the sex drive screenplay by Sean ander & John Morris ( first draft ) ( first revision ) 7.23.2007 base on " all the Way " by Andy behren script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . massive rave - night techno music thump as we snake through a crowded party . all we see be people and light . everyone be either dance , talk or make out . arrive behind a petit brunette with a body that have precipitate many a boner . ms. tasty turn revealing a sweet , stun twenty - year - old smile . ms . tasty Ian ! hey , sweetie ! ( strike a sexy pose ) so ? what do you think ? reverse to show who she 's pose for , but ian be silhouett , backlit by disco light . he speak with smug confidence . ian not bad . I have see better , but you make it work . she 's not put off by the back -hande compliment . on the contrary , it seem to make she try harder . ms . tasty jerk . so when do I get to check out you big , sexy bod ? l-o - L ! her face rotate unnaturally ninety degree on it 's side and wink ;) pull back hard to reveal thousand , maybe million of people at this party . the head become pixel on Ms. tasty 's myspace page on a computer in : int . ian 's bedroom - night the real Ian lie in bed with he laptop , wear a darth vader t-shirt , Chicago cub pajama bottom and read glass . he 's eighteen but could pass for sixteen . he 's a sweet kid with the kind of thoughtful , approachable face you might seek when in need of direction . Close on she word on the screen : '' jerk . so when do I get to check out you big , sexy bod ? l-o - L ! '' Ian let out a nervous giggle . he type he reply , '' it 's not really that sexy . '' he stop and delete that . ian ( whisper to himself ) God . do not be a dork . Act cool . be a dick . just be a dick . he retype , '' damn , ur so pushy . i’ll upload my pic in a SEC . '' MAIN title over : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Ian open a picture of himself in photoshop . he borrow some facial hair from a photo of Brad Pitt and place it on he own face . he open a folder call '' family pic , '' then a subfolder title , '' rex . '' he open a picture of a cocky tough guy lean against a shiny orange 1969 gto judge . Ian place he own head on the tough guy 's body . as he do this work , we get a look at the room , which be divide by a line of electrical tape run down the wall mark , " dylan be side - ian keep out !!! " Ian 's side be neat and sparsely decorate with a few band poster and some Lord of the ring merch . the other side of the room be cluttere and decorate with extreme sport and bikini girl poster . several motocross and snowboard trophy be proudly display . Ian 's brother dylan ( 14 ) sleep in a twin bed . his Tiger beat face even look confident while asleep . a clock read 12:21 a.m. end title Ian click '' upload pic '' and we return to the : int . myspace cyber rave now some of Ms. tasty 's myspace bio stat float in the air next to she : " mstasty , 5 ' 5 " / Age :20 / Home : knoxville , tn / here for : Friends / occupation : College Student / interest : Cars , bike , Music , horse , football and mad party !!! " Ian materialize next to she , now with the cool facial hair and lean against the car . before tasty even turn to see he , lance materialize out of thin air , landing between they . lance be eighteen , good look , build and dress cool . lance Ian ? dude . what 's with this picture !? Holy shit , that 's funny ! next to lance , felicia materialize . also eighteen , she 's a petit , pretty girl with she own unique , artsy look and a definite edge on she attitude . felicia oh my god , Ian . that 's hilarious ! ian yeah . funny , right ? just a joke . can not talk right now though . Ian be antsy , try to see past they to tasty . tasty remain oblivious to this entire exchange . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * felicia wait ! emergency . my evil bitch cousin be stay with we this weekend , do a bunch of wedding prep crap . lance you hot cousin ? felicia she 's the Antichrist , lance . ian she 's still hot . felicia well , I need to get out . ian we can hang at my house . the whole family be take Dylan to he moto - cross national this weekend . felicia sweet ! you rock . ian thanks . now I gotta go . lance dude , you work tom -- Ian wave a hand at lance and Felicia . they each disappear with a click . finally Ian can see Ms. tasty again . ian so , tasty . feast you eye , sugar biscuit . intercut - ian 's bedroom / myspace cyber rave back in reality , Ian slap he own head . ian sugar biscuit ? you idiot . back in cyberspace , tasty look over at Ian and he car . ms . tasty Nice . o.m.g . you car be sick ! ian sixty-nine gto judge . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library +e * hf ms. tasty ( dirty smile ) mmmm . I love sixty -nine . back in he bedroom , Ian be stunne . he stand and nervously pace , mutter to himself . he take off he glass . ian whoa . sixty -nine ; she like that . okay , do not puss out . be a dick back in cyberspace , Ian continue to act cool . ian ( cont ’d ) whatever . I gotta blow . coach 's get we run two - a-day . peace . Ian disappear - to tasty 's great disappointment . int . ian 's bedroom Ian stare at she picture and she last line , '' I luv 69' . '' he check that Dylan be sleep . he grab a roll of toilet paper from under he bed . he reach into he pajama pants . dylan ( 0.s. ) be you spankin’ it over there ! Ian stop . ian no ! I be just scratch my leg . it 's itchy ... this blanket . int . ian 's house - hallway - morning Ian wander groggily out of he room . he open the bathroom door but stop cold with the door open only three inch . his eye go like saucer - he 's now wide awake . Ian 's Pov through the door : a gorgeous , naked woman be bent over and towell off she hair . Ian watch with nervous curiosity . she turn toward he but the towel cover she face . as she rub the towel on she head , she boob jiggle . Ian be in a trance until ... woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) Ian !? Ian turn to see that he parent be stand at the end of the hall and look he way . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ian' father be you just peeping on you sister ? the girl scream and the bathroom door slam shut . ian no ! I be just gonna use the ... his father raise a eyebrow as if to say , '' well , what about that ? '' a wider shot of Ian reveal that he have pitch a unmistakable tent in he pajama pants . ian' father alright ! family meeting ! int . ian 's house - dine room - moment later Ian 's Father , stepmother and brother Dylan sit at the table . also at the table be rex , Ian 's older brother from the photo . he 's a twenty - four-year - old big lug whose thinning hair be highlight and spiky . next to he be jessica , the hot girl from the shower . she 's about twenty and wear a pink baby - doll T print with sorority symbol . she talk on she cell as Ian arrive at the table . jessica ( into she phone ) no , I gotta go . my new stepbrother be spying on I in the shower and play with himself or something . ..- yeah , I will call you after . Ian timidly sit . his father send a stern look he way . ian' father listen , mister -- ian' stepmother ( interrupt sweetly ) Ian . you and you brother have make I feel so welcome in you family . and now that jessica be home from Princeton , I hope you 'il be able to see she as you sister . ian no . I do . I just -- rex you do not look at you sister and pop a stiffy , Ian . that be not normal . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ian' stepmother rex , please . let 's just all do we best to respect one another 's privacy . okay , honey ? ian' father now apologize to jessica . ian um .... I be sorry . ian' father for what ? ian I be sorry for ... see you naked . ian' father and ? ian um ... and get a...um ... ian' father that 's it . you be ground , bub . ian what !? rex I gotta go . if you fag want a ride , you better hustle up . we track out the window and across the street to : int . felicia 's house a modest but nice suburban home . Felicia be come down the stair . she wear a black t-shirt that read , '' I be begging you to shut up . '' she stop when she hear voice . she peer around the corner into the dining room . her mother sit at the kitchen table with aunt carol . stand on the other side of the table be tiffany , a blonde Brittany Spears type about Felicia 's age . Tiffany be arrange some barbie & Ken doll in a make - believe wedding ceremony . tiffany I do not know . maybe just six bridesmaid ? Tiffany remove a black -haire barbie from the line -up . from she perch , Felicia enthusiastically nod she agreement . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library aunt carol sweetie , marriage be about family . Felicia 's you cousin . tiffany I know . but she never smile . she 'il ruin all the picture . felicia ( whisper to herself ) she 's right , I will . listen to she . she 's make some solid point . felicia 's mother do not worry , dear . I '’11 speak to Felicia . Felicia tip -toe down the step and sneak out the front door . she nearly make it out when she mother spot she . felicia 's mother ( cont ’d ) hon ? come say hi to you cousin and you aunt Carol . Felicia hang she head , sigh and go back inside . we pull away and cross the street again to the home next to Ian 's . int . lance 's house - kitchen we find lance at the breakfast table work on a bowl of Count chocula . lance 's father enter , talk on he cell phone . he 's dress a little too cool for he age . lanceas father Judy ! what do you want from I ? the boy 's eighteen now . this be not my problem anymore . hello ? he look at the phone . obviously she hang up . he grab a bowl , sit down and pour himself some cereal . lance's father ( cont ’d ) you mom 's still batshit crazy . lance shake he head , eat and read maxim . lance's father ( cont ’d ) oh , what , she never trash talk I ? lance actually , she do not . ever . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library lanceas father well , in any case , take my advice , chief , never get marry . just a endless parade of nonsense . and for god 's sake always wear a rubber . Jesus h . lance walk out , take the comment personally . lanceas father ( cont ’d ) oh , come on , pal , I do not mean it that way ! ext . suburban road - morning cue : '' let 's get it up '' by ac / DC . the judge ( the shiny orange 69 pontiac gto from Ian 's photo ) now rumble aggressively through the Chicago suburb . int . the judge rex drive and sing loudly . Dylan ride shotgun . Ian sit in back ; he 's now dress in a purple polo and visor , embroider with a '' sefior donut '' logo . rex turn the radio down . rex Ian - question . and I want a straight answer . you queer ? ian what ? rex God damn it ! I know it ! ian I do not say anything ! rex exactly . when someone ask if you be a pole - smoker , you deny it right off . no pause ! no fartin ' around ! Jesus , Ian ! ian rex , I be not gay . dylan you be eighteen and you be not even have one girlfriend . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library rex that 's how people wind up get gay , ya know . ian I do not think that 's really how it happen . but anyway , I be not gay . dylan well , dad think you be be . ian what !? rex you be break the old man 's heart . ian look , there 's this girl I have be kinda get to know on myspace . rex myspace ? oh , for fuck 's sake ! do not you watch dateline ? she 's probably a guy , Ian ! some fat old dude who want to pound you up the tailpipe ! ext . mall parking lot the judge stop and Ian climb out . rex have fun at work . try not to come home any gayer than you be now . int . mall food court - senor donut ron be prepping the donut shop for another day . he 's a middle - age man in a tight button - up manager 's shirt that show off he gut . Ian enter the store . ron ( sarcastic ) Ian ! so good of you to bless I with you presence . gee , I hope I be not put you out . ian sorry , ron . my brother drive and ... it 's only eight oh-three . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * 10. ron oh- three . oh - three , huh ? yeah . that 's not gonna cut the cheese around here , captain . at sefior do nut we plan to be ten minute early . that way if we miss it by a oh three , we be still early by a oh-six . comprendé ? ian right . sorry . Ian put on a apron and begin prepping the counter . cue '' get you where I want you '' by the fly as several lovely female mall employee arrive and walk by in slow motion . Ian sneak long look at each of they . several quick close up shot of hair , smile , expose thongs and the impression of bras and hard nipple through tight shirt . finally a cute , detach girl about Ian 's age show up wear the same sefior donut uniform and look tired . Ian give she a friendly smile . she do not return the favor . ian ( cont 'd ) hey , becca . becca hey . hey , ron. sorry I be late . ron no worry , girlfriend . Ian give ron a '' what the fuck ? '' look . ron ( cont 'd ) ( lascivious ) look like you have a long , nasty night . ron and Ian want the four - one-uno. becca whatever . you guy be gross . ian I be not gross . I do not say anything . becca roll she eye and go into the back . int . senor donut - back room becca be take a huge foam sefior donut mascot costume out of a box . Ian come in to get a bag of powder sugar . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11. becca ( hold up the suit ) Tan ? ian no way , becca . I do coupon round yesterday . becca ( hugging he ) oh , ian. come on . you have so be my hero . I have love you so , so much . int . mall food court - day a giant foam donut walk through the food court , hand out coupon . sefior do nut wear a small sombrero , black tight and a purple cape . tian 's right arm stick out of the suit . the leave arm be fake as Ian 's real leave arm be keep inside the suit to operate the mouth . ( like the Big Bird suit . ) he try to hand out coupon but he 's a soft , timid sell . ian hi. would you like a coupon for six free -- no ? okay , cool . sorry . Ian turn to find ron in he way , arm fold . ron hmmm . you do not sound like sefior donut . you sound more like mr.- I - don ' t-take - pride - in-my-job -because - I ‘m-a-spoiled -suburban -kid-who 's - have - everything - hand - to-me - donut . ian ron , come on . I suck at do the voice . please ? ron give Ian a stern look and then point to a woman come they way . Ian turn to she and in a lame mexican accent ... ian ( cont ’d ) hola . theees eeez a coupon for seeex free donut . es mui bueno ! the woman stare back uncomfortably and then look to she leave . Ian turn to see what she 's look at . a mexican family be stand nearby and glaring at Ian . ian ( cont 'd ) ( normal voice ) I be sorry . I do not mean any ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12. the family walk away , offended . Ian sigh . int . mall dress shop Felicia step out of a fitting room , wear a poofy yellow dress with a huge bow . she look miserable . Tiffany circle , nodd she approval . tiffany oh , my , god . that be sooo cute on you . you could be hot if you quit dress like so ... agro . now that you be eighteen you should totally be think about get that boob do too . you know ? tiff gesture to she own fake boob , then turn away to flip through a rack of dress . Felicia mime plunging a knife into tiff 's back over and over . tiff turn to look at Felicia , who stop kill she and smile back innocently . tiffany ( cont ’d ) you know ? felicia yeah . boobs. good . make a note . Felicia notice sefior donut out in the mall , go up the escalator . he 's surround by a group of white ten-year - old gang - banger - wannabe . they push Ian and he fall sideways , roll down to the bottom and out entrance . the kid follow he down . int . mall Felicia jog from the shop , hold she dress off the ground . as she arrive , the kid be stomping Ian like a narc . felicia aright , piss off , mallrat . they stop . they leader step to Felicia with a precocious swagger . he 's a foot short than she . mallrat yo , banana - ass -lookin 's bitch . y'all be not gonna roll up on we shit and start bustin’ out to -do . his friend laugh until Felicia grab he by the ear and twist until he grimace in pain . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13. felicia listen , trevor or Logan or cody or whatever the fuck you name be , look at this dress . do I look like I be in the mood for you bullshit ? mallrat owie . owie . felicia yeah , that 's right , owie . she release he . felicia ( cont ’d ) and take the god damn price tag off you hat . she rip the price sticker off the bill of he baseball cap . mallrat damn , shorty ! he stand down and try to maintain he strut as he lead he gang away . felicia you alright , Ian ? ian yeah . wow . you look pretty . felicia oh , god ! shut up . just then , lance appear next to they . lance damn . tough day for donut boy . felicia not a word about the dress . I swear to fuck god . Ian flounder on the floor , unable to stand . ian a little help ? Felicia and lance help he up . ian ( cont ’d ) this job suck so hard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. felicia Ian , why do not you just quit ? ian I can not just quit , Felicia . I only get two week leave to save for college . tuition 's go up to -- lance interrupt , point to the donut mouth that Ian be flap as he speak . lance Ian , why you gotta do that - work the mouth when you talk to we ? felicia ( sarcastic ) you can not fool we , Ian . we know you be not really a big mexican donut . ian ( not work the mouth ) sorry . habit . here , give I a hand with this . Ian struggle to get he head out of the back of the suit . he sit on a bench . lance help . Ian take a deep breath . lance so , how 's it go with that chick at work ? ian becca . not that great . felicia good . she 's totally wrong for you , anyway . ian that 's what you say about everyone . Tiffany wave Felicia back into the store . felicia I gotta go . Satan call . lance look like Satan get new titty . felicia so , we be still on for tomorrow ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . ian get the place to myself , I promise . felicia awesome . you always come through for I . ( lean in ) hey , it will not be weird for you if I stay over Saturday ? ian why would it be weird ? slam CUT to : ext . high school bonfire party - night title : '' five month ago '' Ian stand alone by the fire . Felicia stumble over and hug he . she 's a bit drunk . felicia Ian . hey , dude . guess what . ian what ? felicia I have a secret . girl secret . can you deal ? ian sure . what do you get ? Felicia be flustered , giggly and uncharacteristically girly . felicia I ... duh . this be so lame . ian look at you act like such a girl . you be creep I out . felicia I know . okay , okay , okay , okay . here it be . I have a crush on someone . a boy . a guy . ian really . wow . who ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library he hhh ok % 16 . felicia oh , I bet you know who . you know I better than anyone . so guess . a look of great understanding come over Ian 's face . ian I think I know . he nervously lean in for a kiss . Felicia sober , pull away . her face be awash with confusion and pity . Ian have make a terrible mistake . he lamely try to back -pedal . ian ( cont ’d ) kidding . get you . felicia Ian . you be my best friend . I just do not think we -- ian I know . totally kid . I mean , '' whatever '' right ? yeah ... he 's not fool anyone . ian ( cont ’d ) so , who be it ? who 's the lucky ... felicia oh , nobody . I be kid too . ian oh . that 's funny . I guess . pull back , as they stand together in a awkward silence as several kid party around they . slam CUT back to present : int . mall felicia okay , see you guy tomorrow . Felicia trot back to the dress shop . Ian push he head back into the suit . he and lance walk through the mall together . Ian occasionally hand off a coupon to someone . lance so , this becca chick - you be do like I tell you ? be a dick ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library +e % + eh 17 . ian yeah , kinda . kind of a dick . lance she make you wear the costume again , do not she ? ( off Ian 's lack of reply ) see ? you nice guy thing work for shit . if you ’da tell she to fuck off , she have be two knuckle deep , day - dream about you bone right now . a woman with two little kid , glare at they . ian lance , I be actually at work . can we not do this here ? lance I be just sayin’ , if you ever want to get laid , you be go to have to quit worry about what chick think of you . look at Andy and Randy over there . that guy could give a fuck . two awkward , dim -face , badly dress teenage boy stand outside a arcade . oblivious to they own lack of appeal , every girl that pass get hit on . ian Andy and Randy ? that guy be total nard . lance for real . but pay attention . a pretty , fresh - face girl be carry a box mark , '' Holy Cross Children 's Fund . '' she approach andy & randy . christian girl hi. would you like to help the underprivileged child ? they converge on she like velociraptor . they both speak in the same , rapid-fire monotone . andy not really . randy you wanna party ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18. christian girl um. no. I be kinda work . andy when be you do ? randy what be you do after ? christian girl um , I have a church thing tonight . andy kick ass . we 'il come . randy yeah , where be it ? andy there gonna be more hot chick like you there ? lance and Ian look on . ian so , what ? they never get anywhere . lance that 's because they do not know how to close . but they ability to open be god damned heroic . absolutely no fear of rejection . Andy and Randy keep up the pressure , follow she away . randy do you wear thong underpant ? andy you want we to take we shirt off ? int . senor donut - back room - evening Ian , still dress in the donut suit , hassle with he locker . he break off he key . ron appear in the doorway . ron oh , Ian . what be I go to do with you , laddie ? you can wear it home , but take good care of it . that costume cost more than you make in a year . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . ext . mall —- evening rex pull up to the curb in the judge . Ian run up to the car , still in the do nut suit and work the mouth . ian rex . it 's I ! rex what the fuck be that shit ? ian I break off the key in my locker . rex well I be not gonna be see drive around with sefor numbnut . Stow that shit in the trunk . Ian pop the trunk and bashfully strip off the costume , leave he just in he t-shirt and tighty - whity . several pass shopper glance over . Ian stuff the costume in the trunk and dash for the passenger door . rex slowly pull ahead , Ian run along side . rex laugh way too hard . rex ( cont 'd ) come on ! get in , fairy ! Ian reach for the door but rex stay just far enough ahead . Ian run faster and open the door . before he can jump in , rex slam on the brake . tian bounce off the inside of the door and fall flat on he back in the street . rex ( cont 'd ) ha !!! you suck , Ian ! Ian lie there groan . rex ( cont 'd ) do not be such a puss ! seriously , quit dickin ' around and get in . ext . ian 's house - evening the judge pull into the driveway . Ian get out . a car pull in behind he . it 's becca ! she climb out . Ian coyly pull he shirt down over he grund . this be awkward . ian becca . hey . I do not know you be come over . I do not even know you know where I live . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library becca yeah . I do , so ... she look down at he lack of pants . ian oh. funny story . I break my key -- becca be Dylan here ? ian what ? Dylan . my brother Dylan ? becca yeah . be he here ? ian my fourteen - year- old brother Dylan ? becca scowl at Ian . Dylan open the front door becca . she send he a big smile and start off ian ( cont ’d ) you know he 's fourteen , right ? dylan Nice underpant , Ian ! he 's probably cooking up a big wick bacon strip in there . becca and rex laugh . int . ian 's bedroom - later 20 . and wave to toward he . Ian be put on a pair of sweatpant . Dylan and becca come in , make out . dylan Ian . get out of my room ! ian it 's my room too . you guy can go downstairs . dylan no way . the couch down there reek like grandma fart . dad ! Ian 's spying on we ! ian' father ( 0.s. ) Ian ! quit be a perv and give you brother some privacy ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. int . ian 's house - basement —- moment later the basement be unfinish . the old mismatch furniture clash with the shag carpet . rex 's weight bench and punch bag be set up in one corner . Ian sit down at a desk , don he glass and fire up a old , yellow computer . a sign tape to the monitor read , '' dad 's Computer - no surfing the World Wide internet ! '' a window 98 logo come up . Ian sigh as the dial - up tone sputter and beep . intercut - myspace cyber rave / ian 's basement again we move through the crowd until we arrive on Ms. tasty . ms . tasty Ian , baby ! ian what up , tasty ? ms . tasty I have be in bed all day , think about you . cut to Ian in the real world . he 's wide - eye and freak . ian really ? back to cool , flirty cyber - Ian . ian ( cont ’d ) really . ms . tasty I have a idea . you should jump in that tight ride of yours and drive it down to knoxville this weekend so we can hook up in person . ian yeah , whatever . I do not know . knoxville 's a long way . ms . tasty I think I can make it worth the drive . back in reality , Ian 's jaw drop . he type the word , '' how ? '' he take a deep breath before click '' send . '' push in on Ian 's expectant face as the reply come in : '' mstasty : U drive all the way here 4 I and I x11 go all the way with U . '' Tan stare back at the screen , wide - eye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22. ian all the way . she want to go all the way . with I . ( huge grin ) she want to go all the way with I ! cut to a vinyl record drop on dad 's old turntable . after a moment of crackle , cue '' Da ya think I be sexy '' by Rod Stewart . Ian dance in wild celebration , perform move that be as sexually suggestive as they be awkward . he sing along . he start punch rex 's punch bag , then he start humping it as part of the dance . he freeze when he hear the need scrape off the record . Ian 's dad stand at the turntable . Ian lamely try to morph the dance into act casual . he 's out of breath . ian ( cont ’d ) hey , I be just ... exercise . ian' father what have I tell you about monkey with my 45s ? dad take the record and move on . tian drop he head . a moment later , Dylan enter . dylan dude . becca just leave . ian so ? dylan you wanna smell my finger ? Ian glare back , annoyed . after a beat : ian yeah , okay . Ian take a whiff , then wince . ian ( cont ’d ) ugh . be you sure you get the right hole ? Dylan look slightly alarmed and confuse . he sniff it . int . drug store - day Close on the condom section - several shelf fill with all manner of rubber . Ian nonchalantly breeze by , read the box as he pass . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23. further down the aisle , he put a few item in he basket . he breeze by again , try to stop , too uncomfortable , keep move . a moment later he return . a cart be park between Ian and the condom . a soccer mom drift down the aisle , away from the cart , leave she cute- as- a- button two - year - old girl perch in the cart seat . little girl hi. Ian give she a strain smile as he reach over she for a box . he inadvertently triggers a electronic display . a ten - inch condom - man dance , wave it 's arm and holler : rubber-man congratulation ! you chose ramse for maximum stimulation ! Ian snap he hand away , knock several box of condom into the cart . the child 's mother turn to give Ian a suspicious glance . Ian muster a smile back . Mom start back he way . Ian grab one box and bolt . when the mom return , she baby girl present she with a box of magnum . little girl 's mom yeah , I wish . int . drug store - cashier line Ian now have a pile of junk in he basket . he get into the line of a frumpy , middle - age cashier . suddenly , another lane be open by a beautiful , bubbly woman . hot cashier I can help the next person . ian oh , that 's okay . I x11 just -- hot cashier oh , come on now . l let 's get you take care of . she come out and take Ian 's basket , lead he to she aisle . she start ringing up he item . hot cashier ( cont ’d ) you do not remember I , do you Ian ? Terry ? I use to babysit you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24. ian oh. sure . Terry . wow . hot cashier you have get so big . I use to change you poopy diaper . ian oh , yeah . I do not really do that anymore . I just use the ah ... Ian nervously eye the condom . horror movie suspense music build as she excavate they , item by item . finally she reach for the box , but just then : cashier boy ( 0.s. ) Terry . phone call . hot cashier oh . well , it be nice to see you , Ian . say , '' hi '' to you mom for I . Ian breathes a sigh of relief as she step away . ian definitely . another employee take over , a big good - look skater guy about Ian 's age . cashier boy dude . be not you in my gym class ? what be it - egan ? ian Ian . yeah . hey , Jordan . Jordan be not excited to see Ian . he pick up the box of condom . he crack up laugh . cashier boy oh , right ! whatever , scrote ! you can not get you fist pregnant ! he raise the box high and call out to another boy , work thirty foot away . cashier boy ( cont ’d ) Russ , man ! check it out , yo ! look who 's buy jimmy ! Russ crack up . Ian look around . Terry , the little girl , she mom , and three old lady all stare back at he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . cashier boy ( cont ’d ) you want this gift wrap ? Ian snatch the box back . Russ tap he on the shoulder and snap a picture with he camera phone . freeze on the awful picture of Ian , look surprised and hold up the condom . ext . drug store the door slide open , the laughter escape along with Ian . he step out to find Andy & Randy sit on the curb out front . a girl pass they on she way into the store . andy hey , baby , you wanna party ? randy you wanna make out with we ? she ignore they , which do not bother they a bit . something compel Ian to stop , but he 's not sure what to say . randy ( cont 'd ) why do not you take a picture , Ian ? andy yeah , and post it on total - fuckin’ - awesomeness - — dot-com . ian can I ask you guy a question ? randy you just do . ian okay . can I ask you another question ? andy you just do ! ha ! they giggle and high - five . Ian turn to go . randy no. dude , what ? ian okay . where do you guy get the confidence to , you know , like hit on every girl you see ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26. andy ' Cause we be the shit . randy you ought to know that , bitch . andy so , where 's felate- cha ? randy felate-cha . you bangin’ she ? ian we be just friend . andy I think you take she to prom . ian yeah , but it be a ' just - friend 's kind of thing . randy I do not get it . andy you should bang she . we would . randy dude , we would bang she so hard . andy tell she we will bang she . Ian walk away . randy yeah , hard . ext . ian 's house - day rex , Dylan and dad be load luggage and dirtbike into a trailer , tow by a huge suv , park in the street . Ian ride he bike into the garage , carry he bag from the drug store . jian 's stepmother come out with a cooler . ian' stepmother Ian , sweetie . be you sure you do not want to come along and cheer on you little brother ? Ian look over . Dylan give he the finger . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . ian yeah . sound fun but I gotta work . ian' stepmother okay , sweetie . there 's a taco casserole in the freezer and I put forty dollar in the cow for fun money . be safe , okay ? she kiss he on the cheek . Ian smile . tian 's dad call over from the truck . ian' dad where 's jessica ? we be burn daylight , people ! int . ian 's bedroom - moment later Ian put the box of condom on the desk , sit down and stare at they . he lift some Google map from the printer - the route from bartlett , IL to knoxville , tn . also , a list title , '' thing to bring on trip to have sex : '' 1 ) Maps and direction 2 ) condom 3 ) New black shirt - cool 4 ) phone 5 ) phone charge 6 ) ipod 7 ) ipod charge 8 ) money 9 ) this list Ian crack open the box of condom , remove one from its pouch and start to unroll it . it roll out longer and longer until it 's about a foot long . Ian stare at it , distress . after a beat , he look up . jessica stand in the hall , hold a duffel bag . she 's look in , disturb . she walk on . Ian throw the rubber in the waste basket . he consider the box for a second . he throw the whole box away , along with the map and the list . he get up and exit he room . int . ian 's house - kitchen lance walk in as Ian be come downstairs . lance have he phone to he ear but be not speak into it . lance dude ! what be go on with you ? you buy rubber !? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28. ian how would you know that ? lance it 's on Russ Miller 's blog . quick insert : a screenshot of a blog call Miller 's High life - decorate with pot leave . top story say , '' Ian lafferty wastes money on jimmy ! '' the story feature the phone photo of Ian , hold the box of condom . ian Jesus ! that be like ( check he watch ) eleven minute ago . lance so , what the F !? int . ian 's bedroom - moment later Close on the photo of Ms. tasty . lance 's gape mouth be reflect on the screen next to she picture . lance duuuuude . this chick ? for real ? ian she want I to meet she tonight at the shakey 's in knoxville . lance so , why be not you ass on it 's way to Tennessee right now ? ian I think about it . that 's why I buy the ... those ( be : rubber ) but , I can not . I be ground . lance ground ? what be you , nine ? ian ( be : phone ) what be you , on hold ? lance no. Robbie dibbitz call I accidentally . I can hear he talk to somebody . I wanna hear if he shit-talks I . Ian give a incredulous look that have no effect on lance . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . lance ( cont 'd ) oh my God , Ian . do you remember what I say when you blow you chance to rack up some clutch experience with a very shit - face Lindsay mckay ? ian I have to give Felicia a ride home that night . she be sick , remember ? Ian start floss nervously . lance and what do I say ? ian that I be a pussy ? lance a raging pussy . and I say , '' what do you want , a write invitation ? '' guess what dipshit - this be a write invitation ! so kick it in the ass , G ! lance remove the condom and map from the trash . ian lance . she do not want I , okay ? she want he ... Ian click a button and bring up the doctore photo of himself . lance ohhhh . that 's what that picture be all about . lance let out a short burst of laughter before catch himself . Ian walk out . int . ian 's house - kitchen Ian come downstairs into the kitchen . lance follow . lance Ian ! it 's not that bad . you look like that picture ... more or less . ian lance . let it go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . lance dude , I have be try to get you laid every summer since my dad move here . now , sack - up , bro . ian seriously , just forget it . Ms. tasty 's probably a guy anyway . lance maybe . but what if she 's not ? Ian crack a smile . ian she 's pretty , eh ? lance pretty ? yeah . pretty fuckin’ hot . lance hear something in the phone he do not like . lance ( cont 'd ) that motherfucker . ( yell into he phone ) I hear that Robbie , you backstabbin 's prick ! lance hang up . after a beat , he 's right back on task . lance ( cont 'd ) dude , come on ! you already open . I can help you close . we just need one thing ... int . ian 's house - garage Ian and lance stare at the judge . it sparkles and shine . lance you roll up in this fucker and she will drop a egg right in the shakey 's parking lot . ian rex ’1ll never let I take the judge . lance you do not know if you do not ask . outside , Ian 's dad fire up the suv . rex jog into the garage . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . rex yo. fuckstick . heed this word : that car move so much as a dick - hair , a fly so much as fart on it and you die a brutal death , fag . rex punch Ian in the arm . Ian rub he arm as rex stomp off , laugh . Ian gesture toward he as if to tell lance , '' I tell you so . '' rex point the clicker over he shoulder , close the garage door with Ian and lance still inside . lance what a dick . you should take he car just on principle . ian I do not even have a key , lance . lance turn and begin probing the underside of the car along the edge . just ahead of the rear wheel , he hit paydirt - a small , black , magnetic box , print with a hide - a - Key logo . he slide the box open , produce the car key . ian ( cont ’d ) lance , no . do not you hear he ? lance Ian . look at I . yes . rex might find out . and he might kick the holy shit out of you . but this be you last chance . you do not step up now , you be a college virgin . Ian stare back gravely , think it over . lance ( cont 'd ) she 's nine short hour away . we head down tonight , you pound that va-jay , and we be back tomorrow , rex 'il never even know it be go . you lose you virginity tonight , Ian . to-night . clank !! Ian and lance startle as the garage door opener kick in . the door begin to rise , expose rex 's boot and slowly more of he . they fumble with the key box as the door inch higher . Ian dive to put it back . lance ( cont 'd ) no ! it be back here ! lance point to where he find it . Ian reach out , drop the key box . lance turn to get it , accidentally kick it under the car . the door be up to rex 's chest ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32. Ian lunge under the car but it 's just out of he reach . he painfully stretch out , he finger tip tickle the key box . finally he get it and toss it back to lance who put it in place . Ian scramble out from under the judge . rex 's Pov as the door clear he eye . Ian be on he knee as though he might blow lance . he peek around lance at rex . rex for god 's sake . you two rump ranger could not wait five minute . rex shake he head as he step in . he retrieve the key box from under the car . he point a warning finger at Ian and lance as he walk backwards to the suv . they drive off . lance shit ! cue '' let 's get it up '' - ball - out -loud as Ian give lance a dubious smile . Ian hold up the key . ext . ian 's house - garage - day the judge thunder to life and pull out over the camera like the Star destroyer at the top of Star Wars . the car stop as Felicia be now stand in the way . she 's hold a bag of grocery and video . she cross to Ian 's open window . felicia Ian ? be you on crack ? rex be go to castrate you . ian true that . felicia you two better not be bitchin’ out on I . you promise . ian we be not . felicia okay . so , where we go ? lance try to wave Ian off from tell Felicia . ian um ... knoxville , Tennessee . Felicia consider the destination for a moment . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. felicia ( unfaze ) yeah , okay . lemmie get my stuff . she hand Ian the bag of goody and then bolt to she house . lance dude . you do not want Felicia along . I know you guy be friend but she 's always cock - block you . ian no she be not . she do not even have ...one . lance Fine , twat - block you then . you know what I mean . ian yeah . but , she cousin -- I kinda promise . she will be mad . lance she 'il get over it . be a man . Felicia throw she bag in and jump in the back . lance ( cont 'd ) I think you have a wedding this weekend . you sure you can go ? felicia the wedding 's not ' till next month . so , what 's in Tennessee ? ian ( stammer ) um ... Cancer . felicia Cancer ? ian yeah . my grandma 's get some cancer . felicia nana lafferty ? ian no , my other grandma . I be go to visit she . it 's probably gonna suck . you know , old people stuff . you do not have to go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. felicia oh my god , grammy k ? of course I will go . be she ... Felicia 's eye well up with tear . Ian realize he well overshot the lie . ian oh ! no ! it 's not like fatal . it 's just , um ... foot cancer . lance Foot cancer . felicia what 's she do in Tennessee ? ian oh , there 's this really kick ass cancer center there . it 's like famous . if you ever get any cancer ( trail off ) you should totally check it out ... Ian realize he blow it and he 's stick with she . he shrug to lance , who just shake he head . int . the judge - later they fly along the highway . Felicia sit in back , lean against the window . her ipod earbud be in . lance take the Google map out of he pocket and flip through they . lance what be we on - 294 ? so , you want I - 80 east . then 65 south all the way through Indiana . Felicia emit a unintend guttural hum along with she music . she sound like a retarded zombie . Jan and lance laugh . she pull a earbud out . felicia what ? what 's so funny ? ian nothing . there be just a guy go by go all like ... she put the earbud back in . a moment later , she 's hum again . Ian check he watch . he speak quietly to lance . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . ian ( cont ’d ) I be meeting she at eight thirty . if we only stop for gas , we should be able to make that . lance Nice . so ? how 's it feel ? ian what ? lance I do not know - break some rule ? talkin 's some shit ? driving the judge to get some poon ? ian ( smile ) feel pretty good . cue : '' steady at the wheel '' by shooter jenning . they pass a '' welcome to Indiana '' sign . the country fly by . Ian effortlessly blow by a camper . several driver take notice of the classic muscle car , some even wave or give a thumb up . a hot girl in a convertible smile . they pass through Indianapolis . Ian lean back , feel like a badass . fade music Felicia point to a pass billboard for a new romantic comedy call , '' what part of no ? '' it feature a knockout blonde with she arm fold and she back to a fat , nerdy guy who look as though he 's get a plan to seduce she . felicia be you guy gonna go see that ? lance pass . that 's just another movie where the girl 's hot and the guy 's a dork but he 's persistent . so he come on with a bunch of cute , zany shit that , in the real world , would get you arrest . ian right . but he wear she down until she fall in love with he over a game of putt-putt or something . lance pure bullshit . nobody 's ever get laid off mini-golf . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36. felicia yeah , and the girl , who 's suppose to be so great , always have some boyfriend who 's a total rod . ian that 's the only realistic part . felicia shut up . it be not . ian oh , really ? you last three boyfriend - all major , supreme dick . Felicia smile , she can not deny it . lance it 's not she fault . people like a challenge . everybody want what they can not get . this point make Ian and Felicia uncomfortable . felicia yeah , well , that guy do not start off as dick . they turn into dick . that 's what all you guy be - instant shithead kit - just add love . the judge move through rural Indiana . Ian try to pass a pimp out Honda with black window but the car speed up . lance dude want to race . ( out the window . ) let 's go , pussy ! ian lance ! do not start shit . you do not know who 's in there . lance bring ‘em on ! ian cut it out , man . lance you have never be in a fight , have you Ian ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library hhh ff fh hf hf fh hk % 37 . ian so ? Fighting 's stupid . lance true . but everybody should get in at least one fight . it 's good for you . that include you , leesh . felicia oh yeah ? what if you get the shit kick out of you ? lance that 's even better for you . the driver give Ian the finger out he sunroof . felicia ( sarcastic ) uh , oh . I be pretty sure that 's a direct challenge to you manhood . lance yeah ! come on , bury this jag-off ! ian I be not racing in my brother 's car . the Honda swerve toward they . Ian swerve out of the way . ian ( cont ’d ) Jesus ! what the fuck !? Honda boy heave a huge hardee 's cup out the sunroof . it land on Ian 's side and blanket pink milk - shake across the judge 's entire windshield . Ian , lance and Felicia scream as they be drive blind . Ian turn on the wiper but they only slosh the shake around . lance stick he head out the window , they be about to hit a park camper . lance winnebago ! ahhhhggg !! Ian slam on the brake , send Felicia fly over the seat and onto the floor at lance 's foot . the judge swerve , barely miss the camper . the car behind they weave chaotically . the judge finally stop in the grassy median . everyone catch they breath . Felicia rise up from the floor of the front seat . lance reach out and dip he finger into the liquid on the windshield . he taste it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. lance ( cont 'd ) strawberry . you be tell I we could not have waste some dildo who drink strawberry fuckin’ shake ? ext . truckstop - day lance be wash the windshield . Ian give Felicia some cash . he 's bounce on he heel , desperate to pee . ian I really gotta take a whiz . can you put some gas in ? felicia no problemo . go take that whiz . int . truckstop Felicia walk in . a pretty , blonde hick cashier in she early twenty stand behind the counter , cry . her raccoon eye suggest this have be go on a while . her name tag say , '' brandy . '' felicia um ... you okay ? brandy do I look like I be okay ? fuck . she continue cry for a long awkward moment . felicia you know what might make you feel better ? put forty on pump two . brandy snatch Felicia 's money and slam it into the drawer . Felicia roll she eye and step out as lance be come in . ext . truckstop Felicia return to the gas pump . she realize that the judge 's gas tank be on the other side . she get in the car . int . truckstop restroom Ian stand before a urinal . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . ian ( whisper to himself ) come on , come on , come on . before anyone come in . the door kick open and a huge trucker walk in . out of ten urinal , he pick the one right next to Ian . trucker woo ! my back tooth be snorkeling ! the trucker immediately start pee . after a beat , he notice Ian be not . he look over . trucker ( cont ’d ) you get the shy bladder ? ian yeah . trucker I use to have it something fierce . they call it paruresis . you see you mind be condition to react to certain situation by building a wall of fear all around you . the only way to crumble that brick of anxiety be to give yourself permission to be vulnerable . ( still pee ) know what I be say ? ext . truckstop Felicia do a u-turn but before she can get back , a shit - box mini-van pull up to Felicia 's pump . a nasty red-haire redneck woman in a transparent visor climb out , follow by several creepy child . she start pump Felicia 's gas into she van as she light a cigarette . ( she 's also wear a nicotine patch . ) Felicia get out and step up to she . felicia Excuse I , mar ’am ? that be my pump . redneck woman hey ! tough shit . move you meat , lose you seat . ( to she kid ) do not you eat that , Logan ! you will ruin you appetite ! her creepy seven- year-old be scraping a discard , melt rolo off the ground . he do eat it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. felicia listen , reba , if you value either one of that tooth you get leave , shut off the pump . Felicia be smaller than the woman but she face be all fire . the woman consider she for a long beat . int . truckstop restroom the trucker be still pee . Ian still be not . trucker «+-so I say to my daddy , '' that 's it . I be not gonna be boss around no more . not by you , not by my wife and sure as hell not by my bladder . '' you know what he say ? Ian walk out . the trucker look slighted . still pee . ext . truckstop Ian come outside . Felicia be finish up pump the gas . she smile like nothing happen . lance come out of the truckstop with he arm around brandy , the counter girl , who 's still cry . Ian and Felicia exchange annoyed expression . lance it 's okay , brandy . yeah , you let it out , baby . he 's a bastard . you would swear lance 's heart be break too until he covertly smile and raise a triumphant thumb - up to Ian . lance open the door of the judge and escort she into the back seat . lance ( cont 'd ) do not worry , lancey 's gonna get you home and into a nice hot bath . lance close she door and walk around to climb in the other side , but Ian stop he halfway and whisper - yell . ian lance , what be you do ? lance dude , I be just try to show another human be some compassion ... and my dick . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. ian no ! we be already off the schedule ! lance the whole trip can not just be about you , Ian . int . the judge - day the judge drive past endless row of corn . Ian and Felicia be piss . in the back , lance be make out with brandy . brandy it 's just at the end of this cornfield . ian this cornfield ? the one that 's be go by for the last twenty minute ? alrighty . no reply as lance and brandy fall down , out of sight . ext . EST . brandy 's mobile home - day the run-down trailer sit on a patchy yard in a small trailer park . several toy and car part litter the ground . int . brandy 's mobile home - live room the place be nasty . Dark wood panell , ratty carpet , frame picture of the virgin Mary and Brittany Spears . a old obese woman and a older skinny man sit fully recline in two ratty recliner . they be watch '' wheel of fortune '' and drink some off - brand soda . the old man intermittently and violently scratch he ball . Ian and Felicia sit together uncomfortably on a small , low chest . lance and brandy 's dirty giggle can be hear through the wall . Felicia whisper in Ian 's ear . felicia it stink in here . Ian gesture toward a cat that be pissing on the carpet , next to a cat box that have not be clean out in a long time . fat lady you kid want to help yourself to a can of purple ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. felicia ( stand ) that sound good . I could go for a purple . ian? purple ? int . brandy 's bedroom brandy 's tiny room be not much of a improvement over the live room . lance and brandy be roll around on she faux - brass bed . she pull out some handcuffs . lance you be a dirty girl , be not you ? brandy just wait . int . brandy 's mobile home - kitchen Felicia sit down at the kitchen table , look surly . the kitchen be cluttere and filthy . Ian open the fridge and remove a can of the generic soda . ian wow . it actually say , '' purple soda . '' where do you buy purple soda ? he crack it open and take a tentative sip . yuck . he offer it to Felicia , who wave it off . Ian stand and look over the item that be stick to the fridge . a report card be mark with three D 's , a F and a C -. next to the C - isa happy face and the word , '' Nice werk ! '' ian ( cont ’d ) I think she 's get a kid . Felicia point to a picture of brandy with three kid - each vary in ethnicity . felicia uh , yeah . I think she 's get a few . int . brandy 's bedroom two pair of handcuffs now lock lance 's hand to the metal bar of the headboard . he 's loving it . brandy you ever have a Cincinnati spitball ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. lance sure . plenty of time . what else be on the menu ? brandy okay , how ' bout a peppermint fatty ? lance mmmm . that sound good . I x11 have that . she toss some altoid in she mouth and go down . lance ( cont 'd ) oooooh . that be curiously strong . int . brandy 's mobile home - kitchen Felicia and Ian hear the groan . Felicia seethes . ian you like he do not you ? felicia what ? who ? ian lance . you have get a thing for he do not you ? Felicia sit up straight like a shot . she could not look more guilty but she make a weak attempt to cover . felicia oh my God , Ian . Gross . you guy be like brother to I . whatever . Ian just stare back for a awkward moment . suddenly he 's distract by a monster truck pull up outside . ian uh , oh . I think this might be the guy she be bawling about . a moment later , rick enter through the kitchen screen door . he 's a huge burly guy around thirty . he wear a ball cap that read , '' fun-time midway . '' he carry a single rise wrap in pink cellophane . he stop short when he see Ian and Felicia . rick oh , shit . howdy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , Ian and Felicia just stare back , blankly . ian felicia howdy . howdy . rick ( cont 'd ) where the fuck 's brandy at ? int . brandy 's bedroom lance be still cuffed to the bed . brandy stand over he . brandy you ever have a Rolling Brown out ? lance oooh , no . let 's have some of that . ( then ) wait . Brown ? hold on . nothing brown . lance start to squirm violently . int . brandy 's mobile home lance scream in horror from the other room . lance ( 0.s. ) oh , GOD , noooooo !!! everyone look over except the old couple who remain oblivious to this entire scene . Rick head for the bedroom door . Felicia fearlessly jump into he path . rick I do not know who the hell you be but you best get you skinny ass out of the way ! felicia or what !? you gonna hit a girl ? rick no. ( beat . ) but , I x11 pummel he ass real good . ( be : Ian ) without hesitation , Ian yank Felicia out of Rick 's path . ian there you go . we bad . Rick pull on bandy 's door . it 's lock . he back up and kick it open . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . he step in and be immediately knock back on he ass by lance burst out , butt -nake and carry the headboard that he be still cuffed to . lance run out the front door but the headboard bridge across the door-frame , trapping he on the porch but also block Rick . Rick punch at he through the bar but can not reach . Rick grab the headboard and pull it back in , lance with it . lance turn the headboard sideways , smack Rick . lance run out , raise the headboard over he head . he run naked past several mobile home . int . mobile home # 2 a little boy watch lance sprint by . he point out the window and call to he mother . little boy Weiner ! little boy 's mother oh , hush up . you just have lunch . ext . cornfield lance take cover in the border cornfield . he drop to one knee and painfully work he leave hand out of its cuff . the right one be too tight . suddenly he hear rumbling . he stand to see . it 's Rick 's monster truck come right for he . lance hit the deck . the truck roll over he , leave he untouched but run over one side of the headboard . when lance stand , the headboard come apart and he 's able to slip the remain cuff off of the bar it have clung to . with one set of cuff dangle from he right wrist , lance run down the row . extreme close up on a blade of corn stalk , as it slashes lance 's arm like a paper cut . then another cut he face . lance ahhhgg ! shit that hurt ! the truck corner into the frame behind lance . lance run toward we like Indiana Jones run from that huge ball . just as the truck be about to hit he , he dive out of the way . Rick slam on the brake , spitting dirt everywhere as he do a reverse donut to turn around . lance now cut and dodge through different row but he 's run out of steam . he stop to catch he breath . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. after a beat , he look up to find Rick , out of he truck and stomping toward he with a baseball bat . lance lamely backpedal , cover he junk with he hand . lance ( cont 'd ) hey , man . come on . she 's not worth it . you get back with she , and she 's just gonna shit all over you . trust I . Rick raise the bat . just then the judge pull up next to lance . Ian pull he into the passenger seat . the car shower dirt all over Rick as it peel away . int . the judge the car race blindly through the field . hundred of corn stalk thump over the hood as they plow through . lance , still naked , ride shotgun . Felicia be in the back seat . ian where the hell 's the road !? felicia it feel like leave . ext . cornfield cut to a aerial shot of the judge , leave a trail of trample corn . the road be just a few row to its leave . lance ( v.o. ) no ! go right ! for sure ! the car turn right , plunging they further into the field . the shot pull back to reveal that the judge and Rick 's truck be now on a collision course ! int . the judge lance be put a t-shirt on . he spot something come they way . lance Ian ? ian I tell you we do not have time for this ! but all you care about be you dick ! ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 . ian ( cont 'd ) you leave we out there with she crazy mom and she ball scratcher dad and they weird soda -- lance Ian ! whip a shitty ! the truck appear in front of they . Ian crank the wheel . ext . cornfield back to the aerial view as the judge and the truck circle . Ian break right but the truck soon fall into he path . int . the judge Felicia be watch out the back . felicia you be not gonna lose he , Ian . he 's follow we corn wake . lance corn wake ? felicia whatever ! Ian slam on the brake . lance what be you do !? go! ext . cornfield Ian back up and turn leave down a perpendicular path that they have previously trample . Rick catch up but end up lose in a dead end of corn . Ian turn hard right . the judge burst out of the corn , up the side of the ditch and jump , landing back on the road . lance and Felicia cheer . lance duuuuuude ! that 's how you do that ! felicia awesome drive , Ian ! you be amazing ! she kiss Ian 's head , then smack lance upside he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. felicia ( cont ’d ) you suck , lance ! lance I be sorry ! but Ian , seriously , thanks for come for , brother . lance put a hand on Ian 's shoulder . ian would you just put some pants on ? felicia anyone know where we be ? ian no idea . where 's the Google Maps ? lance they be in my pants . back there . ian great ! they crest the hill - nothing but farmland and country lane . a hippy hitchhiker ( 40ish ) stand along the road up ahead . lance hey , pick this guy up . maybe he can get we back to the highway . felicia Ian ! do not pick up a hitchhiker . ian do not worry . suddenly , the car sputter and die . they roll to a stop right next to the hitchhiker . he run to lance 's window . hitchhiker whoa ! thanks ! I be not see a car in hour . ( look down at lance ) oh , goin 's commando ? right on . ian yeah . listen , we do not actually -- lance you know where we can pick up I - 65 ? hitchhiker nope . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . another clunk and steam roll out from under the hood . Ian get out , slamm he door . ext . roadside - middle of nowhere - moment later the hitchhiker sit in the back seat . Felicia lean against the car , try she phone . lance ( now in pants ) and Ian stand over the open hood , stare blankly at the engine . two cow stand just across a fence , watch . lance what do you think ? ian what do I think ? I think we know dick about car . ( be : cow ) we might as well ask they . ( to cow ) what do you think fella ? Felicia walk up , hold up she phone . felicia nothing . no bar whatsoever . she look at the engine . felicia ( cont ’d ) it probably just need water . be there any in the trunk ? Ian shake he head . felicia ( cont ’d ) my brother 's car overheate once and he peed in the radiator . Ian and lance shrug to one another . Ian reach to remove the radiator cap . lance it say not to open it hot . maybe we should let it cool down a while . ian yeah well , thanks to you , we do not have time for that . Ian turn the radiator cap . thooop ! it explode out of it 's coupling , ricochete off the underside of the hood and then ding off Ian 's head . he go down hard . ian ( cont 'd ) aaaahhhhgg ! GOD damn it ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. Ian roll around hold he forehead . lance there 's a lesson learn . lance unzip he pants . Felicia turn away . lance ( cont 'd ) you can watch . I do not care . felicia gee . no thanks . lance pee into the radiator . he finish with way too many extra ' shake . 's lance Ian . you be up . Ian struggle to he foot , a red spot be now on he forehead . he stand before the radiator . lance stand next to he . lance ( cont 'd ) well ? grip it and rip it . ian okay . go away . lance why ? ian I can not pee with you stand there . lance seriously ? lance shake he head and step away to join Felicia around the side of the car . Ian close he eye , take deep breath and try to relax . ian ( whisper to himself ) come on , come on , come on . okay , good . here it come . lance ( 0.s. ) yo stagefright , how we doin’ ? Ian loose he start . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. ian damn it , lance ! just give I a minute . cut to lance and Felicia . after a beat , we hear a subtle stream of pee just beginning when : lance there it be ! the pee sound stop again . ian ( 0.s. ) shit ! would you please shut up and let I do this !? after a moment , the pee restart . lance put a finger to he lip , indicate to Felicia to keep quiet . when Ian wrap up , lance look into the back seat , where the hitchhiker have hunkere down . lance dude . we need you to piss in the radiator . hitchhiker why ? lance we just do . hitchhiker I be real sorry . I just take a leak a few minute ago . you want I to shit in it ? lance just slam the door . he round to the front of the car . Felicia 's look into the radiator . felicia I do not think that 's enough . lance we new friend 's get nothing leave in the tank . lance and Ian eyeball Felicia . felicia what ? no way . I do not have the aim you guy have . lance every drop help . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. she shake she head , consider it . suddenly the hitchhiker jump out of the back seat and call out to they . hitchhiker hey ! look what I have in my bag ! he 's hold a half - full bottle of water . felicia oh , thank god . he start chugge the water . ian felicia no! wait ! what be you do !? he polish off the water with a refresh , '' ahhhh . '' hitchhiker now just give I twenty minute and I will be all set . Felicia sigh and cross to the front of the car . felicia any of you perv peek and I swear it 's 1ll be you last conscious act . Ian , lance and the hitchhiker lean against the side of the car . Ian excitedly wave to a approach car . the small , white car slow down . a family of very proper church folk smile as they pull along side . church dad you kid need some help ? from the family 's Pov , as they roll to a stop , they see Felicia stand on the bumper , pants down and squatting over the radiator . they face drop . they take off . Felicia slam the hood . felicia just try it . Ian climb in , take a deep breath and turn the key . it start . the temperature gauge creep up but level off just shy of the red . they all breathe a sigh of relief . lance and Felicia climb in . the hitchhiker reach for the door but Ian reach back and lock it . hitchhiker what the hell , man ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. ian look , I be sorry . we can not give you a ride . hitchhiker what ? you can not just leave I out here in the middle of nowhere . ian you already be out here in the middle of nowhere . really . I wish I could , but it 's my brother 's car and I can not take any chance . he lean into Ian 's open window and give Ian a crazy look . hitchhiker I be only gonna say this one time . unlock that fuckin’ door or , god as my witness , I ’1ll chop you up into little tiny piece . felicia go , Ian . just go ! Ian throw the car in gear and lay on the gas . the car lurch forward about two foot before stop hard and stalling out . Ian and Felicia bounce off the dash . the hitchhiker step back to Ian 's window . Ian turn the key . nothing . after a beat , the hitchhiker crack up . hitchhiker ha ! that 's funny ! serve you little pecker right ! he walk away , laugh . Ian breathes a sigh of relief but a second later the hitchhiker burst back into Ian 's face . hitchhiker ( cont 'd ) oh ! and here 's that piss you order ! he piss all over the side of the car . Ian frantically roll up the window . he give they double finger as he walk away , down the road . ext . country road - later title : a hour and a half later Ian , Felicia and lance be lean against the car , sweat in the heat . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. felicia God , it 's hot out here . ian how can nobody go down a road for a hour and a half ? why do they even make this road ? I can not believe I let you talk I into take the judge . ohhh , what the hell be I think ? lance dude , just relax . ian oh , right . relax . my brother 's car have hitchhiker piss all over the door and we piss in the radiator and strawberry shake in the vent ! what be I suppose to tell rex , that I accidental drive it through a cornfield !? you know rex be insane , right ? Ian start walk away . felicia where you go ? ian I be go for help . I be not stand around here all day wait for the hitchhiker piss to eat away the paint . lance wait up , I ' 1ll go with you . ian no , just stay with the car . lance why do not you go with he ? Felicia watch Ian go , decide if she should join he . ext . country road - two mile ahead - later Ian and Felicia walk silently down the road . Ian keep check he phone - no bar . Felicia smile at he . he turn to she . the word hot be imprint mirror image in he forehead from the radiator cap . Felicia crack up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library % + HH HH + HH HH hk 55 . felicia oh my god , you head . I be sorry . do it hurt ? ian yes. fuckin 's lance . felicia yeah . lance . ( beat ) still , that be some pretty badass drive back there , luke Duke . ian really ? thanks . she smile at he ; then she notice something down the road . felicia dude . what 's that ? ian whoa . they squint with curiosity and move toward whatever it be . ext . country road - a few mile back a buggy draw by two horse clop up next to the judge . ezekiel , a amish man in he late-twenty , step out of the buggy . ezekiel do not speak with any noticeable accent . ezekiel need some help ? lance yeah , but ... I mean , all due respect there , champ . ezekiel oh , right . I be amish . so I probably would not know anything about you 69 gto judge 427 Big block with Ram Air 6 pack and 4/10 posi . well , good luck with you new - fangle horseless carriage there , English . the buggy start to pull away . lance no. dude , wait ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. ext . country road - mile ahead - later Felicia and Ian smile in awe as they arrive at a massive tree alongside the road . it be cover with shoe of every shape , size and color , each dangle by its lace . it 's a oddly breathtaking sight in the set sun . ian wow . cool . felicia it 's beautiful . take my picture . Ian snap a picture of she with he phone , then start walk again . Felicia remain behind . Ian turn . she take off she shoe and start tie they together . ian no. bad idea . you do not know how far we have to walk . seriously , you be go to regret this ... she fling she shoe into the tree . ian ( cont ’d ) I can not believe you just do that . felicia now you . ian no way . felicia oh come on , Ian . you never do anything crazy . ian hey , I be drive halfway across the country just to -- um . felicia to visit you grandma ? yeah , you be a madman . trust I . do it . it 's feel great and you 's 1ll always remember this moment . ian I have rather remember have really good arch support . she smile at he , still encourage he to do it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. ian ( cont ’d ) no . you know what 's gonna happen ? you be gonna cut you foot open on a break bottle or something and then I 'il have to rush you to the emergency room where you will get seventeen stitches and a staph infection . then you be dead . but it be worth it because you shoe be in a tree . felicia I will be fine . I like be barefoot . she stubbornly walk on . int . buggy - later Ian and ezekiel ride in the buggy , which be towing the judge . lance so , he meet she on the internet and -- ezekiel the internet ? lance oh . you see , the internet be a bunch of computer that be -- ezekiel Computers ? lance right . Computers be like big calculator with picture -- ezekiel hey , I be kid . I know what the internet be . you ever hear of rumspringa ? lance be it anything like a roll brown out ? ezekiel no . it mean , '' run wild . '' it 's a amish tradition where , when we turn sixteen , we can go live like you heathen for a while . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. ezekiel ( cont 'd ) Cars , movie , video game , booze , scrabble , you name it . lance you guy can not even play scrabble ? ezekiel nope . apparently , triple word score lead to pride . anyway , you go nut and party for a few month or year , until you folk start hassling you and then it 's back to the stone age . lance so if you be on rumspringa , why the buggy ? ezekiel I be not . iwas . for five year - a village record . but not anymore . I should not even be talk to you . lance whoa . so what do you miss most ? ezekiel hmm . lot of thing . I miss sarcasm . it 's mostly lose on my people . gambling . go to Vegas once ... ( after a long beat ) oh. buttfuck . get some real nice memory there . ext . country road - further down Ian and Felicia be walk away from the tree . a truck be come ! Ian step into the road and wave he arm . the truck slow down and stop a hundred foot past they . they run for it . ian hey ! thanks ! we be just -- the hitchhiker lean out the passenger window and give they double finger . hitchhiker have a nice walk , shitbird ! the truck peel out , pelting Ian and Felicia with gravel . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . ian shiiiiiiit ! as the dust settles , Ian and Felicia hear horse hoof behind they . they turn to see ezekiel and lance clopping toward they , towing the judge . as they near , we hear ezekiel continue he list of what he miss . ezekiel ...- shroom . use to do ton of shroom . Whisky dick . have not have that in a while . loanshark ... lance Ian , Felicia ! this be my boy ezekiel . ezekiel what up , English ? Ian and Felicia just look dumbfounded . int . myspace cyber rave Ian appear before tasty but this time he 's fuzzy and crackle - he signal be not so strong . ms . tasty hey ! where be you ? I be so excited to see you . ian yeah . I do not think I be gonna make it tonight . I be make a little pit stop to party with some friend I make along the way . ms . tasty Ian , you say tonight . I could have go to Virginia beach with my friend . I stay behind for you . ian come on , do not hassle it . i’11l be there tomorrow . let 's say six - the same shakey 's ? trust I - I be worth the wait . now , I gotta go , I be lose my signal . ms . tasty okay . tomorrow then . do not be late ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. ian peace . Ian crackle and fade out . int . amish barn - evening Ian put he phone back in he pocket and walk over to lance , Felicia , ezekiel and the judge . a bunch of amish kid be work on a few lesser muscle car . some dress like secular kid ; some wear traditional amish clothes . they be all excited to see the judge . jeremiah , a young rumspringa kid , pull the oil dipstick out and show it to Ian . jeremiah you see that creamy stuff ? you blow you head - gasket . not good . ian shit . ezekiel we can fix that . ian really ? oh , man . thanks ! ezekiel no worry . this guy be stoke just to get a look at a sixty - nine judge . gonna take a couple hour . jeremiah there 's a party come together next door . you guy be welcome to hang out over there while we work on this . ext . rumspringa party - evening Ian , lance and Felicia walk up to the barn . ian something tell I this party be gonna suck . lance I do not know . ezekiel make it sound like this rumspringa thing be pretty sick . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. felicia right . I be sure it 's gonna be a one rad quilting bee . they round the corner to see a beer truck unload several keg . lance point to a park tour bus . the door open and the member of foo fighter pile out . Dave grohl nod to they on he way by . felicia ( cont ’d ) no f-ing way . int . rumspringa party - night foo fighter be rock the shit out of '' all my life . '' hundred of amish , age sixteen to nineteen ( dress in degree from all amish to all English ) be dance , mosh , drink , smoking , take rip off bong , etc . a wet T-shirt contest be happen in one corner . it 's like entourage in the boondock . dave grohl ( scream sing ) do , do and on to the next one ! do , do and on to the next one ! lance , Ian and Felicia be mosh and have a blast . ian this be insane ! the band slow down and play the acoustic version of '' everlong . '' lance look around , take it all in . suddenly , he 's thunderstruck by the sight of the hot girl ever bear amish . she and she friend enter the barn in slow motion . she 's dress English but she have the kind of natural , make - up - free beauty that would make most woman want to punch she in the head . lance be smitten . Felicia take discontented notice of this . Ian take he own discontented notice of Felicia 's reaction . lance cross to she . tian and Felicia watch as lance fearlessly launch he open line . the girl smile , say one thing to he and then turn back to the band . lance timidly make he way back to Ian and Felicia . ian ( cont ’d ) do you even get she name ? lance not unless she name be '' go fuck yourself . '' I think I be in love . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. ian I be gonna go check on the car . Ian walk out . lance hey , Felicia . dance ? felicia forget it . I be not gonna be you consolation prize . lance come on . do not be hatin’ . lance pull she arm . she can not hide she smile . int . amish barn - night Ian enter . the judge be now in piece all over the floor of the barn . ezekiel , jeremiah and three other guy sift through the part . Ian start to freak out . ian Holy shit ! Holy shit , you guy ! what the hell !? why be the seat out !? oh , I be dead . I be a dead man . my brother 's go to lop my nut off ! Jesus Christ ! ezekiel dude , settle down . we can fix it . jeremiah and we would appreciate it if you do not take the Lord 's name in vain . ian be you shitting I !? int . rumspringa party - night Ian stomp in , look for he friend . he spot they slow dance together . this bother he more than he would have guess . he look away but can not help but torture himself by watch they dance . lance say something that make Felicia laugh . she lay she head on he chest and smile . dave grohl if everything could ever feel this real forever ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library finally Ian turn and walk out . Felicia have now settle into the dance . she smile blissfully . the amish girl look over . lance check it out . it 's work . lance ( cont 'd ) ( be : amish girl ) look at she . she be in . you be the best wingman ever . watch this . 63 . the song kick in heavier . Felicia hide she humiliation as she take a step back . lance walk away . he pass the amish girl , she stop he and he kick - in he game . walk out . ext . rumspringa party - night Felicia Ian sit on a hay bail , depressed , alone and nursing he beer . Felicia sit down next to he , look equally sad . felicia be the car ready ? can we go ? ian I be go to be ritually murder . and I deserve it . you know what ? here 's a little tip to take with you . if you ever have car trouble - do not go to the amish . you want a barn raise , or foo fighter to play a show out in the middle of fuck nowhere , apparently the amish be you hook -up . but car repair - not so much . Ian turn to she . she look possibly more upset than he . ian ( cont ’d ) what ? what 's wrong with you ? felicia nothing . I be fine . ian lance , right ? he 's in there with that amish girl and you be ... felicia wrong . but thanks for play . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. Ian 's not in the mood to do he usual sweet boy routine . ian leesh , why do not you just drop the hard ass thing for once . it 's okay . you be into lance . felicia right . he 's a shallow , pretty - boy , player . I be so not into that . she look at Ian , he can see right through she . her expression turn sad and vulnerable . she hang she head . felicia ( cont ’d ) you must think I be such a idiot . ian you be not a idiot . people like lance . I like lance . Ian offer a cautious hug that be at first awkward , but Felicia 's guard come down and she cry on he shoulder . felicia promise I , you will never be like lance . I mean , I know he like to give you advice but you be the only truly good person I know . do not let he contaminate you , okay ? Ian look a bit ashamed . ian dude , what 's wrong with we ? there 's a kick ass amish hash bash go on twenty foot away . come on . let 's go have some fun . felicia no . you go ahead . Ian speak in the quiet sing - song way that one might use to cheer up a child with offer of ice cream . ian I bet they have crack in there . would you like some amish crack ? would that make you feel better ? I be sure the donkey show be come up . I bet if you be good , they 's 1l let you have sex with it . do not that sound nice ? donkey love ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library % * +h hk 65 . finally she laugh . int . rumspringa party - later Ian and Felicia be dance and laugh and get waste . montage through the night as they down more and more drink and get crazy with the amish . at one point Ian even stage dive and get body - pass over the crowd . meanwhile , lance and mary , the amish beauty , dance and hang out together . fade to black . int . judge - day Pov - from the back seat : Ian be drive alone , look surly as he sail past the other car on the highway . Ian lift a messy burger to he face . ketchup , mustard and mayo drip on to the seat . he take a huge gulp off he soda and toss the half - full cup into the back seat . Ian pick he nose and rub it on the ceiling of the car . he hold up a gay porn mag , let the centerfold unfurl . he look at the sexy naked man , unaware that railroad gate be lowering ahead . Ian turn and look straight into the camera , laugh maniacally . the train start crossing . at the split second that we be about to hit the train ... rex ( in bed ) sit up hard , waking from this nightmare in a ... int . HOTEL room - night rex huff and puff and orient himself . he leap out of bed , dig the key box out of he jeans and open it . empty ! rex ian ! GOD damn it ! ext . amish barn - morning the open field be fill with car and camper . kid sleep everywhere - in the vehicle , in the barn and right on the ground . Ian wake to find that he 's lie in the bed of a pick - up truck . lance be sprawle out in the cab . Ian sit up and rub he pound head . Felicia be limping toward he , still barefoot , a pain expression on she face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66. ian ugh . my head hurt . but my foot feel spectacular . so , cozy . like they be wrap in baby bunny . felicia mine too . she stubbornly correct she walk and expression but she foot be a mess - cut , blister and filthy . ian leesh , you be dance barefoot for like four hour last night . look at you foot . felicia I be fine , pussyfoot . ian Fine , you be tough but you big toe look like yoda 's nut . he 's get five , you know . lance sit up in the cab , groggy and rub he messy hair . he lean through the open back window . lance hey . so , what 's the plan ? ian I might as well call rex so he can get on with kill I . felicia what about visit you grandma ? lance yeah , Ian . you have be put off ' visit grandma 's for way too long . it 's time you ‘visit grandma . 's ian I do wanna ... you know - ' visit grandma 's but rex be gonna kill I . lance he 's go to kill you either way . we be halfway there . I can not stress enough how much you 'il enjoy ' visit grandma . 's trust I . I ‘visit my grandma 's all the time and it 's pretty fuck awesome . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67. Felicia be a little confuse by Ian and lance 's code talk . ian lance , what be I suppose to do ? we transportation be all over the floor of that barn . vrooooom !!! they all turn to see the judge pull out of the barn . it 's more powerful and tune than ever . the amish grease monkey look spend but triumphant . ezekiel jump out of the judge . ian ( cont ’d ) dude . you fix it ? ezekiel we hit a few snag but she 's bangin’ like a champ now . you should know though , we could not get we hand on the right carburetor so jeremiah whittle one for you . ian really ? that 's amazing . ezekiel I be just fuck with you , dude . lance spot Mary walk with two girlfriend . they be all in traditional amish dress and bonnet . Mary even look hot in this . lance run over to she . lance hey ! Mary ! wait up . she break rank with she friend and step to lance with a gorgeous smile . lance ( cont 'd ) you look beautiful . mary yeah right . please . this be unflatter by design . lance still , you make it hot somehow . seriously . you wear that , churn some butter . be you kid I ? ( sing ) sexy . she laugh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68. lance ( cont 'd ) so , listen , I have the best time with you last night . mary yeah , I too . lance you be go to call I , right ? mary um ... no. lance no? mary lance . rumspringa 's over for I . lance look devastate . meanwhile , a short distance away , Ian speak to ezekiel . ian so you guy be up all night ? I do not know what to say . I do not really have a lot of money . ezekiel ahh , we be good . the opportunity to help a neighbor - that 's a gift . ian wow . thank you . ezekiel of course , if you feel like you have to reciprocate in some way , there 's plenty of chore that need do . ian ooohh . we be kind of behind schedule , but can we hit you on we way back through ? ezekiel ( guilt-tripp ) sure , sure . you probably should get go . I mean , hey , you have get a smooth -run vehicle now ... you know - because we fix it . ian but we be good ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . ezekiel sure , we be good . technically . ian I mean it . we will come back . I promise . ezekiel look forward to it . ian no , seriously . we will . ezekiel of course . should I hold my breath ? Ian stand there . not sure how to take the sarcasm . int . the judge - day Ian drive down the highway . Felicia ride shotgun . lance sit in back , look depressed . lance I have never meet anyone like she . this suck full ass . felicia I would not worry about it . in fifteen minute , you probably will not even remember she name . lance do not say that . do not say that . this girl be really special . felicia lance . listen to yourself . people want what they can not get . remember you little theory ? forbidden fruit - that 's all she be . lance no . this be different . Mary and I make some kind of cosmic , spiritual connection . it 's real and it 's beautiful and it 's awesome as fuck . Ian 's phone start vibrate . ian cool . I get a signal . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70. he squint at the screen . it read , '' 22 new message . '' ian ( cont ’d ) oh , shit . Ian call he voice-mail . we hear what he 's listen to : rex ( v.o. ) ian !! if you take my fucking car you be fucking dead !! where the hell be you !? ( nice ) call I . Ian erase the message . beep ! rex ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) pick up the phone , fuckhead ! I ’m gonna pop you fuckin 's ball !! Ian erase this message too . beep ! rex ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) GOD damn it , ian ! yyou -- beep ! rex ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) okay . if you call I back , I will not kill you . no ! fuck that ! you 're a fuckin 's corpse ! where the fuck be you !? shit !!! beep ! ron ( v.o. ) Ian , ron . I need my sefor donut costume back , pronto . so , get it -- beep ! rex ( v.o. ) you faggot ass motherf -- beep ! rex ( cont 'd ) aaaaggh !! shit !!! Ian hang up . he look catatonic . felicia what ? what be it ? ian rex . he know I take he car . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71. felicia so ? you be go to visit you grandma . he ’1ll understand that . ian I do not think so . Ian 's phone ring . lance do not answer it . they sit and listen to it ring . ian oh , shit . I be so dead . lance not yet . stay strong , buddy . you know what you need ? a corn dog ! he point to a small carnival set up in grocery store parking * lot off the interstate . * ian we do not have time for corn dog . lance we get ton of time . you be not meeting she for six hour . you grandma , I mean . come on . corn dog ! cooooorn doooog ! ext . carnival - picnic table - day Ian and lance sit at a picnic table . lance have he head in he hand . a group of hot girl go by . ian can you believe the girl around here ? lance do not even react . ian ( cont ’d ) lance . you gotta pull it together . I need you help to get this thing do . you be no good to I if you be act like ...me. lance oh , man . I be act like you , be not I ? ball . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72. lance ( cont 'd ) ( then ) but where be I ever gonna find another girl as cool as Mary ? Ian motion toward Felicia , who 's get the food . ian what about Felicia ? lance what about she ? ian dude . she 's into you . lance yeah , I know . ian you know ? so ? what be she - not good enough ? lance Felicia 's awesome . but you like she . ian what ? no . we be just friend . lance dude. ( oh , please ) ian seriously . we grow up together . I do not ... like , like she . lance again - dude . ian well , she 's not into I anyway . lance do not matter . I still would not do that to you . ( then ) but you do know she 's not into you , right ? ian yeah . well , I mean , except we have this pledge that if we be both not marry when we be thirty ... it 's actually kind of cute , we just -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. lance no . it 's not cute . it 's bullshit . it 's never gonna happen , so do not fuck yourself up wait for she . ian I know . but sometimes she -- lance Ian , I be only say this as you friend . never . okay ? you be she friend . that 's like quicksand . there 's no digging you way out of friend -sand . she already know all you bullshit . I bet you have even cry in front of she before , have not you ? Ian look down . guilty as charge . lance ( cont 'd ) oh , fuck I . well , there you go . you know what every chick I have ever bone have in common ? I be not friend with any of they . ian ( shaking it off ) yeah . well , what do I care , right ? I get Ms. tasty to look forward to . lance fuckin 's A. let 's keep the focus on you ball in she mouth . Felicia return with the food . she sit down next to Ian . there 's a uncomfortable silence . felicia what ? ext . carnival - midway - later Ian , lance and Felicia walk though the midway . Felicia point to a carnival game . it 's a short rope ladder at a slight incline . everyone who try to scale it , flip the ladder over , landing in a pile of hay . ian you think I can do it ? felicia no way . that game be so rig . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74. Ian give the barker a five and scale the ladder effortlessly . the buzzer go off , attract a crowd . the carny begrudgingly hand Ian a massive lollypop . lance and Felicia cheer and clap . felicia ( cont ’d ) wow ! that 's amazing ! ian we have one of this at Boy scout camp . I kinda master it . Ian hand the lollypop to Felicia . she smile and glow until a gorgeous teen girl step up to Ian . mandy wear a skin tight shirt and a short red skirt . mandy hey . what 's you secret ? she smile as she hand she money to the carny and mount the ladder . Felicia look slightly jealous as all of Ian 's attention shift to Mandy . ian just hold all you weight on you leave hand and you right foot . she hold she shaky position , she skirt be so short that , as she bend , she thong be expose . Ian gulp . ian ( cont ’d ) now shift both at the same time . she take a step , wobble , flip over and land on she back . she smile at Ian , who help she up . Felicia be annoyed . mandy oh , well . I be Mandy . ian ian. ( big smile ) mandy you have get great balance , Ian . lance step in , act as wingman . lance well , what do you expect from a Olympic snowboarder ? mandy no way . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library + HH * 75 . lance Way . lance covertly yank the lollypop out of Felicia 's hand and tap it against Ian 's arm , encourage he to give it to Mandy . Ian do . she smile as she accept it . mandy thanks . wow . I be sorry , I gotta go . my dance troop be perform at the AIM tent in a few minute . you should come watch . felicia well , actually we be just ... lance definitely . he will be front row center . Mandy give one more cute smile before she bop away . int . show tent - later a stage be set up at one end ; hundred of people sit in fold chair face it . Ian , Felicia and lance take seat ( in that order ) in the front row . Felicia check she watch . felicia do we really have time for this , Tan ? lance elbow she and they speak sotto , away from Ian . lance stop do that . felicia do what ? lance twat block Ian . felicia I be not tw ... do that . loud techno music kick in and the side flap of the tent drop , make it very dark inside . on stage a elaborate light show illuminate a line of young , beautiful girl who perform a sexy hip - hop dance routine . a huge video screen behind they show crazy graphic of fun activity and extreme sport over a '' AIM '' logo . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library % + HH hf * % + eh 76 . the dancer be join by tad , a cool Ryan seacrest type with a microphone . he bust out some dance move of he own as the routine 's finale . tad what up , yo !? I be call tad jawarski ! the crowd go nut . tad ( cont 'd ) yo ! where my first victim at ? the crowd laugh . tad ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's get a volunteer up in here ! Mandy wave to Ian . he wave back . tad see he hand go up . tad ( cont 'd ) yeah , boy ! get on up here , dog ! the spotlight hit Ian . Mandy jump for joy that Ian volunteer . Ian try to wave they off but Mandy and the dancer come down and pull he to the stage . the crowd cheer . lance and Felicia cheer the loudest . Ian now stand center stage with tad . Ian smile like a idiot , unaware when the video screen behind he change to a logo that read , '' AIM - abstinence in motion ! '' lance and Felicia 's jaw drop . they look at one another and crack up . on stage , Ian be oblivious . the dancer dance all around he and he 's digging it , even half - dance along with they . the music finally stop and tad put a arm around Ian . tad ( cont 'd ) what 's you name , gangsta ? ian um , Ian . Ian lafferty . tad tell I something , Ian . be you ready to get you pledge on !? the music kick in and tad dance . Ian be confuse . lance and Felicia can barely watch . ian um ... I do not know . what be we -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library % + eh + HH HH % 77 . tad you do not know !? he do not know , y'all ! the crowd boo playfully . tad ( cont 'd ) Ian , I have like you to meet my friend , Steve . the screen change to a black and white clinical photo of a man 's deform , pock genital . we see it for just a second as tad turn Ian around , then he head block it . Ian gasp , along with the audience . this be not what he expect . tad ( cont 'd ) how ' bout that , dog ? ian ( baffle ) uh ... I , I do not ... uh ... tad now meet some more of my homy . Close on Ian 's mortify face . the light change on he face , indicate each new horror . each image elicit a gasp from the crowd . tad turn Ian back around , stunne . tad ( cont 'd ) how old be you , bro ? ian eighteen . tad and you be a virgin ? ian what ? um ... tad you do not wanna turn out like my boy from the picture do you ? ian no. tad then let 's hear you pledge ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * % + HH hf * 78. the girl start dance around he . Ian 's head be spin . bam ! with a blast of light and sound - silence . a single spotlight hit they . ian ( sotto to tad ) pledge what ? tad lean in and speak off the mic . tad I get a long day ahead of I . do not jerk I around , kid . he put the mic back in Ian 's face . tad ( cont 'd ) do - you - pledge ? ian um ... okay . I guess I pledge . lance throw up he hand in disgust . the crowd go wild . tad I be proud of you ! keep a wrinkle in it , dog ! the dancer lead Ian out the back of the stage . ext . show tent Ian exit through a flap at the back of the tent , look shell - shocked . lance and Felicia sprint around the outside of the tent , laugh . lance I can not believe you just take a abstinence pledge ! ian I do not ! felicia you do too ! right in front of God and everybody ! you pledge ! ian I do not even know what he be talk about ! that do not count , do it ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library % + eh lance that be hilarious ! Mandy come around the corner . mandy Ian ! you do it ! oh so proud of you . Ian squirm out of she grasp . ian Jesus ! get away from what you do here ? go with geek like I so they into you little club ? mandy 79 . she trot up and hug Ian . my gosh , I be I ! be this out and flirt you can lure abstinence Ian . it 's not like that . ian just go away . lance step up and put a supportive hand on Ian 's shoulder . Mandy step away , then stop and turn to glare at Ian . mandy I would have blow you , you know . felicia wow. lance ouch . mandy and you can keep you flipping lollypop ! stupid Mandy fire the huge lollypop at Ian but it miss he , crack Felicia in the tooth , knock she backward to the ground . Felicia touch she hand to she mouth and see that it 's bleed . she scramble to she foot . felicia oh , you be dead , psycho-virgin ! Felicia go after Mandy but lance and Ian hold she back . Mandy run away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library * eee % % + eh % 80 . int . the judge - day lance drive . Ian sit with Felicia in the back seat . he hold a cloth to she mouth with one hand and work he phone with the other , look for a dental list . ian there 's a dentist at the next exit . lance you sure you want to get dental work do in kentucky ? felicia my toof id break ! just get we there . Ian check he watch . felicia ( cont ’d ) I be thorry I be make you late for you grandma . ian no. God . this be all my fault . felicia id 's really thweet how you be so worried about she . you be a good guy , Ian . Ian and lance exchange shame glance in the rear-view . ian yeah , well ... try not bleed on the seat . rex be gonna kill I enough . ext . ian 's STREET - day Ian 's neighborhood be peaceful and desert . the chirp of song bird be gradually drown out by a high pitched buzz . rex speed down the street on a dirtbike . as he near he house , he lock up the brake . before the bike stop , he coolly step off , let it ghost ride for a few yard before it lay down , spin and sparking to a stop . rex run up to the garage and pull it up manually . before it clear he eye , he take a deep , hopeful breath . he open it the rest of the way . no judge . rex motherfuckin 's bitch -ass cocksucker ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library a * * % eee % 81 . rex pitch a tantrum for the age . he violently shake the garage door , tear it off it 's rail . it lower enough for he to start kick it . he break it . he reach inside and pull out Ian 's bike and start slamm it against the driveway . once out of steam , he stomp down the driveway and across the street . as he cross , he hold up a '' halt '' hand . offsccreen we hear a car go into a shriek skid . rex be unfaze as he march up Felicia 's driveway . the car roll by behind he . rex arrive on Felicia 's porch . he ring the bell and seethes and swear under he breath while he wait . Felicia 's mother open the door . his face instantly transition to sweet and neighborly . she smile back . felicia 's mother why , hello rex . how be thing ? rex good , good . listen , Mrs. Alpine , be Felicia here by any chance ? felicia 's mother oh no , hon , she and Ian and that lance go on a little road trip . rex really . a road trip . Super . any idea where they might be head ? felicia 's mother you know , I wanna say she say something about knoxville but I can not be sure . be that helpful ? rex you bet it be . thanks much , Mrs. A. felicia 's mother oh , not at all . my pleasure . you have a good day , now . the second the door close , rex return to fury . he turn and stomp back toward he house . in the wide shot we see a neighbor water he yard next door . neighbor hey , knievel ! what 's say you get you bike out of the freakin’ road ! rex do not break stride ; he just turn hard leave , redirecting right at the neighbor . ( think terminator 2 ) the man start to backpedal and then run as rex close in . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library + h hk % 82 . ext . dental office parking lot - day the judge pull into the lot . Ian open he door , he get out and pull the seat up for Felicia . she step out and start limping toward the office . Ian pick she up . felicia whad be you do ? pud I down ! my foot be fine . ian shut up . you be so stubborn . he carry she across the parking lot in slow motion . she relent and settles in . a old woman who be exite smile and hold the door for they . tian carry Felicia in . int . dental office waiting room - day this be a po-dunk dental office in rural kentucky . several painting of clown adorn the wall . a magazine rack feature people , we , Oprah and gun & ammo . Felicia sit in a chair , hold she mouth with one hand and toweling off she foot with the other . Ian stand at reception , rattling off a text message while he wait : '' tasty . running a little behind . need a couple more hour . better make it 8 pm . c-u -soon . - ian . '' a half - awake receptionist with very bad tooth , return to hand Ian some form . she speak in a thick southern accent . receptionist do y’all know you writin’ and you ABC 's and such ? ian um. yeah . receptionist good . just fill out this , this , this , this , and this . Dr. jasper will be with y’all present-like . Ian return to Felicia with the clipboard . he sit next to she and hand she the form . felicia okay . Fine . you be righd . my foot be kill I . I should not have toss my shoe . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83. ian no , come on . I love that you do that . that 's premium Felicia . she smile , then try to fill in she name on a form but she hand shake . Ian set he phone down on the coffee table and take the clipboard . he start to fill the form for she . ian ( cont ’d ) you want I to put you dad 's address down too ? felicia yeah . it 's four twenty one -- ian I know . four twenty one , twin oak , rockford , six one one oh ( think for a beat ) seven . Felicia smile . ian ( cont ’d ) and you be allergic to amoxicillin but nothing else , right ? she nod . push in on Felicia 's face as she realize that this be the one person who truly know everything about she . Ian be oblivious to the moment she be have . ian ( cont ’d ) I think the only thing you would check in the list be migraine headaches ( she nod ) and the herpes , of course . she laugh and slug he playfully in the arm . dr . jasper ( 0.s. ) Felicia Alpine ? Felicia gather up some of she thing and place they in she purse as she stand to greet the dentist . she 's be relieved to see that Dr. jasper do not look like a hayseed . he look like a kind , ethical doctor in he mid forty . dr . jasper ( cont ’d ) now , what be we do today ? Felicia remove she hand from she face and open up . Doctor jasper push she lower tooth down with the side of he index finger , revealing that he knuckle and hand be ridiculously hairy ! Felicia wince as the dentist probe he wolfman finger around in she mouth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84. dr . jasper ( cont ’d ) hmmm . some hot and cold sensitivity ? uh , huh ? Felicia close she mouth and try to spit out a hair . the doctor turn to Ian . dr . jasper ( cont ’d ) what have you do to she ? ian what ? dr . jasper you slap she around ? she get out of line and you crack she one ? you think that make you a big man ? ian no . I do not , I - - dr . jasper ha! gotcha ! ha , ha . you should have see you face . '' no ! I do not I , I , I ! '' oh , funny . he crack up . Ian and Felicia try to laugh along . dr . jasper ( cont ’d ) he do not though , do he ? int . dental office operatory Felicia sit in the dental chair . Ian sit in a chair nearby . Dr. jasper be just finish give she a shot . dr . jasper I all just give you a few minute to numb up . be right back . he exit . Ian smile . she smile back with she half tooth . the novocaine cause she to slur more and more throughout the scene . felicia Ian . you know last spring at Darren hume 's bonfire ? ian hmmm . um ... be I there ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85. felicia Ian , please . you know the only reason ... be because I do not ever want to ruin we friendship . ian totally . friendship be ... awesome . yeah . friendship . good call . felicia I do not know what I have do if I ever lose you , Ian . she squeeze he hand . ian you will not . felicia ( half -jok ) I do not know . maybe I should have just kiss you back that night . they regard one another for a long awkward beat . Ian try to decide if she 's serious . he laugh nervously . a string of drool drop from she numb lip . ian oh. um . you get a little ... loogie . felicia oh God ! she grab she bib and wipe she face . the doctor return . ian you know what ? I x11 just be out there . yeah . good. okay . ext . dental office parking lot - later the office be in a small strip mall next to a gas station convenience store . Ian come out of the convenience store with a bag of stuff . he cross to the judge . the passenger door be open . lance sit in the passenger seat with he foot on the ground and he head in he hand . Ian arrive with a smile and a spring in he step . lance what 's with you ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. ian I be think maybe we head back . lance why ? ian well , Felicia and I be just talk in there and , I do not know , we kinda have a moment . lance a moment ? oh shit , Ian . I know she be gonna do this . she see you with that chick and now she 's tightening you leash . she 's just afraid to lose the undivide attention of the one guy who always listen to she problem . ian no . we be really connect in there and she ... lance Ian , you see the punk she date . I be sorry but she do not want a guy like you . she want to take some dark , brood asshole and turn he into a guy like you . ian what if you be wrong ? lance I be not wrong . I be right . and I be not go to let she fuck this up for you . we be go to knoxville and you be gonna get you nut . ian whatever , lance . I be gonna text tasty and tell she I be not come . Ian reach into he pocket . no phone . just then , Felicia emerge from the office . she stop to check she fix tooth in she reflection in the window . she then march out to the judge . she toss Ian he phone . ian ( cont 'd ) oh , good . you have it . here , I get you something . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87. he hand Felicia the bag . she take it but do not bother to look inside . felicia a message come in . you grandma 's pretty excited to see you . wet even . she 's think about you hand on she body . sound ' tasty . 's Felicia toss the bag onto the floor of the front seat and then climb into the back and sit , look petulant . Ian wilt . lance pat Ian on the back before climb in . lance good deal . let 's go to knoxville . ext . highway on - ramp - evening the judge be pull onto hwy 75 - North . felicia ( v.o. ) Ian . you be go the wrong way . ian ( v.o. ) we be go home . int . the judge felicia what ? no , no , no . do not turn around because of I . I be die to see Ms. tasty . this be gonna be hilarious . she 's probably a guy . ian so you snooped around in my phone . that 's a total violation . lance he 's violate . felicia hey , you be the one tell lie about grandmas and cancer . lance that be a bit much . ian okay , I be sorry . I be embarrassed and I know you have make fun of I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. felicia of course . how could I not ? you tell she you play football at northwestern !? I mean , Jesus Ian . lance you tell she that ? that 's bold . felicia and that text message be soooo dickish . I can not believe she even invite you when you come off like such a a-hole . lance hold on - she invite he out because he come off like such a a - hole . dude get that part right . felicia I can not believe you guy . ian look , I say we be go home . lance oh , man . I know you have find a way to bitch out on this . felicia yeah , Ian . you obviously steal rex 's car and drive halfway across the country . this must be what you want . so go do it , chicken shit . lance fuckin 's a , chicken shit . ian Fine ! you do not think I 'il do it !? I will fuckin’ do it ! i’11 turn this car around and go pork that girl right now ! be that what you want ? felicia yeah , Ian . that 's what I want . suddenly he crank the wheel . they drive full speed into the grassy median . they slide sideways onto the other side of the highway and head back south . lance sweet ! now step on it . we can still make it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . although she push for it , Felicia be not as happy . she lie down in the back seat , look terribly sad . cue : '' teenager ( scare the live shit out of I ) '' by my Chemical romance . the judge move down the highway as the sun lower in the sky . Ian pass several car . he look over at the car to he leave - the pimp out Honda ( that have toss the milkshake earlier ) be back and edging by he . tian 's have enough . he glare back and jump on the gas . Felicia sit up . felicia what be you do ? do not race he . that 's ridiculous . ian ( try to be tough ) it 's gonna be ridiculous how much I win because I be drive faster than he be . the car race neck and neck . Ian 's speedometer creep up . Ian must fall back to pass a slower car in the right lane . he try to pass the Honda but it weave back and forth , not let he in . he finally get a open and tuck in . they be again neck and neck . Ian start to pull away . ian ( cont ’d ) yeah , that 's right , fucker . the Honda slow down , let Ian blast away . lance he 's tagging out ! wooo ! Ian and lance five one another . felicia ian ! look out ! a fox be walk across the highway ! Ian slam on the break but the car smack it . all triumph fall from Ian 's face , replace by desperate regret . ian oh , no ! oh , no ! ext . country highway - evening the judge screech to a halt . Ian leap out and run back , look around frantically . Felicia get out and follow . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90. Cars and truck occasionally woosh by . Ian find the animal on the shoulder . he drop to he knee , he eye tear up . ian God damn it . what be you do ? oh , shit man . shit . Felicia sit down nearby , watch Ian 's emotional response . he 's genuinely a wreck over what he have do . push in on Felicia as she heart go out to he . she tear up . lance take it easy , bro . it be not you fault . the thing run right out -- ian just shut up , okay !? of course it 's my fault ! lance okay . but , dude , Ms. tasty - we gotta keep move . ian he 's not dead , lance ! I be not just gonna leave he out here suffer all by himself . lance okay . you be right . lance go back to the car and return with a tire -iron . he walk up next to Ian and raise it over he head . Ian turn to lance , deadly serious . he push lance away . ian do not fuckin’ touch he ! lance Jesus Christ , man ! I be just gonna put he out of he misery so we can go already . Felicia be appal by lance 's inability to be affect by this . ian fuck you ! you do not give a shit about he ! Ian grab the tire iron , return to the animal and kneel before it , raise the tool over he head . his hand shake . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library gl. ian ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Ian hit it hard , stand , and walk away with he face in he hand . after a beat : felicia um ... Ian ? Ian turn , exasperate to see the fox be still alive . he return and swing two more time . again , he walk away in agony . Felicia clear she throat - still alive . ian Jesus ! Ian drag himself back and swing again . lance Boy , he 's really hang in there . Ian lose it , beat it severely . as he do , he 's bath in red and blue flash light . ian God damn it ! I be try to help you out , here ! why will not you just die , for fuck sake !? he raise the tire iron once more but stop as he notice a cop stand in front of he . int . police station - night Ian and lance be be lead down the hall by the cop . ian I swear I do not know it be a endangered species . lance the vet say there 's a good chance it might pull through . cop # 1 you better hope so . int . jail cell the hold cell be modern and industrial with bright fluorescent light and a single steel toilet . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library a % 92 . the bench be occupy by six other captive who await bail or arraignment . Ian be scared shitless and it show . lance ( sotto to Ian ) dude . man up . they think you be shittin’ you pants , they 's 1ll fuck with you . Ian do a terrible impersonation of a tough guy . after a beat , a man roll up on lance , posture like he mean harm . prisoner # 1 yo , man -- lance whoa ! sit you ass the fuck back down or you and I - we be gonna have a fuckin’ problem ! the guy back off . prisoner # 1 shit , man . chill . damn . he sit . Ian can not believe what he just see . lance give he a look , '' see what I mean ? '' a moment later , a man on Ian 's side be tapping on he own watch . he notice Ian be wear a watch . he stand to approach Ian . prisoner # 2 Excuse I . what -- ian yo ! back that shit up , bitch ! whap !!! the guy lay Ian out . prisoner # 2 all I want be the goddamn time . ian ( 0.s. ) ( from the floor ) ten after six . prisoner # 2 thanks . ian ( 0.s. ) do not mention it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . police station two bored desk cop play with one of we hero 's phone . cop # 1 well , I will be damned . you can watch yourself a picture show on this here telephone unit . cop # 2 ya probably ought not mess with it . cop # 1 ooohh - sharky 's Machine . cop # 2 well , shit . Fire it up . he do . the intro music kick in . after a moment , the phone ring . they be not sure what to do . int . jail cell Ian check he watch . ian well , it 's over . no Ms. tasty , Felicia hate I , get a nice beat down come from rex . good trip . Ian sigh hard as he step over to the toilet . expression be distant and haggard but also slightly more mature . he start to pee . lance look over , surprised . lance dude . ian what ? lance you be pee in front of a bunch of people . Ian look around , appreciate the moment . ian hey , I be . I be just stand here takin’ a whiz . like it 's nothing . lance and that guy 's look straight at you dick . 93. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94. prisoner # 1 Atta boy . Ian wrap up and rejoin lance . lance look at you . you be a new man . ian no I be not . lance dude . you steal a car , you get arrest , get in a fight , sort of . hey , you kill a endangered species with you bare hand . that 's gotta count for something . the prisoner next to they give Ian a look of approval . lance ( cont 'd ) now you be pissin 's like a big dog . there 's only one thing leave ... ian well , that 's out . I be suppose to meet she three hour ago . lance look , when we get out of here , just tell she you get pinch and you have be in the hard yard . she ' will think that 's badass . int . women 's jail cell Felicia sit among four other prisoner of varied age and degree of nasty . they sit on the bench , arrange around Felicia , like the View . Felicia be sad . female prisoner # 1 shit ! this Ian boy sound to I like he get no ball at all . female prisoner # 2 why ? ' Cause he get to fussin’ some over a sufferin’ critter ? I think that 's real sweet . female prisoner # 3 well , I say this lance sound like a real hunk of man cake . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library +e * hf 95 . female prisoner # 3 ( cont 'd ) only way to keep he kind around be to get he baby in you , pronto . female prisoner # 2 but he get no respect for bitch . Felicia be uncharacteristically comfortable share . she play along gamely with they vocabulary . felicia shathayd 's right . no respect for bitch . none whatsoever . female prisoner # 1 girl . Oprah say you just get to tell the universe what you want . female prisoner # 3 yep . you gotta manifest that shit . ai not you read the promise ? felicia no . female prisoner # 3 you gotta read the promise . that 's how I get my shit straight . Felicia start to cry . female prisoner # 3 ( cont 'd ) oh , baby . come here . # 3 hold out she arm to Felicia but Felicia wave she off . # 3 be a bit offended . a wider shot reveal that # 3 be seat on the steel toilet , pants around she ankle . int . jail cell a cop open the cell door . cop # 1 Ian lafferty , lance Nesbitt ? you bail 's be post . ian shit . lance what ? ian rex . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96. Ian and lance stand and reluctantly exit . int . police station Felicia be be lead out of the woman 's cell down the hall . they meet in the middle . Felicia and Ian have calm down and they exchange humble smile . they all turn to see mary signing form at the desk . she 's still dress amish . lance light up like a kid on Christmas morning . lance no way ! Mary ! he run to she . they hug . Ian and Felicia join they at the counter . a officer slide over three envelope . cop # 2 personal effect . sign here . they sign . Ian take he phone . he turn it on . in the background we hear : lance ( 0.s. ) how would you know we be here ? mary ( 0.s. ) I call you phone and someone here answer it . cop # 1 ( 0.s. ) be not I . Ian 's phone display , '' New text message from : Ms. tasty . '' he click it . it bring up a message , '' stood out here 4 a hour and a half . ur a asshole ! '' jian deflate . he step outside , click on - line with he phone . int . myspace cyber rave Ms. tasty stand talk to some other guy with a cool car . Ian appear . she turn to glare at he . ian hey . ms . tasty get lose and leave I alone . she wave a hand , he disappear . she turn . he reappear in front of she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97. ian tasty , just hear I out . a suspicious stance but do not wave he off . ian ( cont ’d ) I get arrest . I have be on lock - down for the last four hour . ms . tasty for what ? ian um ... Street racing ? ms . tasty really ? ian yeah . no helmet . open intoxicant - dangerous . but I be out now . ms . tasty I bet you have not even leave Chicago . you know , I have never do this before but I think you be just playin’ I . ian I swear , I be just about a hour away . you want I to turn around ? she consider this for a moment . ms . tasty no. eleven o'clock at the shakey 's . but , no more excuse . if you be one minute late , I be go . she disappear . ext . police station - night Ian lean against the judge , wrapping up he texting session . lance , Felicia and Mary be walk toward he . lance so ? what 's the plan ? ian we be go to knoxville . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98. lance yes ! Ian get in the car . lance excitedly usher Mary to the car . none of they see Felicia 's look disappointment . int . the judge - highway - night Ian and Felicia sit in the front , silent and far apart . lance and Mary be in back , snuggling like the love strike teens they be . they pass a sign that read , '' knoxville 17 mis . '' Ian check he watch . Felicia quietly reach down for the bag that Ian have give she . she check that he 's not look . she peek inside . it 's a pair of flip - flop with little daisy on they . her foot be still bare . she get glassy - eye . Ian look over . Felicia look away . she be clearly move by the gift . ext . EST . harlan 's fantasy inn - night a old single level motel have be convert into '' fantasy '' room . the sign read , '' 22 romantic fantasy theme room to choose from ! '' it 's right across the street from the shakey 's . the judge be park in front of a room . int . harlan 's fantasy inn - the '' blaze '' room the wall be paint with flame . the room be decorate with firefighter memorabilia include hose , axe , helmet and a life-size cardboard cut - out of a sexy shirtless fireman . there 's a thick brass pole in one corner . the bed look like a wide fire engine . the clock on the wall read , ten minute to eleven . Ian be brush he tooth and get ready to go . Felicia sit on the bed , watch tv . she 's wear the flip -flops Ian buy for she . Ian take one more look in the mirror . he 's unsure of himself . felicia you look good . ian thanks . he put on he jacket and step to the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . felicia Ian ... do not do this , okay ? do not turn into lance . you be a nice guy . ian that 's why I be still a virgin . felicia so what if you be a virgin ? it 's just sex , Ian . ian it 's not about the sex . I be weird . I be the only virgin I know . I gotta get this do so everyone can stop freaking out about it . I know you do not approve but I be sorry , I be not go home a virgin . he turn to exit . felicia okay . then do it with I . he turn back , baffle . ian what ? Felicia downplay ; this be not a sexy offer . felicia do it with I , not some total stranger . I mean , we be friend , you know you will not get some nasty disease . crab or whatever . ian wow . I have rather stay a virgin than lose it on pity - sex . felicia I be not talk about pity - sex . ian then what be you talk about ? felicia I do not know . sex . it do not have to mean anything . it do not have to jeopardize we friendship . Ian sigh hard . he can not take hearing that word again . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . ian you know what , Felicia ? fuck the friendship . I be sorry , but I can not be the guy you talk to about you boyfriend anymore . I can not be the guy you cry to when they hurt you . and I will not be you back - up plan . maybe I be just selfish but it 's not enough . now , I be gonna go have meaningless sex with some random chick I meet on the internet , unless you get something to say to I . Felicia get up and head out the door . she stop and try to find the right word . after a beat , she give up and walk out , slamm the door behind she . ian ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . Ian plop down on the bed , consider what he 's do . he look at the clock . Three minute to eleven . he take a deep breath , stand and walk to the door . he take another beat to decide . he open the door , revealing rex ! he 's remove a motorcycle helmet . a dirtbike be on its side , still spin in the parking lot . rex push Ian back into the room . Ian fall backwards onto the bed . rex fling he helmet at Ian . ian ( cont ’d ) rex . what be you do here ? rex you ever hear of lo-jack , cheese - dick !? ( be : room ) what the fuck ? rex rush Ian , grab he by the neck , lift he to he foot , spin he around and administer a brutal wedgie . ian rex , wait ! the girl - the one I tell you about . she 's right across the street ! she want to do it with I and everything ! rex throw Ian into the dresser , shatter a lamp . rex like I give shit . get you stuff , dick -cheese . we be go home ! rex pick up Ian 's suitcase and throw it at he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ian okay . Fine . it probably would not have stop all this feeling I have be have anyway . rex stop , curious . rex what be you talk about ? ian you know - feeling , curiosity ... about man . Ian motion to the firefighter cut -out . rex what !? ah shit , Ian ! ian just lately , you know ? I think you be right , rex . I think I might be get gay . rex pick Ian up by the shirt . ian ( cont ’d ) I do not have any luck with girl . maybe it 's a sign . rex uh , uh ! no way be my brother take it in the chili ring ! rex boil like he might explode . rex ( cont 'd ) alright . you take the car and go bang a female woman like the good lord intend . you get one hour . he release Ian and push he toward the door . rex ( cont 'd ) but , Ian ... not up the butt ! Ian run out . int . the judge Ian jump in the car . he check he watch - 10:59 . 101 . start it up and race across the street . he slowly pull into the lot , look all around for tasty . no sign of she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . he do spot a creepy old fat guy , stand in the parking lot , watch he drive in . the guy wave to Ian . creepy that 's a sweet gto . ian so , you be Ms. tasty ? creepy you give I a ride in that and you can call I whatever you like . Ian bang he head against the steering wheel . ms . tasty ( 0.s. ) Ian ! oh my gosh ! hey ! Ian turn to see the real Ms. tasty step out of vintage dodge charger . she 's even hotter than she picture and she speak in a sweet southern accent that we do not hear in cyberspace . she trot over to the car . ms . tasty ( cont ’d ) I be sure you be stand I up . she jump into the passenger side . Ian be terrify . ms . tasty ( cont ’d ) but , here you be . look at you . ian yeah . look at I . ms . tasty you look kinda different than you picture . ian yeah . I , um , lose some weight ' cause I have the run -- the flu . and I go to get my haircut and -- ms . tasty well , you be mighty cute . ian oh. good . what do you wanna do ? ms . tasty hmmm . I love you car . why do not you take I for a ride . Ian pull out of the lot . tasty cuddle up to he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 . ian so , Ms. tasty . what 's you real name ? ms . tasty i’1l tell you after . she kiss he neck . Ian smile through he fear . they drive on . she rub he chest and nuzzle he ear . behind they a head slowly peek up from the back seat - Felicia ! she see Ms. tasty kiss Ian 's cheek . she ditch back down . int . harlan 's fantasy inn - the '' jungle '' room lance and Mary 's room be thick with fake jungle foliage . jungle noise play . the headboard of the bed be a exotic fish aquarium . lance and Mary lie on the bed . she cradle he like a child . lance I have just never feel this way about anyone before . I think I be fall -- she kiss he . mary lance , I can not . it do not work that way . if I do not go back , I 'il be shunne . I have never see my family again . lance this amish thing be a real motherfucker . mary tell I about it . ext . CITY park - night Ian and tasty lie on the grass , next to the judge . they look up at the star , use the foam do nut costume as a pillow . ian I do not get it . why would a girl like you be meeting people on the internet ? I mean , you could have any guy you want . ms . tasty I have have some mighty bad luck when it come to guy . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . ms . tasty ( cont 'd ) date a lot of greaseballs . I decide I want to communicate with someone , before ... well , before this . she kiss he . jian 's eye remain wide open as they kiss . Pan over to the judge . the window be roll down and Felicia be peek out from the back seat . ms . tasty ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) Ian , why do not you take you clothes off . ian really ? she sit up and remove she shirt , revealing she terrifyingly perfect breast . in the car , Felicia glance down at she own flatter chest . Ian sit up , face tasty . he maintain hard , deliberate eye - contact . she giggle . ms . tasty Ian , you can look if you like . Ian look down . after a beat , he take he out glass and put they on . now he can not look away . she gently push he backward , climb over he on all four and tug at he pants . his phone fall out . he pick it up and the screen light up with the photo of Felicia by the shoe tree . Ian look at it , swallow hard and stuff the phone back in he pocket . ian wait . listen , I , um ... I have to confess something . she stop and look at he . ian ( cont ’d ) I do not play football . this make Felicia smile and tasty laugh . ms . tasty okay . I appreciate you honesty . she continue tug at he pants . ian no , seriously . I do not even really watch football . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . ian ( cont 'd ) I get all that stuff from Friday night light . I be not even in college yet . ms . tasty Ian . what do you think ? everything on my profile be the god 's honest truth ? now , come on , take you clothes off . she try to take he shirt off . again , he stop she . ian wait . there 's something else . okay , there 's this girl and we -- ms . tasty Ian . I have a boyfriend . this can be we little secret . ian well , no . the thing be . I think I might be in love with she ... tasty sit back down in the grass and release a annoyed sigh . Felicia be now tear up through a giddy smile . ian ( cont ’d ) ..- and I know it 's stupid , right ? she probably will not ever even -- ms. tasty Ian . just shut up and take you god damned clothes off . Jesus . ian I be sorry . deep man voice ( 0.s. ) you hear the lady - strip . Ian turn to see bobby jo , a huge , burly biker type , stand over he with a gun point at Ian 's head . CUT to : ext . CITY park - moment later Bobby jo climb behind the wheel of the judge . tasty carry Ian 's clothes into the passenger side . she slam the door and call back to Ian , who now stand naked , ball - in-hand . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . ms . tasty you be right , Ian . sixty nine judge - you be worth the wait . ian please , no ! it 's not even my car ! ms . tasty good luck with you ladyfriend ! they peel away , Ian see Felicia 's terrify face pop up from the back seat . ian Felicia ! oh , shit ! oh , shit ! int . the judge - moment later Bobby jo drive as Ms. tasty grind on he in the front seat . ms . tasty Bobby jo calhoun , you be so awesome back there ! God damn sixty nine judge . I love you so much , baby . now listen , I get I another car come in any minute so drop I back to the shakey 's and get this goat over to Luis . remember he 's on fifth and Crescent . do not mess it up this time ! meanwhile , Felicia be lie in the back seat , furiously texting on she phone . int . harlan 's fantasy inn - the '' jungle '' room lance 's phone sit on the night stand , blink a text message that go unseen as lance and Mary be have sex . she 's get crazy on top . lance be in heaven . lance I be bang a amish chick . I mean , what be the odd ? ext . shakey 's parking lot - night the judge pull into the lot . tasty jump out just in time to greet a car that 's pull in - the pimped out honda . she trot over to it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . ms. tasty hey , boy ! you finally make it ! the window lower revealing andy & randy ! andy you Ms. tasty ? randy damn , you be hot as fuck . andy we get beer and rubber . randy and some lotion for you tit . int . the judge Bobby jo be about to pull away when he hear a beep sound . he look around , then rifle through Ian 's clothes . he pull out Ian 's phone . a text message be flash : '' Ian ! I be in the back seat ! help ! '' Bobby jo look over the seat to see Felicia lie on the floor . she give he a sheepish wave . bobby jo what the hell ? ext . shakey 's parking lot - honda tasty be talk to Andy & Randy , who be now far more timid . andy so , wait . you do wanna party ? randy with we ? ms. tasty oh , yeah . I want we all to get naked and party . Andy & Randy exchange innocent , worried look . this be not the reply they be use to . Andy look away and zip up he hoodie as far as it will go . Randy also divert he eye as he subtly reach up to lock the door . Ms. tasty look down at the lock door button , confuse . crash !!! in the background , the judge be rock as it be T - bone on the passenger side by a huge , jack - up pick -up . tasty spin around , '' what the hell ? '' Andy and Randy raise the window behind she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108. int . harlan 's fantasy inn - the '' blaze '' room rex hear the noise . he look out the window . rex Holy fuckball ! ext . shakey 's parking lot a big hillbilly climb out of the truck - it 's Rick ! ( brandy 's boyfriend from the cornfield . ) rick get you ass out of the car you motherfuckin’ ... motherfucker ! Bobby jo climb out of the judge . Rick take a step back . rick ( cont 'd ) whoa . who the fuck be you , man !? Bobby jo cross to assess the damage . he speak in a low , laid back and almost polite southern drawl . bobby jo God damn it . rick oh , shit . my bad . I think you be someone else . well , I would not worry about it . a little bondo will take care that . Bobby jo give Rick 's truck the once over . bobby jo well , you do foule up my ride , so I guess I 'il be take yours . rick fuck that shit . Bobby jo raise he gun to Rick 's face . Rick toss the key . rick ( cont 'd ) it 's three on the tree and the clutch stick . rex run into the scene . Bobby jo point the gun at he but rex do not even notice . he rush to the judge and stroke it like a injure child . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 109 . bobby jo take a step back , boy . rex turn . no fear . he step to Bobby jo . rex bite my dick , asswipe . crack ! Bobby jo pistol whip rex , who go down hard . rex ( cont 'd ) aahhgg ! Jesus Christ ! what have you do that for , man !? lance then round the corner , stop cold and go wide - eye at the crazy scene . rick that 's the sum-bitch I be look for ! lance ( shitting brick ) rick. rickster . how have you find we ? Rick take out the Google map and whip they at lance . rex , still on the ground , call out to lance . rex lance !? what 's go on here , faggot !? lance I have absolutely no idea . Ms. tasty look on , try to decide whether she should engage in the situation . something get she attention - Felicia be sneaking out of the back seat . tasty have have enough of this mess . ms . tasty Bobby jo ! who the hell be that !? bobby jo oh , yeah . that 's Felicia . turn out she be hide out in the back . ms . tasty well shit , boy ! then she hear everything ! hello ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library bobby jo damn it . you be right . darlin’ . 110 . come here Felicia try to bolt but Bobby jo grab she by the hair and pull she back kick and scream toward the truck . ian ( 0.s. ) take you hand off she ! Bobby jo look around . nobody . sefior do nut diving through the air . hand . Ian crash into he . he turn just in time to see Bobby jo raise he the gun fall , bounce off the pavement and discharge , take out Andy & Randy 's windshield . they bail out . everyone Bobby jo look up to see that the gun Ian be struggle to bend down for it . it but Ian beat he to it and level hit the deck . be now at Ian 's foot . Bobby jo go after the gun at Bobby jo . ian ( cont ’d ) ( work the mouth ) everybody get back ! get back , man ! Bobby jo stand and back up . ian ( cont ’d ) ( work the mouth ) okay ! good ! everybody just be cool ! tasty ! get over there ! lance Ian , you be work the mouth . ian ( work the mouth ) I do not care ! Felicia , be you okay !? Felicia nod . a phone ring . jo 's shirt pocket be glow . everyone look around . Bobby ian ( cont 'd ) my phone ! answer it ! now ! rick you best do what he say . that do nut be not fuckin’ around . bobby jo ( answer ) hello ? um yes , sir ... I believe he 's right here ... ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 111. bobby jo ( cont 'd ) um , I believe he 's wear it now ... yes , sir , a cruller pert near four foot ' round . ian be that ron ? bobby jo yes , sir and he sound mighty tick . why do not I just put y’all on speaker . Bobby jo hold up the phone . ron ( v.o. ) Ian ? listen chief , I need my costume back , toot-sweet . ian ron , I 'il be in on Tuesday . ron not gonna cut it , Ian . bring it back first thing in the morning or you be fire . ian ( work the mouth again ) I be fire ? I be the best employee you get ! I stay late all the time , I cover for you when you have you D & D tournament , I be the only one who know how to fix the register spool ! fuck you ! I dare you to fire I ! rex and lance exchange a glance - they be impressed . ron okay . do not get all testy . I be just horsing around . just bring ‘er in when you can , amigo . ian hang it up ! ( Bobby jo do ) okay ! here 's what 's gonna happen ! rex ! you be gonna get the judge outta here ! Rick ! you can punch lance but just once . lance what the fuck , dude ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112. ian you nail he girlfriend ! lance not exactly . but okay . Fair enough . not in the nut , okay ? whap ! Rick punch lance in the head . lance go back but not down . he hold himself up with he hand on he knee . lance ( cont 'd ) Holy god . good punch . ian now get in you truck and get out of here ! rick he 's get my key . ian give he he fuckin’ key ! Bobby jo walk toward Ian . bobby jo you be not gonna kill nobody . rex smoke that cocksucker , Ian ! ian stop ! I be serious ! bobby jo I bet you do not even know how shoot that thing . Ian fire the gun in the air . Bobby jo stop . bobby jo ( cont 'd ) okay . but anybody can shoot a gun in the air . Bobby jo keep come . ian I nil shoot you in the leg ! bobby jo I do not think so . bang ! Ian shoot he in the leg . Bobby jo writhes in pain . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 113. bobby jo ( cont 'd ) ( wince ) okay ! okay ! but anybody can shoot someone in the leg . Bobby jo limp toward Ian . ian Jesus , man ! what do I gotta do ? suddenly , a squad car slide sideways into the parking lot . Mary be in the back seat . another squad car pull in behind it . Ms. tasty make a break for it . she pass Andy & Randy . Andy trip she and she eat shit . a tall , thin cop grab she and handcuffs she . a fat , dim cop leap out of the first car , pump he rifle and aim it over he hood at Ian . fat cop Drop the weapon , do nut man ! Ian drop the gun . everyone flinch but it do not go off again . fat cop ( cont ’d ) okay ! hand on you head ! Ian put he right hand on sefior donut 's head . fat cop ( cont ’d ) both hand , asshole ! ian I can not move the other arm ! fat cop who say that !? ian ( work the mouth ) I can not move the other arm ! his partner cover everyone else as the fat cop cautiously cross toward Ian . when he reach he , he whip out a stun gun and zap Ian but he 's protect by the foam donut . ian ( cont ’d ) ( work the mouth ) okay ! I be not resisting ! the cop zap he again , then spray pepper spray into the plastic eye on top . it splashes back at the cop , who cover he eye and fall backward . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 114. fat cop the big mexican will not go down ! take you shot ! blam ! the other cop fire at Ian , blow off he fake arm . Felicia run to stand in front of he . felicia Jesus Christ ! he 's not the bad guy here ! she 's the car thief ! the cop look at Ms. tasty . thin cop say Dan . ai not she the perp from the FBI bulletin ? the one who 's steal car with she computer . the fat cop squint up at she . fat cop shit the tub . ext . shakey 's parking lot - later a few more squad car be there . Ms. tasty and Bobby jo be be read they rights while a medic bandage up Bobby jo 's leg . Felicia give a eyewitness report to a cop . felicia ...- and there 's some guy name Luis who be wait for they at fifth and Crescent ... Andy and Randy be be interview by a hot blonde news reporter . reporter I understand you gentleman get a good look at the perpetrator . andy we get more than a good look . randy yeah . we be bang that chick in we car . andy totally bang she . hard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 115. reporter alright ! Jesus Christ ! shut it down guy . we get any witness who be not retarded !? camerman we be live , Judy . randy ( to cameraman ) you bangin’ she ? andy we would totally bang she . Ian sit on the hood of a squad car , still in the do nut suit . Felicia step up , unzip Ian and help he get he head out . felicia thanks for come for I . ian what be you do in the back seat ? felicia I do not know . ian you do not know . Jesus . why can not you just say it ? felicia you first . ian Fine . you love I . felicia okay . well , you love I too then . he kiss she . then a longer one . rex walk by . rex thank god . dissolve to : ext . amish barn - day Ian , rex , lance and Felicia be milk cow . rex be gross out . they be all filthy and sweaty . they look like they have be at it a while . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 116. vrooom !! they look over to see the judge be roll out of the barn . the side damage be as good as new and now there be flame on the side . rex stand , very pleased . they all run to the car . ezekiel climb out and pull off some extra mask tape around the mould . rex ( to Ian ) okay . I guess you get to live . ext . amish barn - later Ian and Felicia be in the judge . rex kick start he dirtbike . rex straight home , pussy ! and keep you god damn phone on ! rex take off . lance and Mary be kissing near the barn . Ian honk the horn . lance run over . ian dude , we gotta go . lance you two go ahead . I be gonna hang here and kick it amish style . ian what be you talk about ? lance hard work , fresh air , missionary position - sound good . felicia lance . give I a break . Ian see in lance 's eye that he 's serious . Ian get out and give lance a hug . lance now , you two go ' visit grandma . lance walk back to Mary . Ian and Felicia drive off into the summer evening . dissolve to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 117. Close on Ian and Felicia , face to face , nothing but blue sky behind they . she kiss he . felicia be you sure you be ready to do this ? ian yeah . a wide shot reveal that we be along a : ext . country road - sunset Ian toss he shoe into the shoe tree . Felicia cheer . they stand and look for a moment more , then walk to the car barefoot . Felicia be fine but Ian be tip-towing and wince as he tender foot feel every pebble . ext . country highway - dusk the judge roll down the road . Felicia snuggle up to Ian in the front seat . they look deeply content . ian ( v.o. ) a few week later , I be Felicia 's date to Tiffany 's wedding . this time it be not a just - friend thing . cutaway to Ian and Felicia dance together at the wedding . he kiss she . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Tiffany be right , Felicia do ruin all the picture . cutaway to a photo of the wedding party . Zoom in on Felicia . she be smile but she hand be subtly give the finger . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) that night , Felicia and I finally ' visit grandma . 's cutaway to Ian 's basement . Felicia 's yellow dress be on the floor . they lie together , wind and sweaty , on the old couch . after a beat , she pull Ian back on top of she . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) ... twice . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 118. track past they and up the stair . rex stand at the top . he light a pack of firecracker , toss they down the stair and laugh he ass off as they pop off . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) rex do make my life hell for a while . but two year later he finally come out to the family . cutaway to thanksgive dinner . rex stand and make a tearful announcement . his mother cry ; he father upend the turkey and storm out . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) my parent get use to the idea . and rex be a actually a pretty great guy this day . now he only use the word ' faggot 's during sex . cutaway to Christmas dinner . now rex happily sit next to a handsome man . Mom and dad smile and hand they a gift . rex and he boyfriend delight as they unwrap a juicer . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) let 's see . what else . oh , my dad make Dylan take my old job . cutaway to Dylan , work the counter at senor donut . ron be smell he finger with great interest . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Andy & Randy finally get a girlfriend . cutaway to Andy and Randy with they arm around a slightly heavy young girl . they be gush with pride . ian ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) ..- and as for lance 's new simpler life among the amish ... we return to where we leave off , as Ian and Felicia drive away in the judge . tian 's phone ring . he answer . ian ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) hello ?... what do you mean it 's not work out ? you have be amish for forty five minute ! the judge turn around and drive back the other way . fade out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 119 . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library