< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> " 's e x , l i e 's , a n d v i d e of t a p e " - by Steven soderbergh 4th draft " 's e x , l i e 's , a n d v i d e of t a p e " 1 ext . highway -- day graham dalton , twenty -nine , drive he ' 69 cutlass while smoking a cigarette . one could describe he appearance as punk / arty , but neither would do he justice . he be a man of obvious intelligence , and he face be amiable . there be only one key on he key , and it be in the ignition . ann ( voice over ) garbage . I start think about what happen to all the garbage . I mean , where do we put all of it , we have to run out of place to put it eventually , do not we ? this happen to I before when that barge with all the garbage be strand and nobody would take it ? remember that ? 2 int . doctor' office -- day ann bishop millaney , twenty -six , sit opposite she therapist . she be a extremely attractive woman , dress in a mature preppy style . there be a wedding ring on she leave hand . doctor yes , I remember . what do you do when this mood overtake you ? ann nothing . I mean , nothing . I try not to do anything that will produce garbage , so obviously we be talk about eat and basic stuff like that . do you know that the average person produce three pound of garbage a day ? doctor no , I do not . ann do not you think that 's a lot of garbage ? I would really like to know where it 's all go to go . doctor do you have any idea what trigger this concern ? ann well , this weekend John be take out the garbage , and he keep spilling thing out of the container , and I start imagine a container that grow garbage , like it just keep fill up and overflow all by itself , and how could you stop that if it start happen ? doctor Ann , do you see a pattern here ? ann what do you mean ? doctor well , last week we talk about you obsession with the family of airline fatality , and now we be talk about you concern over the garbage problem . ann yeah , so ? doctor if you think about it , I think you will see that the object of you obsession be invariably something negative that you could not possibly have any control over . ann well , do you think many people run around think about how happy they feel and how great thing be ? I mean , maybe they do , but I doubt that people be in therapy . besides , be happy be not all that great . my figure be always at its best when I be depressed . the last time I be really happy I put on twenty - five pound . I think John be go to have a stroke . JOHN ( voice over ) it 's true , I be tell you . 3 int . law office -- day JOHN millaney , twenty -nine , sit at he desk talk on the telephone . he be dress very well , sport real suspender with he stripe pinpoint oxford shirt and cotton suit . he finger the wedding ring on he leave hand . JOHN as soon as you have get a ring on you finger , you start get serious attention from the opposite gender . seriously , I wish I have Super bowl seat for every time I have some filly just come up and start talk to I without the slight provocation . that never happen before I get marry . shit , if I would know that , I would have go out and buy I a ring when I be eighteen and save myself a lot of time and money . John look at he watch . JOHN shit , I gotta be someplace . ( quickly ) look , racquetball Thursday ? you be the coolest . John press the intercom button while put on he jacket . JOHN uh , Janet , re-schedule kirkland . tell he to come in Friday at 1:30 . doctor ( voice over , to Ann ) be you still keep this thought from John ? ann ( voice over ) yes . 4 int . law office bathroom -- day John brushes he tooth and comb he hair very carefully . doctor ( voice over , to Ann ) be you afraid of he reaction ? of he find you silly for think of such thing ? ann ( voice over ) no . I do not know . I have not tell he about the garbage thing because I be piss off at he right now . he 's let some old college buddy stay at we house for a couple of day , and he do not even ask I about it . I mean , I would have say yes , I just wish he would have ask . 5 int . doctor' office -day doctor what upset you about that ? ann I guess I be upset because I can not really justify be upset , I mean , it 's he house , really , he pay the mortgage . doctor but he ask you to quit you job , and you do have housework . ann yeah , I know . doctor this unexpected visit notwithstand , how be thing with John ? ann ( shrug ) Fine , I guess . except right now I m go through this where I do not want he to touch I . 6 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day cynthia bishop , Ann 's sister , open she door to reveal the freshly coif John millaney . they kiss passionately and begin to disrobe . Cynthia bear a slight resemblance to Ann , but be not as overtly attractive . she do , however , have a definite carnal appeal and air of confidence that Ann lack . doctor ( voice over ) when do you begin have this feel ? ann ( voice over ) about a week ago . I do not know what bring it on , I just start feel like I do not want he to touch I . doctor ( voice over , to Ann ) Prior to this feel , be you comfortable have physical contact with he ? ann ( voice over ) oh , yeah . ( pause ) but see , I have never really be into sex that much , I mean , I like it and everything , it just do 't freak I out , I would not miss it , you know ? but anyway , lately we have not be do anything at all . like I say , it 's not that I miss it , but I m curious the way thing kind of slack off all of a sudden . John and Cynthia be now have sex . doctor ( voice over ) perhaps he sense you hesitance at be touch . ann ( voice over ) but see , he stop before I get that feel , that 's why it seem weird to I . I mean , I be sure he wish I would initiate thing once in awhile , and I would except it never occur to I , I be always think about something else and then the few time that I have feel like start something I be by myself . doctor ( voice over ) do you do anything ? a pause . ann ( voice over ) what do you mean ? doctor ( voice over ) do you masturbate ? 7 int . doctor' office -- day ann ( take aback ) God , no . doctor I take it you have never masturbate ? ann ( slightly uncomfortable ) well , I kind of try once . it just seem stupid , I keep see myself lie there and it seem stupid , and kind of , uh , I do not know , and then I be wonder if my dead grandfather could see I do this , and it just seem like a dumb thing to be do when we do not know what to do with all that garbage , you know ? doctor so it be recently that you try this . ann ( exhales , head down ) well , kind of recently , I guess . but not too recently . there be a pause . ann I be really not up to have a guest in the house . 8 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day John and Cynthia be lie in bed , bath in sweat . JOHN I have get to get back to the office . cynthia I only get one today ? gee , how exciting . John roll over and begin to put he clothes on . JOHN I can not let my lunch hour go on too long . I have already skip one meeting . cynthia do not give I this passive / aggressive bullshit . if you want to leave , leave . my life do not stop when you walk out the door , you know what I be say ? John shake he head . JOHN why do not you just tell I how you really feel ? John stand and begin put on he clothes . JOHN I have a friend come in from out of town , I will probably be spend some time with he the next couple of day . cynthia meaning we will have to cool it for awhile , right ? JOHN right . a silent shrug from Cynthia . John be almost completely dress . JOHN I wish you would quit that bartend job . cynthia why ? JOHN I hate the think of guy hit on you all the time . cynthia I can handle it . besides , the money be good and some of the guy be cute . and you be in no position to be jealous . JOHN who say I be jealous ? cynthia I do . John say nothing . cynthia you know , I would like to try you house sometime . the idea of do it in my sister 's bed give I a perverse thrill . John think about that . cynthia I wish I could tell everybody that Ann 's a lousy lay . beautiful , popular , Ann Bishop millaney . JOHN could be risky . cynthia well , maybe I could just start a rumor , then . JOHN no , I mean do it at my house . cynthia afraid of get catch ? JOHN maybe . cynthia you should be . can I meet this friend of yours ? JOHN Cynthia , I do not think you want to , I mean , you should see the way he dress . I really think he 's in a bad way . cynthia I be intrigue . JOHN you be intrigue ? cynthia sure . maybe he 's the man I be look for . then I will not have to fuck worried husband all the time . John look at she for a moment before head for the door . JOHN bye . 9 ext . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Graham have park in the millaney 's driveway . he open the trunk , revealing a Sony 8 mm video rig and a single black duffle bag . he grab the duffle bag and shut the trunk . Graham knock at the door . he be stubbing out a cigarette with he beat tennis shoe when Ann answer the door . she be unable to hide she suprise at he appearance . graham Ann ? ann yes ? graham ( extend he hand ) Graham dalton . Ann shake he hand . graham can I use you bathroom ? Ann withdraw she hand . ann yes . yes , come in , please . Graham move inside . 10 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Ann close the door and motion Graham to the rear of the house . ann straight back , first door on the leave . Graham head for the bathroom . Ann head for the phone . she dial John 's office . voice on phone forman , Brent , and millaney . ann John millaney , please . this be he wife . Graham exit the bathroom . Ann quickly hang up the phone . ann that be quick . graham false alarm . ann oh. well , please sit down . Graham sit , he manner pleasantly animated . he get he gitane from inside he scuff black leather jacket and look around for a ashtray . Ann swallow uncomfortably . ann we ... do not usually let people smoke in the house . we have a patio if you -- graham oh , no problem . it can wait . a moment of silence . Graham look at Ann directly . it be not a challenging stare , he 's just try to ascertain what kind of person she be . Ann , to she credit , somehow meet he gaze . something subtle pass between they . ann ( look at duffle bag ) do you have other thing ? graham yes . ( pause ) oh , you mean to bring in ! no . yes , I have some other thing , no , I do not need to bring they in . this be all I need to stay here . ann oh. Graham smile . he have a unusual face , a face that fluctuate between remarkably handsome and just plain strange . graham have you ever be on television ? ann televison ? graham yes . ann no . why ? graham ( shrug ) curious . the central air-condition switch on . Ann smile . ann Graham be a unusual name . graham yeah , I guess it be . my mother be a complete anglophile , anything british make she drool like a baby . she probably hear the name in some movie . she 's a prisoner of public television now . ann oh , uh-huh . graham be you uncomfortable with my appearance ? ann ( downplay ) no , I think you look ... fine . graham ( smile ) oh. well , maybe I be uncomfortable with my appearance . I feel a little out of place in this surroundings . ann well ... graham I use to take great pleasure in that , be purposefully different , rub people 's nose in it . do not you do that when you be young ? ann ( think ) no , not really . graham oh. well , I do . I be in a band once , and the music be always secondary to just flat out offend as many people as possible . ann you play a instrument ? graham no , I be in charge of kind of stand at the microphone and recite this really depress lyric in a monotone . the whole thing be really .... irrelevant . how do you like be marry ? ann ( catch slightly off guard ) oh , I like it . I like it very much . graham what about it do you like ? I be not be critical , I would really like to know . ann well ..... well , the cliché about the security of it , that 's really true . we own a house , and I really like that , you know ? and I like that John be just make junior partner , so he have a steady job and he 's not some ... Ann look at Graham and stop . he smile again . ann ... free-lance . you know . graham yes . so you feel security , stability . like thing be go to last awhile . ann oh , definitely . I mean , just this past year have go by like phew ! I hardly even know it pass . graham do you know that if you shut someone up in a room , and the only clock he have reference to run two hour slow for every twenty - four , that he body will eventually adjust to that schedule ? simply because the mind honestly perceive that twenty - six hour be twenty - four , the body follow . and then there be section of time . you life can be break down into the section of time that form you personality ( if you have one ) . for instance , when I be twelve , I have a eleven minute conversation with my father that to this day define we relationship . now , I be not say that everything happen in that specific section of time , but the event of my childhood involve my father lead up to , and then be crystallize in , that eleven minute . Ann be fascinate , if a bit overwhelm . ann oh , uh-huh . graham ( smile ) anyway , I think the mind be very flexible as far as time be concerned . ann you mean like " time fly " ? graham exactly . I would say the fact that you feel the first year of you marriage have go by quickly mean lot of thing . or could mean lot of thing . ann how long have it be since you have see John ? graham nine year . ann nine year ? graham yes . I be surprised that he accept when I ask if I could stay here until I find a place . ann why ? do not you know he well ? graham I know he very well . we be extremely close until I drop out . a pause . ann why would you drop out ? graham oh , lot of reason , most of they boring . but , up until I drop out , John and I be ... very much alike . ann that 's hard to believe . the two of you seem so different . graham I would imagine that we be , now . I think I be ready to use the bathroom , finally . Graham get up and head for the toilet . Ann watch he go , a bemuse smile on she face . after she hear the door close , she can not resist the impulse to take a closer look at Graham 's bag . in the bathroom , Graham poke around , look through the medicine cabinet and sniff towel . JOHN ( voice over ) call the cop . 11 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- night John , Ann and Graham be eat dinner . JOHN ( to Graham ) that 's the first thing that run through my mind when I see you . I think this be not the same man that ride the unicycle naked through the homecome parade . ann ( to Graham ) you do that ? graham everybody have a past . JOHN ( smile at Graham ) what do you think the Greeks would make of that outfit you be wear ? graham a bonfire , probably . John take a sip of chiva . graham ( to Ann ) this food be excellent . ann thank you . JOHN yeah , it 's not bad . usually Ann have some serious salt action go . I keep tell she , you can always add more if you want , but you can not take it out . graham ( to Ann ) you have family here also ? ann ( nod , chew ) mother , father , sister . graham sister older or young ? ann younger . John take a large swig of chiva . graham be you close ? Graham see Ann and John exchange look . graham I be sorry . be I pry again ? JOHN you be pry before ? graham yes , this afternoon . I be grill Ann about you marriage this afternoon . JOHN ( smile ) really . how would it go ? graham she hold up very well . Ann laugh . graham ( to Ann ) so I be ask about you sister . Ann 's smile fade . John resume eat . ann oh , we get along okay . she 's just very ... she 's a extrovert . I think she 's loud . she probably would not agree . definitely would not agree . JOHN ( to Graham ) be you go to see Elizabeth while you be here ? a almost imperceptible reaction by Graham . graham I do not know . ann ( interested ) who 's Elizabeth ? JOHN girl Graham date . still life here , far as I know . Graham eat in silence . ann Graham and I be talk about apartment and I tell he to check the Garden District , there be some nice little place there , garage apartment and stuff . JOHN ( to Graham ) stay away from the Garden District . serious crime . I do not know what kind of place you be look for , but there be a lot of studio- type apartment available elsewhere . graham I wish I do not have to live someplace . JOHN ( laugh ) what do you mean ? Graham think a moment , then put he key with its single key onto the table . graham well , see , right now I have this one key , and I really like that . everything I own be in my car . if I get a apartment , that 's two key . if I get a job , maybe I have to open and close once in awhile , that 's more key . or I buy some stuff and I m worried about get rip off , so I get some lock , and that 's more key . I just really like have the one key . it 's clean , you know ? Graham look at the key before return it to he pocket . JOHN get rid of the car when you get you apartment , then you will still have one key . graham I like have the car , the car be important . JOHN especially if you want to leave someplace in a hurry . graham or go someplace in a hurry . Ann take she plate into the kitchen . JOHN ( smile at Graham ) do you pay tax ? Graham also stand , empty plate in hand . graham do I pay tax ? of course I pay tax , only a liar do not pay tax , I be not a liar . a liar be the second lowest form of human be . ann ( from the kitchen ) what 's the first ? graham lawyer . John smile , think . Graham follow Ann into the kitchen . John shout after they . JOHN hey , Ann , why do not you go with Graham to hunt for apartment ? show he how the city have change . Ann look at Graham . ann would you mind ? graham no . ann ( shout back to John ) okay , I will !! John , sit at the table and now toy with he key , nod . 12 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- night everyone but Ann be asleep . she get up from she bed and sneak quietly into the guest bedroom where Graham be stay . she walk cautiously up to he bed to watch he as he sleep . moonlight caress he face as he breathes peacefully . exhaling , he turn over slowly , he back to Ann . she pick up he jacket from beside the bed and feel the surface . she bring the jacket to she nose , inhale he presence . she then set the jacket down . 13 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day the phone ring . Cynthia answer . cynthia hello . JOHN Cynthia . John . meet I at my house in exactly one hour . cynthia you be scum . I will be there . 14 int . vacant apartment-day Graham and Ann walk around the room , they footfalls heavy on the hardwood floor . mr. miller , the landlord , stand nearby . he look fairly interested in Ann . mr. miller plenty of room for two people . graham it will just be I . mr. miller Student ? graham no . ( pause ) you say three - fifty ? mr. miller plus first and last month deposit . graham will you lease month - to-month ? mr. miller not for three - fifty . graham how about for five hundred ? Mr. Miller look at Ann , then back at Graham . mr. miller that I can do . 15 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Cynthia let herself in . she look around . cynthia John ? JOHN ( offscreen ) in here !! Cynthia walk to the bedroom , where John lie naked on the bed . she smile , kick off she shoe . cynthia ai not you a picture . Cynthia begin take she clothes off . she place she diamond stud earring in she jacket pocket , and then drop the jacket on the floor . she move onto the bed with John . ann ( voice over ) maybe you will understand this , because you know John , but he confuse I sometimes . graham ( voice over ) how do you mean ? 16 int . café - day Graham and Ann be have lunch . Ann look to have have a lot of wine . Graham drink club soda with a twist . ann it 's hard to explain . it 's like ... John treat everybody the same , you know ? I mean , he act just as excited about see somebody he hardly know as he do when he see I . and so I feel like , what 's different about I , if I be treat exactly the same as some acquaintance ? if I do not like somebody , I do not act like I do . I guess that 's why a lot of people think I be a bitch . she take a sip of wine . graham yeah , I know . I mean , I be not say I know people think you be a bitch , I be say I know what you mean . and I do not even know that people think you be a bitch . do they ? ann I feel like they do . graham hmm . well , maybe you be . really , I would not pay much attention . Ann smile . graham I know that I just do not feel a connection with very many people , so I do not waste time with people I do not feel one with . ann right , right . I do not feel connect to many people , either . other than John . Graham nod . ann can I tell you something personal ? I feel like I can . it 's something I could not tell John . or would not , anyway . graham it 's up to you . but I warn you , if you tell I something personal , I might do the same . ann okay . I think ... I think sex be overrate . I think people place way too much importance on it . and I think that stuff about woman want it just as bad be crap . I m not say woman do not want it , I just do not think they want it for the reason man think they do . ( smile ) I be get confuse . Graham smile . ann do you understand what I be try to say ? graham I think so . I remember read somewhere that man learn to love what they be attract to , whereas woman become more and more attract to the person they love . ann yes ! yes ! I think that 's very true . very . Graham watch Ann take a sip of wine . graham so what about kid ? ann kid ? what about they ? graham do you want they ? ann yeah , actually , I do . but John do not . at least not right now . graham why be that ? ann I do not know , he just say he want to wait . I quit ask . Graham nod . ann so what 's you personal thing ? be you really go to tell I something personal ? graham do you want I to ? ann as long as it 's not ... gross , you know ? like some scar or something . it have to be like mine , like something about you . graham agreed . Graham take a sip of club soda . graham I be impotent . Ann look at he closely . ann you be what ? graham impotent . ann you be ? graham well , let I put it this way : I can not achieve a erection while in the presence of another person . so , for all practical purpose , I be impotent . Ann take a large sip of wine . Graham light a cigarette . ann do it bother you ? graham ( exhales ) not usually . I mean , honestly , I have not know many guy that could think straight with a erection , so I feel I be way ahead of the game as far as be clear-head go . ann well ... be you self - conscious about it ? graham I be self - conscious , but not in the same way that you be . you have get to be the most attractive self - conscious person I have ever see . ann why do you say I be self - conscious ? graham well , I have be watch you . I have watch you eat , I have watch you speak , I have watch the way you move , and I see somebody who be extremely conscious of be look at . I think you really believe that people be look at you all the time . and you know what ? ann what ? graham they be look at you . Ann , you be truly breathtaking . I do not know if you understand how you appearance can affect people . Men want to possess you , woman wish they look like you . and that that do not or can not resent you . and the fact that you be a nice person just make it worse . ann ( think ) my therapist say that -- graham you be in therapy ? ann be not you ? graham hah ! no , I be not . actually , I use to be , but the therapist I have be really ineffectual in help I deal with my problem . of course , I lie to he constantly , so I guess I can not hold he totally responsible ... ann so you do not believe in therapy ? graham I believe in it for some people . I mean , for I it be silly , I be confuse go in . so I just form my own personal theory that you should never take advice from someone of the opposite sex that do not know you intimately . ann well , my therapist know I intimately . graham ( surprised ) you have sex with you therapist ? ann of course not . graham oh , see , I mean someone you have have sex with . that 's part of the theory . ann Excuse I for ask , but how would you know ? graham ( smile ) well , I be not always impotent . Ann take another sip of wine and think for a moment . ann now , you say never take advice from someone that you do not know intimately , right ? graham basically , yes . 17 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Cynthia be leave the house . she give John a big kiss . ann ( voice over ) so since I have never have sex with you , by you own advice I should not accept you advice . graham ( voice over ) that 's correct . ( pause ) bit of a dilemma , be not it ? Cynthia be not wear she diamond stud earring . 18 int . doctor' office -- day ann well , I do not know . the week start off okay , but then I be outside water the plant , and I start feel dizzy from the heat and that get I think about the greenhouse effect , so I go inside and turn on the air-conditioner full blast , and that make I feel a little better until I start think about radon leakage come up through the floor , and -- doctor radon leakage ? ann yes , it 's this radioactive gas in the ground , and house kind of act like magnet to pull it up , and -- you have never hear of this ? doctor no , I have not . ann well , the cumulative effect be not good , let I tell you . ( pause ) I know I should not have water that plant . doctor do you confront John about the visitor ? ann what visitor ? doctor the friend of John 's that be stay at you house . ann oh , Graham . no , I do not talk to he about that . actually , that turn out to be pretty interesting . I expect Graham to be this ... well , like John , you know ? I mean , he say they have go to school together , so I be expect lot of storey about get drunk and secret handshake and stuff . but he turn out to be this ... this kind of character , I mean , he 's kind of arty but okay , you know ? doctor be he still at you house ? ann no , he leave last week . doctor do you find he attractive ? ann what do you mean , like physically ? doctor let I rephrase . be you attract to he ? ann ( think ) I guess , but not because of the way he look or anything . he 's just so different , somebody new to have a conversation with . I be just tired of talk to other couple about whether or not they be go to buy the station wagon , you know ? it 's just boring . I do not know , he be just different . and he 's really on about truth a lot , be honest , and I like that , I feel comfortable around he . ( pause ) after he leave I have a dream that he sign a lease to rent we guest room . cynthia ( voice over ) so where 's he from ? 19 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day Ann stand watch Cynthia get dress for work . ann I do not know . he go to school here , then he be in New York for awhile , then Philadelphia , and then just kind of travel around . cynthia must be nice . so , what 's he like , be he like John ? ann no , not at all . actually , I do not think John like he much anymore . he say he think Graham have get strange . a pause . cynthia be he ? strange , I mean ? ann not really . maybe if I just see he on the street I would have say that , but after talk to he ... he 's just kind of ... I do not know , unusual . cynthia uh-huh . so what 's he look like ? ann why ? cynthia I just want to know what he look like , be all . ann why , so you can go after he ? cynthia Jesus , Ann , get a life . I just ask what he look like . Ann say nothing . cynthia besides , even if I decide to fuck he brain out , what business be that of yours ? ann do you have to say that ? cynthia what ? ann you know what . you say it just to irritate I . cynthia I say it because it 's descriptive . ann well , he do not strike I as the kind of person that would go in for that sort of thing , anyway . cynthia Ann , you always underestimate I . ann well , I wonder why . cynthia I think you be afraid to put the two of we in the same room together . I think you be afraid he will be undeniably draw to I . ann oh , for God 's sake . really , Cynthia , really , I do not think he 's you type . cynthia " my type " ? what be this bullshit ? how would you know what " my type " be ? ann I have a pretty good idea . cynthia Ann , you do not have a clue . look , I do not even know why we be discuss this , I will just call he myself . ann he do not have a phone . cynthia well , I will call he when he do . ann but he will not . cynthia what be you talk about ? ann he 's not get a phone , he do not like talk on the phone . cynthia oh , please . okay , ' so give I the Zen master 's address , I will think of a reason to stop by . ann let I talk to he first . cynthia why ? just give I the address , you will not even have to be involved . ann I do not feel right just give you the address so that you can go over there and ... cynthia and what ? ann and ... do whatever it be you do . Cynthia laugh loudly . Ann , not happy , watch she dig through the jewelry box . ann lose something ? cynthia that goddam diamond stud earring that cost I a fuck fortune . ann be you get Mom something for she birthday ? cynthia I do not know , I will get she a card or something . ann a card ? for she fiftieth birthday ? cynthia what 's wrong with that ? ann do not you think she deserve a little more than a card ? I mean , the woman give birth to you . it 's she fiftieth birthday -- cynthia will you stop ? Jesus . ann I just think it might -- cynthia okay , Ann , okay . how about this : you buy she something nice , and I will pay for half . all right ? ann Fine . cynthia good . now , if you will pardon I , I have to go to work . 20 int . doctor' office -- day ann I be think maybe I should not be in therapy anymore . doctor what bring this on ? ann I have be think about it for awhile , and then I be talk to somebody who kind of put thing in perspective for I . doctor ( smile ) I think that 's what I do . who be it that you talk to ? ann that guy Graham I tell you about . he say take advice from someone you do not know intimately be ... well , he say a lot of stuff . the Doctor exhales , think for a moment . doctor Ann , in life one have to be aware of hide agendas . ( pause ) do it occur to you that Graham may have he own reason for not want you to be in therapy ? ann what do you mean ? I do not understand . doctor it 's possible that Graham have hide motive for dislike therapy and / or therapist . perhaps he have problem of he own that he be unwilling to deal with , and he would like to see other people , you for instance , wallow in they situation just as he do . do you think that 's possible ? ann I guess . doctor you understand that you be free to leave therapy at any time ? ann yes . doctor that you be under no obligation to I ? ann yes . doctor do you want to leave therapy ? ann not really . doctor do you feel there be more progress to be make ? ann yes . doctor I be glad you feel that way , because I feel that way , too . ann but you do not have hide motive for feel that way , right ? the Doctor laugh . Ann do not laugh with he . 21 int . graham' apartment -- day on a television monitor we see image originate from a 8 mm video deck . Graham sit naked in a sheet - cover chair face the screen . he watch the tape , which be footage of himself interview a girl about she sexual preference . the photography on the tape be handheld , relentless . as the question get more detailed , Graham become more arouse . there be a knock on Graham 's door . he calmly shut off the videotape player and stand , wrapping the sheet around himself . graham it 's open . Graham walk into the bedroom to put on some clothes . Ann open the door and walk into the apartment . ann hi! graham ( off ) ann. hello . ann be you in the middle of something ? graham ( off ) nothing I can not finish later . ann ( look ) I just want to see how the place look furnish . graham ( off ) not much to see , I be afraid . I be sort of cultivate a minimalist vibe . ann somehow I imagine book . I think you would have like a whole lot of book and be read all the time . Graham enter . graham I do read a lot . but I check everything out of the library . Graham pick up a anais nin diary and open it to show Ann the library sleeve inside . graham Cheaper that way . and cut down on the clutter . Ann walk to the table where the video gear be set up . Graham watch she closely . she look into a large box of 8 mm videotape . on the side of each tape be a label . the label look like this : donna / 11 dec 86 / 1:07:36 and so on . there be thirty or forty tape , total . ann what be this ? graham videotape . ann ( smile ) I can see that . what be they ? Graham exhales . graham it 's a personal project I be work on . ann what kind of personal project ? graham oh , just a personal project like anyone else 's personal project . mine 's just a little more personal . ann who 's donna ? graham donna ? ann donna . on this tape it say " donna " . graham ( think ) donna be a girl I know in Florida . ann you go out with she ? graham not really . Ann look in the box again . ann how come all this be girl 's name ? Graham think for a moment . graham because I enjoy interview woman more than man . ann all of this be interview ? graham yes . ann can we look at one ? graham no . ann why not ? graham because I promise each subject that no one would look at the tape except I . Ann look at Graham for a long moment , then back at the tape . ann what ... what be this interview about ? graham the ... interview be about sex , ann. ann about sex ? graham yes . ann what about sex ? graham everything about sex . ann like what ? graham like what they have do , what they do , what they do not do , what they want to do but be afraid to ask for , what they will not do even if ask . anything I can think of . ann you just ask they question ? graham yes . ann and they just answer they ? graham mostly . sometimes they do thing . ann to you ? graham no , not to I , for I , for the camera . ann ( stunne ) I do not ... why ... why do you do this ? graham I be sorry this come up . ann this be just ...so ... graham maybe you want to go . ann yes , I do . Ann nod and absently head for the door . she give Graham a puzzle look before leave . 22 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Ann be talk to Cynthia on the telephone . ann ( still shake ) I do not ... he do not want you to come over . cynthia what do you mean he do not want I to come over ? do you tell he about I ? ann no , I do not . cynthia why not ? ann because I never get around to it . cynthia well , why ? ann because . Cynthia , look , John be right . Graham be strange . very strange . you do not want to get involved with he . cynthia what the hell happen over there ? do he make a pass at you ? ann no ! cynthia then what 's the story , what 's this " strange " bullshit all of a sudden ? be he drown puppy , or what ? ann no , it 's nothing like that . cynthia well , what ? be he dangerous ? ann no , he 's not dangerous . not physically . cynthia well , what , then ? ann I do not want to talk about it . cynthia then why would you call I ? ann I do not know . Ann hang up . 23 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day Cynthia get out of the shower . the phone ring . she wrap herself in a towel and lift the receiver . cynthia hello . JOHN Cynthia . John . cynthia not today . I have get other plan . JOHN oh. ( pause ) well , when , then ? cynthia how about invite I over to dinner ? JOHN you know what I mean . cynthia yeah , I know what you mean . Cynthia hang up the phone . 24 int . graham' apartment -- day Graham sit smoking a cigarette . there be a knock at he door . graham it 's open . Cynthia enter . Graham look up at she . graham who be you ? cynthia I be Cynthia Bishop . graham do I know you ? cynthia I be Ann millaney 's sister . graham the extrovert . cynthia ( smile ) she must have be in a good mood when she say that . she usually call I loud . graham she call you that , too . May I ask why you be here ? cynthia you want I to leave ? graham I just want to know why you be here . cynthia well , like I say , Ann be my sister . sister talk . you can imagine the rest . graham no , I really can not . I find it healthy never to characterize people I do not know or conversation I have not hear . I do not know what you and you sister discuss about I or anything else . last time I see Ann she leave here very ... confuse , I would say . and upset . cynthia she still be . graham and be you here to berate I for make she that way ? cynthia nope . graham she do not tell you why she be upset ? cynthia nope . graham she do not give you my address ? cynthia nope . graham how do you find I ? cynthia I , uh , know a guy at the power company . graham I do not understand . why do you want to come here ? I mean , I can not imagine Ann paint a very flatter portrait of I . cynthia well , I do not really listen to she when it come to man . I mean , look at John , for crissake . oh , you go to school with he do not you ? you be probably friend or something . graham nope . I think the man be a liar . cynthia ( smile ) I think you be right . so come on , I come all the way over here to find out what get Ann so spook , tell I what happen . graham ( smile ) spook . he motion to the box of videotape . graham that box of tape be what get Ann so " spook " . Cynthia go over to the box and look inside for a long moment , study the label . cynthia oh , okay . I think I get it . graham what do you get ? cynthia well , they must be something sexual , because Ann get freak out by that shit . be this tape of you have sex with this girl or something ? graham not exactly . cynthia well , either you be or you be not . which be it ? graham why do not you let I tape you ? cynthia do what ? graham talk . cynthia about what ? graham sex . you sexual history , you sexual preference . cynthia what make you think I would discuss that with you ? graham nothing . cynthia you just want to ask I question ? graham I just want to ask you question . cynthia and that 's all ? graham that 's all . cynthia ( a crooked smile ) be this how you get off or something ? taping woman talk about they sexual experience ? graham yes . cynthia would anybody else see the tape ? graham absolutely not . they be for my private use only . cynthia how do we start ? graham I turn on the camera . you start talk . cynthia and you ask question , right ? graham yes . cynthia how long will it take ? graham that depend on you . one woman only use three minute . another fill up three two hour tape . cynthia can I see some of the other tape to get a idea of what -- graham no . cynthia ( think ) do I sit or stand ? graham whichever you prefer . cynthia I would rather sit . be you ready ? graham just a moment . Graham grab he 8 mm video camera , put in a new tape , and turn it on . graham I be now recording . tell I you name . cynthia Cynthia patrice Bishop . graham describe for I you first sexual experience . cynthia my first sexual experience or the first time I have intercourse ? graham you first sexual experience . cynthia ( think ) I be ... eight year old . Michael Green , who be also eight , ask if he could watch I take a pee . I say he could if I could watch he take one , too . he say okay , and then we go into the wood behind we house . I get this feel he be chicken out because he keep say , " lady first ! " so I pull down my underpant and urinate , and he run away before I even finish . graham be it ever a topic of conversation between the two of you afterward ? cynthia no . he kind of avoid I for the rest of the summer , and then he family move away . to Cleveland , actually . graham how unfortunate . so when do you finally get to see a penis ? cynthia when I be fourteen . graham live , or in a photograph or film of some sort ? cynthia very much live . graham what do you think ? do it look like you expect ? cynthia not really . I do not picture it with vein or ridge or anything , I think it would be smooth , like a test tube . graham be you disappointed ? cynthia no . if anything , after I look at it awhile , it get more interesting . it have character , you know ? graham what about when you touch it ? what do you expect it to feel like , and then what do it really feel like ? cynthia it be warmer than I think it would be , and the skin be softer than it look . it 's weird . think about it now , the organ itself seem like a separate thing , a separate entity to I . I mean , after he pull it out and I could look at it and touch it , I completely forget that there be a guy attach to it . I remember literally be startle when the guy speak to I . graham what do he say ? cynthia he say that my hand feel good . graham then what happen ? cynthia then I start move my hand , and then he stop talk . 25 int . graham' apartment -- day Cynthia , adjust she clothes , open the door to leave . she look very arouse . she and Graham do not speak or touch . 26 int . law office -- day John millaney pick up a telephone and press a blink button . JOHN John millaney . cynthia I want to see you . JOHN when ? cynthia right now . JOHN Jesus , I do not know if I can get away . I have get a client wait . I would have to do some heavy duty juggling . cynthia then get that ball in the air and get you butt over here . she hang up . John think a moment , then hit he intercom button . JOHN Janet , re-schedule kirkland , see if he can come in Friday . smooth thing out , tell he a emergency come up . I will slip out the back . 27 int . graham' apartment -- day Graham watch Cynthia 's tape , become excited . cynthia ( voice on tape ) would you like I to take my pants off ? graham ( voice on tape ) if you wish . ( pause ) you be not wear any underwear . cynthia ( voice on tape ) do you like the way I look ? graham ( voice on tape ) yes . cynthia ( voice on tape ) do you think I be pretty ? graham ( voice on tape ) yes . cynthia ( voice on tape ) prettier than Ann ? graham ( voice on tape ) different . 28 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day Cynthia and John be have sex . cynthia ( to Graham , voice on tape ) John do not have sex with Ann anymore . graham ( voice on tape ) be that what he tell you ? cynthia ( voice on tape ) he do not have to tell I . Cynthia have a intense orgasm . she roll off of John , sweat . JOHN Jesus Christ . you be on fire today . Cynthia smile . cynthia yes . you can go now . doctor ( voice over ) if you will not talk to I , I can not help you . a moment of silence . John be start to put he clothes on . Cynthia lie in bed , she eye close , she face serene . ann ( voice over ) I hate my sister . 29 int . doctor' office -- day doctor why ? ann ( rambling ) because all she think about be this guy she 's after and I just hate she she 's such a little slut I think that in high school and I think that now . why do people have to be so obsessed with sex all what 's the big damn deal ? I mean , it 's okay and everything , but I do not understand when people let it control they , control they life , why do they do that ? 30 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- night Ann lie awake in bed beside John , who be sound asleep . doctor ( voice over ) there be many thing that can exert control over one 's life , good and bad . religion , greed , philanthropy , drug . ann ( voice over ) I know , but this ... I just feel like everybody I know right now be obsessed with sex . Ann look over at John . she slowly reach under the cover and grasp he penis . without waking , he roll over and turn he back to she . she return to look at the ceiling . ann ( voice over ) except John , I guess . 31 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Ann be talk to Cynthia on the phone . Ann look very morose . cynthia he just ask I question . ann what kind of question ? cynthia question about sex . ann well , like what do he ask , exactly ? a pause . cynthia well , like , I do not want to tell you , exactly . ann oh , so you will let a total stranger record you sexual life on tape , but you will not tell you own sister ? cynthia apparently . ann do he ask you to take you clothes off ? cytnhia do he ask I to take my clothes off ? no , he do not . ann do you take you clothes off ? cynthia yes , I do . ann ( floor ) Cynthia ! cynthia what !? ann why do you do that ? cynthia because I want to . ann but why do you want to ? cynthia I want he to see I . ann Cynthia , who know where that tape may end up ? he could be ... bounce it off some satellite or something . some horny old man in South America or something could be watch it . cynthia he would not do that . ann you do not know that for sure . cynthia well , it 's too late now , be not it ? ann do he touch you ? cynthia no , but I do . ann you touch he ? cytnhia no , I touch I . ann wait a minute . do you mean ... do not tell I you ... in front of he . cynthia in front of he , Ann , yes . ann ( serious ) you be in trouble . cynthia ( laugh ) listen to you !! you sound like Mom . what be you talk about ? ann ( outrage ) I can t believe you do that !! cynthia why ? ann I mean , I could not do that in front of John , even . cynthia you could not do it , period . ann you know what I mean , you do not even know he ! cynthia I feel like I do . ann that do not mean you do . you can not possibly trust he , he 's ... pervert . cynthia he 's harmless . he just sit around and look at this tape . what 's the big deal ? ann so he 's get this catalogue of woman touch themselves ? that do not make you feel weird ? cynthia no . I do not think they all do what I do . ann you be in serious trouble . cynthia Ann , I do not understand why this freak you out so much . you do not do it , I do , and if it do not bother I , why should it bother you ? ann I do not want to discuss it . cynthia then why do you keep ask about it ? 32 int . lounge -- day a sparse daytime crowd . Cynthia serve a beer to some dude . he put the money down on the bar and look at she . dude ( as marlon brando ) be you a assassin ? cytnhia Excuse I ? dude ( still brando ) you be a errand boy ... send by grocery clerk ... to collect a bill . Ann enter the lounge , carry a package . dude ( to Cynthia ) brando , it 's brando , come on . cynthia it 's great . pardon I . Cynthia move down the bar to meet Ann . ann I wish you would get a answer machine . cytnhia there 's a phone here . ann it be busy . Ann open the package , revealing a lovely sun dress . ann here it be . cynthia what be it ? ann it 's a sun dress . cynthia it look like a tablecloth . ann it do not . cytnhia well , why would she want a sun dress ? she 's get spot on she shoulder and varicose vein . ann so will you , someday . cynthia yeah , and when I do , I will not be wear sun dress . the lounge phone ring . ann I be just try to -- cynthia hold on . Cynthia walk to the other end of the bar to answer the phone . the dude watch she pass . then he turn to Ann and give she the once -over . he spot the present . dude Nice dress . Ann say nothing . dude wanna hear my walter matthau ? you will love this . ( as matthau ) " feeelix , what be you , craaazee ? " ( back to normal ) pretty good , huh ? Cynthia pick up the phone . cynthia hello . JOHN Cynthia . John . cynthia well , this be timely . you wife be here , would you like to speak to she ? JOHN she 's there ? what 's she do there ? cytnhia she come by to show I a present that she and I be buy for you mother - in-law . JOHN oh . when can I see you ? cynthia I do not know . I be not sure I can duplicate the level of intensity I have the other day . JOHN nothing wrong with try . cynthia I do not think my sister would agree . a pause . JOHN do you want I to stop call ? cynthia look , I will call you , okay ? Cynthia hang up and walk back to Ann . cynthia so what 's my share of the dress ? ann thirty - two dollar . Cynthia pull thirty - five buck out of she jeans . she watch Ann put the money away . cynthia look , do not worry about the dress , I be sure she will love it . dude ( to Ann and Cynthia ) hey !! how about Tom brokaw ? nobody do brokaw . ( as Tom brokaw ) " in Iran today ... " 33 scene deleted 34 int . graham' apartment -- day Graham sit read a book . there be a knock at he door . graham it 's open . Cynthia enter the room , look very intent on something . graham hello . cynthia hi. Graham set he book down . he look at she for a moment , then drag on he cigarette . cynthia look , I be just go to come right out and tell you why I be here , okay ? graham okay . cynthia I would like to make another tape . Graham think for a moment . graham no . cynthia no ? not even one more ? graham I never do more than one . I be sorry . cynthia I can not talk you into it ? graham no . you will have to get somebody else . cynthia now who the hell be go to do that for I ? graham I be sure a substantial number of man in this town would volunteer . cynthia but I want you to do it , I want somebody who will ask the right question and everything , somebody I can play to and feel safe because you can not do anything . graham ouch . okay , I deserve that . Cynthia , do not you understand ? after the first time it 's just not spontaneous . there 's no edge anymore . look at the tape , there be only one date on each label . I have never tape anyone twice . cynthia so make a exception . graham no . cynthia how about if you record over the one we already make ? you could have the same date and not use another tape . who would know ? graham I would . cynthia well , what the hell be I suppose to do ? graham Cynthia , I do not know . cynthia I can not believe you be do this after I let you tape I . graham I be sorry . I can not do it . cynthia goddamit , give I my tape , then . graham no . Cynthia head for the tape box . Graham leap up to stop she . cynthia ( digging through the box ) it 's my fuck tape , you asshole -- Graham grab she wrist momentarily . graham ( heat ) no !! I tell you what the parameter be and you agree . it 's my tape . I look at it , I touch it , nobody else . Cynthia and Graham look at each other for a long moment . graham please go , I would like you to go now . Cynthia look at he . cynthia sure , okay . she leave . 35 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- night John and Ann lie in bed . the light be out . Ann be wide awake , while John be on the verge of sleep . he roll over and put he arm around she . she get up and sit in a chair opposite the bed . ann John ? JOHN mmmmm ... ann I call you Tuesday at 3:30 and they say you be not in . do you remember where you be ? CUT to : 36 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day John and Cynthia be in Cynthia 's bed , kissing . on the floor , John 's watch read 3:11 pm . CUT back to : 37 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- night JOHN Tuesday . I have a late lunch . ann do you see a message to call I when you get back in ? CUT to : 38 ext . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day John leave Cynthia 's house and drive straight home , greeting Ann as he step through the front door . CUT back to : 39 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- night JOHN yes . I just get busy . ann that 's interesting , because I do not leave a message . John be waking up a little . JOHN then maybe I see a old message . there be a lot of they on my desk , you know . ann who would you have lunch with ? JOHN I eat by myself . a pause . JOHN something wrong ? ann be you have a affair ? JOHN Jesus Christ , where would that come from ? I have a late lunch by myself and now I be fuck somebody ? ann well , be you ? JOHN no , I be not . frankly , I be offended at the accusation . ann if I be right , I want to know . I do not want you to lie . I would be very upset , but not as upset as if I would find out you would be lie . JOHN there 's nothing to know , Ann . ann I can not tell you how upset I would be if you be lie . JOHN Ann , you be completely paranoid . not ten minute ago I want to make love for the first time in week , and you act like I be dip in shit . you know , I think there be a lot of woman that would be glad to have a young , straight male make a pretty good live beside they in bed with a hard on . ann my sister , for one . be that who it be ? JOHN for God 's sake , Ann , I be not fuck you sister . I do not find she that attractive , for one . ann be that suppose to comfort I ? JOHN I be just say , you know ? I do not get paranoid when you do not want to make love . I could have easily assume that you do not want to because you be have a affair . ann but I be not . JOHN I be not either !! ann why do not I believe you ? JOHN look , this conversation be utterly ridiculous . maybe when you have some evidence , we should talk , but do not give I conjecture and intuition . ann always the lawyer . JOHN goddam right . I mean , can you imagine : " you honor , I be positive this man be guilty . I can not place he at the scene or establish a motive , but I have this really strong feel . " ann you have make you point . JOHN I be sorry . it 's just ... I be under a lot of pressure with this kirkland thing , it 's my first big case as junior partner , and I work all day , I come home , I look forward to see you , and ... it hurt that you accuse I like that . a pause . Ann exhales . ann I be sorry , too . I ... I get this idea in my head , you know , and I have nothing to do all day but sit around and concoct this intricate scenario . and then I want to believe it so I do not think I have waste the whole day . last week I be convinced you be have a affair with Cynthia , I do not know why . JOHN I do not , either . I mean , Cynthia , of all people . she 's so ... ann loud . JOHN yeah . jeez , give I some credit . ann I do not say it be rational , I just say I be convinced . JOHN be not therapy help at all ? ann I do not know . sometimes I feel stupid babbling about my little problem while child be starve in the world . JOHN quitting you therapy will not feed the child of ethiopia . ann I know . a pause . ann you never use to say " fuck " . 40 scene deleted 41 int . cynthia bishop' apartment -- day John sit on the edge of Cynthia 's bed , slowly undress . JOHN it 's just so blatantly stupid , I have a hard time believe you do it . cynthia what 's so stupid about it ? JOHN that you ... you do not even know the guy . cynthia well , you know he , he 's a friend of yours , do you think he can be trust ? JOHN shit , after what you have tell I , I do not know . I should have know , when he show up dress like some arty brat . cynthia I like the way he dress . JOHN what if this tape get into the wrong hand ? cynthia " the wrong hand " ? we be not talk about military secret , John . they be just tape that he make so he can sit around and get off . JOHN Jesus Christ . and he do not have sex with any of they ? they just talk ? cynthia right . JOHN Jesus . I could almost understand it if he be screwing this people , almost . why do not he just buy some magazine or porno movie or something ? cynthia do not work . he have to know the people , he have to be able to interact with they . JOHN interact , fine , but do you have to masturbate in front of he , for God 's sake ? I mean ... a pause . cynthia I feel like it , so what ? goddam , you and Ann make such a big deal out of it . JOHN you tell Ann about this ? cynthia of course . she be my sister . I tell she almost everything . JOHN I wish you have not do that . cynthia why not ? JOHN it 's just something I would prefer she do not know about . cynthia she 's a grow - up , she can handle it . JOHN I just ... Ann be very ... cynthia hung up . JOHN it just be not a smart thing to do . do you sign any sort of paper , or do he have any contract with you say he would not broadcast this tape ? cynthia no . JOHN you realize you have no recourse legally ? this stuff could show up anywhere . cynthia it will not . I trust he . JOHN ( disbely ) you trust he . cynthia yeah , I do . a helluva lot more than I trust you . JOHN what do you mean ? cynthia exactly what I say . I would trust he before I would trust you . how much clearer can I be ? JOHN it hurt that you would say that to I . cynthia ( laugh ) oh , please . come on , John . you be fuck you wife 's sister and you hardly be marry a year . you be a liar . but at least I know you be a liar . it 's the people that do not know , like Ann , that have to watch out . JOHN by definition you be lie to Ann , too . cynthia that 's right . but I never take a vow in front of God and everybody to be " faithful " to my sister . JOHN look , be we go to do it or not ? cynthia actually , no , I have change my mind . I should not have call . JOHN ( ingratiate ) well , I be here now . I would like to do something ... cynthia how about straighten up the live room ? John do not smile . cynthia come on , John . you should be happy , we have go this far without Ann find out , I be make it real easy on you . just walk out of here and I will see you at you house for a family dinner sometime . JOHN do he put you up to this ? cynthia who ? JOHN Graham . cynthia no , he do not put I up to this . Jesus , I do not need people to tell I what I should do . I have just be think about thing , that 's all . JOHN I can not believe I let he stay in my house . right under my nose . that deviant fucker be right under my nose and I do not see he . cynthia if he have be under you prick you would have spot he for sure . JOHN ( look at she ) God , you ... you be mean . cynthia I know . will you please leave now ? JOHN maybe I do not want to leave . maybe I want to talk . cynthia John , we have nothing to talk about . JOHN I know it , I know it . thing be get complicated . cynthia no , John , thing be get real simple . 42 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Ann , dress in some of John 's work clothes ( old cotton shirt , khaki pants ) be clean the house . not clean like a normal person , but like a obsessive / compulsive person . scrub spot that be already clean , vacuume the same area of rug over and over , etc . suddenly , a object lodge itself in the snout of the vacuum cleaner , make a loud noise . shut the machine off , Ann turn it over and see that Cynthia 's diamond stud earring have get hook in the take - up roller . Ann stare at Cynthia 's earring for a long moment . CUT to : Cynthia pick up she jacket from beside the bed after have sex with John . the earring slip out of the pocket and bounce under the edge of the bed . CUT back to : Ann as she set the earring onto the floor and begin to pound it with the bottom of a water glass , try to smash it to piece . she soon realize the futility of try to break a diamond . Ann look down at herself . suddenly realize that she be dress in John 's clothing , she frantically rip the shirt and pants from she body as though the material be burn she skin . popped button skid across the floor . clothed only in she bra and underwear , Ann sit in the middle of the bedroom floor , arm around herself . 43 ext . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- day Ann , now in jeans and t-shirt , stumble to she car . once inside , she jam the key into the ignition and rest she head against the steering wheel . 44 ext . graham' apartment -- day Ann lift she head from the steering wheel and look up . she look almost surprised to find that she have drive to Graham 's . slowly , she get out of the car . 45 int . graham' apartment -- day Graham sit read . there be a weak knock at the door . Graham listen , not sure he hear anything . there be a second weak knock . graham it 's open ! nothing happen . Graham get up and open the door himself . Ann stand against the wall of the hallway , she head down , she breathe deliberate . concerned , Graham slowly begin to lead she inside . impulsively , she hug he tightly . unaccustom to physical contact , Graham 's hand hang awkwardly at he side . Ann slowly pull back from the embrace and sit down . Graham go to the kitchen area and get she a glass of water . he give it to she and sit in the chair opposite . Ann hold the glass in she hand , stare at it . graham it 's bottled , not tap . a weak smile from Ann . she drink , swallow with difficulty . ann I be not sure why I come here . I have kind of decide not to talk to you after ... you know . graham I know . a pause . ann that son of a bitch . Ann look at Graham . ann ( sarcastic ) John and Cynthia have be ... " fuck " . graham I know . ann ( stunne ) you know ? graham yes . ann how do you know ? graham she say it on she tape . ann ( angry ) why do not you tell I ? graham Ann , when would I have tell you ? we be not speak , if you recall . Ann say nothing . graham but even if we have be speak , I would not have tell you . ann why not ? graham it 's not my place to tell you this thing , Ann . you have to find out by yourself or from John directly . you have to trust I on this . Ann shake she head . ann my life be ... shit . it 's all shit . it 's like somebody say , " okay , chair be not chair , they be actually swim pool " I mean , nothing be what I think it be . what happen to I ? have I be asleep ? I vaguely remember the wedding , but a lot of it be just a blur ... like I be watch from a distance . I can not believe he . why do not I trust my intuition ? Graham say nothing . ann and I be vacuume he goddam rug . his rug , that he pay to have put in he house . nothing in that place belong to I . I want to put some of my grandmother 's furniture in it , but he would not let I . so I m vacuume he rug . that bastard . Ann look at Graham . ann I want to make a tape . a pause . graham do you think that 's such a good idea ? ann do not you want to make one ? graham yes . but I sense the element of revenge here . ann what difference do it make why I do it ? graham I want you to be aware of what you be do and why , because I know that this be not the sort of thing you would do in a normal frame of mind . ann what would you know about a normal frame of mind ? graham ( impressed ) that 's a good question . ann what do you have to do to get ready ? graham load a new tape , turn the camera on . ann then do it . Graham open a new box of videotape . ann how do you pay for all this ? I mean , rent , and tape and this equipment . graham I have money . ann what will you do when the money run out ? graham it will not . be you ready ? ann yes . Graham turn the camera on . graham tell I you name . ann Ann Bishop millaney . CUT to black : then CUT to : 46 ext . graham' apartment -- dusk Street light be illuminate . night be imminent . 47 int . graham' apartment -- dusk Graham stop the video recorder . the record meter be stop at 46:02 . Ann sit beside Graham on the couch . she look into he eye , stroking he hair . after a moment , she get up to leave . 48 int . JOHN and ann millaney' house -- night John be talk on the phone as Ann walk through the door . he mumble a apology into the receiver and hang up as Ann move to the couch , she expression calm . JOHN ( worried ) Jesus Christ ! what the hell happen ? I come home and you car be go , the door be open , I think for sure you would be abduct by some mad fucker , I be literally just call the cop when you walk in . what happen ? ann I want out of this marriage . JOHN ( genuinely shocked ) what ? ann ( look at he ) I want out of this marriage . JOHN why ? ann we will call it uncontest or whatever . I just want out . John move to sit beside she on the couch . Ann do not look at he . JOHN ( conciliatory ) Ann , honey , please , tell I what 's wrong . do not just say you want out and leave I wonder . you can not just go without tell I why . Ann turn to look at he for a moment , then turn away . ann fuck you . I can do what I want . John 's mouth literally hang open in shock . he be dumbstruck . ann I will stay at my mother 's . John get up from the couch and begin pace . JOHN where do you go when you leave here ? ann I drive around . then I go to talk with Graham . John smack he hand on he leg . JOHN goddammit , goddammit !! that son of a bitch !! ( think ) well , at least I know you do not fuck he . ann no , but I want to . I really want to , partially just to piss you off . John be seethe . JOHN you be leave I for he , be not you ? well , that make a sad sort of sense . he can not , and you will not . ann I be not go to discuss this with you anymore . you be make no sense . John walk over to Ann . JOHN do you make one of that goddam tape ? Ann say nothing . JOHN answer I , godammit !! do you make one of that tape ? ann yes ! John explode , hit the wall all around Ann . she cower beneath the storm . John bolt from the house . ann don't you touch he !!! 49 int . graham' apartment - night Graham stand in the middle of the room with a cigarette in he mouth , try to teach himself to moonwalk . 50 ext . graham' apartment -- night John screech to a halt , parking haphazardly . he get out of the car and run to Graham 's apartment . 51 int . graham' apartment -- night John burst through the door without bother to knock . Graham look up , startle . before he can even react , John have he by the lapel . graham hi , John . JOHN where be the tape , Graham ? graham what tape ? JOHN you know which tape ! where be they ? graham John , as a lawyer , you should know that that tape be private property . JOHN so be my wife , asshole !! graham she 's not property , John , she 's a person . be you just go to keep right on lie to she ? JOHN what the hell do you think ? I love Ann . you think I be go to tell she about Cynthia and hurt she feeling like that ? graham God , you need help . JOHN I need help ? whose sit by himself in a room choke he chauncey to a bunch of videotape , Graham ? not I , buddy . you be the fuck nut . now show I that tape . graham no . JOHN I be not kid , Graham , you would better do what I say . give I that tape . graham no . John punch Graham in the jaw , knock he to the floor . Graham feel he mouth for blood as John pick he up by the shirt . JOHN Graham , I swear to Christ I will kill you scrawny ass . now give I that tape . graham no . John roughly push Graham into one of the director 's chair , which topple over and throw Graham to the floor once again . John look around . he see the box of tape and begin to go through the content . Graham get up and run over to stop he . graham get away from that !! they belong to I !! Graham and John struggle . John hit Graham in the stomach and push he to the floor . JOHN give I you key . graham my key ? John bend over and start go through Graham 's pocket . JOHN you key , asshole !! you two fuck key !! give they to I !! graham I be not go to give you my key . John beat Graham until Graham can offer no resistance . he then drag Graham into the hallway and leave he there . John then lock himself inside Graham 's apartment . John walk over to the box of videotape and begin to search through they spastically . he find both Cynthia and Ann 's tape . after a brief deliberation , he decide to watch ann' . he turn on the player and the monitor . after pull a chair up to the screen , John press the button mark " play " . in the hallway , Graham drag himself to the door of he apartment . put he ear to the inlet , he strain to hear what be go on inside . John watch the monitor come to life . the image be Ann , sit in a chair . graham ( on tape ) tell I you name . ann ( on tape ) Ann Bishop millaney . graham ( on tape ) you be marry , correct ? JOHN goddam right . ann ( on tape ) yes . graham ( on tape ) who usually initiate sex ? John 's jaw tighten . JOHN bastard ... ann ( on tape ) he do . graham ( on tape ) do you talk to he ? ann ( on tape ) when we be make love ? graham ( on tape ) yes . ann ( on tape ) sometimes . afterward . graham ( on tape ) do he go down on you ? JOHN ( shouting at Graham ) you son of a bitch !! ann ( on tape ) not very often . graham ( on tape ) I would . John be literally so mad he can not speak . he watch the screen in mute anger , he hand wrap tightly around the arm of the chair . Graham still listen from the hallway . graham ( on tape ) have you ever want to make love to someone other than you husband ? JOHN goddamit ... Ann hesitates . JOHN ( to Ann 's image ) answer he , goddammit !! graham ( on tape ) you be hesitate . I think that mean you have . JOHN ( to Graham on tape ) shut up !!! ann ( on tape ) you do not know what I be think . graham ( on tape ) it 's a simple question . have you ever think of have -- make love with someone other than you husband ? John lean forward . ann ( on tape ) be he go to see this ? graham ( on tape ) absolutely not . a sarcastic chuckle from John . in the hallway , Graham furrow he brow . ann ( on tape ) I have think about it , yes . JOHN ( to Ann 's image ) you bitch . I know it . graham ( on tape ) do you have sex before you be marry ? ann ( on tape ) yes . graham ( on tape ) do the person you make love with satisfy you more than you husband ? JOHN ( to Graham ) God damn you !! ann ( on tape ) yes . John stand and throw he chair against the door . Graham , still listen at the door , be startle . graham ( on tape ) and you have think about ... make love to that person again since you have be marry ? John watch the monitor , he eye beginning to water . ann ( on tape ) I do not see what difference it make , I mean , I can think what I want . ( pause ) I do not know if I want to do this anymore , I be afraid ... I do not mind answer the question so much , but if somebody be to see this ... graham ( on tape ) at some level , I do not understand you nervousness . have you decide to leave John ? Ann think . John watch . ann ( on tape ) yes , I have . I will . graham ( on tape ) then as far as this taping go , you have nothing to worry about . ann ( on tape ) I guess not . graham ( on tape ) do you want I to stop ? John , absorb in the image , absently shake he head . ann ( on tape ) no . graham ( on tape ) be there people other than you previous lover that you have fantasize about ? a pause . ann ( on tape ) yes . whenever ... all right , look . whenever I see a man that I think be attractive , I wonder what it would be like with he , I mean , I be just curious , I do not act on it , but I hate that I think that !! I wish I could just forget about that stuff !! graham ( on tape ) why ? ann ( on tape ) because that 's how Cynthia think !! all she do be think about that stuff , and I hate that , I do not want to be like she , I do not want to be like she !! graham ( on tape ) you be not like you sister . you could not be like she if you want to . ann ( on tape ) I know . deep down , I know that . it just bother I , when I have feeling or impulse that she have . John pick up the chair he throw and set it upright . he sit down and watch the screen impassively . Graham still listen from outside . graham ( on tape ) so you do fantasize ? ann ( on tape ) yes . graham ( on tape ) about who ? ann ( on tape ) I fantasize about you . graham ( on tape ) about I ? ann ( on tape ) yes . a pause . ann ( on tape ) have you fantasize about I ? graham ( on tape ) I think I make that clear before , when I say I would go down on you . ann ( on tape ) I remember . you could do that , could not you ? go down on I ? graham ( on tape ) yes . ann ( on tape ) if I ask you to , would you ? not on tape , I mean ? graham ( on tape ) no . ann ( on tape ) on tape ? graham ( on tape ) no . ann ( on tape ) why not ? graham ( on tape ) if I can not do it all , I do not want to do anything . and I can not do it all . ann ( on tape ) can not or will not ? a pause . John be still watch the tape , he face betray no emotion . Graham still listen from outside . CUT to : the previous afternoon . we be no longer look at Ann on the monitor , but watch she and Graham as they made the tape . for instance , we can now see Graham from Ann 's point of view , or the two of they at the same time , etc . graham can not . ann you say you be not always impotent . graham that 's correct . ann so you have have sex . graham yes . ann who be the last person you have sex with ? graham her name be Elizabeth . ann so what happen ? be it so bad that it turn you off ? graham no , it be wonderful . that be not the problem . ann what be the problem ? graham the problem be I . I be ... I be a pathological liar . or be , I should say . lying be like alcoholism , one be always " recover " . ann so you lie to she ? graham yes . I do . willfully and repeatedly . ann how come ? graham I love she for how good she make I feel , and I hate she for how good she make I feel . and at that time , I tend to express my feeling non-verbally . I could not handle anyone have that much control over my emotion . ann and now you can ? graham now I make sure that no one have the opportunity to test I . ann do not you get lonely ? graham how could I , with all this nice people stop by ? the fact be that I have live by myself for so long , I can not imagine live with another person . it 's amazing what you can get use to if enough time go by . and anyway , I be ask the question . be you happy ? ann I do not know anymore . I think I be , but obviously I be wrong . graham do you confront John with the fact that you know about he ? ann not yet . I be not sure I will . I just want out . graham if you do get out of you marriage , will you continue to be inhibit ? ann I do not know . it all get back to that Cynthia thing . I do not like she ... eagerness . there 's nothing leave to imagine , there 's no ... graham subtlety ? ann subtlety , yes . no subtlety . plus , I have never really feel able to open up with anyone . I mean , that other person I tell you about , I enjoy make love with he a lot , but I still be not able to really let go . I always feel like I be be watch and I should not embarrass myself . graham and you feel the same way with John ? ann kind of . I mean , John 's like this kind of ... craftsman . like he 's a carpenter , and he make really good table . but that 's all he can make , and I do not need anymore table . graham interesting analogy . ann I be babbling . graham no , you be not . ann ( think ) God , I m so mad at he !! graham you should be . he lie to you . so do Cynthia . ann yeah , I know , but somehow I expect that from she , I mean , she will do it with almost anybody , I do not know , I should not stick up for she I guess , but he . he lie so ... deeply !! ooo , I want to watch he die !! Ann sit quietly for a moment . Graham watch she silently . the camera continue to roll . ann ( look up at Graham ) you be really never go to make love again ? graham I be not plan on it . a pause . ann if you be in love with I , would you ? graham I be not in love with you . ann but if you be ? graham I ... I can not answer that precisely . ann but I feel like maybe I could be really comfortable with you . graham that 's very flatter . ann so why will not you make love with I ? why would not you , I mean ? graham Ann . be you ask I hypothetically , or be you ask I for real , right now ? ann I be ask for real . I want you to turn that camera off and make love with I . will you ? a pause . graham I can not . ann why not ? graham I have tell you . ann but I do not understand -- graham Ann , it could happen to I all over again , do not you see ? I could start to -- ann but how do you know for sure , you have to try to find a way to fig -- graham I could not face she if I have sleep with somebody else . a pause . ann who ? Elizabeth ? graham ( uncomfortable ) yes . ann you mean you be still in contact with she ? graham no . ann but you be plan to be ? graham I do not know . possibly . ann wait a minute , wait a minute . what 's go on here ? do you come back here just to see she again ? graham not entirely . ann but that be part of it ? graham yes . ann like maybe a big part ? graham possibly . ann Graham , I mean , what do you think she reaction be go to be if you contact she ? graham I do not know . ann look at you , look at what 's happen to you , look how you have change ! do not you think she will have change ? graham I do not know . I really would rather not talk about it . ann ( have to laugh ) whoa !! I be so glad we get that on tape !! you will not answer a question about Elizabeth , but I have to answer all this intimate question about my sex life !! Graham , what do you think she 's go to make of all this videotape ? be you go to tell she about they ? I can not imagine she be too understanding about that . but since you do not lie anymore , you will have to say something . graham as I say , I have not decide what to do , exactly . perhaps I will not do anything . ann oh , you just move here to think about it , right ? Graham say nothing . Ann look at he . ann oh , God , Graham , this be so ... pathetic . you be not even what you pretend to be , you be a lie , you be a bigger lie than you ever be . Graham set the camera down , though it continue to record . he be visibly upset . graham all right , you want to talk about lie , let 's talk about lie , Ann . let 's talk about lie to yourself . you have not be able to sleep with you husband because you be no longer in love with he , and maybe you never be . you have not be honest with yourself in longer than you can remember . ann ( heat ) yeah , you be right . but I never claim to know everything like you , and have all this little theory . I be still learn , I know that . but I do not feel like I have waste time . if I have to go through my marriage to get to where I be right now , fine . Ann move in closer , burrow , she eye on fire . ann but you . you have waste nine year . I mean , that have to be some sort of weird record or something , nine year . how do that feel ? Graham say nothing . Ann pick up the camera and point it at he . graham do not do that . ann why not ? graham because . ann " because " ? that 's not good enough . I ask you a question , Graham . I ask you " how do it feel " ? how do it feel , Mr. I want to go down on you but I can not ? do you know how many people you have suck into you weird little world ? include I ? come on , how do it feel ? graham I can not tell you like this . ann I be just go to keep ask until you answer . I be sure there 's plenty of tape . graham I do not find this " turn the table " thing very interesting -- ann I do not care . Graham reach up for the camera . Ann knock he hand away . ann not until I get some answer . tell what you feel . not what you think , I have hear plenty of that . what you feel . Graham be on the verge of completely fall apart . ann come on !! graham all right !! all right !! you want to know ? you want to know how I feel ? I feel ashamed . be that what you want to hear ? a pause . Graham regains he composure somewhat . ann why be you ashamed ? graham Jesus Christ , Ann . why be anybody anything ? I think you have this idea that people be either all good or all bad , and you do not allow for any gray area , and that 's what most of we consist of . ann you be not answer I . graham ( heat ) well , what kind of answer be you look for , Ann ? what be it exactly that you want to know ? ann I want to know why you be the way you be ! graham and I be tell you it 's not any one thing that I can point to and say " that 's why ! " it do not work that way with people who have problem , Ann , it 's not that neat , it 's not that tidy ! it 's not a series of little box that you can line up and count . thing just do not happen that way . ann but why can not you just put it all behind you ? can not you just forget it ? all that stuff you do ? graham no , Ann , I can not . I can not forget it . it 's not something I can fix . it 's difficult . there 's something in my mind ... the way my brain work ... [ frustrated ) God , Ann , when you be with another person , and you be ... inside they , you be so vulnerable , you be revealing so much ... there 's no protection . and ... somebody could say , or do something to you while you be in this ... state of ... nakedness . and they could hurt you without even know it . in a way that you could not even see . ( look at Ann ) and you would withdraw . to make sure it do not happen again . Ann look at he for a long moment and then set the camera down . she move in front of Graham and kneel . ann I want to touch you . Graham shake he head . ann I want to touch you . graham no . Ann reach out , and Graham instinctively begin to move away . ann Graham . something in she voice make he stop . they eye lock . Graham slowly move back toward she . Ann 's hand ease out to he , she eye still burn into he . Graham close he eye , accept Ann 's touch . she caress he . slowly . delicately . she touch he arm , he face , he hair . close she eye , she take he hand and put it against she face . she begin to lie he back on the couch . when he offer light resistance , she gently persist . ann keep you eye close . Graham lie back , silently obey . Ann touch he face . gradually , she hand slip to he neck and she begin to unbutton he shirt . she watch he face , hope that he will remain calm . he do . she rub she hand on he chest . once again she bring Graham 's hand to she face . she move he hand to she neck and throat , painting she skin with he finger . soon each hand be explore the other . finger search for and find hide area . Ann stand . they hand remain together , and Graham 's eye remain close . Ann move onto the couch with Graham . she gently lower herself into a sit position on he waist . she slowly move both of she hand onto Graham 's chest . they move forward and back , like a lazy tide . she look at Graham . his face be tranquil . Ann quietly begin to move she face toward he . soon she be hover inch above he , she long hair touch he feature . she lower she lip to he forehead and kiss he . she wait for a negative reaction . get none , she move lower and kiss he eye . still receive no discouragement , she move to he nose . a subtle movement from Graham . Ann wait for a moment . she then move to he lip , she luxuriant tresses envelop he face . she kiss he lightly . she kiss he again . Graham tilt he head back and she softly kiss he neck . Graham 's hand make they way up Ann 's back until they have reach she neck . he slowly pull he face to hers . he kiss she . Graham be flood with warmth and excitement . he caress she , intoxicating himself with physical contact . the kiss become more meaningful , and the touch become more passionate . for a moment , Graham seem about to evaporate in a state of ecstasy , he eye fill with relief and happiness . but he gaze happen to fall on the video camera , which continue to record . Graham seize up and abruptly back away from Ann 's embrace . reality slowly envelope he . ann Graham ... graham I be okay . it 's okay . Ann reach for he hand . he allow she to take it . graham ( almost daze ) it 's okay . Graham look at Ann for a long moment . she see the acceptance and gratitude in he eye . she smile lightly . Graham move forward and shut off the camera . CUT back to : John watch the tape . there be video snow on the monitor now . the tape timer read 46:02 . John get up slowly , eject the tape from the player , and head for the door . Graham , hearing the footstep approach , back away from the inlet . his eye be swollen , and he hold one of he hand in a curious position . John open the door . he look at Graham for a moment before reach into he pocket for Graham 's key . he dangle they in he hand as he stand over Graham . JOHN I never tell you this , because I think it would crush you , but now I could give a shit . ( pause ) I fuck Elizabeth . before you break up . before you be have trouble , even . so you can stop make she into a saint . she be good in bed and she could keep a secret . and that 's about all I can say about she . John drop Graham 's key to the floor and leave . Graham stand , fight back tear , and walk into he apartment . he pull Ann 's tape from the videotape player . he reach inside the cassette cartridge and pull the videotape itself out , ruin it forever . he do the same to every other tape in both the box . calmly . deliberately . methodically . he walk over to the camera / recorder , trail a mound of videotape behind he . he break the lens off the camera body , and smashes the inner working against the edge of the table . he then drop the damage unit into the pile of destroy tape , where it disappear . CUT to black : then CUT to : 52 int . law office -- day John millaney talk to he colleague . JOHN man , not have to answer to anybody ... I feel like this huge weight have be lift from my shoulder . I mean , come on , if I decide that I would rather live alone , what 's so bad about that ? it 's not like I have decide to live a life of crime , right ? it 's just how I feel , you can not help the way you feel , you just have to be honest about it . John dial a number on he telephone . voice on phone IBM . JOHN ( to phone ) Brian kirkland , please . voice on phone May I ask who 's call ? JOHN John millaney . voice on phone one moment . JOHN ( to he colleague ) anyway , I have always say , the work be the thing . I can be happy without a marriage , but take away my work , that 's different . and if Ann can not handle that , that 's she problem , like we be all alone in this world , you know what I be say ? I mean , fuck . ( look at phone ) Jesus , what 's takin ' this guy ? the intercom click to life . secretary ( on speaker ) Mr. millaney ? JOHN yeah . secretary ( on speaker ) Mr. forman would like to see you in he office . JOHN okay , in a minute , I be on with a client . secretary ( on speaker ) he say immediately . JOHN all right , jesus . the intercom click off . voice on phone Mr. millaney ? JOHN yes ? voice on phone Mr. kirkland have ask I to inform you that he have obtain legal representation elsewhere , and that if you have a message for he to leave it with I . John swallow . JOHN thank you . I ... there be no message . thank you . John hang up . he think for a moment , rub he forehead . the intercom click to life . secretary ( on speaker ) Mr. millaney , Mr. forman be wait . dude ( voice over ) come on , I be not ask too much , be I ? just one little question . 53 int . lounge -- day Cynthia be tend bar . the dude from earlier be still there , puffing on a big cigar . dude just tell I what time you get off . work , I mean . what 's the harm in that ? whaddaya say ? Ann enter the lounge . Cynthia watch with apprehensive surprise as Ann approach with a pot plant . cynthia ( to dude ) Excuse I . Cynthia move to meet Ann at the end of the bar . Ann set the plant down on the counter . her manner be diffident , but not hostile . ann I know it 's you birthday , and I know you like plant . so I get you this . Cynthia be very move , though she struggle valiantly to conceal she emotion . cynthia thank you . ann well . I can not stay . Ann begin to leave . cynthia can I call you ? Ann turn back to face she . they look at each other for a moment . ann do you have my work number ? cynthia no . Ann write the number down on a napkin . ann I get real busy between two and four . cynthia okay . Ann look at Cynthia again before leave . ann bye . cynthia bye . Ann leave . Cynthia continue to look at the door long after Ann have leave . dude Nice plant . Cynthia turn to he . cynthia do I a favor . do not come in here anymore . 54 scene deleted 55 int . graham' apartment -- day Graham sit read . there be now some furniture in the apartment . bookshelve , plant , etc . there be periodicals on the table where the video gear use to be . there be no cigarettes . there be a knock at Graham 's door , which now have a deadbolt lock . graham who be it ? a knock again . Graham set he book down and go to the door . he unlock the deadbolt and open it . Ann stand in the hallway . Graham be obviously flushed with feel at see she . she wordlessly move into the room , she movement like a slow breeze , she expression calm . Graham watch she go by . she stop in the middle of the room , she back to he . Graham move toward she slowly . sense he behind she , she breathe become deep . Graham slowly enfold she in he arm , he face against she hair . she close she eye as they finger entwine . CUT to black the end