" sgt rock , " by David webb people producer : Joel Silver Arnold schwartzenegger sgt . rock a original screenplay by David webb people base on the comic book character create by Bob kanigher first draft August , 1987 warner bros . inc . o 1987 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . inc . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved note : Nazi rhyme with potsy ... nazzey rhyme with snazzy ... likewise the plural ... a tiny village / night moonlight illuminate a mountain village consist merely of a cobble street and a cluster of modest cottage . a jeep full of nazi soldier grind through the desert street as word appear supere over the scene ... italy , 1943 peer from the crack in shutter window frighten child watch shadowy nazi soldier as they dismount from the Jeep . moment later the soldier move ominously from house to house while a nazi officer , speak in crude italian , question a peasant woman in she doorway , she child cling in terror to she skirt , they eye on the tower nazi , whose face be lose in shadow ... nazi officer ( italian , subtitle ) Americans ? where ? peasant woman ( italian , subtitle ) no , no . not here . nazi officer ( italian , subtitle ) where ? how far ? how many kilometer ? the child cringe in horror as the nazi officer grab the woman roughly by the arm , shaking she . peasant woman ( italian , subtitle ) I do not know . ( point south ) that way , I think . five kilometer maybe . nazi officer ( italian , subtitle ) you be lie , you wop whore , I do not believe you . a voice ( o.s. ) ( german , subtitle ) Excuse I , sir . the nazi officer turn to see a hulk nazi corporal approach he from the shadow , he face lose in the gloom . nazi officer ( german , subtitle ) what be it , corporal ? you be suppose to be watch the perimeter ... corporal ( german , subtitle ) a message , sir , by courier ... from the fuhrer himself . nazi officer ( german , subtitle ) what ? what be you talk about ? the corporal move closer , he face still shadow , he voice apologetic as the officer glare suspiciously ... corporal ( german , subtitle ) the fuhrer say there 's be a mistake , we be not the master race ! he say we be a bunch of pervert fool . as the nazi officer stare in flabbergasted disbelief , the corporal embrace he fiercely , yanking a nine inch knife blade upward from the nazi officer be gut , rip he open , spattering blood on the astonished peasant woman and she child . as the nazi officer slump to the ground , the big nazi corporal turn on the dumbfounded peasant woman and shove she and she child inside the house . his word be English this time ... corporal Inside ! Presto ! hurry , inside ! as he turn he attention back to the street , we glimpse the corporal be face for the first time ... unshaven , scar , tough and battle wear ... the face of war ! this be sergeant rock , a thirty year old american soldier of german descent disguise for the moment as a german corporal . twenty yard away , in the street , two nazi soldier be just notice the shadowy body of the officer slump on the cobble in front of the darken doorway ... rock open up with a automatic weapon , a grease gun . ratta ratta ratta ratta ! outside the village wildman , a wild look american corporal , blond and bearded , erupt from behind a rock on the craggy slope , rifle ready . wildman that 's it ! come on , let 's go . a lone german sentry , startle , raise he rifle to fire , but before he can get off a shot , wildman gun he down . Seven more american infantryman burst from hide and move toward the village and the sound of gunfire . they be ... tony pascalano , whipsnake jame , beef riley , TEXAS flore , geronimo jone , mike farracci , martin kluzewski , and tom pardee . STREET , village still crouch in the doorway , rock fire on a jeep load of four german soldier as they pull up close to the body of the man he fire on . bullet splatter around rock as the german , crouching behind they halt jeep , blaze away at he furiously until they be suddenly distract by shot from they flank . rock take advantage of the distraction to hastily yank a grenade from a d-ring on he chest , pull the pin , and toss it toward the jeep . booooooooom ! the grenade explode . rock start to advance on the jeep , fire steadily . crack ! somebody fire from behind he . rock whirl and hit the ground roll , see a dark figure emerge from the shadow , fire on he . dark figure give zee up , asshole ! rock hold you fire , it 's I . do not shoot . the dark figure be whipsnake . whipsnake shit , sarge , you sure have I fool . village STREET / later two german soldier be squatting with they hand on they head , while whipsnake cover they with a m - 1 . two more german soldier lie bleed while geronimo and pardee bend over they , tend to they injury . four more german soldier be sprawle in the street , dead , while TEXAS search they and kluzewski examine the dead officer . rock be shed he disguise , revealing the fatigue with the chevron underneath the german uniform as beef approach he ... beef they do not suspect ya , huh , sarge ? ya walk right up to they ? rock easy , no problem . beef no kid . you do not talk to them do you ? I mean , do you say anything in kraut ? rock not much . beef ( awed ) you talk to them ? you actually talk kraut with they and they think you be a nazzey ? God damn ! whadja talk about ? rock Politics . nonpluss , beef watch rock , in american uniform now , turn he back and start across the street . just then kluzewski approach rock ... kluzewski hey , sarge , there 's a officer with this decease guy in a different uniform . like the one at kassarene ... rock react sharply as we ... CUT to : STREET / moment later rock frown as he stare at one of the dead body . the uniform be indeed slightly different from the other . rock consider a ring on the dead man 's finger . then he rip the collar patch from the jacket . across the STREET farracci be surround by the local peasant , include the peasant woman . he 's talk to they in italian as rock cross the street toward he . farraci ( italian , subtitle ) a lotta Americans speak german and italian . we parent come from over here , we get root in the old country . my folk be from outside a firenze , they be always talkin ' about old firenze ... interrupt farracci in English , rock loom over the awed peasant , hold up the collar patch from the Nazi uniform ... rock ask they if they have see any more kraut with outfit like this ... farracci turn to the peasant as we ... CUT to outside villa modesto / morning several rifle company be bivouace in a confusion of tent outside a elegant italian villa perch on a steep slope in the mountain . as gis busy themselves wait for more war , whipsnake , beef , pascalano , and farracci regale some of the other unshaven , war - weary man from easy company with detail of last night 's patrol ... whipsnake ... so we be gonna sneak up on them cause we do not know how many there be or anything , and the wildman 's s'pose to slit the sentry 's throat only he get the dull edge of the knife against the kraut 's neck ... a listener name bigelow be horrify at the fuck -up . bigelow the dull edge ! beef ( triumphantly ) ... so he strangle the guy instead ... whipsnake ... and rock see there 's no blood on the uniform ... beef ... and the kraut 's about he size ... whipsnake ... so rock put on the kraut uniform ... beef ... and walk right in there with the kraut ... whipsnake ... and talk to they in german ! beef about politics for christsake ! as jade and weary as the listener be , they be all at least mildly impressed by rock be exploit ... except one , a grizzle old timer ( thirty - five ) name retread ... retread he 's gonna get we kill . the man take risk ... a storm of protest ... farracci careful risk ! pascalano a ' he take them , retread . he 's not like summa they officer , he do not ask you to do something ' he would not do ... retread shake he head knowingly as if talk to child ... retread that might be true ... but there be not anything that asshole would not do ! so where 's that leave ya ? retread , he point prove , smile triumphantly as we ... CUT to inside the villa major pritchard , battalion commander , frown as he finger the collar patch rock tore from the Nazi while captain walter address he ... walter you do not want to discourage the man from bring in information , sir ... they're in the huge ballroom of the villa where furniture have be push aside to create a ludicrously spartan battalion headquarters in the midst of italianate splendor . pritchard of course not ! but I do not want they play genius and draw conclusion they be not qualified to draw either ... walter he 's a experience man , not a new recruit , he 's serve in North Africa , he be decorate three time at kassarene ... pritchard for bravery , not for intelligence . I admire brave man , Captain , but I have observe that some of the bravest be some of the stupidest . in fact the quality at time seem to be complimentary . and stupidity lose , Captain ( almost always ) , where smart win ( almost always ) ... walter ( coldly ) I guess courage be irrelevant , sir . pritchard ( a shrug ) we lose at kassarene . ( then ... ) through no fault of the sergeant 's , I be sure . send he in . walter , furious , move to the door and call into the foyer ... walter sergeant rock ... walter stand aside as rock enter and salute the major smartly . the batter sergeant look particularly out of place in the villa . pritchard at ease , sergeant ... ( then ... ) that be a helluvan action last night , impressive in every way . you inflicted casualty on the enemy without suffer any loss . top notch soldier ! you submit a list of the man on that patrol to the Captain and I will see that every one of they be decorate , yourself include . rock be eye drift to the collar patch in pritchard be hand even as he respond stiffly ... rock I be sure I speak for the man in thanking you , sir . they will be grateful . pritchard have catch rock be look and now he hold up the collar patch . pritchard Captain Walters say you attach considerable significance to this patch , sergeant . rock I have see they before , sir . in North Africa . waffen ss , panzer division . pritchard you be not go to see tank up here , rock , not in this kind of country . we try some sherman , five of they , and we lose three in one week . not to the enemy , to the terrain . rock well , sir , with or without tank , they be crack troops , they be not a defensive outfit ... pritchard ( cut he off ) sergeant , you be not qualified to speculate . I be go to forward this patch along with you report , not you conclusion , to Intelligence where it will be properly analyze by qualified people . in the meantime , I do not want you gossipe around the battalion ... rock be eye flash with suppress anger , he jaw set , he voice cold and flat ... rock " gossipe , " sir ? pritchard start rumor about a attack by Nazi super - soldier in tank . that kind of nonsense can be very demoralize to the man , especially the negroes . there 's a color outfit in the battalion and that people can get spook by rumor and panic ! be I clear ? rock stare stiffly ahead . rock yes , sir . pritchard ( turn away ) give that name to the Captain . you do very good work . dismiss . as rock turn to go , walter give he a secret , rueful shrug , but rock do not respond , exite . pritchard see what I mean ? gut up the giggy , but no brain at all , he probably can not fart and wipe he ass on the same day , too complicated ... walter he 's not bookish , Major , but that do not mean ... pritchard ( explode ) they be not Indians , Captain ! they be not go to sneak up on we on tippy toe , they be Germans ! Nazis , the wehrmacht , a war machine ! if they be gonna attack this pass , they will pound the live shit out of we with artillery , they will hammer we with 88s and scream mimis , they will bomb we till we be grateful to be attack , for chrissake ! now do you hear any german plane ? do you hear any german fuck artillery ? as if on cue , there 's a whistling sound . the two man stare at each other and pritchard be jaw sag as the whistling get louder , someone shout outside and then ... booooooooooooom ! the whole place shudder , plaster fall as a shell burst outside , close to the villa . outside the vtlla Chaos ! death ! blood ! scream ! retread and beef be yell for everyone to take cover ... retread Inside ! get in the cellar ! take cover . whipsnake be shouting for a medic as wildman and pascalano try to help farracci who 's sprawle in a confusion of tear and twisted body complete cover with blood . as they free he , another shell whistle overhead and soldier dash frantically out of the way ... baaaaawhooooooom ! a shell slam into the villa , partially collapse the roof . wildman be still hold farracci , scream for a medic . a red-haire youth , a medic name o'hara , be help a injure man when wildman grab he and indicate the bloody farracci . o'hara look at farracci and shake he head . o'hara he 's go , soldier . better take cover . retread and beef be help man into the smoking villa as another shell whistle overhead ominously ... retread come on , you asshole ! the cellar ! inside the villa in the smoke and plaster dust pritchard be digging in the debris of the collapse section of ceiling , uncover captain walter , as the next shell hit outside , shudder the whole villa . beef and retread be herding man past pritchard toward the cellar . pritchard you ! give I a hand . beef dutifully respond , lift a board and revealing captain walter face . walter be weak , blood trick from he mouth . he look at pritchard and speak weakly . captain walter Fucking Indians ! pritchard watch horrify as walter slip into unconsciousness and beef take he pulse ... beef he 's dead , Major . we better get in the cellar . outside the villa wildman , pardee , kluzewski , geronimo , and TEXAS be support or carry injured men into the damage villa , head for the cellar . pardee react to something he see . o'hara and another medic be hunch over a body , the face so bloody as to be unrecognizable ... but the sergeant 's chevron be clearly visible and the bulky arm and torso clearly belong to rock . pardee ( shake ) oh , Jesus ! CUT to in the cellar / later pritchard be hover over a radio operator who 's try to get the radio equipment , newly move to the cellar , to operate . radioman ( into radio ) this be Dog easy Baker six call Blue King six ... ( to pritchard ) I be try regimental hq , sir ... GIS be jamme in the crowded cellar , the familiar bunch from easy cluster in one corner , argue emotionally ... pascalano no way ! no way rock 's dead , you be fulla shit . he 's indestructible . retread nobody 's indestructible , pasky . pardee I be just say what I see , that 's all . wildman a ' you be sure it be he ? pardee yeah , I be sure , and he look like he have a bad head wound ... pascalano that do not mean anything , you wash off the blood it could be superficial , it could be ... pardee ( erupting ) hey , I do not take he pulse . I do not take cameron 's pulse that time either . remember cameron ? huh ? be cameron dead or alive ? there 's a momentary hush at that , then kluzewski speak in a low voice . kluzewski I see he too . wildman rock ? you see rock ? pascalano be he dead or not ? kluzewski ( grimly ) he look the way cameron look that time . silence . grim face , as we ... CUT to a vision / outside out of focus , a unshaven youthful face loom full frame , crown by flame hair . the bright blue eye be full of fury , the mouth be almost snarling the word ... this be o'hara ... o'hara come on , you bastard ! suck in ! suck in , you sonofabitch , don't quit , do it , do it , do it , do it , do it ! rock be unfocuss eye stare stupidly at the medic o'hara move over he and pound on he chest . there 's blood all over rock be face and neck . rock uh...uh ...uh ... o'hara be face loom close again , unfocuss , as he work on rock ... o'hara come on , sergeant , don't give it all away , hang on , you bastard , think about the girl , think about the steak , the kide , sunny day , breathe , you stupid sonofabitch , breathe , breathe , breathe , you fucking chickenshit quitter , what would you mother say ? how about you father ? rock gurgle , he eye vaguely alive now ... with fear ... while shell thunder around they booooom boooom booooooom and we ... CUT to kide / snowballs / american STREET kide , ten to twelve year old , be furiously hurl snowballs and shouting insult . a supere title tell we where we be ... akron , ohio it 's akron a long time ago , almost suburban . the kide be snowball a dignify white haire gentleman , mr . van rocklin , who 's walk along a neatly shovel sidewalk toward a corner grocery store ... boy Nazi bastard ! kraut ! hey , jerry , heil Hitler ! sig Heil ! van rocklin , wiping snow from he face with as much dignity as he can muster , address the boy in a thick german accent ... van rocklin Hitler you can not kill with snow . I be not Hitler , I be only myself , a german . the speech only inflame the kide who , while maintain they distance , rain a fury of snowballs on the elderly man as he enter the grocery store ... inside the grocery store / moment later a paper bag . the middle - age clerk be pull it from under the counter . with a quick glance around to make sure no one be look , he put it on the counter in front of van rocklin whose coat be still drip from the snowballs . clerk twelve dollar , that 's the best I can do . van rocklin that much ? as the clerk pull a box out of the paper sack , he indicate a newspaper lie on the counter , feature a bold black headline : german counter attack and a sub head hard fighting on italian front . clerk there 's a war on , mister Van rocklin , in case you do not notice . guy be die . this stuff be ration , it 's black market ... van rocklin look at the open box . partagas cigar from Havana , short , stubby coronas . van rocklin okay , yes , I pay , I understand . clerk I would not even do this if you be not refer by a regular customer ... CUT to sidewalk / minute later van rocklin hurry off with the paper sack while the boy pelt he mercilessly with snowballs and hurl anti-German insult at he and we ... CUT to bergamo , italy / night it 's pour rain in the darken bergamo , a town just large enough to have two hotel and a cathedral , as a 4x4 U.S. troop carrier grumble through the darken street ... inside the troop carrier instead of troops the rear of the vehicle be jamme with cooking equipment and one fresh face young officer , lieutenant goryl , who 's slump on top of a field stove , peer out through a gap in the canvas cover . obviously unseason , goryl be get he close look at war so far from the slowly move troop carrier . goryl see a confusion of battle - weary footsoldiers in dirty uniform hunker in doorway out of the rain . bergamo have be take over as regimental hq and now , although the town be black out , light flash now and again revealing nightmare glimpsis of defeat . he see into the cover rear of a jeep where wounded men be lie , wrap in bloody bandage , they eye dull with horror , plasma-bottle feed into they arm . Big gun be booming monotonously somewhere in the distance as the carrier inch through the narrow main street jamme with muddy batter vehicle and exhaust , beat GIS , pass the local Cathedral , now serve as a hospital . goryl cringe at the sound of a piteous voice cry out ... voice ( o.s. ) where am i? where the fuck am I ? I can't see ! I can't fucking see ! look out of the move truck , goryl glimpsis a stretcher bear a blind soldier , he eye cover with a bloody bandage . it 's he who 's cry out as the medic carry he into the Cathedral Hospital . just then a bunch of cook rush the back of the troop carrier . cook hey , stop ! goddamnit , that 's we gear . as the troop carrier lurch to a halt , cook swarm aboard , grab equipment , ignore goryl who scramble off the stove hastily . among the cook we see but do not notice a face that we will see later ... a face that mean nothing to we now and be in no way special or noticeable . as the cook unload they equipment , the corporal / driver of the carrier move into view and address goryl ... corporal / driver that 's regimental hq right across the street , Lieutenant . goryl follow the corporal be indication and see the local Hotel with guard station at the door and lot of in and out traffic . inside the cathedral / night the ceiling be lose in a vault gloom dominate by shadow while the damp wall reverberate with urgent voice , cry of pain , desperate moan . be this Hell ? be this a nightmare ? it 's what rock be see as he eye blink open and he stare stupidly , obviously confuse and disorient while the blind man' voice ( offscreen but close at hand ) seem to express rock be own confusion in a urgent refrain ... blind soldier' voice ( o.s. ) where be I ? where the fuck be I ? please , goddamnit , tell I ? where be I ? rock be flat on he back on a cot . his skull have be partially shaven and partly bandage , he face have new scar , he neck be heavily bandage as well . he lift he head cautiously and look around . medic and doctor be rush about in lantern light , unconscious soldier , plasma bottle plugge into they , bump urgently past on stretcher haul by more medic . blind soldier' voice ( o.s. ) can anybody hear I ? please . rock look to he right . the bandaged man on the next cot , be motionless and silent , clearly not the speaker . search for the voice , rock look down between the cot and see the blind soldier lie on a stretcher on the floor . the blind soldier be tug at he bandage , pull they off he eye . blind soldier I can not see for chrissake , I can not see at all . where be I ? rock speak ... with effort ... he voice weak , tentative ... rock a hospital . it 's all right . it 's ... a hospital . more like a nightmare ! inside " HOTEL hq " / night Maps , desk , squawk radio , jangling phone , typewriter , enlisted staff , officer . regimental hq be chaotic , hysterical . goryl hover nervously near captain sloan be desk as a enraged colonel cronkite snap at the beleaguere sloan ... colonel cronkite make it a order then ! henceforth no line officer be to report that he 's " pin down " by machinegun fire , mortar fire , rocket fire , or any other fuck fire ! be that clear ? sloan but , sir , if they be pin down , do not we need accurate -- ? cronkite ( wave report ) it say " pin down " in every goddamn report from every goddamn company commander , from every fuck platoon leader ... thank God the man do not transmit individual fuck report because I be sure they be all pin down ! now I be go to assume everybody 's pin down from now on , okay ? so do not tell I when you be pin down , tell I when you be not pin down . that 's what I want to hear ... when you be not pin down . look worried , goryl watch sloan nod wearily . sloan yes , sir . no more " pin down , " only " not pin down . " cronkite turn away and sloan scribbles a note , then he turn back to goryl be order on he desk . sloan easy company 's up on the line . you can get a ride up there in the morning . in the meantime bed down anywhere you can . goryl thank you sir . sloan be turn away . goryl hesitates , then blurt ... goryl I guess it 's pretty ... pretty rough up on the line . for a moment sloan just stare at goryl blankly as if goryl speak swahili ... then he shake he head slowly ... sloan oh , no , Lieutenant , no , no , not at all . it 's rough in here ... up on the line , it 's just one big ... one big ... party . laugh and joke with the goodheart people of Germany who happen to be visit Italy like ourselves . sloan turn away abruptly and head for another desk , leave goryl by himself . feeling foolish and green , goryl head for the door . meanwhile , sloan be address a private at a desk . sloan type up a order , private . " the word ' pin down ' will not be use in future transmission to hq . it be only acceptable to report ' not pin down . ' " Colonel cronkite will sign it . STREET / night goryl have pause for a moment in the dark street to look toward the front where big gun thunder in the night . on the distant slope the flash of fire as the shell explode be out of sync with the sound of the gun , lend a eerie , surrealistic quality to the obscure battle ten mile away . it do not look real ... but it 's scary . goryl turn away and enter a doorway ... inside " quarter " in the gloom of a former restaurant the GIS be only shadow and glow cigarette butt ... and voice ... voice / darkness we be gettin ' all this shit from a kraut fifty , so this kid , he work he way to maybe 25 yard from them , fuck courageous . he 's gonna send them some pineapple , right ? so he pull the pin . booooom ! short fuse ! right in the fuck face . another voice / darkness I see ugly and I see uglier , but a short fuse be the ugliest . voice / darkness well , it do not kill he , it blow he fuck face off be all . he be scream , " I can not see , I can not see . " Massachusetts guy . gimme a light . a light flicker and goryl be face be briefly visible . goryl look shake as we ... CUT to hospital / night the canvas over the stain glass have be partially pull back to let some of the weak winter light in . a doctor be speak to the blind soldier who 's on a cot now , wear fresh bandage , somewhat clean up . doctor we be go to do everything we can for you , private ... everything ! but you sight be go . we can not bring that back , that 's not something we can change . do you understand that ? blind soldier ( bravely , desperate good cheer ) yes , sir . rock be watch this painful scene from the next cot . and now the doctor turn to he , turn a page of he chart . doctor well , sergeant ... you be look better today . a lot better . rock I ...do not remember ... how I get here . I do not remember ... you . doctor that 's not unusual under the circumstance , a mild antrograde amnesia . it will come back to you in bit and piece ... in flash . you prognosis be for complete recovery from all you wound ... you be one of the lucky one . ( glance significantly toward the blind soldier ) by tomorrow you will be on you way to England where you will continue post - op care for about a week , then back to the States . it 's gonna be rough , soldier , very rough ... clean sheet , hot meal , pretty nurse . think you can handle it ? the doctor be about to move on , but rock look disturb . rock how long have I be here ? doctor ( a glance at the chart ) two week . rock ( stunne ) two week ! doctor twelve day , actually . you have a close call , sergeant , you be lucky . a sudden vision , a flashback of the medic o'hara , out of focus see from rock's point of view as he scream at rock to breathe ! then vision be gone ... the doctor be move to the next bed . shaken , rock call out to he ... rock I remember ... doctor ( impatient ) yes ? rock a...a medic ! he ... save I . doctor they be good man . brave man . as the doctor move to the next cot where he start to speak to the soldier virtually mummify in bandage , rock just lie there stare at the ceiling . then he hear muffle sob . turn , he see the blind soldier , completely isolate in he dark world of misery , shaking with the sob he 's try to stifle . rock struggle weakly to sit up . look around , he see the bustle of the hospital ... stretcher with wounded men groan , medic , scurrying doctor . rock consider the bandage on he chest ... then he poke himself , look for pain . across the cot-clutter nave , a corporal on mail duty be shouting aloud as he distribute mail to bedrid GIS ... mail duty corporal awright , Dog ! any more Dog , last call for Dog company . sing out ( or bark ) if you be Dog . a voice yo Dog ! Dog here ! the mail duty corporal head for the dog soldier as rock swing he leg over the side of the cot and rest for a moment . then he tentatively try he foot on the floor . angle on a medic / second later as the medic move along a aisle between the cot , haul one end of a stretcher , he come face to face with rock who 's wobble unsteadily among the cot . rock I be look ... for a medic ... medic what 's the problem , buddy ? rock a medic with ... red hair ... medic you better get back on you cot , fella . maneuver the stretcher around rock , the medic and he partner move they patient , a black soldier , onto a empty cot . rock pause , observe the youthful face of the unconscious , blood cover black soldier as the medic quickly and efficiently hook a bottle of plasma to a iv stand beside the cot . a piece of tape on the plasma bottle say " colored . " the medic turn and glance toward rock . medic Red hair . around here that 's o'hara . rock where can I find he ? the medic be pillowing the head of the unconscious black soldier as he shake he own head . medic miss in action . about a week . better get back in you bunk , okay ? mail duty corporal' voice ( o.s. ) easy company ! anybody else from easy ? still daze and weak , rock react as a soldier in a cot twenty cot away shout ... soldier hey , right here ! I be easy . there 's a ripple of weak laughter and someone add , " be not we all ? " rock start to make he way unsteadily in that direction , pass horribly wounded men , nearly step on a bandaged soldier lie on stretcher on the floor . across the room , the soldier from easy , goine , be open the the envelope the mail duty corporal have hand he . he stare at the content in outrage and dismay ... goine jury duty ! for Christ sake ! I be suppose to serve on a jury in brattleboro , vermont ? mail duty corporal no kid ? I just give a guy from Iowa a bill from he plumber , how do ya like that ? rock's voice ( o.s. ) goine ! goine turn and he eye widen in amazement as he see rock , still unsteady on he foot , loom beside he cot . goine Holy ... shit ! sarge ! I ...thought ... we all think ... we think you be ... rock no. no , I ... I make it . mail duty corporal ( to rock ) you from easy too , pal ? what 's you name , maybe I get something for you ...? rock ( to the corporal ) rock , john. ( to goine ) what happen ? they shell we ... how many casualty ...? goine since then ? shit , sarge , you do not know ? rock no . no , I have be ... I do not remember ... goine ( tear form ) they eat we alive . first the arty , then the kraut ... bad one ... worse than kassarene ... the Colonel assign we to the ass ... everybody 's fall back , we be protect the rear ... eighty per cent casualty . rock eighty per cent ! mail duty corporal here ya go ! I know I recognize the name . the corporal have be digging through he big bag and now he produce a neatly wrap package which he hand to the stunne rock who barely notice it as he accept it . rock be eye be on goine ' bed . under the sheet the shape of he leg end above the knee where goine ' leg be amputate ! goine more by now . eighty per cent two day ago . there be hardly anyone leave when they take I out . I would be dead if it be not for the medic ... mail duty corporal it 's hell up there , we get order , hold the mail for easy , Dog , and Baker . whyncha open the package , see whatcha get ? absent mindedly rock start to unwrap the package as he speak to goine ... rock what about the wildman ? what about flavin and pascalano ? goine flavin do not make it . wildman be okay . pascalano too , and beef . I dunno about Mitchell or Texas . like I say , we all think you be dead too . what 's in the package ? my girl send I dry sock . argyles ! ha ha . rock look numbly at the package in he hand . it 's the box of cigar ! Coronas ! there 's a note on top of it . rock stare at the crudely scrawle note ... " dear son , I love you . kill Hitler ! you father . " outside / day a lull in the rain . leaden sky . the distant boom of the big gun seem remote . on the bland , woodsy slope twenty mile north occasional flash indicate explode shell . more ominous be the steady flow of footsoldiers and military vehicle crawl into the town from the north like blood from a wound . troop carrier overflow with wounded men , tired plodd footsoldiers with haggard face and vacant eye suggest the true horror of that remote hill and distant sound . goryl be in the street , argue with a pfc who 's sit at the wheel of a idling jeep . goryl you just tell I you have about sixty mile of gas , private . that 's enough to get I to the line and get you back , so what 's the problem ? pfc I think you want to go south , sir . this gas be southerly gas , sir . it do not go north , it 's a matter of internal combustion . goryl I see . what do I need to get some " northerly gas " ... a write order from the Colonel and threat of a court martial ? pfc ( start the jeep ) no , sir . what you need be a lotta luck and a different driver . rrrrrr . the pfc pull away into the confusion of troop carrier , jeep , and truck clogging the street . goryl be scowling in frustration when he hear a urgent shout . look around he see soldier point toward the north where three speck be approach low over the mountain ... get bigger . plane ! suddenly soldier be shouting " butcherbird ! butcherbird , " run every which way , jump from truck , take cover . goryl hastily follow GIS into a doorway and crowd in as the three butcherbird ( folke wulf ) thunder in low , cannon fire into the crowded street , machinegun rattling . goryl see a run soldier cut in half . whoooooooom ! a explosion shake the town as a bomb burst . whooom ! bah - boooooooom ! ka - blaaaaaam ! more bomb ! goryl press back among the GIS wedge like sardine in the doorway , drive back by heat from flame . he 's cower there when he hear a sergeant scream in rage and anguish ... sergeant the bastard bomb the hospital ! they bomb the hospital ! the butcherbird be climb off into the distance , they bomb and ammo spend , as soldier rush to the hospital . smoke pour from a gape wound in the giant red cross paint on the stone of the cathedral . the ceiling and wall be partially collapse . goryl stare in horror . he can hear scream from within the collapse wall . inside the hospital smoke ! panic ! confusion ! Chaos ! vague figure move about , obscure by smoke . goine lie dead , crush by debris across he chest . as confusion reign all around and medic rush to and for , a hand emerge from the debris near goine . grasp , pull , it 's the hand of someone pull himself from the debris . we don't have to see he to know it's rock ! angle on cigar the box of cigar , overturn , lie beside the note , cover with mortar dust . the hand reach for the box , scoops spill cigar into the box , take the box and the note . for a second rock look down at goine ' lifeless face . rock be eye be like tiny diamond ... he face like cold stone . a BOX of uniform in the midst of the smoky chaos the hand reach into a jumble of uniform toss in a crate in the corner of the nave . the hand be sorting through the tear and sometimes bloody fatigue ... a BOX of boot the same thing ... the hand search for the right boot ... boot walking through the chaos and confusion of the hospital the boot move with purposeful stride ... step over the tear body and the debris ... past the dead blind soldier . dead corporal / debris / nave in the confusion and debris the mail duty corporal lie dead , sprawle face down beside he spill mail bag . the boot start to step over he ... then halt ... a moment pass ... then hand reach into the spill mail ... search ... find a bundle mark company E ... the STREET outside a medic be squatting beside a bloody soldier , apply a tourniquet . the boot appear close to the busy medic ... the hand reach down and remove several grenade from the bloody soldier be chest ... while the medic continue to work ... a damaged jeep the dead driver be slump at the wheel . there 's a pack beside he on the seat and a m - 1 . hand reach in , take the pack ... open it .. dump it out ... stuff the box of cigar and the bundle of mail inside ... close the pack ... take the m - 1 ... a damaged build a brown Automatic rifle lie unattend beside the smolder debris of a bomb damage wall . the boot appear ... the big hand scoop up the bar ... likewise a box of ammo ... the road into bergamo the wounded and the weary be still stream into the bomb town , clogging the road with one - way traffic . but in the foreground appear the boot ! one man alone be go in the other direction . it 's rock , laden with a full pack , a arsenal of weaponry , grenade dangle from he chest , the stub of a cigar in he mouth , a angry look in he eye . ahead of he , on the faraway hill , the big gun boom . rock head straight for they , carry more than a man should carry as we ... CUT to farmhouse /slope major pritchard , unshaven and haggard , be stand outside he new , less grand battalion hq , a farmhouse which squat on a slope at the southern end of a mountain pass . he 's peer through binocular at the wood slope to the north above the pass . he can hear the patter of rifle fire and the chatter of machinegun in the wood . pritchard what the hell ? stand beside pritchard , a GI be watch a second GI sprinting toward they . GI runner , sir . pritchard lower the glass as the second GI , a runner , stagger up they , totally wind . pritchard well ? second GI ( gasp for breath ) Dog 's ... fall back , sir , like you say for them to . twenty - two ambulatory ... six non-ambulatory . they walkie talkie be bust , that 's why ... pritchard what about easy ? second GI there ... be not no easy , sir . not to speak of . four guy from the third platoon , six from the fourth . they be dig in around the mouth of the pass down there ... the second GI be point at the wood slope with they secret ... pritchard " dug in " ! do you tell they to fall back ? second GI they can not move , sir . kraut get two fifty right on them . I get as close as I could and shout . I think they hear I . pritchard ( disgust ) all right , what about Baker ? where the hell be Baker ? second GI could not find any live one , sir , but I spot four dead nigger near the mouth of the pass on that side ... the second GI be point to the opposite slope , the eastern slope ... pritchard " negroes , " soldier , not " nigger . " " negroes ! " second GI well , whatever they be , sir , they be dead now , Major . they be gut . pritchard " gut " ? second GI mutilated , sir . at least that 's what it look like through my glass , I could not get near them . it look like the kraut kill them and rip them open . pritchard Jesus ! and there be no sign of the rest of Baker ? second GI ( indicate the slope ) Sir , there 's kraut all over down there . anybody down there be damn near surround . road / mid day scraaatch ! rock strike a match without break he steady stride and relight he cigar . traffic flow past rock in the opposite direction , retreate vehicle and weary footsoldiers , head down , eye unsee . ahead the shelling have stop , a apparent lull in the fury of the battle . suddenly a voice call out close by ... voice ( o.s. ) say , sergeant , can I give you a lift ? rock turn and find himself stare at a fresh young officer at the wheel of a jeep head for the line ... goryl . moving jeep / minute later rock be behind the wheel now and goryl be beside he in the passenger seat . goryl sneak glance at rock , look he over , note the scar on he face , glimpsing the partially shave skull , the bandage on he neck ... goryl I guess ... I guess you ... you have be up on the line already , huh , sergeant ? rock yes , sir . goryl I guess you have hear of easy company ... rock easy company , sir ? goryl you must have , they be suppose to be the roughest outfit around , they be in North Africa , the only company that hold ground when rommel and the afrika korp attack the kassarene pass . of course I guess it would not be really the same outfit , there be heavy casualty , a lotta they musta be kill . a 4x4 laden with bag and unbagge body grind past in the opposite direction . rock ( remember ) right ... heavy casualty ... ( then ... ) why be you interested in easy , Lieutenant ? goryl I be they new c.o. deadpan , rock shift the cigar between he tooth as he consider the fresh face youth at he side and we ... CUT to moving jeep / several mile later the jeep be alone now , the retreate army be behind they to the south and the wood slope ahead be much closer . goryl be chatter out of nervousness ... goryl ... so I hadda m.a. in psychology and they be look for guy like I to work in the War Department . psy - war stuff , intelligence , desk job ... actually interesting work for someone in my field ... rock and you turn they down ? goryl pretty stupid , huh ? it be guilt . this kid down the block , I use to play ball with he , he lose both arm over in North Africa . and this other kid I do not know so well get kill in the Pacific ... I already feel guilty and I figure it be gonna get worse , so here I be , head for the line , the c.o . I know everything ... and I do not know anything ... and I be in charge . rock ( deadpan ) cigar , sir ? goryl look startle as we ... CUT to wood / day TEXAS be squirming on he belly through the rotting leave , sweat furiously , casting nervous glance to he right . the wood to the right look bland ... and ominous . the unseen enemy be visible in TEXAS ' fear , the way he hug the ground and sweat as he inch along . arrive at the lip of a foxhole he look over the rim at the grim , exhaust face of retread and pascalano who be crouch in they muddy foxhole in several inch of water . they have be fight 22 day straight and it show . TEXAS we be gonna make a run for it . pascalano in daylight ? TEXAS when wildman give the signal , klu 's gonna give we some cover if they open up ... retread oh , they will open up , you can count on it . TEXAS squirm off , leave retread and pascalano alone again in the hole . pascalano shit ! you think that 's a good idea ? retread do not matter what I think , that 's the plan . pascalano yeah , yeah , wildman make I nervous . I wish rock be here . retread ( sarcastic ) oh , that would be great , just great . we be pin down , you know what that asshole would do ? pascalano get we outta here alive maybe ? retread attack . second foxhole / day TEXAS be on he belly , look into a second foxhole where bigelow and geronimo be huddle miserably . TEXAS when he signal , head for that big rock back there about a hundred yard , take cover there . get it ? bigelow and geronimo nod grimly and TEXAS crawl off , leave they alone . bigelow immediately burrow frantically in a pocket and pull out a half a pack of lifesaver . with tremble hand he examine the lifesaver ... hesitates ... choose a red one ... then reconsider indecisively as geronimo watch ... finally change he selection and pop a green one in he mouth . bigelow Green one . geronimo yeah ? that 's good luck , a green one ? bigelow you could have one , ger , go ahead . geronimo be a waste . I be not superstitious . bigelow sure ya be . Indians be religious , you get god and stuff , I believe in Lady luck , it 's the same thing . geronimo you believe in lifesaver , it 's different . bigelow I be not dead , be I ? or maim ? third foxhole / day TEXAS be peer into the third foxhole at whipsnake and kluzewski as kluzewski frown a question ... kluzewski so we provide cover , then what ? TEXAS we will cover you from the rock back there . just do not fire till they do . they might not ever shoot . whipsnake ( glumly ) right . FOURTH foxhole / moment later beef , one eye bandage , and pardee , haggard and gaunt , be look up at TEXAS as he peer down at they into they foxhole . pardee in daylight ? why do not we wait till it 's dark ? TEXAS ' Cause they will put up flare like they do last night . beef yeah , but daylight 's worse ! TEXAS do not start that shit , just go when he signal . TEXAS turn and squirm away as we .... CUT to a montage / different foxholes retread look stoic , pascalano be chew he lip nervously as they crouch , all ready to move ... bigelow be choose a yellow lifesaver with shaking hand while geronimo watch deadpan ... kluzewski aim the bar over the lip of the foxhole while whipsnake prepare a pile of magazine . beef and pardee be tense , ready to go ... TEXAS look expectantly at wildman who 's coiled like a spring . wildman stick he rifle up out of the foxhole in two quick thrust , a signal ... wood / second later they be run low , eight of they , zig - zag among bare tree , the only sound they foot in the leave . it 's spooky how quiet it be after all the tension ... one second ... two second ... Three second ... budda budda budda budda budda budda ! the german machinegun chatter mindlessly , bullet sizzle in the air . pardee let out a sharp cry as he lurch forward , then crash to the ground . the other dive down on they belly . chatta chatta chatta chatta . the bar join the cacophony , return fire . budda budda budda budda . the second german machinegun reply . third foxhole kluzewski be fire the bar at the german position which be invisible except for the nervous muzzle flash of the first machinegun while , beside he , whipsnake fire he m - 1 . kluzewski how far be they ? whipsnake ( look back ) not far enough , they be gonna have to come back . wood as bullet whiz over he , bigelow hug the ground and look toward the objective ... a boulder barely visible through the tree sixty yard away on slightly higher ground . bigelow turn and speak to geronimo lie three yard to he right ... bigelow we can not make it , we gotta go back . geronimo do not answer ... and bigelow suddenly see that geronimo be eye be glassy and lifeless . ten yard away wildman be call out as he squirm back toward he foxhole twenty yard behind ... wildman back . get back in the hole . ten yard further pardee be on he back , moan pitifully as beef belly toward he ... beef where you hit ? pardee ! where would you get hit ? pardee I dunno , I dunno . it hurt ! beef where ? where 's it hurt ? beef be close now , try to examine pardee . pardee I dunno . in my body ! ( panic ) I can not move , I can not move . beef see blood all over pardee be front . he dig in he first aid kit . first foxhole retread and pascalano be scramble back into they foxhole . pascalano great plan , that be a great plan . retread they get we position again . we be gonna get some mortar fire . whooosh ! the sound of a mortar on cue . kah - booom ! the mortar shell explode fifteen yard from the foxhole . retread what would I tell ya ? fifth foxhole wildman and TEXAS be fire at the german wood from they foxhole when bigelow crawl to the rim , tear in he eye ... bigelow they kill the indian , they kill Gerry ! TEXAS get in , you be draw fire . bigelow bastard will not even let we run . we be run ! ka - boooooom . a mortar shell explode ten yard from the foxhole . TEXAS we should n'ta shot that last two mortar shell , we shoulda save them ... wildman shut up . wood aaaaaaaaaahhhhhh ! pardee be scream in agony as beef , crawl on he belly , try to drag pardee with he toward a foxhole . ka - boooom ! a mortar shell hit twenty yard from they . it be not work . besides pardee be agony , they be not make any progress ... beef listen , pardee , I can not do anything for you , okay ? I be gonna grab you clip and go back to the hole . we will come back a ' getcha when it 's dark . pardee right , yeah . gimme another shot . beef ( grab clip ) too soon . pardee I be not gonna make it , beef , I be not gonna make it . beef ( lie ) yeah , yeah , you be gonna be okay . we will getcha tonight . it hurt , right ? that 's good . it 's when you can not feel it , that 's when you get a problem . ka-blaaaam ! another mortar shell hit fifteen yard away and beef start to crawl for the foxhole . outside the farmhouse/a mile away / late afternoon the mortar concussion and intermittent burst of machinegun fire be subdued by distance while the wood themselves , like a mask , reveal nothing to major pritchard as he peer through he binocular from the ridge in front of the farmhouse . there 's simply nothing to see down there in the pass . he 's lowering the glass when the first GI approach he ... first GI message from regimental , sir . pritchard permission to withdraw ? first GI no , sir . a General from division 's come forward to survey the situation . they -- pritchard ( erupting ) a General ! up here ! great Christ almighty we can not protect a General ! we can not protect ourselves . ( head for the farmhouse ) do you tell they we have get man pin down and we can not pull them out ? first GI ( on pritchard 's heel ) they will not accept " pin down , " sir . pritchard what ? first GI Colonel 's order . all transmission must say " not pin down . " pritchard " not pin down ! " Jesus H. Christ . pritchard charge into the farmhouse as the first GI follow he . inside the farmhouse pritchard loom over the radio operator . pritchard get regimental ! tell they we can not protect a General unless he bring a armored division with he . tell they we want permission to withdraw , we be suffer heavy casualty and we be about to be overrun . first GI uh , also , sir ... we have , er , some replacement ... pritchard replacement ? first GI uh , Lieutenant goryl and sergeant rock , for easy company . pritchard turn and notice goryl and rock for the first time . both man salute the astonished pritchard who suddenly recognize rock . pritchard right . rock . you be injure . rock fully recover , sir . pritchard good . you be lucky , luckier than you buddy anyway . rock Sir ? pritchard decimate . we get the first and third platoon out with fifty per cent casualty . what 's leave of the second and fourth be down in that wood , trap , along with what 's leave of Baker . rock you be pull out without they , sir ? pritchard oh , God no , sergeant . I have get the whole hq platoon here , almost thirty man . what we be gonna do be attack , all thirty of we . we be gonna jump that waffen ss ( you be right about that , sergeant ) and kick they Nazi butt all the way to Rome , bet yer ass . fuck yes ! we be gonna save that poor bastard from easy and that Baker negroes , yessir ! boooooooom ! a shell hit outside . rock be head for the door . rock western slope , be that right , sir ? pritchard huh ? hold on , sergeant , you be reassign to hq , what -- ? bang ! the door slam behind rock , leave pritchard with he mouth open . boooooooom ! another shell hit outside as pritchard step to the window . he see rock walk steadily toward the slope into the pass . pritchard where the hell do he think he 's go ? the first GI and goryl look uneasy as pritchard open the door and shout at rock . pritchard sergeant ! sergeant rock ! get you ass back here ! pronto ! rock keep walk . pritchard ( turn to goryl ) Lieutenant ! I want that man back here . get he back here on the double ! goryl right away , sir . goryl hasten out the door . on the slope boooooooom ! a shell hit on the ridge as rock , fifty yard from the farmhouse , start down the slope into the wood . goryl pants after he , shouting ... goryl sergeant ! hey , sergeant ! rock keep walk even as goryl pants up to he and continue at he side , breathlessly ... goryl sergeant , the Major want we back there . he 's order we back to hq . rock ( without break stride ) I can not hear he , sir . it 's the shell . booooom ! another shell hit on the ridge as rock continue without look back , leave goryl to stare after he , flabbergasted . wood / moment later fifty yard down the slope , rock be in the wood now , alert for sign of the enemy , scan the confusion of tree when footstep behind he cause he to turn . goryl draw alongside he , rifle in hand . goryl I could not hear he either . CUT to the road from bergamo a jeep be wind through the slope , not yet in sight of the farmhouse / hq . captain sloan be at the wheel . all we see of the man beside he be a helmet with three star on it . the general be face be obscure in profile and the shadow of he helmet . shell be thunder into the wood just ahead of they . sloan ( slow down ) I think we be get kind of close , actually , sir . whoom ! as if to confirm the statement , a shell explode only a couple of hundred yard from the road . the general do not flinch . he speak sardonically , still in shadowy profile , he helmet more in evidence than he face . general do not like shoot , Captain ? sloan ( bristle ) no , sir , I do not like it and I do not know anybody who do . would the General like to proceed with the understanding that Major pritchard advise we he cannot guarantee the General 's safety ... and that the man be already demoralize without lose a General , General ? general Fair enough , Captain . I withdraw the comment . honk ! honk ! sloan and the general ( he face still obscure ) turn to see a troop carrier loom behind they on the road , eager to pass . inside the rear of the troop carrier morgan , a cook , be sit on top of the same confusion of cooking equipment goryl ride in on , peer ahead around the canvas roof and speak to several other cook lose in the gloom in the back . morgan Christ almighty ! the asshole 's honk a General off the road . cook' voice ( o.s. ) so fuck what ? they be useless bastard , Generals . you could have all the war you want without Generals , but you can not have shit without food . Generals be useless , we be not . inside the jeep captain sloan be pull off the road to let the troop carrier by ... sloan cook . they be gonna try and give them a hot meal up on the line at Major pritchard 's request . the troop carrier be grind by , the driver salute the captain and the general who 's still obscure by the angle ... general let 's get out of here . the man would rather see a hot meal than a General any ... sloan shout as the sound of a income shell crescendos ... sloan general ! jump for it ! baaaaaaaaaawhopooooooooooom ! the shell hit full frame , obscuring the jeep as the troop carrier grind past and we ... CUT to sky / late afternoon the gloomy overcast sky be blacken , the first drop of rain be fall ... first foxhole retread be take in the sock he be drying on the rim of the foxhole as the rain begin to sprinkle ... retread do not get dry . budda budda budda budda budda . a german machinegun open up . pascalano be look off to he right . he can see wildman slithering along on he belly as the tracers whiz over he . pascalano it 's wildman . retread now what ? pascalano headed for pardee . third foxhole whipsnake come awake at the sound of the machinegun and see kluzewski look out of the foxhole ... whipsnake what 's go on ? they come ? kluzewski it 's wildman , he 's cover up pardee . whipsnake he 's dead ? kluzewski ( watch ) from the rain . he 's still alive , he be yell for medicine a couple a minute ago . whipsnake take a turn , I will watch . kluzewski ( sarcastic ) great . it 's raining . you get a dry sleep , I take a wet one . whipsnake anytime you sleep it 's gonna be wet , kluzewski , you be the horniest bastard in Italy . kluzewski what 's that mean , what be ya talk about ? whipsnake you think nobody notice you pound it ? you think it 's a big secret ? kluzewski horseshit ! who say ? whipsnake everybody say ! anytime you be off the watch you be flog it . pascalano warn I , he say , " he 's gonna flog it a ' moan everytime he shut he eye . " kluzewski aaaw , crap ! I be a restless sleeper , I squirm around , maybe I make some noise ... I get gas be all . my wife use to get on I about it . whipsnake you beat you meat in front of you wife ? kluzewski fuck you ! fifth foxhole the rain be come down fiercely now as TEXAS watch wildman scramble into they foxhole , machinegun bullet sizzling above they . TEXAS how be he ? wildman how do I know , be I a medic ? he 's bad , I give he a shot , he 's all chew up , I do not know what to do for he . TEXAS that be a great plan , make a run for it in daylight ... wildman shut the fuck up ! wildman and TEXAS be glaring at each other as we ... CUT to meadow / dusk the rain be pour down on a tiny hut , apparently abandon , in a meadow on the fringe of the wood as rock and goryl appear , slogging through the meadow toward the wood . a machinegun rattles in the wood ahead and goryl react nervously . that gun be not too far away and he 's scared now . rock kraut gun . goryl h-how do you know ? rock faster rate of fire . goryl oh. rock be consider the peasant hut . it look desert . rock if that place be empty , we could wait in there till dark . goryl uh , right . good idea . interior / farmhouse / night pritchard peek out between the curtain that cover the window . he can not see anything , rain be slashing at the window . he turn to the weary look first GI slump by the door . pritchard private , I want you to go out and check we position , make sure everyone 's on they toe ... the first GI blink in disbelief , then climb reluctantly to he foot , he tone almost openly hostile ... first GI right , sir . pritchard they have stop shelling . that could mean they be approach , it could mean ... radio operator' voice ( o.s. ) sir! order from battalion hq , sir . Colonel cronkite . pritchard turn abruptly and head for the radio where the radio operator sit , wear headphone . pritchard withdraw ? radio operator fall back to bergamo , yes , sir . pritchard breathes a sigh of relief and turn toward the first GI . pritchard all right , we be gonna get the fuck outta here ! notify everybody in ... wham ! the door burst open , interrupt pritchard in midsentence . pritchard be eye bulge and he jaw sag at what he see in the doorway . dripping wet in the doorway be a angry look man of about fifty , grizzle and gray ... stark naked except for combat boot and a helmet . everybody in the room be stare in disbelief when pritchard suddenly notice that there be three star on the naked man be helmet . pritchard hesitates , then , still slack - jaw , tentatively come to attention and salute like a man afraid not to . the naked man brusquely return the salute as we ... CUT to wood / night it 's pitch black , pour rain when suddenly a flare whoosh and burst overhead , illuminate the wood in a spooky green light , catch wildman run low . budda budda budda budda , the german machinegun open up , spraying bullet as wildman dive flat on he belly and squirm and wriggle the rest of the way toward the foxhole . chatta chatta chatta chatta . the bar respond , fire a burst at the winking muzzle of the german machinegun as the flare fade overhead . fifth foxhole TEXAS be fire he m - 1 at the german gun as wildman tumble into the watery foxhole . wildman do not waste round . TEXAS I be cover you . wildman you can not see them , you can not hit them . TEXAS what about pardee ? be he alive ? for a long moment wildman do not answer . the gun have stop fire and there 's no sound but the raging rain . then he speak in a low voice ... wildman he 's all bandage . TEXAS bandage ? whaddaya mean " bandage " ? wildman his chest , he gut , he wound , it 's all bandage up . he say a medic do it . TEXAS medic ! what medic ? where ? wildman he 's crazy in the head , he must have a fever .. TEXAS so who bandage he ? wildman ( dubiously ) he musta do it himself . there be not any medic around here . TEXAS can he move ? whadder we gonna do about he ? wildman he 's crawle about ten yard already , he 's rest up . TEXAS he 's gonna crawl here ? okay , then what ? we be gonna get outta here tonight . if he can not walk ... wildman we can not get outta here because they will put up a flare . TEXAS so why would we go in daylight ? we be worse off now with he non - ambulatory than if ... wildman it 's call " pin down , " asshole ! TEXAS I know what it 's call , wildman . what the fuck be we gonna do about it ? third foxhole / night barely visible in the rainy darkness , whipsnake be poke kluzewski awake . whipsnake you awake , klu ? it 's you watch . kluzewski stir , grunt , sit up in the darkness while whipsnake shield a flashlight as he try to make a bed for himself under a poncho that half roof the hole . kluzewski there oughtta be a flag you could wave when you gotta take a crap . like a time out . whipsnake this be a war , not a basketball game , kluzewski . kluzewski there 's rule in war just like in basketball . they gotta crap , we gotta crap . you want I to crap in the foxhole ? whipsnake ( curling up , dousing the light ) you crap in the foxhole , asshole , I will kill you before the jerries get you . kluzewski I do not have to crap anyway , I do not eat anything . whipsnake shuddup and lemme sleep . silence . rain pour down . a long moment , then ... whooosh ! a flare burst overhead , turn the wood a spooky yellow , revealing kluzewski in the foxhole and whipsnake beside he , already asleep under the poncho . kluzewski stare at the brightly light wood . nothing move . there 's no sound except the thrashing rain . it 's very spooky , almost surreal . nervously , kluzewski whisper loud in the direction of the other foxhole . kluzewski sssssst ! wildman ! ( no answer ) retread ? hey , retread ! nothing ! it 's like kluzewski be all alone in the world as the light from the flare diminish but , instead of fade entirely , remain a gloomy yellow , give the wood a creepy glow . kluzewski be uneasy as he sit back in the foxhole ... and stiffen suddenly as he hand touch something . he look . there 's something in the wall of the foxhole , bury in the mud . tentatively he touch it , wiping away mud , and see ... a human hand . for a moment kluzewski stare at it in horror . it 's a small hand , as if a woman or child be bury in the mud ... not too long ago . it move ! no! impossible . it must be a illusion , something to do with the continue weird yellow afterglow of the flare . it really move ! writhing , exposing a delicate wrist . without take he eye off the horrifying phenomenon , kluzewski hiss urgently at whipsnake ... kluzewski whip ! whip , wake up ! whip ! whipsnake do not stir . kluzewski forget to say anything more as , hypnotize , he watch a arm emerge from the mud and then a face , cover with mud . a woman' face ! bug-ey , kluzewski see the hand wipe mud from the face . kluzewski Angie ! Jesus Christ ! angie be squirming out of the muddy wall of the foxhole , a lithe young woman of twenty - three , stark naked . she give a apologetic little laugh ... angie I be go crazy , klu , ha ha . kluzewski Angie ! Angie , this be fuck Italy . we be at war . angie I know , honey , but I get hot pants , I be go crazy . kluzewski cast a frantic glance at whipsnake who 's still sound asleep ... thank god. kluzewski Angie , we can not do nothing here . I mean , there 's guy around ... Germans for Christ sake ! we be in a foxhole . it 's a small foxhole , there 's nowhere to go . angie have a hand on kluzewski be crotch . the rain be wash the mud off she , revealing she firm breast , she alabaster skin , she wet black hair . she 's move the hand gently , speak in a breathy , intimate voice ... angie remember that time when the kid be out back ... when we do it on the kitchen floor ? kluzewski ( sudden alarm ) the kid ! where be the kid ? angie ( rub against he ) with you parent . come ooooooon , baby ... kluzewski be gonna shit or go to heaven ! his eye be roll , he breath be heavy . she 's knead he crotch . he tongue kiss she , put a muddy hand on she firm breast . she moan hotly . rain soak they . fifth foxhole / night darkness . rain . TEXAS stiffen and kick wildman awake . TEXAS ( whisper ) sssssst . someone move . wildman ( whisper ) do not shoot , it could be pardee . TEXAS whozzat ? pardee' voice ( o.s. ) lana Turner . TEXAS ( to wildman ) whatsa countersign ? wildman Big tit , stupid . TEXAS Big tit . pardee appear and flop down painfully into the foxhole while wildman cover they with a poncho and flick on he flashlight . pardee tell I ... tell I the truth . wildman what truth ? pardee I be alive , right ? TEXAS yeah . pardee I think maybe I be dead . you know who I see out there ... three minute ago ? wildman who ? pardee sergeant rock ! I see rock ! wildman fuck you . pardee sergeant rock ! I swear to God . wildman he 's dead , asshole . pardee that 's what I be talk about . he 's dead , but I see he , what 's that make I ? he 's out there , he and another guy . wildman ( to pascalano ) give he a dose , he 's fuck up from the wound . pascalano you get a fever , pardee ... pardee he say to I , " ssssst ! pardee ! you okay ? " I say , " I dunno , sarge . I think you be dead . " " where 's the wildman ? " he say ... wildman shut up , pardee . shut up and swallow . pardee ... " wildman 's over there , " I go , " dig in . " " what about the rest , " he say , " who 's leave ? " pascalano hallucination . pardee well , I tell he ... or it ... the hallucination , and the hallucination crawle off with this other guy , this other hallucination . wildman ( keep watch ) rock be not out there , pardee . pardee maybe we be all dead . first foxhole / night the rain be diminish , the moon appear behind blow cloud as pascalano nervously alert retread . pascalano hey , I see something . retread again ? pascalano over there ... something move . second foxhole / night beef and bigelow be both awake , peer into the shadowy darkness . bigelow where ? beef over there . watch . bigelow might be pardee . whoooooosh ! a flare burst , the wood be suddenly bright green . third foxhole / night oooooooooh ! uuuuuuuuuuuun ! in a blaze of green light , she head throw back in wild abandon , angie come as kluzewski hump she furiously in the brightly light foxhole . whipsnake's voice ( o.s. ) kluzewski , you asshole , cut it out . angie be face be distort with the agony of the climax ! whipsnake be hand clutches kluzewski be shoulder as the german machinegun start to rattle ... kluzewski look up . whipsnake be shaking he . whipsnake wake up , you dumb fuck ! kluzewski shake he head clear and grab he rifle . there be no angie , the flare be die , the bar be make dull sound , rifle be snap . kluzewski what 's goin ' on ? whipsnake be fire over the lip of the foxhole ... bang ! bang ! whipsnake you an' the kraut , you be both come ! second foxhole the wood be moonlit again as beef look frantically off and behind they where a muzzle flash a burst of automatic fire ... beef who 's that ? who the fuck be that over there ? bigelow fire a burst at the german machinegun as he answer . bigelow dunno ! kraut ? first foxhole retread and pascalano be observe the same muzzle flash as they return german fire . retread not kraut . pascalano who ? baaaaaaawhooooooooom ! a sudden explosion . pascalano and retread stare in amazement . retread Jesus Christ ! scream fill the night . word of agony ... in german ! pascalano the bastard blow up . retread it be a grenade . pascalano I think nobody have any leave ! a sudden burst of automatic fire and more scream . third foxhole whipsnake and kluzewski be equally confound . kluzewski who the fuck be shoot ? whipsnake must be wildman . he musta go after them . more scream , more german word ... first foxhole pascalano swing he rifle violently toward rapidly move shadow to the right . voice / darkness don't shoot ! bang ! pascalano fire as a shadowy figure loom out of the darkness above they and ... leap into the foxhole on top of pascalano and retread . voice / darkness it 's okay , you miss I . retread peer into a face partially visible in the silvery moonlight , a fresh , young , non - combat kind of face ... goryl . retread who the fuck be you ? goryl Lieutenant goryl , you new c.o. retread and pascalano be flabbergasted ... pascalano yer shitting I ...uh , sir . retread " girl " ? goryl gore-ill , Tom . retread that be you over there with the bar ? goryl right . as soon as sergeant rock take out the second machinegun position , we be gonna move out . pascalano ( bug-ey ) rock ! fifth foxhole / minute later wildman , TEXAS and pardee be look at pascalano in disbelief as pascalano peer into the fifth foxhole ... TEXAS alive ? wildman you be sure ? a german voice be scream in the darkness ... pain . pardee I toldja . pascalano we be suppose to put pardee on a poncho and move out when rock take out the second machinegun . thtrd foxhole / moment later kluzewski and whipsnake be reacting to pascalano who 's peer over the lip of they foxhole as the german voice shout in the background ... whipsnake sergeant rock ! he 's alive ? pascalano he 's gonna take out the other gun , then we be suppose to go accord to Lieutenant girl ... kluzewski " girl " ! pascalano no such luck , pal . he 's pretty , but it 's just a name . second foxhole / second later beef and bigelow be face pascalano who 's peer into they foxhole from above as the german voice wail in the background ... bigelow how 's he gonna take out the machinegun ? pascalano he get the first one , do not he ? you hear that kraut fucker cry ? ask he . beef I like rock . he 's a sonofabitch , a real goddamn leader . german position the german soldier be crouch behind they machinegun , cold and businesslike . as two german drag the wounded , scream german soldier into they position , the captain snap a order . the german soldier be silence immediately ! this guy mean business ! plop ! a grenade flop stupidly in front of they , a silly little pineapple of iron . the captain look at it , it register in he mind ... then it explode . boooooom ! tatta tatta tatta tatta ... a grease gun open up , bullet rip into the already ravage german soldier as we ... CUT to moonlit wood / second later nine shadow , stumbling , struggle through the darkness with the tent man , pardee , in a poncho . stumble . cursing . wildman where we go , huh ? goryl up the pass . there 's a hut , we meet rock there . in a meadow . beef ( trip ) fuck . kluzewski ( freezing ) listen . the rapid patter of the german machinegun . whipsnake that 's the kraut gun . wildman be grim in the moonlight as bigelow say aloud what all of they be think ... bigelow he do not get them , they get he . goryl be worried , but he force himself to take charge . goryl come on , man , let 's keep move . wildman maybe a couple of we should go back . I and retread . goryl no. keep move . let 's go . wildman hesitates , he eye meeting goryl 's. goryl look away . pascalano rock be not dead . he 's fuck indestructible , can not be kill . we just see that , we think he be go , we see he half dead , then he show up . goryl be move ahead and the other be fall in behind he . wildman hesitates , then follow . behind they , the machinegun stutter again ... TEXAS who the fuck they shoot at ? beef color guy . from Baker . they be on the east slope . pascalano bullshit ! not Baker . Fucking rock get the kraut gun and he 's shoot the goddamn hun with they own gun , that 's all . german position the machinegun spatter bullet into the moonlit wood where german voice exchange urgent shout . rock be behind the gun , blaze away , finish off a belt . beside he in a pool of blood a badly injured german speak to he . injured german ( german , subtitle ) give I more medicine . for the pain . rock ( german , subtitle ) I give you all I have . have fail to find another ammo belt , rock be hastily grab some german grenade and other gear . injured german ( german , subtitle ) how come you talk german without a accent ? rock ( german , subtitle ) my parent come from the ruhr . injured german ( german , subtitle ) too bad , they should have stay . you guy do not have a chance . we be like a big machine , the panzer be come now , tank . rock ( leave ) we eat tank , we piss on they , tank be nothing to we . Laden with gear , rock slip off into the wood and , the instant he 's go , the injured german shout at the top of he lung ... injured german ( german , subtitle ) there's only one , he's all alone ! get he ! willie ! christian ! get he ! CUT to meadow / later TEXAS be move cautiously back through the meadow to where goryl and the rest of easy be wait tensely ... TEXAS no hut up there , sir . muttering among the man ... " Christ ! " " lose . " " stupid kid . " shaken , goryl try to hide he wane confidence ... goryl I must have get turn around . it 's that way . let 's go . more grumble . beef murmur to retread ... beef we be fuck lose . I get no confidence in this kid at all ! ridge / outside the farmhouse / night crouched behind a machinegun outside the farmhouse , three weary GIS be share a quick smoke , hide the single cigarette in a helmet so the glow will not give they away ... second GI nake ? bare ass ? first GI Fucking aye ! bare fuck ass ! boot and a helmet be all ... third GI a helmet with three star ! first GI he say he jeep get shell , gasoline all over he uniform . take it off so he would not catch fire . third GI poor bastard be out there in the wood buck naked for about three hour ... second GI " General cook , " huh ? I never hearda no General cook . first GI ( imitate ) " cook , third division , gimme that uniform , private . ' second GI ( incredulous ) he take you fuck uniform ? first GI be I gonna say " fuck you , General " ? second GI it make you wonder sometimes if this be a war or a comedy ... first GI Comedy , my ass ! that bastard be not funny unless get kill be ha-ha ! you know what he 's do , he 's in there tell pritchard we be gonna stick it out . the dumb shit want to attack , he 's call for support ... inside the farmhouse pritchard look agitate as general cook , wear a ill-fitted private 's uniform , harangue he ... cook you get you man to repeat the order . I want at least a dozen howitzer , I want Long tom , I want air support , and I want six rifle company by ... pritchard General , I do not think you quite grasp we situation here . by the time any support arrive we will already be -- cook interrupt , leaping to he foot , wave he arm theatrically and declaim loudly ... cook " then up speak brave horatius , the Captain of the gate ! ' to all the man upon this earth , death cometh soon or late ! and how can man die better than by face fearful odd for the ash of he father and the temple of he god ? " stun , pritchard can only stammer while everybody in the room stare at the General , completely non-pluss ... pritchard I ...uh , I beg you ... pardon , General ? cook tennyson ! you do not learn tennyson at the Point , Major ? goddamn pity . ( to the amaze gis ) of course we do not believe in all that crap about ash of father and temple of god , that 's Greek stuff ... but we believe in we family , we love one , we country , and Jesus Christ ... and we man down in that pass . pritchard General , that 's very emotional stuff about " fearful odd , " but , as you know , sir , war be win with tactic and ... cook " ' hew down the bridge , Sir consul , with all the speed ye may , and I with two to help I will hold the foe at bay !' " ( triumphantly ) " ' for in yon straight path a thousand may well be stop by three , now who will stand on either hand and fight the foe with I ? ' " ( to everyone ) that 's you tactic ! it be a bridge , see ? narrow like that pass down there . the idea be three man could stand off a army of thousand ... and they do ! that 's call " tactic mitt ball , " get that ? pritchard General , we situation be very serious and I do not think we should discuss this in front of ... cook what 's that ? cook have suddenly notice some can pile under a shelf in the corner which he 's point at ... radio operator look like paint , sir . cook ( inspect ) paint ! what kind of paint ? pritchard I imagine it 's italian paint , General , it be here when we establish hq . I wonder if we could continue we discussion of tactic in private so that ... cook it 's white paint ! cook have open a can and dip he finger in as we ... CUT to hut , meadow / night squatte in a moonlit meadow , the little peasant hut look ominous to goryl and the man of easy who be eyeing it warily from a safe distance . pascalano express almost universal sentiment as he mutter under he breath ... pascalano I be beginning to think it do not exist . goryl ( ignore the remark bravely ) the sergeant and I check it out this afternoon . it 's abandon . retread yeah ? I smell smoke . beef I too . goryl ( decisively ) I be gonna look it over . I need a volunteer to go with I . goryl find himself look into battle - harden face , man who do not volunteer ... especially not for green lieutenant . no response . hiding he own fear , goryl consider the tough face one by one . then he point ... goryl you . let 's go . without wait for wildman to answer , goryl start toward the hut . with a shrug , wildman fall in behind he . the other watch the two of they move stealthily toward the hut . beef I will say this for the Lieutenant , he 's goin ' himself , he do not send two of we . retread that 's ' cause he 's so fuck green he 's more scared of we than the kraut . he will learn . close to the hut wildman move cautiously to a window , then turn and hiss to goryl ... wildman window 's cover with something . goryl hide he tremble hand as he whisper . goryl cover I . I be go in . wildman be actually impressed . he look goryl in the eye . wildman I get more experience , sir . I could go in . goryl I need more experience . cover I . wildman stand by the door as goryl suddenly shove it open . inside the hut as goryl drop in low , a gun muzzle touch he temple ... forty yard away beef , retread , and the other watch breathlessly as wildman follow goryl in through the door . the man wait tensely for a shot or something ... suddenly wildman appear and approach the anxious man somberly ... wildman sergeant rock be prepare a light repast of hot k ration and he wonder if we would care to dine with he . pascalano what would I tell you ? the bastard can not die , he 's superhuman ! meadow / dawn the hut be a glum silhouette against the weak light come from the east where the rise sun be obscure by cloud . bigelow be breath come in puff of steam as he stand watch outside the hut , hold he hand out to collect the first flake of snow that 's beginning to fall almost imperceptibly . inside the hut the man of easy , huddle on the floor , be just beginning to stir . pascalano be see to pardee' need while rock pass out another round of k ration from he pack . TEXAS that true what whip say about the hospital ? the kraut bomb it ? rock ( a grim shrug ) it coulda be a accident . pardee it kill goine , right ? chopper be probably there too , and fortuna . beef some accident . retread well , I guess we gotta stop be nice to the Germans , right , fella ? no more mister Nice guy . wildman fuck you , retread . kluzewski ( look out the window ) it 's snow out . beef there you be , sunny Italy , vacationland of Europe . pascalano any country 's gonna be shit when it 's winter a ' people be shoot at you . rock Lieutenant , with you permission I would like to take a couple of man and scout ahead to make sure they do not get behind we , make sure we get a clear way to fall back . everybody look at rock , then at goryl like at a tennis match . goryl right . that 's a good idea , sergeant . rock while we be scout , sir , you might want to distribute the mail ... everybody gasp as rock produce the bundle of letter from he pack and we ... CUT to the meadow / moment later rock , retread and whipsnake be move across the meadow away from the hut as snow flutter in the air , not yet stick to the ground ... retread you pick we ' cause we do not get no mail , right ? rock I do not look . it 's gonna be tough haul pardee on the high ground . let 's check the pass , see what we see . retread you know I do not ever get mail . whip neither . rock it coulda get lose at regimental . thing be pretty fuck up back there . retread just because nobody write we be no reason for we to pull extra duty , sergeant . rock we will mark tree to make sure we can find we way back . inside the hut goryl be pull envelope from the sack of mail . goryl Jones , William ... a awkward silence , exchange of glance , then ... kluzewski he ... be not with we no more . goryl oh . uh , sorry . uh ... blake , Thomas . another silence . goryl uh , absent ? TEXAS Dead . goryl pull out another letter . goryl I can not pronounce this , it , uh , look italian . eff ay ...are ...are ...ay ... pascalano farracci . beef shit ! another silence , then ... wildman why do not you let I distribute them , Lieutenant ? goryl yes. good idea , corporal . wildman take the stack of letter . he look at the top one , then set it aside solemnly . then the next . and the next . it 's a grim moment , the room be full of the ghost of dead man . until ... wildman here ya go , klu . as kluzewski take the letter eagerly pascalano breathes a sigh of relief . pascalano thank Christ ! I be think maybe none of we be alive ! wood / snow snow be fall fast and furiously now , stick to the bare branch , several inch deep on the ground , obscure everything , muffle sound . rock , retread , and whipsnake appear plodd through the snow . rock be peer around at the wood . the snow have cut he visibility to thirty yard . rock we be not gonna learn anything more . we better get back . retread while we can . I hope you know the way . retread be consider the fresh blanket of snow behind they , the mysterious wood . crack ! crack ! sharp snap sound in the distance . all three of they stiffen . whipsnake look puzzle . whipsnake rifles ? retread not m - 1s . maybe italian rifle or something . rock frown as he listen . he know what they be ... rock tree ! whipsnake tree ? inside the hut look disturb , kluzewski be study the content of he letter with a frown when beef's triumphant shout cause he to look up . everybody 's look at beef who 's gleefully hold up a crude ladderback chair and punch out the straw seat . beef looka this , willya ? looka what I get ? a fuck toilet ! I be gonna take a shit like a human be . I be gonna take a proper fuck crap ! wildman second ! pascalano third ! TEXAS next ! bigelow after Texas . pascalano whatsa matter , kluzewski , you constipate or you get to like squatting ? kluzewski be completely preoccupy with a photo enclose with he letter ... a picture of he wife angie and he two kid . pretty angie smile at he from the picture with love and innocence ( in sharp contrast to the horny slut from he dream ) as he answer absently ... kluzewski yeah , yeah , count I in . pascalano ( to goryl ) this be a democracy here on the line , Lieutenant , no officer latrine . goryl Fair enough , I be last . pardee he oughtta go outside , he 's gonna stink up we luxury accommodation . wildman who could smell it ? we all stink so bad we can not smell anything but ourselves . TEXAS ( emotional ) Fucking aye ! we be all disgusting ! can you imagine if some woman walk in here ? what she would think of we ? a buncha animal ... pascalano worse than animal ! animal clean themselves . pardee that 's what so great about woman , you know ? how clean they be ! wildman that be not all that 's so great about they , in case you forget ... nobody laugh at wildman be joke , they be serious ... TEXAS pasky 's right . even the dirty one be clean ... pardee they smell like soap ... pascalano or clean sheet ... goryl they hair especially ... surprise look . nobody expect goryl , " the stranger , " to speak . then kluzewski look up dreamily from " mother Angie 's " smile ... kluzewski yeah . they hair ... everybody 's silent for a moment think clean thought ... bbbbrrrrrrat ! a loud farting noise from beef's direction break the mood . wildman I believe we get artillery support after all . tank / wood craaack ! SNAP ! crack ! tree break like twig as two tank , panzer , ghostly in the snowy air , grind through the wood ominously . rock , retread , and whipsnake be crouch behind a tree twenty yard away , watch the tank . rock be grim . rock let 's go . the three man move from behind the rock and start hastily back through the wood as the tank continue through the tree . move through the thickly fall snow , they vision obscure , they weave among the tree ... rock be look around with a frown . rock there ! there 's one of we mark . rock be indicate a crude slash in one of the tree . he 's about to look for the next one when ... crack ! SNAP ! directly in front of they , the sound of a tank come , still a way off . whipsnake aw shit ! rock this way . rock head decisively in another direction as we ... CUT to snow / wood / moment later lead they in the other direction , rock suddenly hear the snarling engine of a tank ahead of he ... not too far . but he can not see the tank ... in fact he can not see more than ten foot in the thickly fall snow . hastily , the three man turn back , move away from the snarl of the engine . but second later another engine growl even closer to they , force they to change direction again . the engine get louder ... so loud the roaring seem to surround they . whipsnake and retread look to rock for guidance . which way do they go ? rock do not know . suddenly a tank appear ... a huge black thing looming out of the of snow only fifteen feet away . all three man scramble out of the way as the huge tank grind within a few foot of they , apparently never see they . but whipsnake be point in alarm . here come another , ten yard from they . its machinegun start to chatter . rock split up ! rock dive out of the way to the leave of the tank , whipsnake and retread sprawl in the other direction . half crawl , half run , rock scramble away from the tank ... and scramble almost under the tread of another as it suddenly appear out of the whiteness . escape the tread , rock see the flash of machinegun fire from another tank invisible in the snow . it must be shoot at retread and whipsnake . rock pull a grenade and move through the blind snow , deafen by roaring engine . suddenly he 's ten foot from the profile of a tank as it grind forward fire . rock flip the grenade into the tread and dive flat on he face . ka-blaaaaam ! the grenade explode . rock look up . the tank rumble ahead , apparently oblivious . and suddenly another tank rumble out of the snow only a few foot away , about to run over he . rock scramble to he foot and sprint off into the snow as the machinegun chatter behind he . gasp for air he keep run , put distance between the throbbing engine and himself as we ... CUT to rock / minute later still staggering forward suck wind , rock look back . he can not see anything through the snow , but he can still hear the tank grumble toward he a quarter mile back . wham ! rock slam into something directly in front of he . a wall . shake he head clear , rock find himself look at the muzzle of TEXAS ' rifle . TEXAS sarge ! you okay ? what 's go on ? that tank be truck or what ? rock tank . get inside . as rock and TEXAS disappear into the hut , wind blow the curtain of snow momentarily clear , revealing four tank only a hundred yard away , grind slowly toward the hut with german footsoldiers move behind they . inside the hut TEXAS be peek out the side window . TEXAS shit ! it 's let up , the wind 's blow the snow away . goryl we can not fight tank ... rock I think we should sit tight , there 's a chance they will go right past we . the engine be get louder . goryl good idea , sergeant . I -- TEXAS no , it be not ! hit the deck ! TEXAS , who 's be peer through the window , dive for the floor and everybody else follow suit . tank turret from behind the turn tank turret we see the big gun on the lead tank line up with the hut a hundred yard ahead ... aim ... ka blaaaaam ! the big gun blast . a direct hit demolish the hut . the tank continue to rumble toward the crumpled hut . inside the rubble rock poke he head out of the clutter of debris , spot the tank come toward the hut , now only 70 yard away , and start to struggle free . goryl , TEXAS , wildman , kluzewski and pascalano be scramble to they foot , cover with cut and bruise , as rock start digging in the debris . rock where 's pardee ? where 's beef ? wildman where 's my rifle ? TEXAS fuck you rifle . TEXAS be see the tank grind right at they . bigelow help ! I be catch ! I and beef . bigelow and beef be underneath a collapse wall and goryl , kluzewski , pascalano and TEXAS start digging they out as rock pull aside debris desperately look for pardee . the tank be closer ... much closer ... machinegun rattle , bullet sizzle in the debris . rock and goryl pull a heavy board aside and react ... underneath be pardee , clearly dead . crack ! ping ! crack ! ping ! wildman fire he m - 1 at the tank , now only thirty - five yard away , and the bullet ping off the armored surface as machinegun bullet sizzle around wildman . beef be clear , he arm break , but bigelow be still trap as goryl and rock join the other try to free he . pin , bigelow be able to maneuver enough to get one hand on he lifesaver . frantic , he spill two before he manage to get a hand to he mouth with a red one . goryl I get he ! you guy take off ! goryl be still digging frantically as TEXAS turn and see the tank twenty yard away and come ...coming ...coming ... rock see it too as he hurl aside debris , freeing bigelow at last ... but the tank be on they , loom over they , five yard away , too late to run , too late to ... kaaaabaaaam ! a sudden explosion shudder the tank , cause it to grind to a violent stop , cant part way up the heap of debris , its menace tread only three foot from rdck who stare in amazement . kaaaa - booom ! a second bazooka shell slam into the immobilize tank 's turret penetrate heavy armor . smoke pour from the badly damage tank and someone scream from inside . as the other stare in dumbfounded amazement , rock , look leave , spot several phantom soldier barely visible a hundred and fifty yard away at the edge of the wood . ghostly figure in the fall snow , they seem to be wear dark mask and one of they have a bazooka . then , like apparition , they disappear into the wood . rock everybody down , the kraut do not see we . crouched behind the debris and the burn tank , rock , goryl and the other watch the other tank turn abruptly toward the wood to the leave , machinegun rattling as they pursue the phantom soldier . TEXAS sonofabitch ! wildman bazooka ! bigelow helluva shot ! goryl ( to rock ) who ...? rock I dunno , sir . rock be thoughtful eye follow the tank as they grind into the wood with german footsoldiers in they wake . CUT to wood / later it 's still snow , pile up on the ground and cover the tree branch as wildman move cautiously among the tree , rifle ready . he 's the point man , about thirty yard ahead of the rest of the rag band . goryl and pascalano be next , then beef who 's wear he leave arm in sling , then rock carry the bar follow by TEXAS and finally kluzewski who 's bring up the rear . ahead , in the distance , a machinegun rattles , then rifle crack and the deep thud of a flat trajectory gun sound . goryl drop back to be close to rock . goryl that machinegun ... it 's slower ... rock one of ours . goryl you do not think maybe we be get support ? rock ( dubious ) that Major say there be another outfit , Baker , in the area . it be probably they with the bazooka . up ahead wildman be scan the wood , back and forth , back and forth , pan he rifle , move cautiously . to the right ... tree ...tree ... tree ... to the leave ... tree ... and more tree ... it 's spooky how peaceful the wood appear when every tree could conceal a sniper and sudden death ! to the right ... tree ...tree ... tree ... to the leave ... a movement ! wildman hit it ! wildman dive flat into the snow behind a tree , aim at a blur of movement between two tree ... crack ! he fire . wildman on the leave , ten o'clock . everybody 's down in the snow look for a target , sweat in the cold . all they can see be tree . bigelow be try to keep a eye on the wood , a hand on he rifle and still get a lifesaver with he other hand . he drop the lifesaver in the snow . panic ! wildman pan he rifle from a prone position , look for a target ... nothing . then ... retread voice / wood hey , rock , that you ? rock breathes a sigh of relief and grin at goryl , then he call out ... rock who 's get good leg ? retread voice / wood Betty grable . who get the big tit ? kluzewski , TEXAS , wildman lana Turner ! whipsnake's voice ( o.s. ) who 's a big asshole ? everybody adolph Hitler ! retread and whipsnake be appear from the tree fifty yard away as we ... CUT to wood / minute later retread and whipsnake be report to rock and goryl while bigelow and TEXAS keep watch and the other listen ... retread ... so we can not see shit in the snow , can not find rock , can not find we mark , a ' all of a sudden we be surround ... whipsnake ... not by kraut , by color guy ... retread Baker company , about ten of them ... whipsnake that 's all that 's leave of they first platoon ... retread they're as beat up as we ... they get this sergeant ... whipsnake as big as sergeant rock a ' black as coal ... retread ( imitate Southern black dialect ) " you gennlemen see any nazzy ? we lookin ' for nazzy . " whipsnake " Bet you ass , " we say . " about eight tank . " retread this sergeant just grin like he like tank ... whipsnake they get a bazooka and a light machinegun ... retread so we hear the engine , then we see the tank go after you guy ... whipsnake they be almost on top of you ! " that 's we outfit , " we say ... retread this sergeant go , " siiiilk . " whipsnake that 's the name of he bazooka man ... silk ! retread he take he time , he aim , he aim , he aim ... whipsnake bam ! two hundred yard ! bullseye ! retread right in the tread ! coolest sonofabitch I ever see ! impossible shot ! whipsnake ... silk say " lightn ... " retread ... that 's he loader 's name , " lightn ! " ... whipsnake ... smoothest loader you ever see , and fastest ... retread ... just like lightning ... whipsnake ... and bam ! another bullseye , right in the turret this time . rock we be there . whipsnake so when the kraut turn ... and start at the color guy , the color guy fall back . retread this sergeant say , " we be not gonna fight them here , we gonna fight them in de pass . " whipsnake I an' retread hide out under a log ... kluzewski " fight them . " ten guy be gonna " fight " a buncha tank ? in the distance come the rattle of a machinegun and the dull thud of flat trajectory shell ... whipsnake ( suddenly ) hey ! where 's pardee ? everybody look grim , nobody answer and we ... CUT to wood / later the snow have stop fall . the ten man of easy be move single file through the snowy wood , retread in front , wildman watch the rear , walk backward much of the time . beef ( to whipsnake ) the thing about the color be they be quitter , when thing get tough they run . whipsnake well , at least they do not quit before they save you ass , huh , beef ? beef I be just say what I hear be all . I never meet no color people . rock , just ahead of the Lieutenant , be scan the terrain to the right and leave . he spot something and , look back , indicate what he see to goryl . goryl follow the look and see break tree fifty yard to the leave . rock they be go to the pass . we should move up on the slope to avoid they . goryl be nodd agreement when rock stiffen . up ahead , retread be signal . everybody halt . retread make a hand signal , indicate for rock to come forward as we ... CUT to a ravine / second later a overturn panzer lie blacken and smolder in the ravine . several german soldier lie face down in the snow . rock , goryl , and retread be on the lip of the ravine , look down at the ruin tank in awe . retread ( a black voice ) " siiiilk " ... rock look impressed as we ... CUT to farmhouse / ridge huge white letter on the wall of the farmhouse say ... kraut like weinies USA all the way and incomplete ... eat shit , adol ... the first , second , and third GIS be work on the p and h for adolph , bucket of white paint at hand . first GI this be nut ! second GI you be tell I it 's nut ? a shell scream overhead and explode 500 yard beyond . first GI if it be just the Major , I would tell he to blow it out he ass ... third GI suuuure you would . first GI ... but that fuck General ! I be not crossing that General . third GI General bare ass ! thirty yard away cook lower the binocular and start back to the farmhouse as another shell explode a thousand yard away . the GIS be consider the complete " eat shit adolph " as cook stride past . cook look good , man . first GI uh , what should we write next , sir ? cook think of a good one . how about " mussolini be a cocksucker " ? as cook continue to the farmhouse door , the three GIS exchange glance ... first GI who can spell " mussolini " ? second GI who can spell " cocksucker " ? inside the farmhouse pritchard and the radio operator , hover over the radio , look up as cook enter , scowling ... cook tank . pritchard ( alarmed ) tank ! cook I see at least two of they , just glimpse they ... pritchard we can not fight tank , General ... cook there be some kind of skirmish , the man must be take they on ... pritchard General ! it 's just a handful of color boy and what 's leave of easy . they can not -- cook brave bastard ! Real fighter ! do you request artillery ? pritchard yessir ... cook you say " General cook want full air support , General cook want arty include twenty howitzer and Long tom , General cook want -- " pritchard -- six rifle company and armored support . I request everything per you instruction , but , General ... even if they come through with the support , it will be too late , we will be overrun by -- cook loom very close to pritchard , cut he off in a heavy whisper ... cook shut up , pritchard , you will rattle the man . with a meaningful glance , cook indicate the radio operator to pritchard , then he turn and start for the door , grab a bucket of paint from the floor and point out a second bucket to pritchard ... cook come on , Major , let 's help with the painting . pritchard hoist the bucket of paint and start after cook , complain ... pritchard I do not understand the point of the painting , General ... cook ( exite ) morale , Major . it 's not good to sit around on you ass , think about die . much better to be stand on you foot , say " fuck you ! " paint bucket in hand , pritchard follow cook out the door with a weary " right , sir , of course " as another shell hit in the wood , shaking the farmhouse ... sloping wood / day rock and the man from easy be warily make they way through wood that slope steeply form part of the west wall of the pass . exhausted , they move cautiously , haunt by the threat of demon sniper . pop ! pop ! everybody stiffen at the sound of distant shot . the sound come from below in the pass . the man move lower on the slope where the wood give way to steep boulder wall that line the pass the to the floor . look down from the steep rocky slope , rock and goryl see six tank growl into the throat of the pass below with fifty germam footsoldiers move in they wake ... blaaaaam ! the lead tank fire its cannon and its machinegun clatter . goryl who be they shoot at ? rock spot a american soldier , far below , scamper among the rock near the foot of the slope ahead of the tank . then another soldier appear and disappear just as quickly between boulder . retread , beef , and the other be gather behind rock and goryl , watch . nobody say anything , nobody answer goryl as the drama below unfold . blaaam ! the lead tank fire another round as it growl toward the edge of the slope where rock glimpse the two GIS . whoooooomp ! the move tank suddenly shudder and grind to a halt . retread yeah ! siiiiilk ! beef ( impressed ) sonofabitch ! whooooomp ! a second bazooka shell slam into the panzer and smoke pour from the wounded , immobilize beast . chatta chatta chatta . the patter of a machinegun send german footsoldiers diving for cover . TEXAS what the fuck be they do ? goryl ( to rock ) it 's Baker ? the same man ? rock yeah . it must be . rock be eye never leave the action below . he 's impressed . chatta chatta chatta . the german be pin down , but they be up to something . rock watch two squad of german soldier assemble out of sight of the baker soldier . a sudden huge noise focuss everybody 's attention on the opposite wall of the pass where a landslide of massive boulder surge down the slope . rock and the other watch in astonishment as the big rock , together with the ruin tank , form a " string of bead " across the throat of the pass , make the pass impassable for the other tank . TEXAS they block it ! they block the pass . bigelow sonofabitch ! rock be jaw be set like stone , he eye glow with admiration as all around he he comrade speak in awed tone ... wildman that sonofabitch ! kluzewski God damn ! retread tough outfit . I could see that . beef the kraut will just blow that rock out with some charge . whipsnake maybe so , but that color take out three tank so far and they be slow them down to put charge in . all we be doin ' be runnin ' . TEXAS see what rock see , two squad of german soldier move up the rocky slope of the pass to get above and behind the baker soldier who be low on the slope in the neck of the pass . TEXAS they better start runnin ' pretty quick . rock hesitates , then make up he mind and make a head movement indicate he want to talk to goryl privately . as the two man move away , retread see they go and shake he head sardonically ... retread Christ almighty ! whaddaya wanna bet rock 's talk the Lieutenant " girl " into take a couple volunteer and shoot up that kraut ambush unit ? it 's hero time again . TEXAS ( look down ) shit , they gotta be crazy , they be not backin ' up . ten yard away rock and goryl be deep in conversation ... goryl we be suppose to be pull back , we be heavily outnumber ... rock myself and two man only at risk . we slip fifty yard down the slope , snipe at that outfit , make them dig in and hide . maybe we wound a couple , slow they down . that alert Baker and give they some time to get the hell out . goryl ( struggle ) sergeant , you and I have a responsibility to get we man out of here . this color guy be be very ... heroic . maybe foolhardy . maybe foolishly heroic . rock so let 's give they a chance to save they ass , like they do for we . give they some run room . Three of we , sir . back to the other beef and whipsnake be heavily into a dialogue . whipsnake bullshit ! beef it happen to a guy . he be in this car accident , they take he to the hospital , they give he color blood by accident ... kluzewski a ' he kid come out color ? whipsnake how do ya know it be from the blood ? beef how else be he gonna get a color kid ? the question be so profoundly stupid everybody 's too dumbfounded to answer . and then goryl appear ... goryl the sergeant want volunteer ... retread what would I tell ya ? goryl he want to attack the Germans below we and withdraw immediately . wildman ( a shrug ) I be on . kluzewski ( ultra casual ) I will go . pascalano I too . CUT to the steep slope / moment later rock be in the lead , wildman behind he , then kluzewski and pascalano , all of they struggle among boulder , try not to dislodge loose rock that could tip off the german below and to they leave ... kluzewski how come ? I think you be against this ? pascalano I be . I just figure I be better off attackin' Rome with rock than walk through the fuck wood with wonder -goryl . rock stop . rock hold it . right here . they will pass between that two boulder down there , see ? when I say fire , we open up , we might hit as many as four man . wildman then what ? rock we fire a few round , keep them honest , then we withdraw . above , the rim goryl and the other be look down . they can just barely see rock 's position ... and they can catch brief glimpsis of german scramble between boulder , intent on encircle baker , unaware they be move into a ambush themselves . gunfire from the pass below and to the right cause they to look and see a german soldier , tiny in the distance , sprawle face down while two other tiny german scurry for cover . retread demolition team , try to get to the rock and blow them up ... TEXAS and Baker be not lettin ' them do it . bigelow that bastard , they really hang tough . whipsnake that 's how we be at kassarene . budda budda budda budda ! sudden fire right below they . they all look down and see german soldier be cut down between two boulder . among the boulder below rock , pascalano , wildman , and kluzewski be fire in a fury as german soldier scream and dive bloodily for cover . one bloody german be face down and motionless , another be crawl desperately to get behind a boulder . another , out of view , be scream . rock we hit three for sure . wildman five I think . crack ! kluzewski fire a single shot into the crawl german . kluzewski for pardee , ya kraut pig ! below they , german voice be shouting urgently . someone cry out in pain . pascalano what be they say , sarge ? rock ( deadpan ) they be unhappy . kluzewski no shit . more urgent german voice below ... rock they do not like we ... pascalano aaaawwww ... rock ( still deadpan ) or we mother . pascalano shit ! we mother ! really , they say ...? a sudden angry profane burst of german below direct right at easy . everybody look at rock ... rock ( again deadpan ) or we nigger Jew friend . a moment of silence , then wildman point to a slab of rock ten yard below jutting out of the steep face of the slope . wildman listen , sarge ... see that rock over there ... jutting out ? if someone get out there , they could drop a grenade right on top of that guy . rock " someone " ...? wildman grin , then indicate the pass off to the right . wildman Baker 's still take them on ... rock go ahead . here . rock hand wildman a grenade . wildman mama ... pleeeeease . could I have two cookie , mama ? above , the rim / moment later goryl frown as he and the other see wildman slip among the boulder ... TEXAS wildman . where 's he goin ' ? wildman reach the flat rock that jut out a little like a very wide and long diving board . they watch he go down on he belly and squirm out toward the lip ... whipsnake gonna deliver some fruit ... beef that well know dessert , pineapple pie ! they all watch tensely as wildman squirm out on the rock . wildman / the overhanging rock wildman hold a grenade in he hand and peek over the lip of the rock . from he point of view , wildman see german directly below he in disarray . some be try to squirm into position to return rock be fire , another be set up a machinegun , other attend two very badly wounded soldier , and a officer and radioman be huddle over a portable radio , speak excitedly . wildman pull the pin on the grenade , look up , and shout toward the sky ... wildman hey , farracci , you wop bastard ! farracci , up in heaven , watch this ! wildman look down now at the startle face of german below look up at he ... and drop the grenade among they . wildman that's for farracci , you dirty hun , that's for the daring dago , eat it , you nazzey asshole ! booooooooom ! above , on the rim the blast and the scream drift upward as goryl be attention be divert by retread who tap he arm and point off to the leave . follow retread be look , goryl spot movement among the boulder far to the leave . some member of the german squad be move to outflank rock be position . retread get behind rock . goryl look back toward rock be position in time to see wildman yanking the pin on the next grenade as he shout ... wildman you asshole don't like colored guy , huh ? herex one for the colored G ... bawhooooooom ! goryl and the other be horrify to see wildman suddenly roll and writhe , cover with blood , he hand to he face ... wildman oh , GOD ! oh , christ ! oh my GOD , christ almighty , I 'm hit , oh shit ! i'm hit bad , oh christ ! goryl ( stunne ) wha ... what ...? retread goddamn short fuse ! fuck ! goryl can see wildman in agony on the promontory while rock and pascalano move hastily toward he . goryl then quickly look to the leave where again he spot uniform move among the boulder out of rock be sight , encircle rock be position . goryl be in a agony of indecision realize the mess they be suddenly in ... the promontory below wildman be scream as rock and pascalano try to move he back off the promontory . german shout swearword from below in response to wildman be scream . above on the rim as wildman scream below , retread be look to goryl who 's watch the boulder where german soldier be move up the slope out of rock be sight . retread we better warn rock , Lieutenant . goryl look to retread and find all of they look at he . they have all see the german . goryl no . Stone face watch goryl who 's tremble , sweat ... goryl if we warn he , we give away we position and we leave rock surround anyway . beef ( hostile ) yeah ? so whadda we gonna do , Lieutenant ? goryl do not even try to hide the fact that he 's scared . goryl we m-move down , w-we get p-position on the kraut and wh-when they t-try to ambush r-rock , we b-beat the shit outta they . let 's go , retread , take the rear ... f- f- follow I , fella . turn he back on they to avoid any challenge to he authority , goryl move immediately . beef roll he eye as he start to follow . beef if this be what it 's like to " fall back , " I do not wanna know what 's a attack . retread the bullshit be , rock get we into this , then if we get out alive , pascalano 's gonna tell I how rock save we ass a ' as long as we soldier with rock we live forever , we get charme life . whipsnake I get serious doubt about live forever , retread . serious doubt . goryl ( a loud whisper ) sssssssst . keep quiet . they be all move cautiously down the steep slope among boulder now , all of they scared as shell boom in the distance and wildman scream not very far away . among the boulder wildman be sedate , in shock . rock be bandage he . kluzewski how the fuck do we get he back up , sarge ? rock carry he . gimme another bandage . pascalano be the lookout , he 's look down where german be hide below , catch sight of a flash of uniform and squeeze off a single shot . crack ! crack ! ping ! the german answer from below with two shot that spang harmlessly off the boulder . rock okay , let 's go . klu , you give I a hand with wildman ... pascalano , watch we ass , rock shoulder wildman while kluzewski help balance the load . then they start to struggle up the slope , pascalano keep a eye on the rear . suddenly kluzewski glimpsis movement ahead . he shout and shove rock violently forward . kluzewski hit it , sarge , they be above we . ratta ratta ratta tatta tattaa ... automatic fire splatter around they from above . rock shove wildman against the face of a boulder and squeeze against he , try to " melt " the two of they right into the stone . kluzewski be press under a overhang with about a inch of cover to spare , like rock . and pascalano be similarly pin as bullet zing off the stone surface inch away . rock klu ! you okay ? kluzewski be squeezing he body away from bullet ... kluzewski s- so far . rock pascalano ? pascalano I be of ... pascalano be replying when a german grenade , the potato masher style , plop among the boulder two foot away . for a quarter second he stare at certain death ... then he foot shoot out and he kick the grenade down the slope . boooooooom ! pascalano ( shaking ) ...kay , s-sergeant . kluzewski what the hell be we gonna do , sarge ? I can not move , I be pin . rock hang tight , the Lieutenant will support we . kluzewski he 's a kid , he will shit he pants . bratta bratta bratta ! a sudden increase in fire . german shout . rock that 's he now . up the slope nestled among the boulder , goryl be flipping a grenade down on startle german soldier while retread fire the second bar and bigelow hand he magazine . whipsnake and TEXAS be blaze away with they rifle , ambush the shit out of the six german soldier . bawhoooom ! goryl be grenade go off and goryl pick up he rifle and aim at a wounded german staggering for cover . crack ! the wounded german go down and lie motionless . goryl hold you fire , I think we get them . goryl look down among the boulder . he can see part of three different german uniform ...motionless . goryl turn to retread . goryl cover I , retread . goryl have he pistol out and he 's crawl cautiously down to where the german body lie . further down the slope rock be check wildman who 's unconscious now as pascalano and kluzewski crouch around he among the boulder . pascalano how would joo know , sarge ? about the Lieutenant ... rock you remember that time in kassarene with that armored car ? pascalano " remember " ! I shit my pants ! rock yeah , but after you shit you pants , you take out the armored car , you remember that ? pascalano and you know I would ? rock keep that guy pin down . among the boulder goryl be creep down to where the ambush german be . six foot ahead of he be a motionless leg . the rest of the german be body be hide from view behind the boulder . and anything else that might be wait . a wounded german with a pistol perhaps ... terrify , goryl sweat like a pig as he creep around a boulder , pistol in hand . then he pause . his hand feel wet . look at the hand , he see it 's soak with blood . a pool of blood lie on the rock . goryl , scarcely breathe , move around the boulder . a german lie face down only two foot in front of he . goryl gulp . put the gun to the german be head he push the limp body , expose the face . lifeless . blonde . Dead . Young . goryl crawl over the body and around the next boulder . a german sit slump against a rock , he chest soak with blood , he eye stare lifelessly at nothing . a few foot away another german be face down in a pool of blood . point the pistol , goryl crawl cautiously toward he and move he head . the man 's feature be go , he face a mass of bloody pulp . goryl be gag when he hear retread voice call out . retread voice ( o.s. ) Lieutenant ? you okay ? goryl ( recover ) yeah . CUT to boulder / moment later they be all together among the boulder , pascalano and bigelow watch , the other bunched around rock and wildman . wildman look bad . beef it 's bad enough when the kraut get you ... but when you own fuck weapon get you ... rock where 's the Lieutenant ? behind a boulder goryl be separate from the other behind a boulder , squirming around , half in and half out of he pants , when he look up and see retread crawl around the rock . goryl look embarrassed . goryl uh , I , uh ... take , uh , a crap . retread ( knowingly ) want some clean underwear ? I get one pair . goryl ( very embarrassed ) yeah ? retread we all do it . it do not matter . ( pull underwear from pack ) listen , it be not the load in you pants that matter , Lieutenant ... it 's how you carry the load . goryl oh. retread ( hand over the pants ) you do not smell too bad there , sir . among the boulder wildman be moan , semi-conscious , as rock tend to he while pascalano and kluzewski look on . pascalano Christ , he look bad , sarge . rock shock . he need blood , he need a medic . kluzewski more like he need a miracle ! rock glare at kluzewski who drop he eye hastily ... ten yard away crouched among the boulder , bigelow , TEXAS , whipsnake , and beef be look down into the valley as retread join they . below , in the pass , tiny figure , german soldier be hover beside a six foot boulder , one of many block the pass . the german soldier suddenly sprint away . BA whooooom ! the boulder explode . retread demolition team . they be gonna clear the pass . beef look along the barrel of he rifle as he watch the two german soldier hurry toward another boulder . beef wish I have the range ... retread do not waste a round . pop ! a rifle shot in the distance . one of the german soldier go down . the other hesitates . pop ! pop ! the other german soldier sprint for cover . pop ! pop ! he almost make it before he go down . for a moment beef and the other just stare in stunne silence . then ... TEXAS the color guy be still there ! beef the bastard do not get out ... pop ! pop ! more shot in the pass . retread ( impressed ) they be not gonna let the kraut clear the pass . beef they be crazy ! we give them a goddamn chance to get out . they be nut ! they be stupid ! TEXAS all a that . and ball of pure steel ! CUT to among the boulder goryl and rock be huddle together hear the unconscious wildman . rock indicate the pale winter sun smear the western horizon . rock be dark soon , sir . we could slip out then . goryl ( nodd ) that must be what Baker 's gonna do too . wait for dark . rock glance at wildman , then he look at goryl , struggle with something , something that 's hard to say ... rock listen , sir , I know this be my fault . it be my idea to -- goryl ( sharply ) it be you idea , but it be my decision . I be the officer , sergeant ... rock yes , sir , but I kind of talk you into -- goryl ( look he hard in the eye ) I could have say " no , " sergeant . rock find goryl look he right in the eye . goryl be face be stubble , he look older . he 's a peer now . rock right , sir . van rocklin house / akron / day the mailman put the mail in the box , then hurry off down the sidewalk as van rocklin open the door . mailman ( nervous ) somethin ' from the government , mister Van rocklin . van rocklin frown as he open the mailbox . mailman hope it be not bad news or anythin' . van rocklin stare at the envelope address to he from the War Department . his finger tremble as he start to open it . inside the house mrs . van rocklin , a white haire woman in she sixty , look with alarm as van rocklin enter , completely absorb in the letter . mrs . van rocklin fritz ... what be it ? ( he 's read , he do not respond ) fritz ! van rocklin look like a ghost , pale and shake , but he breathes a sigh of relief . van rocklin it 's all right . he be injure , but he 's all right . mrs . van rocklin ( horrify ) injured ! van rocklin but it 's all right now . it 's not serious anymore . he 's in a hospital , they be go to send he home . mrs . van rocklin collapse in he comforting arm and they hold each other . mrs . van rocklin oh my God ! I be so afraid ... the way you look . I think ... I think ... van rocklin hush now , it 's all right . he 's safe . CUT to among the boulder / night it 's pitch black as easy prepare to move out . invisible in the darkness , they be sound ... shoe scuffing ... harsh grunt ... urgent whisper ... voice / darkness ready ? go ahead . you get he ? lift. unnnhh . okay , let 's go . ready , sergeant ? all set , sir . Texas , point . retread , rear . retread ? retread ? moon , cloud / night the cloud clear the moon , illuminate the night . among the boulder moonlight reveal retread as he look upward , listen intently . a very faint dron sound come from above the cloud cover . something cross the moon , glimpse briefly , the silhouette of a paratrooper . then the cloud cover the moon and all be blackness again . retread voice / darkness aw shit . sarge ! sssssst , sarge . ten yard away / moment later rock and goryl be have a urgent conversation in the darkness ... goryl if he only see one man ... rock he hear two plane . that mean at least two squad . it could be a whole company . goryl then we be ... surround . cut off . they be behind we . rock the question be ... do we proceed or do we stay put ? goryl if we proceed , we will run into they up there in the wood ... rock ... and they will have the advantage , they be hunt we , we have get a wounded man ... goryl if we stay , we have get a solid defensive position , they will have a tough time get at we , but ... rock ... but we will be stick here in the morning . probably pin down . goryl between the devil and the deep blue sea . rock between the rock and the hard place ... there be not any right answer , Lieutenant ... goryl but there 's probably a wrong one ... rock I be not gonna second guess you no matter how it turn out ... goryl ( make up he mind ) we will dig in . position the man in twos , take turn awake , tell they to be very alert ... it might not be mortar and machinegun ... this could be commando . rock right , sir . rock start to move off , but goryl stop he . goryl also , sergeant ... rock stop and look back . goryl ( continue ) send a man off on the flank about fifty yard ... rock ( confound ) Sir ? goryl so he do not give we position away . I want he to yell a warning to Baker . about the paratrooper . they may not have see they . rock ( impressed ) good idea , sir . CUT to along the slope / minute later whipsnake stand among the boulder and shout at the top of he lung ... whipsnake hey , baker ! hey , baker , this be easy ! the degenerate mindless pig german dropped a airborne company behind US . watch you american ass ! watch -- bang ! bang ! ping ! ping ! whipsnake break off as bullet pierce the night , sing off the rock around he ... among the boulder barely visible in the moonlight rock crouch with the other , listen as the shot cease and a sudden eerie silence begin . beef nothing . no acknowledgement . rock they be not gonna give they position away . TEXAS could be they fall back already , get away ... beef or maybe the paratrooper already get them ... cut they throat ... rock all right , knock it off . Split up in twos , take turn watch , stay alert ... beef we be fuck , you know that ? stuck here ! we really get we tit in a ringer this -- rock ( sharply ) that 's enough , beef . listen up , all of you . beef 's right , we be in a pile of shit . it 's my fault , I get we into this because I think we should back up Baker ... in the moonlight , harden face look solemnly at rock , listen to he apology . but rock be voice be suddenly a cold snarl , he eye be like flint ... rock ( continue ) well , that 's tough , lady ... this be a war , we be suppose to fight . beef , whipsnake , and the other gasp at the word " lady " ... rock ( continue ) now that guy in Baker , they might have a little more ammo than we , they might have a bazooka ... but there 's about ten of they and about ten of we . they be just as beat up as we , just as tired as we , and they be not get pussy any more than we be . in fact the kraut be pound they a lot worse than we . and every time the kraut give that color guy some shit , that color guy dish some shit out . they wreck three tank today and they have hold up a german column more than six hour . you think they fall back ? you think they be dead ? or you think they get piss off and they're on they way to Berlin , all rag ass ten of them , gonna string up the fuhrer by he dick ? ( he pause , glaring , then ... ) all right , take you position and let 's hope we acquit ourselves half as good as that guy . before anyone can move , there 's a pop sound from below in the pass . peer over a boulder , retread see a bright flare hang over the block pass ... and german soldier hastily dash for cover . retread I do not think the color guy leave for Berlin yet , sergeant . crack ! crack ! crack ! the german soldier be shot down as the flare fade . among the boulder / later pascalano be alert , weapon ready behind a boulder while close by TEXAS be settling down to sleep , still shaking he head in disbelief ... TEXAS he never call we nothin ' like that before ... " lady " ...! pascalano I never see he so upset ... this be the worst ... worse than when weller fall asleep that time ... beef it 's causa the wildman . they go way back ... an' he know wildman be not gonna make it . ten yard away / boulder it 's spooky quiet now as bigelow peer into the darkness while TEXAS sleep curl up behind he against a boulder . something touch bigelow be hand . he consider it . then he feel it on he face . snow . it 's drift down silently as the moon shine intermittently through the cloud and we ... CUT to a montage snow fall on the moonlit " duo . " pascalano watch , beef sleep ... rock watch , turn and check the unconscious wildman , wipe snow from he face . kluzewski watch while whipsnake stir in he sleep ... goryl watch while retread sleep and we ... CUT to boulder / much later the snow have stop fall and the spooky silence continue . TEXAS , he helmet cover with snow , be watch the darkness while bigelow , he blanket cover with three hour of snow , be sleep . study the darkness intently , TEXAS adjust he hand on he rifle , stiffen . do he hear something ? without take he eye off the darkness he kick bigelow awake . TEXAS ( a whisper ) I think there 's someone out there . bigelow search desperately for he lifesaver as he look into the darkness too . ten yard away it 's kluzewski be turn to sleep . he 's curl up in he blanket , also cover with snow . a grunt in the darkness ! violent ! urgent ! kluzewski stir slightly . a moan , like somebody have they throat slit and they be die quietly . kluzewski stir . unnnnnh . another groan . klusewski be eye open . silhouett in the gloom three foot away whipsnake be struggle desperately with a shadowy figure . a strangle grunt of effort and the scuffling of clothes on the rock surface be the only sound in the spooky moonlit darkness . pull he knife , kluzewski lunge and grab the german from behind . he 's just about to plunge he knife deep in the enemy soldier when he freeze mid-motion and stare in stunne disbelief ... the german soldier be helmet have fall off ... and the german soldier be angie dress in a Nazi uniform that 's too big for she . her face be smudge with dirt , she eye glaze with lust , she fatigue open , expose firm breast , one leg of she pants off as she frantically hump whipsnake while speak to the amaze kluzewski ... angie klu ...honey ... please , not now , I unnnh I unnnh I be gonna come ... do not ...please ...unnnnhh...unnnhh ... kluzewski recover and struggle to separate the two of they ... kluzewski Angie , you fuck bitch , that 's my partner . you be fuck my partner , you whore ... angie klu ... I could not find you ... I get hot pants , klu ... it be you I want ... a shocked whipsnake pull away , hastily buttone he pants as he look from one to the other of they , amaze and apologetic ... whipsnake Jesus , klu , she 's you wife ?... hey , I be sorry , I do not know she be you wife , I -- kluzewski who the fuck do you think she be , you stupid shit ? whipsnake I dunno . I be asleep , I be think about my ... girlfriend . all of a sudden I be get a blow job . my girlfriend never do that , she would not -- kluzewski ( turn on Angie , incredulous ) you give he a blow job ? angie klu , I tell you , I get hot pants , I want a man , I look for you , but I could not find -- whipsnake hey , klu , take it easy , do not be so hard on she , she 's no different than we , she get horny and ... kluzewski she get horny and she fuck anything that move . we do not get no woman , but she 's around man . how about it , ange , how many time you have the postman , huh ? angie once ! only one time , klu ... kluzewski ( leaping up ) you fucked the postman ! whipsnake klu , easy , buddy , there 's Nazis all over , keep it down . kluzewski ( bellow ) fuck the nazis ! did you hear what she say , you asshole ? she fucked the postman ! probably while the kide be watching ! be the kide watching , you B ...? kluzewski be turn to angie , but whipsnake grab he ... whipsnake goddamnit , klu , pull yourself together . kluzewski whip ! it's nazis ! fuckin ' nazis ! whipsnake turn and see what kluzewski be see ... four very blonde , very Aryan german soldier be loom in the moonlight . they cruel and youthful face smirk with self assurance as angie , naked now , kneel in front of the one name han and unzip he pants . han unholster he luger and put the muzzle close to angie' face , he finger on the trigger ... kluzewski no ! angie leer and take the barrel in she mouth , mouth it lasciviously , lick , suck , lick , as ban give kluzewski a smile and a wink . kluzewski suddenly realize another german , fritz , be kneel behind she , humping like a dog as she respond . kluzewski angie ! you goddamn slut ! angie but , honey , you just say " fuck the Nazis " ...oooooooh ...uuunnh ! whipsnake's voice ( o.s. ) ( urgent ) klu ! help I ! klu ! whipsnake's voice be very present and urgent , very real , unlike the dreamy event transpire in the moonlight . but kluzewski ignore whipsnake's repeated , desperate pleas as he lunge at the smirking nazis ... kluzewski dirty kraut bastard , i'll kill you , you pig ! whipsnake's voice ( o.s. ) ( strangle ) ughhhh . klu ! help ! angie look startle as kluzewski hurl fritz aside and grapples furiously with han . the sound of the violent struggle be very real ... rock / boulder rock have he weapon ready as he listen to cursing in the darkness and the sound of a struggle ... retread and goryl / boulder goryl be shaking himself awake , see retread crouch tensely , weapon ready ... goryl what ... retread ssshhh . I dunno . beef and pascalano / boulder peer nervously into the darkness , beef and pascalano listen to grunt and scuffling sound twenty yard away . TEXAS and bigelow / boulder TEXAS be listen to the scuffling , he rifle raise and ready as he peer into the darkness while , behind he , bigelow be mutter and shifting . TEXAS ( whisper ) what the fuck're you do ? bigelow can not find my lifesaver . sergeant rock / boulder rock swing the muzzle of he gun around urgently aim at a sound in the darkness . rock who be it ? voice Max schmel . rock ( relax ) Joe Louis . come in . moonlight illuminate whipsnake as he crawl around a boulder into view , he nose bloody , he fatigue soak with blood . his voice be tremble from exertion and fear ... whipsnake couple of kraut jump we , try to kill we quietly , slit we throat ... rock be kluzewski okay ? whipsnake ( nodd ) he kill both guy with he bare fuck hand . this guy be choke I , try to cut my throat , klu grab he , beat he head against a rock ... ( shake , he indicate he shirt ) th-these ... this be ... brain all over my shirt . a german guy 's brain ... rock pull yourself together and go back to you position . whipsnake I should tell the Lieutenant . I be look ... rock I will tell the Lieutenant , I will alert everyone , go back . whipsnake right . thanks , sarge . boulder / twenty yard away han ' remain eye stare sightlessly at the moon , he skull horribly crush . fritz be corpse next to he do not look much better . kluzewski be crouch close by , glaring into the darkness , pan he rifle , still fume under he breath ... kluzewski Fucking pervert ... suddenly a sound behind he cause kluzewski to whirl , point he rifle into the shadow beyond the boulder ... voice / darkness Max schmel . kluzewski Joe Fucking Lewis . that you , whip ? whipsnake crawl around the boulder . whipsnake I tell rock. ( then ... ) I see you be play with you rifle instead of you dick for a change . kluzewski fuck you . fifteen yard away retread stiffen , point he rifle into the moonlit shadow as goryl raise he weapon too ... retread spit it out . voice ( o.s. ) Max schmel . retread Joe Louis . retread lower the weapon and rock appear . rock they be try to commando we , take we in twos . I be gonna alert the man . boulder / another fifteen yard away TEXAS hear something and nudge bigelow as he point he rifle ... TEXAS you hear that ? bigelow listen , raise he own rifle . there 's a scuffling noise in the darkness , somebody move , then a voice mutter ... voice / darkness oh , fuck ! TEXAS whozzat ? spit it out . voice / darkness ow , goddamnit . bigelow izzat you , retread ? silence . then movement again . bigelow point he rifle , tremble . bigelow say it ! say " schmel , " you asshole ! TEXAS do a take , look at bigelow in amazement . voice / darkness fuck . bigelow say it ! voice / darkness schmel . bigelow relax and lower he rifle . bigelow Joe Louis . be that you , re...urrrgh ! the german soldier come around the boulder so fast he slit bigelow be throat before TEXAS can raise he rifle and fire . even as TEXAS aim , a second german get TEXAS from behind and slit hit throat . Three more german crawl into view as the first german crouch over bigelow , cupping a light match in one hand while he fish bigelow be dog tag from the blood at bigelow be neck and wipe it off . first german ( read ) biggle-oww . bigga-low . bigelow . fuck . second german fuck . fuck. fuck. the die light of the match the first german notice a half pack of lifesaver in the snow beside bigelow be body . pick they up he eat a couple and offer the rest to the second german . first german sussigkeiten . the second german accept the " sweet " and gulp they down . second german fuck . shit. boulder / ten yard away beef and pascalano be stare at the darkness alertly when someone hiss among the boulder ... voice / darkness ssssssst . both man point they rifle ... beef who go ? voice / darkness schmel , who 's that ? beef ( relax ) Joe Louis . that you , sarge ? rock scramble around the boulder . pascalano what happen , sarge , what 's go on ? goryl and retread / boulder retread look down into the pass where explosion blossom in the night like flower of fire . retread the kraut be blow up all that boulder , clear the pass . goryl helluvan outfit , that color guy . retread yeah , but the tank be gonna go through . they be heroes , but it do not mean anything . they be like the sergeant ... goryl why do you hate rock ? retread I do not hate he , he 's okay ... for a asshole . it 's just he style piss I off , he 's too much of a hero . goryl meaning he take risk ? retread for nothing . Soldiers do not win war . plane win , big gun win , ship . Soldiers be so much fodder . you think we want this pass ? if we want this pass , they woulda put in a armored outfit with air support , heavy artillery , long tom ... goryl sssssh ! goryl be raise he rifle , look into the darkness . retread follow suit and for a long moment both man be silent , listen . then ... voice / darkness fuck . goryl identify yourself . voice / darkness shit . goryl say the password or I shoot . voice / darkness schmel . fuck . retread frown suspicious as goryl lower he rifle . retread Joe Lewis . who be it ? voice / darkness bigelow . that do it . retread relax too and suddenly ... chatta chatta chatta ceatta chatta chatta ... the night be alive with muzzle flash and the furious stutter of automatic fire as man scream in the dark and the weapon pan burst after burst into the agony . sudden silence . clutch they rifle and stare stupidly into the night , goryl and retread see rock loom from behind a boulder , cradling the bar ... rock they get Texas and bigelow , I find they with they throat cut . goryl and retread stand up and see five german sprawle among the boulder , they blood stain the snow . one of they groan . goryl they ... they know the password . one of they say " bigelow . " crack ! rock squeeze off a single shot , silencing the groan man ... rock they will not use it anymore . better collect they potato masher , retread . I be gonna see to the wildman . I leave he alone . rock disappear , leave goryl still amaze and retread grimly consider the carnage . retread I say he be a asshole ... I do not say he be not a good soldier . ridge / outside farmhouse /moonlight walk the perimeter on watch , the three GIS be again share a cigarette and hide the glow in a helmet . below in the pass there 's a sudden lonely burst of automatic weapon fire , then silence . first GI what the fuck 's goin ' on down there ? second GI the kraut be take a long time to get through fifteen or twenty guy ... third GI I hear that easy outfit be tough , they be at kassarene , they get that big sergeant ... first GI the one with the medal ... second GI Baker 's down there too , color guy ... third GI color guy be not gonna fight like that , not when they be outnumber , color guy be quitter . first GI horseshit ! what about Joe Louis ? third GI hey , this be not a box match , this be a fuck war . I get nothing against negroes , but they be scareda gun . second GI I too . I be scareda gun . first GI yeah , now that you mention it ... first GI uh-oh . the first GI be see general cook emerge from the farmhouse in the moonlight , carry a pail . cook sign and countersign , soldier , you have to challenge everyone . first GI right , sir ... spit it out , General . cook Red grange . first GI number seventy - seven . they all watch as cook hurry past they with the pail and head over the ridge down into the wood . second GI where the hell be he go ? first GI must be gonna take a crap . third GI and bring it back in a bucket ? pritchard voice ( o.s. ) at ease ! the three GIS turn in horror to find pritchard loom behind they . first GI uh , sorry , sir , we , uh , do not see you ... pritchard where do the General go ? second GI ( point ) down there , sir . pritchard stick with he , all three of you . I will post a new watch . first GI uh , " stick with he , " sir ? pritchard protect you fuck pants . pritchard turn on he heel and head for the farmhouse as we ... CUT to cathedral hospital / night in the confusion of suffer and misery a gaunt look man with a heavily bandage head lie in a cot , listen to the doctor stand over he . doctor some confusion , even some memory loss , be normal with a concussion , General . you be very lucky that 's all you suffer under the circumstance . the man in the cot be general dugan . we recognize he voice ... dugan there be a Captain sloan with I . be he ... do he ...? doctor sloan be kill in the explosion , you be throw clear . apparently a shell hit a truck close to you ... dugan ( shake , remember ) a truck , yeah , I remember . cook . they be kill too ? doctor two be kill , one seriously injure , another be miss . listen , General , Colonel cronkite wonder if you be feel well enough to talk with he ...? cronkite push forward on cue , usurping the doctor be place . cronkite hullo , General . we be all glad you make it . dugan Hell of a thing about Captain sloan . and the other . sonofabitch ! I assume we have pull back , I assume you ... cronkite ( uncomfortable ) uh , not ... exactly , sir . the kraut seem to have , uh , launch a armored assault and , uh , we , uh , seem to be ... seem to be ... hold they , sir . dugan " holding they " ! with what ? how ? cronkite I can not explain it , sir . it 's all very confuse , we have lose radio contact with battalion hq . but we spotter plane report a dozen panzer tie up in the throat of the pass ... dugan a dozen panzer ! we gotta get the hell outta there , you can not fight panzer with a rear guard ... cronkite well , uh , General , before we lose communication with battalion , we relay a message from General cook to regimental request air and artillery support for -- dugan ( sit up ) General cook ! who the fuck be General cook ? cronkite look harass and worried as dugan glare at he indignantly and we ... CUT to painted word / rock face / dawn huge letter in white paint be smear on a rock face overlook the pass . they spell out loud and clear ... fuck hitler wood / dawn a head appear from behind a tree . it 's whipsnake stare in wide - eye wonder at the word on the rock . what the fuck , he can not believe it . shake he head , he look around furtively , then move cautiously off through the wood , apparently alone . boulder / slope / later rock and goryl be crouch among the boulder face whipsnake while retread keep watch behind they and wildman lie unconscious . goryl " fuck Hitler " ? whipsnake that 's what it say . huge letter . goryl look to rock who shrug . behind they retread speak up ... retread Baker maybe . they musta do it , that guy be crazy . goryl but no Germans ? whipsnake no , sir . do not see any an' I go about half a mile into the wood . goryl look to rock . rock Baker musta take the heat for we again . Seven guy on we , Baker get the rest . booooom ! another explosion in the pass . retread be watch the action below . retread that 's it , they get it clear . the other join retread peer down into the pass where they see the column of eight tank begin to wind through the debris of boulder in the pass , squeezing past the disabled tank still partially block the narrowest section . rock , goryl , and the other watch grimly , they face gaunt and weary , they eye dull with defeat . retread bastard . kluzewski we be officially behind enemy line now I guess . boooooom ! another explosion . rock frown . they be all look at the lead tank , suddenly cant at a angle , motionless . the column of tank behind grind to a abrupt halt . retread a mine ! they musta mine it . rrrrrrr . the lead tank engine grind as the wounded machine try to move out of the way , then ... ka-blam ! the whole tank shudder from a bazooka shell and smoke pour from tear armor . whipsnake ( incredulous ) they be there ! they be still fuck there ! rock be stare in disbelief as he watch the second tank move forward , turret turn , attack the bazooka position , fire . ka booooom ! the shell explode against the boulder . ka-blam ! the second tank take a bazooka hit in the turret that crumple armor and slam the gun aside , bent at a useless angle ... retread ( jubilant ) siiiiiiilk ! kluzewski ( awed ) that bastard . God damn ! rock be stunne , shake . he can not believe what he 's see .. goryl I guess we better move . Baker 's give we another chance . CUT to boulder / minute later kluzewski and whipsnake be carry wildman up the slope in a poncho while retread walk point and rock bring up the rear . rock glance back down at the pass . Far below he can see the tank stall in a line while tiny german footsoldiers slink among the boulder , try to get position . chatta chatta chatta . the sound of machinegun fire drift upward from the firefight . rock be turn back to the climb when something catch he eye to the north . five " bird " be clear the mountain to the north , tiny silhouettes in the dawn sky . for a moment rock stare as dawn sunlight suddenly gleam off a " bird 's " wing . then he give a sharp command ... rock plane ! let 's go for the wood , sir ! pilot' point of view / cockpit it 's a beautiful dawn see from the stuka cockpit as sun glitter off the snowy slope and the pilot watch the valley unfold before he while he radio crackle with urgent german voice . ahead and below he can see the narrow pass and the column of stall tank and a rock face feature " fuck hitler " in big white letter . responding to radio command , the pilot veer to the right and the sky pan by in a blur of blue as he separate from he companion and aim he nose at the rocky slope on the west wall of the pass . Far below he can see tiny german soldier wave and point up the slope . near the top of the slope he can just glimpse tiny figure , the easy soldier scramble up the slope and into the wood at the top . now he 's diving at the wood , he dive - activate siren come rapidly up to full scream as the wood loom larger in the windscreen and tiny figure disappear among the tree . now he wing - mount machinegun begin to chatter mercilessly ... in the wood rock be help haul wildman behind a tree as the stuka bear down on they . the thunder of the engine be deafen , bullet chew up tree . kluzewski hug the earth ... whipsnake press against a tree ... just as the sound reach unbearable volume it suddenly drop off as the stuka pull abruptly out of its dive and climb up again into the sky . rock peer out and spot the underweng load . rock stay down . he 's get bomb , he 's come back . fear . it show in they face as they crouch or lie in they position , wait . the stuka come scream down out of the sky again , cannon flash , machinegun natter . Wood chip fly as bullet tear into tree and the scream engine get louder and louder and louder and ... booooooom ! bah -doooooodom ! the wood shake with the thunder of the bomb , heat and fire fill the air . there 's a moment of quiet then , follow by kluzewski be shout of enthusiasm ... kluzewski miss we ! Dumb bastard miss we ! fuck you , kraut ! shake like a leaf , goryl watch the plane climb back into the sky . rock be look off into the pass beyond the fringe of wood . the other four stukas be wheeling in the sky like angry hornet , take turn diving at Baker 's position . kluzewski be watch too . suddenly he see a figure dart out from among the boulder in the pass and scamper toward a new position . kluzewski no! no ! no ! do not show yourself , idiot ! no ! rock , retread , and the other be all watch now , see a diving stuka adjust its dive , head right for the boulder where the figure disappear , machinegun fire . kluzewski he give away they position , he ... whump ! at the bottom of its dive the stuka suddenly shudder in the air , smoke pour from the fuselage . the plane struggle out of its dive , wobble along at low altitude billow smoke , then plunge into the rocky wall of the pass and explode . whipsnake no ! no , they could not ... retread ( jump up ) awright , silk ! yeah lightning ! yeah baker ! stuka bazooka ! crack ! retread be drop by a rifle shot . rock spin , spot movement , and open up with the bar . everybody 's cover up again ... bullet be fly . wriggle on he stomach , whipsnake be the first one to reach retread who 's thrashing around in agony in the bloody snow . retread aaaaaah ! aaaah , shit ! stay away from I , it 's nothin ' , goddamnit , a fuck scratch , what a dumb bastard , I be cheer for chrissake , I deserve it , aaaaahhhh ... stay the fuck away , stay away ... retread slap at whipsnake who 's crouching over he . whipsnake where you hit , retread ? wh ...? retread I dunno , it hurt , it 's okay , lee I alone , I be just wind , aaaah , it knock the w-wind ... wind outta I aaaaaah . crack ! crack ! kluzewski be fire at german soldier he can only glimpse among the tree fifty yard away . crack ! crack ! " invisible " german fire back . budda budda budda ! rock squeeze off a burst from the bar . whipsnake just lemme see where ... retread suddenly stiffen , he eye bulge sightlessly , he 's convulse and choke on he tongue . whipsnake try to hold the thrashing retread down and clear he tongue from he throat . goryl pause to watch retread thrashing and convulse for half a second before he move into position close to rock and point he rifle at the " invisible " german . retread stiffen mid convulsion , then sag limply in the snow , he eye open and blind . whipsnake no , goddamnit , hang on . whipsnake be try to get retread to breathe , but retread be go . sprawle beside rock behind a tree trunk , goryl be look for a good shot as he confer with rock ... goryl how many ? rock at least six . probably more . goryl we be pretty low on ammo . whipsnake wriggle close to they as a couple of shot whistle close by . whipsnake retread be dead . rock how about if I cover the rear , sir , while you and the man fall back ? goryl look at rock , but rock do not meet the look , he 's look down the sight , look for german ... goryl hesitates for a moment , then he make up he mind ... goryl okay , give we ten minute , then follow . rock reach in he pack and pull out a cigar , place it unlit between he tooth ... rock right , sir . rock mouthes the cigar and peer into the wood , look for a target , but the enemy be virtually invisible ... ten yard away goryl accept a handful of clip collect by beef . he 's turn to take they to rock when he see wildman . wildman be eye be unfocuss , he mouth open , he jaw slack , he skin grey and waxy . goryl feel wildman be wrist , search for a pulse . rock / behind a tree rock fire a short burst as a german scramble from one tree to another , advance . the german yell a pain oath , wounded . goryl creep close to rock and put the clip beside he ... goryl we gotcha another thirty round . rock thanks . goryl ( with difficulty ) sergeant ... we be not take wildman . rock give goryl a sharp look ... goryl he 's not gonna make it . rock be look back at the wood , aim . rock yes , sir . I know . goryl and , sergeant , do not even try to carry he , that 's a order . you be a soldier , not a hero . we will wait for you at -- rock do not wait , sir . I will not play hero , you do not play hero . if I do not catch up , it 's ' cause they get I . rock be not look at goryl , he 's fire into the wood . budda budda budda ... two german soldier dive for cover . for a moment goryl watch rock defend he position , then he move off ... goryl all right , sergeant , we be go . outside the farmhouse / day cook be face be pale and dead . he 's lie in the poncho the GIS bring he back in while pritchard stare down at the body in dismay and the GIS stand by . pritchard " fell " ? fell how ? the GIS exchange uneasy glance between answer ... first GI off a sorta cliff ... third GI we be painting this sign ... at least he be ... second GI we be help ... hold the paint and ... pritchard ( disbelief ) Painting ...a... sign ? first GI " fuck Hitler . " pritchard ( sharply ) what ? I beg you pardon ... second GI in big letter ... third GI huge letter ! pritchard General cook ... be painting " fuck Hitler " in enemy territory ...? first GI a cook , sir ... but not a General ... second GI his name be cumming ... third GI he be a cook with the thlrd infantry ... pritchard be jaw be sagging , he 's too stunne to speak . first GI he be conscious for a while after he fall ... second GI he tell we everything ... third GI they be on they way up here to give we a " hot , " he anna buncha cook in a four by four ... first GI booom ! german shell ... second GI kill he buddy ... third GI and turn over this jeep with a Captain and a General ... first GI he take this helmet ... a General 's helmet ... second GI he be pretty confuse , he say ... third GI " craze . " first GI he want we to win the war . second GI he say the , er , leadership be ... weak . third GI the part about he clothes be soak with gasoline be true ... pritchard be not listen anymore . he 's stare at cook / cumming ' body and shaking he head in horror ... pritchard a cook ! he order up six rifle company ! wood goryl be lead he weary ragtag group through the wood that rise above the steep wall of the pass . the man look exhaust , defeat , as they plod hurriedly through the snow , hearing far behind they the brief burst of gunfire indicate the continue battle between the Germans and rock . in the sky to they leave the four remain stukas snarl as they regroup and turn back to the north ... kluzewski outta ammo . there they go . whipsnake be listen to the patter of the bar far behind they . whipsnake rock shoulda back off by now . beef more plane . poor Baker . they all look and see six dread messerschmitt I 109 replace the stukas in the sky over the pass . goryl look grimly over he shoulder at they as he walk . the man keep plodd as the thunder of the plane grow louder . it seem as if there be nothing for they but defeat , defeat , and more defeat as they continue they ignominious retreat . then a I 109 rage over the wood , as if to pass over they . goryl okay , man , let 's take cover , let ... look up , goryl break off mid-sentence at the sight of a blur of silver above and the sudden bluster of angry cannon and machinegun . in half a second the I 109 be stream smoke , plummete into the slope , and explode like a bomb . the swoop blur of silver bank hard and climb back up , a Republic p - 47 thunderbolt look for prey , Donald duck in paint glaring from the silver fuselage . the stunne man of easy stare at the sky where four more thunderbolt be take on the I 109 in a fury of speed and gunfire . kluzewski fall to he knee as if in church as another I 109 tumble out of the sky , smoking . tear flow unabashedly down whipsnake be dirty unshaven cheek as he sing to himself , privately , in a low voice , out of tune ... whipsnake ( to himself , a song ) oh , beautiful , for spacious sky , for amber wave of grain ... another I 109 explode in mid-air as a thunderbolt rake it mercilessly with machinegun fire ... they rule the sky , the thunderbolt , take no prisoner , deal out swift sure death to the outclass I 109 . beef be hugging goryl , kluzewski be cheer ! whipsnake ( continue , very low ) for purple mountain ' majesty above the fruite plain ... woods/a mile away crack ! crack ! crack ! rifle fire . rock be in trouble , run low through tree , head for cover behind a modest formation of boulder in the middle of the wood . Spang , spang , spang ! bullet splinter off the boulder as he dive for cover . hastily he raise the bar and run off a burst at he pursuer . budda budda budda ... several german soldier dive for cover on the ground . the magazine be empty , no more ammo ! rock push the bar aside , and unsling a m - 1 . crack ! spang ! crack ! spang ! bullet ricochet close to he head , somebody fire from the side . they have almost get rock surround . crack ! crack ! rock return the fire at just a glimpse of uniform fifty yard away . crack ! a shot from the other side . they be flanking he , almost but not quite surround he . this be bad . they already know where he be , so he relight the stub of cigar clench between he tooth and scan the wood carefully for a target . he hear a german voice ... german voice / wood ( german , subtitle ) han ! I think it 's only one man . alone ! suddenly a german soldier rear up only twenty yard away , arm cocked , grenade in hand ... crack ! rock pan and fire without hesitation ... the german soldier go down before he can throw the grenade ... german voice / wood ( german , subtitle ) Peter ! throw it ! too late ! the grenade go off un - throw . boooom ! crack ! crack ! crack ! two german pop up and sprint low between tree and rock squeeze off three shot . a silence engulf the wood then . rock , sweat , load he last clip . to he right , movement , a blur of uniform among the tree . crack ! crack ! crack ! he fire , send one man sprawling . bang ! bang ! bang ! a german soldier jump up , fire only twenty yard away , bullet whiz at rock , rock swing the rifle , crack ! crack ! the german soldier stagger forward , dead , ten yard on the other side of the boulder . rock glance at he shoulder where a bullet have tear he uniform and he flesh . he 's go to bandage it , but sudden movement again on the right ... crack ! crack ! rock fire twice , and a blur of uniform disappear among the tree . rock be clip be empty , no more ammo . he hastily inspect he wound and relight he cigar . the wood be suddenly very quiet . a voice snarl from somewhere straight ahead , disturbingly close but unseen , speak in heavily accented English ... german voice / wood ( in accented English ) you ! asshole ! you hear I , nigger Jew ? Dead ! cut you ball off ! rock be relighting he cigar , he eye busy surveying the wood , as he respond in a cheery burst of german ... rock ( german , subtitle ) han ! you mother 's here ! you darling mother ! great tit ! what a woman ! angle on two german outside of rock be line of vision , two german soldier be flanking rock , almost behind he . they can not see he , but they can hear he voice ... and they can see a curl of smoke from he cigar coiling above the boulder he 's crouch behind . rock's voice ( o.s. ) ( continue ) shit , han ! you mother 's take off she pants . what a ass ! you must love she a lot ! the two german soldier continue they stealthy approach as a german voice respond to rock , this time in german ... german voice ( o.s ) ( german , subtitle ) hey , american , you get a good accent . why do not you surrender ? huh ? we will treat you good . very nice . asshole ! the two german soldier do not give rock a chance to reply . they be only six foot from the boulder where he 's hide , they can smell the smoke curling from he cigar , they charge forward , fire point blank ... ratta tatta tatta , crack , crack , ratta tatta ... the german soldier stop fire abruptly when they see what they be shoot at . rock be pack be there on the ground , they have shot the shit out of it , but rock be not there ! though he cigar butt be smolder in a crease in the boulder . and just then ... plop ! a grenade land right at they foot . both german soldier stare at it in horror for a quarter second ... then they dive aside , flat on they belly , cover they face ... behind a tree / five yard away rock be press against a tree , wait for the grenade to go off ... but nothing happen . puzzle , rock peer out from behind the tree . he see the grenade lie there ... and freidrich and horst lie on they face . rock be rueful look say it 's a dud . now what ? a voice call in german from the wood . german voice ( o.s. ) ( german , subtitle ) horst ! freidrich ! do you get the fucker ? angle on freidrich and horst freidrich look up , peek at the grenade . it just lie there . freidrich ( in german ) a dud ! he 's scramble to he foot , grab he rifle . so be horst ... when suddenly rock lunge from behind the tree , knife in hand ... rock boooooooom ! sinking he knife deep into the astonished freidrich be rib cage , he shove he back into horst who 's try to raise he rifle . freidrich go down , cough blood , do for , and horst stumble backward , try to raise he rifle only to find himself wrestle with the powerful rock . but horst be no slouch . a big , muscular man himself , he manage to club rock in the face with a rifle butt . wood / other side of boulder a german sergeant be cautiously lead the remain two german soldier toward the boulder . he call out ... german sergeant horst ? horst' voice ( o.s. ) ( german , subtitle ) help ! the german sergeant and the two soldier respond to the strangle cry , rush toward the boulder , gun ready ... behind the boulder come around the boulder , weapon raise , the german sergeant and the two soldier find freidrich sit down bleed to death . Fifteen yard away horst and rock be staggering among the tree , grapple furiously , slamm against trunk , engage in a awkward life or death struggle . what the german sergeant and the two soldier do not see be the dud grenade lie on the ground , almost at they foot . ba-whoooooooooom ! just as the german sergeant's step place he within a foot of the grenade all three of they be ravage with shrapnel ... wood / thirty yard away bloody and tear , rock and horst be struggle to the death and it 's not pretty , it 's not Hollywood punch , it 's bite , kick , knee , but , and bite some more , roll in the snow , battle to they foot , careen into tree trunk ... rock drive horst back into a tree , horst knee rock in the groin , they roll on the ground , lock in a embrace while horst sink he tooth deeply into rock be cheek and blood flow . Rolling , they come to a stone protrude from the ground and it 's there that rock , with a supreme effort , manage to smash horst be head against the stone until horst suddenly go limp and he eye roll back in he head . for a second all rock can do be suck air into he lung . then he collapse , roll off horst be body into the snow until he cheek rest against ... a combat boot ! for a second rock just stare at the leather of the boot close -up . then he slowly look up the boot to the leg and follow the leg upward with he eye . loom over he be a tough look , battle - scar american sergeant , six - four , muscular ... and black as coal . the big man reach a huge black hand down to rock ... steele steele . Baker company . rock take the hand and let the big man hoist he to he foot . rock rock. easy . steele ( impressed ) you all alone , rock ? rock rear guard . there 's kraut all over , they ... rock be look around with alarm , but steele interrupt he , produce bandage ... steele not no more , rock . there 's dead body all over the damn wood ! you leave a helluva trail , Hitler gonna be mad with you , I swear ! you really raise some hell . steele keep talk as he bandage the numerous tear in rock be flesh , he huge black hand very gentle in contradiction to he brutal appearance ... steele ( continue ) when I come up on you , it be just you and he ... ( indicate horst 's body ) ... and I say to myself , " Big Willie , if you interfere now , you a ' that white sergeant gonna have yourselves a prisoner . " a ' then I ax myself , " do you a ' that white sergeant really want a prisoner ? " a ' I see you handle yourself with a certain determination , not unlike myself , a I say to myself again , " I believe that white sergeant gonna prevail over that kraut bastard , " so I do not interfere ... rock we see you and you man down in the pass ... steele ( bandage , pleased ) yeah , we do some good soldier - work ourselves , do not we ... for a buncha country color boy . we be a negro outfit . bandage now , rock consider the proud steele's coal black face ... rock that 's not a italian suntan , then ? steele ha ha , where you from , rock ? rock be head back toward the boulder and he pack . rock akron , Ohio . where be you man ? steele ( walk with he ) akron , mmmmm . think I recognize the accent . my man be thin out some , like yours . what 's leave of them fall back , just like yours . it 's juss you a ' I , the rear guard . think we oughtta attack or what , heh heh ? steele glance up where p - 47 snarl overhead , ruling the sky . rock's pack / moment later rock consider he pack lie on the ground near the german corpse . it 's shot full of hole from freidrich and horst be attack . he lift it gingerly and open it while steele go over the corpse . steele I love this german binocular . Zeiss . I juss keep upgrade my collection . rock be reach in the pack and find he bullet riddled box of cigar . steele kinda like the luger too . ( pockete one ) they say if you surrender an' the kraut find a luger on you , they torture you and kill you . open the box rock find a dismal collection of mutilate cigar and loose tobacco . rock not plan on surrender , huh ? steele ( suddenly serious ) the black man do not surrender , sergeant . the kraut figure all man of color get luger . they ... cut up ... summa my man a couple day ago . for a moment they eye meet and nothing be say . then rock speak soberly ... rock I get a man back there half a mile . I gotta get he tag . steele I will walk witcha . wood / second later walk back through the wood , steele keep a wary eye on the wood while rock continue to fish in the cigar box . he finally find a cigar and shove it in he mouth , light it . rock wanna cigar ? steele yeah . you get a extra ? rock reach in the box and fish out one more intact cigar , hand it to steele who hesitates ... steele I would not take a man 's last smoke . rock plenty more . rock close the box on nothing but loose tobacco , no more cigar . as steele light he cigar , they walk past german soldier sprawle in the bloody snow and slump against tree . rock be scan the wood for landmark . rock over there . rock point as we ... CUT to wildman / second later propped against a tree , wildman grin weakly from a ghostly pale face ... wildman hiya , sarge . gonna save my ass again ? rock be stare at wildman . he do not expect this . neither do steele ... steele think you say he be ... rock guess I be premature . wildman Dead ? you think I be dead ? I too . rock see something in the snow close to wildman . reaching down , he pick up one of the two empty bottle and consider it . it 's a plasma bottle . wildman ( continue , weakly ) I wake up , I dunno where I be , hurt like hell , all I see be this red - haire guy over I , do not know if he be a nazzey throat cutter or a angel of the Lord in heaven . then I see he 's shoot blood in I ... rock ( sharply ) Red hair ? wildman he be a goddamn medic . he give I medicine , say , " hang on , soldier , you doan wanna die , think about you girlfriend . " say he can not carry I himself , but somebody will come for I , and off he go , disappear . rock be stare at a double set of footprint in the snow , come and go . he follow the footprint with he eye , see they disappear into the ominous wood ... in the direction of battle . whatever the redhead 's do , he be not retreate ! rock ( turn back to wildman ) well , I guess you think about you girlfriend , huh ? wildman I be savin ' myself for she . I guess I be gonna ride that bus again , the one with no spring ...? rock glance at steele who shrug glumly as we ... CUT to ridge / outside farmhouse there 's a air of confusion as truckload of fresh troops arrive and unload , create a chaotic atmosphere . Big gun be be pull into position , sargeant be assemble the replacement . frightened eye , young face , clean uniform ... frown , pritchard hurry through the turmoil and enter the farmhouse ... inside the farmhouse loung on the floor and slump up against the wall of the farmhouse , the weary man of easy look up as as pritchard enter . pritchard at ease , man . uh , there 's some bad news and I want ... goryl ( alarmed ) rock ? the sergeant ? pritchard no , no , we have not locate sergeant rock , nothing like that . it 's just a little ... problem . I know I promise you man the next truck out ... you certainly deserve it ... but there be a little snafu and somebody let a bunch of color fellow from Baker , negroes , into the truck ... impassive face of easy stare uncomprehendingly at pritchard who go rattling on ... pritchard I could kick they out ... but I kind of hate to do that , they fight like hell and they be as beat up as you . I mean , there 's room in the truck , but you guy would probably rather wait for the next one ... the man of easy look at each other as though pritchard have just finish a speech in Greek or classical Latin as we ... CUT to inside a four by four / moment later eight bone weary black soldier be sprawle in the rear of the 4x4 troop carrier as the man from easy start to climb in . TIGER cole , a tough look corporal from Baker , be quick to spot goryl and he snap at lightning mullins loung on the right hand bench . TIGER lightn ! Officer on board , move you ass . goryl at ease , man . goryl scramble in . the black man be all move to the leave bench , bunching up , face the man from easy who be take place on the opposite bench face they . there 's a awkwardness , everybody 's exhaust , weary nod be exchange . the black soldier be as bandage , as gaunt , as unshaven , as young , and as tired as the man from easy , they uniform filthy and tear . lightning say , Lieutenant , you do not see no great big staff sergeant walkin ' round out there , didja ? goryl and all the man from easy look up sharply at lightning ... lightning color man ? sorta lame ? goryl no , I be afraid not . TIGER speak softly to lightning , reassure he as the truck lurch forward ... TIGER he be along . ai not no nazzy gonna hurt Big Willie , he indestructible . the truck be bounce along now and the two row of soldier face each other uncomfortably , a certain tension in the air between they . beef suddenly break the silence with a voice full of outrage .... beef hey , Lieutenant ... the atmosphere be electric as goryl turn to beef and everybody follow the look to see what put the edge in beef be voice . they see beef glaring indignantly at the brown skinned negro directly across from he who wear a bandage over he leave eye ( so do beef ) and a sling on he right arm ( so do beef ) . goryl ( uneasy ) what 's up , beef ? beef ( point ) this guy 's get my wound ! everybody look . TIGER break the amaze silence ... TIGER aaaaw shit , silk ! you get the man 's wound . silk consider he wounded arm soberly . silk think it be mine , it hurt like hell ! beef that 's it ! that 's the one , " hurt like hell , " that prove it 's mine ! silk well , shit , I be not gonna argue with you , I be not that partial to it anyhow , you could have it . now beef shake he head , suddenly shifting gear ... beef well , what the hell , we be all fightin ' the same war , we get a common enemy . I be not gonna be a asshole about it even if it be mine . I be gonna share it with you . silk ( ruefully ) well , I sure do appreciate the generosity . grin and low chuckle . the ice be break , the atmosphere be relaxed now as the truck bounce along the road . another black soldier , collin , speak up now ... collin say , anybody here know if we win or lose this war ? outside the farmhouse american gun be thunder from the ridge , hurl shell into the wood to the north as general dugan , colonel cronkite , and major pritchard face a semicircle of war correspondent and photographer from life and look , all wear fatigue and helmet ... dugan you will hear a lot from the Germans about " will " and ( pardon my french ) all that kind of shit . well , lemme tell you fella something about " will . " the Germans counterattack down there , they overwhelm we boy , outnumber them , outgun them , cost they seventy , eighty per cent casualty . they open the pass and start march through with a armored column , a couple of rifle company , air support , heavy artillery barrage , and there be not anything we could do about it . all we fire power at that time be commit east of here , we be spread too thin to hold the pass . but Major pritchard here and he very brave man decide they be gonna hold anyway and they be gonna test they will against some nazzey steel . ( a beat ) and you do not see any nazzy on this side of the pass , do you ? flashbulb pop as pritchard beam modestly and we ... CUT to wooded slope / the pass as they make they weary way along the slope , carry wildman between they in a poncho , steele and rock soberly consider the pass far below where scorched and blacken panzer , immobile and still smoking , attest to the fury of american air power . steele shake he head at the sight . steele daaaaamn ! we fight a ' fight , day a ' night , couple week right on the line ... an' we doan do half the damage they flyboy do in five minute . rock yeah , that 's how it be in love and war . steele ai not it true . but I will say , when I come over here to sunny Italy a ' I see that nazzy , I about shit in my pants . I say to myself , " Big Willie , you gonna get kill bad . that nazzy be soldier , they raise to kill , they be fight machine ! you boy be not nothin ' but farm boy and grocery clerk , you be not but a damn truckdriver you ownself . " probably the same with you , huh , rock ? what you do ? rock ironworker . steele a ' you boy be postmen a ' cabdriver a ' delivery boy a ' plumber a ' carpenter . rock the wildman here 's a piano teacher . steele a piano teacher ! well , that 's what I mean , I figure that nazzy be real soldier , I figure they be gonna fight real good ... and I be not wrong , be I ? rock nope . steele what I do not know then be how good a buncha farm boy a ' ironworker a ' such could fight . rock be not listen . he 's see something on the next ridge where smoke be blow from a big gun . silhouett in the smoke be a lone figure head north into enemy territory , he torso drape with plasma bottle , a red cross on he arm . his helmet be cocked back on he head and backlight shine through the shock of red hair spilling onto he forehead . almost immediately he 's lose in the smoke . rock keep move forward without take he eye off the spot where o'hara disappear as steele continue ... steele I mean , if I be a nazzey a ' I hadda go up against my man or you man , I would be scared , you know ? rock yeah . rock be attention be on the ridge . the smoke clear ... but o'hara be go . booooom ! the big gun thunder again , belching smoke , hurl furious steel north at the german position . steele you think we gonna win it , rock ? begin close credit