shadow 19 jon spaiht 917-855-5421 June 30 draft ( rough ) jon@spaihts.com fade in : ext . saturn orbit - far future saturn swim against the star , its ring slice the night . dione , a pale moon , loom in the foreground . super : dione , moon of saturn a battleship cross the moon 's disk . on its hull : the name highline - and the symbol of a red hawk . int . battleship highline ( in flight ) captain conrad vance of the offworld Marine Corps prepare for combat . he be a rugge man of 40 , calm and focus . in he massive armore space suit he look superhuman : a half - ton war machine . his rifle be big as a cannon . technician swarm around he , check system . nearby , more technician tend to eleven other marine : elite soldier in they late 20 and early 30 . vance be first on he foot . he step free of he prep station and walk the line , inspect he man . Motors hum as he walk . his footfalls shake the deck . one of vance 's man catch he eye - mox , a seasoned soldier . mox what do you think , cap ? vance shrug - a massive movement of armored shoulder . vance the ammo load be armor-piercing , so whatever we be fight , it 's big . voice ( 0.s. ) that 's right . silence in the room . the Marines turn to the man who stand on a raise deck above they : they commander , colonel coburn . coburn wear a ordinary uniform and a headset . he frown in concentration , listen and talk at once . coburn the hegemony have heavy tank advance on the dione colony . vance the colony have anti-ship gun . how do they land tank ? coburn they drop them week ago on the far side of the moon . they crawle all the way around , right under the radar . mox what crawle all the way around ? coburn four D - class tank . and a mystery target . something bigger . vance bigger than a d-class ? coburn something new . target 's designate '' colossus '' . we have get destroyer inbound , but they be six hour away . right now you be all we have . the Marines become grim . this be a desperate action . coburn ( cont 'd ) six thousand people live and work in the dalton mining colony . maybe they 'il be rotting in prison ship tonight . maybe they will be free . you decide it now . lock in . the Marines step into metal drop capsule . the capsule close and sink into they launch tube . ext . dione the dione colony , a industrial city , sit roote to the rock . the red hawk symbol be paint on its wall . around the city , the mine lie silent : digging machine abandon in they trenches . missile swarm over the horizon toward the colony . the colony 's gun blast some from the sky . other missile detonate against the city wall . a digging machine explode in a weird airless fireball . smoke clear . across the valley , four d-class tank climb over the ridgeline . they be three storey high , paint with the blue interlock circle of the hegemony . the colony go turtle : withdraw its tower , it close up and hunker down against the rock . ext . battleship highline ( in orbit ) the battleship 's gun begin to fire in a cycle of terrible violence : pound at they target on the moon below . twelve drop-capsule launch . rocket toward the surface of dione . ext . dione - dalton colony battlefield the battleship 's bombardment hammer the tank . near - miss and hit . they armor be damage but withstand the assault . the tank launch flare and interceptor missile . a drop -capsule rocket down and shatter , revealing vance in full armor . he vault from the impact crater - as a missile explode where he just land . other drop capsule hurtle down , other marine emerge . they take cover in rocky terrain chaotic with explosion . athena 's voice all troops down safe . vance Marines ! give I a battle line , twenty meter space . Athena . tactical . the electronic voice of he armor 's battle computer answer he - feminine , calming . athena 's voice tactical . vance 's visor light up , painting the terrain around he with data : enemy , friendly , range and velocity . each Marine be tag in vance 's display with he name and status . vance watch he man move into a battle line . athena 's voice four d- class tank income . target '' colossus '' out of range . the four tank loom closer . behind they , vance 's visor display indicate the colossus , hide behind the ridge . vance Advance on I . Fire as you go . vance move toward the d-class tank at a run through the break terrain . the other Marines join in second later , they rifle blaze . athena 's voice incoming fire . from the tank , energy beam flash toward the Marines . vance cartwheel off the ground , jump - jets flaring from he boot . he arc through space , fire all the while . behind he Marines take evasive action on they jet . vance we be not breach the armor . let 's get close and do some demolition . athena 's voice fatality . sergeant holder . vance charge a tank . enemy fire rake the ground around he . int . battleship highline - command cockpit ( in orbit ) onscreen , Colonel coburn watch the battle unfold below . a fatality marker throbs where sergeant holder fall . the eleven remain Marines charge toward the enemy . ext . dione - battlefield vance reach a tank : get in under its gun and keep go , right between its gnash tread and under its armored body . from a pod on he thigh he pull a series of powerful mine . plant they on the belly of the tank . vance Athena . detonate on my mark . on the underside of the tank , belly hatches open . armed troopers drop out . they gunfire ricochet off he armor . vance hurl a mine into a open hatch . fire he jump -jet . cannonballs through the trooper into the clear . vance now ! behind he the tank explode spectacularly . vance scan the battlefield - two of the D - class tank burn furiously . Marines concentrate fire on the other two . athena 's voice fatality . Lieutenant carver . vance look up , and gape in awe . the colossus climb over the ridge : a tank twice as big as the d- class machine . a fortress on the move . vance I see the colossus . it 's a monster . coburn ( v.o. ) we be hit it now . a barrage of shell from the orbit battleship . explosion march across the lunar surface and pound the colossus . when the smoke clear , the colossus be batter but intact : still come . its mammoth gun rise to point toward the star . vance head up , Command ! colossus be return fire ... a thunderous concussion shake the ground . flame leap as the tank 's heavy gun all fire at once . ext . battleship highline ( in orbit ) gunfire from the colossus far below tear into the battleship , trigger a chain of explosion . int . battleship highline - command cockpit Colonel coburn , shake badly , watch damage report stream in from the battleship 's burn section . coburn Marines . we be hit . highline be disengaging . ext . battleship highline ( in orbit ) the battleship veer away from dione . ext . dione - dalton colony battlefield all four of the d- class tank be burn hulk . Marines emerge from the smoking wreckage to advance on the colossus . vance watch in horror as the mighty gun of the colossus lower to engage in the surface battle . vance rapid advance ! move ! move ! the battle line break into a run : the Marines sprint toward the colossus , rifle flash ... the heavy gun of the colossus open fire . the Marines take evasive action - but one by one soldier be blasted into oblivion . athena 's voice fatality . sergeant markhart . fatality . sergeant chan. Casualty . Lieutenant drake . vance roar in rage . vance cover ! take cover ! the Marines dive for shelter as the gun shake the earth . vance ( under he breath ) too many . too many . he stare at the colossus , scan the giant war machine with telescopic vision . his gaze settles on the anti-personnel gun turret that protrude like steel barrel from the tank 's hull . vance mcgrath ! get to drake . run a mo - check . everybody else , fire from cover on my order . target the sensor . eye and ear . I want that monster blind . ready ... ( gather himself , poise to sprint ) Fire ! vance explode from cover , racing toward the colossus . around he , the Marines blast away at the colossus 's sensor with precision rifle fire . vance be half run and half fly , he jump -jet blaze . the colossus pound the battlefield with haphazard firepower , but vance weave and leap and the gunfire do not touch he . he get in past the gun . leap onto the colossus . cling magnetically beside a gun turret . a plasma torch extend from he forearm . he aim at the seam where the turret meet the hull and light up . blind light from the contact point . his visor darken . White - hot liquid metal gout down the side of the tank . he plant he foot , wrap he arm around the gun and heave . the motor of he battle- suit whine . athena 's voice warning . critical strain . vance ( through clench tooth ) override ! with a screech , the entire turret tear out of the tank . a gunner spin to the rock below . a blast of escape air . vance swing into the hole . int . colossus vance bull down a passageway . he barely fit . the shoulder of he armored suit scrape the wall . his visor 's head - up display stream with data as athena map the inside of the tank . vance hold you fire . I be inside the colossus . marine ( v.o. ) Inside ?! a tank crewman rake vance with bullet that bounce off he armor . vance blow he away with a single shot . vance reach a ladder - well lead upward . he start up - and he shoulder clang against the well rim . he do not fit . vance heave . the ladder rung bend under he hand . with a shriek of metal , the wall of the ladder - well give way . colossus - bridge the command crew do damage control : driver wrestle with control ... gunnery officer search for target . they wear light vacuum suit . behind they , the ladder - well emerge from the deck plate . a roar . the bridge be shake by a unseen force . vance blast out of the ladder - well on he jet , smashes into the ceiling . land on he foot in a shower of scrap metal . the deck crew spin in alarm . two crewmen pull pistol and fire . bullet ricochet wildly . vance 's rifle come up . ext . colossal tank a explosion blow out the colossus 's command bridge . jet of flame billow into space . the colossus go dark . churn to a stop . a hailstorm of shrapnel pelt the battlefield . vance land on he foot in the dust - armor dark with soot . int . battleship highline ( on dione ) the Marines gather again in they ready room . they be transformed : armor pitte and blacken , face smear with sweat and blood . only seven man remain . technician lift they helmet off , open up they armor . two man be wounded : medic rush to help they . the Marines gather around vance , slap he shoulder in grim celebration : they be mindful of they loss . marine # 1 this be all you , cap . vance this be the fight two - ten , best platoon in the Corps . marine # 2 but the big kill be yours . vance the kill belong to the man we lose . when we get inside the colony , we drink to they . coburn ( 0.s. ) we will not be see the inside of dione colony . the man turn . coburn stand above they on he command deck . coburn we lift as soon as we casualty be aboard . the Marines murmur in protest . vance back to Mars already ? coburn Earth . special order . sudden silence . marine # 3 what 's it about , sir ? coburn I do not know . Captain vance have be call home . we be just along for the ride . the man 's eye turn to vance in surprise . coburn ( to all the man ) I wish I could grant you some shore leave . you have earn it . but I have order . ( point at vance ) you . in my stateroom . int . battleship highline ( in flight ) - coburn 's stateroom a luxurious cabin by spacefaring standard but still cramped . Colonel coburn sit read a electronic slate . the engine rumble . saturn 's ring slide past the porthole . vance enter in regular uniform , hair damp . he look wary . 10 . coburn vance , you have do more combat tour than any man in the division . I have do all I can to keep you where you want to be . but it look like I be lose you . ( read slate ) '' Transport Captain conrad vance to Earth asap . run silent . avoid hazard of combat . vance to report on arrival to the State Science Agency for special duty . '' vance look stunne . this make no sense to he . vance the ssa ? coburn what it say . a battleship divert to take one man home ! vance what do the Science Agency want with a Marine ? do they run combat op ? coburn who know what they do ? but the Secretary of Defense sign the order himself . it 's for real . vance I be a soldier , not a lab rat . I would like to protest the order . coburn not under radio silence . two week to Earth . nothing to do ' till then but rest up . you order . ( he hand vance the slate ) maybe it 's time you get out of the field . you ought to have my job by now . Hell , you ought to be senior to I . how long can you keep refuse promotion ? vance I do not know . I will stay in armor as long as they let I . ( he laugh ) maybe that 's what the Science guy want . to have my head examine . 11 . int . battleship highline - barracks - night vance and the other Marines lie in they bunk watch video on electronic slate as light as magazine . one soldier doze off in front of a news broadcast : news announcer # 1 the ally States and the hegemony break off arm -control talk after week of deadlock . stockpile of fusion and gravity weapon continue to grow . another soldier munch bright blue chip from a bag and watch a different channel : news announcer # 2 price rise again as the population outgrew the food supply for the sixth year run ... and a third soldier watch a video letter from home . marine's wife ... somebody tapped into the baxter ' water pipe ! at this price I guess you can not be surprised . but imagine , steal water ! vance watch a broadcast with particular interest : news announcer # 3 +..- more than half of the federal budget be now classified . despite popular outcry against this secret spend , the so-called " black fund " continue to grow . five bunk be empty . fold flag commemorate the dead . ext . battleship highline ( in flight ) - earth approach the scar battleship pass a ally States defensive space station : a huge manned satellite bristle with gun . the satellite scan the battleship with a laser beam as it pass . Earth shine below , half in light and half in shadow . on the planet 's night side , city shine in the darkness : far larger than today 's city , and connect by artery of light . 12 . the battleship descend toward the eastern seaboard of North America - where dawn be fast approach . ext . new WASHINGTON spaceport ( earth ) - morning a vast landing ground surround the spaceport terminal . military spacecraft lie at harbor . the distant tower of New Washington shine in the sunrise . the battleship highline settles into a landing bay . a gangway tube extend from the spaceport to the battleship . int . gangway vance debark alone , in dress uniform : he chest crowded with medal . walk the long transparent tube toward the terminal . his man watch he go , dress in common fatigue . spaceport terminal vance emerge from the gangway into a busy concourse . a officer in a military uniform stand wait : JOHN randall , 50 , a good - nature bear of a man with a barrel chest and a crew cut . officer Captain vance . ( they exchange salute , shake hand ) Major John randall . Department of Defense . welcome home . spaceport concourse vance and randall walk together . randall it 's a honor to meet you , Captain . I know what you do on dione . he shake he head , speechless . vance nod he thanks . randall I be here to make the handoff to you new command . vance who 's my c.o. now ? 13. randall 's forehead wrinkle in perplexity . randall the lawyer be look at that . the whole arrangement 's unusual . technically , it look like you c.0o. be jarod marbeck . director of the State Science Agency . vance ( amaze ) the director of the ssa . and what do he want with I ? randall ( shrugging ) Secretary of Defense sign you order . he do not tell I why . vance speak of the devil . he nod over randall 's shoulder at ... a public media terminal the news . a pretty anchorwoman speak . in a inset image , the secretary of defense give a press conference . anchorwoman ( onscreen ) Secretary of Defense gideon dain today announce the end of hostility over the dalton colony on dione . the image cut to the press conference . defense secretary gideon dain speak : a chisele man with salt - and - pepper hair and the brick -solid build of a career soldier . secretary dain ( onscreen ) today the hegemony surrender its claim to we mining colony on dione , after last month 's defensive action by the offworld Marines . vance grin in satisfaction . secretary dain ( onscreen ) the action be exemplary . we loss , acceptable ... vance 's smile fade . 14 . secretary dain ( onscreen ) ... and the dalton colonist remain free people . the news cut to a piece on overpopulation . randall nobody mind lose some soldier , as long we win . I be in the offworld Corps myself . seventeenth division , mercury terminator . ( randall hike up he trouser leg . his right leg be a high - tech prosthetic . ) then I tangle with a neutron gun and land I a desk job . vance give the artificial leg a expert glance . vance that 's a good leg . I have friend with that leg . security barrier vance and randall exit the spaceport 's secure zone through a hum gauntlet of sensor and scan beam . Beyond the barrier , a scientist wait : vance 's age , athletically build . he wear a long black coat , style like a lab coat , and a black skullcap . his face show no feel . randall you must be ... scientist rune banneker , scientist . vance ( extend a hand ) Captain conrad vance . banneker ( ignore the hand ) yes . come with I . banneker turn to leave . randall scowl in indignation . randall that 's a war hero you be talk to . you take care of we man . banneker reply with a supercilious smile . 15 . banneker he 's we man now . the scientist stride off . vance shoot a troubled look at randall , and hurry after the scientist . int . limousine ( in flight ) - day vance and banneker soar into New Washington . they be alone : the limousine pilot itself . New Washington be shine and beautiful : a architectural homage to the 20th - century american city . everywhere , sign of militarization : Soldiers on street corner . propaganda poster . on billboard , military style be evident in civilian fashion . the red hawk banner of the ally States fly from every building . vance I have not be here in year . it 's beautiful . banneker City population be forty - six million . growth rate be five percent plus a year . it 's unsustainable . vance stare at banneker in distaste . vance I have be off - world for two year . it 's beautiful . the limousine settles in front of a impose classical skyscraper : the headquarters of the State Science Agency . int . state science agency - day the cavernous lobby bustles with people . they wear stylize lab coat in white , gray , or black . the youngest wear white coat , the oldest black . heavily armed Agency Guards stand post at every door . banneker stride through the vast front door , vance in tow . banneker welcome to the State Science Agency . vance look like he 's just step through the look glass . 16 . banneker head for a distant bank of elevator . as they approach , he stare at a elevator : it open . elevator the door close . vance and banneker be alone . banneker gaze intently at the elevator 's control panel . light flash to life , and the elevator descend . the floor indicator reach the lowest basement level - but the elevator keep sinking . vance we be still descend . banneker yes . vance stare . banneker ignore he . the elevator plummet deep underground . after a endless time the elevator sigh to a halt . the door do not open . banneker hand vance a electronic slate . banneker before enter this facility , you must sign this writ of secrecy . frown , vance scroll through the dense legalese . vance " penalties for violation of secrecy may include revocation of citizenship , imprisonment , or execution . " execution ? banneker you can easily avoid the penalty by obey the writ . the man stare at each other . finally vance press he thumbprint in the signature box . banneker take the slate . the elevator door open . int . underground complex vance and banneker emerge into a bright vestibule . a cannon on the ceiling rotate and aim its muzzle at vance . vance take a experimental sidestep ; the cannon ignore banneker and track vance like a hunt dog . 17 . banneker Security 's tight down here . underground corridor banneker and vance walk abreast at a brisk clip . banneker why do you think we select you , out of a hundred thousand Marines ? a scientist in a grey coat walk by , shepherd a mysterious mechanism on a motorize cart . vance watch it pass . vance selected I for what ? banneker we will get to that . why you ? vance I have see more action than most . banneker you have survive more mission than any trooper in the offworld Corps . they pass another security cannon . vance watch the weapon unhappily as it track he . vance I have be lucky . banneker you have the fastest reflex in the Corps , and the lowest rest pulse rate . you eyesight and hearing be in the first percentile . you be a amazing specimen . but that 's all trivia . the point be , you be the man who come home . vance so far . grand concourse a huge subterranean space , gleam and supermodern . Walkways above walkway , all bustling with movement as scientist hurry to and for . in the center of the concourse stand a great globe of earth : it show the world divide into two super- nation that cover 18 . every speck of land on the planet - the ally States mark in red , the hegemony in blue . beside the globe stand jarod marbeck , 65 , director of the state science agency . magisterial and severe in a ornate black coat and cap . director marbeck welcome , Captain . I be jarod marbeck , director of the State Science Agency . ( he smile ) you be wonder why you be here . vance yeah . marbeck point at the globe turn slowly above they . director marbeck we have live in a state of cold war for more than a century . all we life . do you know how many time we have come close to total war ? vance no . director marbeck six . six time we have armed we doomsday weapon and teeter on the brink of extinction . imagine that ! marbeck shake he head with the air of a man personally offended . director marbeck we scientist work to protect humanity . from disease . famine . cosmic accident of every kind . this Agency have quietly rescue humanity more time than I can count . and for what ? so we idiot politician and military barbarian can march we right back to the abyss ! the world 's in danger . we only home . vance we have colony on the outer planet . director marbeck Little steel bubbles fill with air ! if Earth be lose , they will ( more ) 19 . director marbeck ( cont would ) perish in a year or two . no , I see the truth long ago . there 's only one way to safeguard we future . vance what 's that ? director marbeck we need another world . governing council chamber marbeck and banneker lead vance into a immaculate white conference room . around the table : scientist walter larson , 60 , slender and folksy ; scientist martin caul , 70 , a bearded man with fierce eye ; and scientist cordelia rhay , 65 , keen and severe . all the scientist wear black coat and skullcap . behind each scientist stand a gray-coate apprentice . vance 's eye be draw to Martin caul 's apprentice : ada kildare , 30 , a beauty whose hair fall to she shoulder . she watch vance with open curiosity . marbeck and banneker sit , leave a chair at the foot of the table . after a awkward moment vance take the empty chair . director marbeck colleague , this be Captain conrad vance of the offworld Marine Corps . the scientist inspect he . vance look back , he eye linger boldly on ada . fluster , she look away . marbeck point at vance . director marbeck I be you age when I become director . you see , I be a prodigy too : but where you excel at kill , I have other talent . I enlarge the astronomy division and begin a search of the heaven . and in just five year I find what I be look for . he raise he hand , and a STAR swell into existence in the air above the conference table - which be also a holograph generator . vance be startle , which amuse the scientist . director marbeck erix . similar in size and orbit to we own world , with a single large ( more ) 20 . director marbeck ( cont would ) moon . a new hope for humanity , just twenty light - year away . in hologram : planet spring into be around the star . the fourth planet , erix , grow to fill the space over the table : a angry red planet with a pale yellow moon . director marbeck I assemble the best scientific mind in the Agency . and they design and build the most extraordinary spacecraft ever make . in hologram : the scene shift . a spaceport orbit Jupiter . cradle in its scaffold be a saucer - shape spacecraft . as the view shift , the ship 's immensity become apparent . construction ship swarm over it like ant . director marbeck prometheus ! vance ( awed ) nothing 's that big . the elderly scientist Larson grin . larson prometheus be . half a kilometer across , with a mass of seventy million ton . and history 's biggest gravity drive run through its core . it 's a magnificent monster . marbeck indulge Larson with a smile of real affection . director marbeck and the great secret ever keep . vance how many people aboard ? director marbeck none . the prometheus have no passenger compartment , no cockpit . it 's a super- intelligent machine design to transform erix into a new Earth . vance a terraforming ship . director marbeck yes ! the prometheus Project . this be scientist walter Larson , Chief ( more ) 21 . director marbeck ( cont would ) engineer . he design prometheus forty year ago . vance look at Larson in surprise . marbeck gesture at the other scientist around the table . director marbeck scientist cordelia rhay , Chief physicist . scientist Martin caul , Chief planetologist . you have meet scientist banneker , Project coordinator . I lead the project . and we work have begin in earnest . after a thirty year voyage , prometheus have arrive . in hologram : prometheus orbit erix . it release a shower of probe that fall onto the planet : a swarm of satellite that swing into crisscross orbit . prometheus land and divide elaborately . six section crawl away on giant tread , each a titanic machine in its own right . the core remain , a spire reach into the sky . director marbeck the ship 's core form the prometheus Ground Station , here . six crawler spread over the surface , sow the seed of new life . and now to the point . one of this crawler have break down . ( he point ) crawler Three . its communication array have fail . without satellite data it can no longer chart its course . it will not move or launch the rocket it carry . vance how can you know this ? it 's impossible to know what 's happen twenty light - year away . any message would take twenty year to get here . rhay that 's true - in the physics you be teach . but there have be some unannounced breakthroughs in the field . the prometheus be connect to Earth by a device call a lang transporter . it allow object to '' travel '' instantaneously from one point to another . the prometheus have be ( more ) 22 . rhay ( cont would ) send we progress report roughly once a week . vance you have a teleportation machine . rhay a lang transporter . yes . director marbeck a transporter , Captain vance , that work in both direction . a device large enough to transport a man . vance digest this information . the scientist watch he . vance you want I to go to erix . director marbeck yes . vance you want I to repair crawler Three . marbeck smile like a teacher pleased with a clever student . corridor marbeck lead vance and the other scientist along at a brisk clip . Security cannon continue to pick vance out of the crowd and track he as he pass . vance , shell - shocked by all he 's learn , be try to get he head around it . vance I think I be pretty well - inform . you know , I read the news . marbeck chuckle . director marbeck the event that truly shape the world rarely make the news . especially in this day and age . prometheus project - transport facility a cavern of staggering dimension , its floor lose in shadow far below . a futuristic reactor loom in the darkness . at the center of its coil : a chamber not much bigger than a coffin . 23 . a catwalk stretch across empty space to the chamber . marbeck lead vance out onto the bridge . his voice echoe . director marbeck the lang transporter . the only device of its kind . humanity 's great invention , if humanity only know it . that doorway there , that chamber ... a gateway to another world . you will be the first to pass through , Captain . the first . prometheus project - staging room a huge industrial space connect to the Transport facility . heavy machine hulk in the corner . massive crane hang overhead . the floor be a mosaic of conveyor belt and move platform . banneker lead vance in . banneker we have everything you should need . if we do not have it , we can probably get it . if we can not get it we will make it for you . banneker point to a door at the top of a metal staircase . banneker you quarter . Close to the work . a klaxon sound : a massive locker descend into the staging room on a elevator . the crate be mark with Marine insignia and vance 's name . banneker gaze at a heavy crane : it leap into motion . lift the locker from the elevator . set it down and withdraw . vance you keep do that . banneker do what ? vance control machine with you eye . elevator , door , the crane . how 's it work ? banneker in the Agency , rank have its privilege . 24 . he remove he cap . he be bald : a sleek metal crown cling to he scalp . its terminal pass through the skin into he head . vance ouch . banneker when there be secret to be keep , machine make the best servant . we do not need many human helper here . vance key he id code into the massive locker . thumb the print reader . the case open . Inside : vance 's armor - and a arsenal of weapon and tool . banneker peer into the locker . inspect a rack of something like wet-suit . he finger one curiously . it 's mark with vance 's name and Captain 's rank insignia . banneker what be this ? vance skinsuit . you wear it under the armor . soak up sweat , keep you skin clean , heal wound . it even scratch where you itch . best of all , on a long mission it catheterize you . banneker ouch . vance yeah . you tend to have a love-hate relationship with you skinsuit . minute later vance , wear a skinsuit , stand in front of he armor . vance Athena , wake up . Athena 's electronic voice speak from the battle suit . athena 's voice Captain vance . vance open. 25 . the battle-suit split OPEN like some strange mollusk - the helmet swing back , the body open wide . vance slip easily into the armor , and it close around he . he stand up wear half a ton of metal . vance offworld Marine , ready for duty . banneker very impressive . come and see the repair job . we have a mock -up . vance hang on . vance reach into the locker and clamp a bulky apparatus onto he leave forearm . he point it at banneker . its muzzle belch a blur of motion that make banneker flinch violently - but it 's only a rapid rotation of tool : socket - wrench , chisel , hammer , pincer . vance ( grin ) field engineer 's toolkit . can not hurt you . behind vance , unknown to he , the staging room machine turn on he : the heavy crane hang overhead , its quivering jaw ready to crush he . a pit open at he heel . Security cannon awaken and take aim . banneker relax , and the machine withdraw silently into the shadow . training facility vance , in full armor , enter on banneker 's heel . apprentice gape at the giant in they midst . a house -size machine dominate the room . it 's shape like a beetle 's head : two eye-like dome , a shell of armor plate . one armored dome be tear raggedly open . banneker this be a replica of crawler Three 's comm array . we reproduce the damage from diagnostics . vance take in the complex machine . shoot banneker a look . 26 . vance look , why be I here ? you have get to have hundred of engineer who could do this . banneker the offworld Marine battle suit be the toughest spacesuit there be . and it take month of training to wear it . a skilled Marine be we best option . vance walk up the module 's hull and inspect the damage . he casually peel back the thick metal and peer inside . banneker 's eye widen at this feat of strength . vance what do this ? banneker unknown . probably collision damage . erix be not flat . vance it 's not pretty . but it look like the only real damage be this cable . it 's a easy fix . banneker ( skeptically ) there be component you have to move . system to shut down and restart in a certain order . vance easy . good . int . prometheus project - engineering CENTER - day scientist Larson 's kingdom , a gallery of technical diagram and intricate mechanism . Larson , banneker , and vance survey a huge scale model of prometheus and its crawler . they cluster around the model of crawler Three . scientist larson now when you complete this repair , watch out . crawler Three 's go to start talk to prometheus , and in less than a second they 'il exchange more information than a human brain handle in a lifetime . crawler ( more ) 27 . scientist larson ( cont would ) Three 's go to find out it 's late start the Ocean Program . and right that second it will launch its rocket , bound for the seas of erix . Larson frown . four hatch - cover flip open on top of the model of crawler Three . four model rocket emerge . Larson lift one with obvious pleasure . larson Big rocket . it will get hot for you . around two thousand degree kelvin . vance for how long ? scientist larson ten second or so . only a second or two of peak heat . vance all right . I can ride that out . scientist larson ( grin ) that 's a damned fancy suit . vance ( return the smile ) yes , sir . what do this rocket do ? scientist larson the ocean be the foundation of the biosphere . the rocket be load with bacteria design to change ... banneker Captain vance may have top-secret military clearance , but he have no clearance here . tell he only what he need to know . vance and banneker lock eye . they be not go to get along . staging room the staging room be desert . vance and banneker enter . vance so what now ? 28 . banneker now nothing . ( off vance 's bewilderment ) it 's eight - o'clock . the end of we day . we will resume at eight tomorrow morning . take some time to study the project . you have the file . banneker turn to go . vance what about food ? I be starve . banneker talk to the terminal in you room . food will come in the autovalet . banneker disappear down the corridor . vance ( shouting after he ) the auto-what ? vancea quarter a simple room with a desk , a holography table , and a industrial metal bed . a door open onto a compact bathroom . a panel in the wall stand open : the autovalet , a delivery system . a dinner tray , demolish , sit on the desk . at the holograph table , vance flip through data : map of erix ... diagram of prometheus ... diagram of crawler Three . under the table , he knee jump with nervous tension . corridor desert . vance stroll restlessly , hand in he pocket . the security cannon track he as he pass . vestibule vance palm the elevator switch : access denied . transporter facility vance stand outside the door . stare into the transporter cavern . electricity flicker over the vast machinery . 29 . in he face in this solitary moment , we see something extraordinary : fear . int . prometheus project - planetology CENTER - day ada kildare greet vance and banneker at the entrance . ada ( with a win smile ) Captain vance . welcome to the planetology division . I be ada kildare . vance scientist kildare ... ada ada. vance ada . pleasure to meet you . she lead they through a tantalize laboratory . apprentice work at display screen fill with weather system , satellite map , complex data display . ada this be where we study erix . geology , chemistry , biology , everything . she hustle they through the lab too fast to allow vance a good look around . vance ( under he breath ) biology ? martin caul 's office the de of a university professor : actual book on shelf , a holography table , huge display screen for data . scientist caul and ada sit with vance and banneker . caul scowl at vance and stroke he beard . caul you will have to tell I how I can help you , son . I be no military man . vance look impatient . 30 . vance I have to travel a hundred kilometer across a alien planet , and back . I have no recon . what 's the ground make of ? do it rain ? what 's the rain make of ? what about background radiation ? Electrical storm . volcanoe . earthquake ... caul all right , all right . ada will get you a environmental survey ... ( he glance at ada inquiringly ) ada tomorrow , first thing . vance and you say biology . there 's life on erix ? caul of course . we could not terraform without biomass to work on . vance well , what be we talk about ? algae ? bug ? Little green man ? caul no , no , nothing like that . no intelligent life . vance you know that ? caul certainly . there 's no technology . no agriculture , no artificial structure , no road . no control use of fire . no sign of social organization . we have be thorough . vance all right . so what be there ? caul abundant plant and animal life . I can not be very detailed . vance listen . I be combat-certify in low gravity , heavy gravity , and zero gravity . I can operate in vacuum , ( more ) 31 . vance ( cont would ) atmosphere , or underwater . but there 's no training program for '' alien . '' I need information . caul glance nervously at banneker . caul please understand . prometheus be a planetary terraforming system . I can tell you whether erix 's carbon cycle be positive or negative for the week . I can give you the chemical composition of any part of the planet to ten decimal place . I can give you detail - but not the one you want . you want to know if life on erix could be dangerous to you . and we simply have no idea . training facility vance , in armor , practice the repair . Larson and a crew of apprentice look on . vance 's right hand be tuck behind he back ; he work with he leave . vance finish the repair , lift he hand with a flourish . Diagnostic light flash to life . apprentice # 1 system operational . apprentice # 2 Three minute forty - eight second . with one hand . apprentice restore the mock - up to its damage state for the next practice run . larson and no technical diagram . next you will be do it blindfolded . vance look at Larson mischievously . the mock - up be ready . vance Athena . blackout . vance 's visor go opaque . he grope over the repair . int . vance's quarter - day vance let ada in . she move into the room , a little shy , look around . vance , suddenly self - conscious , give the 32 . place a quick scan , but there 's nothing to tidy up : the room be immaculate . she peek into he tiny bedroom : vance 's personal effect be stashed meticulously ; he bedsheet be taut as a drumhead . ada you really know how to make a bed . vance Boot camp die hard . ada activate vance 's holograph table . ada I bring you some more detailed map and environmental data . a map of erix rise from the table . vance look it over . ada I have make note where I could . hazardous terrain , rainfall and wind condition ... everything I could think of . vance toggle the map through different overlay : temperature data , precipitation , geology ... he stop at a display he do not understand . vance what 's this ? ada ( hesitantly ) biological material . vegetation . vance just my luck . look like prometheus land in a hot spot . ada it be not chance . we choose a landing site rich in organic material . a jungle , really . vance great . vance's quarter - later alone , vance study the map . he 's be at it for a while . he pull a remote from he pocket and speak into it . 33 . vance Athena . wake up . staging room the chest panel of vance 's armor light up . vancea quarter Athena 's voice emanate from the remote . athena 's voice Captain . vance plug the remote into he holography table . Athena 's Greek -helmet icon appear in the corner of he display . vance tactical model one . this be the planet erix . athena 's voice model one . with a stylus , vance touch a symbol on the map . vance this be prometheus Ground Station . call it longitude zero . athena 's voice longitude zero . vance 's stylus float over the map : across ridge and valley , canyon and river . a long way . touches again . vance this be crawler Three . int . prometheus project - governing council chamber - day vance stand in front of director marbeck and the scientist of the govern Council , who sit around the table . director marbeck after only two week , you say you be ready . vance plug he remote into the Council table . vance Athena . tactical model 5b . 34 . the map of erix rise out of the table . vance display primary route . secondary route . tertiary route . display hazard . Athena paint information across the map . a dense path of data connect the Ground Station to crawler Three . caul ( intrigue ) you have alter that map . vance this be a theater - Wide tactical model . it 's what the Corps use . Athena have the whole region in memory . director marbeck and the repair ? larson he can do it blind . I watch he . vance more prep be just over - training . I be good to go . director marbeck ( to scientist rhay ) the transporter 's ready ? ( off rhay 's nod ) very well . in the morning , Captain , you will go . int . vance's quarter - night vance do push-up , tick they off like a metronome . he rise , breathe hard . the map of he mission glow on he holography table : he circle the table , study the map , focus and deadly serious . int . prometheus project - staging room - the next morning vance , in full armor , be check over by a team of apprentice . banneker look on . vance 's breathe be slow and steady , he eye far away . 35 . at the last moment the apprentice replace he '' vance '' id plate with plate read '' vance 1 . '' vance take no notice . transport facility vance enter , hulk in he armor . ada stand beside the door . vance muster a smile . vance wish I luck . ada good luck , conrad . vance cross the catwalk to the transport chamber . the scientist watch from the Control room window . all eye on vance . tension palpable in the room . the transport chamber open , spilling light into the cavern . rhay ( 0.s. ) be you ready , Captain ? vance give the thumb -up . director marbeck ( 0.s. ) enter the chamber . transport chamber vance step inside . the door close . he stand cramped in the small , bright chamber . breathe faster now . rhay ( 0.s. ) charge . the vast dynamo of the lang transporter rumble to life . vance Athena . Transit to erix . stand by . athena 's voice stand by . the sound of the dynamo rise to a howl . ext . new WASHINGTON - sunrise New Washington stand pale against the dawn . a roll brownout darken the city 's light . 36 . int . prometheus project - transporter control room the scientist watch as electrical arc spatter across the transporter . the noise be incredible . ada join the other scientist in the control room . they watch in fascination . transport chamber vance close he eye against the light and noise . sweat run down he cheek . the dynamo reach a scream pitch and hang there . rhay ( v.o. ) full charge . on you signal . vance hit it . boom . blind light . pure energy hammer through the transport chamber : for a split second vance be a human lightning rod , a negative image , he mouth wide in a inaudible scream . silence . vance stand tremble , wisp of smoke rise from he armor . he take a shudder breath . open he eye . the chamber door grind open - not the slim door he expect , but a massive slab of armor plate . he look out at ... the planet erix smoky cloud race across a blood -re sky . lightn flash , and where it strike a ribbon of fire twist and fade . the landscape be a jungle out of a child 's nightmare . everything be move . there 's no clear division between plant and animal . it howl and rage and feed on itself . vance stare , transfix with horror . vance my god. 37 . ext . prometheus ground station prometheus tower out of the jungle , its vast rib curving into the sky like the bone of a giant . the ship 's descent have blast a clear in the jungle . the track of the huge crawler lead away in all direction , highway of crush vegetation and ruin . vance step out . the ground crunch under he boot . athena 's voice Satellite system online . vance Athena . show I crawler Three . a blue marker on he visor display point down the path to he leave . crawler Three be out of sight over the horizon . a readout give the distance : 124 kilometer . vance move out into the clear . vine wriggle toward he across the ground . vance , wide - eye , skip back from they . athena 's voice multiple target income . predator burst from the jungle and head for vance - big and terrifyingly fast . gleaming tusk jut from they shoulder . vance pull he rifle - but the weapon be tangle in vine . he pull it free - too late . they be on he . tusk punch through he armor . horrific wound . his rifle fire convulsively . he die . the gunfire shock the jungle into motion . wing thing explode into flight , tree claw at the air . a vision of Hell . int . prometheus project - transport facility ( earth ) the transport chamber 's door open . vance step out onto the catwalk . he 's untouched , he armor unmark . a few thin wisp of smoke rise from he shoulder . he do not look like a man who 's just see he own death . in the Control room the scientist stand watch . 38 . vance I be still here . director marbeck ( 0.s. ) technical difficulty , Captain . rhay ( 0.s. ) we be , ah , run test . vance look up at the Control room . the scientist look down at he ... all but ada kildare , who turn and vanish . vance technical difficulty . but this be safe . director marbeck perfectly safe in theory . it take a week to recharge the transporter . one week . until then - continue training . training facility vance , in armor , stand in front of the repair mock -up . plainly sick of do this . he sigh heavily . he gesture , and the toolkit extrude from he armored gauntlet . he start the repair . int . vance 's quarter - day ( a week later ) vance sit wearily at he small holography table . his tactical map of erix glow in the darken room . a knock . vance come in . banneker step in , all business . banneker the transporter 's ready . you go in the morning . eight -o’clock . prometheus project - transport facility - morning vance , in armor , step into the chamber for the second time . his id tag read vance 2 . the door close behind he . 39 . transport chamber vance stand cramped in the tiny chamber . rhay ( v.o. ) stand by ... on you signal . again the dynamo howl in leash fury . vance go. a boom and a blind flash . Energy slam through he - and then vance stand shudder in the transport chamber . the door open . vance step out into the ... transport facility vance look up at the Control room window where the scientist stand . vance what now ? director marbeck ( v.o. ) patience , we be almost there . one more week . we will try again . int . prometheus project - staging room - night vance , wear a headset , tinker with he armor . vance ( into headset ) sensor diagnostic . execute . athena 's voice Diagnostic run . ( o.s. ) agitate voice in the distance . vance look up . in the corridor outside , scientist banneker and ada kildare be argue . vance lift a headphone away from he ear , listen . the thick window muffle they voice . vance cancel diagnostic . tactical sound . isolate voice . 40 . athena 's voice tactical sound . a oceanic roar resolve into speech . ada ( v.o. ) well , how can he do better if you do not tell he what 's happen ? banneker ( v.o. ) we be oblige to protect certain secret . ada ( v.o. ) you make no sense . you be hide the problem you want he to solve . they move away down the hall , and the conversation be lose . vance pull he headset off , ponder . int . prometheus project - vance 's mission room - night vance lie on he bed , the room light by the shifting light of a holograph : bloody erix orbit its pale sun . int . prometheus project - transport facility - morning vance , in full armor , step once more into the transport chamber the door close over he as the dynamo howl . the tag on he armor read vance 3 . boom . lightn strike inside the chamber . ext . erix - prometheus ground station - day electricity crackle over the immense terraforming ship . the transporter door open . vance emerge , trail wisp of smoke . gape again at the alien wilderness . athena 's voice Captain . Marines down . vance ( in disbelief ) what ? 4l . two casualty marker hover in he visor display . he inspect the fall shape with telescopic vision . see the shattered armor , read the id tag : vance 1 , vance 2 . vance you bastard . what have you do ? athena 's voice Satellite system online . vance scan the jungle . nothing to see . he notice a fall rifle beside one of the fall Marines . sprint for it . athena 's voice incoming . multiple target . vance get the rifle . Three predator be close on he . he blast they , a rifle in each hand . the gunfire tear into the predator . they stagger , raging against they injury , and go down . vance relax - and he visor light up with warning marker . athena 's voice incoming . incoming . incoming . predator erupt from the jungle . the leader pounce and vance jump away on jet , rifle blaze mid-air . he land run . they stay with he , flanking he . vance leap over a saber tree and the tree snatch he out of the air , pierce he armor with curve blade . he die . int . transport facility ( earth ) - morning the transport chamber door slide open . vance , unhurt , step out into the laboratory , visibly angry . from the Control room the scientist look down at he . director marbeck ( v.o. ) apology , Captain . it look like we be not quite there yet . vance stare suspiciously . he zoom in telescopically on the director 's face . marbeck be smile . vance Athena . open up . his armor release he . 42. director marbeck ( 0.s. ) Captain ? control room access corridor vance emerge from the elevator in he black skinsuit . he 's get something hide in he hand . banneker stand at the Control room door . vance brushes past he and palm the door switch . nothing happen . banneker slide between vance and the door . banneker the Control room be a restrict ... vance apply a armlock . plant banneker 's hand on the door switch . the door slide open . control room director marbeck stand wait . around he , technician sit at elaborate console . vance enter . banneker follow , rub he twisted arm . director marbeck Captain . vance take in the monitor and control . he scan the face of the technician . vance you be not disappointed . director marbeck what ? vance you be not disappointed . ( point at the tech ) they be not try to figure out what 's wrong . they be just sit there . job 's do . he hold up a id tag from he armor . it read vance 3 . vance vance Three . what do that mean ? what be that machine do to I ? 43 . director marbeck ( to banneker ) here 's what come of recruiting the headstrong problem - solver . ( to vance ) Captain , you will not get what you want by make demand of I in front of my staff . you concern be note . banneker , if you will . banneker reach for vance 's arm as if to escort he out . vance stop he cold with a admonish finger . vance not on you best day . he fling the id plate at marbeck 's foot . vance do you know what battle readiness be , director ? it 's the vital thing that bleed away when you keep soldier in the trenches too long . when you tell they every day that battle be come , and it never come . I be in the dark here . I do not know what we be do . and at this rate , when something finally happen , I will not be ready . marbeck struggle visibly with he temper , and win . he take a deep breath . director marbeck you be right . the lang transporter have not fail . it work perfectly . vance and what do it do ? director marbeck you say it yourself . faster- than - light travel be not possible . the transporter work by another principle . rhay conrad , the lang transporter have two chamber . one here , and one on prometheus . the system exploit quantum superposition to create virtual particle in ... vance try to follow this . shake he head in frustration . 44 , vance just give I the bottom line . rhay sorry . the lang transporter do not '' transport '' thing . it duplicate they . it sample whatever 's in one chamber and create a perfect copy in the other chamber . we have create copy of you on erix three time . a moment of silence roll by . vance stare at the scientist . vance copy of I . on erix . director marbeck the transporter allow you to stand on Earth and cast you shadow on another world . the man we send to erix be you , in a sense , with you ability , you memory , you intention ... but you remain . vance and you do not feel the need to tell I this . what be you do ? Building a army over there ? he stare out at the transporter brood in its cavern . director marbeck there 's no army . you first two duplicate , you shadow on erix , die within minute . you third shadow be most likely die as we speak . vance - a man who have never be wounded - be stunne . he glance at the vance 3 nameplate on the floor . vance I die . director marbeck you shadow die . vance look at marbeck , grapple with the unbelievable . vance show I . 45 . int . governing council chamber - later the scientist stand around the holography table : director marbeck and scientist banneker , caul , rhay and Larson . vance , back in regular uniform , face they across the table . in holograph : grainy satellite video of the prometheus Ground Station . director marbeck ( 0.s. ) prometheus , see from orbit . vance point at the landscape surround prometheus . vance what 's all this movement ? caul the jungle . in holograph : Electrical energy erupt from the Station . rhay ( 0.s. ) that energy discharge be the creation of a large mass . the image zoom in . a blurry figure emerge from the Station . director marbeck ( 0.s. ) that 's you . or rather , the first copy of you . call he shadow one . shape burst from the jungle and overwhelm shadow one . vance what 's that ? what be that ? a data marker pop up , recording the death . caul alien . ada Native predator . vance shake he head in disbelief . director marbeck death at one minute eighteen second . director marbeck cue the next holographic recording . 46 . director marbeck second arrival , one week later . you second duplicate , shadow two , exit the station . gunfire . death at two minute fifty - one second . caul same type of predator . ada maybe territorial . vance watch , freeze with amazement and rage . director marbeck third arrival , just hour ago . shadow Three . vance he pick up a second weapon . director marbeck extended gunfire here . vance stare , completely absorb . vance two kill . Three . director marbeck apparently . shadow Three flee . he be pursue . death at four minute twenty second . banneker twenty meter off the ground . look like he get stick in a tree . vance scan the face around the table , settles on ada . vance be this real ? be that I ? ada it 's real . believe it . vance stare at the flicker image . when he look up there 's fire in he eye . vance you know this be happen . and you send I - copy of I - into that hell with the same equipment and the same plan , every time . what do you expect the third time ? 47 . banneker you can not plot a curve with one or two data point ... vance look . I be no scientist . I do not have you expertise . but this be not science . it 's combat . and that 's what I do . ( to marbeck ) do you want this do ? do you want to save you terraforming program ? director marbeck you know I do . it must be do . vance you '' shadow Three '' take some of that monster down with a light rifle . whatever they be , they die . let I pick the weapon and plan the op . i’1l do this thing . marbeck look at vance as if see he for the first time . director marbeck you believe it can be do ? vance I ’1ll get it do . on this condition : you give I the data I need . I do not care how you do the paperwork . just answer my question . director marbeck agreed . vance ( point at banneker ) and I do not need a handler . get he off my back . scientist banneker 's outrage glance find no audience . director marbeck scientist banneker will assist you - as you see fit . int . planetology CENTER - martin caul' office vance sit with scientist caul and ada around caul 's holography table . 48 . caul congratulation . you be the first non-scientist ever to hold a level - one ssa security clearance . vance so be you do lie to I ? his eye fall on ada . caul notice . caul do not blame ada . at this level of security , a slip of the tongue can be high treason . she could forfeit she career , she freedom ... even she life . ada the writ of secrecy you sign be no joke . caul and now you be in even deeper . level - one secret be practically radioactive . vance be you try to scare I ? ada he 's try to keep you safe . vance ( surrender ) I get it . so talk to I about alien . caul when we send prometheus to erix , we expect to find life . the planet 's chemistry imply life . but how much ? what kind ? he gesture , and a globe of erix rise from the holography table . it 's a infrared display : the seas be cool in shade of blue : the continent hot with life . caul no one be prepare for the data we get back . erix have twice the biomass of Earth . more life than Earth have ever carry . 49 . ada great for terraforming . lot of biomass to work with . vance and what life there ? caul we do not know much . between the jungle canopy and heavy cloud cover ... we get glimpsis . we have catalogue hundred of organism from rabbit-size creature to thing bigger than anything on Earth . vance dinosaur-sized . ada well , technically , bigger than dinosaur . vance stare . ada ( encouragingly ) they might be plant-eater . caul you should expect great diversity . it 's a wilderness . vance well , a Marine who 's do more than a hundred combat op walk into that wilderness wear one of the finest weapon system ever build , and be tear to piece in minute . Three try , and every time he die in minute . I have to know how that 's possible . caul ( to ada ) show he the simulator . biosimulator facility ada and vance stand in front of a large holographic tank . strange shape writhe in the hologram : unborn monster mutate in the womb . vance stare , aghast . vance what be I look at ? ada we have DNA sequence from sample take all over erix . vance DNA ? like we ? ada yes and no . they have three base pair instead of two - and not the same one . what you see be we computer try to imagine the organism this DNA sequence might create . it 's a very hard problem . 50 . vance stare at the shifting shape . they gleam with metallic spine , scale , blade . unfinish demon . vance you think you have get problem . ada erix be richer in heavy element than Earth . tungsten , chromium , titanium . live thing on erix incorporate that metal . vance they be make of titanium ? ada partly . some of they . erix also have twice the background radiation of Earth . that mean a higher mutation rate : faster evolution . so the natural arm race that produce tiger claw and turtle shell and porcupine quill on Earth ... vance produce military hardware on erix . ada it 's a safe bet . corridor vance catch up to banneker in a hallway . he talk fire as they stride along . rapid - 51 . vance I want new armor . ten-gauge plate on a heavy - planet chassis . banneker all right . vance one kehlor R - 10 railgun . ten thousand armor-piercing round . one hundred Mark - six field grenade . extended flamethrower tank . get that ? banneker do not bat a eye . banneker I have it . you can carry all this ? vance I all find a way . int . physics CENTER - scientist rhay's office the wall be display screen densely cover with equation and complex diagram . vance face scientist cordelia rhay across she desk . vance how do I know this copy of I be capable ? maybe my shadows fail because something 's wrong with they . rhay you do not understand . what the transporter send be you . the process be perfect . the man on erix be as much you as you be . what you know , he know . what you can do , he can do . do not ask I what you shadows be capable of : you be the only one who know . int . prometheus project - staging room - day later a new , more massive suit of armor stand in its rack . vance weld extra ammo pod to the armor . nearby , apprentice unpack enough ammunition for a regiment . 52 . ext . prometheus ground station ( erix ) a fantastic electrical display erupt from the Station , lightning stabbing into the cloud from the giant machine . shadow four step out in heavy armor , railgun in one hand , missile launcher in the other . he stare in grim determination at the jungle reflect in he visor . the badge on he helmet read vance 4 . int . prometheus project - staging room - day ( earth ) vance stand at the wall . his armor 's first three id plate be bolt up there : vance 1 , vance 2 , vance 3. he bolt a new plate up at the bottom of the column : vance 4 . int . engineering CENTER Larson and vance examine Larson 's scale model of prometheus . Larson look up from they work with a sudden boyish smile . larson think . you be the first man ever to leave the solar system . the first man to stand under a alien sun . it 's historical . do you feel it ? vance that 's a grand way to put it . but yeah , I feel it . larson I feel it . Building prometheus . with scientist rhay , and scientist caul , and director marbeck . Far from home . Jupiter hang over we . vance how many people build prometheus ? larson Three thousand . and thousand of machine . vance with that many people , how would you keep it secret ? the old scientist 's good humor fade away . 53 . larson when director marbeck want silence , he get silence . int . prometheus project - vance 's mission room - day ada peer into the map table . vance lean over she shoulder . he stand close ; they have grow comfortable with one another . in hologram : a satellite map of erix . shadow four 's fatality marker blink , a lonely star in the alien wilderness . vance shadow four do five-point - three kilometer before he die . shadow five carry more missile . in hologram : shadow five emerge from prometheus and blaze into the jungle . vance he go through he missile in two hour . at two point five hour , he visit the body of shadow four . ada why ? something there can kill he . vance yeah . must have be something he want badly . he watch she with a half -smile : testing she . ada ammunition . vance right . at five hour he stop shoot . I think he rifle fail . it would be red- hot by then . after the rifle quit he do not last thirty second . he do seven kilometer . the image freeze . ada that 's progress . but it 's a hundred kilometer to crawler Three . vance ( nodd ) I do not think we be go to get ( more ) 54 . vance ( cont would ) through the jungle . but you say there 's less life in the highland . vance tap he remote . in hologram : a new trail paint itself across the landscape : scale the cliff to the highland , travel many kilometer , and descend again near crawler Three . vance it 's a hell of a climb , and it 's a longer trip . but I think shadow six should take the high road . I know I have be demand data on the jungle . but now I need everything you can give I on the highland . ada I have it ready . but I want to show you something first . come with I . service corridor ada lead vance down a unfamiliar industrial passage . she can not quite suppress a smile . vance be perplex . ada palm a door open , revealing a freight elevator . he follow she in . freight elevator the door close . vance look up . the elevator be a open platform : the concrete shaft seem to go up forever . ada palm the switch . nothing happen . ada scowl . then the elevator rocket upward . the wall hurtle past . they grab for the railing . ada grin from ear to ear . ext . ssa headquarters - roof - day a trap door in the roof slide open . the elevator rise into view and lock into place . vance be astonished . they step onto the roof . the sun drench New Washington in golden light . traffic sparkles . building shine . Cloud scud overhead . ada I hear you ask to go outside . 55 . vance the director say no . Security risk . the elevator refuse I . ada I think maybe Security would not consider the roof '' outside . '' vance stand at the edge of the roof , drink in the view . he can not stop smile . vance I have be off - planet so long . it 's be kill I to be back home , but trap underground . thank you . ada I wish I have think of it sooner . she stand close . vance touch the shoulder of she coat . vance White coat , gray coat , black coat . what do they call you gray - coat scientist ? ada White coat be for novice . Gray for apprentice , black for Masters . vance so you be a apprentice . ada I have be offer the mastery , more than once . that 's a honor at my age . but I have not accept . vance why ? ada there be thing that go with mastery I be not comfortable with . vance the hardware under the hat . ada you know about that ? vance banneker show I he . 56 . ada it 's call the cybernetic crown . banneker be the youngest scientist ever to receive it . he 's proud . she pause , look out over the city . ada after you coronation , you absorb information faster than before . you calculate faster . you have total recall . and you can control the Agency 's device . Masters do science at a higher level . vance nod in understanding - he relate to this idea . vance in my armor I see farther , move faster . I can almost fly . ada but you can take the armor off . with the crown there 's no go back . you be different forever . and it 's classified technology : after you coronation the Agency own a part of you . they always know where you be , and you be no longer free to leave . the job 's forever . vance scowl in distaste at that idea . vance I have only be here a couple of month and I have have enough . ada and sometimes the crown change people . maybe one scientist in ten ... they stop socialize . lose they taste for ordinary pleasure . vance which pleasure ? ada take you pick . the crown touch everything . she part she hair with she finger , touch one point after another . 57 . ada two terminal in the frontal lobe . two in the parietal , two in the temporal , one in the occipital . her finger form a cage around the top of she head . vance slide he finger into she hair . pull she hand away . vance I like you better this way . she close she eye for a moment . take a deep breath . ada charge into battle ? vance ( let go ) sorry , I ... she kiss he . he pull she in , press she body against he . after a long moment she break for air , grin . ada wow . vance I have be in space a long time . he start to unbutton she gray coat . she let he . ext . highland plain - day ( erix ) a dry flatland studd with rock and low , twisted tree . shadow seven flee across the plain , fire on the run . the shadow of winge creature spiral around he on the ground . a winged raptor smashes he to the ground , its talon pierce he armor . he die . other raptor land . they squabble over the body . time accelerate . the sun hurtle across the sky . the raptor fly off , revealing break armor , a ravage body . night and day flicker past . alien vermin swarm over the corpse . the armor corrode and collapse on itself . the face wither to a bare skull . Seven day pass . time slow . resume its normal pace . a armored boot plant itself before shadow Seven 's unsee eye . shadow EIGHT stare down at the body . 58 . after a moment shadow eight stoops . take the dead man 's gun . int . governing council chamber - day vance and ada sit at the large holography table , review the progress of shadow nine . it 's late , and they be weary - they head propped on they hand . in holograph : shadow nine struggle through the jungle - a tiny , indistinct figure . swarm shape pursue he . flashes of light as he fire he rifle , he grenade launcher , he jump jet . he stop move . a fatality marker pop up on the display . scientist caul appear behind they . look gravely at vance . caul how many time can you watch this ? vance glance up at the old scientist and nod . restart the recording . the flicker light play across he face . vance that 's my twin down there . my brother . he 's die . caul that 's what I mean . can not be good for you . vance every choice he make be a message . every mistake . his death be a lesson . all I can do to honor he sacrifice be learn from it . caul I guess I have not give much think to what you duplicate go through . vance nod , he eye far away . vance when I have a shadow fight on erix , I be so aware of it I can almost feel it happen . ada have be tapping at a electronic slate . she look up . 59 . ada I have be work the other side of the problem . understand what the monster be think . I have the computer sort the alien into type use size and behavior . then I do game - theory analysis on they movement . she tap she slate . diagram fill the display : circle pattern , swarm movement - annotate in symbolic logic . scientist caul 's eye light up . caul semantic analysis of group dynamics ! you may have invent a new sub-discipline . I want to try it myself . vance ( bewilder ) try what exactly ? ada I be watch the predator think . species a defend they territory but will not leave it . species B will not attack you if you hold still . species C will follow you in one and twos , but only attack in group . there be rule . vance now that 's military intelligence . can you show I on a map ? planetology CENTER - scientist caul' office - night scientist caul sit at he desktop terminal . in holograph before he , small shape move over the surface of erix . the computer trace they complex path . equation appear in the air as the computer respond to caul 's thought . scientist caul lean forward intently , the light play on he face . staging room the industrial space be dim and desert . the window of vance 's quarter glow at the top of its staircase . 60 . ada steal through the staging room and up the stair . slip into vance 's room . vance's quarter vance and ada lie naked and entangle on vance 's narrow cot . ada pore over vance 's muscle with she hand . ada all this scar . vance every trooper take he hit . a few get through the armor . ada you be lucky to be alive . vance it 's not just luck . ada so proud . the lady must love you . be there lady , in space ? vance the Corps be fifteen percent woman . but they be not like you . ada ( laugh ) I would hope not ! you be not what I be use to either . vance you sure this will not make trouble for you ? people must know you come here . ada we have to report personal relationship inside the Agency . but you be not a scientist . ( grin ) you be a Captain in the offworld Marines . vance and you like that . ada I like that . 61 . ext . jungle - dusk ( erix ) shadow thirteen race through the undergrowth , a gun in each hand . whistle spine like arrow tear through the jungle around he , skip off tree-trunks . he emerge into a clear ... and stop short . scorpion wait for he there : monstrosity whose tail hurl deadly spine . pursue scorpion burst from the jungle behind he . caught in the middle , he leap to the top of a round rock . scorpion swarm out of the jungle , surround he . he pivot in place , gun raise . hope drain from he face . he start shoot . a storm of spine fly in answer . int . vance 's quarter - morning ( earth ) vance slam awake , bath in sweat , panting . the clock say 5:30 am . ada lie beside he , she skin shine in the half - light . int . director marbeck' office - day marbeck sit at he grand desk . in front of he , scientist caul pace restlessly on the fine carpet . caul jarod . it 's over . caul sound almost threaten , but marbeck respond with good - nature disbelief . director marbeck Martin . this kind of sentimentality be beneath you . caul how can you hear what I have find and still go through with this ? director marbeck how can you ask ? erix be the great gift ever give to the human race . it 's my life 's work . caul you and you legacy . the world will not stand for it , once they know . 62 . marbeck come to he foot , all silky menace . director marbeck who 's go to tell they , Martin ? you ? the question affect caul like a load gun . he freeze . caul I should never have join you in this . it be a devil 's bargain . the door behind he open . Guards enter the room . director marbeck call it what you will . it be a bargain . int . prometheus project - vance 's quarter - day ( earth ) vance sit at he holography table . shadow thirteen 's fatality marker wink on the map . director marbeck appear behind vance . director marbeck thirteen attempt , Captain . thirteen week lose . thirteen disruption of the city 's power . more conspicuous requisition for weaponry . indignant , vance pivot in he chair to face marbeck . vance what do you want from I ? I be move mountain here ! nobody 's ever do anything like this . ( he point at the map ) I be get there . that 's progress ! director marbeck you belong to my project now . if you ever want to get back to you life , back to you platoon ... ( almost snarling ) ... then do not give I progress , Captain . succeed . staging room brood and stress , vance survey he arsenal : rack of gun , pile of munition . banneker stand behind he . 63 . banneker I know . you want something better . vance shake he head helplessly . vance there be nothing better . this be the best ... ( he eye go wide ) I be so stupid ! banneker that 's what I keep tell you . vance I think I be use the best weapon and armor available . but I be not . I be use the best stuff available in the field . banneker as oppose to ...? vance the arsenal in nevada have experimental weapon . they make field - issue gear look like toy . they be too expensive to put in harm 's way ... banneker get it and come around at once . banneker but you can use they without risk . what do you need ? vance a flight to nevada . and when I get there - anything I ask for . int . ballistic shuttle ( in flight ) vance look out the window of a supersonic plane . America roll by far below . the curvature of the Earth be visible . behind he , the sun rise . above , he can see star . a fully armed ssa guard sit beside vance . banneker sit across from he beside a second guard . ext . nevada arsenal - front gate a military troop carrier barrel down a desert road . 64 . vance sit up front with the driver ; banneker and the guard hunker uncomfortably in the back . vance and he escort arrive at a remote desert facility : the nevada arsenal of the Department of Defense . int . nevada arsenal - lobby isabel garvey , 50 , stand wait . she 's a lean , rangy woman in plain service uniform , sleeve roll up . vance , banneker , and they guard enter . banneker approach garvey officiously . banneker rune banneker , scientist ... garvey brushes past banneker to vance . garvey Captain vance ? Colonel isabel garvey . Chief weapon master . she stick out a hand . vance shake it , grin at she grip . vance ma'am . garvey this way . vance and garvey stride briskly away , force banneker and he guard to hurry after they . garvey you combat report be require read here . we redesign the G - 4 rocket launcher base on you feedback . vance the new G - 4 be outstanding . smooth . fast on the reload . security checkpoint plexiglass barrier , armed sentries , automatic gun . vance and the garvey sweep through the checkpoint unchallenge . the sentries block banneker and he guard . 65 . garvey ( to vance ) you be the only one clear for the armory . you need this guy ? vance grin at banneker on the far side of the barricade . vance no . banneker glare as vance and the Lieutenant stride away . armory garvey and vance stride along a corridor , trail by two subordinate officer who tag along at garvey 's beck and call . vance I need the best armor you have . and weapon . garvey do you understand how valuable this prototype be ? vance they will be safe . barely handle . garvey you need ‘em ready to use , but you be not go to use they . vance I know that sound strange . garvey sound like you take a few hit to the helmet . armory garvey lead vance past a fantastic gallery of armor prototype : slim black stealth suit ; five - ton demolition suit ; suit with massive specialize weapon . they pass a rack of massive axe and machete too heavy to lift without armor . they stop beside a gorgeous silver armor with fluid line . vance take to it immediately . 66 . garvey here 's the crown jewel . diamond fiber plate . hardest thing go . and lighter , so we can bulk up the chassis , the power plant , the motor . stronger and faster than current model . vance this be what I need . vance be already head for the exit . garvey follow , protest . garvey I know you have say that . it 's the only suit of its kind . vance I will take good care of it . they pass the rack of massive machete . vance point . vance and get I one of that . weapon lab garvey show vance a rack of identical supermodern rifle . they be bulky and ponderous : design for power armor . garvey the milburn m20 railgun . next generation rifle . vance heave a railgun out of the rack . with a speed that bely the weapon weight , he check the safety ; crack the Magazine open , check the load , close it ; cock the weapon loudly , chamber a round . nearby technician look up as the weapon go live . vance haul the rifle to he shoulder - arm tremble under the burden . he flick the gunsight on . the scope paint light across he eye . vance shut the rifle down and drop it into the rack . vance Nice . but it 's just a bigger , better machine gun . I want the experimental stuff . I want a energy weapon . 67 . garvey a handheld energy weapon ? there 's no such thing . vance look she steadily in the eye . vance you know what I be here for . garvey stare back at he , she defiance crumble . she sigh . dark ops lab a weapon designer look up from he workbench : a gaunt man of 50 in high - tech goggle that magnify he eye . garvey and vance stand in front of he . weapon designer borrow the valkyrie !? ( he peer at vance ) you be conrad vance . vance yeah . weapon designer you be a one - man destruction test . you have abuse or break every weapon in the arsenal . vance ( grin ) not the valkyrie . weapon locker the valkyrie hang behind shatterproof glass : a sleek energy rifle . it 's polished to perfection , but toolmark and weld betray its handmade origin . the weapon designer hand the valkyrie to vance . garvey valkyrie laser rifle . it will punch a hole through twenty centimeter of carbon steel . ten thousand discharge on a single power cell . vance smile , hefting the weapon . he thumb it on : the valkyrie activate with a deep throb of power . 68 . vance tough enough for field use ? weapon designer I make it myself . but it 's a test unit ! you can not just ... garvey wave he quiet . garvey he can . vance point into the weapon case : another weapon hang beneath the valkyrie . vance what 's that ? weapon designer ( reluctantly ) antimatter grenade launcher . vance flash garvey a big smile . she sigh again . int . prometheus project - caul' office ( new WASHINGTON ) scientist ada kildare arrive at scientist caul 's office , and be shocked to find the door flanke by ssa guard . she enter to find scientist caul and director marbeck wait for she . marbeck have a cold and malevolent air . scientist caul look both furious and frighten ; he hand be fist . ada pick up the vibe in the room . look warily from marbeck to caul . ada you call for I ? marbeck look promptingly at caul . caul ada . I will no longer be with the Project , as of today . his voice be taut , emotionally load . ada wah , ( dismay ) ly é 69 . caul I can no longer perform my function here . I be sorry , I would explain if I could . but you can see my situation . the director 's choose you to succeed I . ( with a significant look ) I tell he you be smart enough to do the job , and wise enough to do you duty . ada frown at caul , sense deeper meaning in the word but unable to grasp it . director marbeck ( to caul ) that 's all . caul ( to marbeck ) go to hell . caul turn and leave the office . the ssa guard outside the door fall into step and escort he away . ada turn to marbeck in consternation . ada what 's happen ? director marbeck you be now the Chief of planetology . you have more than enough to think about . ada begin to reply hotly , but bite she tongue ; there 's more go on than she understand . director marbeck I have read you report . you have be work long hour . ada ( warily ) with so much data come through ... director marbeck for the past seven week , you have also be spend you night with we hire barbarian . I suppose I should not be shocked . Young , fit specimen in close quarter ... it 's biologically predictable . ada stare , shocked at this invasion . 70 . ada it 's not forbidden . director marbeck it 's not wise . we scientist must guard we objectivity . ada objectivity ? conrad 's a colleague , not a experiment . director marbeck twice you have refuse the crown . you could have be the youngest ever . younger than banneker . now that you responsibility have grow , it 's time you become a master . ada it 's my choice . you can not force it on I . director marbeck at time in the past , time of crisis , scientist have be compel to take the crown . ada ( horrify ) what be you say ? director marbeck we do great thing here . do not complicate the work . int . nevada arsenal - corridor - day ( nevada ) garvey lead vance back toward the lobby of the arsenal . a young functionary catch up to they at a run . whisper urgently in garvey 's ear . garvey 's eye widen in astonishment . garvey follow I . she hustle vance back the way they come , away from banneker . banneker watch they retreat in renew frustration . garvey round a corner and stop at a pair of double door . garvey stand up straight and watch you manners . 71 . meeting room Three dignitary sit behind a long table : a distinguished man in a suit flanke by two general , a man and a woman . the general ' chest be bury in decoration . vance follow garvey in and snap to attention , eye wide with surprise . he stare at the man in the suit : Defense Secretary gideon dain , see earlier on a news broadcast in the spaceport . secretary dain Captain vance . I be gideon dain , Secretary of Defense . vance yes , sir . I know , sir . the young functionary scurries to vance 's side with a chair . vance sit . the functionary press a cup of coffee into he hand . vance relax a bit . secretary dain you flight 's in less than a hour . I will keep this brief . vance sip coffee . nod . vance yes , sir . secretary dain the Department of Defense rely on the State Science Agency for key technology . when they request a Marine for special duty , I could not easily say no . I be beginning to regret that decision . I want to know what this project 's about . vance I sign a writ of secrecy , sir . I can not say much . secretary dain ever since you arrive , there have be weekly power fluctuation in New Washington . whenever they occur , we detect a energy pulse with the profile of no know device . but there be a theoretical device that would create that kind of energy pulse . it 's call a lang ( more ) 72 . secretary dain ( cont would ) transporter . no work model have ever be build , or so we think . have you ever hear the term '' lang transporter , '' Captain ? vance yes . the general exchange meaningful look . secretary dain lean forward intently . secretary dain where be they send you with all that gun ? vance you be tell I the government do not know what marbeck 's do ? there 's a strain silence . the general watch vance gravely . secretary dain that 's what I be tell you . vance I can not tell you where they send I . but I will tell you this : you have never be there . int . prometheus project - vestibule - night ( new WASHINGTON ) vance emerge from the elevator in he dress uniform . the security cannon take aim at he . vance 's quarter vance hang up he uniform . step to he comm terminal . punch ada 's name . the response flash : unavailable . vancea quarter —- hour later vance lie in bed , stare at the door . no one come . rising , he dial ada again : unavailable . sigh , he roll back into bed . int . prometheus project - transporter facility - day vance approach the transport chamber in he gleam new armor and weaponry : laser rifle , grenade launcher , giant machete . 73 . this be he first attempt at erix in he experimental gear . his id tag read vance 14 . in the Control room , the scientist look on - ada among they . vance vanish into the transport chamber . the transporter howl as it charge . a blinding flash . vance emerge , a veil of smoke rise from he armor . he stalk away without so much as a glance at the Control room . vance now we will see . staging room vance tinker he new battle suit , still in the skinsuit he wear beneath he armor . vance ( into headset ) Athena . sensor check . athena answer in ada 's voice . the sound be more resonant in the new armor . athena 's voice sensor check run . stand by . ada ( 0.s. ) she 's a beauty . vance turn : ada stand behind he . vance ( quietly ) you be not take my call . ada thing have change . Martin caul leave the Project while you be go . I be replace he . suddenly I be under a magnify glass . vance why ? ada I do not really understand what 's happen . Martin be force out . he 's in some kind of trouble . o.s. voice in the corridor . 74 . banneker enter , talk to a couple of apprentice . see vance and ada talk , he stare in they direction . ada shy away from vance . ada I need some distance for a while . vance I have to talk to you . but ada 's already drift away , brow furrow with anxiety . ada I can not . I be sorry . vance watch she go . director marbecka office - day a immense , aristocratic room . director marbeck sit behind he massive desk , stare into a data terminal . vance enter unannounced . he have a serious air . director marbeck Captain ! a unexpected pleasure . vance ignore the false pleasantry . pull up a chair and sit . a moment pass before he speak . vance back when I be still new to the Corps , my platoon be call up for a secret op . we do a night drop with two other platoon on a hegemony base on venus . my platoon secure the perimeter . second platoon cut the comm line and jamme radio . the third platoon go inside . we hear a lot of shoot . when we dust off , the third platoon look shaky . they say they would just kill a bunch of civilian . combat report say we hit a hard target , but it be not true . it be a research station . I do not know why we hit it . director marbeck ( impatiently ) what lesson be I suppose to ... 75 . vance a few week later it all blow up . there be a top-secret shitstorm . we base commander resign . they break up my platoon and send we to other unit . they break up the second platoon the same way . but the third platoon , the guy who do the shoot , they go up on charge . War crime . that be ten year ago and they be still lock up . and you know , it nothing but luck that it be not my platoon pull the trigger . marbeck can see where this be go , and he do not like it . director marbeck you point , please . vance we be kill off a whole planet here . and nobody have any idea . seem like the kind of thing Congress would want to know about . director marbeck ( contemptuously ) Congress ? they bicker and compromise until even the best idea be water down to nothing . a visionary be a man , not a mob . this Agency be the great center of learn on Earth . if I be not fit to make this decision , who be ? vance I just want to know this job be not go to come back to haunt I . director marbeck Captain , I have spend billion of dollar and decade of my life on this work . it 's bigger than you . be a soldier . finish the job , and you will be back in rank in no time . int . prometheus project - corridor - day vance stride up to scientist Larson at a intersection . the old man grin and shake vance 's hand vigorously . 76 . larson wonderful result , conrad . let 's go and see . governing council chamber vance and the scientist of the govern Council surround the holography table . ada join they . vance catch she eye , but she look away . in hologram : the familiar blip of a shadow emerge from the prometheus Ground Station on erix . vance shadow fourteen . as the dim shape head into the jungle , weapon fire flash around he - much brighter than before . the laser rifle etch line of light across the landscape . a tremendous white flash . a plume of smoke . banneker what 's that ? vance antimatter grenade . director marbeck remarkable . shadow fourteen cross erix in a blaze of violence . he pass the death site of shadow thirteen and keep go . the light flicker out far past any previous shadow . vance nine day . seventy - six kilometer . shadow fourteen stay alive almost twice as long as any other shadow . director marbeck much more like it , Captain . ( turn cold ) now finish it . int . vance's quarter - day vance sit at he holography table . a battle on erix play itself out in front of he like a firework display . a fatality marker pop up : shadow 15 . 77 . int . planetology CENTER - ada kildare's office - day ada sit in what be scientist caul 's office - now hers . she be look at scientist caul 's work : he equation , he diagram ... try to understand . lack a cybernetic crown , she must use a stylus and keyboard where caul could use he mind alone . she browse a menu title " semantic study . " select a file . a error message come back : file deleted . she try the next file , and the next . the result be always the same : file deleted . ada pace around she office , scowling in troubled think . int . staging room - dusk vance bolt a new id plate to the staging room wall . it read shadow 16 . he step back , look at the array of name . sixteen dead man . a movement catch he eye . he turn he head to find ada watch he from the corridor , ghostly in she gray coat . when he catch she eye , she hurry away . vance 's quarter - night vance sit at he holography table . the map of erix lie before he . he trace the path of he shadows ... past the fatality marker of shadows 16 ... 17 ... 18 . shadow 18 die just half a kilometer from crawler Three . vance stare thoughtfully at the map . tap it with he stylus , zoom out . the outline of continent and finally the curvature of the planet become visible . he rotate the planet , study it : rust -color land , dark river drain into darker seas ... pale desert , mountain range , polar icecaps . all wreathe in smoky cloud . the doorbell chime . vance switch the map back to he tactical view . open the door to find ada . ada what if you get the repair do and go back to the Marines ? 78 . vance then I 'il be where I belong . ( gently ) but I 'il miss you . ada I have be a coward . marbeck tell I to stay away from you , and I do . she step into the room , and into he arm . they kiss gain momentum fast . he press she back onto the holography table , lay she body across the crag and valley of erix . the landscape crackle and spark beneath she as he open she gray coat . vance 's quarter - bedroom vance and ada lie entangle , sweat shine on they skin . ada pillow she head on vance 's shoulder . ada I think when you leave , I be leave too . vance really ? ada I would have to apply to leave the project . but I think they would have to let I out . vance twist around to look she in the eye . vance where would you go ? ada I do not know . ( shyly ) where will you be ? vance grin at she . vance ( teasing ) Mars , probably . ( she face fall , and he nuzzle she ) but I be overdue for some shore leave . maybe I will hang around Earth for a while . 79 . she smile in the dark . ada maybe you should . staging room - night vance pull ada down the stair from he quarter . they have throw clothes on but they be still muss from bed . vance look mischievous ; ada wear a mystify smile . ada where be we go ? vance lead ada to he empty armor . he hold he armor 's remote control up to she mouth . vance say hello to Athena . ada ( into remote ) hello , Athena . ( to vance ) what 's the idea ? vance I have be have Athena listen to you whenever you be around . ada why ? vance ( take the remote ) Athena . system check . Athena speak - and she voice sound just like ada now , with a electronic burr . athena 's voice power at one hundred percent . sensor array online and nominal . no weapon rig ... ada ( in wonder ) she sound like I ! vance next time I go to erix , I take you with I . 80 . int . prometheus project - staging room - morning vance suit up for a transition to erix . he wear the gleam prototype weaponry . the badge on he helmet and shoulder read vance 19 . transport facility vance cross the catwalk to the transport chamber . from the Control room , director marbeck watch he . marbeck ( over loudspeaker ) Captain . perhaps you will succeed this time . vance or die try . transport chamber the chamber door close , sealing vance inside . dynamos throb and howl . a boom . lightn strike inside the tiny chamber . the chamber door open , revealing : the jungle of erix reflected in shadow nineteen 's visor . his eye widen in horror and astonishment . shadow nineteen ( in disbelief ) erix . I be shadow nineteen . int . prometheus project - staging room ( earth ) vance climb out of he armor . ada stand by he . ada how long will it be , do you think ? vance shadow eighteen last eleven day . 81 . int . transport chamber ( erix ) shadow nineteen stand in the open chamber , stare out at erix . like a sleepwalker he press the door switch . the chamber close . seal he once more in a bright cocoon , too small to move in . he close he eye . swallow hard . reaches for the door switch . hesitates . let he hand fall . he lean he head on the door . shadow nineteen I do not want to die . athena 's voice Captain ? it 's ada 's voice . he 's still for a long moment , he eye squeeze shut . shadow nineteen nineteen . I be shadow nineteen . come on , conrad . be a Marine . he stand straight . square he shoulder . open the door . ext . prometheus ground station - morning the battle of eighteen shadows have transformed the terrain : a crater field strewn with break armor and alien bone . athena 's voice Satellite network acquire . on he visor , Athena mark the break shape of previous shadows half - bury in the earth . athena 's voice Marines down . shadow nineteen I know , I know . the track beat into the jungle by the crawler be narrower than before - overgrown . shadow nineteen step out of the chamber . all around prometheus , predator forage among the bone . athena 's voice multiple target income . 82 . shadow nineteen explode into movement , run for high ground . predator give chase . he strafe they with he laser rifle : crackling beam of white light . predator fall dead . tree topple in the jungle . it 's a hell of a gun . ext . wood ( erix ) - day shadow nineteen be on the run , hound by spider that slash at he with curve blade . his armor show damage : shallow notches and cut . he 's exhaust , panting , drench in sweat . he turn and face the spider . raise he grenade launcher . boom . boom . the antimatter explosion be blind . two blast tear hole in the jungle , annihilate spider . but more keep come ... they number be incredible . athena 's voice target inside minimum range . shadow nineteen God damn . he strafe the nearest spider with he rifle and run . he splashes into a stream : the spider rear back , hissing , and will not enter the liquid . shadow nineteen look down . the stream be full of translucent worm , big as rattlesnake . they suck at he armor . he lift a worm in he hand , experimentally . it bite harmlessly at he armor . after a moment he drop it . spider leap over he head to the opposite bank . they slash at he from both bank , nearly reach he . he submerge himself in the stream . under the surface , he watch the spider search for he and straggle away . shadow nineteen 's breathe slow . he settles into a more comfortable position on the stream bottom . the eerie worm slide silently past , ignore he . shadow nineteen Athena . Mission time . athena 's voice six hour , forty - nine minute . shadow nineteen I be go to rest . keep watch . if I sleep , wake I in ninety minute . athena 's voice ninety minute . shadow nineteen close he eye . int . prometheus project - vancea quarter ( earth ) - nig ! vance , sleep in he narrow bed , wake beside ada . she caress he , she bare arm gleam in the half - light . ada can not stop think . vance about what ? ada the project . I be a biologist , and somehow I end up kill thing for a live . vance do not torture yourself about it . they launch prometheus before you be bear . a faraway look come into ada 's eye . her voice take of : electronic tone . ada hazardous contact . vance what ? when she speak again , she voice be clearly Athena 's . ada critical strain on suit . ada slide she arm around he . her leg lock around he thigh . her expression be inhuman , intense . she kiss hi violently - it 's the act of a predator . ext . stream ( erix ) - day shadow nineteen slam awake in the alien water . 83 . ht nm a m 84 . a spine serpent coil around he in a grotesque parody of ada 's embrace . it bite at he visor , etching the glass . shadow nineteen , freeing he machete , hack through the serpent 's coil . worm swarm over the serpent 's corpse . shadow nineteen struggle out of the stream . cliff - dusk shadow nineteen reach the base of the cliff . the body of shadow ten lie on the rock , break by a devastating fall . he stand stare at the shattered body , haunt . shake it off . look up at the tower wall , a thousand meter of sheer rock . cliff face - dusk he ascend in a series of climb and rocket - assist jump . a STORM begin : fierce wind and a viscous black rain . he climb on as darkness fall . exhausted , he come to a ledge in the cliff face where previous shadows have burn they signature into the rock : shadow 7 ... shadow 11 ... shadow 15 . ext . cliff face - morning shadow nineteen wake on the ledge . his eye open on the awesome sight of the churn jungle far below . he 's about to resume climb when he turn back , burn he name on the stone : shadow 19 . ext . clifftop - day shadow nineteen climb into view , panting , to find a ... highland plain cover with pale green wave grasses : serene and beautiful . wing creature wheel gracefully overhead . he pause there and catch he breath : a moment of peace . 85 . then he take a step forward - and the grass itself clutches at he , scratch he armor . he leap back , tear himself loose . he spot a message burn into the rock : grass kill . burn it . shadow 8 shadow nineteen turn he flamethrower on the grass . it withdraw into the ground , bare a circle of earth that expands across the plain like ripple in a pond , revealing : a litter of alien bone and a suit of ravaged armor whose id plate read vance 6 . suddenly the grass sprout anew . double its height . tripling it . the long blade beat at shadow nineteen . he flee along the cliff . rocky waste - night a wasteland of crack clay studd with stone outcrop . lightn flicker overhead . shadow nineteen cross the waste at a run , he armor 's floodlight feeble in the vast darkness . he carry he rifle and grenade launcher . breathe hard . dripping sweat . athena 's voice bogey income , five o'clock . shadow nineteen spin , fire a grenade high . it explode , a white sunburst . wing creature fall away in flame . for a moment the wasteland be illuminate . strange shape move closer through the darkness . athena 's voice Seven grenade remain . shadow nineteen run on . pass a rock formation , he slide into a long , skid stop . turn he light on the rock . a message be burn above a crevice : shelter . athena 's voice bogey income , eight o'clock . ten o'clock . four o'clock ... shadow nineteen scramble for the crevice . 86 . cave under the rock shadow nineteen squirm inside : a tight fit . turn to survey the tiny cave , shadow nineteen gasp in shock : a dead marine sit in he floodlight beam . the id tag on the batter armor read vance 9 . shadow nine 's eye stare through a break visor . vermin scuttle inside he helmet . dried blood paint the cave floor . o.s. a scrabbling noise . something outside try to get in . scimitar claw probe the cave entrance and withdraw . shadow nineteen sit , keep he rifle on the cave mouth and eyeing shadow nine . the corpse stare back . shadow nineteen what be you look at ? int . prometheus project - governing council chamber - day ( earth ) vance , sit alone in the Council chamber , study a map of erix in the big hologram table . scientist Larson join he . peer at the map : shadow eighteen 's death marker flash . larson eighteen get close . nineteen 's there now ? vance almost a week . larson Long time to spend fight . vance Men have fight longer ... but not like this . Larson look conflict . finally he speak . larson you ask I once how we keep prometheus a secret . vance ( suddenly alert ) that 's right . larson when prometheus be complete , the Design Committee come back to Earth on a shuttle . the construction crew follow on a transport ship . vance pick up on Larson 's grim tone . vance what happen ? larson we lose contact with the transport . it miss turnaround and shot past Earth . fell into the sun with three thousand soul . vance my god. ( he stare at Larson ) you think that be no accident . larson it keep we secret very well . vance take that in grimly . vance why be you tell I this now ? larson you be close to succeed . when you do , you will no longer be useful . you will be in danger . I be worried about ada , too . she 's repeat Martin 's research . if she find what he find , she could be remove as well . vance be start to take this seriously . vance " remove ? " larson Martin be officially " reassign . " but he 's no longer list in the ssa directory , and he phone number do not work . most likely he 's ina cell somewhere . he may be dead . ( off vance 's stare ) do you understand now where you be ? what kind of place ? 87 . 88 . vance what do Martin caul find ? larson he do not tell I . and now I can not ask he . cave under the rock - hour later still lean against the cave wall , shadow nineteen sleep . he 's turn he armor 's floodlight off : only dim instrument light illuminate he face . a scrape of metal . Movement in the darkness . a armored hand slide up shadow nineteen 's chest . he wake with a start . shadow nine lean over he , dead eye leer , mouth agape : clutching at he armor . they face be inch apart . shadow nineteen be paralyze by terror . the dead man breathes raggedly . wheezing , grip by a hideous need to communicate . he speak in a ruin voice . shadow nine this world will kill you , and you will kill the world . shadow nineteen ( a desperate whisper ) I be not go to die here . shadow nine you be a circle of death . cave under the rock shadow nineteen wake with a shout . his armor 's floodlight snap on . his rifle whip up , aim at shadow nine . shake . shadow nine slump against the wall , lifeless and inert . shadow nineteen Athena . have that guy move ? athena 's voice no , Captain . that guy be dead . 89 . ext . highland wood - day ( day later ) shadow nineteen stalk at high alert through the undergrowth . he be gaunt , weary , whiskered . his armor carry new scar . his battle - suit motor grind and whine . shadow nineteen Athena . Mission time . athena 's voice six day , fifteen hour . shadow nineteen stimulant . athena 's voice you have exceed recommend dosage ... shadow nineteen override . there 's a hiss . his pupil dilate sharply . he take a rag breath and stand up straighter . highland maze the red sun beat down on a valley of fissure stone . the report of shadow nineteen 's rifle echoe distantly . Far off a flock of winged raptor burst into the air , scream . a sudden explosion as a antimatter grenade detonate in the distance . Stones wheel airborne through the smoke . another blast . and another . shadow nineteen , barely see , work he way through the rocky maze , he movement betrayed by a trail of smoke and ruin . a explosion resound . the echoe reverberate and fade , and silence fall on the valley . rocky hollow shadow nineteen , move stealthily , round a rock outcrop and disturb a giant worm feed on its kill . a armored Worm , with no eye and a complex mouth full of blade . its blind head whip around , questing . shadow nineteen freeze . 90 . the Worm do not budge . a long moment pass . shadow nineteen take a slow step toward the shelter of the rock outcrop . the Worm slither toward he - frighteningly fast . shadow nineteen oh , hell . he raise the grenade launcher . athena 's voice too close . shadow nineteen fire past the Worm . the grenade arc over its head and destroy its kill in a grotesque explosion . athena 's voice grenade deplete . the blast batter the Worm , but it gather itself at once . sniff at the ruin of its dinner . charge shadow nineteen . shadow nineteen drop the empty grenade launcher and shoulder he rifle : fire . Hit the Worm twice , inflict terrible wound , but it do not slow down . its jaw close on the rifle : the rifle crack loudly . spew white plasma . the Worm , scorched , leap back scream : a hideous , unearthly sound . shadow nineteen hastily fling the rifle away . it spin through the air and explode in a sunburst of white light . shadow nineteen turn to face the Worm , draw he machete - too late . the Worm slam into he . they tumble over the ground , grapple . the machete go fly . with he armored hand , shadow nineteen strain to prevent the Worm 's mandible from close on he . pin under the Worm , shadow nineteen plant he foot against its body and fire he jump jets . flame roar from he boot . the Worm recoil , shriek . shadow nineteen roll to he foot . unarm , howling in rage , he meet the Worm head - on and deal blow after blow with he armored fist until black blood coat he gauntlet and the Worm lie slain . ext . clifftop shadow nineteen stand comb through data , scan map . 91 . shadow nineteen Athena . show I the body of other shadows . I need a weapon . in shadow nineteen 's visor , glow marker spring up across the landscape , each mark the death -site of a shadow . shadow nineteen who 's close ? athena 's voice shadow thirteen . a single death marker shine in the highland . beside it , a distance indicator read 3.6 kilometer . shadow thirteen 's last stand shadow nineteen sneak up on the site . he hold he machete in one hand . his flamethrower nozzle jut from he other wrist - he only remain weapon . shadow nineteen Athena . stimulant . a hiss . he shudder and step out into the open . in a clear , shadow thirteen lie slump against a stone . his body bristle with spine sink deep in he armor . around he lie hundred of alien corpse : spiny scorpion dead and break . they crunch under shadow nineteen 's foot . shadow thirteen 's armor and rifle be cover with strange crystal . shield he head , shadow nineteen test - fire the corrode weapon . it explode in he hand . shadow nineteen scream in frustration . athena 's voice damage to right glove . repairing . ext . withered plain - dusk shadow nineteen , crossing hard dry clay and sparse plant life , warily approach a huddle shape . his visor display label the shape : shadow 15 . as he get closer , shadow nineteen discern a fantastic sight : a menagerie of alien creature sit around a hide light . most appear dead . a few breathe but do not move . 92 . still closer . he see a armore marine squatting among the beast : shadow fifteen . a rifle discard at he foot . thin needle tendril have emerge from the ground at shadow Fifteen 's foot , creep up he leg , and find entrance through he armor 's chestplate . a skull stare out of the helmet . all the creature be snare and pierce by this tendril . shadow nineteen shield he eye from the light . he grope toward the fall rifle . get close , he glance up at the dead marine - and see light reflect in the dead man 's visor . entrance by the reflection , he lower he hand . a brighter light tug at the corner of he eye , and he look at the true source . a beautiful glowing orb atop a vegetable stalk . shadow nineteen approach it . step into the ring of creature , stare , hypnotize . he drop into a crouch , just like shadow Fifteen . Fine needle - tip grow from the soil around he boot . ext . withered plain - night shadow nineteen have not move . athena 's voice Captain . you be dehydrated . his drink tube nudge he lip inside he helmet . shadow nineteen do not drink . Water drip down he chin . athena you be suffer muscle cramp , Captain . injecting muscle relaxant . a hiss . his lip move , faintly , but he do not speak . he stare into the light . Fine tendril wind around shadow nineteen 's leg and quest upward . they needle - tip search for weak point . across from shadow nineteen , a alien corpse collapse , gut by vampiric tendril . and over the alien corpse ... ..- a impossible apparition stand : 93 . a black - cloak figure - as if the angel of death itself have come to watch shadow nineteen die . ext . ssa headquarters - rooftop - night ada and vance stand huddle against the wind in the corner of the roof . they wear overcoat : winter have come to New Washington . ada Three thousand dead ! vance that 's what Larson say . the whole construction crew . ada 's outrage harden into determination . ada I be go to find out what Martin discover . vance I do not think that 's smart . ada it do not matter . I need to know . ext . withered plain - day ( erix ) shadow nineteen crouch in the ring of alien . his lip be crack , he eye bloodshot . he breathes in shallow gasp . there be no sign of the mysterious cloak figure who stand watch before . athena 's voice Captain . you must wake up . Captain . Captain vance . injecting stimulant . a hiss . shadow nineteen 's pupil dilate . his breath catch , but resume its shallow rhythm . athena 's voice Captain ... you must ... Athena trail off - as if even she be surrender hope . the tendril entangle shadow nineteen grope at the chestplate of he armor . 94 , suddenly shadow fifteen collapse : the tendril have stripped he skeleton and gut he armor . he fall apart with a horrible clatter of metal and bone . shadow nineteen 's eye flicker to the fall figure . he read he own name on the armor . a precious moment of lucidity . shadow nineteen ( huskily ) Athena . blackout . his visor go opaque . shadow nineteen fall to the ground . slowly tear free of the tendril , he limb in agony . shadow nineteen Athena , you see the light ? athena yes , Captain . shadow nineteen do not let I see that light . tell I when I be face away . he turn on hand and knee . athena the light be behind you now . shadow nineteen crawl a few foot , attempt to get to he foot . he 's too weak . shadow nineteen help I stand up . his armor 's motor whine . mechanically , like a puppet , shadow nineteen stand . shadow nineteen let 's walk . shadow nineteen trudge away , he step stiff and robotic . rock outcrop shadow nineteen sit shaking in the shelter of stone . shadow nineteen food . Water . a arm inside he helmet press a food pellet to he lip . he eat it . his water tube extend , and he drink . 95 . shadow nineteen stimulant . athena 's voice it 's dangerous to ... shadow nineteen override . stimulant . hiss . shadow nineteen gulp air . his tooth chatter . shadow nineteen show I the next shadow 's location . I need a weapon . a pointer appear on he visor display : the distance indicator read 14.1 kilometer . athena 's voice shadow fourteen . highland jungle shadow nineteen , still shaky , prowl into a stand of tree . he carry he machete and flamethrower at the ready - the only weapon he have leave . shadow nineteen stimulant . athena 's voice you have no more combat stimulant . he almost burst into tear . a alien wolf lunge from the wood in front of he . shadow nineteen chase it off with a billow of flame . athena 's voice flamethrower fuel low . more wolf approach behind he . shadow nineteen throw fire they way . they keep they distance . shadow nineteen fight a retreate action through the wood , keep the pursue wolf - pack at bay with he flamethrower . he back into a ... clearing the wolf - pack stop in its track , wail and keen . 96 . shadow nineteen turn . a giant thorn tree tower here , its blade branch fill with skewer creature . among this monster , crucify on thorns , hang a armore marine . athena 's voice shadow fourteen . shadow fourteen 's rifle be still in he hand . shadow nineteen step warily forward . branch slash at he . he fend they off with the machete and step back , panting . he aim he flamethrower and try to burn the tree . Fire lick weakly from the nozzle and flicker out . athena 's voice flamethrower fuel deplete . the wolf - pack mill at the edge of the clear , watch . shadow nineteen try to reach shadow fourteen by hack and slashing with the machete . the branch be too many and too strong . he retreat , he armor gash and sparking . no gun . no flamethrower . he need a weapon . shadow nineteen Athena . what 's the power read on shadow fourteen 's armor ? athena 's voice power at eighty - seven percent . shadow nineteen what 's my power cell read ? athena 's voice eighty -nine percent . shadow nineteen if I pull my power cell , how long will my backup power last ? athena 's voice thirty second . he stare at shadow fourteen 's body , gaug distance . shadow nineteen when I pull my power cell , give I a countdown to power out . athena 's voice warning : when backup power ... 97 . shadow nineteen no warning . just count down . he pull the power cell from its slot in he chest . Red warning light flash on . athena 's voice thirty second of power remain . shadow nineteen squeeze the power cell in he hand until it crack . White light shine from the fissure . he hurl the leak cell into the heart of the tree . shadow nineteen come on ... the cell explode . the tree , engulf in flame , flail and scream . shadow nineteen shrink away from the deadly limb . athena 's voice twenty second remain . the tree 's thrashing weaken . shadow nineteen wade into the branch , hack with the machete . the die tree rake at he armor . shadow nineteen grab shadow fourteen 's ankle . drag the body down . athena 's voice ten second remain . shadow nineteen pull the dead man 's power cell - as a branch lift he off he foot . the power cell fall to the ground . he fight desperately , chopping with he massive machete . athena 's voice five second . shadow nineteen hack through the branch . fall heavily to the ground . he search frantically for the power cell . athena 's voice four ...three ... he see it ! lunge though the burn branch . athena 's voice two...one ... his hand close around the power cell - just as he power die . he crash to the ground , he armor suddenly a crush iron maiden he cannot lift . 98 . the outside world be muffle , he breathe loud in he own ear . his breath fog he visor . shadow nineteen roar in frustration inside he helmet . the wolf -pack push into the branch . scream with effort , shadow nineteen roll onto he back . a alien wolf sniff at he helmet , drool onto the glass . shadow nineteen 's right arm fight the weight of he armor . pushes the power cell toward the slot in he chestplate . the wolf gnaw at shadow nineteen 's armored throat . involuntarily , shadow nineteen turn he face away from the horrible jaw . a stun sight greet he : ... the apparition have return . the cloak figure stand outside the tree , watch he . and this time shadow nineteen see it . for a split second he stare in astonishment . then he close he eye . clench he tooth in concentration : the power cell skid toward the slot ...miss ...hang ... and slide home . his armor hum back to life . he reach up . take the wolf 's head in he hand and twist . there 's a horrible crack , and it fall limp . shadow nineteen seize shadow fourteen 's rifle and rake the wolf - pack with energy bolt . they scatter into the jungle . he look around . no sign of the cloak figure he glimpse during he struggle . quickly he scavenge shadow fourteen 's jump - jet fuel ... ammunition ... food pellet ... water and oxygen tank . ext . luminous grove - night shadow nineteen enter a orchard of glowing tree . insect flutter around they , feed and hunt one another . the scene be beautiful and calm . shadow nineteen look around cautiously , he rifle sweeping with he eye . nothing dangerous appear . he sit against a rock in the middle of the clear , watch the dance light . 99 , int . prometheus project - archive - night ( earth ) ada lead vance through a dimly light storage facility . they pass a tall rack of massive glassy disc . they speak in undertone . vance what be this ? ada prometheus use the transporter to send copy of its memory home . that 's how we get data from erix . we be look for smaller one ... here . a second rack of glassy disc seem to extend for mile . ada backup of the core computer . she drift down the rack , scan serial number . stop . ada this be the one . I think it might not be here . footstep down the aisle . vance pull ada around the corner , behind a rack of shelf . they hold they breath . a archivist pass , yawn . when he 's go they emerge again . ada take the data disc off the shelf . ada the file Martin work on in he last day here be all delete . but the file should still be here on the backup . it 's holographic storage - impossible to edit . vance so how do we read it without set off any alarm ? ada we need a mainframe that 's not connect to the network . and I know where to find one . 100 . ext . luminous grove - morning ( erix ) lean against the rock , shadow nineteen wake . the insect be go . the tree have withdraw they luminous frond . he rise and stretch , show some of he former vigor . burn a message on the rock he sleep against : safe . cliff shadow nineteen reach the clifftop : a sweeping vista of the jungle below . for the first time he see crawler three . his visor magnify the image : a metal monstrosity squatting in the jungle . wing creature circle it like crow . his visor give the distance : 18.1 kilometer . cliff face shadow nineteen climb down . lose he grip , he slide down a sheer face . fire he jet . land safely on a lower ledge . athena 's voice jump jet fuel low . lowland jungle shadow nineteen run through the wilderness , rifle raise . a tentacle reach down from the jungle canopy . he sever it with a blast of gunfire and run on . a massive animal rear up in he path . he gun it down without wait to see its intention . run on . the GREEN road lung heaving , shadow nineteen stumble out of the jungle into the wide track leave by crawler Three . in the beat track , GREEN earth - life grow , a mossy highway through the alien forest . nothing move on the green road . he follow the trail toward the crawler in peace . he pass alien creature dead at the green road 's edge , they skin overgrown with green patch like a plague . 101 . the GREEN road - hilltop cresting a rise , shadow nineteen see crawler three , two kilometer away . the giant machine be freeze in its track , halfway up a hill . shadow nineteen Athena . display last location of shadows seventeen and eighteen . his visor display two marker on the road in front of he . shadow nineteen ( muse ) something between here and there . GREEN road - site of shadow seventeen 's death shadow nineteen , at high alert , approach the spot where shadow seventeen 's death marker hover in he visor display . there 's nothing to see on the ground . shadow nineteen seventeen die here . Athena , scan for hardware . athena 's voice no hardware detect . shadow nineteen look around , bewilder . shadow nineteen where would he go ? GREEN road - site of shadow eighteen 's death follow the green road , shadow nineteen make a astonish discovery : a line of pole march across the landscape . mounted atop the pole be the skull of various bizarre creature . the skull be inscribe with symbol and alien character . where the green road cross this border , several pole lie crush and flatten in crawler Three 's track . shadow nineteen inspect one of the skull , but can make no sense of the write there . his eye be wide with astonishment and confusion . breathe hard , he walk across the border . 102 . athena 's voice Marines down . a marker appear on he visor display . shadow nineteen approach a dark shape on the ground . side by side , shadow seventeen and shadow eighteen lie dead in the green muck . arm and leg outstretch . they weapon lie beside they , break to piece . the dead man 's armor be riddled with neat triangular puncture . bare skull inside the helmet . athena 's voice target , twelve - o'clock . he look up . a black -cloaked figure stand in the green road . barring he way . shadow nineteen freeze in terror . it 's a impossible sight . shadow nineteen ( with superstitious dread ) who 's there ? the cloak figure cock its head at he . with its foot - hide under its cloak - it draw a line across the ground . shadow nineteen what be you ? it speak . a guttural clatter of sound . shadow nineteen stare . at the line in the earth . at the figure . he point down the green road toward crawler Three . shadow nineteen I be go to the crawler . I be go past you . the cloak figure tremble . speak again : inhuman sound . it redraw its line in the earth , cut a deeper furrow . shadow nineteen tap he own chest and point down the road . and the cloak figure open its wing : revealing a preying - mantis shape with sickle limb . it 's a alien be , not a supernatural one . its slim body be armored in metallic scale . its claw be adorn with ornament of twisted wire , glint with jewel . its large eye be strangely beautiful : iridescent like opal , color play across they . 103. the mantis raise its arm and beat the air - as if to say , stay back . with a gasp , shadow nineteen raise he gun , he hand shaking . the mantis take flight , too fast to hit . it land beside the road . furl its wing . once more take on the appearance of a cloak figure : a cosmic coincidence . it chiteer . from its cowl a triangular tusk jut and withdraw . shadow nineteen glance at the triangular puncture in the armor of shadow seventeen and shadow eighteen . he run toward crawler Three . the mantis pursue he . athena 's voice incoming , six - o'clock . shadow nineteen spin and fire . the mantis veer away . athena 's voice incoming . shadow nineteen bound off the ground on he jump jet . the mantis barely miss he . he fire mid-air . it spiral around he , impossible to hit . he land and run on . he reach crawler Three . rocket up the side of the crawler . athena 's voice incoming , five - o'clock . he twist in the air , fire . and he jet sputter out . strain for the top of the crawler , shadow nineteen fall short . cling with one hand to the crawler 's side . athena 's voice jet fuel deplete . he slap he rifle into its clamp . with both hand , he climb desperately . the mantis be shouting at he - strange syllable carry on the wind . 104 . atop the crawler shadow nineteen reach the top . scramble onto the deck . the top of the crawler be cover with alien write : unreadable pictogram scratch into the armor plate . shadow nineteen have no time to take this athena 's voice incoming . shadow nineteen spin to face the mantis . too late . he draw he machete - - but the mantis slam into he like a live missile , and the machete clatter away . they struggle . the mantis lock its barb leg around he . thrust its tusk through he helmet into he neck . shadow nineteen scream . pushes at the thin powerful body . slowly he force the tusk out of he neck . blood spatter he visor from the inside . unable to free himself from the mantis 's serrate arm , shadow nineteen lock he arm around the creature 's thin powerful body - and squeezy with all he might . his armor 's motor 's whine . there be a ghastly crack , and the mantis fall dead . shadow nineteen struggle to he knee , choke on blood . he swing he helmet back in the toxic atmosphere . slap a field bandage on he neck . apply a emergency patch to he helmet . he put he helmet back on . shadow nineteen purge . jet of white gas hiss from the suit . wind whip he hair inside the helmet . shadow nineteen inhale greedily . for the first time he see the write on the crawler . he stare with bloodshot eye and can not make sense of it . the beetle-like communication module loom above he . 105 . instead of the rag tear from the mock - up on Earth , the armored dome carry a row of triangular puncture , surround by hex sign and inscription . the mantis 's work . he pull back the puncture dome to reveal the familiar repair job . athena 's voice multiple target income . he turn . wing mantise be circle : rag black phantom against the fiery sky . Three of they land atop the crawler . they shout at he in they strange tongue : jarring sound . shadow nineteen snatch up he fall machete . brandish the blade . shadow nineteen ( hoarsely ) get away from I ! his amplify voice thunder . the alien stand they ground . they flicker closer . shadow nineteen see the mantise be stand atop the hatch - cover of the crawler 's missile well . he gesture : he toolkit extend from he armor . turn he back on the angel , he begin the repair . shadow nineteen Athena . running range to nearest target . athena 's voice four meter . shadow nineteen work feverishly . pant . his hand shake . athena 's voice Three meter . he clenches he hand , shake they loose . keeps work . athena 's voice two meter . one meter . contact . he pull he machete and slashes behind he . mantise burst away from he like a flock of crow - and dive back , claw rake at he . 106 . with one hand he hack and slashes at the alien , keep they at bay . with the other he work at the repair . spark fly from he batter armor . his blade , streak with black blood , never stop slashing . he complete the repair . crawler Three rumble into motion , resume its slow crawl up the hill . tree sway and topple under its tread . the mantise scream in protest . the hatch -cover of the missile well slam open . four giant rocket launch , immersing the crawler in fire . the mantise shrivel and burn . shadow nineteen curl into a ball , he armor bath in flame . when the fire pass , shadow nineteen remain , smoking but safe in he blacken armor . he rise shakily . watch the rocket arc away across the sky in four different direction . a pall of smoke hang over the hill . int . prometheus project - storage facility - day ( earth ) a dark cavernous space fill with mothball equipment . ada pull a dust - cover off a massive computer . vance stand beside she , a coiled power cord sling over he shoulder . ada this be the old bio-simulator . too valuable to throw away , too classified to let anyone use it . there 's power over there . vance plug the machine in . ada insert the disc , tap at the terminal . in a moment the display fill with light . ada navigate a dense directory : thousand of file . ada in he last day here , Martin do almost all of he work in this program . " semantic Survey 3.1 " . she touch control . in hologram : the globe of erix appear . the view shift from one spot on the planet to another . spark of light swarm over the surface in rapidly change pattern . 107 . graph and data readout surround the planet . vance what be it ? ada ( fascinate ) it 's a program base on the work I do for you . but much more sophisticated . see , if you watch animal move around long enough , you can figure out how much information they be exchange . you watch fish swim in a school , they do a small amount of coordination . you watch a beehive , and you can tell the bee have a crude language . then you watch people move around a city , and over time they movement imply complex language . Higher intelligence . ada sort through species rapidly . each one have a different fingerprint on the planet 's surface - different reading on the semantic index : all low number . suddenly the number jump , high up the scale . the new movement pattern on erix be stun : a complex web of light embrace the whole planet . ada gasp in amazement . ada this be what Martin caul find . species 8429 . vance they talk ? ada this be high - order language . this be a civilization . ext . jungle - atop crawler three - day ( erix ) crest the hilltop , tree -trunk snap like cannon shot . the smoke clear . tree fall away . atop the crawler , shadow nineteen look down in shock at ... a mantis CITY under the jungle canopy , twisted tower of dark plaster rise out of the ground like smokestack . irregular window glow with a pale red light . 108 . tunnel snake between the tower : a maze on the forest floor . a organic city . a hive . mantise look out from the tower . hood figure row on row . they wheel and soar over the city : darting into tunnel , erupting from the tower ' mouth . the crawler churn down the hill toward the city . huge tree topple under its tread . branch scrape at shadow nineteen as the crawler descend among the tower tree . alien inscription cover the mammoth trunk . a barricade surround the mantis city - a spiky thicket of alien tooth and bone . the crawler grind over the barricade . a great lamentation rise from the city : a cacophony of shriek and beat wing . mantise swarm from the city and fling themselves at crawler Three . by the hundred they strain to hold the crawler back with the strength of they body - and the crawler drive they back and crush they under its tread . shadow nineteen look down in horror . shadow nineteen what be I do ? ( shouting ) Athena ! guidance control . stop the crawler ! stop it now ! he look up . the rocket 's contrail arch away across the sky : the rocket hurtle toward the horizon . shadow nineteen scramble to the top of the comm module . he lift he rifle and sight on a rocket . shadow nineteen 's Pov : a target reticle appear over the rocket in he visor display . Range , velocity , windage . he fire . and again . and again . a moment pass . the rocket explode in a distant fireball . he sight on another rocket and fire three round . it detonate : the fireball hang in the sky . 109 . he aim at a third rocket ... too late . the remain two rocket have vanish over the horizon . shadow nineteen damn it ! with a vast sigh of machinery , the crawler stop . silence fall on the forest . a roar of wing . mantise rise from the city like a cyclone . they fill the branch - thousand of watch figure . a mantis shout from within the city . the haunt cry echoe eerily among the silent tower . another voice join the outcry , and another . soon a thousand voice be raise in tumult . a riot of sound . shadow nineteen ( shake ) Athena . show I navigation . we be turn this thing around . prometheus ground station prometheus 's antennas pivot to receive a message . a boom like a thunderclap inside the giant ship . lightn stab upward into the turbulent cloud . int . prometheus project - control room - day ( earth ) monitor light up . electricity dance over the transporter . scientist banneker look up from he instrument . banneker transmission ! he stride to the terminal , scan the data . banneker the repair 's complete ! crawler Three be run . Launch be success ... ( horror replace the elation in he face ) oh , no . no ! corridor vance and ada hurry along , talk in whisper , agitate . 110 . ada this be first contact . we have find a alien civilization - and we be slaughtering they . we be poisoning they world . if we do not stop this , we be go to regret it forever . vance all right . ada what do we do ? vance we will go for my armor . once I be wear it , nobody can stop I . and then I will get we out of here . as they approach the staging room , vance quicken he step . ada we can not let this happen . I have to let someone ... staging room full of guard . ada ...know . the guard ' pistol come across the staging room , sight on a elevator . he up . vance and ada freeze . vance 's armor locker sink out of watch it go in dismay . the guard part to let director marbeck and banneker through . marbeck 's face be a mask of rage . director marbeck shadow nineteen have repair crawler Three . vance so what 's with all ... director marbeck he sabotage the mission . half the rocket destroy ! vance he do ? director marbeck do not play the innocent with I . you do this . this monstrous thing . ( to banneker ) lock he up . 111 . the guard seize vance and drag he out under banneker 's gloat eye . director marbeck ( to ada ) and you . do you help to plan this ? ada ( bitterly ) I wish I have . where 's Martin caul ? director marbeck his heart fail he . but you heart must not fail . the ocean program have lose two rocket . I need you expertise to compensate for the damage . the terraforming effort depend on it . ada the terraforming effort have to stop . you know what Martin find . director marbeck it 's time you take the crown , ada . it may help you see thing clearly . ada no . director marbeck beckon to he guard . int . storage cell Guards shove vance into a empty steel - wall room . turn back , vance confront banneker in the doorway . banneker I hope you enjoy you conspiracy . it will be the end of you . and ada will face she own consequence . vance what consequence ? banneker remove he cap . his cybernetic crown gleam . 112. banneker as we speak , she 's become one of we at last . vance the hell she be . banneker smile . the door begin to close . like lightning , vance reach out , grab banneker 's coat . yank the scientist into the slide door 's path . the door bounce open again . vance charge out . hammer banneker into the wall . banneker drop , limp . Three guard in the hallway draw they pistol hastily . vance be a demon among they . a quick flurry of blow and close- quarter gunfire . int . medical complex a sterile facility : white enamel and cold steel . ada lie strapped into a terrifying apparatus : a coronation machine . she wear a flimsy hospital gown . her head be secure in a metal clamp . above she hang the cybernetic crown she will soon wear forever . she twist at she restraint in vain . a old physician in a scarlet coat begin to shave she head . ada please do not do this . please do not do this . the physician wince but stay the course . ada 's beautiful lock drop to the floor . physician shhh . a sudden commotion . a Agency Guard stagger into the room , slam into the wall and collapse . vance charge in . he rush to ada . shove the physician aside , he work at the strap that hold she down . vance ada . I be here . it 's all right . 113 . ada conrad ! oh , hurry . look out ! the old physician press a instrument to vance 's neck . it hiss . vance jump as if bitten . physician you 'il be no more trouble . vance knock the physician out with one punch . but already he look woozy . vance 's leg buckle . he drop to he knee , fumble at ada 's restraint . his face be inch from hers . ada stay awake . conrad . please ... vance ada ... he collapse . ext . prometheus ground station - dawn ( erix ) prometheus tower over the jungle . a deep rumble . foliage crash down . crawler Three roll into the clear . it churn to a stop beside its mother ship . atop the crawler armor plate have be warpe into a crude bunker . the weld metal tear open . shadow nineteen climb out . ext . prometheus ground station - transporter the transporter 's massive door rumble open to reveal the small bright chamber . shadow nineteen step in . shadow nineteen Athena . overlay tech specs . in he visor 's head - up display , a wireframe circuit diagram be superimpose on the chamber wall . he open a panel , revealing complex control . 114 . int . prometheus project - transport facility - day ( earth ) scientist banneker talk to grey -coat technician in the vast transporter cavern . suddenly , electricity crackle over the transporter . klaxon howl . the technician flee . banneker stand he ground . a resounding boom . the transport chamber open . shadow nineteen step out . his rifle rest in its clamp on he thigh . banneker vance ! shadow nineteen open he visor , breathes clean air . he approach banneker across the catwalk . shadow nineteen I have to come back . banneker concentrate . the catwalk withdraw , separate shadow nineteen and banneker from the transporter . the heavy steel door of the Transport facility slam shut . shadow nineteen listen to I . banneker sweep the room with furious eye . in unison , four security cannon aim at shadow nineteen . shadow nineteen ( shouting ) wait ! the cannon FIRE . bullet tear at he , throw shower of spark from he armor , leave gouge in the metal . his visor slam shut . stagger under the onslaught , he pull he rifle and fire , destroy one cannon . another . banneker flee . the staging room door open for he . shadow nineteen pound after he . staging room banneker glance at the staging room door . it slam shut . 115 . shadow nineteen slide into the close door . the steel slab pin he against the frame . on the far side , the security cannon rake at he armor , throw spark . he strain . the door grind back . he slide through . banneker gesture . two security cannon drop from the staging room ceiling . shadow nineteen blast they into shrapnel . banneker be catch in the open , at gunpoint . he freeze . shadow nineteen there be city on erix . it 's inhabit . banneker roll he eye in contempt . banneker not for long . shadow nineteen ( astound ) you know ! banneker you idiot . a floor hatch open beside shadow nineteen . the floor beneath he slam into motion - it 's a conveyor belt - and fling he into the pit . as shadow nineteen climb out , the hatch cover close on he , clamping he in place . banneker gloat nearby - until shadow nineteen 's rifle swing that way . a platform rise between they : shadow nineteen 's rifle fire tear into the platform as banneker duck for cover . shadow nineteen wrench himself free of the floor hatch . Racing around the platform , he draw a bead on banneker ... but the staging room crane swoops out of the shadow . seize he in its claw , pin he gun arm to he side . athena 's voice critical strain on suit . unable to break free , shadow nineteen see heavy bolt on the hinge of the claw . with he free arm he extrude he toolkit . banneker grin wickedly . the heavy crane smashes shadow nineteen against the wall . shadow nineteen work desperately . 116 . a bolt spin out of the crane 's hinge . one finger of the claw fall off , freeing shadow nineteen 's gun hand . he shoot into the crane 's hydraulics , and the metal arm go limp . freed , shadow nineteen land on he foot . a freight platform tip , bury he in massive metal crate . banneker smile in triumph ... but shadow nineteen rise from the wreckage , a crate hold overhead . he hurl the crate at banneker with a roar of animal rage . the crate crush banneker against the wall . the room fall silent . shadow nineteen roll the heavy crate away from banneker 's body . banneker , break and die , gasp for air . banneker ( a whisper ) you be not even suppose to exist . banneker 's breath stop . his eye stare at nothing . shadow nineteen but I do . he turn , make he way painfully across the room . his armor 's motor whine as he move . shadow nineteen Athena . mayday beacon . athena 's voice mayday beacon on . a red light begin to flash on he armor 's chestplate . corridor scientist Larson look up in alarm as red emergency light begin to flash all along the hallway . the security cannon at the corner explode . Larson cringe . shadow nineteen step out of the smoke in he batter armor . he recognize Larson and he rage subside . larson conrad ! how do you ... he see the haggard face behind the visor . whisker , spatter with dry blood . he understand . 117 . larson ( in wonder ) you be on erix . what do you see ? no , there 's no time . you have to run . they 'il kill you . shadow nineteen they be try . larson they have lock you up , here . they mean to make you disappear . and there 's something else . shadow nineteen what else ? larson ada . medical complex - hospital room ada lie in bed , in a hospital gown . her head be shaven . a cybernetic crown gleam against she scalp . beside the bed hang a master 's black coat and cap . she stare at the coat . scream outside the door . running foot . the door jump in its frame . ada shrink back in she bed . a powerful force tear the door open . shadow nineteen enter , a metal giant . she rush to he . ada conrad ! she see the dry blood on he face , the beard . stop short . ada you be the shadow . you be nineteen . he stare at she bald head : the crown embed in the flesh . shadow nineteen what have they do to you ? she make a futile attempt to cover she head with she hand . ada why do you come back ? shadow nineteen to set thing right . ada. ( he step closer ) ( more ) 118 . shadow nineteen ( cont would ) I never dream they have do this . be you all right ? tear shine in she eye . ada it do not matter , do it ? what 's do be do . shadow nineteen 's face be wrack with guilt . he look anxiously out into the desert medical facility . shadow nineteen we can not stay here . I have be welding door shut , but the guard will come soon . I be go to break myself out . the real I . can you hide until I ... ada shed she hospital gown . put on the black coat . ada I be go with you . shadow nineteen it will not be safe . ada I know where he be . and I can help you now . she place the black skullcap over she crown . corridor shadow nineteen advance down a corridor , rifle raise . one by one , security cannon take aim at they - and one by one , shadow nineteen blow they to shrapnel . they reach a intersection . bullet whine off of shadow nineteen 's armor : Guards approach down the crossing corridor . shadow nineteen fire back , he rifle bark . ada gesture : Doors slam shut between they and the guard . shadow nineteen how long can you keep that up before they revoke you privilege ? ada they already have . I be use director marbeck 's id . 119 . shadow nineteen ( grin ) Nice . storage room Red alarm light throb . vance pace in he bare metal cell . o.s. gunfire outside the door . heavy footfalls approach . the door slide open . ada enter . vance ada ! they embrace fiercely . Troubled , vance reach for she black skullcap . she shrink away . ada do not. please . listen . there 's someone outside the door . he 's go to help we . corridor shadow nineteen stand watch in the corridor . a guard lie unconscious at he foot . ada emerge from the cell . vance follow warily . vance and shadow nineteen stand face to face , stare at each other : vance in perfect health , lightly dress - shadow nineteen haggard and wounded , in armor . vance be speechless . shadow nineteen hello , vance . vance ( cautiously ) hello , vance . what 's happen ? shadow nineteen I be get the two of you out . vance and you ? shadow nineteen do not worry about I . I be not even suppose to exist . ada look sharply away down the hallway . 120 . ada someone 's open the door I lock . I be sorry . I be new at this . shadow nineteen let 's head for the roof . can you get we to you freight elevator ? ada I think so . vance crouch and take fall guard 's pistol . vance let 's go . service corridor a desert hallway . the freight elevator door be close . shadow nineteen , ada , and vance arrive at the elevator door . turn , ada concentrate and close a corridor door behind they . ada palm the elevator switch . the floor indicator show the elevator descend from the roof . they wait . vance what happen on erix ? shadow nineteen I see the angel of death . vance and ada stare at shadow nineteen , mystify . shadow nineteen we fight . and I kill it . but it be just ... a creature . a live thing . and then I find a city . a city of this thing . ada you see they ! shadow nineteen they be terrifying . but they be -.- people . I think erix be Hell . but it 's just somebody else 's world . ada look at corridor door in fright . 121. ada someone 's open the door . I can not hold it . shadow nineteen take aim at the door . they watch the elevator 's floor indicator nervously . suddenly a siren sound . a heavy steel security gate begin to close in front of the elevator , sealing it off . shadow nineteen throw himself at the descend gate and heave . the gate stop in he track , its motor whining . very rapidly : the corridor door slide open . ssa guard wait on the other side . vance pull ada behind he . his pistol snap up : he fire several round . two guard fall . other return fire . a bullet slam into vance 's rib . he scream . shadow nineteen , still hold off the security gate , twist in place and fire he laser rifle . it tear a glow furrow in the wall . the guard fall back , shouting . the elevator open . vance struggle in , lean on ada . shadow nineteen dive into the elevator . the security gate slam down . the elevator door close . elevator shaft concrete wall rush past as the freight elevator rise . sound echoe in the confine space . vance sink to the deck . vance I be hit . shadow nineteen roll vance over . the wound be severe , a bloody puncture between the leave rib . shadow nineteen press a battlefield dress over the injury . vance it 's bad . shadow nineteen yeah . vance fumble blindly for ada . she take he hand . ada hang on , conrad . we will get help . 122. she weep . vance be fade fast . a shudder rack he body , and a look of amazement cross he face . vance I be not go to make it . shadow nineteen lean close . shadow nineteen you keep breathe . I have see you dead too many time . vance look at shadow nineteen . his lip barely move . vance it 's only fair . I be the only one who never pay a price . ( weaker still ) it 's all yours now . the life drain out of he . shadow nineteen ( urgently ) Athena . Medical . athena 's voice Medical . he place two fingertip on vance 's chest . a muddy murmur . he tear open the shirt . lay he glove on vance 's rib . shadow nineteen clear ! ada jerk she hand back . a thump as voltage pour through vance 's body . he arch and lie still . ext . ssa headquarters - roof - day a glorious sunset drench the city in light . the freight elevator rise into view and lock into place . shadow nineteen kneel over vance . ada beside he . vance be not breathe . shadow nineteen stand . he seem stunne - he can not take he eye off he own dead body . ada what be you do ? 123. shadow nineteen ( hollowly ) he 's go . ada cry , clutches at vance . shadow nineteen stir . gently pull she away . shadow nineteen ada . he 's go . we have to move . she look at he , paralyze . she 's just watch she lover die , but here he stand in front of she . director marbeck ( 0.s. ) Captain vance . they turn . director marbeck stare down at vance 's body . director marbeck you make this difficult . you dirty my hand . shadow nineteen aim he rifle at marbeck . shadow nineteen you should not have come alone . director marbeck I do not need help to deal with you . he wave contemptuously at shadow nineteen . shadow nineteen 's armor power down . he collapse like a marionette with cut string . he sprawl on he back , unable to move . shadow nineteen Athena . Athena ! director marbeck I have you armor modify , Captain . a precaution . I reserve myself certain privilege . I will tolerate no more ... ada damn you ! she launch herself at marbeck in a two -hande shove that send he staggering . she follow , poise to shove he again . enrage , he grapples with she . fling she to the pavement . she strike she head cry out . marbeck turn back to shadow nineteen - but he armor lie open and empty . shadow nineteen step free in he skinsuit . 124 . shadow nineteen enough . he hammer marbeck across the face with he massive rifle . marbeck stagger and cry out . director marbeck Guards ! Guards ! shadow nineteen back marbeck up against a pillar . his arm tremble under the weight of a rifle mean for power armor . guard swarm onto the rooftop . ada dart to shadow nineteen 's side . marbeck glare at gunpoint , he mouth bleed freely . the guard surround they in a thicket of pistol . director marbeck if you shoot I , they 's 11l kill you . Lay down the gun and live . shadow nineteen you will not let we live . we know what you have do . marbeck glance at shadow nineteen 's tremble arm . director marbeck how long can you bear that weight ? o.s. a rumble . shadow nineteen ( grin in triumph ) Long enough . a shadow fall over they all . marine ( 0.s. ) stand down ! a marine airship hover over the rooftop . six armore marine leap from the airship on jump -jet . they encircle marbeck and he guard , rifle raise . the ssa Guards , so menace a moment ago , suddenly look like child . they drop they weapon . exhausted , shadow nineteen lay he massive rifle down . 125 . director marbeck you be trespasp ! this be a secure facility ! you have no right ! the Marines ' platoon leader step forward . he scan the rooftop : take in vance 's body ; the batter armor lie open ; shadow nineteen in he military skinsuit . platoon leader there 's a Marine distress beacon come from this rooftop , sir . I be require to respond . ( to shadow nineteen ) do you need assistance , sir ? shadow nineteen yes . Captain conrad vance , third offworld division . I need evac right now . I , this woman , and ... ( he hesitates , look at vance lie dead ) ... that Marine . director marbeck this people be in my custody ! shadow nineteen ( to marbeck ) not any more . ( to the platoon leader ) call the police . get they here . and call the office of the Secretary of Defense . tell they conrad vance have a story to tell . director marbeck no ! shadow nineteen let 's get airborne . too many surprise here . the Marines collect vance 's body , the crippled armor . shadow nineteen pull ada toward the airship . director marbeck ( to ada , desperately ) scientist . you be not release ! ada shoot he a cold look . move closer to shadow nineteen . marbeck be unravel , almost snarling . director marbeck Captain ! remember you writ of secrecy ! 126 . shadow nineteen you kill the man who sign it . int . marine airship ( in flight ) - dusk shadow nineteen and ada sit huddle against a bulkhead . armore Marines sit around they . outside , the skyscraper of New Washington slide by . shadow nineteen and ada cling to each other , they eye haunt . he lift a finger . traces the line of she crown . ada I know I be not what I use to be . he pull she closer . shadow nineteen neither be i. ada do not think about it now . for now let 's just be . you be conrad vance . you come home . he stare across a vast distance . shake he head . shadow nineteen I be still there . ada look at he , question . shadow nineteen you can not come home . you can only send you shadow home . ext . prometheus ground station ( erix ) - sunset the lurid sky bathes prometheus in red light . the door open . a armored Marine , he armor blacken by fire , look out in despair at the jungle of erix . the id plate on he armor read vance 19 . predator slink from the undergrowth at the sound of the door , watch he , circle . fade out .