shakespeare in love by Marc norman &amp ; Tom stoppard int . the rose theatre . day . sky . over which a title " london --summer 1593 " appear . title card : in the glory day of the elizabethan theatre two playhouse be fight it out for writer and audience . North of the city be the curtain theatre , home to England 's most famous actor , Richard burbage . across the river be the competition , build by Philip henslowe , a business with a cash flow problem ... ... the Rose ... gradually a building be reveal , the Rose theatre , three - tiere , open to the element and empty . on the floor , roughly print , a poster - - tear , soile , out of date . it say : sept . 7th &amp ; 8 th at noon mr. edward alleyn and the admiral be men at the rose theatre , bankside the lamentable tragedie of the moneylender reveng 'd over this the scream of a man under torture . the scream be come from the curtain stage . voice ( o.s. ) you mongrel ! why do you howl when it be I who be bitten ? int . the rose theatre . stage . day . the theatre owner , phillip henslowe , be the man scream . henslowe be boot be on fire . he be pinion in a chair , with he foot stick out over the hot colas of a fire burn in a brazier . he be be hold in that position by lambert , who be a thug employ by fennyman , who be the owner of the voice . the fourth man , free , be fennyman be bookkeeper . fennyman what be I , Mr. lambert ? lambert bitten , Mr. fennyman . fennyman how badly bitten , Mr. frees ? free twelve pound , one shilling and four pence , Mr. fennyman , include interest . henslowe aaagh ! I can pay you ! fennyman when ? henslowe two week , three at the most , aaaagh ! for pity 's sake . fennyman take he foot out . where will you get free ( the mathematical genius with a notebook ) sixteen pound , five shilling and nine pence fennyman include interest in three week ? henslowe I have a wonderful new play ! fennyman put he foot in . henslowe it 's a comedy . fennyman cut he nose off . henslowe a new comedy . by will Shakespeare ! fennyman and he ear . henslowe and a share . we will be partner , Mr. fennyman ! fennyman ( hesitate ) partner ! henslowe it 's a crowd - tickler - - mistaken identity , a shipwreck , a pirate king , a bit with a dog , and love triumphant . lambert I think I have see it . I do not like it . henslowe this time it be by Shakespeare . fennyman what 's the title ? henslowe Romeo and ethel the pirate 's daughter . fennyman good title . fennyman snap he finger at free and lambert . lambert unty henslowe , free start write a contract . fennyman ( cont 'd ) a play take time . find actor rehearsals let 's say open in three week . that 's -- what -- five hundred groundling at tuppence each , in addition four hundred groundling tuppence each , in addition four hundred backside at three pence -- a penny extra for a cushion , call it two hundred cushion , say two performance for safety how much be that Mr. frees ? free twenty pound to the penny , Mr. fennyman . fennyman correct ! henslowe but I have to pay the actor and the author . fennyman a share of the profit . henslowe there 's never any fennyman of course not ! henslowe ( impressed ) Mr. fennyman , I think you may have hit on something . fennyman slap a contract down on the table next to n ink - pot and quill . fennyman sign here . henslowe take the quill and sign . fennyman ( cont 'd ) Romeo and ethel the pirate 's daughter almost finish ? henslowe without doubt he be complete it at this very moment . int . will be room . day a small cramped space in the eave of a building . a cluttere shelf contain various object , wedge between crumpled piece of paper . among that we have time to observe : a skull , a mug that say a present from stratford -upon -avon . at infrequent interval further piece of crumpled paper be toss towards the shelf . the man who be throw they , will shakespeare , be bent over a table , write studiously with a quill . now we see what he be write : will be practise he signature , over and over again . " will shagsbeard W shakspur William shasper " each time he be dissatisfied , and each time he crumple , and toss it away . suddenly will become impatient . he jump up and go to the loft area in the rafter , where he sleep , and start to pull on he boot . at this point the door open and henslowe walk in . he be out of breath and he foot hurt . henslowe will ! where be my play ? tell I you have it nearly do ! tell I you have it start . ( desperately ) you have begin ? will ( struggle with he boot ) doubt that the star be fire , doubt that the sun doth move henslowe no , no , we have not the time . talk prose . where be my play ? will ( tapping he forehead and head out the door ) it be all lock safe in here henslowe God be praise ! ( then doubt ) lock ? will as soon as I have find my muse ext . STREET . outside will house . day . will life in a crowded area of the city . hawkers be cry they ware , tract - seller , delivery boy , and merchant go about they business . henslowe catch up with will as he stride purposefully along . henslowe ( catch up ) who be she this time ?! will she be always Aphrodite . henslowe Aphrodite baggot who do it behind the Dog and trumpet ? will henslowe , you have no soul so how can you understand the emptiness that seek a soulmate ? henslowe well , I be a dead man and buggere to boot . my theatre be close by the plague this twelve week , my company be play the inn-yard of England , while burbage and the Chamberlain 's Men be invite to court and receive ten pound to play you piece , write for my theatre , by my writer , at my risk when you be green and grateful - will what piece ? Richard crookback ? henslowe no -- it 's comedy they want , will ! Comedy ! like Romeo and ethel ? will who write that ? henslowe nobody ! you be write it for I ! I give you three pound a month since . will half what you owed I . I be still due for one gentleman of verona . ext . another STREET . day henslowe be hardly pause in he appeal . henslowe . . . will ! what be money to you and I ? I , you patron , you my wordwright ! when the plague lift burbage will have a new Christopher marlowe for the curtain and I have nothing for the Rose . will stop . will Mr. henslowe , will you lend I fifty pound ? henslowe ( staggered ) fifty pound ? what for ? will burbage offer I a partnership in the Chamberlain 's Men . for fifty pound my hire player day be over . henslowe cut out my heart ! throw my liver to the dog ! will ( answer for he ) no , then . will turn down a side street . ext . marketplace . day . henslowe and will be crossing a crowded marketplace where a puritan preacher , makepeace , be harangue anyone who will listen . makepeace and the Lord shall smite they ! yea , harken to I . the theatre be handmaiden of the devil ! under the name of the curtain , the player breed lewdness in you wife , rebellion in you servant , idleness in you apprentice and wickedness in you child ! and the Rose smell thusly rank by any name ! I say a plague on both they house ! as he pass will gratefully make a mental note . ext . dr . moth' house . day . will turn into a narrow street and walk toward a doorway . henslowe where be you go ? will to my weekly confession . as henslowe arrive the door close in he face . a sign identify the place as the premise of Dr. moth , apothecary , alchemist , astrologer , seer , interpreter of dream , and priest of psyche . henslowe look puzzle . int . dr . moth' house . day a stuff alligator hang from the ceiling , pill , potion , amulet and charm , star chart and mystic paraphernalia festoon the place . testimonial and frame degree hang on the wall . will lie on a couch , on he back . his eye be close dr . moth sit by the couch , listen to will and occasionally make a note on a pad he hold on he knee . what we have here be nothing less than the false dawn of analysis . the session be be time by a hourglass . will word , word , word once , I have the gift I could make love out of word as a potter make cup out of clay love that overthrow empire , love that bind two heart together come hellfire and brimstone for sixpence a line , I could cause a riot in a nunnery but now dr . moth and yet you tell I you lie with woman ? will seem unwile to respond . dr . moth refer to he note . dr . moth ( cont 'd ) Black Sue , fat Phoebe , rosaline , burbage 's seamstress ; Aphrodite , who do it behind the Dog and will ( interrupt ) aye , now and again , but what of it ? I have lose my gift . dr . moth I be here to help you . tell I in you own word . will I have lose my gift . ( not find this easy ) it 's as if my quill be break . as if the organ of the imagination have dry up . as if the proud tower of my genius have collapse . dr . moth interesting . will nothing come . dr . moth most interesting . will it be like try to a pick a lock with a wet herring . dr . moth ( shrewdly ) tell I , be you lately humble in the act of love ? will turn towards he . how do he know that ? dr . moth ( cont 'd ) how long have it be ? will a goodly length in time past , but lately dr . moth no , no . you have a wife , child the sand run through the hourglass . later not much sand leave . will I be a lad of eighteen . Anne hathaway be a woman , half as old again . dr . moth a woman of property ? will ( shrug ) she have a cottage . one day , she be three month go with child , so dr . moth and you relation ? will on my mother 's side the arden dr . moth no , you marriage bed . will four year and a hundred mile away in stratford . a cold bed too , since the twin be bear . banishment be a bless . dr . moth so now you be free to love will yet can not love nor write it . dr . moth reach for a glass snake bracelet . dr . moth here be a bangle find in psyche 's temple on Olympus cheap at four pence . write you name on a paper and feed it in the snake . will look at the snake bangle in wonder . will will it restore my gift ? dr . moth the woman who wear the snake will dream of you , and you gift will return . word will flow like a river . I will see you in a week . he hold out he hand . will drop a sovereign into it , and take the bracelet . ext . dr . moth' house . day . will come out . henslowe be wait , stand in a horse trough to ease he foot . will walk straight past he , and henslowe follow . henslowe now where ? will ? will to the Palace at whitehall . int . whitehall palace . backstage . day . whitehall mean nothing yet . we be behind close curtain on a stage busy with preparation for the imminent performance of two gentlemen of verona . this be not a theatre but a banquet hall , as we will see . richard burbage be to play " proteus . " a boy player will play " silvia , " and last minute improvement to he makeup etc . be be apply by burbage's mistress rosaline . " launce , " one of the clown , be the famous comedian will kempe . " launce be " dog , crab be in kempe' charge and be not help much . there be no set . a helpful placard read verona --an OPEN place , be ready to hand . musician can be hear tuning they instrument . from the other side of the curtain there be a expectant bubbub . kempe lead the dog into the wing and rummages in a box of proops . he find a skull . he have one foot on the box , he elbow on he knee , he look at the skull in other word he remind we of hamlet . we see this from the Pov of will , who be just enter through a door backstage . will ( approach ) prithee , Mr. kempe , break a leg . you too , good crab . kempe crab be nervous . he have never play the Palace . when will you write I a tragedy , will ? I could do it . will no , they would laugh at seneca if you play it . will be attention have be catch by rosaline , burbage be mistress . rosaline be big breast , dark - eye , dark - haire , sexual . burbage ( to rosaline ) my sleeve want for a button , mistress rosaline , where be my seamstress 's eye ? burbage kiss she mouth and slap she behind . he come over to greet will . burbage ( cont 'd ) there be no dog in the first scene , will kempe , thank you . how go it will ? will I be still owed money for this play , burbage . burbage not from I . I only steal it . when be you come over to the Chamberlain 's Men ? will when I have fifty pound . rosaline bring over the last element of burbage be costume and help he into they . burbage be you write ? will ( nod somewhat defensively ) a comedy . all but do , a pirate comedy , wonderful . burbage what be the chief part ? will Romeo . wit , swordsman , lover . burbage the title ? will Romeo burbage I will play he . bring it tomorrow . will it 's for henslowe . he pay I . burbage how much ? will ten pound . burbage you be a liar . burbage dig under he costume for he purse , which be on a waistband , over he corset . will I swear it . he want Romeo for ned and the Admiral 's Men . burbage ned be wrong for it . will turn to see henslowe approach . burbage ( cont 'd ) ( to will ) here be two sovereign -- I will give you two more when you show I the page . will done . henslowe ( arrive ) burbage , I will see you hang for a pickpocket . burbage the Queen have command , she love a comedy and the master of the revel favour we . henslowe and what favour do Mr. tilney receive from you ? burbage ask he . the master of the revel ( tilney ) come through the curtain officiously . tilney she come ! he disappear back through the curtain . the hubbub fall silent , rather dramatically , and all the busy player know what that mean : they all crowd to the curtain and find place to peep through . int . whitehall palace . banqueting hall . front of house / stage . day . the Pov of the player . the arrival of queen elizabeth , age sixty , come to take she place in the audience at front centre . the hill be crowded with lord and lady , bow elizabeth to she seat , which be raise high on a pedestal , afford the queen a uninterrupted view of the play , and the audience a uninterrupted view of the queen . trumpets sound . Close on a small piece of paper : a quill be write " W. Shakespeare . " will roll the paper up carefully and slip it into the mouth of the snake bangle . the curtain draw back and condell as " valentine " and burbage as " proteus " begin the play . condell as valentine " cease to persuade , my loving proteus ; Home -keep youth have ever homely wit " int . whitehall palace . banqueting hall . the wing / backstage . day . with burbage be presence account for on stage , rosaline curl a arm around will be neck . they kiss hungrily . after a moment , will pull back . rosaline when will you write I a sonnet , will ? will I have lose my gift . rosaline you leave it in my bed . come to look for it again . will be you to be my muse , rosaline ? rosaline burbage have my keep but you have my heart . will take the snake bracelet and slip it onto she arm . rosaline look at it , then at will . then they kiss again , but will be distract by the sound of cough from the auditorium . will you see ? the consumptive plot against I . " will Shakespeare have a play , let we go and cough through it . " int . whitehall palace . banqueting hall . stage . day . " valentine " be on stage with " proteus . " condell as valentine " to be in love , where scorn be buy with groan : coy look with heart sore sigh ; one fade moment 's mirth with twenty watchful , weary , tedious night " as the scene continue , will appear at the back of the hall and find himself next to henslowe . will I feel a scene come on . henslowe be it about a pirate 's daughter ? int . whitehall palace . back of the banqueting hall / stage . day . laughter . it be later , and kempe be now on stage with he dog . the audience be roaring . henslowe you see ? Comedy . queen elizabeth be idiosyncratic laugh rise above the other . queen well play , master crab , I commend you . she throw a sweetheart on the stage and the dog wolf it down . everyone applaud . henslowe Love and a bit with a dog , that 's what they like . now we meet viola . viola do lessep be twenty - five and beautiful , and she be laugh with great natural enjoyment . she sit slightly apart from she small family group -- she parent , sir ROBERT do lessep and lady margaret do lessep . part of the group but seat behind as befit she lower status be viola' nurse . elsewhere be lord wessex , we villain . wessex be in he forty , dark cruel , self-important . he have notice viola . the nurse notice he . int . whitehall palace . banqueting hall . front of house / stage . day . later . " valentine " be on stage alone . he be speak the speech rather more coarsely than the version we hear later . condell as valentine " what light be light if silvia be not see ? what joy be joy , if silvia be not by ? unless it be to think that she be by and feed upon the shadow of perfection " now we see that viola know the speech by heart , and be silently mouth it with the actor . henslowe there 's a lady know you play by heart . but when he turn to will he find that will have go . int . will be room . day . will come into he room , go straight to he table in the window , and arrange pen , ink , and paper . now he have he ritual : he spin round once in a circle , rub he hand together and spit on the floor . then he sit down , pick up he pen , and stare in front of he . pause . then he begin to write . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . the nurse be undress she , though viola try intermittently to push she away . she be still bright with excitement . viola do you like proteus or Valentine best ? proteus for speak , Valentine for look . nurse I like the dog , for laugh . viola but silvia I do not care for much . his finger be red from fight and he speak like a schoolboy at lesson . stage love will never be true love while the law of the land have we heroine play by pipsqueak boy in petticoat ! oh , when can we see another ? nurse when the Queen command it . viola but at the playhouse . nurse ? nurse be still . now the nurse be clean viola be ear , one by one , of course . she have a ear-clean implement for this . viola submit . nurse ( cont 'd ) playhouse be not for well - bear lady . viola I be not so well - bear . nurse well - monied be the same as well - bear and well - marry be more so . Lord Wessex be look at you tonight . viola all the man at court be without poetry . if they look at I they see my father 's fortune . I will have poetry in my life . and adventure . and love . Love above all . nurse like Valentine and silvia ? viola no . . . not the artful posture of love , but love that over - throw life . unbiddable , ungovernable , like a riot in the heart , and nothing to be do , come ruin or rapture . Love like there have never be in a play . ( beat ) I will have love or I will end my day as a . . . nurse as a nurse . viola ( kissing she ) but I would be Valentine and silvia too . good nurse , God save you and good night . I would stay asleep my whole life if I could dream myself into a company of player . viola go over to the window . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . the nurse thrust a twig to she face . nurse clean you tooth while you dream , then . automatically , viola take the twig and begin brush she tooth , all the while look downriver towards the Rose . the nurse attend she with a beaker of water , and a bowl . nurse ( cont 'd ) now spit viola gaze longingly towards the Rose and , there and then , she make a plan . ext . square in front of the rose theatre . day . henslowe be make he way from the theatre to the market place when fennyman and lambert appear at either shoulder and propel he back the way he come . free follow behind . fennyman this time we take you boot off ! henslowe what have I do , Mr. fennyman ? fennyman the theatre be all close by the plague ! henslowe oh , that . fennyman by order of the master of the revel ! henslowe Mr. fennyman , let I explain about the theatre business . ( they stop ) the natural condition be one of insurmountable obstacle on the road to imminent disaster . believe I , to be close by the plague be a bagatelle in the up and downs of own a theatre . fennyman so what do we do ? henslowe nothing . strangely enough , it all turn out well . fennyman how ? henslowe I do not know . it 's a mystery . lambert ( dumbly ) should I kill he , Mr. fennyman ? at this point din be hear in the background . a messenger , ringing a bell , be run though the street . messenger the theatre be reopen . by order of the master of the revel , the theatre be reopen fennyman be intrigue . free Mr. fennyman ! Mr. tilney have open the playhouse . fennyman yes I hear . henslowe play he temporary advantage modestly , shrugging himself free of lambert be grip . henslowe ( to lambert ) if you would not mind henslowe continue on he way . fennyman watch henslowe , curious . fennyman where be the play ? henslowe oh , it 's come , it 's come . int . will be room . day . it be . will be write furiously . a burnt -down candle be still alight , although it be day outside the window . he have be write all night . he have write about ten page . please with himself and excited , he gather they up and leave the room like a man with a mission . ext . will house . day . leave the house , page in hand , will nearly knock down henslowe who have come to see he . henslowe will ! the theatre be before he can finish , will brandish the page in he hand . will Romeo and rosaline . scene one ! God , I be good ! henslowe rosaline ? you mean ethel . will have go . ext . burbage's house . day . burbage life in another part of the city . will bang through the door without ceremony . will ( shouting ) Richard ! int . burbage's house . day . will enter and call out . will burbage ? int . burbage's bedroom . day . will charge into the bedroom . rosaline be in bed . the master of the revel be pull up he breech . will be shattered . will Mr. tilney the unsuccessful snake bracelet glint at he from rosaline be arm . tilney like you , I find he not at home ! will so this be the favour you find in the Chamberlain 's men. rosaline will ! will ( to rosaline ) I would have make you immortal . ( turn to go ) tell burbage he have lose a new play by will Shakespeare . tilney what do burbage care of that ? he be readying the curtain for kit marlowe . will you have open the playhouse ? tilney I have , master Shakespeare . will but the plague tilney ( sigh ) yes , I know . but he be always hang around the house . a bell can be hear ringing outside . rosaline ( to will , leave ) will you be the only one , will ! -- in my heart . ext . STREET . outside burbage's house . day . will emerge look distraught . a burn brazier stand by the wall . will thrust the page into the coal . he watch for a moment as the page catch fire . int . tavern . day . will walk in to find the place in a uproar of celebration . a handsome young serve man ( nol ) be bump through with a tray of tankard . nol ( excitedly ) Mr. henslowe ! henslowe yes , I hear . the theatre be open . but where be my playwright ? henslowe find a seat , and take a tankard off nol be tray . henslowe chalk it up , nol . I be hungry , too . nol the special today be a pig 's foot marinate in juniper - berry vinegar , serve with a buckwheat pancake which have be they be interrupt by will who join they . he look distract . henslowe will ! have you finish ? will yes. nearly . ( he tap he forehead ) it 's all lock safe in here . we need Ralph for the pirate King . good morning , master nol . you will have a nice little part . nol shout for you , take off he apron and fling it behind the bar . henslowe jump up and embrace will . the entire staff and half the customer be now crowd around , actor the lot of they . henslowe bang the table to shut they all up . henslowe ned alleyn and the Admiral 's Men be out on tour . I need actor . that here who be unknown will have a chance to be know . actor what about the money , Mr. henslowe ? henslowe it will not cost you a penny ! audition in half - an-hour ! the din of excited chatter return . he sweep grandly to the tavern door where he meet ralph bashford , a big , burly , middle - age actor . henslowe ( cont 'd ) Ralph bashford ! I would have a part for you but , ala , I hear you be a drunkard 's drunkard . ralph never when I be work . int . tavern . day . will have remain behind , aghast now at he predicament . he go to the bar . will give I to drink mandragora . barman straight up , will ? voice give my friend a beaker of you best brandy . will turn towards a figure further down the bar . it 's christopher marlowe . will kit marlowe how go it , will ? will wonderful , wonderful . marlowe burbage say you have a play . will I have . and chink to show for it . his drink arrive . will place a sovereign on the bar . will ( cont 'd ) I insist -- and a beaker for Mr. marlowe . the barman do the business . will ( cont 'd ) I hear you have a new play for the curtain . marlowe not new - - my Doctor faustus . will I love you early work . " be this the face that launch a thousand ship and burnt the topless tower of ilium ? " marlowe I have a new one nearly do , and better . the massacre at Paris . will good title . marlowe and yours ? will Romeo and ethel the pirate 's daughter . ( beat , sigh despondently ) yes , I know . marlowe what be the story ? will well , there 's a pirate ( confess ) in truth , I have not write a word . marlowe Romeo be italian . always in and out of love . will yes , that 's good . until he meet marlowe ethel . will do you think ? marlowe the daughter of he enemy . will ( thoughtfully ) the daughter of he enemy . marlowe his best friend be kill in a duel by ethel 's brother or something . his name be mercutio . will mercutio good name . nol hurry back to will be side . nol will -- they be wait for you ! will I be come . he drain he glass . will ( cont 'd ) good luck with yours , kit . marlowe I think you play be for burbage . will this be a different one . marlowe ( try to work it out ) a different one you have not write ? will make a helpless gesture and hurry after nol . int . the rose theatre . gallery / stage / auditorium . day . henslowe and will be sit in the gallery , listen to a young actor audition . young actor " be this the face that launch a thousand ship , and burnt the topless tower of ilium ? sweet helen , make I immortal with a kiss ! " henslowe thank you . henslowe and will look a bit deflate . the young actor leave and be replace by a second actor . second actor I would like to give you something from faustus by Christopher marlowe . henslowe how refresh . second actor " be this the face that launch a thousand ship , and burnt the topless tower of ilium ? " henslowe and will let he continue a bit further , but exchange despair look . a succession of would - be actor offer they version of marlowe 's line , each as inappropriate as the other . among they be a small urchin . urchin " the topless tower of ilium ? sweet helen , make I immortal with a -- ? " henslowe ( bellow ) thank you ! the urchin leave , glower furiously , and be replace by a beanpole of a man ( wasbash ) . wabash have a bad stutter . wabash " w-w - with - with - be th- th - this th- th - the f-f - f-face " henslowe ( unexpectedly ) very good , Mr. wabash . excellent . report to the property master . will look at henslowe in outrage . henslowe ( cont 'd ) ( apologetically ) my tailor . want to be a actor . I have a few debt here and there . well , that seem to be everybody . do you see a Romeo ? will I do not . henslowe well , I to my work , you to yours . when can I see page ? will tomorrow henslowe leave he . will ( cont 'd ) ( a prayer ) please God . will sit brood alone for a moment . then he realize he be be address from the stage . another actor . actor May I begin , sir ? will look at the stage and see a handsome young man , with a hat shadow he eye . will you name ? viola as thomas Thomas Kent . I would like to do a speech by a writer who command the heart of every player . will can hardly manage a nod . viola as thomas ( cont 'd ) " what light be light , if silvia be not see , what joy be joy , if silvia be not by ? unless it be to think that she be by and feed upon the shadow of perfection . it do not take four line of " valentine be " speech to confirm for we , if confirmation be need , that thomas be viola . for will , amazement at hearing he own word soon give away to something else . he be captivate . he have find he " romeo " . viola as thomas ( cont 'd ) " except I be by silvia in the night , there be no music in the nightingale . unless I look on silvia in the day , there be no day for I to look upon . " will interrupt " he . " will take off you hat . viola as thomas my hat ? will where do you learn how to do that ? viola as thomas I . . . will wait there . viola as thomas be you Mr. Shakespeare ? will let I see you . take off you hat . thomas begin to panic . will jump down to ground level . thomas run offstage , to will be bewilderment . will hurry after he . we go with will as he cross the stage , then backstage , then into the int . the rose theatre . retiring room . day . retiring room which be crowded with actor and henslowe be lieutenant , property manager , copier , and general factotum who be a new character , peter . actor what be we play ? nol where be the page ? will enter into the middle of this . will ( shout ) where 's the boy ? nobody know what he be talk about . wabash , the stutterer , grab will 's hand and shake it excitedly . wabash b-b-b-b-break a l-l-l-leg ! the street door be swinging shut . will see it . he fight he way through the man to get to the door . ext . the rose theatre . bankside . day . will emerge from the theatre into a street throbbing with nefarious life . whore , cutpurse , hawker , urchin , tract - seller , riffraff of all kind in a area of stew ( lowdown pub ) , brothel and slum . it be some time before will spot thomas , way ahead of he in the crowded street . the chase be take they to the riverbank . ext . the river . day . when will get to the riverbank he see that thomas be in a smallish boat be row upriver and in midstream . the river be quite busy , and among the boat there be a number of wait " taxi . " will jump into the nearest one and shout at the " taxi Driver " boatman . will follow that boat ! boatman right you be , governor ! will sit in the stern of the boat and the boatman sit face he , row lustily . boatman ( cont 'd ) I know you face . be you a actor ? will ( oh God , here we go again ) yes . boatman yes , I have see you in something . that one about a king . will really ? boatman I have the Christopher marlowe in my boat once . ext . the river . day . later . the boatman be puffing . will be look ahead to where thomas be boat have reach a jetty on the farther shore , a private jetty attach to a rich house on the north bank . will see thomas jump out of he boat and run toward the house . will do you know that house ? boatman Sir Robert De lessep . ext . do lessepse ' house . day . will run towards the house . int . do lessepses' house . day . thomas rush up the back stair , remove he hat . her hair tumble down about she shoulder , so we will call she viola again . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . day . her mother lady do lessep , be talk to the nurse . lady do lessep where be she ? we guest be upon we , Lord Wessex too , bargain for a bride . my husband will have it settle tonight . behind she , the door open revealing viola as thomas to the nurse view , but only for a moment . the door close again as lady do lessep turn . lady do lessep ( cont 'd ) tomorrow he drag I off to the country and it will be three week go before we return from we estate . a different door communicate to the next room , open and viola come in after a lightning dress change into a robe . she curtsey to she mother . viola God save you , mother . ( to nurse ) Ho water , nurse . the nurse look at she , round - eye . int . do lessepse ' house . kitchen . day . from a cauldron on the stove , hot water be pour into two pail , by the a kitchen boy under the nurse be command . scullery maid ( o.s. ) Thomas Kent , sir ? no sir . will ( o.s. ) the actor nurse who ask for he ? will have come to the kitchen door with a letter . will William Shakespeare , actor , poet , and playwright of the Rose . the nurse send the scullery maid back to work . nurse master Kent be my nephew . will ( give she the letter ) I will wait . nurse much god may it do you . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bathroom . evening . viola in she bath , read will be letter . the nurse be add hot water to the tub . viola ( delighted ) he see himself in I ! Romeo Montague , a young man of verona . nurse ( unimpress ) verona again . viola ( devour the letter ) a comedy of quarreling family reconcile in the discovery of Romeo to be the very same capulet cousin steal from the cradle and fostere to manhood by he Montague mother that be rob of she own child by the pirate King ! ext . do lessepse ' house . night . will wait hopefully . the kitchen door open and a servant fling a bucket of dirty water in the general direction of the gutter . will hop nimbly aside and escape a soaking . servant be off ! int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . the nurse be help viola into she party dress . nurse you mother , and you father viola ( gaily ) from tomorrow , away in the country for three week ! be master Shakespeare not handsome ? nurse he look well enough for a mountebank . viola oh , nurse ! he would give Thomas Kent the life of Viola De lessep 's dream . nurse ( firmly ) my lady , this play will end badly . I will tell . viola ( twice as firmly ) you will not tell . as you love I and as I love you , you will bind my breast and buy I a boy' wig ! ext . do lessepse ' house . night . will spot a gaggle of musician approach , carry instrument . will recognize they . will master plum ! what business here ? musician a five shilling business , will . we play for the dance . the sound of hoof give hardly any warning as a galloping horseman thunder through the musician who have to leap out of the way . it be wessex arrive at the house , with he usual good manners . will watch wessex skid to a halt and enter the house . int . do lessepse ' house . banqueting room . night . will have get in with the musician . competently enough he strum along with they on the bandstand . two dozen guest be enough to crowd the space for dance . will glance around , look for thomas kent . he stop a pass servant , help himself to a snack off the man 's tray . servant musician do not eat , Sir Robert 's order . will I seek master Thomas Kent . it mean nothing to the servant who move on . angle on wessex and sir ROBERT . sir ROBERT she be a beauty , my lord , as would take a king to church for a dowry of a nutmeg . wessex my plantation in Virginia be not mortgage for a nutmeg . I have a ancient name that will bring you preferment when you grandson be a Wessex . be she fertile ? sir ROBERT she will breed . if she do not , send she back . wessex be she obedient ? sir ROBERT as any mule in christendom . but if you be the man to rider she , they be ruby in the saddlebag . wessex I like she . angle on will -- watch the dance . then he see viola in the crowd . he turn to blood . Love at first sight , no doubt about it . viola have not see he . she be do a daughter 's duty among she parent ' friend . the guest form up to begin a change - partner dance ( the very same one you get in every romeo and juliet ) . will ( to musician ) by all the star in heaven , who be she ? musician Viola de lessep . dream on , will . will leave the bandstand and be move trancelike to keep she in view between the dancer and onlooker . viola move through pattern of the dance until as night follow day , she find will opposite she . he have insinuated himself into the dance . viola gasp . viola master Shakespeare will react , surprised by she reaction . the dance separate they . viola find herself opposite wessex . wessex my lady Viola . viola my lord . wessex I have speak with you father . viola so my lord ? I speak with he every day . wessex scowl . the dance separate they . viola find herself opposite will again . will stare at she entrance . viola ( cont 'd ) good sir ? will have lose he tongue . viola ( cont 'd ) I hear you be a poet . will nod in he trance and she smile at he . viola ( cont 'd ) but a poet of no word ? will try to speak but the silver tongue will not work . he be dumb with adoration . suddenly wessex take he affably by the elbow and lead he into a alcove . wessex ( smile evilly ) " Poet ? " will ( come round form the anaesthetic and not notice the danger ) I be a poet till now , but I have see beauty that put my poem at one with the talk raven at the Tower . to he surprise he find a lordly dagger at this throat . will ( cont 'd ) ( startle ) how do I offend , my lord ? wessex by covete my property . I can not shed blood in she house but I will cut you throat anon . you have a name ? will ( gulp ) Christopher marlowe at you service . wessex shove he through the nearest door . viola' eye be search the room for will . she find wessex smile at she . she look away . ext . do lessep ' garden / viola' balcony . night there be a light window on the balcony . viola , dress for bed , and the nurse pass across the light space . will be in the garden . he see she . the light in the room be extinguish . will sigh . then viola come out onto the balcony in the moonlight . will gasp . he watch she . viola sigh dreamily . viola Romeo , Romeo . . . a young man of verona . a comedy . by William Shakespeare . will reckon that 's a good enough cue . he come out of hide , and approach the balcony . will ( whisper ) my lady ! viola ( gasp ) who be there ? will will Shakespeare ! the nurse call " madam ! " from inside the room . viola Anon , good nurse . anon. ( to will ) master Shakespeare ?! will the same , ala . viola oh but why " ala ? " will a lowly player . viola alas indeed , for I think you the high poet of my esteem and a writer of play that capture my heart . will oh -- I be he too ! the nurse call again . viola ( to nurse ) Anon , anon ! ( to will ) I will come again . she go inside for a moment . will ( to himself ) oh , I be fortune 's fool , I will be punish for this ! viola return . will come forward again . will ( cont 'd ) oh my lady , my love ! viola if they find you here they will kill you . will you can bring they with a word . viola oh , not for the world ! the nurse call she again : " madam ! " viola ( cont 'd ) Anon , nurse ! but she go inside . will look around and see that there be , as ever a convenient tree . he start to climb up toward the balcony . when he head be nearly level , a soft figure come once more onto the balcony . will pop he head over the parapet and be face to face with the nurse . the nurse give a yell . will fall out of the tree . ext . do leesepse ' house . night . male voice shout to each other inside the house , candle flame appear in different window , the garden door be flung open , revealing sir ROBERT with candelabra in one hand and sword in the other . by this time will be on top of the garden wall and he drop safely out of sight . he could have write it better . int . will room . dawn . will be burn the midnight oil -- literally and metaphorically . his quill have already cover a dozen sheet . he be inspire . int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium . day . it be day one . the company be on stage . peter be pass page around a bunch of actor . JOHN , jame , and nol be look through they page . JOHN " draw if you be man ! ( to jame ) Gregory , remember thy wash blow . " nol " part , fool , put up you sword . " will be go around pump hand and slapping shoulder , flushed with excitement . henslowe be read he page , worried . ralph bashford be next to he . henslowe it start well , and then it 's all long - face about some rosaline . where 's the comedy , will . where 's the dog ? ( to ralph ) do you think it be funny ? ralph I be a pirate King , now I be a nurse . that 's funny will pull henslowe aside . will we be at least six man short , and that we have will be overpart , ranter and stutterer who should be send back to the stew . my Romeo have let I down . I see disaster . henslowe we be at least four act short , will , if you be look for disaster . will as notice a young scruffy thirteen - year- old actor , the urchin we meet before . will who be you , master ? urchin I be ethel , sir , the pirate 's daughter . will ( furiously ) I will be damned if you be ! and he help the urchin off with a kick . the urchin glower with resentment . henslowe find himself face to face with fennyman . fennyman be it go well ? henslowe very well . fennyman but nothing be happen . henslowe yes , but very well . will ( shout ) gentlemen ! thank you ! you be welcome . fennyman who be that ? henslowe nobody . the author . will we be about to embark on a great voyage . henslowe it be customary to make a little speech on the first day . it do no harm and author like it . will you want to know what part you be to receive . all will be settle as we go that 's as far as he get before there be a dramatic interruption -- the public entrance door be flung open and six men make a loud entrance , head by ned alleyn , the actor , who be a handsome piratical figure with a big voice and a big sword . alleyn huzzah ! the Admiral 's Men be return to the house ! he get various reaction . henslowe and will shout he name joyfully , some of the actor be friend with the new group and behave accordingly , other know they be out of a job . fennyman recover , or try to . fennyman who be this ? alleyn slap he aside with he sword . alleyn ( roar ) silence , you god ! I be hieronimo ! I be tamburlaine ! I be faustus ! I be barrabas , the Jew of malta - - of yes , master will , and I be Henry VI . what be the play , and what be my part ? fennyman be impressed . fennyman a moment , sir ! alleyn ( roar ) who be you ? fennyman ( bleat ) I be the money ! alleyn then you may remain so long as you remain silent . pay attention and you will see how genius create a legend . fennyman ( respectfully ) thank you , sir . will we be in desperate want of a mercutio , ned , a young nobleman of verona alleyn and the title of this piece ? will mercutio henslowe be it ? alleyn I will play he ! half a dozen of the admiral be men will be give role in we play and we meet they and identify they as will enthusiastically shake hand . will Mr. Pope ! Mr. Phillips ! welcome , George bryan ! James armitage ! ( and now greeting SAM gosse , the female star of the Admiral 's Men ) Sam ! my pretty one ! be you ready to fall in love again ? SAM ( hoarsely ) I be , master Shakespeare . will ( concerned ) but you voice ( he thrust a hand between SAM be leg ) have they drop ? SAM ( a girlie voice now ) no , no , a touch of cold only . we suspect he be lie but will have turn away . will master henslowe , you have you actor . he leave , pass by the humble fennyman . fennyman I see he tamburlaine , you know . wonderful . will yes , I see it . fennyman of course , it be mighty write . there be no one like marlowe will be use to it . he go . ext . riverbank . day . will arrive in a hurry at the wharfside , and look vainly in the direction of the do lessepse ' house : no thomas . ext . the rose theatre . stage door . day . will look down the alley : -- no thomas . he turn away . the urchin , the short - live ethel , be sit in the alley . will better fortune , boy . urchin ( shrug ) I be in a play . they cut my head off in titus andronicus . when I write play , they will be like titus . will ( pleased ) you admire it ? the urchin nod grimly . urchin I like it when they cut head off . and the daughter mutilate with knife . will oh . what be you name ? urchin . John webster . here , kitty , kitty . because a stray cat be nearby . the cat show a interest . the urchin pass a white mouse to the cat and watch the result with sober interest . urchin ( cont 'd ) plenty of blood . that be the only write . will back away , unnerve by the boy . urchin ( cont 'd ) wait , you will see the cat bite he head off . will I have to get back . int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium . day . on stage . . . the actor carry they part . nol as benvolio " see where he come . so please you step aside ; I will know he grievance or be much deny . " montague " I would thou wear so happy by thy stay to hear true shrift . come , madam , let 's away . " onstage " montague " and " lady montague " make they exit . offstage , will appear next to henslowe . will cut round he for now . henslowe ( not understanding ) what ? who ? will Romeo . henslowe the one who come with you letter ? will what ? nol as benvolio ( o.s. ) " good morrow , cousin . " viola as romeo ( o.s. ) " be the day so young ? " the voice be thomas be . will turn back to the stage and see he . today thomas have a wig as well as he small mustache . nol as benvolio " but new strike nine . " viola as romeo " ay I , sad hour seem long . be that my father that go hence so fast ? " nol as benvolio it be . what sadness lengthen Romeo 's hour ? " viola as romeo " not have that which , have , make they short . " will good nol as benvolio " in love ? " viola as romeo " out . " nol as benvolio " of love ? " viola as romeo " out of she favour where I be in love . " will ( interrupt ) no , no , no do not spend it all at once ! the rehearsal stop . viola as thomas yes , sir . will do you understand I ? viola as thomas no , sir . will he be speak about a baggage we never even meet ! what will be leave in you purse when he meet he juliet ? henslowe juliet ? you mean ethel . will ( round on he ) God 's tooth , be I to suffer this constant stream of interruption ?! ( to thomas ) what will you do in Act two when he meet the love of he life ? viola as thomas ( timidly - - look through he few sheet of paper ) I be very sorry , sir , I have not see Act two . will of course you have not ! I have not write it ! alone in the auditorium , fennyman look and listen , fascinate . so this be theatre ! will ( cont 'd ) go once more ! ned alleyn come out of the wing , frown over he manuscript . alleyn will where be mercutio ? will ( tapping he forehead ) lock safe in here . I leave the scene in you safe keep , ned , I have a sonnet to write . will move back into the wing where henslowe be look anxious . henslowe a sonnet ? you mean a play . will move on , ignore he . as he go , we see that viola be love-struck by he , a riot in the heart . int . do lessepse ' house . staircase . day . viola still dress as thomas , sonnet in hand , run up the stair to she room . from the other end of the house wessex can be hear ranting . int . do lessepse ' house . hall . night . lord wessex be be keep wait . the nurse be bear the brunt of he impatience . wessex two hour at prayer ! nurse Lady Viola be pious , my lord . wessex piety be for Sunday ! and two hour at prayer be not piety , it be self - importance ! nurse it would be better that you return tomorrow , my lord . wessex it would be better that you tell she to get off she knee and show some civility to she six - day lord and master . viola open the door . she have change hurriedly -- too hurriedly : the effect of she glorious hair fall to she bare shoulder be spoiled by she mustache . fortunately , the nurse spot she before wessex do and by come forward to greet she , the nurse manage to shield Viola from view , communicate the problem , and announce wessex be presence , so that by the time the nurse have pass by viola and let herself out of the room , the moustache have disappear . wessex ( cont 'd ) my lady viola . viola Lord Wessex . you have be wait . wessex I be aware of it , but it be beauty 's privilege . viola you flatter , my lord . wessex no . I have speak to the queen. ( pause ) her majesty 's consent be requisite when a Wessex take a wife , and once gain , she consent be she command . viola do you intend to marry , my lord ? wessex you father should keep you better inform . he have buy I for you . he return from he estate to see we marry two week from Saturday . ( pause ) you be allow to show you pleasure . viola I do not love you , my lord . wessex how you mind hop about ! you father be a shopkeeper , you child will bear arm , and I will recover my fortune . that be the only matter under discussion today . you will like Virginia . viola Virginia ?! wessex why , yes ! my fortune lie in my plantation . the tobacco weed . I need four thousand pound to fit out a ship and put my investment to work -- I fancy tobacco have a future . we will not stay there long , three or four year . . . viola but why I ? wessex it be you eye . no , you lip . he kiss she with more passion than ceremony . viola recoil , and slap he . wessex ( cont 'd ) will you defy you father and you Queen ? viola the Queen have consent ? wessex she want to inspect you . at greenwich , come Sunday . be submissive , modest , grateful and brief . viola ( force to submit ) I will do my duty , my lord . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . she be write to will . his letter- poem be on she table . we can read part of it . " shall I compare thee to a summer 's day " now we see what viola be write . insert : " master will , poet dearest to my heart , I beseech you , banish I from yours -- I be to marry Lord Wessex - - a daughter 's duty " she shed a romantic , unhappy tear . int . the rose theatre . stage . day . SAM be now " juliet . " the play have evidently reach Act I scene 5 . we be witness the meeting of " romeo " and " juliet " in a simplify version of the change - partner dance we see at viola be house . ned alleyn be in charge . alleyn gentlemen upstage , lady downstage ! the dance go wrong . it be thomas be fault . alleyn ( cont 'd ) ( furious ) gentlemen upstage ! lady downstage ! be you a lady , Mr. Kent ? thomas mutter a blush apology . will arrive the bystander , clutching fresh page . he give this to peter . ned alleyn see he and come over to start a argument . will ( preempt ) you do not like the speech ? alleyn the speech be excellent . ( he do the first line impressively ) " oh , then I see Queen mab hath be with you ! " excellent and a good length . but then he disappear for the length of a bible . will point significantly at the page he have give peter . will there you have he duel , a skirmish of word and sword such as I never write , nor anyone . he die with such passion and poetry as you ever hear : " a plague on both you house ! " ned nod satisfied and turn back to work . then he turn back . alleyn he die ? but the author have escape . int . the rose theatre . writer' corner . day . up aloft , will have a writer 's corner where he settle down to work . we see he private superstition : he spin round in a circle , rub he hand together , and spit on the floor . that do , he pick up he pen . ext . STREET . night . will be charge down a narrow alley , and bump into burbage who be emerge from the door of a tavern . burbage will ! will be in too much of a hurry to stop . burbage call after he . burbage ( cont 'd ) and where be my page . . . will hurry on . ext . riverbank . dusk . viola as thomas be be row across the river . from behind , in the direction of bankside , " he " hear shouting . will ( o.s. shouting ) do you give she my letter ? viola as thomas turn to see will some way behind , follow in another boat . she take a letter from she coat and hold it aloft . viola as thomas ( call ) and this for you . ext . the river . viola' boat . night . will have climb aboard viola be boat and be tear open the letter . what he read cause he great pain . he collapse into the stern seat next to viola . will oh , Thomas ! she have cut my string ! I be unmanned , unmend , and unmade , like a puppet in a box . boatman writer , be he ? will turn on he savagely will row you boat . ext . the river . viola' boat . night . will turn back to viola . they have they conversation intimately , disregard the lack of intimacy . the boatman be hardly a arm 's length away , but they ignore he . will she tell I to keep away . she be to marry Lord Wessex . what should I do ? viola as thomas if you love she , you must do what she ask . will and break she heart and mine ? viola as thomas it be only ours you can know . will she love I , Thomas ! viola as thomas do she say so ? will no . and yet she do where the ink have run with tear . be she weep when she give you this ? viola as thomas I her letter come to I by the nurse . will you aunt ? viola as thomas ( catch up ) yes , my aunt . but perhaps she wept a little . tell I how you love she , will . will like a sickness and its cure together . viola as thomas yes , like rain and sun , like cold and heat . ( collect herself ) be you lady beautiful ? since I come to visit from the country , I have not see she close . tell I , be she beautiful ? will oh , if I could write the beauty of she eye ! I be bear to look in they and know myself . he be look into viola be eye . she hold he look , but will bely he word . viola as thomas and she lip ? will oh , Thomas , she lip ! the early morning rise would wither on the branch , if it could feel envy ! viola as thomas and she voice ? like lark song ? will deeper . softer . none of you twitter lark ! I would banish nightingale from she garden before they interrupt she song . viola as thomas she sing too ? will constantly . without doubt . and play the lute , she have a natural ear . and she bosom -- do I mention she bosom ? viola as thomas ( glint ) what of she bosom ? will oh Thomas , a pair of pippin ! as round and rare as golden apple ! viola as thomas I think the lady be wise to keep you love at a distance . for what lady could live up to it close to , when she eye and lip and voice may be no more beautiful than mine ? besides , can a lady bear to wealth and noble marriage love happily with a bankside poet and player ? will ( fervently ) yes , by God ! Love know nothing of rank or riverbank ! it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who play the king , and they love should be minded by each , for love deny blight the soul we owe to God ! so tell my lady , William Shakespeare wait for she in the garden ! viola as thomas but what of Lord Wessex ? will for one kiss , I would defy a thousand wessex ! the boat scrape on the jetty of the do lessepse ' house . the bump throw thomas into will be arm . he hold she round the shoulder . his word have almost unmask she . the closeness do the rest . she kiss he on the mouth and jump out of the boat . viola oh , will ! she throw a coin to the boatman and run towards the house . boatman thank you , my lady ! will ( stunne ) Lady ? boatman Viola De lessep . known she since she be this high . would not deceive a child . will get out of the boat . boatman ( cont 'd ) ( reach under he seat ) strangely enough , I be a bit of a writer myself . the boatman produce he memoir in manuscript . boatman ( cont 'd ) it would not take you long to read it , I expect you know all the bookseller . . . but will have go . ext . do lessepse ' garden . night . will drop over the wall into the garden and without hesitation start climb up to she balcony . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . will come in through the window , just as viola enter by the door . they stare at each other across the room . will can you love a fool ? viola can you love a player ? they run together and fall into a passionate kiss . will ( spring back ) wait ! you be still a may and perhaps as mistake in I as I be mistake in Thomas Kent . viola answer I only this : be you the author of the play of William Shakespeare ? will I be . viola then kiss I again for I be not mistake . they run together and fall into a passionate kiss . viola fumble with he clothing , he with hers . viola ( cont 'd ) I do not know how to undress a man . will it be strange to I , too . int . do lessepse ' house . outside viola' bedroom . night . the nurse have come to listen . she put she ear against the door . because she hear muffle voice , she look startle . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . will be half - naked . viola be down to she petticoat , and chemise . the petticoat come away . will fling it aside . he take off she chemise . he be startle to find that she be tightly bandage round the bosom . will find the loose end and spin she naked . int . do lessepse ' house . outside viola' bedroom . night . the nurse , drag a chair - - a rocker -- outside the bedroom door , and take up she position . she sit down , keep guard . pretty soon there come the regular creak of viola be bed . the nurse fan herself furiously with she little lacy fan . she cross herself . a chambermaid come along the gallery outside the bedroom door . she be dusting she way along . the chambermaid become aware of the regular creak . she pause . the nurse begin to rock in she chair , keep time with the creak from within . the chambermaid stare at the nurse . the nurse stare at the chambermaid . nurse go to , go to . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night will and viola have finish make love , and lie in each other 's arm . viola I would not have think it . there be something better than a play . will there be . viola even you play . will ( frown ) oh viola and that be only my first try . will well perhaps better than my first . ( he kiss she again ) ext . do lessepse ' house . dawn . Dawn be break . the sun lace the sever cloud with envious streak . int . do lessepse ' house . outside viola' bedroom . dawn the nurse have fall asleep in she rock chair . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . dawn . a rooster crow at some distance . viola and will be in bed . she stir drowsily . viola , come awake , speak he name and he kiss she . viola will then he start to get out of bed . viola ( cont 'd ) you would not leave I ? will I must . look -- how pale the window . viola ( pull he down ) moonlight ! will no , the morning rooster wake I . viola it be the owl -- come to bed she be win . she kiss he and pull the bedclothes around they . will ( give in ) oh , let henslowe wait . viola ( pause , push he away ) Mr. henslowe ? will ( persist ) let he be damned for he page ! viola oh -- no , no ! will ( kissing she ) there be time . it be still dark . viola it be broad day ! ( the rooster crow again ) the rooster tell we so ! will it be the owl . believe I , love , it be the owl . he kiss she and start to make love to she again . viola give he a shove which push he onto the floor . she sit up and pull on she gown . viola you would leave we player without a scene to read today ?! there 's a knock at the door . int . do lessepse ' house . corridor outside viola' bedroom / viola' bedroom . dawn . the nurse be knock . viola come to the door . nurse my lady , the house be stir , it be a new day . viola look beautify by the hour that have pass . viola it be a new world ! int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium . day . the cut be to the middle of a rehearsal . we be come up to the moment when " romeo " and " juliet " kiss for the first time ( Act I scene V ) ned alleyn be in charge but will be watch . his life have turn perfect . viola as romeo " have not saint lip , and holy palmer too ? " SAM as juliet " ay pilgrim , lip that they must use in prayer . " viola as romeo " oh then , dear saint , let lip do what hand to : they pray : grant thou , lest faith turn to despair . " will be in she eye-line . her eye flash a intimate secret look to he . SAM as juliet " Saints do not move , though grant for prayer 's sake . " and viola miss she cue as a result . SAM ( prompt she ) it 's you . alleyn ( roar ) suffer cat ! viola guiltily pick up she line . viola as romeo " then move not , while my prayer 's effect I take . " in character , viola kiss SAM , demurely , but apparently not demurely enough for will , who give a twitch . viola as romeo ( cont 'd ) " thus from my lip , by thine , my sin be purg would . " SAM as juliet " then have my lip the sin that they have take . " viola as romeo " Sin from my lip ? oh trespass sweetly urg would . give I my sin again . " viola kiss SAM again . will give a major twitch , which in fact catapult he body onto the stage . everybody look at he in surprise . will yes yes er not quite right it be more let I ( as juliet ) " then have my lip the sin that they have take . " viola as romeo Sin from my lip ? oh trespass sweetly urg would . give I my sin again . " viola kiss will . they lose themselves for a fraction of a moment . as viola withdraw she lip , will be lip be go for it again . viola as romeo ( cont 'd ) " you kiss by th ' book . " alleyn ( to will , sarcastically ) well ! it be lucky you be here ! why do not I write the rest of you play while you will ( apologise , retreate ) yes , yes continue . now the nurse . where be Ralph ? ralph have be ready and wait . ralph as nurse " madam , you mother crave a word with you . " viola as romeo " what be she mother ? " ralph as nurse " marry bachelor , her mother be the lady of the house " will have retreat to int . the rose theatre . backstage . day . he be behind the curtain now . ralph as nurse ( o.s. ) " and a good lady , and wise and virtuous . I nurse she daughter that you talk would withal " during ralph be line ( which be continuous ) will stand in the shadow behind the curtain , alone , agitate . int . the rose theatre . stage . day . ralph as nurse " I tell you , he that can lay hold of she ( he make the money sign ) shall have the chink . " viola as romeo " be she a capulet " oh dear account . my life be my foe 's debt . " nol , as " benvolio , " at a party , carry a goblet , tipsy , enter the scene . nol as benvolio ( to romeo ) " away , be go , the sport be at best . " viola , about to make she exit , have she hand hold the curtain at the gap . int . the rose theatre . behind the curtain . day . will be kissing she hand . int . the rose theatre . stage . day . viola as romeo " ay , so I fear ; the more be my unrest . " int . the rose theatre . behind the curtain . day . viola come through the curtain . will and viola kiss , dangerously -- they be in a narrow space , hide from the general backstage area . SAM as juliet ( o.s. ) " come hither nurse . what be yond gentleman ? " viola ( to will ) oh let it be night ! int . the rose theatre . stage . day . ralph as nurse " I know not . " SAM as juliet " go ask he name -- if he be marry , my grave be like to be my wedding bed . " int . the rose theatre . behind the curtain . day . " juliet be " line bit will between the eye . will pull away . viola oh , do not go will I must . I must int . the rose theatre . backstage . day . as will race up the ladder to he writer 's corner , the rehearsal can be hear continue . ralph as nurse ( o.s. ) " his name be Romeo , and a Montague , the only son of you great enemy . " alleyn ( o.s. ) ( roaring from the audience ) terrible ! int . the rose theatre . writer' corner . day . will arrive at the top of the building in he writer 's corner . he spin around once in a circle , rub he hand together and spit on the floor . his manuscript be all over the table . we take a peak at the line he have already write . insert manuscript : " but soft , what light through yonder window break ? it be the east and juliet be the sun . " viola' voice over speak the line . viola ( vo ) " but soft , what light through yonder window break ? it be the east and juliet be the sun ! " int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . evening . viola ( read ) " arise fair sun and kill the envious moon who be already sick and pale with grief that thou she may art far more fair than she " viola be in bed , read the line from the manuscript page . will be in bed with she , read with she . viola ( cont 'd ) oh , will ! will yes , some of it be speakable . she have to speak through will be kiss , he be nibble at she neck and shoulder and she have to bat he away with the page . viola ( continue read ) " it be my lady , o it be my love ! o that she know she be ! " int . the rose theatre . stage . day . viola continue the speech , edge - to-edge , now in rehearsal , with SAM as " juliet " sighing on the balcony above she . viola as romeo " the brightness of she cheek would shame that star as daylight doth a lamp . her eye in heaven would through the airy region stream so bright that bird would sing and think it be not night . see how she lean she cheek upon she hand . o that I be a glove upon that hand , that I might touch that cheek . SAM as juliet ( above ) " ay I . " viola as romeo " she speak . oh speak again bright angel " we have abandon real time . the scene continue cross CUT between the stage and viola' bed . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . evening . will ( read through viola be kiss ) " oh Romeo , Romeo , wherefore art thou Romeo ? deny thy father and refuse thy name . " int . the rose theatre . stage . day SAM as juliet " or if thou will not , be but swear my love and I will no longer be a capulet . " viola as romeo ( below ) " shall I hear more or shall I speak at this ? " int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . will and viola in bed . will " what man art thou that thus bescreen would in night so stumblest on my counsel ? " int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium . night . it 's become late and the rehearsal be continue by torchlight . viola as romeo " by a name I know not how to tell thee who I be : my name , dear saint , be hateful to myself because it be a enemy to thee " we see that a group of the other actor have drift " out front , " draw by the scene . fennyman be there entrance . clearly , this stuff be a cut above the normal . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night will , undress , stride around the room , feed " juliet be " line to viola in bed . will " the orchard wall be high and hard to climb , and the place death , consider who thou art , if any of my kinsmen find thee here . if they do see thee , they will murder thee . " int . the rose theatre . stage . night . viola as romeo " alack , there lie more peril in thine eye , than twenty of they sword ! look thou but sweet , and I be proof against they enmity . " SAM as juliet I would not for the world ! viola as romeo I have night 's cloak to hide I from they eye ; and but thou love I , let they find I here . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . will and viola be both out of bed , halfway though dress . still rehearse . will " good night , good night . as sweet repose and rest come to thy heart as that within my breast . o will thou leave I so unsatisfy ? " viola that 's my line ! will oh , but it be mine too ! int . the rose theatre . stage . night . viola as romeo " o will thou leave I so unsatisfy ? " SAM as juliet " what satisfaction can n'st thou have tonight ? " viola as romeo " the exchange of thy love 's faithful vow for mine . " int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . will and viola be back on the bed , kissing and make love . will " my bounty be as boundless as the sea , my love as deep : viola and will ( continue the speech with he ) the more I give to thee the more I have , for both be infinite . " outside the nurse be knock on the door and call . int . the rose theatre . stage . day . SAM as juliet " I hear some noise within . dear love , adieu . " ralph , the nurse , call 's " juliet ! " off stage . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night viola ( call to the nurse who be outside ) Anon , good nurse int . do lessepse ' house . outside viola' bedroom . night . the nurse listen at the door . int . the rose theatre . stage . day . SAM as juliet " Anon , good nurse -- sweet Montague be true . " int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . will " stay but a little , I will come again . " viola slap he playfully for he vulgarity , and then kiss he . int . the rose theatre . stage . day . SAM as juliet " stay but a little , I will come again . " SAM leave the balcony through the curtain . viola as romeo " oh bless bless night . " int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . it be night . they have just make love . suddenly it be very still . viola ( almost to herself ) " I be fear , be in night , all this but a dream , too flatter - sweet to be substantial . " int . the rose theatre . backstage . day . onstage , the scene continue . backstage ned alleyn be work he way upstairs . he pass by ralph ( the nurse ) who have a couple of word " of , " as it be , in " juliet be " chamber . SAM as juliet ( o.s. ) " all my fortune at thy foot I will lay , and follow thee my lord throughout the world . " ralph as nurse " madam ! " SAM as juliet ( o.s. ) " I come , anon -- but if thou meanest not well , I do beseech thee - - " ralph as nurse " madam ! " SAM as juliet ( o.s. ) by and by I come to cease thy strife and leave I to my grief . a thousand time good night ! " SAM exit ( i.e. enter to we ) through the curtain . SAM ( to ned ) I can not move in this dress ! and it make I look like a pig ! I have no neck in this pig dress ! ( and then hearing he cue from " romeo " ) oh , she 's off again ! she say she 's go and then she do not int . the rose theatre . writer' corner . day . ned be arrive . will be busy write . peter be there , hold the page will have complete , and wait for will to finish he page . peter be read he page . will see ned arrive . he give he page to peter . will ( to peter ) how be it ? peter ( shrug ) it 's all right . typical ! , say will be face . Peter depart , leave the field to ned . will brace himself . will ned I know I know alleyn it 's good . will oh alleyn the title will not do . will ah alleyn Romeo and juliet -- just a suggestion . will thank you , ned . the whole exchange be in ironic code , between old soldier . ned nod curtly and turn to descend . will ( cont 'd ) you be a gentleman . alleyn and you be a Warwickshire shit-house . int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium . day . peter be just hand the page henslowe in the auditorium . henslowe have acquire a perform dog . the dog do somersault tirelessly . as peter hand over the page , he shake he head . henslowe ( in disbelief ) you mean , no dog of any kind ? fennyman , the born-again theatre groupie shush henslowe and look dagger at he . peter ( to henslowe ) the Friar marry they in secret , then ned get into a fight with one of the capulet , Romeo try to stop they , he get in ned 's way , I mean in mercutio 's way , so tybalt kill mercutio and then Romeo kill tybalt . then the Prince banish he from verona . henslowe ( much relieved ) that must be when he go on the voyage and get shipwreck on the island of the pirate King . fennyman can not hear it . he storm over . kick the dog , roar at henslowe . fennyman cease you prattling ! get out ! ( to the stage where the action have pause ) a thousand apology ! SAM as juliet " good night , good night . parting be such sweet sorrow that I shall say good night till it be morrow . " int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . morning . a sunbeam wake the lover . Sunday morning . Church bell . viola wake with a start . something be bother she , she can not think what . will calm she . will Sunday it be Sunday . he bring she back down to the pillow . will ( cont 'd ) I find something in my sleep . the Friar who marry they will take up they destiny . viola oh , but it will end well for love ? will in heaven , perhaps . it be not a comedy I be write now . a broad river divide my lover -- family , duty , fate - - as unchangeable as nature . viola ( sober ) yes , this be not life , will . this be a steal season . suddenly there be a great racket hear from downstairs a man shouting . wessex ( o.s. ) not ready ? where be she ? nurse ( o.s. ) be patient , my lord , she be dress . wessex ( o.s. ) will you ask her majesty to be patient ?! viola remember . she jump up and give a cry . viola Sunday ! greenwich ! int . do lessepse ' house . outside viola' bedroom . morning . the nurse be barring the stair to wessex . wessex now , pay attention , nursy . the Queen , gloriana Regina , God 's chosen vessel , the radiant one , who shine she light on we , be at greenwich today , and prepare , during the evening 's festivity , to bestow she gracious favour on my choice of wife -- and if we be late for lunch , the old boot will not forgive . so you get you to my lady 's chamber and produce she with or without she undergarment . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . morning . viola have she dress on and be put on she shoe . will , in he underwear be in mid-argument . will you cannot ! not for the Queen herself ! viola what will you have I do ? marry you instead ? will ( bring up short ) to be the wife of a poor player ? -- can I wish that for Lady Viola , except in my dream ? and yet I would , if I be free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day . viola ( tartly ) you follow you desire freely enough in the night . so , if that be all , to greenwich I go . will then I will go with you . viola you cannot , Wessex will kill you will I know how to fight ! viola ( now fix she hair ) stage fight ! ( turn to he ) oh , will ! as Thomas Kent my heart belong to you but as Viola the river divide we , and I will marry Wessex a week from Saturday . int . do lessepse ' house . outside viola' bedroom downstair hall . morning . the ranting from wessex have continue wessex ( ranting ) by heaven , I will drag she down , by the Queen 's command and be cut off short as viola be door open at the top of the stair . viola good morning , my lord ! wessex ( impressed by she appearance ) ah ! my lady ! the tide wait for no man , but I swear it would wait for you ! viola come down the stair . behind she will appear gown and bonnete . he have also assume a country accent . will here we come at last , my lord ! wessex ( take aback ) be you bring you laundry woman ? will her chaperone . my lady 's country cousin . ( arrive with a curtsey ) my , but you be a handsome gallant , just as she say ! you may call I miss wilhelmina ! wessex on a more fortuitous occasion , perhaps will oh , my lord , you will not shake I off , she never need I more , I sear by you breech ! ext . greenwich palace . night . firework explode in the evening sky over greenwich , a royal palace , crowded now with noble guest . ext . greenwich palace . terrace . night . the way this royal rout work be that guest mill about , chat , bow and generally behave gallantly , while queen elizabeth create a vortex around she as she pass through the throng , occasionally honour somebody with a couple of word , until she arrive thankfully at the best chair where she establish a headquarters . her current lord in waiting ferries the lucky few forward to a brief audience with the queen , each give way to the next . viola and wessex be , respectively , dip and bow as they be greet by people who know they will , in close attendance , join in gratuitously , bow until viola nudge he and remind he to curtsey instead . the queen' lord in waiting pluck wessex be sleeve . wessex ( to he ) now ? lord in waiting now . wessex ( to Viola ) the Queen ask for you . answer well . the lord in waiting usher viola through the crowd . will start to follow . wessex take he by the arm . wessex ( cont 'd ) be there a man ? will a man , my lord ? wessex ( impatiently ) there be a man , poet - - a theatre poet , I hear -- do he come to the house ? will a theatre poet ? wessex a insolent penny - a- page rogue , marlowe , he say , Christopher marlowe - - have he be to the house ? will marlowe ? oh yes , he be the one , lovely waistcoat , shame about the poetry . wessex ( venomously ) that dog ! angle on the queen . the lord in waiting have present viola . viola speak from a freeze curtsey . viola you majesty . queen stand up straight , girl . viola straighten . the queen examine she . queen ( cont 'd ) I have see you . you be the one who come to all the play -- at whitehall , at Richmond . viola ( agree ) you majesty . queen what do you love so much ? viola you majesty queen speak out ! I know who I be . do you love storey of king and queen ? feat of arm ? or be it courtly love ? viola I love theatre . to have storey act for I by a company of fellow be indeed queen ( interrupt ) they be not act for you , they be act for I . viola remain silent , in apology . angle on will . he be watch and listen . he have never see the queen so close . he be fascinate . queen ( cont 'd ) and --? viola and I love poetry above all . queen above Lord Wessex ? she look over viola' shoulder and viola realise wessex have move up behind she . wessex bow . queen ( cont 'd ) ( to wessex ) my Lord -- when you can not find you wife you have better look for she at the playhouse . the courtier titter at she pleasantry . queen ( cont 'd ) but playwright teach nothing about love , they make it pretty , they make it comical , or they make it lust . they can not make it true . viola ( blurt ) oh , but they can ! she have forget herself . the courtier gasp . the queen consider she . wessex look furious . will be touch . viola ( cont 'd ) I mean you majesty , they do not , they have not , but I believe there be one who can wessex Lady Viola be young in the world . you majesty be wise in it . nature and truth be the very enemy of playact . I will wager my fortune . queen I think you be here because you have none . titter again . wessex could kill somebody . queen ( cont 'd ) ( by way of dismiss he ) well , no one will take you wager , it seem . will fifty pound ! shock and horror . queen elizabeth be the only person amused . queen fifty pound ! a very worthy sum on a very worthy question . can a play show we the very truth and nature of love ? I bear witness to the wager , and will be the judge of it as occasion arise . ( which win a scatter of applause . she gather she skirt and stand ) I have not see anything to settle it yet . ( she move away , everybody bow and scraping ) so -- the firework will be soothing after the excitement of Lady Viola 's audience . ( and now she be next to wessex who be bow low . intimately to he ) have she then , but you be a lordly fool . she have be pluck since I see she last , and not by you . it take a woman to know it . the queen pass by , and as wessex come vertical again , we see he face a mask of furious realisation . wessex ( to himself ) marlowe ! int . burbage's house . entrance . day . christopher marlowe shut the door behind he . above he , the ceiling creak to the rhythm of copulation . he have a sheaf of manuscript page in he hand . he go to the stair . marlowe burbage ! the creak stop . burbage's voice who 's there ? int . burbage's house . stair . day . marlowe ascend . marlowe marlowe . burbage's voice kit ! int . burbage's house . bedroom . day . marlowe enter , ignore the situation on the bed where rosaline be astride burbage . marlowe you be play my faustus this afternoon . do not spend yourself in sport . rosaline ( work hard ) this afternoon ! -- we will still be here this afternoon . burbage what do you want , kit ? marlowe my massacre at Paris be complete . burbage you have the last act ? marlowe you have the money ? burbage tomorrow . marlowe ( leave ) then tomorrow you will have the page . burbage wait ! ( to rosaline ) will you desist ! marlowe twenty pound on delivery burbage what be money to I like we ? besides , if I need a play , I have another wait , a comedy by Shakespeare . marlowe Romeo ? -- he give it to henslowe . burbage never ! marlowe well , I be to deptford now , I leave my respects , miss rosaline . burbage I give Shakespeare two sovereign for Romeo ! marlowe ( leave ) you do . but ned alleyn and the Admiral 's Men have the play of it as the Rose . burbage treachery ! burbage rouse himself violently , throw rosaline off the bed . the glass bracelet be flung from she wrist . it break on the floor , release a strip of paper . burbage pick it up . what he read on it do not please he : it be will be signature . burbage ( cont 'd ) traitor and thief ! ext . street . day . burbage and a solid wedge of the chamberlain mend be cleave a path through the crowd . they face be grim . int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium / under the stage . day . we be in Act III scene i. ned alleyn as " mercutio " and nol as " benvolio " , and two " montague " sidekick be in occupation of the stage , when the " capulet " swagger in , four of they head by jame hemming as " tybalt . " nol as benvolio " by my head , here come the capulet . " alleyn as mercutio " by my heel , I care not . " jame hemming as tybalt " follow I close , for I will speak to they . ( with bombast to " mercutio " ) gentlemen , good e'en : a word with one of you . " ned come out of character . alleyn be you go to do it like that ? and before the humble actor can reply ned continue . alleyn ( as mecutio ) and but one word with one of we ? couple it with something , make it a word and a blow . but suddenly six more man and a dog invade the stage , ready to fight . burbage and the chamberlain men have arrive to avenge burbage be honour with sword , club , and a bucket ( contain pig swill ) . burbage where be that thieve hack who can not keep he pen in he own ink pot !? will have already leapt up onto the stage . will what be this rabble ?! burbage aim a blow at will , who duck and grab a stave from the nearest actor , and parry the blow . he swing at burbage , a chamberlain man swing at will , thomas cry out , someone else slashes the stage hanging bring down the drape , and in a moment the admiral be men and the chamberlain be men , use they much rehearse skill , be brawling with weapon and fist , use everything short of unbuttone rapier . crab , the dog , be yapping and snap at any leg he can reach . henslowe , a little slow to catch up on the situation , check the page in he hand . fennyman , much slower to catch up , watch enthralled . fennyman ( to henslowe ) wonderful , wonderful ! and a dog ! but now henslowe have work out that this actor do not belong , nor do the scene . he enter the fray , but he interest be protect he property . Big burly ralph be use a couple of unlit torch as weapon ; he break one of they over a enemy 's back and henslowe turn on ralph henslowe not with my prop ! viola be do well enough , trip up a enemy with a well - judge stave , and then use it to deflect a blow aim at will viola will ! what --? will a literary feud . quite normal . then he be smashed over the head . he fall off the stage take viola with he . under the stage be a space ( know as Hell ) and will shove viola into this space . will ( cont 'd ) stay hide ! he get back onto the stage , where the going on be worthy of the four musketeer and Robin Hood combine , with SAM gosse , dress as " juliet , " fight with the best of they . there be a stack of cushion , store for the expensive seat , and as the stack 's knock over , ned alleyn and other grab cushion to use as shield . soon cushion be be rip , and the air be full of fly feather . the trap door in the stage open , viola be head pop up . she look around and , surround by milling leg and float feather , a boot catch she sideways and half knock she wig off . in danger of have she cover blow , she duck down again , leave the trap open just nicely for will to plummet down it . int . the rose theatre . under the stage . day . will I dream last night of a shipwreck . you be cast ashore in a far country . they embrace and kiss . in a moment they be in a world of they own . int . the rose theatre . under the stage . day . the battle rage . fennyman , alone now in the auditorium , continue to watch entrance . it 's the great show he 's ever see . henslowe be desperately try to rescue odd prop that have be seconded to the fight . someone pick up a tree that be to be use in Romeo . henslowe yell . henslowe we need that for the balcony scene ! fennyman notice this , and it ring a distant bell . he look around the realise that some of this face be unfamiliar . the tree come crash down on ralph be head . fennyman look at henslowe . henslowe ( cont 'd ) ( in despair ) my poor Rose ! he collapse on to a break bench . fennyman come over to he , grab the script page from he pocket , and consult they to confirm what he have now begin to suspect : that this scene be not in they . fennyman ( horrify ) my investment ! lambert !!! lambert have be sleep peacefully through this , but wake to he master 's call . fennyman ( cont 'd ) ( point at the fray ) vengeance ! henslowe attempt to intervene . henslowe I want no more trouble , Mr. fennyman . as I explain to you , the theatre business fennyman henslowe , you pound of tripe , in my business I would be out of business if I have you courage , so do not tell I about business and he deliver a tell blow to a pass chamberlain be man , who wheel off the stage . lambert meanwhile be make short work of the rest of the opposition , receive help with the thorny business of identification from SAM . stray member of the chamberlain men be run from the theatre , as burbage , fight a heroic last stand , be tip backwards by fennyman off the stage and into a bucket of swill . a pause . then ned start applaud . the other , weary from fight , start applaud too , from all level of the theatre . fennyman look around , start to beam , as a din of encore and bravo engulf he . a star ! int . brothel . night . the victorious army of actor burst into the brothel , fennyman at they head . he own the brothel . the place be already crowded with whore and customer . it 's a party . fennyman ( shout ) a famous victory ! keg and leg . open and on the house ! oh what happy hour ! ( and grab a raddle whore ) poxy pol ! you keep yourself to yourself I will not have you infect my investment ! viola as thomas ( look around guardedly . to will ) be this a tavern ? will it be also a tavern . will sit she down in the company and take the chair next to she a pretty whore immediately sit on will be knee and kiss he . pretty whore I remember you ! the poet ! viola furiously pull the pretty whore off will be lap . pretty whore ( cont 'd ) one at a time , one at a time ! second whore ( to viola ) oh , he 's a pretty one ! tell I you story while I tickle you fancy ! viola as thomas oh ! -- it 's -- it 's - - oh , it 's a house of ill - repute ! will it be , Thomas , but of good reputation . come , there be no harm in a drink . glass be shove into they hand . everyone have a glass . except ralph ralph ( decline the glass ) never when I be work ! the pretty whore have turn she attention to SAM . SAM look uncomfortable pretty whore never try it ? never ? ( grop he ) I think you be ready , Sam ! fennyman shout a toast . fennyman ( raise he glass ) you be welcome to my best house ! here 's to the Admiral 's Men ! everybody drink . viola drink too . she decide too . she decide to enjoy it . she bang down she glass . viola as thomas ( shout ) the Admiral 's Men ! will toast with she . he see that she feel one of the company . ext . STREET . night . a figure be run desperately through the street . he come into the square and run towards the Rose . ext . brothel . night . half the company be sing . nol and a whore be tumble down the stair together . he be without he trousers . a awful lot of drink have go down . SAM ( to the prettiest whore ) I quite like it . viola , bright eye , be bang she glass on the table in time to a song which be be drunkenly deliver by a barbershop quartet of actor . fennyman reel into viola . fennyman master Kent ! you have not dip you wick ? viola as thomas ( baffle ) my wick ? will ( save she ) Mr. fennyman , because you love the theatre you must have a part in my play . I be write a apothecary , a small but vital role . fennyman ( embrace will ) by heaven , I thank you ! I will be you apothecary ! in he general enthusiasm , he embrace the next man , who be ralph , stone cold sober . fennyman ( cont 'd ) I be to be in you play . whore ( to ralph ) and what be this play about ? ralph well , there 's this nurse fennyman , beside himself , shout for silence , announce fennyman Mr. Shakespeare have give I the part of the apothecary ! henslowe the apothecary ? will , what be the story ? where be the shipwreck ? how do the comedy end ? will by God , I wish I know . henslowe by God , will , if you do not , who do ? let we have pirate , clown , and a happy end , or we will send you back to stratford to you wife ! that go down every well with the entire company except for viola and will . he look at she , helplessly , then make as if to say something . viola duck away from he and blunder blindly out of the street door , in tear . viola pass peter who be come in from the street . will , attempt to follow viola , be grab round the shoulder by peter who , we now see , be in a highly emotional state . will try to fight he off but peter have the strength of the news he bring . peter ( shout ) will ! Mr. henslowe ! gentlemen all ! he bring the room to silence . peter ( cont 'd ) a black day for we all ! there be news come up river from deptford . marlowe be dead . there be general gasp and cry for information . peter ( cont 'd ) stabbed ! stabbed to death in a tavern at deptford ! no one be more affect than will . this second blow be worse than the first . he stand horror-stricken . will oh what have I do ? alleyn ( stand up ) he be the first man among we . a great light have go out . ext . brothel . night . will come staggering out into the street . will it be I who kill he ! God forgive I , God forgive I ! he fall into a stagnant puddle , a deep gutter of water and garbage . he get up and stagger on . ext . church tower . night . a church tower loom up in the night sky . int . church . night . this be where will have come . the church be empty , but for the dement , grieve figure of shakespeare , kneel , praying , weep , bang he head , in he private purgatory , dimly light by tallow candle , gaze upon by effigy of the dead and image of he redeemer . he be wet , bedraggle , weed and leave in he hair . ext . do lessepse ' house . day . a lovely sunny morning . the church bell be ringing . viola and the nurse , mount , approach . viola ride sidesaddle on a beautiful horse , and be follow , rather like Quixote by Sancho , by the nurse on a less impressive animal . Riding in the opposite direction , be wessex . and what a happy day it be . he sing and hum to himself merrily . here be a man who have hear wonderful news . he see viola and greet she merrily . wessex you look sad , my lady ! let I take you riding . viola it be not my riding day , my lord . wessex bless I , I think it be a horse . viola I be go to church . wessex ( recompose he feature to solemnity ) I understand of course . it be to be expect . viola it be to be expect on a Sunday . wessex and on a day of mourn . I never meet the fellow but once at you house . viola ( can not take this in ) mourn ? who be dead , my lord ? wessex oh ! -- dear God , I do not think it would be I to tell you . a great loss to playwrite , and to dance . viola almost faint . the nurse steady she . viola ( faintly ) he be dead ? wessex ( cheerfully solemn ) kill last night , in a tavern ! come , then , we will say a prayer for he soul viola give a silent cry . the nurse be speak to she in distress . nurse my lady my lady now be the time to show you breeding . int . church . day . the nurse be hold viola up as they enter the church . viola seem catatonic . the nurse lower she onto a seat and sit down next to she . as they sit , the choir enter sing . wessex , who be sit in the next pew , look about he with interest . he have not be in a church for year . what he see turn he to jelly . he see will shakespeare . angle on will . will be a spectral , bedraggle figure , backlit by a great shaft of light , he would look like a ghost at the best of time , and this be the worst . bleed from where he have bang he head , bedraggle and ravage by the night , he stand in a side chapel stare at wessex . wessex gasp and sweat , and see will raise a quivering accusatory finger at he . wessex crack . he start to mumble . wessex oh , spare I , dear ghost , spare I for the love of Christ ! now viola see will . she be still paralyse , and seem at first unable to take he in . she watch with detachment as wessex start to back out of the church , finally run in terror . wessex ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) spare I ! the choir continue to sing , but the scream bring viola to she sense and she run to a side door where will be leave . ext . church . day . outside , viola see will , staggering away from the church . she call he name . viola will ! he do not answer . she run after he . viola ( cont 'd ) oh , my love , I think you be dead ! she clap he to she . they tell each other for a moment then will pull back . will it be worse . I have kill a man . ext . meadow . day . viola be horse graze . will lie on he back , still sober and full of guilt . viola sit on the grass among the buttercup and look down at he . viola be plait a finger- ring from stem of grass . she have not yet reveal she feeling . will marlowe 's touch be in my titus andronicus and my Henry VI be a house build on he foundation . viola you never speak so well of he . will he be not dead before . I would exchange all my play to come for all of he that will never come . viola you lie . will turn to look at she . viola ( cont 'd ) you lie in you meadow as you lie in my bed . will my love be no lie . I have a wife , yes , and I cannot marry the daughter of Sir Robert de lessep . it need no wife come from stratford to tell you that . and yet you let I come to you bed . viola calf love . I love the writer , and give up the prize for a sonnet . will I be the more deceive . voila yes -- you be deceive . for I never love you till now . will now ? viola ( declare herself ) I love you , will , beyond poetry . will oh , my love ( he kiss she ) you run from I before . viola you be not dead before . when I think you dead , I do not care about all the play that will never come , only that I would never see you face . I see we end , and it will come . will you can not marry Wessex ! viola if not Wessex the Queen will know the cause and there will be no more will Shakespeare . they kiss again , passionately . will no no . viola ( through he kiss ) but I will go to Wessex as a widow from this vow , as solemn as they be unsanctify . and as they desperate kiss turn into lovemake we cut to : int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium . day . will ( he be mid speech ) for kill juliet 's kinsman tybalt , the one who kill Romeo 's friend mercutio , Romeo be banish he be on the stage of the Rose . the entire company be assemble , henslowe and fennyman include , hold page of manuscript , which they be share together , examine the separate page , pass page to each other , etc . will be mood be intense and focus . will ( cont 'd ) but the Friar who marry Romeo and juliet actor ( edward ) be that I . will ? will you , Edward . the Friar who marry they give juliet a potion to drink . it be a secret potion . it make she seem dead . she be place in the tomb of the capulet . she will awake to life and love when Romeo come to she side again . the company murmur approval . will ( cont 'd ) I have not say all . by malign fate , the message go astray which would tell Romeo of the Friar 's plan . he hear only that juliet be dead . and thus he go to the apothecary . fennyman that 's I . will and busy a deadly poison . he enter the tomb to say farewell to juliet who lie there cold as death . he drink the poison . he die by she side . and then she wake and see he dead . henslowe be fascinate and appal . will ( cont 'd ) and so juliet take he dagger and kill herself . pause . will be stare at viola henslowe well , that will have they roll in the aisle . fennyman sad and wonderful ! I have a blue velvet cap which will do well , I have see apothecary with a cap just so . alleyn ( to will ) yes -- it will serve . but there 's a scene miss between marriage and death . will be still stare at viola . aware , suddenly , of the other watch , she break he gaze and drop she head . will look at ned . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . evening . will and viola . viola dress as thomas . he have present for she - - a neatly write manuscript of he play , on sheet fold to octavo size . will the play . all write out for you . I have the clerk at bridewell do it , he have a good fist for lettering . she want to accept the present with joy , but something in he mood restrain she . will ( cont 'd ) there 's a new scene he turn the page and show she . viola will you read it for I ? will ( he know it ) " wilt thou be go ? it be not yet near day&gt ; it be the nightingale and not the lark that pierce the fearful hollow of thine ear . nightly she sing on yon pomegranate tree . believe I , love , it be the nightingale . " viola ( read ) " it be the lark , the herald of the morn , no nightingale . look , love , what envious streak do lace the sever cloud in yonder east . night 's candle be burnt out , and jocund day stands tiptoe on the misty mountain top . I must be go and live , or stay and die . " the word of the scene become will be and viola be , they way of say the farewell they cannot utter . will " yon light be not daylight , I know it , I . it be some meteor that the sun exhales to be to thee this night a torchbearer " int . the rose theatre . backstage . day . but the scene be continue with viola dress as " thomas . " somewhere behind and up above the stage , in a desert corner among rigging , bit of scenery , etc. , they speak the line and we hardly know ourselves whether it be rehearsal or lovemake . but after a few moment it be definitely lovemake . they clothes start come away , they word interrupt by kiss . will " thou need 'st not to be go . " viola " I have more care to stay than will to go . come death , and welcome . juliet will it so . how be 't my soul ? let 's talk . it be not day . " by now , she loosen bosom - bandage have be pull away and will passionately embrace she nakedness . and into this heaving composition come a little white mouse , unseen my they , climb through a knot hole in the planking behind viola be head . a adjacent knot hole reveal a human eye and we do not need to be tell it be JOHN webster be . webster take he eye away from the peephole , and frown , think it out . ext . alleway . day . tilney put a coin in webster be hand . tilney you will go far , I fear . tilney ( cont 'd ) I hope we work together again . tilney walk away . ext . the rose theatre . day . a man be pace up and down , in a sort of agony . he be mutter . he be glance at a sheet of paper . he be fennyman rehearse the important role of the apothecary , for which he have a special voice . fennyman " such mortal drug I have but mantua 's law be death to any he that utter they . " then he . then I . " put this in any liquid thing you will and " -- something he have dry up . he curse -- the terror and despair . fennyman ( cont 'd ) " such mortal drug I have " what be it ? what be it ? he be so wrap up in all this that he simply do not notice when wessex ride up to the main entrance dismount and walk inside . int . the rose theatre . stage / auditorium . day . onstage , the rehearsal continue . wessex stride in . among the audience be henslowe , a few actor and JOHN webster who see wessex and jump up and go to he . webster my lord ! wessex knock he aside and continue . wessex ( shout ) Shakespeare ! everything stop . wessex ( cont 'd ) you upstart inky pup ! now I will show you you place , which be in hell ! will you be on my ground . wessex ( draw he sword ) by God , I will fight the lot of you will draw he sword . will I be more than enough . viola react . she almost give herself away . but the fight have start . wessex slashes at will . will know how to fight . he parry and thrust . wessex be surprised . the fight go fast and furious around the stage , until will thrust accurately at wessex be chest and would have kill he but for the button on he sword - point . wessex grapples with he , and now it become a parody of the hamlet duel ; wessex be unbuttone sword fall to the ground , will put he foot on it , toss wessex he own safe sword , pick up Wessex 's sword and continue the fight until he have wessex at he mercy . will have fight with a passionate rage that have everybody stare at he . now the look in he eye be merciless . will ( cont 'd ) absent friend ! ( to the assembly ) this be the murderer of kit marlowe ! ned alleyn come forward look worried and dubious . alleyn will wessex I rejoice at he death because I think it be yours . that be all I know of marlowe . alleyn it 's true , will -- it be a tavern brawl marlowe attack , and get he own knife in the eye . a quarrel about the bill henslowe the bill ! oh , vanity , vanity ! alleyn not the billing , the bill ! will step back , and sink to he knee . his relief could not be great . will ( to the heaven ) oh God , I be free of it ! wessex get to he foot . tilney enter the auditorium from the public entrance . wessex Close it ! tilney my Lord Wessex ! wessex ( foam ) Close it ! take it down stone by stone ! I want it ploughed into the ground , and sow with quick lime ! wessex storm out past the bewilder tilney . henslowe Mr. tilney , what be this ? tilney sedition and indecency ! henslowe what ?! webster master of the revel , sir , over here , sir . tilney ( to webster ) where , boy ? webster ( point ) I see she bubby ! tilney ( shocked and gratify ) a woman on the stage ? a woman ? webster I swear it ! the company of actor be dumbstruck . none more than viola . tilney so , henslowe ! I say this theatre be close ! on the authority of the power invest in my by the court -- I close this theatre ! henslowe why so ? tilney ( triumphantly ) for lewdness and unshamefacedness ! for display a female on the public stage ! tilney be unstoppable . he jump on the stage and seize SAM gosse . before webster or anyone can intervene , tilney pull up he skirt , ignore SAM be rather gutteral yell of protest and pull down SAM be drawer . tilney be face be a study . so be everybody else 's . webster roll he eye ( oh , this stupid grow - up ! ) and deftly throw one of he mouse onto " romeo be " hair . viola give a shrill scream , the startle mouse descend she neck via viola be ear , and seek a entry into she collar . by which time viola have go berserk and tear off she wig . her hair be pin up but there be no question she gender . will be paralyse . viola give he a look of terrible despair and apology . webster ( point at SAM ) not he . ( point at viola ) she . henslowe he 's a woman ! by now the scene be play to a crowded theatre , or so it seem . tilney that 's who I mean ! this theatre be close ! notice will be post ! SAM have pick himself up , and he drawer . henslowe ( to ned ) ned , I swear I know nothing of this ! viola ( hope to protect will ) nobody know ! webster ( point at will ) he do ! I see he kissing she bubby ! everybody look at will , who stare at viola , helpless . tilney close ! close , mark you , henslowe ! tilney turn on he heel and leave in triumph . the company be still polax . henslowe ( in despair ) it be over . viola I be so sorry , Mr. henslowe . I want to be a actor . ( she turn to will ) I be sorry , will . will shake he head . this can not be the end . viola walk away , leave by the public entrance . they all let she go , watch she silently . as she pass wabash wabash y-y-y - you w- with - w- be w-w- with -w - wonderful . viola thank you . as she be leave , will come to life . he start off towards she but he progress be halt by a sock to the jaw from ned alleyn . will fall down in the dust . fennyman enter , still bent over he sheet of paper , mumble he precious line . when he reach the groundling yard , he find to he surprise the whole company be stand about in attitude of despair or worse . fennyman look around . fennyman everything all right ? ext . the rose theatre . evening . the closure notice be nail to the door . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . night . viola , in she nightdress , be read by candlelight . she be read she private manuscript of Romeo and juliet and reread . next to she be a tray of cover dish . the nurse enter and look at she sympathetically . she lift the tray . she realise it be heavy . she put it down and raise the cover and see that viola have eat nothing . she look at viola be tear , but there be nothing to be say . int . tavern . day . they be all there -- the admiral be men , include will and henslowe , drown they sorrow . everyone be drunk . fennyman be also there , take the disaster somewhat selfishly . fennyman ( mutter ) I would have be good I would have be great . he hand a flask to ralph who be in a similar mood . ralph so would I . we both would . ralph contemplate the flask , and , since he 's not work , take a swig . a moment later , he keel over , rigid as a pole . the street door crash open . burbage enter . behind he enter a solid wedge of the chamberlain be men , sober -face , several with black eye and bandage round they head . fennyman ( shout ) lambert ! lambert , fennyman be henchman and killer , put down he tankard and come forward , casually kick chair and table out of he way . fennyman ( cont 'd ) kill he ! lambert reach up to the wall over the bar and take down once of the ceremonial weapon hang there - - a battle -axe . but burbage have flintlock pistol stick into he sash . burbage draw and the pistol roar , shoot flame , lambert curse , drop the axe , nurse he wounded hand . burbage put the pistol back into he sash . ned alleyn be half - drunk at a table . he stagger to he foot . he face burbage . alleyn well , burbage - - you never do know when you scene be over . burbage that can wait . the master of the revel despise we for vagrant , tinker , and peddler of bombast . but my father , James burbage , have the first licence to make a company of player from her majesty , and he draw from poet the literature of the age . they fame will be we fame . so let they all know , we be man of part . we be a brotherhood , and we will be a profession . will Shakespeare have a play . I have a theatre . the curtain be yours . ext . the curtain theatre . day . a strong wind be blow through the tree . a boy with a paste - pot and a bundle of flyer , be have trouble pasting a flyer on the wall of the building . a gust of wind scatter the bundle and send a couple of dozen flyer fly into the sky . the boy with the paste - pot run around , try to recover that he can . we look at the poster . it say by permission of mr . burbage a hugh fennyman production of mr . henslowe's presentation of the admiral be men in performance of the excellent and lamentable tragedy of romeo and juliet with Mr. fennyman as the apothecary will come out of the theatre , and pass the poster . he walk on without look at it . a voice call after he : henslowe will ! will do not turn to look at he . henslowe ( cont 'd ) we will be need a Romeo will carry on walk . ext . street . day . will be push through the crowd on he way to the river . int . do lessepse ' house . viola' bedroom . day . the nurse be help viola to dress -- in a wedding dress . the nurse be in tear . viola submit to the task impassively . ext . the river . day . will be climb down the ladder to the wait boat . int . do lessepse ' house . hall . day . wessex , dress to be a bridegroom be conclude he negotiation with do lessep , while lady do lessep weep . do lessep be signing papers . there be a money chest , too . wessex my ship be moor at bankside , bound for Virginia on the afternoon tide -- please do not weep , Lady De lessep , you be gain a colony . do lessep and you be gain five thousand pound , my lord by this draft in my hand . wessex would you oblige I with fifty or so in gold ? -- just to settle my account at the dockside ? do lessep sigh and unlock he money chest . wessex place he empty purse on the desk . wessex ( cont 'd ) ah ! -- look , she come ! viola have appear at the top of the stair with the nurse . viola good morning , my lord . I see you be open for business so let 's to church . ext . do lessepse ' house . day . will be run across the grass towards the house . as he cross the bridge over the moat , a carriage bear down on he , and he have to flatten himself against the wall of the gatehouse as the carriage pass , take wessex and he bride to church . will be face , as he watch the carriage disappear . distant bell begin to peal ext . church door . day . the bell announce the completion of the marriage - - as wessex and the new lady wessex leave the church . viola be veil be fly in the wind , and beneath it we can just see viola be unhappy face . the do lessep family entourage be applaud . wessex beam with satisfaction . suddenly the sky and the wind deliver a message - - a flyer from the curtain slap against wessex be face . he claw at it and try to throw it away . the wind deliver it to viola be bosom . she take it up and read it . and pass it to the nurse . wessex descend the step to where the curtain carriage await the bride and groom . he gallantly hold the door for viola to enter . she climb aboard . wessex make to follow she . nurse my lord ! the nurse grasp he in a move embrace , to wessex be discomfort . nurse ( cont 'd ) be good to she , my lord ! wessex I will . he try to disengage . she will not have it . nurse God bless you ! wessex thank you . let go , there 's a good nurse . after a couple of further attempt , wessex extricate himself . wessex ( cont 'd ) the tide will not wait . farewell ! wessex pull aside the curtain and get in . int . carriage . day . it take a moment for wessex to realise he be alone in there . he look around but viola have fle . ext . the curtain theatre . day . hundred of people be converge on the theatre . among they be the puritan makepeace , vainly exhort the crowd to run away from sin makepeace licentiousness be make a show , vice be make a show , vanity and pride likewise make a show ! this be the very business of show but makepeace be be carry inexorably through the main door of the theatre . int . the curtain theatre . backstage . day . the admiral be men be all in costume , and be in a buzz of nervous excitement . alleyn , dress for " mercutio , " be give last minute instruction to peter . jame and JOHN hemming be argue about the timing of they entrance . fennyman in he apothecary 's cap be agonise over he line . wabash be stutter over he . alone in he dejection in the midst of all this , be will , dress for " romeo . " fennyman approach he , apothecary 's cap in hand . fennyman be this all right ? will nod , miserable . SAM have find a private corner . he be gargle into a basin . he look worried and furtive . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . the audience be gather . ext . the curtain theatre . day . Word have get around . even rich people be come . they arrive by carriage and by palanquin . some of they be cloak and hood , slumming incognito . a cannon boom from the curtain . the flag of the admiral be men flutter above . ext . the curtain theatre . entrance . day . lambert and free be take the entrance money . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . the auditorium be now pack . among they , sheepish , be makepeace . int . the curtain theatre . backstage . day . everything be ready . ned signal the musician . trumpets and drum sound . the house fall silent . int . the curtain theatre . the wing . day . wabash seem to be important at the beginning . we have never be tell what part he play . he be still mutter line and stutter they . wabash ( mutter ) t-t -t- two h-h-households b-both alike in d-d-d-dignity . will listen to he in agony . he find henslowe next to he . will ( to henslowe ) we be lose . henslowe no , it will turn out well . will how will it ? henslowe I do not know , it 's a mystery . and off we go . henslowe clap wabash on the shoulder and send he through the curtain . angle on wabash int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . the audience wait expectantly . wabash gather himself . wabash as the chorus t-t-t-t-two int . the curtain theatre . backstage . day . will shut he eye and pray . int . the curtain theatre . stage / auditorium . day . wabash launch himself into a perfect audacious delivery like a star . wabash as the chorus " Household both alike in dignity ( in fair verona where we lay we scene ) from ancient grudge break to new mutiny , where civil blood make civil hand unclean . from forth the fatal loin of this two foe a pair of star - cross would lover take they life , whose misadventure piteous overthrow doth with they death bury they parent ' strife " ext . STREET . day . viola and the nurse , hurry toward the curtain . int . the curtain theatre . backstage . day . hemming brother be ready to go on as " sampson " and " grocery , " Act I scene I . they shake hand . Beyond the curtain , the audience applaud the prologue as wabash come through the curtain backstage . will ( to wabash ) wonderful ! wabash w-w-w - be it g-g-g-good ? the hemming brother enter the arena and the play begin . Pov : from the wing : JOHN hemming as sampson " Gregory , on my word we will not carry coal . " jame hemming as gregory " no , for then we should be collier . " will look as if he would rather be dead . SAM gosse approach will , nervously . SAM ( nervously -- in a deep bass guttural hoarse voice ) master Shakespeare will ( absently ) luck be with you , Sam . ( as the awful truth get through to he ) Sam ? SAM ( in the same voice ) it be not my fault , master Shakespeare . I could do it yesterday . will Sam ! do I a speech , do I a line . SAM ( the effect be horrible ) " parting be such sweet sorrow " henslowe have be overhear . henslowe another little problem . will what do we do now ? henslowe the show must you know will go on . henslowe juliet do not come on for twenty page . it will be all right . will how will it ? henslowe I do not know . it 's a mystery . and he make he way towards the front of the house . ext . STREET . day . a furious wessex be hurry along the road to the theatre . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium / stage . day . viola and the nurse be arrive , and look for a seat in the gallery . burbage and he men be stand at the back , behind the people seat in the gallery . the first scene of the play be continue armitage as abram " do you bite you thumb at we , sir ? " JOHN hemming as sampson " I do bite my thumb , sir . " burbage find henslowe pluck agitatedly at he sleeve . henslowe can we talk ? they be stand behind the back row of the gallery seat . the spectator in front of they be the nurse . she turn round and shush henslowe up . henslowe ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to burbage ) we have no juliet ! burbage ( forget to whisper ) no juliet ?! viola ( turn ) no juliet ?! henslowe it will be all right , madam . viola what happen to Sam ? henslowe who be you ? viola Thomas Kent ! they whisper be cause black look and hush noise from the neighbour . henslowe pull viola from she seat , luckily a aisle seat . henslowe do you know it ? viola ( show the manuscript ) every word . henslowe and burbage look at each other . CUT to : int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . philip as lady capulet " nurse , where be my daughter ? call she forth to I . " ralph as nurse " now by my maidenhead at twelve year old , I bid she come . what , lamb . what ladybird . " int . the curtain theatre . the wing / stage . day . SAM who gather himself , to make he entrance , quietly and horribly practise " how now , who call ? " ralph as nurse ( on stage ) " God forbid . where 's this girl ? the author and star , will shakespeare , have he back to the stage , he hand over he ear . he be cower in dread anticipation . ralph as nurse ( cont 'd ) " what , juliet ! " as SAM be about to enter henslowe be hand yank he by the collar , and viola overtake he and step on stage . enter " juliet . " viola be not wear the be hide from we by she cloak . viola as juliet " how now , who call ? " ralph as nurse " you mother . " viola as juliet " madam . I be here , what be you will ? int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . there be a collective gasp . nobody have ever see a boy player like this . int . the curtain theatre . the wing . day . will take he hand from he ear , and turn round in amazement at the sound of viola be voice . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium / stage . day . wessex have just arrive in the auditorium and jump as if he have be shot . he seem about to intervene , but look around at the rapt face he realise he cannot . int . the curtain theatre . the wing . day . henslowe and burbage look at each other . burbage we will all be put in the clink . henslowe ( shrug ) see you in jail . int . the curtain theatre . backstage . day . fennyman , oblivious to the drama , be practise he line in a fever of nervousness . fennyman " such mortal drug I have but mantua 's Law be death to any he that utter they . " then he . then I . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . swordplay . a amazing performance that hold the audience spellbound . " tybalt " kill " mercutio . " alleyn as mercutio ( to romeo ) " I be hurt . will as romeo courage man . the hurt can not be much . alleyn a mercutio ask for I tomorrow and you shall find I a grave man . " a roll of thunder . over the head of the audience , far above the thatched roof of the theatre , cloud be gather in the sky . on stage " mercutio " be in ' romeo be " arm , but the tone of the play be unlike anything we have see before : without bombast , intense and real . and the audience be quiet and attentive . alleyn as mercutio ( cont 'd ) " -- why the devil come you between we ? I be hurt under you arm . " ext . the curtain theatre . day . in the semirural view towards the City of London , there can be discern a gaggle of approach men and three be something orderly about they . as they come closer , we see that they be a company of pike men , march toward the theatre , lead by the master of the revel , tilney . Thunder roll . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . figure be run across the stage , in the panic that follow " tybalt " death . actor as benvolio " Romeo , away , be go ! the citizen be up and tybalt slain . stand not amaze . the prince will doom thee death if thou art take . hence , be go away ! " will as romeo " I be fortune 's fool ! " actor as benvolio " why dost thou stay ! " int . the curtain theatre . backstage . day . will have just ' kill ' " tybalt . " he be still breathless from fight . he stand face to face with viola . will I be fortune 's fool . they stare at each other , transfix . will ( cont 'd ) you be marry ? pause . she can not answer . will ( cont 'd ) if you be marry , my give be like to be my wedding bed . the implication of she silence fill the air . will do not move . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . we can not tell whether this be the play or they life . the audience , and the rest of the world , might as well not exist . will turn from she and begin to descend from the ' balcony . ' viola as juliet " Art thou go so ? will stop . viola as juliet ( cont 'd ) Love , lord , ay husband , friend , I must hear from thee every day in the hour , for in a minute there be many day . o , by this count I shall be much in year ere I again behold my Romeo " will as " romeo " seem unable to speak . then he say : will as romeo " farewell " all other sound drain away , and time seem to stop . viola as juliet " o think'st thou we shall ever meet again ? methink I see thee , now thou art so low , as one dead in the bottom of a tomb . either my eyesight fail , or thou lookest pale . " will as romeo " trust I , love , in my eye so do you . dry sorrow drink we blood . adieu . adieu " int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . now the friar be give " juliet ' he potion . edward as friar " no warmth , no breath shall testify thou livest and in this borrow would likeness of shrink death thou shall continue two and forty hour and then awake as from a pleasant sleep " int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . it 's fennyman be moment . the " apothecary " and " romeo . " will as romeo " come hither , man . I see that thou art poor . hold , there be forty ducat . let I have a dram of poison - - " fennyman as apothecary " such mortal drug I have but mantua 's law be death to any he that utter they ! " fennyman have cut in several line early , but he conviction be astonish . fennyman as apothecary " my poverty but not my will consent . " will as romeo " I pay thy poverty and not thy will . " ext . STREET . near the curtain theatre . day . tilney , on the march . his hand grip a copy of the curtain flyer . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . " juliet " lie " dead . " she lie on top of she tomb , " lie in stage , " she best dress , she hair do , she hand in prayer at she breast , she eye close . " romeo " have find she like this . will as romeo " eye , look you last ! arm , take you last embrace ! and lip , oh you the door of breath , seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engross death ! come , bitter conduct ; come , unsavory guide ! thou desparate pilot , now at once run on the dash rock thy seasick weary bark ! " as will embrace she , viola' eye flicker open ( shield by will from the audience ) and the lover look at each other for a moment as will and viola rather than as " romeo " and " juliet . " they eye be wet with tear . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . burbage and rosaline be watch . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . kempe be watch . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . we see that in the audience be several of the whore we recognise from the brothel . they be weep openly . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . will be raise the fatal drug in a last toast . will as romeo " here 's to my love ( he drink ) o true apothecary . " int . the curtain theatre . the wing . day . fennyman , move but proud in the wing . fennyman ( whisper to himself ) I be good . I be great . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . will as romeo " thy drug be quick . thus with a kiss I die . " ( and he die ) int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . the nurse be weep too . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . " juliet " wake up with a start . viola as juliet " where be my lord ? I do remember well where I should be , and there I be . where be my Romeo ? " int . the curtain theatre . auditorium . day . nurse ( involuntarily ) Dead ! int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . viola as juliet " what here ? a cup clos' in my true love 's hand ? poison , I see , hath be he timeless end . " int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . " juliet " take " romeo be " dagger . viola as juliet " o happy dagger this be thy sheath . there rust , and let I die . " she stab herself and die . the " inner curtain " close over the tomb . int . the curtain theatre . stage / auditorium . day . high angle on audience and stage . " the prince " play by wabash be have the last word . the prince " for never be a story of more woe than this of juliet and she Romeo . " the end . there be complete silence . the actor be worried . but then the audience go mad with applause . int . the curtain theatre . the inner curtain / stage . day . the inner curtain open , but will and viola , be in a play of they own embrace and kissing passionately , make they own farewell . henslowe be too stunne and move to react at first . then he look at the audience and the penny drop . it 's a hit . int . the curtain theatre . auditorium / stage . day . the audience roar . will , viola , and the company come forward to meet the applause . tilney and he men burst in . tilney jump up onto the stage , where the admiral be men be take they bow . tilney's " cop " ring the stage , face inwards . tilney ( shout triumphantly ) I arrest you in the name of Queen Elizabeth ! the audience go quiet . burbage jump out of the audience onto the stage . burbage arrest who , Mr. tilney ? tilney everybody ! the Admiral 's Men , the Chamberlain 's Men and everyone of you not 'er- do - well who stand in contempt of the authority invest in I by she majesty . burbage contempt ? you close the Rose -- I have not open it . tilney be at a loss but only for a moment . tilney ( he point a " j'accuse " finger at viola ) that woman be a woman ! the entire audience and the actor , recoil and gasp . the nurse cross herself . alleyn what ?! a woman ?! you mean that goat ?! he point at viola , brazen it out without much chance . tilney I will see you all in the clink ! in the same of she majesty Queen Elizabeth and a authoritative voice from the audience interrupt he . voice Mr. tilney ! it be queen elizabeth herself , descend now , she hood and cloak throw back . she be a awesome sight . a shaft of sunlight hit she . queen have a care with my name , you will wear it out . there be a general parting of the wave , soldier and actor , a general back off and bow as queen elizabeth take the limelight . queen ( cont 'd ) the Queen of England do not attend exhibition of public lewdness so something be out of joint . come here , master Kent . let I look at you . viola come forward , and be about to curtsey when she catch the queen be eye , a arrest eye , which arrest the curtsey and turn it into a sweeping bow . queen ( cont 'd ) yes , the illusion be remarkable and you error , Mr. tilney , easily forgiven , but I know something of a woman in a man 's profession , yes , by God , I do know about that . that be enough from you , maser Kent . if only Lord Wessex be here . voice he be , ma'am . the voice belong to JOHN webster . he point firmly at a figure in the audience , wessex , try to look inconspicuous . wessex ( weakly ) you majesty queen there be a wager , I remember as to whether a play can show the very truth and nature of love . I think you lose it today . ( turn to webster ) you be a eager boy . do you like the play ? webster I like it when she stab herself , you majesty . the queen fix will with a beady eye . queen master Shakespeare . next time to you come to greenwich , come as yourself and we will speak some more . will bow deeply . the queen turn to leave . the wave part for she . int . the curtain theatre . MAIN entrance . day . the queen be bow out through the door . ext . the curtain theatre . day . a gaggle of the queen be favour courtier wait by she carriage . wessex be hurry down the exterior staircase as the queen emerge from the theatre . during the follow a general egress from the auditorium be take place , include some of the actor crowd to see she off . wessex bow out of breath . wessex you majesty ! queen why , Lord Wessex ! lose you wife so soon ? wessex indeed I be a bride short . how be this to end ? viola have come out of the theatre , amongst some of the other player . the queen catch she eye . queen as storey must when love 's deny -- with tear and a journey . that whom God have join in marriage , not even I can put asunder . queen ( cont 'd ) ( she turn to viola ) Lord Wessex , as I foretold , have lose he wife in the play - house -- go make you farewell and send she out . it 's time to settle account . ( to wessex ) how much be the wager ? wessex fifty shilling . ( the queen give he a look ) pound . queen give it to master Kent . he will see it rightfully home . wessex give he purse to viola . queen ( cont 'd ) ( to viola ) and tell Shakespeare something more cheerful next time for twelfth night . the queen proceed towards she carriage . there be a enormous puddle between she and she carriage . the queen hesitates for a fraction and then march through the puddle as cloak descend upon it . queen ( cont 'd ) too late , too late . she splashes she way into she carriage , which depart . int . the curtain theatre . stage . day . will ( heartbroken , testing she name ) my Lady Wessex ? viola nod , heartbroken too . for a long moment they can not say anything to each other . the she hold up Wessex 's purse . viola a hire player no longer . fifty pound , will , for the poet of true love . will I be do with theatre . the playhouse be for dreamer . look where the dream have bring we . viola it be we ourselves do that . and for my life to come I would not have it otherwise . will I have hurt you and I be sorry for it . viola if my hurt be to be that you will write no more , then I shall be the sorrier . will look at she . viola ( cont 'd ) the Queen command a comedy , will for twelfth night . will ( harshly ) a comedy ! what will my hero be but the saddest wretch in the kingdom , sick with love ? viola a excellent beginning ( a beat ) let he be a duke . and you heroine ? will ( bitterly ) sold in marriage and half way to America . viola ( adjust ) at sea , then - - a voyage to a new world ? she land upon a vast and empty shore . she be bring to the duke orsino . will ( despite himself ) orsino good name viola but fearful of she virtue , she come to he dress as a boy will ( catch it ) and thus unable to declare she love pause . they look at each other . suddenly the conversation seem to be about they . viola but all end well . will how do it ? viola I do not know . it 's a mystery will half smile . then he 's serious . they look deeply at each other and rush into each other 's arm . will ( cont 'd ) you will never age for I , nor fade , nor die . viola nor you for I . will good bye , my love , a thousand time good bye . viola write I well . she kiss he with finality . then turn and run from he . will watch as she go . int . will be room . day . a blank page . a hand be write : twelfth night . we see will sit at he table . will ( vo ) my story start at sea a perilous voyage to a unknown land a shipwreck ext . underwater . day . two figure plunge into the water will ( vo ) the wild water roar and heave the brave vessel be dash all to piece , and all the helpless soul within she drown int . will be room . day . will at he table write will ( vo ) all save one a lady ext . underwater . day . viola in the water will ( vo ) whose soul be great than the ocean and she spirit stronger than the sea 's embrace not for she watery end , but a new life beginning on a stranger shore ext . beach . day . viola be walk up a vast and empty beach . will ( vo continued ) it will be a love story for she will be my heroine for all time int . will be room . day . will look up from the table . will ( vo continued ) and she name will be Viola . he look down at the paper , and write : " Viola " then : " what country friend be this ? " ext . beach . day . dissolve slowly to viola , walk away up the beach towards she brave new world . the end