shallow grave written by John Hodge final draft int . day a blurred image form on a white screen . a horizontal strip of face , eye motionless and unblink . david ( voice - over ) take trust , for instance , or friendship : this be the important thing in life , the thing that matter , that help you on you way . if you can not trust you friend , well , what then ? ext . dawn a series of fast - cut static scene of empty street . david ( voice - over ) this could have be any city : they be all the same . a rapid , swerving track along desert street and down narrow lane and passageway . accompany by soundtrack and credit . the track end outside a solid , fashionable Edinburgh tenement . int . stairwell . day at the door of a flat on the third floor of the tenement . the door be dark , heavy wood and on it be a plastic card emboss with the name of three tenant . they be Alex Law , David Stevens , and juliet Miller . a man climb the stair and reach the door . he be cameron Clarke , thin and in he late twenty with a blue anorak and lank , greasy hair . he be carry a awkwardly bulky plastic bag . cameron give the doorbell a ineffectual ring and then stand back , shifting nervously from foot to foot until the door be answer . cameron hello , I have come about the room . cameron enter and the door close . int . live room . day David , Alex , and juliet sit in a line on the sofa directly opposite cameron , who shift uneasily in he armchair . Alex check some item on a clipboard before speak . alex what 's he name ? david I do not know -- Campbell or something ? juliet cameron . alex cameron ? juliet yes . alex ( to juliet ) really ? cameron that 's right . alex ( to cameron ) what ? cameron be not sure what to say . alex ( continued ) well , cameron , be you comfortable ? cameron yes , thanks . alex good . well , you have see the flat ? cameron yes . alex and you like it ? cameron oh , yes , it 's great . alex yes . it be , be not it ? we alllike it . and the room 's nice too , do not you think ? cameron yes . alex spacious , quiet , bright , well appoint , all that sort of stuff , all that crap . cameron well , yes . alex so tell I , cameron , what on earth -- just tell I , because I want to know -- what on earth could make you think that we would want to share a flat like this with someone like you ? int . stairwell . day as cameron plod slowly down the stair , he shoe strike out against the stone step , Alex 's criticism continue . alex ( voice - over ) I mean , my first impression , and they be rarely wrong , be that you have none of the quality that we would normally seek in a prospective flatmate . I be talk here about thing like presence , charisma , style and charm , and I do not think we be be unreasonable . take David here , for instance : a charter accountant he may be , but at least he try hard . the point be , I do not think you be even try . cameron have reach the bottom of the stair . he open the main door . alex ( continued ) and , cameron -- I mean this -- good luck ! cameron leave and the main door close behind he . alex ( continued ) do you think he be upset ? int . stairwell . day Inside the hall of the flat , David approach the door toopen it . freeze-frame . alex ( voice - over ) David like to keep spareshoelace in sort pair in a box mark , not just shoelace ' , but spare shoelace ' . David open the door to the woman . woman I have come to see about the room . int . stairwell . day outside the door of the flat a young goth girl , age about twenty , ring the doorbell . int . hall . day Inside the hall of the flat Alex approach the door to open it . freeze-frame . juliet ( voice - over ) Alex be a vegetarian . do you know why ? because he feel it provide a interesting counterpoint to he otherwise callous personality . it do not . he think he 's the man for I . he be not , though there be a time when , well , there be a time when ... Alex open the door to the goth . goth I have come about the room . int . stairwell . day at the door of the flat a man age about thrity - five ring the bell . int . hall . day Inside the hall of the flat juliet approach the door to open it . freeze-frame . david ( voice - over ) like one of that stupid poster -- you know , a gorilla cuddle a hedgehog , caption love hurt --- that 's what I think when I think of juliet . juliet open the door to the man . man I have come about the room . int . live room . day in the live room each of the candidate be interview individually with the same seating arrangement as before ( i.e. the trio on the sofa and the applicant on the chair ) . what we see be briskly intercut excerpt from each of this interview . we do not get the response to the question , although we may see some facial reaction . all of David 's question be to the woman . all of Alex 's question be to the goth . all of juliet 's question be to the man . david all right , just a few question . alex I would like to ask you about you hobby . juliet why do you want a room here ? david do you smoke ? alex when you slaughter a goat and wrench its heart out with you bare hand , do you then summon hellfire ? juliet I mean , what be you actually do here ? what be the hide agenda ? david do a little freebasemaybe , from time to time ? alex or maybe just phone out for a pizza ? juliet look , it 's a fairly straightforward question . you be either divorced or you be not . david ok , I be go to play you just a few second of this tape -- I would like you to name the song , the lead singer and the three hit singles subsequently record by he with another band . alex when you get up in the morning , how do you decide what shade of black to wear ? juliet now , let I get this straight . this affair that you be not have , be it not with a man or not with a woman ? david turn very briefly to the subject of corporate finance -- no , this be important . leveraged buy-out -- a good thing or a bad thing ? alex with which of the follow figure do you most closely identify : Joan of Arc , Eva braun or Marilyn Monroe ? juliet it 's just that you strike I as a man trap in a crisis of emotional direction , afflict by a realization that the partner of you dream be , quite simply , just that . david do you ever kill a man ? alex and when do anyone last say to you this exact word : you be the sunshine of my life ' ? juliet ok , so a have leave you , B be ambivalent , you be still see C but D be the one you yearn for . what be we to make of this ? if I be you , I would ditch the lot . there 's a lot more letter in the alphabet of love . david and what if I tell you that I be the antichrist ? int . squash court . evening in a sport centre juliet sit outside a glass - wall squash court . she be ready to play , but at present be watch Alex and David , who be inside the court . int . squash court . evening Inside the squash court , Alex be about to serve . alex squash be often use as a metaphor to represent a struggle for personal domination . david serve . alex I be try to educate you . david just serve . alex in the same fashion as chess . david what ? alex chess . chess be often use as well . david will you shut up and play . alex you be a bad loser . david I have not lose yet . Alex serve . int . squash court . evening the squash - court door open and David walk out past juliet as Alex stand behind , jabbing he finger at he . alex defeat , defeat , defeat -- sport , personal , financial , professional , sexual , everything . next . juliet walk in and close the door . int . squash court . evening Inside the squash court Alex be about to serve . alex do you know -- juliet just serve . Alex serve . int . juliet' car ( a mini ) . night Alex sit in the back , drink . juliet be drive . David sit beside she . alex I be not try to win . there be no response from juliet . alex ( continued ) I do not want to devalue you victory , but I just want you to know : I be not try to win . david Victory be the same as defeat . it 's give in to destructive competitive urge . alex you learn that in you psychotherapy group ? david discussion group , Alex , discussion . juliet I think you stop go . alex yeah , he have one too many of thise urge . you of all people should know that . Alex lean close to juliet . juliet brake abruptly and , as Alex fly forward , elbow he in the chest . alex ( continued ) God , you two be sensitive . all I be do be imply some sort of sordid , ugly , sexual liason . why , I would be proud of that sort of thing . juliet maybe you should go , Alex . you will meet someone wonderful . alex for my life ? at a discussion group ? I think not . juliet for the flat . alex no . be someone else like he . one be enough . and what happen to that girl , that friend of yours , the one that come round . I like she . I really feel we have something . she could have move in . we have chemistry . juliet she hate you -- alex well , she have problem -- juliet -- more than anyone she have ever meet . in she whole life . alex -- I would be the first topoint that out . in all kindness I would . but , like they say , you know , she 's get to want to change , have not she ? int . stairwell . day outside the door of the flat Hugo ring the bell and wait . juliet open the door . Hugo be in he early thirty , tall , dark and bohemian in appearance . juliet you must be Hugo . hugo you must be juliet . juliet would you like to come in ? hugo I would be delighted . Hugo walk in and juliet close the door quite deliberately behind he . int . vacant room . day Hugo look around , pleased at what he see , while juliet watch he . he sit on the edge of the bed . hugo it 's nice . juliet would you like to see the rest ? int . live room . day Hugo be seat on the sofa , juliet sit opposite on a armchair . juliet what do you do ? hugo well , I have be away for a bit , travel , that sort of thing , and now I be try to write a novel . juliet what 's it about ? hugo a priest who die . juliet I see . hugo yeah . well , maybe I will change it . juliet no . hugo yes , I mean , who want to read about another dead priest ? it 's about some other guy , some guy who 's not a priest , who do not die . you see , it 's better already . juliet write seem easy . hugo it 's a breeze . the telephone begin to ring out in the hall . juliet do not move and at first say nothing . Hugo look at she and towards the door lead to the hall . after several ring , juliet speak . juliet do you think you could answer that ? hugo the telephone ? it continue to ring . juliet yes , the telephone , but if it 's for I , I be not in . hugo you be not in . juliet no . hugo all right . Hugo stand up . the ringing continue . int . hall . day Hugo lift the phone . he turn to face juliet and look she in the eye as he lie on she behalf . hugo hello . yes . who 's call please ? well , I be sorry , but she 's not in right now . I do not know . would you like to leave a message ? Hugo replace the receiver . hugo ( continued ) it be some guy call Brian . juliet do he sound upset ? hugo a little bit . be that good or bad ? juliet it 's a improvement . the telephone begin to ring again . hugo shall I answer it ? juliet no , just leave it . he know I must be at home . I be work night this week . the telephone continue to ring . hugo work night ? juliet I be a doctor . hugo and he 's a patient of yours ? juliet no . but he need treatment . hugo for what ? juliet a certain weakness . hugo the human condition . juliet you know about it ? hugo I write about it ? juliet and that 's not the same thing ? hugo no , but like all novelist , I be in search of the self . int . kitchen . morning juliet , dress and fatigue , sit at the table sip a coffee . Alex be also seat at the table , but wear a old dress - gown and munch at cornflake while he read a newspaper and talk at the same time . a array of other papers be spread over the table . alex have he try down the back of the fridge ? I mean , that 's where I normally find thing . juliet he seem like a nice guy , Alex . juliet get up and leave the kitchen . the soundof a bath run be hear . alex I be not say he do not seem like a nice guy . all I be say be , it 's a bit strange , and this search for the self , and what he 's on about , you know . Alex hear the mail fall through the door and stand up to leave the kitchen and get it . juliet ( call from outside ) he do not seem strange , Alex . he seem , you know -- int . bathroom.morning . juliet watch the bath fill . juliet ... interesting . int . kitchen . morning Alex consider she reply . alex interesting . interesting . int . hall . morning Alex be walk through the hall to the door , mutter interesting ' to himself . as he pass the phone start to ring . he stop and lift it . alex hello . no , she 's not in . no. no. no. no idea . Alex replace the reciever and walk on to the door . juliet ( from the bathroom ) who be it ? alex I do not know . he sound swedish . do you know any swedish man ? maybe it be just the emotion . Alex pick up the mail and look through it . as he do so , David emerge from he room , dress for work . alex ( continued ) what do you think ? david about what ? alex about this guy , this Hugo person . david I do not have time . alex I be only ask what you think . david I do not have time to discuss it now . I do not care so long as he 's not a freak . David open the door . Alex hand he a envelope . alex this be for you . it 's you mother 's handwrite , so I do not open it . I do not like read about you father 's constipation . David snatch the letter and leave , close the door . Alex walk back across the hall , open one of the letter and read it quickly . juliet ( call from the bathroom ) so we will meet he , then ? alex what ? oh , yeah , sure , if you want . I tell you , every letter this guy write to you be the same : they all begin like pure love and descend into open pornography . I dream of you thigh , the soft touch of you white skin lead I in desire , while I , arouse and inflame -- ' juliet 's hand and arm appear around the bathroom door . she attempt to grab the letter . Alex play at hold the letter just beyond she reach . alex ( continued ) arouse and inflame . juliet Alex . alex he even sign they , in he own name , can you believe it ? I would sign someone else 's name . I would sign he name . if I write they , that be . which I do not . int . live room . evening Alex , David , juliet and Hugo sit round a table towards the end of a meal . alcohol have be consume . bowl contain the last of the food sit on the table , be pick at occassionally . Alex dispense wine mainly into he own glass , alternate with macallan malt whisky , of which he pour generous amount . alex interesting . hugo I see . alex yeah , well , that 's what she say . interesting . that 's why you be here , you see . david normally I do not meet people , unless I know they already . hugo I see . david people can be so cruel . alex so , uh ... hugo what ? alex what ? hugo you be go to say something . alex what be I try to say ? oh , yes , I think , we think , or at least I suppose we think -- be I right ? juliet just get on with it , Alex . david keep it go , Alex . you be unstoppable now . alex we think it 's fine . Alex start eat again . the other watch he expectantly . David cough . alex ( continued ) it 's ok . there 's no problem . hugo you mean I can have the room ? alex well , that 's what I say , be not it ? david he make it clear . alex why , thank you , David . juliet yes , you can have the room . Alex pour yet more alcohol . alex I be not usually drunk . juliet not usually this drunk . david only on expense . alex it 's true . a newspaper be pay for all this . a newspaper ... with exaggerated scorn , Alex knock over a glass of wine . juliet in a moment he 's go to tell he could have be someone -- alex it be you , juliet , it be you -- juliet -- instead of what he be -- alex what I be . juliet -- which be -- alex -- which be a hack . juliet the man we know and love . alex a miserable , burnt -out , empty shell of a -- Alex pause , look at he drink , then at juliet . alex ( continued ) know and love ? juliet yeah . alex I think you be lie . juliet you be right . alex you see , they do not really know I . juliet no , Alex , we do not really love you . Alex smile at juliet and drink again . alex can you afford this place ? hugo yeah . Hugo reach into he pocket and pull out a thick bundle of note , which he place in front of Alex . Alex lean over and sniff the note . david can I ask you a question ? hugo certainly . david have you ever kill a man ? hugo no . david well , that 's fair enough , then . Alex raise he head . alex certainly smell like the real thing . ext . a STREET . night at a cash dispenser a man in he thrity be take out some money . a young man , Andy , stand besdie he , look around in a mildly agitate fashion . as the money emerge , Andy assault and rob the man . he start by smashinf the victim 's face repeatedly against the cash dispenser until the perspex be smear with blood . when he have final finish and the man lie on the ground , Andy take the money and the card from the slot , then get into a car which have pull up alongside , drive by Tim . int . stairwell . day Hugo climb the stair , carry two suitcase . he stop at the door of the flat and look at a bunch of key before select one , which he insert in the door . int . hall . day Inside the flat . the door open and hugolift he case in , kick the door close behind he . int . juliet' room . day juliet sleep , undisturbed by the close of the door . int . hall . day Hugo walk across the halland disappear into he room . int . hugo' room . day Hugo unpackshis bag . include in he thing be a few syringe and needle . all this he put into the drawer beside he bed . he check inside a second bag . int . hall . day Hugo dail a number on the telephone and await a reply . int . juliet' room . evening juliet be wake by she alarm clock . the time be five p.m . int . live room . night Alex sit watch television , constantly change channel . juliet walk in , wear a dress gown . she watch Alex for a few moment . juliet have you see Hugo ? alex no . any idea which channel he 's on ? int . hall . morning the telephone be ringing . Alex lift up the reciever . again he be wear he dress gown and be on he way to pick up the mail . alex no , she 's not in . without wait for any more , he replace the reciever and walk to the door , where he pick up the mail . on he way back from the door , David emerge , ready to go to work . alex ( continued ) have you see he ? david Alex , I do not have the time -- alex yes or no , yes or no , yes or -- david no . David leave , slamm the door . int . kitchen . morning Alex return to the kitchen , pause only to knock at Hugo 's door , which elicit no response . in the kitchen juliet sit dress for work , have just return . he casually open a envelope and glance at both side of the letter before hand it to she . alex David have not see he either . juliet so I gather . alex maybe he do not like we . juliet David ? alex Hugo . juliet his car 's still there . alex he 's get a car ? juliet so what 's wrong with that ? alex what sort of car ? juliet Alex , how should I know ? I be just a girl . alex I will ask you once more , what sort of car -- juliet a blue one , ok . and it 's still there . int . hall . night we see the door to Hugo 's room , then Alex rapping sharply against it . David and juliet stand behind he . alex Hugo . Hugo . sorry about this , but can you open the door ? it 's we , Hugo , you flatmate and companion . you new - find friend . he 's not in . he 's leave and we will probably never see he again . juliet Alex , the key be in the keyhole on the other side . alex so ? juliet open it . alex you want I to kick it open ? juliet yes . alex now ? juliet yes . alex all right . no problem . after several ineffective kick at the door , Alex turn to David . alex ( continued ) you want a go ? int . hugo' room . night Inside Hugo 's room we see the door as David , outside , throw himself against it . at the third attempt the lock give way and the door burst open . in the foreground at one side be the bed with a naked foot lie still and expose . when the door be open , David be first in , follow by the other two . there be a period of silent shock as they contemplate Hugo 's naked corpse . Alex open a window . david be this what they always look like ? juliet yes . juliet drape a sheet over the body , cover it completely . alex I wonder how he do it ? juliet do what ? alex I wonder how he kill himself . I presume that that 's what happen . what do you think ? quite casually , Alex begin to open drawer and cupboard , empty the content on to the floor . juliet Alex . alex what ? what 's wrong ? juliet what be you do ? alex I be just look . juliet do not . alex do not look ? juliet no . alex why not ? what 's wrong , juliet ? be not you curious ? do not you wonder what he die from ? juliet no . the guy 's dead . what more do you need ? alex it 's not every day I find a story in my own flat . juliet thats not a story , Alex . it 's a corpse . alex Old newspaper proverb say dead human be be live story . be rational , please , and fail that be quiet . in a drawer in a bedside cabinet , Alex find needle , syringe and a small bag of powder . without comment , he hold it up and throw it on the bed . he reach under the bed and pull out a case , which he open . it be empty and he push it back under . david I have never see a dead body before . juliet Alex , I think it 's time for you to stop . Alex continue to search . juliet walk out . int . hall . night juliet stand alone . int . hugo' room . night Alex continue he brisk search through Hugo 's posesseion while David look on , appal but speechless . int . hall . night juliet listen to the sound from the bedroom , then pick up the telephone . she dial 999 and wait for a reply . it ring and ring . int . hugo' room . night Alex have find and open a large gladstone bag . neither David norwe can see into it . david I see my grandmother , of course , but I do not suppose that count . I mean , she be alive at the time . alex can I show you something ? int . hall . night juliet await a answer . Alex approach juliet with the open bag . she turn around and look into it , then , see the content , she replace the receiver . as she do so , the Operator 's voice be audible for a second . operator hello , emergency service . the telephone hit the cradle . int . kitchen . night David , Alex and juliet be seat in silence around the tabel . the bag , stack with money , lie open on the table . david no . alex think about it . david no . alex come on , David . david no . alex juliet ? juliet no , Alex . it 's , it 's -- alex what ? juliet unfeasible . alex be that all ? david you mean immoral . alex I be only ask you both to think about it . david it 's asick idea , Alex . it 's sick . alex but do not tell I that you be not tempt by it . do not tell I that you be not interested . I know you well enough . david you think so ? alex ( amuse ) all right , then , go ahead , telephone . telephone the police . try again . no one 's go to stand in you way . go ahead . tell they there 's a suitcase of money and you do not want it . int . hall . morning the flat be silent . footstep be hear outside the door and mail fall through the letter box . int . live room . day the live room , empty . int . kitchen . day the kitchen , empty . the bag of money still sit on the table . int . hugo' bedroom . day his corpse lie on the bed , cover as before , incompletely , by a sheet , with part of he body still show ( a foot , a hand , part of he face or abdomen ) . int . newspaper office . day the open-plan office of a busy newspaper . Alex sit at he desk . he be talk on a telephone jamme against he shoulder and while he do so he be casually acknowledge and wave at colleague . alex now , be there a pet in the house ? yes , a pet , like a dog or a budgie or a gerbil . you see , what I need be PC plod rescue Harry the hamster from House of horror ' . all right ... well , that 's a pity , you see , no pet , no human angle . Alex hang up . int . hugo' room . day another view of the body : for example , from above . int . hospital . day in the accident and emeregency department of a busy hospital , juliet sift through a setof casenote . another Doctor approach she . doctor hi , there . juliet do not look up . juliet hello . doctor what happen to that guy ? juliet what guy ? doctor that guy , the one that die . juliet look up . juliet what guy that die ? doctor that one , last week . juliet here ?. doctor yeah , here , I mean , where else ? juliet oh , he . well , he die . doctor ( satisfied ) that 's what I think . int . hugo' room . day the body , stillpresent , expose and motionless . the curtain flutter by the open window . int . lumsden' office . day lumsden , a middle - age charter accountant , isseat in a largechair behind a desk . he be talk to David , who appear distract . lumsden what do we do here , David ? david sorry ? lumsden here . david right here ? lumsden in this firm . david well , it 's a wide range of , eh -- lumsden account , David , charter accounting -- david exactly what I be -- lumsden -- be often sneer at . be you aware of that ? david not any real sneering as such , no . lumsden there 's a whole wide world out there , and it all need to be account for , do not it ? david eh -- lumsden but they sneer , do not they ? david I be not sure -- lumsden oh , it 's unfashionable , I know , but , yes , we be methodical , yes , we be dilligent , yes , we be serious , and where 's the crime in that , and why not shout it from the rooftop , yes , maybe sometimes we be a little bit boring , but by God , we get the job do . david yes , sir . lumsden and that 's why I think you fit in here . david I be boring ? lumsden you get the job do . david oh , I see , I think you mean -- lumsden which be why I be trust you with this account . lumsden throw a heavy folder into David 's lap . int . hugo' room . evening it be almost dark . only the familiar contour be visible through the gloom . int . stairwell . evening David ascend the stair to the flat . int . live room . evening Alex sit in a armchair face out of the window . juliet stand face into the room . David , the last home , appear in the doorway . david he 's still here . alex he could not get he car start . david when be you go to let the police know ? alex you call they if you want . david ( to juliet ) and what about you ? juliet well , I be get use to have he around . int . hugo' room . day the corpse as before . int . accountant's office . day David sit at he desk , look across the office . crouched over a large array of other desk , young man and woman in suit be pour over folder and column book . no one be speak except in mute tone on the telephone . David watch they . he look to he leave and to he right : on either side young man like he be toil over account . he turn and look behind he , where another array of accountant sit . he turn back to he desk and open the file he be previously give . he look at the column of record of profit , with a large total at the bottom . when David look up he see juliet seat beside he desk . she smile and direct he gaze , with she own , to the surround scene . int . hugo' room . evening the body in silhouette . david ( voice - over ) ok . let 's do it . int . diy store . day Inside a large , brightly light diy store with muzak play in the background . we start with a tracking shot along a aisle stack with potentially vicious tool . alex ( voice - over ) all right , now listen . we have to dispose of the body in such a way as to make it unidentifiable , so that even if it be find , then it 's never anything more than a unknown corpse . Burning , dump at sea , and straightforward burial be all flaw either by fingerprint , or , more commonly , by dental record . this I have learn . now , what I suggest be that we bury he out in the forest , but first of all we remove he hand and he foot , which we incinerate . and he tooth , which we just remove . it 's as simple as that . as the tracking shot end , we see David 's head and shoulder as he look at something off picture . suddenly a spring - load screwdriver appear and be fire ' so that the tip stop a few millimeter from he face . David wince as we see that Alex be hold it . alex ( continued ) I always wonder what this be for . Alex place the screwdriver down on the shelf and walk across the aisle to pick up a see and a hammer . alex ( continued ) now this be what we need . and this . Alex hand the tool to David , who look at they with disgust . Alex walk on . alex ( continued ) now what else ? david I do not know . alex a spade , we need a spade -- I wish you would concentrate -- we need a spade if we be go to dig a pit . david so who 's go to do it ? alex dig the pit , I do not know . david no , not that . alex then what ? who 's go to do what ? david you know what I be talk about . alex do I ? what ? what ? what be you talk about ? david you know what . who 's go to do it . alex we all be , David , we be all go to do it . each of we , you , I and juliet , will do he or she bit . be that fair enough ? david I can not do it . alex I do not hear this . david I will not be able to . alex you be tell I you want out ? already ? you be tell I you do not want the money ? Hugo be go off . he smell . the flat smell . we can not wait any longer . david I be just tell you I can not cut he up . Alex turn away in disgust . ext . lane . night late at night , in a quiet lane at the back of the flat , a hire Ford Transit be park . int . van . night Inside the dimly light van , Alex and juliet be lay down plastic on the floor . juliet who 's go to do it ? alex I think we all be . juliet I do not think I can . alex but you be a doctor . you kill people every day . juliet I do not want to . it 's different . alex and now you tell I . int . under water / bathroom . night a man 's face be be hold under water . bubbles escape from he mouth and he ey bulge . Tim haul the man 's head out of the bath . his leg and arm be bound with cord . Andy sit on a chair , watch . Tim duck the man 's head under the water again . the man 's face as before . int . hugo' room . night we see Hugo 's face just before Alex , David and juliet wrap he in a sheet and thick , black plastic . they wear mask over they nose . the smell be make they uncomfortable and irritable . david there 's something I want to ask . int . bathroom . night the man 's head have just be lift from the water . man I do not know . I swear to God , I do not know . Tim duck the man 's head back under the water . int . hugo' room . night alex ( angry through he mask ) family ? family ? Friends ? drugged - up wander suicidal search of the self fuck - up do not have family , David . david I just think we should discuss it . alex take he leg . int . stairwell . night in the stairwell of the flat , grunt of effort be hear as Alex , David and juliet struggle with the heavy corpse , carry it down the stair wrap in plastic sheet . they come into view and go down the stair . they be all very tense and freeze with panic after accidentally bang against another flat 's door . they swear at one another and continue theri descent . int . bathroom . night Tim be ducking the man again . he writhes and struggle but be powerless to stop it . ext . behind the flat . night the back yard and back door of the flat . the door open and Alex , David and juliet emerge , carry the corpse out towards the van . int . landing outside the bathroom . night from the landing we can see along the floor into the bathroom . the man 's leg extend away from the bath . they be completely still . Andy and Tim stand beside they , look down . andy you stupid bastard . int . van . night Inside the back of the empty van . the door be open and the body be half sly and half throw inside . the door be close and in the dark interior , the outline of the plastic lump be just visible , thanks to a streetlight . one of the door open again and David throw a bag of tool in . he then close and lock the door . int . van . night in front of the van , David be climb into the passenger side . juliet and Alex be already in , with the latter at the wheel . Alex turn to the other two . alex why do not we just draw lot for it ? the other two remain silent . alex ( continued ) whoever draw the short straw do it all . that way , you either do it or you do not . all or nothing . juliet ok . alex David ? david I do not know . alex look , if I draw the short straw , then I will do it , but I be not go to do it just because you will not . Alex start the engine of the van . ext . forest . night through the darkness we hear a engine , then the headlight of the van come into view . it pull off the track onto a patch of grass . the engine be switch off but the light remain on . the trio descend from the van . in fron of the van , Alex , illuminate by its light , Alex , David and juliet stand together . Alex be show they two long stem of grass and one short one . he enclose they in he fist and hold they out . alex all right , then , here we be and this be it . do you want to play or not ? Alex hold he hand out towards juliet , who take the tip of one of the stem . it be one of the larger one . Alex and juliet turn to David . Alex hold out the stem . David reach out and take one of the tip . it be the short straw . david I can not do it . ext . forest . night deeper in the forest , with the headlamps still casting a little light throught the tree , we see David 's head and shoulder . his right arm be move briskly back and forth accompany by a vicious saw noise . the saw stop as he evidently finish with one extremity . he shuffles back and start saw at another . Alex lean against the spade in a shallow pit that he have dig . he observe David impassively . the saw stop again . david finish . alex but not quite . david be that go to be deep enough ? Alex bend down to pick up the hammer , which he hold out towards David . alex do not you worry about that . david be this necessary ? alex yes . now come on , all or nothing . most reluctantly , David take the hammer and look at Alex , who gesture as if to say , " on you go . ' with revulsion on he face , he raise the hammer above he head . int . david' room . day David 's face be visible against the plain white backdrop of he pillow . he lie fully clothed on he bed , look up at the ceiling . there be a knock at the door , then juliet walk in . juliet be you all right ? david ( without look at juliet ) oh , yes , I be fine , thanks , just fine . juliet would you like to talk about it ? david no . int . live room . day Alex sit with he foot up watch a noisy game show , while eat a snack and drink from a can of beer . newspaper lie scattered at he foot . int . loft . day the loft above the flat in darkness , but the trapdoor be open , let in a pool of light . int . hall . day David be pull himself through the trapdoor up into the loft . beneath he be a stepladder . juliet stand half - way up the ladder , while Alex stand on the floor beside it . as David enter the loft , Alex hand up the bag of money to juliet , who pass it on up to David . juliet be careful . alex yeah , we do not want another stiff on we hand . do not fall through the ceiling . ok ? be he listen to I ? juliet stop nag . alex ( to himself ) I do not know why we could not stuff it in a mattress or put it under the floor like any normal human be . we could have hide it in the fridge . int . loft . day David move on into the dark cavernous loft , edging he way across beam and pipe . there be no skylight . he stop and lean against some structure ( the water tank ) . he strain to see in the darkness . suddenly there be a loud suck and flow noise as water empty from the water tank . David be startle and step forward , trip . he reach out as he fall , strike a light switch . briefly the loft be illuminate : David blink as he lie across some beam , the large cavernous area , the pipe , the water tank , the bag of money lie between two rafter , and then the old brass switch beginning to spark and the light go out . David scramble towards the trapdoor . int . hugo' room . day now clean and empty , with no trace of recent habitation . int . hospital . day in a basement corridor in the hospital , pipe run along the ceiling . above a fence - off area be a sign say for incineration only -- no aerosol ' . on the floor of this area be yellow plastic sack . juliet appear around a corner carry one of this . quite casually the clump it on the pile and continue past . ext . quarry . evening Alex push a blue car into a quary . int . suburban lock - up garage . night in the garage there be a car , gardening equipment , several sack of fertilizer and a trunk - style deep freeze , on the lid of which sit Andy and Tim . Tim take out a cigarette and offer one to Andy , who decline . they slide off the deep freeze and open it . Inside the freezer there be a man , naked and bound with cord . they lift he up . he be very cold and weak . the man begin to whisper inaudibly . Andy move he head so that he can hear the whisper . he listen , then nod approvingly . they push he down again and close the lid . Andy hold the lid while Tim dump the sack of fertilizer on top . int . charity ball . night Alex , David and juliet be attend a charity ball . everyone be dress very smartly , in ball gowns and black tie with the addition of a significant number of kilt . neither Alex nor David wear a kilt . the trio seem to know a number of people there but do not seem especially keen to speak to they . a middle - age , podgy , mustachioe master of ceremony be stand on a platform in front of the band , make a speech to the diner who be still sit at they table . mc lady and gentleman , may I have you attention please . first of all , may I thank you all for come along tonight and support we appeal to raise fund for the sick child 's unit . there be a quick drum roll and applause break out . we move to the table where Alex , David and juliet be seat . Alex lean across to juliet . alex you do not tell I that this be for child . I hate child . I would raise money to have the little fucker put down . some other guest around the table cast critical glance at Alex . juliet sshh . alex I want my money back . Excuse I . Alex signal to the waiter by lift he hand and snap he finger , then indicate another bottle of champagne that already ist in front of he . mc for all too often there 's a complacency : out of sight , out of mind , let someone else bother about this thing . Alex cheer once and start to applaud on he own . juliet nudge he viciously . mc ( continued ) but just before the dance , I would like to say a special thank - you to a few of the people who have work so very hard to make this occassion happen . the mc 's drine continue in the background while conversation continue back at the table . david do you know many of this people ? juliet yes . they be my friend . alex I see , so if they want to talk to you , we say you be not in . mc and now , lady and gentleman , and that of you who be neither or both -- drum roll . mc ( continued ) -- would you make you way to the floor for Strip the Willow . juliet be we go to dance ? alex well , it 's physical contact , be not it ? int . dance floor . night the dance floor a few minute later . it be pack and rather chaotic . sweaty , dishevel dancer sling one another around , with the thud of flesh against flesh . toe be stand on and jacket discard . juliet dance with Alex , who plunge in with the maximum of violence , eventually trip up and tumble forcefully among the other dancer . he start to get up , then rest he head back against the floor . David have not be dance . instead he remain at they table and at the bar , drink steadily and watch the other two . int . table . night back at the table , while most people be still on the dnace floor , the trio sit drink and Alex smoke a cigar . alex that be good . david can we talk about something ? alex not now . I have a idea . Alex pour champagne on to a stack of glass . david listen , it 's important . we need to talk about what we be go to do -- alex just stop worry . Alex stand and raise he glass . alex ( continued ) Love and happiness for ever . juliet for ever and ever . Alex drink , then put he glass down . juliet drink but do not drain she glass . David sit still . alex what 's the problem ? david I want to talk now . alex after you drink to love and happiness forever . david now . alex after . juliet David , I promise we will . keep he happy . alex it 's not for I . it 's for love and happiness forever . David reach out to take he glass . suddenly , Alex fling a arm out to point , knock over David 's glass and completely lose interest . alex ( continued ) look over there . it 's cameron . juliet who ? alex cameron . you remember cameron . juliet no , I do not . alex what 's he do here ? juliet that 's not he . alex yes , it be . it 's he . cameron , cameron , come on over . yo ! from some distance away , cameron become aware of Alex and cautiously make he way across until he stand a few foot from the table . cameron what ? alex nothing . we think you be someone else . Alex fall forward , laugh , and the other two also laugh as cameron walk away , humiliate again . alex ( continued ) good luck . I love that guy , but why do he have to follow we around ? david anyway , what I be want to say be this -- brian ( unseen ) the divine juliet . Long time no see . Brian approach and be stand behind they table . juliet Brian . brian would you care to dance ? david hold on there . who do you think you be ? brian what ? david who do you think you be ? you interrupt we . brian I be Brian mckinley , and who be you ? david well , Brian mckinley , if you want to talk to my girlfriend , you talk to I first . if you want to dance with she , then you apply in write three week in advance or you be gonna end up insode a fuck bin-bag . you do not apply , so you do not dance . shock and frighten , Brian back away , then turn around to complete he departure . juliet restrain David with a touch as they watch he go . juliet do you think you could be a little more forceful next time ? david I be sorry . juliet it 's alright . I think he get the message anyway . david that be stressful . I find that stressful . alex yeah , but you be good , you be really good . Fucking bin -bag ' , I like that . you be good . you explore you maleness to the full there . david you think so ? juliet well , you certainly have a good look around . alex you be magnificent . int . toilet . night the gent ' toilet . brightly - light and white -tile . Alex walk in and go into a cubicle and close the door . we hear he whistling and laugh as he pass urine . he keep mutter bin-bag ' to himself . then he flush the toilet and open the door . as he do so a look of surprise appear on he face as he see someone wait for he . alex cameron ! what a surprise . as Alex be speak cameron 's fist fly forward , hit he in the face and send he fly backwards . cameron enter the cubicle and close the door behind he . int . hall . morning mail fall through the letter box . int . kitchen . morning . Alex do not stir . int . hall . morning David emerge from he room , ready for he work . he look towards the kitchen , then walk to the door and open it . int . kitchen . morning we hear the main door close as David leave . Alex jolt with energy with every sound . the telephone begin to ring . juliet look at Alex expectantly , but he do not move . eventually she get up and answer it . juliet hello . hello . alex who be it ? juliet do not know . no one say anything . alex rendered speechless with desire . I recall that feel , from the day when I have such a thing . juliet be you all right ? alex no . juliet then let 's spend some money . int . flat . day there follow a video depict the result of Alex 's and juliet 's spend spree . it open with Alex seat at the kitchen table talk to the camera , absolutely deadpan . alex hello . it 's be a struggle , but now the day of worry be over , the light at the end of the tunnel have expand into a golden sunrise and at last , at long last , nothing will ever be the same again . Alex lean out and the camera foloow he as he press the play button on a tape recorder . the music begin . fast cut follow , occasionally interrupt by out - of- focus shot of the floor or ceiling as the camera swivel round and be switch on and off . Alex wear several different suit , outfit and silk pyjamas . juliet wear several different outfit . both of they pose with small objet d'art . the expensive watch on Alex 's wrist . juliet 's jewellery . expensive toy . juliet take a picture of Alex with a Polaroid camera . Alex hold the camcorder out at arm 's length in order to film himself and turn to the camera and adjust he tie . alex ( continued ) this be Alex Law report from the scene of he own life , and you know , I be so happy I could die . darkness . tv. turned off . int . live room . day the music have stop . David press the eject button and lift the video from the player . Alex and juliet be seat on the sofa , surround by they acquisition , and be evidently a little embarrassed . juliet be hold the Polaroid of Alex . david I think we ought to scrub this , do not you ? David reinsert the tape and press record . alex will you calm down . juliet yeah , you be make we all nervous . David pick up the Polaroid of Alex and throw it down , then pick up a vase . david how much do you pay ? alex I do not know . david how much do you pay ? alex I do not know . david how much ? alex I do not know . juliet two hundred . david two hundred pound ? juliet two hundred pound . david you pay two hundred pound for this ? juliet that 's what it cost , David . david no , no , no . that 's what you pay for it . two hundred pound be what you pay for it . we do not know what it cost we yet , for you two to have a good time , we do not know the cost of that yet . from out in the hall , the phone start to ring . nobody move . int . david' room . night David lie awake in he bed . int . a flat hallway . night hear the noise , David sit up in bed , then get out , reach for he clothes . int . stairwell . night David look down the stairwell . other neighbour , in nightclothes or hurriedly dress , be stand at the open door of the flat below . David descend the the stair and look into the hall of the other flat where the occupant , a elderly woman , lie groan on the floor . a hand on David 's shoulder push he out of the way and two uniform policeman walk past , follow by a ambulance man carry a stretcher . david do they take anything ? do they take anything ? no one acknowledge he question or answer it . the ambulance man emerge carry the woman , she face bruise and cut . everyone else begin to melt away . int . stairwell . night David stand alone on the darken stairwell . int . david' room . night David lie awake in he bed . int . door of the flat . day someone attempt to open the door but cannot because there be two new security chain on the inside . the door be force against the chain with no success and Alex call from the other side . alex what be this ? what be go on ? David ! David approach the door . david I will let you in . David close the door and look through a new spyhole to see Alex grin at he while he release the chain and then open the door again . Alex walk in . alex what be this ? david Security . david from what ? jehovah 's witnesses ? david there be a break - in . alex downstair , I know . pensioner 's terror ordeal : page six . Alex hand David a roll - up newspaper . david do not it worry you ? alex no , it do not . I try to let it worry I but it will not . I have work on that paper for three year . there be a pensioner 's terror ordeal on page six every day . every day . maybe when I be a pensioner it will worry I . Alex notice some more tool and the stepladder lead up to the trapdoor . alex ( continued ) what 's all this for , more security ? david I fitte a lock up there . on the inside . alex oh , that will come in useful . int . kitchen . night Alex be serve on plate from a large bowl of pasta . David and juliet sit at the tabel . juliet be this the same stuff you make last week ? alex no , no , it 's different . juliet I hope it taste better than the other stuff . alex it taste different . juliet I do not want it to taste different . I do not know why I bother . be that enough for you ? hey ! david what ? yes , that 's fine . alex you be sure ? there 's lot more . david no , I be sure , that will be enough . alex what 's wrong ? david nothing . alex you be not eat . david not eat what ? alex not eat like you use to , that 's what . david if you give I the plate , I will eat . Alex hand he the plate and he start to eat . Alex watch he chew a mouthful . alex now swallow . David do so . alex ( continued ) you know , you should spend some of that money instead of worry about it . that 's my advice . juliet he 's right . you would feel much better about it . David have stop eat . alex once it 's spend you will not have to worry about it . juliet be like a weight off you shoulder . alex you know we be right . juliet do not you ? david I want to secure it . alex secure it ? what do you mean -- you be go to take it to a bank ? you be not go to take it to a bank ? you be not go to take it to a bank or what , you want to bury it ? be that it ? juliet I do not see the point in that . alex because that 's no good . remember , we do what we do , we take the money . it be a material calculation . but what 's the use if it 's underground , or in some funny bank in some funny place ? if you can not spend it , if you can not have it , what use be it ? none . it 's nothing , all for nothing , if you do that . I do not get into this for nothing , so that I could have nothing -- david yeah , and you do not see he foot off . there be silence . David resume eat . david ( continued ) it taste different . int . hall . night Alex stand at the sink do some wash up . he hear footstep from the loft above . he stop what he be do and walk slowly out to the hall . int . loft . night in the darkness we can just make out David 's eye as he sit in darkness . alex ( call from below ) David , David , what be you do up there ? the torch go on . David lift the bag of money from between the rafter . he put it inside another thick yellow plastic bag , which he tie tightly with string . David open the water tank . Alex 's voice can be hear throughout . alex ( continue ; call from below ) will you come down now . it 's not safe up there . be you listen to I . Security and insanity be not the same thing . int . hall . night alex shit . int . kitchen . night juliet sit drink coffee , while Alex sand in the doorway look up towards the trapdoor . juliet leave he alone . alex he can not stay up there . juliet he will come down . leave he alone . alex yeah , he 's get to go to work , have not he ? you think he will come down for that ? juliet no , but he 's look after the money , so what 's the problem ? alex look after it -- he 's probably fuck well eat it . int . hospital . day juliet look through the door from a small office out into the main wait area in the casualty departmet . it be busy and there be room of people nursing injury wait to be see . more file past the door while she watch with no enthusiasm . int . hall . day the trapdoor open . David 's head appear . he look around and listen carfeully . int . lumsden' office . day lumsden answer he telephone . int . hall . day David speak on the telephone . david it 's my mother , sir , she 's very ill and I think I need to be with she just now . I do not know . the doctor be not sure . it could go either way . yes , sir , I will certainly stay in touch . int . bathroom . day David shave carefully with a safety razor . int . kitchen . day Bacon and egg fry in a pan . David attend to they while drink from a large tumbler of orange juice . int . hospital . day a sister hand juliet a casualty case sheet . juliet read it . juliet painful groin ? what do that mean ? sister I do not know . he would not show I . juliet draw back the curtain of a cubicle . Alex be sit on a trolly . alex Boy , be I glad to see you . juliet what be you do here ? alex we have to talk . juliet you painful groin ? she turn and walk away . Alex chase after she . alex later . but first -- he . juliet David ? alex exactly . now I have be think -- juliet oh , good . alex he will not do anything for I , but for you -- juliet forget it . alex he be not safe up there . if you really care about he , you would use you influence to get he down , then he would be safe . juliet and the money ? alex we could put it somewhere . juliet where he can not get it ? alex now you think of that , not I . juliet forget it -- he will come down . juliet walk away . int . hall . day the hall be empty and the flat be silent . we see the trapdoor . int . loft . evening David sit in the darkness . a crack of light penetrate beside the trapdoor . int . kitchen . night Alex and juliet sit at the table , eat in silence . the doorbell ring . Alex and juliet look at one another . alex expecting anyone ? juliet no . alex oh . Alex resume eat . juliet be not you go to answer it ? alex well , I be not expect anyone either . juliet glare at he . int . hall . night Alex approach the door and be about to open it . at the last moment he check himself and look through the spyhole . int . through the spyhole . night Tim and Andy stand outside the door . int . hall . night Alex , slightly puzzle , fix the security chain before open the door . as soon as he open it , the door be kick wide open as the security chain break off . Tim and Andy enter the flat . in a whirlwind of force they drag and shove Alex and juliet into the live room and bind they up with cord . there be no word apart from slightly muffle cry . at the end of this Andy stand in front of Alex hold a crowbar . swiftly and without warning , he crack it across Alex 's shin . then Andy slowly put one one end of the crowbar into Alex 's mouth . for a moment he do nothing , then just as slowly again , he take the crowbar out . alex it 's in the loft . int . hall . night the trapdoor be close but the sound of it be unlock can just be hear ( although not by anyone in the flat . int . hall . night Tim pull the ladder across to the trapdoor . int . loft . night it be completely dark in the loft , but as the trapdoor open a shaft of light strike upwards and illuminate a small pool around the open . int . loft . night away from the trapdoor there appear to be a wall of uniform darkness , but then we see a pair of eye in the darkness . it be David . he stand perfectly still . there be a hammer in he right hand . int . loft . night Tim 's head appear through the trapdoor . cautiously he lift himself through and balance on the beam . int . hall . night the hall be empty , but we can see the open trapdoor . suddenly there be a single thud , as might be cause by a body landing heavily on and across some beam in the loft . int . loft . night David stand motionless in the dark , exactly as before . int . live room . night Andy have hear the single thud . he strain to hear anything else but do not . slowly he back away to the door of the live room , keep the crowbar train on Alex as he do so . he look back and up towards the trapdoor . int . loft . night once again a small pool of light emanate from the open trapdoor . Andy emerge into the front of this , crowbar in hand , peer into the darkness . carefully he stand up and move out of the light and step across the beam . his foot strike something and he look down . Tim 's body lie spread-eagled beneath he . he look up . to one side of he be the brass light switch . Andy lift he arm , reach towards it and switch it on . spark pour out for a moment and then the light come on for a fraction of a second , long enough for Andy to see David 's face be only centimetre from he own . int . hall . night Alex and juliet be bound together as before . there be a loud thud from the ceiling , follow by a few heavy step . then Andy 's body fall headfirst through the trapdoor , straight down to the floor below , landing awkwardly and come to rest with he head hang back , look towards Alex and juliet . Andy take one agonal breath and die . blood trickle from the side of he mouth . Tim 's body land on Andy . David drop himself from the hatch to the floor . David take a large knife from a wooden block . back in the hall he kneel , hold the knife , beside Tim . notice something at the top of tim 's neck , he use the knife to lift away Tim 's T-shirt . a tattoo cover Tim 's neck . David look at it , then stand up . he walk through to the live room , where Alex and juliet , still bound , watch he approach . he look at they for a moment , then extend the knife and cut the cord in one place . ext . forest . night in a scene similar to the dismemberment of Hugo , we see David 's shoulder as he saw back and forth at something unseen . he stop and reach out for the hammer , pick it up and raise it above he head . ext . road . dawn the van be silhouett against a rise sun . int . back of the van . dawn the tool and the yellow sack slide about in the back of the van . int . van . dawn David be drive . Alex and juliet be huddle silently away from he . David seem quite at ease . a thick bunch of key dangle from the ignition . juliet observe they . int . loft . day David sit still in the darkness . int . newspaper office . day Alex sit at he desk fidget , about to write something but unable to start . on the screen of he word processor be a page mock - up with the headline cat eat pensioner ' . as the telephone on he desk ring , he be startle , then reach out , slowly lift it fractionally and replace it . int . TRAVEL agent 's. day hunched over a vdu , the salesman be offer juliet a range of flight . salesman October 15th , direct flight , London heathrow to Rio de Janeiro , british Airways , you be look at seven hundred and sixty - five pound . Seven six five . juliet that sound fine . salesman Air Portugal , on the other hand , via Lisbon , same day , five hundred and sixty - five . five six five . it 's up to you . cater important ? juliet what ? salesman Air France . Glasgow . direct , but then you be look at the wrong end of nine hundred and twelve pound . that 's nine one two . it 's up to you . juliet yes , the first one 's fine . heathrow direct . salesman it 's up to you . Air patagonia . New outfit : via Caracas and bogot . no catering . four hundred and eleven pound . four one one . good value , but refueling at bogot be variable . juliet the first one be fine . salesman well , it 's up to you . Seven six five . how will you be pay ? int . hall . night the hall be empty but we can hear David 's footstep on the beam above . int . live room . night Alex sit watch the wicker man on televison . he can hear the footstep above . he turn the sound up on the television so that he cannot hear they , but he keep look up at the ceiling , as though he expect to hear they or see somwthing . eventually he turn the sound back down and , after a moment 's silence , the footstep start again , back and forth , then stop . Alex look up . without warning there be the sound of a electric drill . the blade of the drill appear through the ceiling and be then withdraw . Alex be shocked . other drill hole appear . int . various ceiling . night hole be drill in the ceiling . int . loft . night rod of light penetrate up from the hole , interrupt but not obliterate the darkne . David sit back , pleased with he work . int . juliet' room . night juliet sit at she desk . Alex stand in the doorway . he be about to speak . juliet raise a finger to she lip . they both look at the ceiling . ext . garden at front of the flat . night establish shot of Alex and juliet in garden . int . hall . night the trapdoor be open . int . alex be room . night David be search through Alex 's desk , look through letter and folder , then shove they back into drawer . ext . garden at the front of the flat . night alex no , definitely not . and that 's that . I refuse to discuss it further . juliet it 's the only way . alex I refuse . juliet you be frighten . alex no , I be not frighten . a little terrify maybe . do you see what happen to the last two who try that ? they go up alive and they come down dead -- the difference , I mean , alive dead dead alive , that sort of thing . it be not difficult to spot . he kill they both : he cut they up . int . juliet' room . night David be now search through juliet 's desk . he pick up a large brown envelope and look into it . beneath it be the airline ticket envelope . the doorbell ring . int . through the spyhole . night mccall and Mitchell stand outside the door . int . hall . night David open the door . mccall smile . mccall good evening . I be detective Inspector mccall and this be DC Mitchell . I wonder if we could ask you some question . david what about ? mccall it 's about the burglary . david burglary ? mccall downstair . david of course . mccall can we come in ? int . live room . night David sit on the sofa while the two policeman sit on armchair several foot apart . david so I just hear she cry for help and all that , and when I go downstairs there be already that other people there , so I just stand around really , wait -- you know how people do -- and then when you colleague arrive I come back upstairs . and that 's about all , I think . I do not actually see anything useful , I do not think . mccall do you hear anything before he cry ? david no , not that I recall , I be asleep . mccall have you see anything or anyone suspicious around here in the last few day ? david no , nothing , sorry . mccall well , if you do , you will let we know ? david of course . mccall and the other three people on the flat , do they hear anything ? david there be only two other people in the flat . mccall consult a notebook . mccall two ? david who say there be four ? mccall we understand there be four people live here . not always , of course , but now , four . david no , three . who say there be four ? mccall how strange . and how unsatisfactory to have misleading information . only three people here . you be sure ? david yes , absolutely . mccall take a note of that , Mitchell . only three , rather than four . write it down . you can use number or word , I have no preference . which be you use ? mitchell both , sir . mccall excellent . DC Mitchell be a rise star , Mr. Stevens . under my tutelage he will undoubtedly make the grade . david I see . mccall I doubt it . and this two other people , do they hear anything ? david no , they be asleep . they do not even wake up . mccall yes . why do you think you wake and they do not ? david I do not know . maybe I be a light sleeper . uncomfortably , David realize that Mitchell have note down even this last , trivial remark in a painful longhand and have underline a short segment of it . int . hall . night in the hallway of the flat Mitchell stand at the open main door , wait to leave . mccall be kneel at the door to Hugo 's room , trace he finger down the break lintel and lock . David look on . mccall lok like you have a break - in up here as well . david someone lose the key . mccall gently push the door open and the light from the hall illuminate Hugo 's room . mccall be this where no one stay ? david yeah , that 's right , that 's it . David notice that Mitchell be write this down . int . garden at front of the flat . night alex you will wait in the hall ? juliet I will wait there . alex and if it sound like I be be kill , you will phone the police , you will tell they everything ? juliet everything . alex everything . except maybe that it be he idea and not mine in the first place . ok ? that 's important to I . I need to die misunderstand . juliet Alex . alex what ? juliet as smart as you be , you will need a little help . she hand Alex a Yale key . Alex stare at it . int . loft . night in the darkness , the sound of the lock be turn be hear . int . hall . night Alex tsand at the top of the ladder , hold the key in the trapdoor lock . alex all right , David , what I be go to do be , I be go to open this lock and I be go to come up , and what 's important be that you remain calm . there be one light on . juliet stand at the bottom of the ladder . have open the trapdoor , Alex stop and listen , but there be no sound above he own breathe . juliet throw up a torch , which he catch . he switch it on . it shine , then go out , and he knock it against the ladder , make it work again . slowly he push the trapdoor open . int . loft . night the trapdoor open . below it , Alex crouch on the ladder , expect attack at any moment . he look back down to juliet , who return he gaze , then he slowly raise himself into the loft . he turn around quickly , darting the torchlight around into corner and squinting in the darkness , but he see nothing . the torch go out . cursing , he knock it against a beam and it shine again . slowly he move further from the trapdoor into the centre of the loft , still turn around and worried about what might be behind he . int . hall . night juliet stand wait , brace for sound of conflict . int . loft . night Alex be still look but have relaxed a little , feel les in danger . in one corner he notice David 's pile of leave - possession and the mat on which he have be sleep . he move towards it . int . hall . night juliet stand , still wait . int . loft . night Alex stand in David 's corner . with another sweep of the torch he can still see nothing . he call to juliet . alex he be not up here . int . hall . night a close - up of juliet 's face , just as David 's hand slam across she mouth , grip she tightly while he other hand clamp on the back of she head . David 's mouth be right up against she ear as he spit a warning into it . david tell he to look for the money . slowly , David relax he grip on juliet . juliet look for the money . int . loft . night Alex , cheerful now , be look in the rafter . alex do not worry , that 's what I be do . int . hall . night David hold juliet across she face again . she be terrify and do not struggle . david expecting anyone ? juliet what ? david be you expect anyone ? tonight ? juliet no . david Visitors ? some friend maybe ? someone you talk to ? juliet no one . I promise . david who have you talk to ? juliet no one . david if I think you be lie -- int . loft . night Alex stand gaze around the loft . alex ( from the loft ) well , it 's not up here . int . hall . night David pull juliet to one side . int . loft . night Alex be about to descend when he notice the water tank . he walk over and lift the lid . his face break into a smile as he realize what it hold . he dip a arm into the tank , raise the yellow bag , then quickly lower it again . Alex step back from the water tank . int . hall . night Alex appear at the top of the ladder . without look , he slide down as quickly as he can , call out as he do so . alex juliet , I have -- Alex reach the base of the ladder . he turn around to find himself face the blade of the battery - operate drill , hold by David . juliet stand off to one side . alex ( continued ) -- a problem . David hold the drill even closer until it be almost touch the centre of Alex 's forehead and press the trigger ' to turn the blade slowly as he speak . Alex do not move at all . david you look for I ? alex look for you ? yes . david what for ? what do you want ? the money ? be that it ? alex we just want to speak to you . Alex 's hand and sleeve be wet . a few drop of water fall from he fingertip . unnotice by the other two , he slowly wipe he hand on the back of he jeans . david who else have you want to speak to ? maybe you think they would already get I . the blade os the drill scrape Alex 's skin . alex who ? david you friend . alex I do not know what you be talk about . juliet he do not know David . David hold the drill back slightly while he think . it could go either way . david well , maybe you do not -- David lower the drill and smile . david ( continued ) I be talk about the police . int . alex' room . day Alex have just wake up . he rub he forehead . there be a nick in it , where the drill have scratch . he rub at it and examine the drop of blood on the end of he finger . int . david' point of view . alex be room . day look down from a hole in the ceiling , we see into Alex 's room , where he be get dress . int . hall . day Alex leave he room and enter the hall . int . loft . day look down from a hole in the ceiling , we see into Alex 's room , where he be get dress . int . loft / hall . day look down on Alex as he leave the flat and close the door . int . loft . day David scurries back across the beam to look down through another hole . he look for several second . note in the follow sequence , juliet 's face be not see until she comment on it . int . juliet' room . day juliet lie on she bed . she throw the cover back . int . loft . day David be still look down through the hole . int . juliet' room . day juliet move about she room . she be wear a large , baggy T - shirt . int . loft . day David still watch . int . juliet' room . day juliet 's leg be see as the T-shirt land on the floor beside they . int . loft . day David sit back suddenly , recoil from the activity . he scramble back across to he mat , where he sit back down and close he eye . then he open they and scramble back to look down again . int . juliet' room . day the room be empty . the sound of the flat door close be hear . from David 's point of view we see : int . loft / hall ( empty ) . day int . loft / live room ( empty ) . day int . loft / kitchen ( empty ) . day int . hall . day David 's head appear beneath the trapdoor . he hang from the hatch and drop down to the floor . int . bathroom . day David shower . int . hall . day David emerge from the bathroom and walk towards the kitchen . we follow he in . int . kitchen . day David take orange juice out of the fridge and pour himself a glass . he sit at the table and look briefly into a corner that we can not see . the expression oh he face do not change and he voice be impassive . david I think you would go to work . juliet ( unseen ) with a face like this ? int . kitchen . day juliet 's face . there be bruise across it where she be grip by David . int . monitor screen / newspaper office . day in close - up we track along the follow half - sentence : in the event of my death I want the follow fact to be know : ' -- the remainder of the screen be blank . Alex sit at he desk , decide what to type next on the screen see before . a young Office Boy approach he desk . office boy the editor want to see you . int . kitchen . morning David sit while juliet talk . she be now seat behind he . juliet I remember how thing use to be here , and I see how they be now , and I do not know why it be . I do not know how we let you become like this . we be you friend and we should have look after you . int . editor' office . day Alex sit nervously while the editor sit on the side of he desk . editor out in the wood . Three body . decompose . mutilated . Beyond recognition . alex I do not know anything about it . editor of course you do not know anything about it . if you know anything about it , I would not have to send you over there to cover it . alex cover it ? editor well ? alex but there 's no -- editor animal involved ? I know , but you need a change . and besides , we be short . alex I do not know . editor do not know what ? alex well , I have get this story , it 's really good , I be work on , that be good , I feel it could be big , it this , eh , and it 's , you know , it 's incredible . be I right , do you say beyond recognition ' ? int . kitchen . day David and juliet be seat as before . david I be sorry . juliet I should hope so . david turn towards she . he reach out and softly touch she face . david maybe we can still sort everything out . juliet take he hand . juliet we can try . they look at one another . ext . forest . day several police and unmark vehicle , include one mobile incident room ' , stand on a rough track . another car arrive at the end and be parkeed to one side . Alex step out . from where he stand , Alex can see towards the site of the burial . there be a few policeman , uniform and plain-clothes , and a small knot of journalist , keep at bay by plastic tape drape from tree to tree . mound of earth mark the site of the exhumation . Alex walk past the other journalist into the wood . he look back towards the sight , then turn to look in the opposite direction . he find himself at the edge of a golf course . from the green to the grave be hardly any distance . to one side , Alex see mccall and Mitchell , hunch in earnest discussion . Mitchell look up briefly and ctaches Alex 's eye . bint . kitchen / hall . day the kitchen be empty . we track through the kitchen and out into the hall , stop at the door to juliet 's room . int . juliet' room . day David and juliet be seat on the bed . among the junk on she bedside table be the Polaroid photograph of Alex , propped up against a tumbler . juliet reach out and turn it away before pull David towards she . int . mobile incident room . day several journalist sit close together on plastic chair . Alex sit at the back , near the half - open door . at the other end , three police officer face they . they be a medium - rank uniform Officer , and to one side of he Mitchell and then mccall , both of whom sit in silence . uniformed officer all right , lady and gentleman , the releasable and print-worthy fact of the day so far be as follow . late yesterdat afternoon , forestry worker come across one set of human remain lie in a grave which appear to have be recently dig . further excavation on we part have reveal two similar , deeper grave , again contain human remain . Alex turn he head and look out of the door towards the burial site , now enclose in a plastic tent . he continue to stare at it . while Alex be look , the sound of laughter and uniform Officer 's subsequent comment become mute and we hear the memory of a sound in Alex 's head : it be the noise of the see go back and forth across the victim 's limb . uniformed officer ( continued ) as and when the corpse be remove , we will endeavour to ascertain the mode of death and duration of burial , as well as identification , which will of course be pass on to you after inform , where possible , the next of kin . Alex discreetly stand up and slip out of the van . ext . forest . day Alex walk away from the incident room towards he car . he break into a run for a few pace . the noise of the saw continue . as he reach he car , Alex fumble in he pocket for he key . he be sweat and tremble . he drop he key . as he bend down to pick they up , he foot slip on the wet grass . he fall to he knee , he forehead bang against the car door . he kneel for a moment , grip the key , he head rest against the door . the noise of the saw stop . from behind , the arm of a Police constable reach out and he hand rest on Alex 's shoulder . the end