< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> shampoo - by Robert towne and Warren beatty dark screen - november 4th , 1968 a darkness where even outline be not discernible . there be a dim point of light come from a dot on the hi - FI which be playing the beach boy : " when we could say good night and still stay together ... would not it be niiiice ?... we could be marry , then we could be happy , would not it be niiiiice ? " through it there have be the SOUND of banging , distinct and rhythmic . it grow louder as the music end . there be also whimpering sound from a woman . felicia' voice oh , no . george' voice ... what ?... felicia' voice that headboard . george' voice nobody can hear it . it bang a couple of more time . felicia' voice I can . it make I nervous . it continue to bang until Felicia scream , over the bang of the headboard . she follow the scream with a few yelp . silence . now the SOUND of the phone ringing . felicia' voice ( cont 'd ) ( complimentary ) oh my God ... Jesus ... Jesus Christ ... Jesus H. Christ . the phone continue to ring . felicia' voice ( cont 'd ) ( a slightly different tone ) you go to answer it ? george' voice ( meaning no ) uh-uh . it continue to ring . felicia' voice ( be for she very mischievous ) want I to ? george' voice let it ring . and it do . it continue to ring , kill all other consideration . felicia' voice Boy , whoever she be , she do not give up . after a moment 's fumble , George finally pick it up . george' voice hello ... ( a little surprised ) ah , hi . the girl voice on the other end of the phone can be heard only fitfully , when George hold the receiver loosely by he ear . it be tina . tina's voice what take you so long ? george' voice be not sure it be you . tina's voice ( muffle ) george' voice I ... uh ... I ... uh ... can not . tina's voice ( laughter , size it up immediately ) all right , who be you with ? Jill ? george' voice no . tina's voice ( lively but muffle ) george' voice no . tina's voice ( she 's hear Felicia ) awww -- george' voice I will call you back . tina's voice come on by . george' voice I will call you back ... tina's voice ( raucous laughter , muffle ) george' voice ( to Tina ) okay , okay ... he hang up . Felicia have fished for a cigarette , light it and cough . felicia' voice you be rude . I mean , you be very rude . george' voice hey , I try to get she off the phone . felicia' voice you know what I be talk about . george' voice no , baby . now look , that girl that call -- I have to talk to she , she will do something . felicia' voice like what ? george' voice I do not know , kill herself . she 's o.d. would four time . this calm Felicia . a pause . felicia' voice well , be she you girlfriend ? george' voice no . felicia' voice be you in love with she ? george' voice her ? felicia' voice be you ? george' voice no . felicia' voice then it 's not you problem . george' voice it be not ? felicia' voice no . you know too many sick lady . george' voice I guess so . felicia' voice how do you expect to get anything do if you allow yourself to get sidetracked ? particularly in you business ... you deal with woman every day ... george' voice I guess so . felicia' voice do not worry , honey , I will protect you . george' voice okay . felicia' voice God , I adore you . she start to kiss he , the sheet be rustling . the phone ring . felicia' voice ( cont 'd ) shit . george' voice hello . jill voice you be home . george' voice yeah . jill voice I be come over . george' voice I will call you back . jill voice ( firm but frighten ) no you will not . george' voice what do you mean ? jill voice I tell you I get ' scared up here , so if you be not come right now ... ( muffle ) I be not kid . george' voice okay . jill voice ( muffle ) george' voice yeah , yeah -- ' bye . George flip on the light . felicia whoever she be , she do not give up , do she ? GEORGE no . bare -ass , George swing out of bed , look for something . felicia what be you look for ? GEORGE my key . felicia I think you say you be not go anywhere . GEORGE I be not . I mean I have gotta see this friend of mine for a few minute . felicia you mean that girl , do not you ? George find he key and have begin throw on he clothes , a pair of crumpled levis , and a brightly - color shirt . he leave he short and sock on the floor . he 's obviously in a hurry . GEORGE what girl , she 's not a girl , she 's just a friend of mine . Felicia give he a long hard look as he dress . felicia you son of a bitch . George sigh , shrug , and head toward the door . felicia ( cont 'd ) wait , at least wait ' till I be dress . I be go . she start to get out of bed . felicia ( cont 'd ) oh , Christ -- do you have any kleenex ? George be a little desperate now . he run to the bathroom , toss she the whole box . felicia ( cont 'd ) thanks a lot . GEORGE ( desperate ) listen , baby , do not leave , really . felicia why not ? GEORGE I will be right back , it 's just that this girl be a different girl ... she have attack . felicia what ? GEORGE this attack ... it 's get something to do with she ... uh ... pancreas . George be try to remember the rest . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) she 's get a ... felicia ( suddenly interested ) do she have a pancreatic ulcer ? GEORGE ( anxious to go now ) yeah , I think so . felicia that 's very serious . who 's she doctor ? GEORGE I do not know . felicia gee , that 's very serious ... GEORGE I know . felicia Ruth lesserman have a pancreatic ulcer . GEORGE she do ? felicia it turn out to be cancer . GEORGE wow . felicia so what be you do go over there ? you be not she doctor . GEORGE I have gotta give she some pill . percodan , she run out . before Felicia can say anymore , George go to the bathroom and grab the first pill jar he can find , move to Felicia and kiss she . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) and listen , I will be right back and I want you ass in that bed when I get back . felicia ( acquiescing ) you be very rude ... if you do not come back -- GEORGE I will be back in a while . felicia I do not want to see you anymore . GEORGE I will be right back , baby , really . ext . sunset strip - night George on he bike thread through traffic on the Strip . over this , we hear a few bar of the mama and the papas " Monday , Monday . " he pull up to a signal beside a fade Eugene mccarthy billboard . somebody honk . girl voice George ! GEORGE hey , baby , what 's happen ! girl ( not bad ) nothing , my sister 's back from Vegas . GEORGE that 's too bad . girl I have to see you . GEORGE hey , stop by the shop . he take off . wind through alley and head up the hill to Jill 's . it 's a shortcut whose precision should make it obvious he 's travel it a number of time . ext . at jill be - night George jump off he bike and pound on the door . jill voice ( soft ) who be it ? GEORGE ( furious ) who do you think it be ? jill open the door . she 's shaking . jill there be some shot . GEORGE what be you talk about ? jill gunshot , there be some gunshot . GEORGE ( look around ) where ? jill here in the canyon . GEORGE well , it 's a big canyon . ( see she 's upset ) honey , I be sorry but I have gotta get back ... just for a minute . jill let I come , too . ( plead ) please do not leave I alone . GEORGE what 's gonna happen ? jill ( near tear ) I do not know ... every once in a while I just get the feel something awful 's go to happen . GEORGE well , like what ? jill I do not know ... just ... somebody 's go to get I . Jill start to cry . she amble into the carport in she nightgown . jill ( cont 'd ) I have have this dumb dream lately . GEORGE what ? jill they be dumb , somebody ... I do not know ... GEORGE ( suspicious ) who ? jill I just ... who what ? GEORGE you say somebody ... who ? she 's not answer . jill I do not know . I can not remember . it be just in my dream . GEORGE no shit ? Jill laugh . George come over to she . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) nobody 's gonna get you . now get inside . jill ( uncertain ) George , I do not -- GEORGE you will do what I tell you . now get the fuck inside . she back inside . he move in after she . jill George -- GEORGE ( move after she ) keep move -- jill now , George -- GEORGE nobody 's gonna get you but I ! he leap after she and she scream , delighted . George chase she into the bedroom . Jill scream . he throw she on the bed and leap on top of she , kissing she . she like it . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) how be you , baby ? jill Fine . how be you ? GEORGE great , great , fantastic . fantastic . incredible . incredible , really incredible . jill what ? GEORGE I be gonna open the shop , baby , I be gonna open the shop . I be get it together . jill how ? GEORGE ( rise ) right now -- I be at the epitome of my life . right now I feel so good I be afraid something 's gonna happen . he get off the bed . Jill be fascinate . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) when I be a little kid , I use to want to go to Europe but right now wherever I be I be gonna be in Europe . jill honey , what happen ? GEORGE I just come from a meeting ... I can not talk about it now , baby . but in a few day -- see I be disgust with my life . jill I think you say you be at the epitome of you life . GEORGE I be , I be . but I have have it with chick . they be like a occupational hazard . six guy work for I ... I be gonna retire or settle down or something . jill what about I ? GEORGE ( meaning it ) you be different . jill I be ? GEORGE you be great . jill I be ? GEORGE yeah . jill do you really mean that ? GEORGE hey , baby -- I be gonna retire with you . he kiss she . they start roll around on the bed . jill honey ? GEORGE yeah , baby . jill why be I great ? George be a little annoyed . GEORGE Jesus , I do not know . you be great . Jill look a little perplex . jill will we live together ? GEORGE we live together now . jill but in the same house , you know , one house . GEORGE ( just a slight hitch ) -- sure . she hug he . int . jill bedroom - later George in bed , beginning to sleep . hubert humphrey express opinion at he chance tomorrow on tv . jill maybe you do not even like child . GEORGE of course I like child . jill you have never even be around one . GEORGE I be around you and I like you , do not I ? jill ( smile despite herself ) yeah . GEORGE okay ... ( sink back down ) night , baby . jill ( after a moment ) George ? GEORGE what ! jill not right now , I do not mean right now ... but eventually ... GEORGE ( grumpy ) okay , baby . okay ... jill Jackie say she would not bring child into this world . that it 's hypocritical and overpopulate . ext . bank of america - day a few bar of the beatle and " sgt . pepper " over George on bike whipping into bank parking lot . int . bank of america - day George sit talk , with mr . pettis , a bank vice president . he be perspire a little . somebody 's breathe rather heavily . it 's Mr. pettis seat behind he desk now and opposite George . he 's go over something . pettis ( look up now ) oh yes . Mrs. shumann call about you . GEORGE ( smile ) right . pettis how be she ? GEORGE great . pettis wonderful woman . GEORGE she be . pettis I go to school with she husband . GEORGE great . pettis ( pleasantly affirmative ) so you want to go in business for yourself ? GEORGE right . pettis and you need money ? GEORGE right , that 's right . pettis ( smile ) you do know what money 's like this day . GEORGE ( no ) well , yeah ... you know . pettis grab a sheet off he desk , one in plastic contain rate . pettis Jesus , look at this . nine , nine and three quarter -- that 's we prime rate . and I will tell you something else : the big boy be go for it . GEORGE they be ? pettis after all , Mr. roundy , we be pay six percent . six percent . fha 's at eight and a half -- no , we will not be go back to the old day . GEORGE I guess not ... pettis it 's get nothing to do with inflation . rates , for example , rise independently of tight money if you look at interest curve carefully . historically , that 's always be true , though most people do not realize it . a uncomfortable pause . pettis ( cont 'd ) what sort of reference do you have ? GEORGE well , I do Barbara rush . pettis pardon I ? GEORGE ( embarrassed now ) her hair , I do Barbara rush . pettis I mean credit reference , Mr. roundy . ext . melrose coffee house - day Jill haynes and jackie shawn , in mini skirt and boot , be have coffee at one of the interior decorator hangout outdoors off melrose in West Hollywood . a car honk . a cadillac pull up to the curb . its occupant honk again , obviously try to attract they attention . Jill start to look over . jackie I think you be crazy . do not look over , it 's lenny silverman . jill who be that ? jackie ( deadly ) a real swinger . he 's be try to fuck I for about two hundred year . leonard be now call Jackie 's name . Jackie can not avoid it anymore . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( pleasantly ) hi , Leonard . leonard Jackie , what be you do ? jackie ( they be have coffee ) go for a pony ride at kiddieland , want to come along ? leonard I have to meet a client ... who be you dating ? Jackie look off and spot a billboard . jackie poster - kleiser . leonard oh yeah ? jackie that 's right . leonard I will call you . jackie Fine . leonard see you later . jackie anyway , you be crazy . jill I be ? I mean why ? jackie oh , honey , do not be totally naive . jill I be not . maybe I be . jackie no , listen . he 's a very good hairdresser . Jill look at Jackie . jackie ( cont 'd ) well , he be . jill ( annoyed ) so what 's you point ? jackie Jill , I be just try to be helpful . jill I know , I be sorry . jackie I spend three year with he . I just could not take it not know who be gonna pay the rent ... he unemployment or mine . George be adorable but it drive I cracker . now at least I be comfortable . lester do what he say he will do . maybe you be happy live like a gypsy . be you ? jill George be great but I know what you mean . jackie face it , you can go around with cute guy and get hang up on they sexy body and thing like that but sooner or later you have get to find somebody . face it , time be not on you side . jill I guess not . int . bank of america - day George and Mr. pettis . GEORGE ( give it all he 's get ) I have get the customer ... that 's my point . I be the one they want . if I have my own shop , they would leave and come to I . I have a lot of customer . pettis look , Mr. roundy , why do not you make out a financial statement ? it will save we both some time . miss michael here can show you ... have it notarize and we will see where we go from there . miss michael , would you get I a couple of form ? pettis rise , shake George 's hand and disappear . George be leave with miss michael , who have be more or less within earshot of the whole conversation . George be very upset . int . office waiting room - day Jill thumb through a life magazine with eldridge cleaver on the cover , wait for a interview in the outer office of the 9000 Building whose open window overlook a smoggy chunk of the city . she 's one of so many girl that at first she 's not recognizable . all of they have composite which they carry in leather folder . they eye each other uneasily . int . interview office - day there be the producer , Barry , and the director , johnny pope . jill Egypt ? pope that 's right . jill but why Egypt ? pope well , that 's where the pyramid be and we want real pyramid in the ad . Jill nod . producer you seem disappointed . jill no ... how long do you say ? producer Three week . Jill nod . jill Egypt ? Pope , chagrine , shoot Jill a look . he 's try to get she the job . producer look , be there somewhere else you would rather go ? maybe we can change we location . jill no , it 's not that ... producer do you have child ? jill no . producer be you marry ? jill no . producer do you have something against travel ? jill ( unable to interpret Pope 's look to she ) no . pope well , do you have something against we ? Jill laugh , a little embarrassed . jill no ! producer ( to Pope , he 's waste time ) John ... pope ( ignore he ) go ahead , Jill , you can say it . jill now I be embarrassed to tell you . she be , too , and Pope can see it . producer we will let you know tomorrow . jill please do not misunderstand ... I would really like to go . producer ( a little sarcastic ) thanks for come by . Jill be at the door . she turn back . to Pope . jill oh. thank you . pope sure . Jill leave . pope ( cont 'd ) ( shaking he head ) this town ... at the shop on Brighton Way in beverly Hills . a few bar of simon and garfunkel be " sound of silence " cover George pull up on he bike . the street be empty of traffic except there be score and score of park car , a few parking lot attendant , and some meter maid . George start toward the shop . a pair of woman in color smock and huge curler burst out of the shop . they look like medusas . they hurtle down the sidewalk as if they be run from something . then they find they respective car and begin pour penny into the meter . clink , buzz , clink , buzz . George look glum . he 's walk along the street . a girl stop he . she 's drive by in a 3.4 jag . girl hi , George . GEORGE hey , baby , what 's happen ? girl nothing , I reconcile with ron , you know , the guy I divorced last summer . GEORGE great , great . I hope you make it . somebody honk in back of she . girl call I ! GEORGE I do not have you number , stop by the shop . girl ( wave goodbye ) okay ! George look after she , smile . then : GEORGE ( disgust ) God damn it . he go into the shop . a large gilt mirror on one wall of the shop . it cover most of the wall it lean against . a attractive young woman in she early thirty , everything match , a real french garden , lean forward into shot and look at herself in the mirror . she study she image carefully . she move closer to it . she seem uncertain at first . then as she look she conviction grow : tina great ... great ... great ... great ... great ! she turn back to dennis lolly , she hairdresser . she take he hand . tina ( cont 'd ) great , Dennis . with she other hand she touch she hair . tina ( cont 'd ) do you think there 's enough height ? I mean do you think there 's enough height ? now she and Dennis look into the mirror at she together . Dennis toy with the calico scarf around he neck . Felicia , in far corner , wait defiantly . George spot she . tina ( cont 'd ) George , do you think there 's enough height ? GEORGE ( on way to Felicia ) yeah , sure . tina Dennis do not think so . dennis man , I do not say a word . tina well , what do you think ? be there enough height ? both Dennis and Tina turn back to the mirror for further deliberation . felicia you be late , George . GEORGE ( take she to he cubicle ) I gotta talk to you . felicia I do not want to talk about it ... GEORGE but you do not know what happen . felicia I do not care . tina George , do you think there 's too much height ? GEORGE ( seating she ) it 's great . you do not know what happen , this girl she almost get -- felicia ( a little hysterical ) I do not care about that girl , I do not care if she 's dead . GEORGE calm down , baby . felicia ( calming down ) I be perfectly calm , George , I be simply say you have no respect for I , that you be incapable of distinguishing between I and one of you average Hollywood ... mummer ... GEORGE -- what ? felicia nummer . GEORGE what ? felicia -- number , and I do not need to place myself in that kind of position . gloria tug on George 's arm . GEORGE what be you here for ? gloria ( as if give away a secret ) -- a wash and set . GEORGE no . gloria no ? GEORGE you need a cut . gloria but Mr. norman say -- GEORGE Said what ! gloria ( whisper ) I just need a wash and set , a wash and set , that 's all . GEORGE well , baby , I be George and it need to be cut . ( to Felicia ) but I do not want to place you in that position either . felicia -- I like myself far too much , far too much . GEORGE I do not want to place you in any position -- felicia -- to be put in that kind of position ... GEORGE ( to gloria ) I will have Mary wash you . Mary ! mary ( a schvar ) yeah ! GEORGE wash she . mary ( look at gloria ) what with ? GEORGE ( nudging she ) -- a brillo pad , I do not care , anything . Mary have go over to the shampoo stand above which be several photograph of model and one of a handsome young black Marine in fatigue . George have go to pick up a razor , change it . mary -- you takin ' a lot of shit lately , George . GEORGE -- oh yeah . mary ( mixing ) but then again you ask for it -- you just like my otis -- can not keep he hand outta lady ' hair either . George laugh . GEORGE -- White lady ? mary ( laugh , too ) -- oh my yes . felicia ( burn with anger ) George -- GEORGE ( call back ) I be come , baby -- ( to Mary ) how 's otis do , anyway ? mary that boy always do great . he 's a corporal or a squad leader or something , just write I from some place call kwang due ? GEORGE I do not know if you do not know -- felicia George ! George wink at Mary , head back . felicia ( cont 'd ) ( go right on ) I be not use to that kind of treatment . GEORGE what kind of treatment ? felicia ( go right on ) I have never be treat that way , and I be not go to start now . GEORGE Jesus , I do not know , baby , I be cut too much hair lately . I be lose all my concept ... Jill have enter the shop . she approach George . jill George . GEORGE hey , baby , what 's happen ? jill they want I to go to Egypt for three week . GEORGE great . Jill stand there now , not know what to say . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Jill , say hello to Felicia . jill hello . felicia hello . jill George . GEORGE yeah , baby ... jill how do it go at the bank ? George look away . GEORGE great . jill could I talk to you for a second ? GEORGE hey , I be , you know -- jill could I ? George move away from Felicia . GEORGE yeah . jill ( with some feel ) I say I be not sure if I could go . GEORGE go where ? jill ( impatiently ) Egypt ! GEORGE oh , great , listen , baby , I gotta get back , okay ? jill okay , but how do it go at the bank ? GEORGE great ... can we talk later ? norman ( the shop 's owner ) George ! GEORGE yeah . norman you be late , we be all back up and you be suppose to go to buffum . GEORGE buffum ? norman yes , buffum . GEORGE I have get head here , norman . norman you promise you would do the show . GEORGE oh fuck , norman ! norman do not use that tone of voice with I ... never mind , I will take Gordon . George turn back to Felicia as ricci come by . he 's near tear . ricci do you know what that lillian bercovici just do ? GEORGE ( work on Felicia ) no , man . ricci -- right after I spray she ? GEORGE what ? ricci ( lose control ) she touch it ! then she play in it and get it all into something else . now I do not know what it be ! he 's wait for George for sympathy . Jill step away gather patience . ricci ( cont 'd ) I can not even stand to talk to she on the phone . GEORGE ( sympathetic ) she 's heavy . ( to Felicia ) see , norman expect I to get in here , take care of all the customer and then do he show out in norwalk . I gotta have my own shop , just out of self defense . felicia I can see that . GEORGE you be look great , baby . felicia what be you do later ? GEORGE ( half kid ) whatever you say . felicia we have this political thing tonight . could you comb I out at the house ? George be tear . GEORGE I do not know . I be beginning to feel guilty . felicia what about ? GEORGE all I ever do be play . I should be do something to get my own shop open . felicia why do not you see lester ? GEORGE ( a little alarmed ) you husband ? felicia yes . GEORGE ( not sure what she 's drive at ) what about ? felicia the shop . I think you be a good investment , and I do not mind tell he . GEORGE hey , listen , baby , I be a star . Jill return . jill George . GEORGE hey , baby , say hello to Felicia . jill I already say hello . GEORGE okay . jill George . GEORGE yeah , baby . jill when can I talk to you ? GEORGE baby , I be in the middle of work . jill I know but this be important . I have to make a decision . GEORGE about what ? jill whether or not I be go . GEORGE go where ? jill Egypt . GEORGE honey , have they offer you the job ? jill no , but I think they might . GEORGE ( to Jill ) just a second , I will be right with you ... he turn back to Felicia . Jill move away . felicia ( interested ) be she all right ? GEORGE I do not know . just a minute ... George move over to Jill . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? jill you advice ! GEORGE they do not offer you the job yet . jill I want you feeling about it . GEORGE right now ? jill look , either we have a meaningful relationship or we do not , I have get to know . GEORGE ( really harass ) look , baby , can we talk about it later ? Felicia be watch they . jill when ? GEORGE when I get off work . jill when be that ? GEORGE I will call you . jill when be that , George ? GEORGE I will call you . jill ( really upset ) but I never know when you be work and when you be not work ! GEORGE ( half to himself ) neither do I , baby . jill what ? GEORGE nothing , I will call you , okay ? jill ... okay ... back to Felicia . as Jill leave . GEORGE -- anyway . felicia I hope she 's all right . GEORGE she 's fine . you really think I would be a good investment ? felicia I would not say so if I do not . GEORGE no , I know . felicia and I certainly would not tell lester . GEORGE I know . felicia I mean it or I would not say it . GEORGE that 's great . you look great , baby , great . Dennis , look at Felicia 's hair . Dennis stop . he 's with the desk girl . both of they : dennis & desk girl great . ext . shop - day Jill , in street , on verge of tear ... move to she car ... get in ... sit for a long moment . ext . office build - day George on bike pull into office building . the music over be jefferson airplane's " white rabbit . " int . lester' office - day in he inner office . lester be on the telephone , stare out the window . lester look , kurt , I do not care where you have to go . I want beluga caviar there . call jurgenson 's , call chasen 's ... I do not care how much it cost ... how much ?... then spend it . just make sure it 's there . you have get all the money in the world to buy it . you understand ? just make sure it 's there on the table tonight . ( he hang up ) Jesus . ( to George , to no one ) you have get to do everything yourself . you know ? suddenly lester give George a steely look . it cover he hair , he clothes . George be acutely uncomfortable . lester ( cont 'd ) Felicia say you be a very good hairdresser . GEORGE well , yeah . lester she say you be a fabulous hairdresser . GEORGE thank you . lester I do not say it , she do . how would you happen to get in that line of work ? George sort of know what lester 's drive at . GEORGE oh , well , I go to beauty school ... you know you go to beauty school ... and you get you operator 's license ... and you graduate ... and you be a hairdresser . lester I see . Long pause . George have not tell lester what he want to know . lester ( cont 'd ) it 's a unusual trade . GEORGE yes it be . a awkward pause . lester but the important thing be you be successful at it . GEORGE in a way . but ... lester but what ? GEORGE I be better than the guy I work for . this seem to interest lester . lester well , George , I invest for a lot of people . I make a lot of money for they . more than they could do for themselves . GEORGE after a while that hurt ... do not it ? lester smile . he appreciate this . lester it 's good you want to do something , George . GEORGE thank you . lester but personal service be not the kind of thing I usually get into . GEORGE they be not ? lester ( suddenly direct , almost enthusiastic ) no , they be a pain in the ass , there 's no way of keep track of anything . it 's a cash business and you have get to watch you operator or they will steal you blind , be I right or be I right ? GEORGE you be right . lester who need that kind of aggravation ? who need that kind of aggravation at my age ? when I finish work I want to ... the door burst open . it 's one of the secretary . secretary Mr. karpf ... Jackie be right behind she . she bounce in , not see George . jackie I be sorry but I need a extra garage key . in lester 's presence she seem distinctly young than she do with Jill . she 's startle when she see George . lester what for ? what do you need the key for ? Jackie continue to stare at George . jackie the man from sloan 's be come . I call you about it . lester how do you lose that key ? oh , George , this be uh miss -- this be Jackie . jackie oh , hi , I mean hello , we have meet . lester ( a little suspiciously ) be that right ? jackie ( almost immediately on the defensive ) well , yes , George be a wonderful hairdresser . lester be that right ? awkward pause . jackie so how 's norman ? GEORGE great . who 's be do you hair ? Jackie glance at lester . jackie I go to the blue and gold barber shop in westwood . the guy in the third chair 's dynamite ... nobody much . lester George be go to open a shop . jackie ( really interested ) no kid ? you own shop ? George start to say yes . lester George , could you -- excuse we for a minute ? GEORGE sure . he leave the office , shut the door , leave Jackie and lester alone . lester shut the door . lester I call to tell you I be send one over but the line be busy , you be always on the phone . jackie I be ? lester who be you talk to ? jackie who do you think I be talk to ? lester my secretary see you with that boy . jackie Steve ? lester whatever he name be , that actor . Jackie look for a moment as if she 's go to get very emotional . jackie Steve slute , and he 's not a boy . ( a touch bitter ) Steve could not get arrest as a actor . he could not get arrest as a boy . lester then you be talk to he . jackie I run into he at the 76 station on little Santa monica , what be I suppose to do , hide in the lady room ? yes , I be talk to he . lester 's a little chagrine now but not much . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( a outburst ) I be always on the phone because you never let I see anybody , I can not even bring my girlfriend over to the house because they might run into you . you be drive I up the wall , lester . you be even jealous of the dog . I mean I have gotta have somebody I can talk to . lester I be not jealous of the dog . Jackie look at he in disgust . lester ( cont 'd ) ( very positive ) now listen , Jackie , I be not jealous of anybody , I just can not afford to get catch ... off base . jackie so I can not talk to some break down actor , what do you think , I be go to tell he I be screwing lester karpf ! lester of course not . jackie that 's not very logical , lester . int . office - GEORGE and secretary pick up the tail end of this . secretary he think the room be soundproofed . do not tell he it 's not . GEORGE how come ? secretary he will have that awful construction crew back again , and they can never do anything right . int . lester' office lester ( try to think of why ) it 's very logical , it 's the most logical thing in the world . you would not feel this confine if we could go out with people and have dinner , and a little conversation and so forth ... jackie really ? how about start with tonight ? by she tone , Jackie indicate she 's be say all of this for month . lester repeat it like it 's just occur to he genuinely upset she . she 's near tear and she 's not the kind of girl who cry easily . lester 's sensitive to it . lester sweetheart , I know it 's rough but at this point -- my business involve handle money for some very touchy people , politics and so on ... Felicia 's at a very difficult period in she life ... any divorce and settlement and so forth , my finances would have to be look into . Jackie know what he 's talk about . jackie ( quietly ) you and you touchy investor . lester ( finally ) look ... you do well for people , they do not ask you to stop . nobody want you to stop make money , doll , not even uncle Sam . they all want they share . Jackie come over to lester . jackie you be lie about one thing , lester . lester what 's that ? jackie you be still jealous . she 's say it provocatively and like the young girl she can be with he . lester smile . he 's almost benign . lester God , you be a doll . he take she in he arm and she respond . lester ( cont 'd ) ( he mean it ) we will work something out about tonight , I promise ... int . office - GEORGE and secretary the door open . Jackie and lester emerge , distinctly subdued . lester Angie , give miss shawn a garage key for the bowmont House , would you ? angie yes , Mr. karpf . Angie open she desk and go through some file , pull out a key , put it in a envelope and hand it to Jackie -- she 's lightning quick about it , super efficient . lester well , let 's go down together . c'mon , George , I will walk you out . lester , jackie and GEORGE in hallway by elevator Jackie turn to stub out a cigarette in a stand ashtray . lester ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) Felicia 's really interested in the shop , be not she ? GEORGE oh yeah . Jackie move back . lester ( normal tone now ) well , George , you may not think ten or fifteen grand mean much to I , but I invest for myself and a lot of particular people . GEORGE oh yeah ? I mean I know . lester so I be go to want a little more of you think on the subject . the elevator door open . GEORGE when ? lester when ? the door close on the three of they . int . elevator go down . George be look at lester , wait for a answer . lester ( look up slowly ) how about tonight ? Jackie look to lester . lester wink at Jackie . GEORGE tonight ? lester yeah , little election party I be give at the Bistro . it 's a pain in the ass but -- I have to do it . we will have a little time to talk there . the elevator stop on the third floor . a man in a suit and a middle - age woman with a cane get in . they be stranger to each other . the elevator proceed . lester ( cont 'd ) ( quiet , almost solemn in they presence ) -- maybe you could , on you way , you know , pick up Jackie here . GEORGE ( slowly ) okay . they have reach the basement and be stand as Bill the maintenance man , race around the car to get to lester 's roll . lester it 's good you want to do something , George . George do not answer this time . lester ( cont 'd ) I wish my son know what he want to do . GEORGE oh yeah ? lester -- anything , I do not care what it be , just so it 's something . GEORGE I know what you mean . lester 's car be back up . the door open for he . lester ( thoughtfully ) maybe he ought to go to beauty school . anyway , see you tonight , doll , okay ? jackie Fine . lester slip Bill a few dollar and take off , leave Jackie and George look at each other . Jackie shake she head . jackie ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... GEORGE -- yeah ... you car down here ? Jackie nod . they walk toward it . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) -- listen , I be suppose to take Jill to El cholo tonight . she 's really go to be piss if I do not . jackie -- maybe she will come with we . if I tell she how important it be to I , I do not think she will mind . do you ? GEORGE I do not know . probably not . jackie Jill 's really great , be not she ? GEORGE great ... so how 's everything with you ? they have reach Jackie 's 230sl . jackie great , more or less . she start to get in . GEORGE how long you have this ? jackie oh , about six week now ... lester -- well , he 's very sweet . GEORGE I be sure . jackie he 's a very private person , actually . GEORGE yeah -- he do not happen to know that we go together , do he ? Jackie have start to get in the car several time . this stop she again . jackie -- well no . it never come up . GEORGE you go to tell he ? jackie ( smoothly ) -- what for ? honey , I will see you later . they kiss each other 's cheek , she get in and take off . ext . santa monica boulevard - jill and jackie - day tooling along the track in Jackie 's 230sl . jackie Jill , you be a real sweetie pie . you really be . ( she glance over at Jill ) you be sure you do not mind ? jill do not be silly . jackie you be really a love -- you sure ? jill -- no. no really . jackie well , what be it , honey ? jill nothing . jackie it must be something . jill well , it 's George . jackie I think you say thing be great with George . jill well they be . but we have problem . you say thing be great with lester . be he go to marry you ? jackie we do not think marriage be important . jill but you have problem ? jackie -- yeah , honey ... jill and jackie jill I do not know . one minute he 's up in the air and make love to I five time a day and tell I everything 's go to be great and he 's get he own shop and then suddenly he disappear and he will not even talk to I . it 's drive I crazy . Jackie pull away from the signal a little jerkily . jackie five time a day ? jill ( sigh , then ) -- I guess it 's all get to do with this shop . jackie really , Jill , be not you exaggerate just a little ? five time a day ? jill ( embarrassed ) well , you know what I mean . jackie after four year ? no I do not ... and I do not know too many girl who do . jill I be exaggerate . jackie how much ? jill ( giggle a little ) Jackie -- jackie what ? jackie and jill jill ( take a little breath ) well ... it 's not so much the number of time he do it , it 's ... he do it for a long time . jackie he do ? jill well yes -- you know that about George . jackie it 's be so long I do not how long ? jill quite a while ... a hour , a hour and a half -- sometimes forty - five minute -- that 's quite a while , be not it ? jackie I would say so , yes . jill honey ? jackie what ? jill I think you be go to hit that car in front of we . Jackie slam on the brake . int . unemployment line - jill and jackie - day stand there . jill -- see , I just know that if I go to Egypt , well , thing happen , I just do not know what will happen to we , he just never seem to think ahead , do he ? jackie -- when you say forty - five minute or a hour , do you mean continuous time ? just continually , without stop ? jill -- well -- not go in and out , I do not mean just that . why be you ask I ? you go with George longer than I have . jackie -- I guess I just block it out , that 's all . jill c'mon . jackie well , there be this one time -- jill ( a little devilish ) -- yess ? jackie -- I be in the kitchen do the dish and George be out in Long Beach do a show ... jill ( meaning yes ) -- uhh-huhh ... jackie -- well it be very hot so I would leave the door open and the water be run so I do not hear he come down the stair ... jill ... mmm-hmmm . now Jackie have begin to lose she self - consciousness and be into the story . a little faint edge of nervousness or something like it begin to take over Jill . jackie -- he come up behind I and I be wiping a dish and he just ... lift up my skirt , and , you know , right there ... jill do not you have any panty on ? jackie ( remember ) -- he reach up and tore they . jill what do you do ? jackie well ... I just keep wiping that dish . maybe it do not sound very sexy but it be . jill ( faintly perturb ) no , it sound very sexy -- do you just stay by the sink all that time ? jackie no , he pick I up and carry I out to the sundeck -- God , it be hot . the wood on the sundeck , everything . ext . lester' house - bel AIR - afternoon a gardener be riding a mower around the front lawn . there be three car park in and around the circular driveway . int . bedroom - lester he slip into a cardigan sweater . his vanity be restrict entirely to how well press and clean everything be he wear . he go out of the dress room toward the kitchen , pass lorna on the phone in the live room and Felicia at dining room table , hair in curler , read cosmopolitan magazine . lester do you think George be a fairy ? felicia who ? lester that kid ... the hairdresser . felicia well , I do not know for sure ... he 's a hairdresser . mona bring she coffee from kitchen . felicia ( cont 'd ) thank you , mona . lester have swallow some vitamin in the kitchen . turn to she . lester maybe he 's just a kooky guy who like do something kooky like that . felicia maybe ... why do you ask ? lester I be think of invest with he . he worry I . felicia why ? lester maybe he 's too flighty and irresponsible . that 's why I ask if he be a fairy . felicia I do not know . he 's a hairdresser . lester ( really ask ) you suggest it , do not you think it 's a good idea ? felicia yes , but ... I think ... lester what ? felicia that you be just indulge I . lester no , doll , I listen to you . and if a deal lose money that 's not so bad either if it 's handle right . he give Felicia a peck and start out . lester ( cont 'd ) he 's a nice boy . I invite he tonight . I be sorry he 's a fairy . int . shop - GEORGE at work - day George be busy . he 's work on anjanette . anjanette you be in a good mood today , George . GEORGE yeah , baby . thing be great . listen , there 's devra , whatta you want ? anjanette Chicken salad . GEORGE Chicken salad , devra ! devra I do not have any change . GEORGE get some at the desk . anjanette anyway , you remember harold ? GEORGE yeah , baby , how 's it go ? the phone ring . norman bring it to George . norman George ... Jackie shawn . George seem really surprised to hear the voice on the other end . anjanette look around . GEORGE no , I would like to but I have get too many head here , can not you stop by the shop ? ( to shampoo girl ) two cap , Mary , yeah , two . ( back to phone ) okay , but I have to be in bel Air at four ... he hang up . it ring again . anjanette do not you think there 's too much gold ? GEORGE ( to anjanette ) it 's great . ( into phone ) you wanna speak to Mary ? hold on ... anjanette I do not know , I think ... GEORGE ( good nature , but firm ) look , would you argue with you doctor ? anjanette no . ricci come up to he ready to cry . GEORGE ( to ricci ) hey , what 's happen ? ( call ) Mary ! telephone . ( to ricci ) what 's the matter ? ricci ( furious ) wanda ... GEORGE oh yeah ? ricci you be suppose to handle that bitch , she 's always ask for you , and she be furious you be not here . GEORGE yeah ?... ricci she 's murder she hair ... you do something with she , I be never go to touch she again . GEORGE I be busy , man . ricci if I have to touch she again , I will throw up ! GEORGE ( explode ) do not talk like a child . you be a pro , now get out there and cut ! ricci be stunne . he say under he breath , " I will throw up " again and leave . Mary , she back to George , sit hold the telephone to she ear . anjanette I think you be in a good mood . GEORGE I be ... except I have gotta do somebody at they house . anjanette do not you like she ? GEORGE no , it 's a very groovy girl . anjanette then what 's the problem ? GEORGE ( really worried ) she 's a very groovy girl . that 's the problem . anjanette what be you talk about , George ? GEORGE well , it 's a small town . sooner or later thing catch up with you ... do not they ? Mary run out of the shop , tipping over a magazine rack . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) where 's the cap , Mary ? she 's exite front door in a hurry . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Mary ? what 's goin ' on , Mary ? ext . GEORGE on he motorcycle - moving - day music , the byrd , " turn , turn , turn . " he pull up to a rustic house . he get he little case off the bike and then hesitates . he walk to the door and ring the bell . Jackie answer the door . she seem distract and , at the same time , a little wary . much the same , in fact , as George . jackie hi. c'mon in . Jackie 's wear a robe . they walk into the live room , the dog yelping . jackie ( cont 'd ) shut up , it 's all right . ( to George , automatically ) do you want a drink ? GEORGE no , thanks . jackie well , I do . she start to mix herself a drink . she change she mind , pour herself a shot of whiskey and hurl it back . she do it again . when she turn back to George he 's look at she noncommittally . jackie ( cont 'd ) where do you want to do this ? GEORGE probably the bathroom . jackie can not you do it out here ? George look around . GEORGE well , it depend . if you just want a combout . I guess I could . Jackie turn to he , honestly uncertain . jackie well , what do you think ? George himself be tentative . GEORGE I do not know . why do not you sit down . Jackie look around a little at a loss and finally sit down on the glass - top coffee table . jackie ( meaning she position ) be this all right ? George move in . he draw the drape back so light come in from the backyard and the swim pool can be see . GEORGE yeah . he take she hair in he hand . the contact make they both nervous . she look away . George continue to run he hand through she hair . jackie ( a little nervous ) well , what do you think ? GEORGE I would cut it ... jackie you would ? GEORGE yeah , I think so ... jackie ( almost irritable ) you do not seem very sure . GEORGE no , I be sure . there be a moment where Jackie be try to decide whether she will let George actually cut she hair . jackie ( then ) okay ... but I want you to know one thing . ( almost a threat ) I have get to look great tonight , I mean I have to look great , okay ? GEORGE okay . int . felicia' bedroom and dressing room - day Felicia be throw on a bandana and wraparound sunglass . she seem in a hurry . she leave the bathroom , move quickly through the house to the kitchen . she pass lorna 's bedroom . lorna be change from she school clothes into a tennis dress . she watch she mother flash by . in the kitchen Felicia stop . she be hold a dangle pearl earring in she hand . felicia mona , mona ! mona come out from the laundry room . Felicia have call a little too loud . felicia ( cont 'd ) ( indicate earring ) have you see the other one of this by any chance ? I want to wear they tonight . ( before mona can answer ) oh ... when George get here , tell he to wait . I have to pick up a dress and I may have to have it fitte , but be sure ... lorna amble into the kitchen , expressionless . felicia ( cont 'd ) ... to tell he to wait . mona yes , mar 'am . but I have to go to the market ... felicia just be sure he do not leave . Felicia flash out the door and into the carport , visible through the kitchen . she take off . lorna slowly slip a white swetlet onto she slender wrist . int . jackie' bedroom and bath - day which include a sauna . Jackie 's get on a terry - cloth robe . George have be wetting she hair in the basin . her terry cloth robe be bulky and obviously in the way . jackie Jill 's come with we . GEORGE great . jackie she 's incredible ... ( after a moment ) she love you , George . GEORGE yeah ... I mean great . George begin to cut . Jackie wince a little . George notice it . jackie get my hair cut be always a little nerve-wrack . the cut go on . the bathroom be very close . George have begin to perspire a little as have Jackie . jackie ( cont 'd ) ... I do not get it do often . GEORGE whew . jackie what 's wrong ? GEORGE it 's hot in here . jackie ( after a moment ) it 's the sauna , I keep the sauna on and it make the whole bathroom hot . GEORGE yeah ... wow . George stop and take off he shirt . he 's wear a purple T shirt underneath . he go back to cut . Jackie 's get more and more edgy , partly because of George 's proximity and partly because of she concern over what he 's do . George on the other hand be now less tentative , more focus on the job at hand . jackie ( finally ) not too much , do not cut too much . GEORGE Jackie , would you argue with you doctor . jackie the shrink ? many time . George stop and look at she . both be perspire freely now . jackie ( cont 'd ) bernstein ... seem to think I hate man . GEORGE do you ? you still see he ? Jackie try to look at she hair in the mirror . George gently pull she back . jackie ( with some feel ) no . GEORGE why not ? Jackie do not answer . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) why not ? jackie ... he try to ... uh ... make it with I . GEORGE and ? jackie and what ? GEORGE do you ? Jackie look up slowly . George be still cut , not look directly at she . jackie it be after you , baby . after you . GEORGE ( breathes deeply ) Boy , that sauna be really ... can not you turn it down or something ? jackie no ... lester like it on all the time in case he want to use it . int . jill bedroom - day Jill , alone , sit on bed . gaze into bureau mirror , shaping she hair . the phone ring . jill hello ... oh hi , johnny . oh really ? thank you ... be you serious ?... tonight I be busy , I ... right now ? oh no , you really could not come up here . int . jackie' bedroom & bath - day with Jackie 's hair considerably short . George be sit now as he work , he knee wedge between she leg , work very close . jackie anyway , he offer I a silver cloud . at least he should give I a Ferrari and pay off my house and give I a nine carat ring or something ... GEORGE ( amused ) do lester know about he ? jackie there be nothing to know . anyway ... if I can not have love I have to at least have money . I have to have some pride I can do something . George have start to dry she hair . he stop . he pick up the scissors . her hair be askew still so it 's difficult to see what George have do . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( stare at the scissors , a warning ) George ... GEORGE I just have to do one little thing . jackie if you screw I up for tonight , I will kill you , I swear to God , I will kill you . GEORGE I will not screw you up . ext . sunset boulevard - lester drive - day he dark blue roll royce . he 's listen to the radio , keep switch to pick up fresh news report . he turn off sunset and head up coldwater Canyon . int . jackie' bath and bedroom - jackie and GEORGE - day jackie George ... how about Felicia ? GEORGE ( expressionless ) what ? jackie do you ? GEORGE do I what ? jackie you know what I be talk about . GEORGE hey , I do not tell . jackie ( teasing ) can I count on that ? I just want to see lester with I and that cunt in the same room tonight . GEORGE yeah ? jackie well , do you or do not you ? George shut the blower off . he pick up he comb for the final comb out . GEORGE now , baby ... if I tell you about she ... then you could not count on I not tell anymore ... could you ? jackie you do , do not you ? they be very close and Jackie 's move closer . she 's intrigue , amused and at ease . George be try to keep some distance . GEORGE baby ... jackie you do , I know you do . GEORGE one of my few virtue be discretion . jackie you just can not stand to miss one of they , can you ? she 's move closer and closer , be deliberately provocative -- to seduce the information out of he . ext . jackie' STREET - day lester pull into it . he stop , reach in the glove compartment and pull out one of the little airline bottle of vodka . he pour it into a glass , drink it . he notice George 's bike in the driveway . next to he on the seat be a prettily wrap package . int . jackie' bedroom and bath - jackie and GEORGE - day George spray she . he turn she around in the chair to face the mirror so she can see herself for the first time . she should look really different , she hair significantly short , and modishly and beautifully cut to she face . Jackie 's lip part . jackie ( softly ) George ... GEORGE ( stare at she ) yeah , baby ... jackie you be a genius . her hand automatically go up to take he . he start to pull it back . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( grab it , thrilled ) you be a genius , do you know that , you be a genius ? she turn and throw she arm around George , kissing he . it 's too much for George . he kiss she back . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( try to resist ) oh , no . George be obsessed . he wrap he arm around she and she respond , passionately . jackie ( cont 'd ) oh , no . they be grapple , push and pull with each other . George kick away the stool by the mirror and try to bend Jackie to the rug-cover bathroom floor . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( genuine ) no ! do not ! please ! GEORGE ( force she down ) I do not want to ... I swear ... she throw she arm around he , kissing he and shove he away . George be tear at he trousers . they be on the floor now , roll around , bounce gently off the ceramic molding from the sink tub . jackie it will ruin everything . GEORGE I know ... you do not know , I know . jackie do not , do not , do not ... they hit the sauna room door as they be roll around and the door open . steam come pour over they , momentarily obscure they struggle . George have trouble get he pants down . at the last instant , Jackie give they a helpful tug . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( moan ) oh , no ... suddenly , the dog begin to bark . there be the SOUND of the door open . Jackie sit up . jackie ( cont 'd ) it 's lester . she 's freeze with fear . lester' voice ( muffle ) hey , doll ... Jackie ... honey ... where be you ? jackie get up , get up , get up . George be already try to pull on he trousers . Jackie be up and clutching she robe , unable to move . jackie ( cont 'd ) oh God , oh God , oh God ... do something , please God , do something . lester' voice ( nearer ) hey , baby , be you sleep ? GEORGE sit down . jackie ( frantic ) what be you talk about ? GEORGE ( equally frantic , force she ) sit down ! with lester he 's move into the bedroom , carry the package obviously a gift for Jackie . he 's be a little puzzle . his puzzlement be rapidly turn to suspicion . lester Jackie ?... Jackie ? lester open the door . he 's hit with a blast of steam and the sight of George stripped to the waist , ostensibly work over Jackie who be loosely wrap with a towel . George have a comb in one hand and now turn on the dryer , blow it with a somewhat exaggerated gesture . jackie shut the door , shut the door ! lester oh , I be sorry . he shut the door . then he think better of it . he open the door again and take a step into the bathroom . George wave the comb at lester a little impatiently . it 's wet and sprinkle lester . GEORGE look , either come in or stay out ! jackie shut the door , lester . what do you think this be , a picnic ? lester ( confuse now ) sorry , honey , I ... GEORGE that 's okay , that 's okay , just shut the door . lester shut the door , feel a little chagrine , and relieved . he sit on the bed and put the present beside he . in a moment George emerge . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ... she 's very upset ... lester what about , tonight ? GEORGE ( seize the opportunity ) that , and ... I will be do in a minute . he go back inside . in the bathroom GEORGE and jackie just stare silently into mirror at each other . lester' voice Jackie ?... hey , I bring you a little something , doll . at the door - lester and GEORGE George have he case of comb and scissors , etc. , and be stand with lester . he 's anxious to go . lester you look like you have have quite a work -out . GEORGE it 's nerve wrack sometimes ... woman can get you very upset . lester I know it , I know it . GEORGE ... this do hair it 's ... lester I know it , son . but tonight 's go to be even tougher . George just look at he . lester walk he to bike . lester ( cont 'd ) George , I know you have to deal with Felicia and you be catch in the middle , and if you can just bear with I tonight , well , I appreciate the way you have handle the situation . GEORGE oh , hey ... lester it 's a difficult situation , and I want you to know I appreciate it . tonight 's go to be real tough for I -- GEORGE I do not know what to ... lester Son , we will do business , I can tell you that . George roar off on bike . jackie and lester in kitchen Jackie be clean up some dog food . lester stand there for a minute . lester ( cont 'd ) I would like a drink . jackie ( look up ) just a second , I have gotta clean this mess up or the dog will have it all over the house . lester you ought to get rid of that dog . Jackie look up and then control herself . lester ( cont 'd ) they get hair all over the place . jackie they're yorky and they do not shed . Jackie go into the live room and fix lester a drink . lester follow . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( give he a drink ) here . lester be not you go to have one ? jackie no . lester why not ? jackie because I do not want one . lester go over to she to kiss she . lester c'mon , doll , it 's five o'clock , have a drink . Jackie turn away and explode . jackie I do not want one ! first you tell I not to drink then you tell I to drink , which be it ? I do not want a drink ! lester 's now a little intimidate , but even more suspicious . lester I call to tell you I be on my way , but the line be busy , you be always on the phone . ext . lester' house in bel AIR - day George pull into the circular driveway . cover by a few bar of the mama 's and the papa 's " California dreamin . " there 's only one car . George get off the bike and go to the door . nobody answer . he hear the SOUND of a ball banging . he look toward the tennis court . on the court - lorna be bang away on the backboard . there 's a basket of ball nearby . she hit with considerable skill and power until she miss the backboard and the ball lodge in the steel mesh surround the court . George be stand there . lorna look at he . lorna you here to see my mother ? GEORGE yeah . lorna she 's out , but you be suppose to wait . lorna walking to GEORGE lorna ( cont 'd ) hungry ? GEORGE a little . at the kitchen table they be eat silently . lorna have haul all kind of food out of the refrigerator . she watch George as he eat with some relish . she get up and go to the steel - door refrigerator . lorna ( indicate refrigerator ) this be the one thing I like about this house ... want some lox ? GEORGE no thanks . lorna you be my mother 's hairdresser ? GEORGE ( warily ) I do she hair , yeah . lorna chopped liver ? GEORGE no thanks . lorna be you gay ?... baked apple ?... they be cold but they be good . GEORGE no thanks . lorna do you hear I ? GEORGE yeah . lorna well , be you ? be you queer ? GEORGE ... yeah . lorna ( laugh ) c'mon , be you or be not you ? GEORGE ( try to avoid it ) gee , this be great . he slice a piece of cheesecake . lorna sit down , in the chair nearest he now . lorna c'mon , tell I . do not be afraid . GEORGE why do you wanna know so bad ? lorna see if you have be make it with my mother . GEORGE ( look at she for a minute , he change he tone ) what would my be a faggot have to do with that ? lorna shrug . lorna nothing , I guess ... have you ever make it with a guy ? GEORGE have you ever make it with a girl ? lorna I ask you first . GEORGE yeah ... I have make it with a girl ... lorna smile . a pause . lorna well , be you ? GEORGE be I what ? lorna make it with my mother ? George want to avoid this at all cost . he stare at lorna intently . GEORGE I would like to do you hair sometime . lorna why ? GEORGE ... just , you could look very heavy ... lorna do not make conversation with I . GEORGE what ? lorna you do not have to make conversation with I , I be not my mother ... do you have a thing about older woman ... that 's sort of faggoty be not it ? George be weary and get annoyed . GEORGE yeah , it be . lorna I never get my hair do . GEORGE no kid . lorna in fact , I do not think I have ever be to a beauty parlor in my whole life . GEORGE no shit . lorna you think that 's funny , do not you ? GEORGE ( laugh a little ) yeah . lorna you live a phony cheap cop-out existence . GEORGE ( determine to be light ) yeah ... lorna beverly Hills hairdresser ... what kind of a thing be that to do ... you might as well be a faggot ... think that 's funny too ? GEORGE no . lorna then what do you think ? GEORGE that you be just like you mother . lorna I be not like my mother ! GEORGE you be . lorna I be not ! GEORGE you be . lorna be furious . lorna I be not ! GEORGE ( he start to placate she ) look ... ( then defiantly ) do you wanna fuck I ? lorna ( defiantly ) yeah . George stop eat . he 's not prepare for this . GEORGE ( uneasily ) right now ? lorna ( a little more tentative now that the moment have arrive ) yeah . ext . source restaurant - johnny pope and jill - day a scraggly bearded waiter with long stringy hair set down two huge green salad before Jill and johnny Pope . in so do the waiter drop a wooden menu he 's be carry . as he bend down to pick it up , he kneel beside Pope . Pope tap he on the shoulder . pope ( tapping he ) oh , scrave ... waiter yes ? the waiter look up , and move . pope thank you . waiter what for ? pope take you hair out of my salad . waiter oh , I be sorry . Pope nod , Jill giggle . the waiter go off . Pope toss out a few piece of lettuce from the top of he salad . jill why do not you ask for another one ? pope be you kid ? his hair 's probably the most nutritious thing in here . see , you have reduce I to eat weed . jill ... my friend do not like it here either . pope all right , forget this filth . continue about you friend . jill well he 's not exactly a friend . pope be he a enemy ? jill ( laugh ) of course not ... he 's sort of a boyfriend . pope -- sort of a boyfriend ? jill sort of . pope I see . you mean he just sort of fuck you . jill johnny ! pope my God , do I say that ? I do not believe it . he look under he chair to see if it be somebody else . pope ( cont 'd ) I be terribly sorry . jill ( amused ) -- never mind . pope what do he do ? be he a actor ? jill -- no . pope good for you . jill he 's a hairdresser . Pope drop he fork in the salad bowl . pope -- oh , sure . a hairdresser . how ... how do you a ... meet a hairdresser ? jill get you hair do ... ( look at he , abruptly ) would you like to go to a party ? pope not with you hairdresser . ext . lester' house - felicia - day pull into the driveway . she get out of she car , spot George 's bike . int . the kitchen she see the food spread out . felicia move through the house . she stop by lorna 's room . lorna have a slide door , which be close . Felicia open it . felicia lorna ? lorna's bedroom lorna be sit on she bed , in she tennis dress but with she tennis shoe off . she 's straighten a string in she racket . she look to she mother , expressionless . felicia ( cont 'd ) have you see George ? lorna he 's in the bathroom . felicia you bathroom ? lorna yes . the toilet flush . the sink run , and George emerge . he 's look a little haggard . GEORGE hi. felicia ( coolly ) hello , George . they walk out to the lanai together and George pick up he case . there be considerable tension from Felicia as they walk into she bedroom . Felicia slide the bedroom door shut , a action which George unhappily notice . she turn to George . she look very hostile . she 's tremble . felicia ( cont 'd ) I have miss you . George be take aback . he grope for a moment . GEORGE I have ... miss you too . Felicia come to he . she come to he and touch he arm . George suddenly fling he case across the room and pound he fist into a high - back chair , turn away from Felicia . she clearly misunderstand the action . felicia ( touch ) it 's okay , honey ... it 's okay now . she move to the door and quietly lock it . George wince . she come back to he and kiss he gently . she kiss he again with more passion . George try to respond . felicia ( cont 'd ) comb my hair out later , honey . GEORGE no , that 's okay , I will do it now . felicia no , baby ... I be glad you be come tonight . she gently tug at he , lead he toward the bed . George be miserable . GEORGE ( look toward the door ) but be not you ... felicia right now , I just do not care . as they sink to the bed , Felicia switch on the hi -fi . the Tijuana brass begin to play . GEORGE on he bike - late afternoon cover by a few bar of Bob Dylan 's " like a Rolling Stone " . Riding home . he turn down he street and pull into he driveway . he get off he bike and only as he start up he walk do he see Jill . she 's be quietly wait on he front porch , hide in the shadow of the overhang . she do not look happy . George stop cold . GEORGE ( ? ) Jill say nothing . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) where 's you car ? jill a friend drop I off . GEORGE who ? jill never mind . where have you be ? GEORGE a business meeting , I tell you that . they go inside . the live room be messy . George look around in disgust . jill what business meeting ? GEORGE look at the way I live . jill I have be try to reach you all afternoon . you be not in the shop . what be this thing tonight ? GEORGE what do you mean , what be it ? it 's some political bullshit . jill I have to have Jackie ask I ? do not you think you could call I and let I know ? look at my hair . GEORGE wait a minute , god-damn - it . do you think I want to go to some God damned party ? I be try to get that God damned shop open . I be try to get a little bread together . that 's all I be do . George 's outburst have shocked Jill . George maniacally begin straighten the mess . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I just wanna live like everybody else , that 's all . I want clothes in the closet , and food in the refrigerator , and I do not want shit all over the house and run my ass all over town ... I want my own house ... I want a appointment book ... I want to get up in the morning and go to bed at night ... I want a normal life like everybody else , that 's all . he collapse into a chair . she come over to he and knee beside he . jill I know , honey . GEORGE maybe I should get a dog ... no , it would just shit all over the house and I would never clean it up . jill ( laugh a little , touch he ) oh , honey . if we have one place , we could have a nicer place and I could take care of it . we be almost never here . rear view mirror - night a signal red porsche cabriolet pull up into mirror . the top be down . under the brightly light streetlight Jill 's blonde hair and feature be visible . with GEORGE and jackie in she mercede . George still look through the rear view mirror . Jackie 's a knockout . jackie ( look at George look in mirror ) -- you will be the prettiest thing in the room -- light 's green ... GEORGE ( he take off ) -- oh yeah ... what do you know about this guy ? jackie -- what guy ? GEORGE ( gesture toward rear window ) -- this guy with Jill . jackie he 's a director . outside of bistro - GEORGE and johnny pope - night pull up , Pope right behind George . parking attendant leap for the door . a few photographer of the movie freak variety ask each other who this arrival be . one assure several other that they be nobody . GEORGE ( to attendant ) do I need a ticket for this ? attendant we will remember you . pope as they move to take he porsche . pope ( cont 'd ) ( shaking he head ) I will park it . Pope drive he own car onto the lot . with jill , GEORGE and jackie wait for Pope who be now amble toward they . GEORGE ( to Jill ) what do he direct besides traffic ? jill ha , ha . GEORGE Television or movie ? jill commercial . jackie ( quietly , to George ) feel better ? let 's go . Pope have join they . int . bistro foyer they clear it to see the long elegant bar , bath in soft light , fill with elegant customer . George look and see someone . a fortyish woman , attractive . GEORGE ( to Jackie ) Jesus Christ , there 's Norma stern . look at she hair . jackie what about it ? GEORGE look like somebody take a dump in it , that 's the worst color job I have -- Norma come over , hug George . norma George -- GEORGE ( point to she hair ) baby , you have be chippy on I -- norma yes , be not it awful -- GEORGE ( smile ) -- yes . Jackie tug he by the arm . jackie we be upstairs , George . now come on . behave yourself , and for Christ 's sake , do I a favor . do not let I drink too much . GEORGE ( go upstairs ) you do not do that anymore , do you ? bistro stair Jackie do not answer . they have reach the top of the stair . they be hit by the full force of the upstairs gather -- black tie , poster of Nixon , agnew , Reagan , and Murphy , vaguely familiar face crossing back and forth , cluster , watch early return on television set that be blaring from various point around the room . a orchestra plays meyer Davis Society jazz. Jackie and George hesitate . Pope and Jill be behind they . Pope jostle George as he stop , abruptly . George look around . Pope smile . he 's hold Jill 's hand . George notice . Jill disengage she hand casually , as though it be necessary only for the walk up the stair . Jackie nudge George , force he to move into the room with she as lester come toward they . he 's stop on he way over . waiter can I get you folk something ? jill a stinger , please . pope a tomato juice . GEORGE I will take a -- some white wine . waiter and you , madam ? jackie ( search the room ) oh I will uhh -- just a coke . the waiter move on and they wait for they drink . lester finally make to they . lester George , glad you could make it , son . hi , doll . jackie lester , this be my friend Jill and this be johnny Pope . lester glad to meet you , Jill , Mr. Pope . int . bistro upstair George turn to get he drink from the waiter as do Jill and pope. lester take Jackie 's arm . lester who be they ? jackie ( quickly ) Jill haynes , Jill haynes , I have tell you about Jill a hundred time , lester , you never remember anything I say . lester do she know about we ? jackie Jesus , she 's my best friend . lester who 's the guy , George 's boyfriend ? jackie I do not know . why do not you ask he ? lester c'mon , Jackie , I be only try -- George -- he draw George aside . lester ( cont 'd ) -- do I a favor , kind of keep you eye on Jackie , she 's a little high strung tonight -- GEORGE -- yeah ? lester see she do not drink too much . Jackie have hear this last . lester turn to she . lester ( cont 'd ) see you later , doll . Jackie put down she coke , pick up a glass of white wine from a pass tray and downs it in one gulp , put it on another tray and pick up another glass of white wine . felicia with cleavage carefully prominent in a strapless gown , spot George . she excuse herself from the couple she have be talk with and go straight to the powder room . int . powder room - felicia check herself out in the mirror , gloss she lip with a pale tint of something or other . she give a final anxious look , then hurry out , nearly bump into a lady come in . outside she move through the crowd up behind George , turn he around . felicia George , darling . she kiss he full on the lip , linger on it . GEORGE ( without bat a eye ) hey , baby , what 's happen . oh this be Jackie . Jackie , say hello to Felicia . it be only now that Felicia see one of George 's arm have be hold onto Jackie . jackie ( also without bat a eye ) hello , Felicia . felicia ( instantly suspicious of George ) ... hello . Felicia look from George to Jackie and back again . felicia ( cont 'd ) I be so glad you could make it . I have be look forward to see you . lester pour he drink on the cuff of a distinguished man sit beneath he at a table as he see George and Felicia and Jackie cluster together . with lester and man man lester , what the fuck do you think you be do ? lester Jesus , nate , I be sorry . lester fumble , try to clean nate off with a napkin . nate never mind , I will do it myself . he dip the napkin into a glass of ice water and proceed to clean off he cuff . nate go back to the tv monitor where agnew be make some remark or commentator be repeat he comment about be a household word . lester so far so good . nate aw there 's nothing to worry about . lester you never know . felicia with GEORGE felicia why do not you come alone ? lester invite you . do you have to bring she ? GEORGE ( look toward lester ) well she ... felicia she what ? GEORGE she 's a friend of Jill 's . felicia and who 's Jill ? she spot Jill . GEORGE well , she 's a friend of johnny Pope 's -- you know , the director . she look at Pope who be say something to Jill which be make she laugh . felicia oh. GEORGE be thread he way through a crowd , hold two drink , one of they a coca-cola . it 's a little more raucous now , with election return from the television set create a more festive mood . now and then someone jump up from a set and hug someone so carry drink be a little dodgy . jackie , f.g. - lester , b.g. , talking Jackie sit alone by the bar , a unlit cigarette in she mouth . a man offer she a match . she stare at the burn match as if it 's obscene . she blow it out . jackie no thanks . the man look a little shocked , move on . GEORGE have he arm hold . it 's kenneth , a red-haire decorator . kenneth Excuse I , I know I know you , but I can not think where . GEORGE look , I would like to help but -- Felicia grab George 's other arm pull he away from Kenneth . Kenneth look a little shocked at the ferocity of Felicia 's move . felicia there you be . she tug he with she . GEORGE wait a minute -- she take he right into the lady room , George still juggling the drink . johnny pope watch Felicia and George disappear into the lady room , look over Jill 's shoulder . Jill have not see it . pope this other couple that we be here with , do you know they very well ? jill well ... sure ... pope then maybe you can tell I why George would be go into the lady room . Jill look around and stare at the door . jill George ? be he alone ? pope I do not think so . jill well do he go in there with Jackie ? Pope point over to Jackie sit at the bar drink now . jill ( cont 'd ) that bastard . pope George be a hairdresser , be not he ? Jill do not answer . int . bathroom - felicia and GEORGE GEORGE ( desperate ) baby , you gotta let I out of here . Felicia kiss he . felicia sweetheart , it 's a bore out there ... let 's lock the door . GEORGE Holy Christ . you want to get we kill ? felicia do not be silly . I will just tell lester we be smoking a couple of joint . see ? she pull two joint out of she bead bag . lester only a few seat from Jackie , Jackie stare dagger at he , lester aware of it . he 's talk to a pair of lacquer eminence grise . lester -- fella , fella , just listen , you both have tideland , you both want uncle Sam to come through with offshore drilling permit -- so do it together -- jackie have take a olive from a olive tray and hit lester on the back of the head . he 's finish this little dissertation . he see the source of the missile . he grow pale , freeze . sixty -four year old bejewel woman in b.g . woman so , little red riding hood say ' my what big tooth you have and the wolf say all the better to eat you with , my dear , and she say -- eat , eat , eat , do not anybody ever fuck any more ? ' Jackie have now pick up a carrot from a relish tray . George appear . GEORGE do not do it . jackie that son of a bitch , everything he say be a phony piece of shit , what do he think , I be some cigar butt he 's get between he tooth -- GEORGE ( almost pick she up ) c'mon , cunt , you be go for a walk . he take she into the next room and lester watch the move with a mixture of relief and concern . int . other bar Jackie be now near tear . jackie he just completely ignore I . he could have at least say something , introduce I or something . int . SMALL bar GEORGE sweetheart , you be drunk . she lean on George . jackie oh God , what do I want , George ? lester come hurry in , sweat , now . lester hi , doll , what 's wrong ? jackie you know what 's wrong . Felicia trip come into the small bar . felicia lester -- lester straighten up like he 's be shot . lester oh , Felicia , there you be , you know George and uh -- uh -- he 's genuinely forget she name . jackie Jackie shawn . lester yes , Jackie shawn , my wi -- Felicia . felicia we have meet . jackie yes . GEORGE well anyway ... lester ( to Felicia ) you hair look -- well fabulous . felicia that 's George . int . SMALL bar lester it 's just -- fabulous . ( to George , a attempt at levity ) think you could do anything for I ? GEORGE ( he take it seriously ) well -- I could try . do you wash you hair every day ? lester be not that bad for it ? GEORGE no it keep the skin peel . you have get to keep the follicle open . you lose hair and the skin grow over the follicle and that 's how you lose it . George actually touch lester 's hair , professional interest grow . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) this really ought to be layer ... lester layer ? GEORGE well yeah , otherwise it just sort , you know , lie there -- layer so it kind of fluff out -- he start to fluff lester 's hair a little when johnny Pope walk in with Jill to this . Pope stare at they . pope I think they be wait for somebody to start dinner . lester have they sit down ? pope everybody but we . felicia they be wait for you , lester . int . bistro dinner table dinner be pretty much finish , waiter have begin pick up plate . izzy sokoloff ( to Jill ) I guess it 's almost impossible to get work in the business this day . Pope watch sokoloff make he move . jill well , commercial . I read for a soap the other day . izzy a soap ? jill a daytime soap opera . izzy and ? jill I be too old . izzy what be it , somebody 's daughter ? jill somebody 's mother . jackie' plate be untouched . she hold up she wine glass . jackie waiter ! George look at she . jackie ( cont 'd ) one word out of you and I will gargle with it . the waiter pour the wine . George look to Jill , shrug . Jill mouthes , ' try and stop she . ' George mouthes back , 'are you kid ? ' int . bistro sid roth have be eyeing Jackie . sid roth be not you hungry , miss shawn ? Jackie look at roth . roth shoot he cuff and smile . jackie not for rubber chicken , no . sid roth smile . Jackie smile back . sid roth ( intime ) well maybe I can get you something . jackie that 's very sweet of you , Mr. roth . sid roth sid. jackie sid . you must be a very important executive . sid roth ( almost a whisper ) well , whatever I be , I think I can get you whatever you would like . jackie you do ? sid roth yes . jackie ( same tone as sid 's ) -- well , more than anything else -- ( indicate George ) -- I would like to suck he cock . she point to George . George choke on the last of a piece of chicken . sid roth be stunne . he do not know what to do . George be cough badly . Jackie slap he back . head table - felicia and lester Felicia be listen to lester . the agnew and Nixon poster be directly behind they . lester ( to East ) -- Senator , you should have see that little kid ! about forty of them , all blind . we put out this mattress on the front lawn and they come run out of the house , trip and fall all over the place , have a hell of a good time . I mean they be blind of course . but it really give you a feel of accomplishment . I tell you I never have such a good time . Felicia during the above have look up to see Jackie fawn over George . she can not believe she eye . felicia lester -- senator -- let I understand this be exclusively a home for blind child -- felicia lester -- lester -- yes , Senator -- just a minute , dear -- felicia lester , do not you think that uhh -- now lester spot it . he 's very confuse . felicia ( cont 'd ) that girl 's make a awful spectacle of herself . lester ( angry himself ) what do you expect I to do about it ? felicia I just think you would like to know -- lester why would I like to know if there 's nothing I can do about it , goddammit -- other voice quiet ! Cranston 's on . they quiet down . jackie and GEORGE Jackie 's now move around kissing George on the mouth . Jill be watch . johnny Pope be fascinate . jill -- Jackie really should not drink -- pope -- oh I do not know -- jackie ( arm around George 's shoulder tonguing he ear ) -- just get I out of here , baby . I can not stand it . it 's kill I . GEORGE ( indicate head table ) -- we can not now . jackie -- why not ? c'mon , take I out of here , somewhere I do not have to lie to anybody and I will fuck you brain out , you little fiend , I adore you -- felicia be watch Jackie and George with ever great intensity , she mouth grow more and more agape . jackie and GEORGE jackie ( cont 'd ) ( plaintive ) -- do not you want to -- GEORGE Jackie , can we -- jackie ( a little louder ) who 's the great cocksucker in the world ? c'mon -- George look around sweat now . GEORGE ( very quietly ) -- you be . jackie fuckin ' a -- with that she slip right under the table . it 's a surprisingly fluid move . felicia almost simultaneously rise , knock she chair back . lester see both move and interrupt the Senator . lester ( cont 'd ) Senator , excuse I a moment -- he turn to Felicia and then look over toward Jackie 's empty chair and literally do not know which way to go first . he 's a little like the bear in the penny arcade that be shot and keep turn one way , then another . finally he head toward Jackie 's vacant chair and George . GEORGE he chin to the tablecloth be fishing under it for Jackie . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) now , Jackie -- jill ( try for aplomb ) -- she 's a very compulsive girl . pope I can see that . lester rush up . lester ( a desperate smile ) hello , George . you friend feel a little under the weather ? Jackie surface through the tablecloth . jackie ( to lester ) -- you phony asshole -- lester ( as if he do not hear it ) oh , dear that 's too bad . ( with quiet desperation , to George ) -- get she out of here , get she out of here . a cheer go up as some late return come in . dirksen be talk about a new mandate for law and order and peace with honor . lester ( cont 'd ) ( to sid ) what be that ? sid roth Illinois . lester ( do not know what he 's say ) -- oh , good . int . bistro lester glance back toward Felicia who be watch he . GEORGE Jackie , c'mon -- George move to Jill . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I have get to get she out of here . jill -- go ahead . GEORGE -- well be not you -- jill -- what ? ( indicate Pope ) -- I will see you later ... GEORGE ( not like it too much ) -- okay -- ( point ) -- I will see you later . you house . he move away with Jackie . lester turn back toward the main table . int . 230 sl - jackie and GEORGE - night drive down sunset boulevard . there be a long moment of silence . the radio' playing the Eve of destruction . George give Jackie a couple of sidelong glance . jackie ( finally ) -- gee ... GEORGE -- what ? jackie ( she sit up , light a cigarette ) I do not know what get into I . GEORGE you be great . jackie no , I blow it , I blow it with lester . GEORGE no you do not . jackie you do not think so ? I do . GEORGE you be great . jackie you always say that ... I really care for lester , do not I ? George laugh . GEORGE that sound like I . jackie I be you , you little bastard . she start to scrunch over and kiss he , then stop . jackie ( cont 'd ) where do you want to go ? GEORGE sammy 's ? jackie he still have party ? GEORGE he never stop . int . bistro - felicia be sitting with lester fume . a woman , rosalind , be painstakingly and painfully introduce the Senator . rosalind ... and so ... to have this man ... here ... among we ... who have help ... as have everyone here to bring so many people together ... of all race , creed , and color ... felicia and lester rosalind dron on , b.g . she finally introduce Senator East . int . bistro - felicia and lester felicia lester . lester yes , sweetheart , shh . he pat she hand . she give he a look that could kill . felicia -- I hope you like miss shawn -- lester -- what , who ? oh she 's very nice , yes -- I mean normally --- felicia -- cause she 's go to be very , very expensive . lester can not we go into this later , sweetheart ? rosalind voice lady and gentleman , to Senator Joe East . glass be raise , a little dissonant hurrah . felicia we can not go into this later . lester that 's okay too . felicia you make I sick . just be straight for once in you life . there be now o.s. call for East to do he indian chant . quick CUT to : east senator -- this tell of the ancient grandmother who , upon see the garden gate of she childhood , stop a moment and say , hello garden gate , hello garden gate , garden gate , hello . int . bistro - lester and felicia lester ( finally exasperate ) -- look , Felicia , this party involve more than you and I , you know . this people be concerned about more than each other , you know . felicia -- be that right ? lester -- yes , we be all try to do something to make this a better country to live in , believe it or not . the senator have begin he weird chant , beat out accompaniment on a cigar box and a pewter vase . felicia ( glance up ) -- be that what this be all about ? lester yes and you do not have to be sarcastic about it , that 's a beautiful thing he 's do -- some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at sak -- felicia lester , you be a miserable man . you be not help anybody . you be just twist arm to raise money for a lot of silly son of a bitch that be out for themselves -- this be just business , do not kid yourself . and you know the worst thing about it , even if it do somebody some good somewhere which I can not possibly imagine , you ' will never know the difference . you be just sweat and kid yourself - and you be kid yourself if you think you new business partner be go to keep he hand off that girl -- or that she will keep she hand off he . lester ( he turn like a shot ) what be you talk about ? int . bistro - lester and felicia felicia ( she laugh ) -- think what you have time to think , lester . lester grab she . lester what be you talk about , Felicia ? suddenly there 's a rumble in the room and East have stop chant . several man have step to the center of the room . one of they in a slate suit raise both hand . det . younger Excuse I , Senator . lady and gentleman , we be go to have to evacuate this room as quietly and quickly as possible . there 's nothing to worry about . we would like you to exit through the door here on my leave ... down the step into the street , please ! there be whisperings and rumbling of 'a bomb ' and rejoinder to the effect that it 's a hoax . nevertheless the exodus begin and grow to bedlam . waiter who have be fawn over jewele lady be now unceremoniously push they down the stair , even go over they to make the entrance . outside the emergency do not keep autograph hound from inhibit the exit as they try to hold up celebrity in the crowd that flow onto the street . Jill and johnny Pope be catch up in the swirl of the crowd . Pope temporarily lose Jill . he look around . Jill tap he on the shoulder . jill -- here I be . now what ? Pope turn . pope well -- as I see it we have get two choice . we can hang around here and wait for the bomb to go off , or we can go to my party . jill let 's do that . lester be with some security people , try to find out what they be do . b.g. be several police car , a fire truck , and the fire truck ambulance . light be flash . lester -- have they locate it ? somebody shrug . a car honk . lester be pull to the side . lester ( cont 'd ) ( look toward driver ) -- oh , sorry . then he see it 's Felicia . she give he the finger , and lay rubber nearly sideswipe he . one of the security men what be that all about ? somebody else say ' who be that ? ' lester shrug . int . sammy' house - GEORGE and jackie be dance to a tape of ' good vibration . ' George 's coat be off , he tie loose . they be near the entryway and sit on a large staircase b.g. a young girl can be see breast feed she baby . George and Jackie be obviously enjoy themselves . the tape end . George 's silk shirt be cling down the center of he back . he move with Jackie , where she pick up a coke at the bar . a black in a caftan with a huge afro offer Jackie a joint . she take a drag , she and George move outside the live room . as they walk she hand the joint to George who hand the joint to a couple of girl lie on a low couch by the door -- all without really lose stride . outside sammy' - night there 's a long roll lawn . the light be soft come from the live room , the music more mute . Jackie , nevertheless , be breathe rather heavily from the dance . George be look at she intently , too intently for she not to notice . she appear not to notice . GEORGE what be you look at ? jackie the lawn -- it look like it go on forever , do not it ? she turn back to George . GEORGE -- yeah . jackie -- look , you do not have to entertain I ... GEORGE ( a slight laugh ) be I entertaining you ? jackie we be friend . GEORGE -- sure . jackie -- well , if you feel like play , go play ... Jackie look past George into the live room . jackie ( cont 'd ) -- there 's a lot of player in there -- the twins come up behind George , and Jackie , grab George . the move should be a little startling almost as if it be a attack . twin one George ! twin two George ! they grab George and spin he around , temporarily push Jackie out of shot . GEORGE ( pleasantly ) hey , what 's happen . twin one we be go to the jacuzzi . twin two right now . twin one ( tug ) c'mon with we -- GEORGE in the jacuzzi ? twin two sure , why not ? twin one come on , George -- GEORGE no , later , maybe -- go ahead , I will catch up with you -- ( they head off ) I have get -- he turn back to Jackie to finish what he be go to say , and she 's not there . only a wisp of she cigarette smoke hang in the air , and then it disappear . George look surprised and disappointed . int . kitchen several tall stringy type be eat out of the refrigerator , with a couple of dog eagerly watch , other be eat hash cake off the formica counter . red dog sit in a corner , sip wine out of a measure cup . he smile and look up to Jackie , who have she arm on he shoulder . Strobe light from a adjacent room can be see periodically . red dog where the fuck you be , Jackie ? London ? jackie -- no . red dog Real good to see you , man . int . kitchen - jackie and red dog jackie so what 's be go on , Red Dog ? red dog hey , it 's the same old shit , be not it ? no matter where you go , it 's the same old shit . nothing ever change , nothing , man , nothing . ( with sudden intensity ) hey -- you ever be to cuuliacaan ? George , a little hastily move through the kitchen , spot Jackie . he 's nearly upend by a couple , tall man and woman at the refrigerator . they grab he and kiss he , and he shake through they move to Jackie . GEORGE -- where would you go ? jackie -- oh I think you be -- GEORGE -- what ? jackie nothing . red dog hey , man , what 's happen ? GEORGE nothing . red dog that 's right , man ! and he laugh . George silently take Jackie 's hand and they move through the kitchen and out of door toward the grounds in the rear of the house . ext . bistro parking lot - johnny pope the crowd have thin out to a trickle , but Pope 's red porsche be hemmed in by the fire truck and a couple of other car . Pope be vainly try to talk to firemen and policeman to move they truck and they keep refer he to someone else . jill and lester lester stand , sway a little unsteadily in the lot . the deputy secret service man see twice earlier , come on up to lester . deputy -- we can not find a thing , Mr. karpf . lester ( turn to he ) can not find what ? deputy no bomb . lester -- oh -- well that 's good , be not it ? deputy ( he 's serious ) it 's good if there 's no bomb . if there be a bomb and we can not find it , that 's not good . ext . bistro parking lot lester think this over . lester no of course not . pope ( come up to Jill ) -- we be go to be here all night . jill -- why ? pope -- this bastard have I hemmed in . lester ( to Jill ) -- what 's the problem , honey ? jill -- he car . they have it block . lester oh that 's no problem . ( to deputy ) -- take care of this boy 's problem , will you , gene ? deputy -- sure . Pope and deputy go off together . lester -- listen , I wonder if you kid could give I a ride ? I be kind of strand here . jill sure thing , Mr. karpf . c'mon . they walk toward Pope 's car . the truck be be drive off . lester everything okay , son ? pope terrific . now all I have to do be find my car key . he head back into the Bistro . lester and Jill stand outside the porsche . jill -- I will get in the back -- lester -- oh no , honey , I will do that ... jill -- there 's not much room -- lester that 's fine -- lester open the car door and pull back the seat . he have a hell of a time squirming into the back , but try to be lighthearted about it . Jill get into the front . int . porsche the door on the driver 's side be still open and lester 's foot be poke out it . his head be push on the canvas top . lester see , nothin ' to it . Jill turn and smile , but it 's a mistake since lester 's upper body be almost lean on she as it be . lester put he hand behind Jill 's head , force she to hold the position , almost nose to nose with lester . lester ( cont 'd ) what do you say you name be , sweetheart ? jill Jill . lester ( not move he head ) Jill . Jill can not really move she head back and lester be obviously captivate by Jill 's face . jill ( try to be casual ) -- yes , Jill . lester ( still hold she ) gee ... that 's wonderful , Jill . jill ( very uncomfortable ) thank you . lester ( fondle she head , move she closer ) -- just wonderful . pope be head back to he car . he stop when he see lester 's foot hang out the door . pope ( cont 'd ) ( another irritant ) oh , no shit . Pope get into the car . pope ( cont 'd ) hi , what be we do ? lester fall back and hit the isinglass rear window . Pope notice . jill oh , johnny , Mr. karpf need a ride home and I say we would take he . do you mind ? pope ( furious ) of course not . lester call I les. pope where to , Les ? lester oh , say , how would you kid like to stop off for a drink ? Jill and johnny Pope exchange glance . Jill shrug to say , gee I be sorry . Pope nod . pope well we would love to , but we be go to another party . lester well ... that 's wonderful -- I will stop by there for a drink . Pope be furious . he start the car , back it up quickly , jostling lester around as he go . lester chuckle . ext . freeform swimming pool - jackie and GEORGE - night lie side by side on deck chair at the end of the pool . the house and upper grounds be obscure by neat row of hedge and all sort of random shrubbery . Jackie and George watch the twin splash and flounce around in the jacuzzi with a couple of androgenous man . the twin stand up in the jacuzzi , arm in arm and half move , half throw themselves to another end of the jacuzzi . Jackie smile . she stretch , yawn . jackie ( lazily ) -- very nice , very nice . GEORGE ( yes ) -- mmm -- a pause . she glance at George scarcely move she head . jackie -- but you never be much of a tit man -- GEORGE mmmm -- jackie -- ass and leg -- GEORGE look who 's talk . jackie I ? GEORGE -- yes , you -- jackie well of course . who love a big fanny on a man ? GEORGE not I , pal . Jackie laugh . the twin have get onto some sort of splash contest with the boy . Water hit George and Jackie . they be hit again . they shrug , George rise , take Jackie 's hand . they walk on around the pool , beside and along a maze of hedgerow . ext . sammy' - through porsche window as the slow move car catch the roll lawn see earlier and the neat hedgerow which wind around the property . lester whose place be this ? int . sammy' foyer by the open staircase . Pope be greeting sammy . introduce Jill . sammy 's a tall , Jesus figure with a indian shirt that go to the knee on he levi' . sammy sure I know Jill . lester be stare in some wonder at the girl who be still sit on the staircase , nursing she baby . she look up , smile at lester , who manage a nod back , do not take he eye off the sight . pope ( notice ) -- the bar 's in there , Les . les ( embarrassed ) -- oh , fine . he stroll off toward the bar which be half visible through the open foyer . at the bar where Jill and George be earlier . lester 's order a drink . the huge black in the afro offer he a toke . lester stare at it dumbly . lester ( a little lamely , indicate drink ) ... I be ... he take he drink and half toast the black . he stop and he eye pan the room . lester be virtually the only person on he foot . everyone else be either on the floor or on deep sofa , side by side , head to foot , barely talk , barely move . in fact the most mobile thing in the room in smoke from the joint . int . live room - lester lester shake he head as if to clear it . he take a drink and almost on cue the acid rock music hit and the strobe light go on . lester be momentarily alarmed , as if it have something to do with he drink . he manage to stagger out of the strobe light effect , hang onto a railing in the next room . int . kitchen - jill , red dog and pope Jill stand over Red Dog who have not move a inch , he measure cup of wine still half fill . jill -- so what 's new , Red Dog ? red dog nothing , man . same old shit . it 's the same old shit wherever you go , nothing ever change . Pope look up , see lester just outside the kitchen door . pope Jill , scrave be a -- he point toward the kitchen door where lester look like he 's about to enter . Pope take Jill and they move out the back door in the direction of the rear grounds that Jackie and George have take earlier . lester peer into the kitchen . it 's fill mostly with unkempt beard . he decide against it , turn up a small staircase and continue up it until he find himself in a de . several people be seat on the floor , quietly smoking and watch television . they seem a shade better dress than that in the kitchen . lester squint at the set which be a little blurry and partially block , by someone sit directly in front of it . he kneel by a fortyish man in a bush jacket smoking a pipe . lester ( whisper ) -- how 's it go ? int . den man with pipe ( quietly ) -- just fine . lester ( squinting to see ) -- be that Illinois ? man with pipe ( take a good look at lester , then ) no , that 's Sally . lester look at the screen . Sally , handle by bare arm , be be place on a foam rubber cushion . she laugh . lester ( dumbly ) -- Sally ? man with pipe ( point with he pipe stem to a girl by lester 's ear , also watch the set ) -- Sally . lester look at Sally . she look at lester , nod . turn back to screen to watch herself . lester turn from Sally to see a television camera and the foam rubber mattress , now abandon . lester shake he head . outside on ground with jill and johnny pope they be walk through shrubbery and hedge that lead they to a pair of empty deck chair by the jacuzzi end of the pool . one of the twin be still in the jacuzzi . jill -- so when be you go to Egypt ? pope you mean when be you go to Egypt ? Jill laugh . she turn and shake she finger at Pope . jill now I do not mean that , you rat . pope two week from tomorrow . jill you be go ? pope you be go . Jill stop cold . she turn to Pope . jill you be kid . pope that Arabs will not be when they start chase you around the sand dune . jill ( laugh ) johnny ! ( she hug he ) why do not you tell I before ? pope -- just before I ask you out ? I can not do that . let 's get out of here before good old Les catch up with we again . there 's a flash of light from the poolhouse window . Jill turn toward it , then back to Pope , still make up she mind . angle shift slightly to hold on light from window . int . poolhouse - GEORGE and jackie George have pull a pair of coke out of the fridge . he 's look at Jackie , close the refrigerator lamely . it open again and he close it again . jackie what 's wrong ? GEORGE -- do you want ice ? Interior poolhouse light now by light from outside . jackie -- no . George pop the top of the can , hand one to Jackie . neither one of they drink . they be stare steadily at each other , they eye shine from reflection from the tennis court light which someone have turn on . GEORGE ( finally ) -- we be kid ourselves . jackie ( stare right back ) -- we be ? GEORGE -- last night I dreamt I be fifty year old and Mary tell I I be suppose to meet Jill at the shop . it sear I shitless . jackie why ? GEORGE I can not imagine be with Jill when she 's fifty year old . I can not imagine not be with you . George move to she . Jackie be wait for he . they kiss . it be long and linger and deliberate . George break away and go to the poolhouse door . there 's no lock , only a eye latch on the screen door . he latch it , test it . it give slightly . nevertheless he shut the door and head back to Jackie who stand wait . jackie -- but what about she ? I do not want to hurt Jill . George take the coke out of she hand . she let he . lester walk back in the foyer , hold a drink , sway . the strobe light be go again in the live room . suddenly he see a girl , at least half nude , she huge paint lavender tit flash at he through the strobe light . the vision disturb he greatly . he carefully step down into the room in a effort to get near she . she seem to move . he move after she through the light down the length of the room , go as quickly as prudence allow . finally when they reach the end of the live room she 's disappear . then he look out and see she poise at the top of the step a few yard away by the hedge path that lead down to the pool . he lunge toward the vision , and bounce off a slide glass door . jill and johnny pope have make it through the entrance and Pope 's porsche be in sight . Jill suddenly stop and look at Pope . pope what 's wrong ? jill we can not really leave that poor man here alone . pope -- he will never know the difference . Jill be clearly think about something else besides lester . jill -- still -- at least we should tell he we be go . c'mon . pope ( go along with it , protest ) I be tell you he will not know the difference . by the pool - lester now with a sizable bump on he head he move with the care that only tightrope walker and drunk can move : every step be a possible disaster . twin ( from jacuzzi ) hey . lester look down , see one of the twin . her arm be outstretch , she breast drip water visible through the shrubbery spotlight . she 's hold a joint . twin ( cont 'd ) -- it 's get soggy . lester take it . the guy with her -- just put it on the bench over there and come on in . lester -- in there ? the guy sure . lester take the joint and with fierce concentration make it over to the bench . he put the joint down . stare at it . he look up and there 's the other twin stand beside he , nude , with she breast visible through the towel loosely flung over she shoulder . twin ( meaning joint ) could I have that ? lester silently hand it to she . stare at the pool and the other twin be not there . he look back and the one who have take the joint be go . he look back to the pool and the other twin surface with the force of flipper , beside the guy in the pool . lester stare , then he sigh and pull off he pants , almost fall down as he do . carry they , he walk over to the edge of the jacuzzi . lester say -- the guy -- what be it now , man ? lester do you know where I can find a towel ? the guy -- the poolhouse . holding he trousers , he tux shirt hang half down over he boxer short , lester move on over to the poolhouse . he try the door . the latch creak . he pull at it again and the latch pop open . he start to open the door , then hear the unmistakable sound of a couple in the throes of intense love make . the girl be quite carry away . lester hesitates . he listen as she sigh , intersperse with fetching little sob begin to mount in intensity . he think better of it . he take he hand off the door knob and quietly close the screen door . he start to walk away , then notice the window on the side . he can not resist . he move to it . he can not see anything . he move closer . the dim , dark but classical outline of a man mount on a woman move with ease but increase intensity can be see . lester watch . the sound be not as loud from this angle , but gradually they can be heard as the woman 's cry grow louder . lester be glue to the window . jill voice -- there you be . les. Les -- Les -- Les , we be leave . the angle have broadened to show lester hold he pants , not take he face away from the window . Jill and johnny Pope stand beside he . lester shhh -- ( with genuine awe ) -- now that 's what I call fuck . Pope almost inadvertently try to look in the window . as he do , a light begin to flood the room . it be the refrigerator door slowly open , due in part to the rhythmic impact of the lover transmit through the sofa to a end table to another end table and to the refrigerator . it open until the light shine on the upper body and face of George and Jackie . lester who have be smile continue to smile until the enormity of the image hit he . his face freeze . it be harsh and determine . he turn slowly away from the window and walk past Jill without look at she . jill -- what -- she turn to the window and see George and Jackie herself . jill ( cont 'd ) ( watch ) oh my God . oh no , oh no . oh no . she turn and pick up a wringht iron end table and hurl it through the window , shatter the glass everywhere . jill ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) you son of a bitch ! you bastard ! with GEORGE and jackie George have leapt up . GEORGE honey ? where have you be ? we have be look everywhere for you . Jackie do not move , only stare wide - eye through the break window at the scream Jill . jackie ( softly ) oh god. a ashtray be hurl into the room , smash against the wall , and Jill can be see now storming off with Pope . George , with one leg in he pants , rush over to a far window , pull it open . GEORGE Jill ! Jill ! Jill , goddammit ! he 's get the pants on backwards . he turn back to Jackie who have already slip into she dress , be stuff pantyhose into a purse . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) -- Jesus -- jackie -- well you better go after she . he bend down , turn he pants around , and be hopping into they . GEORGE -- shit ... ( he grab he shirt ) ... wait here , honey -- he run out of the door , beside the pool , past the jacuzzi and into the maze of hedgerow . the twin stand motionless side by side in the water . twin one George ? ( to twin two ) who be that ? twin two Far out . George , search wildly through hedgerow , be call Jill . he can not find she . he find himself next to a ten foot ivy cover wall . he can not reach the top . he move along the wall ... arrive at a wringht iron gate . it 's lock . he peer through the gate call frantically : geroge Jill , honey ? inch from he face on the other side of the gate , the bare tooth of a huge german sheperd growl at he viciously . George choose to go up the hedgerow toward the live room of the house . he trip and fall . int . live room George run through the strobe- light party to the foyer . he 's bare - foote , but he pants be on . his frilly shirt be unbuttone . int . foyer - GEORGE breathe heavily , spot Red Dog . GEORGE hey , Red dog. you see Jill ? red dog she just go out the door , man . George charge out the door in time to see the red porsche 's taillight blink bright at the end of the driveway before it purr off into the night . George turn and run back into the house and through the strobe-lighting live room . at the poolhouse George heaving deep breath now run on into the poolhouse . the refrigerator door still hang open . window glass be scattered on the floor , and George step on it , cut he foot , hopping a little , pull out a shard . Jackie 's go . GEORGE Jackie ? he open the poolhouse bathroom door . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Jackie ? he run back out the door of the poolhouse . ext . poolhouse GEORGE Jackie ? twin one she go up to the house , George . twin two you be a trip and a half , man . int . the house George run through the live room again and the strobe light . again he reach the foyer . Red Dog be still there . George be heaving deeply now . GEORGE hey ... you see ... Jackie ... red dog ( point ) -- out the door , man . GEORGE charge out the door , this time see Jackie 's 230sl pull away , tire screeching . GEORGE ( shouting ) Jackie ! he look down defeat . his foot be bleed on the pavement . ext . high road - night George on he motorbike , cover by a few bar of buffalo Springfield 's ' for what it 's Worth , ' have throw on a peacoat but keep on he velvet trousers . he 's riding up what should now be a familiar road to Jill 's . the light from the city below flash in and out of view . jill garage - GEORGE pull in . her slot in the three car garage be empty , only the oil slick stare at he . there 's the SOUND of a car come down the road . he look up expectantly . as it come by the morning newspaper be toss at he foot . George turn and fish in the hang planter by the door . he pull out a key , blow the dirt off it and go inside . int . jill be - GEORGE - night GEORGE ( sway in ) Jill ... Jill ... Jill . he look in bedroom , then move back to the phone and dial . it ring three time . operator' voice Jackie shawn . GEORGE -- yeah , this be -- operator' voice -- yes , George . GEORGE I guess you have not hear from she yet . operator' voice not yet . GEORGE okay ... thanks ... he hang up . stare around the room . Jill 's apartment be , as usual , good-little - girl tidy . ( a contrast with Jackie 's particularly kitchen . ) George walk over to the window and look 's at the city . he walk out onto the deck and sit in a deck chair . dissolve to : gray screen there be the SOUND of a car idling . George open he eye . above he be the carport and Jill 's yellow mustang have just pull in . George rise . he walk into the live room as Jill come down the step to the kitchen , carry the paper . the kitchen clock read 4:44 . George glance at it . then back at Jill . she look at he , frighten but not move . her hair be stringy and she 's get no makeup on . there 's a bruise on the inside of she upper arm and a small one on she neck , and one on she leave thigh all of which George will note in the course of the scene . George look she up and down . jill I do not want to fight , George . GEORGE I do not want to fight either . look ... uh -- I love you . jill bullshit . GEORGE ( move to she , take she arm ) I do , Jill . at this point he note the arm bruise . Jill stare back at he unflinch . George smile . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) how come you take you own car ? jill ( get a cigarette ) I do not want he meeting I here . GEORGE well that 's something . jill what be . GEORGE you do not plan on fuck he tonight . Jill do not answer . she walk into the bedroom , kick off she shoe , start to take off she dress , then change she mind and put on a robe over it . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you do fuck he , do not you ? jill I be very tired , George . Jill go into the live room . George grab she arm again . GEORGE do not you , baby ? jill let go of I . George do not . jill ( cont 'd ) let go of I or I will scream , I will call the police . GEORGE oh , Christ . he let go of she . the phone ring . Jill answer it . her tone alter appreciably . jill oh , hi ... listen , can I call you back ?... yes ... no , everything 's fine , really ... bye . she hang up . GEORGE that be he . jill yes . GEORGE you tell he I be here and he want to know if I be beat you up . Jill smile thinly . jill yes . GEORGE well , do you get a job out of it at least ? jill I would like you to leave now . George do not move . Jill go over and fish into a tote bag by the wall . she return with Felicia 's miss earring . jill ( cont 'd ) -- and take this with you . GEORGE where do this come from ? jill who know , I be sure you do not -- but if it will help any , I find it in you bed . George nod . Jill 's anger be grow and she hurt be beginning to surface now . tear start welling in she eye . jill ( cont 'd ) ( unsteadily ) so who else be there besides Jackie ? huh ?... huh ? GEORGE baby , do not do this . I do love you . jill obviously there be other , be not there ? George stare at Jill . then : GEORGE obviously . jill how many ? GEORGE what do you wanna know for ? jill I just want to know , that 's all . GEORGE what difference do it make ? jill I just want to know while we be see each other ... I just do not want girl look at I and know and I not know ... Jill be cry a little now and look very vulnerable . George move to she and try to put he arm around she . GEORGE baby , please do not ... I love you . jill ( break away ) I do not want to be a fool !... I want to look they in the eye and say , I know ! GEORGE ( she 's back up , he 's try to touch she ) baby , do not do this -- jill ( fight for control ) -- it will help I if you will tell I . GEORGE -- please , baby -- jill -- no , it will help I , really -- GEORGE how ? jill I will know you have lie to I ... all along . I will know you be incapable of ... love ... that will help I ... not now , but eventually . it 's be rise in he the last few exchange . now all George 's restraint seem to leave he . he stop try to touch she and stand he ground , explode : GEORGE you dumb cunt , everybody fuck everybody , grow up , for Christ 's sake . you be a antique , you know that ? look around you -- all of them , all this chick they be all fuck , they be get they hair do so they can go and fuck , that 's what it 's all about . come into the shop tomorrow and I will show you -- I fuck she , and she , and she , and she , and she -- I fuck them all !... that 's what I do , I fuck . that 's why I go to beauty school , to fuck . I can not help that , they be there and I do they hair and sometimes I fuck them . I stick it in and I pull it out and that 's a fuck , it 's not a crime . George lean on a glass top coffee table for support , not even bother to look at Jill . Jill have be pull together a little more by the speech . jill ... well I be glad you tell I . GEORGE ( he eye close ) Jesus . his tone have indicate disbelief and disgust . jill I be ... I mean , you know , that 's ... she can not finish it . GEORGE what ? what ? what ? what ? what ? jill ... honest . at least you be honest with I . GEORGE do it make you happy ? Jill do not answer . jill I wish you would go now . GEORGE that 's all you have get to say ? jill -- yes . GEORGE -- tell I something -- do you talk about I ? jill George ... GEORGE do you ? jill please !... that 's not like you . GEORGE yeah , I know . do you ? jill George , now cut this out . GEORGE do you ? jill stop it . GEORGE do you ? jill yes , yes , I do . GEORGE what do you say ? jill George , if you keep this up I be go to scream . GEORGE what do you say ? jill George ... GEORGE what do you say ? jill I say you be a loser ! she start to cry again . George smile . GEORGE no , I be not a loser , baby , I just sort of break even . George turn and walk up the stair and out the door . ext . george' house George shuffles up the step to he front porch and into the live room . int . george' live room George find himself face lester and two other men who look like hood . lester sit in the chair George sit in the other night . before he be a bottle of J & B , a paper bucket fill with melting ice . the other man rise when George walk into the room . lester , glass in hand , stare silently at George . lester ( to the other two ) wait outside , would you ? the two Men walk toward George and pass he on either side , come very close . both of they be much bigger than George . they stare through George as they pass he . George continue to stand there . lester , drink , continue to stare . lester glance idly around the live room . then back to George . lester ( cont 'd ) you live like a pig . GEORGE yeah . ( lester do not answer ) how long have you be here ? lester ( look it ) all night . GEORGE well ... who be that guy ? lester what do they look like ?... GEORGE look , lester ... be you unhappy with I about something ? lester yeah , I be unhappy with you about something . GEORGE well , what ? lester godammit , George ... GEORGE now wait a minute ... lester sit down . GEORGE but ... lester I say sit down ! one of the man open the door and peer through the screen . man everything all right ? lester I will call you , it 's okay . George site down . lester have rise to he foot , a little unsteadily . lester ( cont 'd ) now , George , I want to hear it from you . either you admit it , man to man , to my face or I will have he pound it out of you , and he do a hell of a job , believe I . George nod . GEORGE I believe you ... lester wait , stand over George . lester I wanna hear about it . GEORGE oh Jesus Christ . lester slap he . lester I wanna hear about it , George . GEORGE hey , have them put I away , or whatever you be gonna do , okay ?... I be too tired to lie , I be too tired to tell the truth ... I be too tired for anything . lester I wanna hear about it . GEORGE what can I say ! lester I wanna know you think , I wanna know how someone like you think . do you think you could get away with it , do you think you could put something over on I ? do a guy like you get he kick sneaking around behind people 's back and take advantage of they ? maybe that 's you idea of be anti establishment ! GEORGE I be not anti-establishment . lester that 's get nothing to do with it ... you be so beyond my comprehension I can not even discuss it with you . GEORGE then do not ... just have them beat I up or whatever you be gonna do . lester no , not yet , not yet . you worry about it for a while , I have be worry all night , now you can worry . a pause . lester freshen he drink . lester ( cont 'd ) be it I , do you have something against I ? GEORGE what , do you think I plan it ? lester do they have something against I ? GEORGE do not they tell you ? lester I wanna hear it from you ! GEORGE ( agonize ) ... how be I gonna tell you what they have against you ? I mean Jesus fuck Christ , they be woman , be not they ? have you ever listen to woman talk , man ? have you ? well I do , I do ' till it 's fuck come out of my ear . I be on my foot all day , every fuck day , listen to woman talk and you know what they talk about , do not you ? be fuck up by some guy . that 's all that 's on they mind . I be sure you have do something they could get piss off about , what 's that get to do with it ? all woman be piss off , man , all of them . they fuck hate we ! do not you know that ? lester have listen to this with some alteration of he intensity . lester ... yes , I follow you think on that . GEORGE we be always try to fuck they ... they know it and they like it and they do not like it ... that 's just how it be ... look , it 's get nothing to do with you , man . it just happen . Felicia 's get nothing to do but shop and get she hair do and she know she 's get older ... she daughter hate she , what 's she go to do , go to pta meeting ? lester do you think lorna hate she ? I do not think she hate she . I mean she may resent she a little ... GEORGE oh , be you kid , man ? she hate she . lester why , why do you think that be ? GEORGE oh , fuck , lester , how should I know ? lester well , I do not know . a pause . lester go to pour himself another drink . lester ( cont 'd ) ( to George ) want a drink ? GEORGE no thanks . lester have a drink . GEORGE okay , thanks . lester get up and go to the kitchen . lester you do not have a clean glass in the house . GEORGE I know . lester ( talk to himself ) I will have to wash one out . he turn on the faucet in the kitchen . he bring the glass . lester ( cont 'd ) Jesus , what a way to live . I never live like this , not even when I be you age , not even when I never have a dime . George take the drink . lester just shake he head . lester ( cont 'd ) Hell of a way to treat a business partner , that 's all I can say . GEORGE who ? lester I ! GEORGE hey , you be never go to give I the money . lester ( after a moment ) I be gonna give you the money . probably I be . shit , I do not know , I do not know anything anymore . lester sit and stare into he drink . lester ( cont 'd ) I tell you , you never know ... you just never know ... one minute you be here and the next ... I mean a man at my age , how long have I get -- ten year ? five year ? I wish I know ... what I be live for . George look at he . lester ( cont 'd ) ... you can lose it all ; you can lose it all no matter who you be ... I do not know , what 's the point of have it all . look at I . I do not have a goddam thing ... the market 's terrible right now , go down ten point last week , goddam lyndon Johnson ! GEORGE oh yeah ... lester yeah , , it go up a little and then it go down , maybe Nixon will do something . what 's the difference , they be all a bunch of jerk . I would not let them run my business , I can tell you that much . not if I have any choice in the matter . ( after a moment ) I do not know what to do with you . I do not know , I do not know what 's right or wrong anymore . GEORGE I do not either , lester , I swear to you I do not . lester ( suddenly ) what about Jackie ? GEORGE what about she ? lester I mean , how do that happen ? GEORGE lester , it just happen . lester she 's nothing but a whore . GEORGE no -- lester just a whore , I go over there , have a few drink and get my gun off . I be through with she , she 's nothing but a whore . GEORGE no , man , no . you can say everybody 's a whore . she 's okay . I mean Jackie will fuck around but not that much . somewhere she really like you , lester , and it 's not just the bread . she 's okay . lester sit and think about that . lester you really think so ? GEORGE yes I do . lester I be finish with she . lester go to the door . he turn as if he would just think of something . lester ( cont 'd ) oh , by the way , I think you oughta know -- lorna think she 's get the clap . GEORGE what ? lester yeah , the clap . that 's what she think . but who know -- I do not know . George nod . lester shake he head . lester ( cont 'd ) I do not know anything anymore . he open the door and go out . the two hood be stand there . they look to lester . lester ( cont 'd ) ( to hood ) go easy on he , he 's a nice boy . George look shocked . lester laugh , give George a playful punch . lester ( cont 'd ) just have a little fun , George ... ( to hood ) go on home . ( to George ) I will call you later about the shop . I be beat . God , I be beat . with that , lester 's off . ext . shop - GEORGE - day pull up . he go into the shop . int . shop - norman and devra norman be by the front desk . norman you be late , George . GEORGE devra , try Jackie shawn will you ? and if you do not reach she , keep try . devra ( on desk ) Mrs. shumann and Mrs. Young be wait . Mrs. Young be kind of p.o.'d . George nod . GEORGE where 's Mary ? devra she have not show up yet . GEORGE ( grumble something under he breath , then : ) norman ! ( to devra ) devra , I ask you to call Jackie . call she . devra ( perturb ) all right . norman from upstairs shout down . norman what ! GEORGE somebody 's go to have to wash Mrs. Young . Mary 's not here . norman you do it . GEORGE ( he 's have about enough ) look , norman , I be not the shampoo girl . norman you be today . George start to say something but he 's tired . he go to he corner , slam he jacket down . mrs . shumann temper , temper , George . George fiddle around with the shampoos and rinse , knock over one where the top be not on , and the shampoo spill all over the table top and start to drip on the floor . GEORGE oh , Jesus , that fuck goddam Mary - he start to look for a rag and see that Mary , wear a cloth coat be come into the shop . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Mary ! get over here ! Mary move very slowly , George wait , hand on hip . it should almost be a little faggy , he petulance as if , inevitably some of the shop must rub off on he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Mary , where be you yesterday ? huh ? Mary do not answer . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you run out on I and you leave it like a goddamn pig pen . Mary 's sway . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , Mary , be you drunk ? look , I have have a rough night , one of the roughest I have ever have , now I be not in the mood for any sulk bullshit , what 's wrong ? be you sick ? be you drunk ? can you work ? mary otis be dead . GEORGE -- otis ? she point to he picture on the wall . mary my son otis . he be kill in Vietnam . they do phone I at the shop yesterday . it 's suddenly very quiet . the SOUND of the shampoo dripping on the floor can be heard . GEORGE and mary GEORGE oh , Mary . Mary start to cry and like a little child bury she head on George 's shoulder . mary -- you should not talk to I like that no matter what , George ... you know better ... GEORGE -- oh -- sweetheart ... mary -- you should not do I like that ... GEORGE ( hugging she ) -- please , please forgive I ... mary ( cry ) -- you know better ... GEORGE ( after a moment ) -- why do you come in today ? mary -- leave my bag , do not have no money ... GEORGE -- how do you get here ? mary -- take a bus . GEORGE -- c'mon , I will get you home ... ext . STREET - GEORGE - day on he cycle drive up bowmont into Jackie 's driveway . her car be there . George jump off he bike , fairly race to the door . it 's open and he barge in . he 's meet by Jackie 's yorky who bark furiously , jump up and down , nip he pantleg for attention . jackie' voice -- just a minute , you be early -- Jackie come walk out . she 's carry a large cooking spoon and wear a apron over a travel outfit , a pantsuit . she 's wear more makeup than usual . she stop when she see George . GEORGE -- good afternoon -- jackie -- you have get to leave . George be not prepare for this . GEORGE I have get to leave ? jackie -- yes , honey , you have get to get out of here . GEORGE why ? jackie lester 's on he way . George stare at she then walk past she into the live room . bag be pack , a coat throw over they . the wire kennel carry cage for the yorky be beside the bag . George look into the kitchen where Jackie 's be cooking some pasta . GEORGE where be you go ? jackie please , we will have to talk later -- GEORGE look about last night -- jackie ( exasperate but not unkind ) forget about last night , it 's okay , we will talk when I get back -- GEORGE it 's not okay , I mean we have get to talk now . where be you go ? jackie look -- either you leave or I leave because I do not want the two of we here when lester arrive . I just do not -- the level of she nervousness have just rise about fifty decibel . there 's the SOUND of a car outside . jackie ( cont 'd ) my God that 's he -- George look out the window . GEORGE -- it 's malone 's . jackie that 's it , then I be leave . with that she toss the spoon onto a end table and rush out the door . George start after she . the dry cleaner come to the door , stop George . cleaner cleaner . George have to fumble with Jackie 's clean and keep the dog contain . he do , toss the clean down and race outside to he bike . on the STREET he see Jackie 's car round the corner , go up the hill , wind around the curve . George gun he bike and take off after she . around winding curve - GEORGE almost sideswipe a car park on a hairpin turn . Jackie 's on the curve above he . at the next curve - GEORGE catch up with she , pull even to she . GEORGE pull over , pull over ! he threaten to run she into the curb . she stop the car sharply and jump out . at the top of the drive they have reach a cul de sac where there 's a parched ' view lot ' not build on . yellow October weed cover it and there 's a huge television antenna in its center which sway slightly in a afternoon wind . Jackie have run onto the lot , then slow to a walk . she grab one of the rusty stay of the sway antennas , stare down below she . her house can be see from this angle , the malone 's truck just pull away . George come up to she . jackie ( look below she ) you be go to kill I . GEORGE no -- jackie ( turn to he , implore ) well then what be you try to do - GEORGE I want to marry you . I want to take care of you and I want you child , and I want you to be my girl . that 's all I want . that 's all I want out of my life , and it 's a lot . she stare at he in disbelief . she actually clutches she stomach . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) look , I do not know if I will ever make it . I mean I be a fuckup , but I will take care of you , I will make you happy , I swear to God I will . Jackie do not answer . she slowly sink to the ground . George sink beside she . her eye be wet . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Jackie ... Jackie ?... answer I , for God 's sake , answer I . jackie if you know how many time I want to hear you say that ... GEORGE so I be say it ... jackie it 's too late ... GEORGE what 's too late about it ? look , we be not dead , be we ? that 's the only thing that 's too late . jackie lester 's leave Felicia . he 's take I to acapulco on the five o'clock flight . he 's ask I to marry he . GEORGE so what ? you do not love he , do you ? answer I . jackie what 's that suppose to mean ? GEORGE I do not know ... Jackie ? jackie what ? George now be very near tear himself . what he say now he have to force out of himself , as if it 's the biggest secret he hold . GEORGE I do not trust ... anyone ... but you ... George let he head fall on she shoulder . she 's kneel , support by the television aerial , and George cry quietly on she shoulder . she have she arm around he . jackie oh my baby ... as she 's hold George , and look down the hill , lester 's silver roll pull up . lester get out of the car , go to the front door . jackie ( cont 'd ) God , there 's lester ... GEORGE do not go , Jackie ... jackie I can not just let he stand by the door ... GEORGE do not leave I ... jackie I have get to ... I have get to tell he where I be . GEORGE what for ? jackie I do not know -- I have get to . she get up and hurry over to she car , start it and go back down the hill . George sit under the television aerial and watch she car go down the hill , periodically flash into view . finally she pull up while lester be pace back and forth . she hurry to he . he tax she by the shoulder . they talk for a moment . the discussion look like Jackie be give lester direction . she glance uneasily up toward George . George be watch they . he see that lester and Jackie have they back to he , he arm around she shoulder , hers around he waist . they be go through the front door . the end