shame written by Steve mcqueen &amp ; abi Morgan int . bedroom . apartment . dawn . brandon sullivan [ early 30' ] lie stare up catch in a disarray of sheet until - the peep peep peep of a alarm clock , from deep within a distant apartment . the muffled pad of footstep crossing overhead - brandon listen then get up , pull blind and head out towards the bathroom - the SOUND of he foot disappear down a distant corridor . the murmur of a answer phone as we hear brandon pee , in a far off bathroom . 2 int . platform . subway . dawn . 2 brandon stand , look down , watch until - a sudden breeze , the subway train oncoming - brandon board . the door glide shut - brandon just visible through the window of the train , walk towards a distant seat . 3 int . train . subway . morning . 3 brandon sit , eye casually trace over the face in the crowded train . a homeless man sit , further along the car , haggard and grey , and sleep , the seat empty , either side of he . he look more like a pile of clothes . brandon turn back . the reflection of a pretty subway girl catch in the glass opposite . 4 int . corridor . apartment . dawn . 4 brandon pad naked along a corridor . he flick on a answer machine in pass - female caller on answer machine hey ... it 's I ?... pick up .. pick up ... he enter the bathroom . 2 . 5 int . corridor . apartment . dawn . 5 we hear brandon pee in the bathroom . 6 int . corridor . apartment . dawn . 6 the answer machine message drown by the flush of the toilet , the shutting of the door and the shower be switch on . 7 int . subway . morning . 7 a homeless man head lolling , sit alone at the end of a busy car . brandon consider , catch the eye of - a pretty subway girl seat opposite , the whisper of a smile , graze she lip . brandon 's eye teasing over - the fall of the pretty subway girl 's hair - the dip in she collarbone - her nail polish with french manicure - brandon look at she . she look away . brandon resume stare . she look back through the body of commuter . we see they eye look at each other . they seduction continue through the collage of color and body . 8 int . office - boardroom . day . 8 brandon , sit in a pack meeting room , a pitch just audible , david fisher , [ early / late 40' ] brandon 's boss , a kind of white noise , and yet - david ( o.s. ) I find you disgusting .. I find you inconsolable .. I find you invasive .. the it technician just visible wheeling a cart away , with brandon 's computer . david ( cont 'd ) that be what the cynic use to say .. company would refuse to look to the future .. they would say ` can we stop this virus " ? the scratch of a pencil against paper - 3. brandon sit distract , face colleague # 1 . marianne [ mid / late 20' ] seat further along the table , steal a look at brandon . a glass door open - the pretty assistant bring in coffee , slide down a cup in front of brandon . david ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) as if it be a negative progression , a descent into hell , move with stealth amongst that you need to affect , grow more and more with a momentum that be unstoppable . brandon look across the hall , distract by the it technician who be replace the computer in he office . david ( cont 'd ) now , some inane kid snort the entire load of he mother 's spice cupboard and post that on you tube . they would watch as it would become the buzzword amongst high school kid everywhere . eventually .. they cynicism would turn to awe . 9 int . front door . apartment . night . 9 brandon to the front door and open it to reveal a attractive woman ( alexa ) brandon hi. alexa hi. brandon come in . brandon step aside to let the attractive woman in . she walk into the apartment as he close the door . brandon ( cont 'd ) drink ? alexa no thank you . 4. brandon pick up money from the table and give it to alexa . she count it and nod to brandon . alexa ( cont 'd ) perfect . alexa put the money in she bag . brandon this Way . brandon gesture to he room . alexa turn and walk away . brandon follow . 10 int . bedroom . apartment . night . 10 a tidy bedroom - brandon lie on the bed watch , wait . alexa start to take she top off . brandon slowly . alexa continue slowly , toss it aside , and continue take off she bra and panty . finally put she earring on the bedside table . brandon reach up to pull she onto the bed . 11 int . apartment . morning . 11 the SOUND of brandon get up - the SOUND of blind be raise - close up of a discard earring on the carpet . brandon pad naked along a corridor . the sharp tone of the answer machine flicked on in pass - audible from the corridor - female caller on answer machine hey , it 's I .. we hear brandon turn on the shower . female caller on answer machine ( cont 'd ) pick up.. pick up ... brandon walk towards the kitchen and we hear he pour a glass of water . 5 . female caller on answer machine ( cont 'd ) brandon ? brandon cross the hall and enter the toilet . female caller on answer machine ( cont 'd ) brandon ? brandon turn on the light , put down he glass and urinate . female caller on answer machine ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) brandon where be you ? - brandon ? brandon ? ( louder ) brandon ... urghhh ! brandon finish , flush toilet , step off screen female caller on answer machine ( cont 'd ) this be I Calling you .. ( sigh ) fuck ! dead tone the caller hang up brandon re-appear and close the bathroom door 12 int . bathroom . apartment . dawn . 12 brandon in the shower , a sense of movement , he hand , barely visible , move back and forth . the fall of the shower - brandon stand , let the water wash over he . 13 int . subway . dawn . 13 brandon sit , look over at the pretty subway girl sit opposite - the train move on , after a while stop at another platform . people get on , people get off . brandon 's eye travel down over the pretty subway girl 's leg and up - she open they a little , the dip of she skirt , sink deep between she thigh - 6. she look up , sense brandon watch . she let she finger fall in she lap . brandon shift a little in he seat to get a better look through the crowd . suddenly she stand and make she way to the train door . Hand reach out and clenching a metal pole for stability , revealing a wedding ring . brandon 's hand reach for the pole too , touch she as he stand behind she . there be a gentle unison contact . brandon 's breath , heavy on she neck . both be freeze to the spot , catch in a mutual moment . 14 int . subway . morning . 14 the train door bolt open and the pretty subway girl disembark . brandon be block by a male passenger as he get out in quick pursuit of the pretty subway girl . brandon be several pace behind now , pursue . she turn leave into a stairwell . it 's almost like fight a downward river . people be walk into he path as he struggle to keep pace with the pretty subway girl . the tail of she coat vanish at the top of the stair . a moment later , brandon reach the summit , to be greet by a wrought- iron gate . he look leave at one staircase . people ascend . he look right at another staircase . other passenger ascend . people come in and out of the turnstile on the right - hand side . he have lose she . a sudden moment of disappointment cross he face . he descend the staircase , deject . 15 int . office . day . 15 brandon walk into he office and to he desk , stop in he track , heart thumping - a bare space where brandon 's computer once be and next to it a replacement computer . a pink fluffy gonk or the like stick to the screen . 16 int . cubicle . men' toilet . office . day . 16 brandon walk into a toilet cubicle , shut and lock the door . he clean the seat with toilet paper , flush , stand , and start to masturbate . 7. 17 int . office - david' office . day . 17 a tap on the door - brandon enter david 's office , david be lose in paperwork , look up from he desk . brandon do you know what 's go on with my computer ? david they take it . brandon yeah , I know . someone could have tell I . david some kind of virus . brandon cool . brandon ( cont 'd ) I walk in and it 's not there ? and I get some kind of replacement ? david some kind of virus . they be stripping it all out . brandon nod , swig a Red bull in he hand - brandon cool . brandon exit . 18 ext . STREET . brandon' apartment build . 18 brandon be walk with shopping bag . he slow by the revolve door , spot a mother with buggy about to come out of the other door and hurry over to open the door for she . woman come out nodd she thanks . 19 int . apartment . night . 19 brandon look through he vast record collection and carefully put a disk on the record player . 8. 20 int . kitchen . apartment . night . 20 the chink of beer bottle , bang up against one another as brandon open the fridge door - brandon peer in , consider the leave over take out rest on the shelf . he take it out , flipping open a bottle of beer in a familiar move and bang the door shut with he back . a flyer for a fancy take out flap under a magnet on the fridge door . 21 int . live room . apartment . night . 21 a comfortable apartment - brandon spoon chinese take out into he mouth , slide down in front a laptop rest on he desk . Music continue to surround the apartment . the bright serenade of he laptop open , brandon resume , finger absently tapping the keyboard - a distant whir of a car alarm , far off . 22 int . live room . apartment . night . 22 brandon , in the dark , watch pornography on he laptop - brandon 's cell phone ring . he ignore it . and then steady monotonous ring of a telephone close by , brandon barely waver as it click onto answer machine - the heavy dead tone of the answer machine as the caller 's message kick in - female caller on answer machine ok ...... me..again ... I be die .. I have cancer ... I have one week to live .. brandon smile - female caller on answer machine ( cont 'd ) it 's the very worse kind of cancer . of the vulva - brandon switch off the answer machine . sigh , and return to he laptop . brandon ( snigger ) 9. woman ( o.s. ) ( through computer ) ( moan ) 23 ext . STREET . outside apartment . day . 23 a beautiful day - brandon 's face now fresh , pass - a cute neighbor head into the building , lose in conversation on she cellphone - cute neighbor ( in greeting ) hey . brandon ( nod ) hey . brandon juggling cellphone , key and satchel , head off to work , watch the sway of she ass . 24 int . office - brandon' office . day . 24 marianne be on the phone in a busy office 25 int . HOTEL room . brandon' fantasy . 25 profile of marianne 's bare back . 26 int . office - brandon' office . day . 26 brandon , seemingly in a trance , look out across the office , eye fix on marianne in she glass cubicle , unaware of brandon stare . steven 's reflection in the window , we see he screw up a piece of paper and throw it at brandon . brandon shake he head . brandon you be such a dick steven ( o.s. ) what be you do , man ? brandon once again look up toward marianne . 10 . 27 int . office . day . 27 marianne on the phone . david now appear in front of brandon . from afar , nod to he , and greet a group of client . david ( whistle ) alright , gentleman , if you will just please make yourselves at home . client thank you . 28 int . office - conference room . day . 28 just visible , in the conference room - brandon inside with the client and david . a sense of camaraderie . the meeting at a end . david , slapping brandon on the back , the sense of celebration . david ( o.s. ) it fall upon I , as you beloved boss , to propose a toast . to success . 29 int . after work bar . night . 29 the thump of music - brandon , david and other wedge in a leather booth , several shot and beer down , the table litter with beer . cheer . male camaraderie . david I hope my wife appreciate it . all chink glass david ( cont 'd ) get a new tie , please . colleague ( snigger ) david oh my goodness . ( sniff ) I love woman in suit . I love woman in suit . all look off - screen at the woman . 11 . david ( cont 'd ) we could talk business , I would rearrange my life .. wow , she 's beautiful . brandon grey suit ? david I be gonna go talk to she . brandon you should go talk to she . david ok ...ok .. Count I down ... brandon yeah you should brandon fist bump with david brandon ( cont 'd ) 5,4,3,2,1 . david boom . steven have fun . brandon twenty buck say he fuck it up . brandon start to stand . 30 int . after work bar . night . 30 elizabeth ash be amazing loren how 's it humping a old man ? elizabeth well , usually I do he on scotch . david walk up to the bar behind the woman . rachel incoming david hi , excuse I . 12 . ( to elizabeth ) listen , I do not want to beat around the bush . I think you be absolutely gorgeous . elizabeth ( over ) hi. david my name 's David . elizabeth hi David . david shake hand with elizabeth elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth david Elizabeth elizabeth ( over ) Nice to meet you david it 's a beautiful name . ( to loren ) hi , I be David . I do not mean to be rude . david shake hand with loren and rachel loren loren . david hi , how be you ? ( to rachel ) David . rachel Rachel . david Nice to meet you , nice to meet you . ( to elizabeth ) listen , can I buy you a drink ? ( to all ) can I buy you all drink ? elizabeth sure , why not . david I would love that . that would be my pleasure . what be you guy drink ? what do you want ? elizabeth well , we be think shot . 13 . david you be think shot ? elizabeth sure . david we just do shot of tequila . would you guy like a shot of tequila ? elizabeth bring it on . david Love it . Love it . david ( to bar tender ) ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , hey , bartender . bartender ? can we get four shot of you finest tequila ? thank you very much . elizabeth hmm . elizabeth sip she drink . david I can see you be very successful . yeah , I think part of the secret to my success be , be attention to detail and .. loren oh. elizabeth detail ? david yeah . loren play the game . elizabeth close she eye david what game ? elizabeth turn to david elizabeth ok , er.. Blue or green ? the suite woman close she eye , the flutter of she lash oddly fragile , in wait until - 14 . david I like game , I like this game . Blue .. ( sudden change of tac ) Green . Green , it 's green . they spring open to reveal brown eye - david hesitates , throw he arm up , resign . david ( cont 'd ) that 's Brown . that 's .. I do not know how you change the colour of you eye like that . how do you do that so quickly ? elizabeth ( over ) wow . wow . david that 's amazing . that 's a real talent . elizabeth yeah , detail man . detail man . brandon slide down next to david , back from the washroom . david hey buddy , hey buddy . hey . david put a arm around brandon . david ( cont 'd ) this guy , right here , fuck nail it today . ( to brandon ) I want you to know , you fuck nail it . you be the man . you pitch ? ( to elizabeth ) amazing . amazing . ( to brandon ) listen , we be play a game here . ( to elizabeth ) Close you eye again . elizabeth ok elizabeth close she eye . david Blue or green ? brandon Brown .. the suite woman flick open she eye , smile . 15 . david fuck off. ( to loren ) alright you . hey , loren . loren . Close you eye . david turn to brandon brandon Blue . loren Blue . david that 's ... you be just make that up . elizabeth ( over ) see . he 's good . david he 's just .. he 's just pick color randomly . elizabeth you can have he shot . elizabeth pass brandon a shot . david you know what ? Excuse I . we need another shot , please . loren ( laugh ) david ( laugh ) elizabeth ( to bar tender ) you can put this on I . david no , no , no . I tell you that ... I have it . elizabeth ( over ) ( to bar tender ) thank you . elizabeth ( to david ) ( cont 'd ) no , I have it . david Ill get the next round . elizabeth sure . 16 . david you be a strong , independent woman . I like that , I like that . elizabeth ( over ) thank you . cheer elizabeth raise she glass . david listen , cheer . the other all raise they glass all cheer elizabeth to nail it , and - david ( over ) to nail it . brandon ( under ) to nail it . elizabeth success . yes. cheer . all down they shot david ( react to the strong drink ) oh , fuck . brandon ( chuckle ) elizabeth ( react to the strong drink ) whoah . brandon so what do you girl do for fun ? elizabeth fun ? er , karate . david mimic karate move david ( mimics ninja sound ) david ( cont 'd ) you hear this song . I love this song , I write this song ... david hold out he hand to elizabeth 17 . david ( cont 'd ) and I would love it if you would dance with I to this son that I write for you . elizabeth erm .. david take elizabeth 's hand . david come on . david tug she arm playfully david ( cont 'd ) come on , come on , come on . let 's go on the dance floor . one song . elizabeth oh .. david yeah . come on . you be a fun girl . it will be fun . come on . david pull elizabeth onto the dance floor . david ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I will bring she back . swear to God . elizabeth ( under ) Fine . brandon turn to watch they on the dance floor . david ( o.s. ) come one , come on , it 's fun . it 's fun . 31 int . after work bar - dancefloor . night . 31 the pulsing thump of music , the latest cut edge sound - david pull elizabeth into dance , at first playful and funny . david be insistent , pull she closer , draw she into a frenzied awkward dance . brandon look on , the suite woman 's eye graze he , linger on brandon as david stumble . david there you go . mwah ! you be beautiful . alright , alright , spin , spin , spin . wooh ! 18 . brandon watch the duo dance loren I be grab she purse ico she 's gonna get rob and roofied . brandon ( laugh ) rachel and loren walk off to the dance floor loren dance ? brandon no . loren be you sure ? brandon I be sure . loren ( o.s. ) ok . elizabeth and david be amongst the dancer on the floor . david be perform enthusiastically . elizabeth , slow , glance at brandon . we see brandon through the dancer , watch . 32 ext . after work bar . night . 32 david struggle to push he arm through the twisted sleeve of he jacket , pursue elizabeth and she friend up the street . david ok , ok , ok , ok , ok , ok . hold on , hold on . no , listen . I just get to talk to you one more time , one more time . listen .. brandon come out of the club , do up he coat . look away at david harangue the trio . david ( cont 'd ) you eye , they be beautiful . you know why I do not get it right the first time ? because it 's , it 's like a collage . let I see you hand , let I see you hand .. david smile , gently coax she in the opposite direction - brandon hail a cab . david continue harangue elizabeth 19 . david ( cont 'd ) look at that eye , look at that eye . I know the color of you eye . brandon ( over ) David , come on . david come on , we can play that game . that 's so much fun when you play that game . loren bye . a cab pull up . david it 's okay . ico I be go this way . brandon open the cab door and wait with the taxi . david walk towards brandon . brandon hey man , he 's go uptown . david concede throw he arm up , jacket half on . david paw brandon affectionately , straighten brandon 's jacket , give he a kiss and stumble into the cab . david ( laugh ) ok . brandon I will see you tomorrow the cab pull away . 33 ext . STREET . near after work bar . night . 33 a car glide close to the kerb - brandon head down walk - elizabeth hey. wanna ride ? brandon smile - brandon sure . brandon get into the car . 20 . 34 ext . freeway . bridge . night . 34 the incessant drine of car , steady overhead - vast concrete support edging the highway - brandon press elizabeth flat again the grit of the wall caught in the scissore half light , they move , with glorious abandon - the slice of pass headlight casting fracture light across they writhe state until - elizabeth gasp , she body shudder , lean into he as they climax together , sweat bead skin . 35 int . brandon' build corridor . outside apartment . night . 35 brandon walk along the corridor - he reach for he key , suddenly hesitate on - the thump of music come from he apartment - brandon tentatively turn he key and push the door open - 36 int . live room . apartment . night . 36 brandon enter . he look around , nothing - the turn of vinyl on the record player - I feel Love by donna summer steadily rotate - brandon make he way back to the corridor and notice a light on in the bathroom from the slit under the door . he open up a adjacent cupboard and fish out a baseball bat , and head toward the bathroom . 37 int . corridor . apartment . night . 37 brandon steadily approach the bathroom door , consider - he shove it open , hard , baseball bat at the ready - 38 int . bathroom . apartment . night . 38 brandon run , shriek like a banshee , blind wave the baseball bat , slice air - 21 . brandon ( roaring ) I will fuck kill you !- sissy sullivan [ mid / late 20' ] leap out of the bath , naked , scream and drip wet - sissy ( scream ) brandon what the .. what the fuck ? sissy hold she hurt elbow sissy fuck ! fuck ! ow ! fuck ! - brandon ( over ) Jesus Christ sissy . brandon stand , shaking stare at he naked startle sister - sissy brandon . do not you fuck knock ? brandon what the fuck . why would I knock ? I live here . sissy oh fuck . brandon how would you get in ? sissy ( over ) ow ! you give I fuck key . brandon fuck . brandon go for a towel , shove it towards she , embarrassed . sissy dry she face . sissy ( groans ) you fuck scared I brandon do not I always say call I first if you be come into town ? sissy ( over ) oh my god , I call you so many time . sissy sigh . 22 . sissy ( cont 'd ) you have a fuck baseball bat ? sissy laugh . brandon relax . she tousle she hair . sissy ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) ( sigh ) mmmm . what be this shit you put on you hair ? honestly , it 's awful . brandon shake he head , at a loss . brandon shampoo sissy ( over ) be it for groom dog ? sissy throw the towel and brandon sissy ( cont 'd ) good to see you . brandon throw the towel back at she . brandon lock the door next time . sissy yeah . brandon turn to leave the room brandon do not use all the towel sissy I will not . brandon close the door to the bathroom . 39 int . live room . apartment . night . 39 we follow brandon as he walk through to the live room to the record player I feel Love stick in eternal groove . he gently lift the needle off the record . he use the baseball bat to pick up sissy 's scarf . he sniff it . silence - brandon stand consider - 40 int . bedroom . apartment . night . 40 later - 23 . brandon be watch pornography on he laptop , hear sissy on the telephone . he listen . sissy .. I want you . I do not want anyone else . there be no one else . I love you . I will do anything . pause sissy ( cont 'd ) I will do anything . please do not say that . please do not say that . pause sissy ( cont 'd ) I love you . I love you . I will do anything . I will do anything . brandon move the laptop and start to get up . 41 int . live room . apartment . night . 41 sissy I do not have to go out . I do not have to go out . I do not even fuck want to go out . I can stay with you . I do not care . I do not care . I do not need anybody else . I love you . I love you . I love you so much ( cry ) I love you , please . I love you . I love you . 42 int . bedroom . apartment . night . 42 brandon be listen at the door . sissy please ( cry ) I feel sick . I feel really sick - brandon close he eye , resign . 43 int . kitchen . apartment . morning . 43 brandon slide whisk egg into a pan of sizzling butter - sissy enter and sit on the kitchen counter , wear a long - sleeve white t-shirt and hold the earring leave by the pretty woman [ prostitute ] . dangle it in front of brandon - 24 . sissy Morning . Nice earring . hot date ? hiding he surprise , brandon get some juice out of the fridge , pass it to sissy . brandon juice ? brandon give sissy a carton of juice . still sit on the counter , sissy grab it with both hand , almost like a child 's bottle and start drink . sissy mmm . brandon , irritate , say abruptly - brandon will you use a glass ? brandon step away , take a glass from a cupboard and shove it towards she . sissy ( mumble ) sorry . sissy pour the juice into the glass and drink . brandon step back to the cooker , prepare food . sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) you be go grey . do you think I look fat ? brandon do not react . sissy ( cont 'd ) do you think I look fat ? brandon nod in the direction of the table . brandon sit down . she leap off the counter and make she way to the table . she slap brandon 's behind . brandon 's face be one of despair and irritation . sissy ( gasp ) fuck you ! sissy slam she glass on a o/s table and throw the earring away . sissy ( cont 'd ) I be do a couple of gig . 25 . brandon walk towards she with a pan of food . brandon yeah , sure . brandon serve the food . sissy ( sudden / cut in ) can I stay ? brandon hesitates - brandon you want toast ? sissy just for a few day . brandon ignore she question and walk away to the kitchen . sissy ( cont 'd ) I would stay with Mark but he 's be a fuck asshole . sissy stands and walk away , follow brandon . brandon Mark ? sissy wrap she arm around brandon from behind . brandon ( cont 'd ) ( exhales ) Jesus , sissy . brandon push she arm off , turn and walk to the fridge with the juice . brandon ( cont 'd ) what do you expect ? sissy pretty please ? brandon look , you get the sofa and you get you ass off it - sissy leap on he back smother he with flat lipped kiss all over he head until - brandon ( cont 'd ) before I leave every morning . sissy ( over ) ( gasp ) I will . I promise . I will ( kiss ) mwah ! 26 . brandon ok.ok.ok.ok . brandon push she down as she give he a big kiss . sissy ( over ) ( kiss ) mwah ! sissy , happy , walk back to sit down at the table . sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) brandon we leave in fifteen . sissy ok ! sissy sprinkle salt on she breakfast . she smile , playful , resume eat - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( reacting to food ) mmm. mmmm ! ( shout ) so good .! the door slam . sissy sigh and stare towards the front door , a sadness hang - 44 int . platform . subway . morning . 44 sissy stand , toe edging over the platform . brandon pull she back . brandon stop fuck around . sissy stare at brandon . instinctively , brandon feel she gaze . he turn and look . they hold each other 's eye for more than a beat . brandon turn away . sissy begin pick piece of fluff off brandon 's shoulder . brandon , visually irritate . sissy go again . brandon ( cont 'd ) leave it . sissy you have fluff . brandon I like it there . a quick moment pass . brandon pick the fluff off he shoulder and put it on sissy 's shoulder - to she amusement . 27 . sissy ( laugh ) brandon how be you for money ? sissy I be good . brandon Cause if you need some money . sissy honestly , I even make money now and everything . brandon yeah , sure . sissy huge amount . brandon nod at sissy 's hat . brandon be you collect mad hat ? sissy smile - sissy ( laugh ) you should come and hear I . brandon yeah . I will . sissy ` yeah I will ' , like , `yeah I will ' like last time ? please come . brandon take off she hat . brandon where would you get this , anyway . sissy it 's vintage . brandon yeah , I can see that . sissy ( laugh ) sissy take the hat and put it on brandon . sissy ( cont 'd ) wow . 28 . brandon ( whisper ) do you like ? brandon adjust the hat . sissy yeah . sissy gently bump he shoulder with hers . sissy ( cont 'd ) please come . brandon ok . I will . sissy stamp she foot excitedly . sissy yaay ! sissy lean she head on brandon 's shoulder and he put he arm around she . 45 int . office . day . 45 brandon hurry into the office area , unbuckle he coat as he do so . david , phone press to he ear , mid way through a conference call clock he , throw some lewd gesture . brandon smile , throw up he hand , he 's late . what can you do ... brandon sorry . sorry . brandon continue into he office . brandon ( cont 'd ) fuck , my computer . brandon put down he coffee , and take off he scarf . steven well , well , well . brandon Morning , asshole . steven look who 's decide to grace we with he presence . brandon put he scarf in the closet and take off he coat . brandon yeah . 29 . steven do not tell I . no cab . brandon no , you wife would not let I leave this morning . brandon hang up he coat . steven ah ! hey , that 's not cool . brandon ( chuckle ) brandon laugh as he sit down at he desk . steven you should be so lucky . brandon any call ? steven yes . like , fifty . brandon sip he coffee . 46 int . office - coffee area . day . 46 brandon stand , in the coffee area make himself a generic filter coffee . marianne be seat in she glass office in the background at she desk . david approach , slapping brandon on the ass . david hey ! head up , buddy -? brandon ( over ) woah ! david so , how would it go last night ? brandon pour coffee , glance at david behind he . brandon yeah . get home . go to bed . good night . david look at he , shake he head in a know fashion . 30 . david a-ha . right , right . let 's do it again tonight . some place classier though . brandon well ... my sister 's play downtown somewhere . david she 's play ? brandon she 's a musician . well , she 's a singer . david okay . yeah , yeah . you know what , that sound er.. a lot of fun . ( tap coffee mug / walk away ) and that will ruin you enamel . brandon watch david walk into he office , shutting he door behind he . 47 int . office - corridor outside bathroom . day . 47 he turn right abruptly , pass the coffee area , and then right again . a colleague be come out of a door . he hold it open for brandon as he walk in . the door slowly close , expose the men' sign for the bathroom . 48 int . boom boom room - coatcheck . night . 48 brandon and david , not know what be to await they , walk towards the door of the beautiful set of the boom boom room . david that elevator music 's like a bad acid trip . hostess ( o.s. ) good evening . brandon even . er.. reservation . Sullivan ? hostess great . I have you on the list . I will have you follow I . brandon and david take off they scarve and coat . 31 . brandon thank you . brandon and david give they coat to female staff member . david ( to coat check girl ) there you be . hostess right this way , please . david oh , wow , look at that ass . I could follow that forever . david glance back at brandon david ( cont 'd ) Nice pick . ( snigger ) ( whistle ) david and brandon walk on towards the bar . 49 int . boom boom room . night . 49 brandon and david enter a beautiful bar . a spectacular 180 degree view of Manhattan . the room have the most elegant decor . it be to die for : metropolis meet blade runner , a glitter New York skyline to the North of the room , the grey endless black of the Hudson River to the South . it surpass david 's idea of classy . the murmur of conversation - the shake of cocktail mix - david oh . oh , I forget how beautiful this city be . brandon and david follow the hostess to take a seat at a far table . david ( cont 'd ) oh , thank you , thank you . a stun leggy cocktail waitress walk up to the table , dress in silky 1930 's cigarette girl costume . cocktail waitress hi guy . how be you both do tonight ? what can I get you ? 32 . david ( over ) hi. you .. you accent . be you ..? be you from erm ..? cocktail waitress Brazil . david ( look around ) rio. hmmm ? cocktail waitress Sao Paulo . brandon look down and chuckle to himself . david oh ! oh , that be a beautiful city . that 's .. cocktail waitress ( laugh ) you have be there ? david once or twice . brandon can we get two dry martinis with olive . cocktail waitress hm -hm . david and a little bit later , why do not you come by for a drink with we ? hmm ? cocktail waitress I will make sure I get that drink . david thank you . brandon thanks . the cocktail waitress smile , move on , she 's hear it all before . david smile , clock brandon 's look . david she would be offended if I do not try . brandon shake he head and look down . 33. brandon unbelievable . david ( over ) ah. ( laugh ) david and brandon look around the room david and brandon be fortunate to be here . the clink of glass , the noise of laughter waft through the room . across the room , a familiar face . her waver a little at first on see brandon across the room . they eye lock . she smile , with quiet surprise - brandon look away , ignore sissy 's gaze , not want to look at she . sissy play on , inwardly crestfallen , she finger work across the piano key . david lean back , eye graze over sissy , a kind of white noise to sissy 's beautiful music - the seeping first bar of ` New York New York ' filter through - sissy ( sing ) start spread the news . I be leave today . I want to be a part of it . New York .. New York . it 's a familiar song but in sissy 's hand , every word puncture like a emotional fireburst - sissy 's voice be oddly haunt underscore the bubble of conversation , sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I want to wake up in a city that do not sleep . and find I be king of the hill , top of the heap . sissy 's eye dart back to brandon , seemingly lose in he conversation , but compete now with sissy and she song - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) my little town blue - suddenly sissy 's finger drop from the piano , she whole body curving into the microphone offer a blue vocal acoustic , slowly but quietly captivate - 34 . sissy ( cont 'd ) they be melting away . I gonna make a brand new start of it . even david 's listen now - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) in old New York .... sissy 's up move now , she be completely lose in the song and the room be come with she - brandon concede , look back at sissy , now hold the room . sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) if I can make it there - a kind of hushed still have descend - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I will make it anywhere . it 's up to you .. New york , New york . New York , New York - sissy come closer , walk between the table , flirt and laugh and draw the audience in until they be in the palm of she hand . sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I want to wake up in a city , that never sleep ... and find I be a number one - sissy graze past brandon 's table , eye catch on brandon , sing for he now - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) top of the list , king of the hill - brandon drink , not look at sissy . she close she eye , tear sting , reeling back into herself - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) a number one ... sissy draw out the note , bring the song momentarily to a silence - 35 . sissy 's misty eye open as brandon at last look at she , the moment oddly fragile between they , brutal and yet tender . even david sense something until - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) this little town blue - sissy turn , make she way back to the piano , enjoy it now - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) be melting away ... finger touch the key once more , masterfully pick up and improvise with the last few bar - sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I be gonna make a brand new start of it - in old New York .. sissy lean back . she be on fire now , sing with every fibre of she heart and soul , like no other rendition hear . sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) and if I can make it there , I be gonna make it anywhere it 's up to you - sissy hold brandon with a voice , a sudden flicker emotion threaten to topple she , somehow in sissy 's hand this song be heartbreaking ... sissy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) New york New york ( quieter now ) New York .. New York .. ( even quieter ) New york New york ( almost to a whisper ) New york New york . sissy strike one last note , lose deep within herself - hushed silence - david wow. wow ! bravo ! sudden applause , cheer , overwhelming - david turn to brandon 36 . david ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) she 's good ! she 's good ! brandon look away , eye fill with tear . brandon put down he drink , blotting he coaster with the imprint of the deep red rim of he glass - he 's the only one not applaud . 50 int . boom boom room . night . 50 sissy be be congratulate by a hip media type and he wife . the scene be one of congratulation , sissy be admire . sissy confident approach david and brandon . she be bold and self -aware . david hi. sissy hi. david I be David . sissy sissy . davi it 's a pleasure to meet you . sissy Nice to meet you . david ( over ) I think you be fantastic and you look great in the dress , too . please sit down . sissy thank you . ( to brandon ) what do you think ? brandon yeah , it be ... interesting . sissy ( laugh ) what do you mean ? brandon er.. no , it be , er.. it be good . it be good . david finish he martini . 37 . sissy it be good ? david he be cry . he be cry . there be tear come down he face . I see it . you make a grow - man cry . sissy really ? david hm-hmm . brandon I be gonna get some more drink . david that 's a great idea . why do not you get a round for the table , buddy ? sissy ( over ) yeah . brandon exit . david ok , I be really sorry about that , I .. he 's have a rough day at work . I think he 's a bit emotional right now . sissy yeah . david yeah . ( beat ) so you guy grow up in Jersey , right ? sissy yeah . david hmm . you still live there ? sissy GOD , no . david that 's good . that 's good . where do you live now ? sissy kind of all over the place . 38 . david yeah ? what 's the last city you have be to ? sissy LA . david Los Angeles ? sissy mm-hmm . david oh boy . you like it there ? sissy I mean , I be go back . david that must mean you love it then , huh ? sissy no ! I can not even fuck drive . it 's a nightmare . brandon reappear . david ( over ) ( laugh ) whoa , wait a minute , wait a minute . you can not drive ? sissy no . david why not ? sissy I try when I be a kid , and I be horrible . david wait , how old be you when you quit drive . sissy sixteen . david you be 16 year old ? sissy mmhmm . 39 . david so wait , wait , wait a minute . how do you get along in Los Angeles ? brandon sit behind they . sissy I take the bus . david no , no , no , no , no no . look , look . david take sissy 's hand . brandon notice , look uncomfortable . david ( cont 'd ) a girl like you can not be take the bus . one of sissy 's sleeve roll down to she elbow , as she casually put she hand under she chin , charmingly tilting she head - revealing a cross stitch of scar , the trail of self harm lace up she arm . david noticy . david ( cont 'd ) what .. waht happen to you arm here ? sissy oh , just .. when I be a kid I be bored . sissy take she hand back . david well , you must have be really bored . sissy I be . david alright , we have get a problem . you sister cannot be take the bus anywhere . ok . I know a guy who own a car rental company . we be gonna get you a car , we be go to drive around in circle in a parking lot and you be go to learn how to drive . david ( cont 'd ) not a stick , automatic . it 's a little easier . sissy I would love that . 40 . david you would love that . that 's good . you know what ? better yet .. david ( cont 'd ) we be go to get you a golf cart . we be gonna get you a gold cart and you will drive the golf cart around . sissy ( over ) wow , now we be talk . I would .. yeah . david ( over ) yeah , yeah , yeah . sissy everybody should drive golf cart . david ( over ) a golf cart right up fifth Avenue , huh ? ( laugh ) sissy sip she drink . sissy ( laugh ) mmm . david you know , they should they should . it would be a lot cleaner and greener . it would be great for the city . brandon , what do you think ? brandon sound great . david yeah ? david look at brandon . brandon look like he would rather be anywhere than where he be now . david ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) I love you , brother . what a amazing man . how long be you here for ? sissy I do not know . david you do not know ? can I see you again ? please ? sissy laugh . 41 . david ( cont 'd ) be that too forward ? I just .. I find you fascinating , I really do . I think you be a fascinating creature , I would love to see you again . ( beat ) listen , why do not we .. this be a celebration , let 's have champagne . sissy yes ! david Champagne for everybody . for the whole table . come on ! sissy ( over ) Champagne ! brandon look unenthusiastic brandon Champagne . 51 int . cab ( crown VIC style ) . night . 51 brandon wedge in the back of the cab , with david and sissy as they be lose eat one another 's face . look uncomfortable , brandon frequently take glimpsis in the rear view mirror . david and sissy continue make out . it 's almost animal . 52 ext . STREET . outside apartment . night . 52 a dimly light street - a cab be pull up . david open the door . david I have get it , I have get it . get out , get out , get out , get out . david be wear sissy 's hat . david ( cont 'd ) come here , come here , come here , come here . finally sissy step out of the cab , david lift she over he shoulder . 42 . sissy ( yelp ) oh , God ! no ! ( laugh ) david ( strain ) come on , come on with I , come on ... sissy get off . get off . get off . david ( over ) you want I to do that . how do that work ? sissy get off I . sissy start to enter through the revolve door . david follow david ah come on , come on , come on , come on , come on ... brandon be leave alone to pay the driver . 53 int . brandon' apartment - corridor . night . 53 brandon wait in the lobby , press the button for the elevator . a elevator arrive . he ignore it and sit down . 54 int . corridor / kitchen . apartment . night . 54 darkness - brandon enter he apartment door . he hear giggle from he bedroom . sissy ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) well , I be hot , I be hot . david ( o.s. ) you be hot . sissy / david ( o.s. ) ( laughter and chatter ) brandon walk to he kitchen . he hit the kitchen cabinet in frustration . he walk into the live area and pace . brandon consider , look out through the window , he sit on the ledge , wring he hand . 43. sissy ( o.s. ) no ! david ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) sissy ( o.s. ) you be cursing I . I need to take this off . I be hot . I need to take it off . I be hot . david ( o.s. ) Nice sheet sissy ( o.s. ) be not they nice sheet ? bed , bath and beyond . stop .. more giggling , hushed now , more breathless - david ( o.s. ) what if I kiss you right here ...? about here . brandon take off he shoe and start to undress . we hear sissy and david make love . sissy ( o.s. ) ( moan ) david ( o.s. ) yeah ? brandon do not want to hear . brandon stand back against a wall , as if transfix , as if he cannot take any more . his breathe be irregular . something of the past have come to the present . all of he distraction have now stop , and he be at once confront with himself . his face bear the pain of something long pass , but visually present . this wound have not heal . jolting himself out of he trance , brandon hurriedly head out into the corridor - 55 int . corridor . apartment . night . 55 brandon pull run gear from the hallway closet a exit , leave the rising breath of david and sissy lost in furtive sexual intercourse drifting along the corridor , just audible , quietly provoking as it underscore . 56 ext . STREET . outside apartment . night . 56 a dimly light street - 44 . brandon just visible in he apartment block steady on the approach . he be dress in run gear . push the glass door open , brandon hesitates and press a button on the ipod Nano on he arm . he stretch , zip he top , pull he hood up . brandon slip he earphone on , move off . 57 ext . STREET . outside apartment . night . 57 brandon run past illuminate window and neon light . the city be alive . brandon stay focus , run , music pump in he head . 58 int . corridor . apartment . night . 58 later brandon enter he apartment check for noise . the sound of movement in the bathroom . he push open he bedroom door . it 's like a murder scene . pale blue sheet in disarray , the mattress nearly come off the bed , sheet soak with sweat and the smell of sex . a lone condom disregarded on the floor . we see he bedside drawer ajar . he walk into he bedroom and push the drawer shut . 59 int . bedroom . apartment . night . 59 later - brandon lie on he bed , with clean white sheet , sidelight on . sissy enter . brandon open he eye , inwardly flinch . sissy get into the bed , cover herself with the white sheet . snuggle up to brandon brandon I have to be up and out by seven . sissy inhale through she tooth . sissy ( to herself ) it 's cold . uncomfortable silence - 45 . brandon sissy , get out of my room ? sissy do not move . brandon ( cont 'd ) sissy , get out of my room . all this time , brandon have not look at sissy , stare up to the blank ceiling . he scream at the top of he lung - brandon ( cont 'd ) get the fuck out ! get out ! sissy get up , deliberate , as if rise from the dead , and slowly walk around the bed . sissy slam the bedroom door on she exit . 60 int . office . day . 60 midday - the office be in full flow - brandon cross it , clearly worse for wear . a technician wheel a computer out of brandon 's office . steven ( in pass ) hey slacker , you computer 's back . brandon head towards he desk , stop on see - steven ( cont 'd ) Dave 's look for you . steven exit again . brandon observe , he computer be back at he desk . 61 int . office - david' office . day . 61 brandon put he head around the - david ( o.s. ) ( into phone ) yeah , yeah . it be really great last night . skype son ( over ) ( thru computer ) daddy , daddy . david ( o.s. ) ( into phone ) ah , listen , I gotta go . ok , thanks for call . 46 . david ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( into computer ) hey , buddy . david ( cont 'd ) er , listen , we say a hour french and then isobel 's gonna pick you up because mommy 's pick up Nathan . alright ? you can go after . skype son yeah , I know . but mommy say I can not david ( over ) ok , well . let 's go talk to mommy hmm ..? skype son aw .. she 's all the way downstairs . david ( over ) well , go downstairs and tell she that daddy say it 's okay for you to go to Jason 's skype son ohhh .. david hah ? come on . how about that ? do it . you can do it . get up . skype son ok . david yeah . skype son mommy ? mommy ? david 's son exit the computer screen . David look up at brandon . david ( laugh ) what 's up , man ? brandon well , Steven say you want to see I ? david yeah . er , dude . nine o'clock this morning , where be you ? brandon dentist . root canal . 47 . david oh , shit . now , what do I tell you about that ? who d' you see ? brandon Gary sher ... King 's practice , West 57th street . david good. good . you be sting that company health care plan , I hope , right ? brandon sure . david that 's what it 's there for , man . alright brother . brandon turn to leave . david ( cont 'd ) listen , one more thing . brandon turn back . david ( cont 'd ) you hard drive be filthy , all right . we get you computer back . I mean , it be , it be , dirty . I be talk like hoe , slut , anal , double anal , penetration , inter racial facial , man . cream pie . I do not even know what that be . david ( cont 'd ) do you think it be you intern ? david finally look up , hold brandon 's gaze , with discreet challenge until - brandon ( beat ) on my hard drive ? david nod , resume work - david yeah , someone 's fuck with you account , man . and we be blow we wad in cash , you know ? it take a really really sick fuck to spend all day on that shit . brandon nod , make to go . 48 . from beyond - skype son daddy ... daddy ... brandon exit . david yeah . hey buddy , er , what she say ? skype son she say I can go to Jason 's for half a hour but I have to be home by five for dinner . david ok . that 's great . see ? best of both world . you get everything you want . brandon take this opportunity to leave . skype son yep . david you happy ? skype son yeah . david yeah . you better be . get out of here . skype son ok . alright . see you david ok . david look up , watch brandon head back to he desk , quietly consider . a child 's painting stick to the wall behind david . 62 int . coffee area - office . day . 62 brandon , lose in familiar routine , pour sugar into he coffee - marianne hey - brandon look up , marianne loiter - 49 . brandon hey . marianne you like you sugar . brandon ( nod / smile ) I do . marianne be still stand , wait . they look at each other . eventually she turn and walk out . 63 ext . pier . hudson river . night . 63 brandon stand at the end of a long pier , look out toward the Hudson River , the lap of murky water , audible . he hover for a moment , and consider , then slowly make he way back to the main road . the glitter light of Jersey stretch wide beyond . 64 ext . near standard HOTEL . night . 64 above , the tall , endless glass of the Standard Hotel , score with a honeycomb of window , randomly illuminate like tiny still life . brandon come to a corner , light a cigarette and lean . above he , engrave in stone be " 1949 . " he look up toward the tall building , which appear like a stasi East Berlin building . Stark and authoritative . a kid slap he palm against the glass of a fourth floor window , a filipino nanny usher he away . a woman , early 30 , phone to she ear , dress in black jeans and t-shirt , pace along the window . catch sight of brandon , she pull the curtain along the length of the glass . a man stare blankly out , clearly fresh in on a flight and jet lag , enjoy the view two floor up . a female cleaner just visible lose in the monotony of clean , make large brush stroke with a large pink fluffy duster . and then brandon see she - a middle aged woman stand , naked she body press against the floor to ceiling glass , high up , overlook the Hudson River . the steady back and forth of the middle aged man behind she gradually reveal both be lose in a stand up fuck . 50 . brandon hesitates , quiet fascination flicker across he face as for a brief flicker moment brandon 's eye lock with the middle aged woman 's dead gaze , stand high above - a car horn loud unremitting - brandon turn , he hypnotism break . it 's as if he come back to himself . 65 ext . STREET . near restaurant . night . 65 a distant restaurant illuminate a dimly light street - marianne wait inside the bar , seat , with a drink , clearly there for some time . her eye check the room , with quiet concern . brandon stand watch from a distance - brandon make to cross , hover on the edge of the gutter until - 66 int . restaurant . night . 66 brandon enter the restaurant . brandon hi. marianne hello - brandon hello . ( laugh ) brandon ( cont 'd ) do you find it okay ? marianne yes , I be glad you make it . brandon oh , yeah . I be late . sorry . brandon sit down at the table where marianne be already seat . marianne you look handsome . brandon you look amazing . a waiter enter . 51 . waiter hi. waiter place the wine list in front of brandon and hand out menus . marianne ( under ) thank you . waiter ok . brandon thanks . waiter I have few special on the menu , if you would like to hear they ? marianne smile , eye darting to brandon , playful . the waiter oblivious , clearly on a roll . brandon sure . waiter ( o.s. ) erm . . the soup of the day be tomato with basil oil and Parmesan crostini . the special be marinate swordfish , tabbouleh and moroccan chermoula . it 's really good . er , we be also serve a debragga and spitler New York Strip with a side order of fries and the salad be snow pea and radish with a cider vinaigrette . can I start you off with a sparkling water ? brandon nod , ( clear throat ) - brandon tap water 's fine . waiter ok and the wine menu 's right next to you . yep . there you go - brandon pull out a wine menu hide under he bread plate . brandon you want some wine ? marianne sure . brandon White ? Red ? 52 . marianne Red maybe .. the waiter hover , point to a red on the menu - waiter the pinot noir be er..light .. erm . if you like it like .. Light . the glide of a napkin across brandon 's lap , the waiter a constant presence , on the edge of irritate . brandon great . waiter ok . I will be back . the waiter smile , at last move off - they sit look at they menus . brandon steal a moment , eye trace over - marianne 's finger play with the edge of she menu - the flutter of she lash - nipples ghost she dress . a ring indent around she wedding finger , the shrink of skin . brandon so ( clear throat ) where do you live ? ( laugh ) marianne ( laugh ) Brooklyn . brandon Nice . marianne bear and raise . where you from ? marianne ( cont 'd ) where you from ? brandon I be bear in Ireland . we move here when I be a teen . the waiter enter again , with water . marianne do you get back much ? ( to waiter ) thank you . 53. waiter pour water for marianne brandon a couple of time . marianne a big family ? you miss they ? brandon er.. I have a sister . marianne I have two . brandon oh , yeah ? marianne yeah . brandon older , young ? marianne older and young . I be in the middle . brandon stare at marianne marianne ( cont 'd ) what ? brandon just wonder . marianne ( laugh ) be you nervous ? brandon why would I be nervous ? marianne smile , hold he look . marianne you look a little nervous . brandon do i? no. marianne well , what 's a date ? brandon shrug - brandon it 's no big deal . 54 . marianne it take I a hour to figure out what to wear . brandon you choose wisely . marianne shrug , smile - brandon laugh - the waiter return - waiter I forget to say the crab come in the shell . brandon great . the waiter pause , expectantly . brandon ( cont 'd ) oh. yeah ... I have not even look at this . marianne erm , I will have the lamb . the waiter scrawl it down on a pad , barely look up . waiter the Lamb . brandon I will have the Lamb too . that sound great . marianne ( laugh ) waiter erm , no appetizer ? brandon ( look to marianne ) you want -? marianne shrug , close she menu . marianne I be fine . brandon no . 55 . waiter ok , and how would you like the lamb ? brandon medium . waiter we recommend it pretty pink . the waiter wait - brandon look at marianne , they giggle . brandon ok . marianne hm-hm . waiter pink it be . the waiter take the menus . marianne stare at brandon . waiter ( cont 'd ) thank you . Excuse I . the waiter exit . brandon so , you see anyone at the moment ? brandon ( cont 'd ) no . marianne no. really ? why ? why be that ? brandon I do not know . just er , it 's just the way it be . marianne it 's just the way it be . yeah , I erm ... actually , I be separate . brandon right . the dip of skin , soft under she chin , a finger graze over it , nervously . marianne yeah . kind of a recent thing . 56 . brandon ok . you be marry for long ? marianne no . the waiter return . waiter do we decide on the wine ? brandon hesitates , on the edge but - brandon erm , well , yeah erm .. the pinot .. be it the pinot noir , you say ? brandon scour the wine menu at a loss - brandon look to marianne , she shrug - waiter yeah , great .. great choice . ok . the waiter nod , at last move off - marianne I be not marry long . gave it a shot . it do not really work out . brandon no . marianne wow . brandon what ? marianne well , you just seem , like .. ( laugh ) brandon what ? marianne ... averse to the whole idea . brandon well , yeah . I mean , I just do not understand why people would want to get marry . especially nowadays , I mean , it 's .. you know .. I do not see the point . marianne in relationship ? 57 . brandon it do not seem realistic . marianne consider , lip graze the rim of the glass . marianne be you serious ? I mean .. brandon yeah , I be , really . marianne ( laugh ) well , then , you know , why be we here , if we do not matter to one another ? brandon well .. marianne why be you here ? brandon the food 's suppose to be really great here . ( laugh ) marianne nod , do not look amused - brandon ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , no . I be not .. I be not say it like that . I mean , I just mean , you know .. one person for the rest of you life ? I mean , it 's .. I mean , you know , you come to restaurant , you see couple sit together and they do not even speak to one another . they do not have anything to say , they do not have anything . marianne they probably do not have to speak because they be connect . brandon or they be just bored with one another . marianne every .. the waiter approach , a bottle of wine in hand . waiter ( over ) here we go . the waiter uncork the wine . 58 . marianne what 's you longest relationship ? brandon erm .. he pour a little into brandon 's glass . marianne exactly . brandon gesture for the waiter to pour . brandon oh , that 's .. you can pour . waiter sure . waiter fill brandon 's glass . brandon four month . waiter finish pour brandon 's wine and start fill marianne 's . marianne you have to commit . you have to actually give it a shot . brandon I do .. ( laugh ) .. for four month . waiter ( under ) I will leave the bottle . the waiter slide the bottle down , move off - marianne for four month . 67 ext . STREET . outside restaurant . night . 67 a dirty grey street , brighten by the glow of brandon and marianne seat inside the restaurant . 68 ext . STREET . near restaurant . night . 68 later - brandon and marianne stand heady from the wine and a little awkward in the freezing cold - they walk - 59 . brandon sneak a side glance , marianne smile . it 's freezing . they be breath and body steaming as they walk . marianne thank you . brandon look , touch that . brandon bow , point to the back of he head . marianne you head ? marianne turn to touch brandon 's head . as she do so , he growls at she , like a little dog . brandon grrrrrr . marianne shriek . they both laugh . brandon ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) oh , no , no , no ... marianne ( laugh ) you be such a.. weirdo . she push he playfully . brandon no , seriously , seriously . touch it . marianne ok . there 's a massive knot on the back of he head . marianne ( cont 'd ) oh , my God . brandon do you feel that ? marianne yeah , what be it ? brandon it 's a remnant . marianne a remnant ? 60 . brandon yeah , from the neanderthals . there 's only a few of we leave since the homo sapien take over . marianne ( over ) ok . hmm .. that would explain the forehead . brandon what 's that suppose to mean ? marianne ` what 's that suppose to mean ? ' brandon what do you mean ? marianne ( chuckle ) no , seriously , how do you get it ? brandon ( cough ) I use to play this game with my cousin . marianne hm-hmm . brandon where I would sit on he foot and he would fly I through the air . I hit my head on the ceiling and I black out . they both laugh . Marianne laugh hysterically . brandon laugh along . brandon ( cont 'd ) I be knock out for 5 - 10 minute . I peed my pants . marianne ( react sympathetically ) oh. brandon if you have a choice to live in the past or future and you could be anything you want , what would you be ? marianne what would you be ? brandon I always want to be a musician in the sixty . 61 . marianne that 's cool a musician ? brandon yeah . marianne sixty be tough though . I see gimme shelter recently , you know the Rolling Stones documentary ? brandon yeah . marianne it kind of seem like hell . brandon what ? marianne ( laugh ) yeah , the sixty would be the last place I would want to be . brandon no way ! marianne yes. eugh , chaos ! brandon so where would you wanna , and what would you wanna be ? marianne erm . . you know . here , now . brandon that 's boring marianne fuck you . ( laugh ) still walk along , brandon think for a moment . brandon turn and stare at marianne , hold he gaze . marianne blushes . there 's a silence as they walk on . they get to a subway entrance . marianne ( cont 'd ) ok . well , this be I . brandon nod , hover by the subway , awkward and yet - brandon this be you . they stand heady from the wine and a little awkward . 62 . marianne thank you very much brandon . brandon thank you very much marianne . we should do this again . silence they loiter on the edge of something more . marianne right . silence brandon hover , momentarily fragile , the sting of uncertainty . marianne descend into the depth of the subway , with a half wave . brandon so , be that a yes ? marianne ( o.s. ) maybe , yeah . 69 int . corridor . apartment . night . 69 the click of the door - brandon enter . the sound of the record player , which have finish hour ago , rotate empty on the turntable . pull off he jacket - brandon hello ? sissy ? silence - brandon put the needle back in it 's dock . he hang up he jacket , take he bag , head towards the live room . he spy all sissy 's crap spilling out across the floor - he sigh . head to the kitchen and get a can out of the fridge . 70 int . corridor . apartment . night . 70 the lock of the front door rotate . someone be enter the apartment . darkness - sissy burst through the door , in a hurry . 63. after a moment the bathroom door open , cut a slit of light into the darkness . from the blackness we see brandon frame , masturbate in front of the bathroom sink . sissy , shocked , stand with she hand still on the door handle , transfix by a naked brandon . as brandon instinctively turn , sissy run from view . sissy slam the door shut . brandon ( o.s. ) oh ! fuck ! sissy ( snigger ) fuck ! brandon look at himself in the mirror , full of shame and bewilderment and deep embarrassment . slowly but surely this expression turn into rage . he hit the wall in frustration . sissy ( cont 'd ) fuck ! 71 int . live room corridor . apartment . night . 71 brandon open the bathroom door , with towel tie around he waist , look for sissy . brandon what ? be you fuck spying on I ? sissy ( laugh ) lock the fuck door , brandon . brandon ( over ) be you fuck spying ? sissy ( mimick he ) uhh .. be you fuck spying ? brandon lean over sissy , push she down onto the sofa . sissy ( cont 'd ) fuck ! ( laugh ) brandon .. brandon ( over ) what do you want ? what do you want ? brandon climb onto sissy , straddle she . 64 . sissy oh , you wanna fight ? you wanna fight ? you wanna fight ? you wanna fight ? brandon ( over ) yeah ? you want some of this ? you want some of this ? brandon 's towel fall down as he forcefully pin she down . sissy ( under ) you wanna fight ? you wanna fight ? you wanna . brandon ( over ) what do you want from I ? what do you want from I ? sissy brandon ! brandon shake sissy by the shoulder . she react , upset now . brandon ( shout ) what do you want ? sissy ( over ) ( shout ) get off I ! brandon ( shout ) why do you come here ? why ? sissy ( over ) get off I ! get off I ! brandon why ? sissy ( over ) get of I ! brandon why ?! sissy ow ! you be fuck hurt I . brandon ( over ) talk to I ! you fuck bitch ! sissy ( over ) Fucking get the fuck off , you fuck weirdo . brandon stand and exit . sissy shouting after he . 65 . brandon ( o.s. ) Fucking slut ! 72 int . bathroom . apartment . night . 72 brandon lock the bathroom door . he exhales , let the moment slowly pass until - sissy ( o.c . ) brandon - brandon lower himself onto the floow , desperately struggle with he emotion - he close he eye , eyelash fragile and flicker until - brandon open they , reach a hand out , almost mechanically , turn up the shower , the room now swirl in steam , try to drow sissy 's voice out . sissy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) brandon , I be sorry . brandon close he eye , tear prick - 73 int . live room . apartment . night . 73 sissy walk back from kitchen , resign - brandon 's laptop on and open on he desk . sissy approach it , sink down in front of the illuminate laptop . she absently tap the mouse , drag open a series of hold window , the shifting light of the screen cast across she face , revealing - slowly sissy 's face change , a blurred smorgasbord of porn site , graphic and obscene , they color reflect across she face and body . a escalate collage of graphic image , obscene sexual message and a provocative sexual conversation hang mid sentence address to a live sex chatroom . the image haunt , brutal , from the weird to the sadomasochistic . the open window , a endless stack of obscene chatroom conversation , email post with graphic sexual photo and live webcam image of every combination of fuck disappear into the screen in infinite form . sissy be take aback and strangely intrigue - suddenly a voice from the screen , image briefly glimpse , a woman leg splay - 66 . from screen hey , where 's brandon ? be you brandon 's girlfriend ? do you want to play ? sissy look closer , mildly appal . from screen ( cont 'd ) do you wanna play with my tit ? I know brandon would really like it .. and I know exactly what brandon like . brandon pick up the laptop and head towards he bedroom . sissy take she coat and leave the apartment . 74 int . bedroom . apartment . night . 74 later - the thump of music - brandon sit on the edge of he bed , the pump music from a stereo in the apartment seemingly get louder , hand grasp he hair . then suddenly he enter the whole content of he bedside drawer into a black garbage bag . then , brandon move like a dervish through the apartment , a black garbage bag in he hand , dump piece of paper , post it note and business card with hastily write cellphone number on the back . brandon move on , pick up anything he can find . a old jacket , elbow wear . a handful of old t-shirt . he move off down the corridor with grow frenzy , grab more crap along the way , one of sissy 's dirty thongs on the floor . he pick it up , move on . 75 int . kitchen . apartment . night . 75 a open fridge - brandon tipping bowl of old food and long past it sell by date mush into the bag . can of Red bull , crappy cereal , jam with mould on top , a old joint , magazine all get dumped on route . brandon head out , pick up more detritus along the way , old pen , a old cellphone , a pair of defunk headphone - a pile of porn mag , in a cupboard , pull out as he head down along the corridor . 67 . 76 int . live room . apartment . night . 76 brandon strip the room , pull out a old pair of sneaker smell and crack from under a chair . he peer up , look around the room almost bare - his laptop rest on he desk . brandon stop , consider , initially resistant and then something finally compel he to do it - he pick up the laptop , yanking the plug hard from the wall . dump it inside the garbage bag , he move on pick up a ipod , a gameboy , ipod nano , wire and cable and stuff . slap a tangle of wire into the garbage , he drag the heaving bag of crap out into the corridor . the slam of the front door - 77 ext . STREET . outside apartment . night . 77 brandon head down the step of he apartment , heaving the swell and drip bag into a heaving garbage can park on the sidewalk . a pile of black garbage bag already pile up along the street in wait for collection . further down the street a young couple hold hand , walk by the arrangement of trash bag littering the sidewalk . a siren go past - the distant banter of a gang of kide . brandon head back up to he apartment , shutting the door firmly . 78 int . brandon' office . day . 78 brandon , now the voyeur , look across the room , into marianne 's office . he study she , almost like prey . the moment seem to last a lifetime . there be much want in brandon 's face , but from this distance seem unobtainable . suddenly , and without any warning , brandon walk into he dream , enter marianne 's office , and pull she behind a partition , kissing she unapologetically and passionately . she respond , startle , but happy to be take . she surrender . they pull away , look at one another . she smile , laugh , he spirit infectious , draw she on . brandon come on . brandon lead marianne away . 68 . 79 ext . standard HOTEL . day . 79 brandon and marianne step out of a cab , brandon lead marianne , both giggle and trip . marianne where be you take I ? ( laugh ) brandon come on . you will see marianne stop . she smile , quizzically , allow herself to be guide and yet - marianne no , where be we go ? ( laugh ) brandon come on . 80 int . bathroom . standard HOTEL . day . 80 brandon snort two line of coke in quick succession on top of the white water tank in the toilet . exiting , we see marianne look out onto the Hudson from the large hotel window . 81 int . bedroom . standard HOTEL . day . 81 brandon enter the bedroom , stop to prepare a drink . watch marianne at the window . brandon you wanna drink ? he pour a drink from the mini bar . brandon ( cont 'd ) what be you look at ? marianne the view be amazing . brandon approach nervously , stand next to she . brandon hey . marianne lean up and kiss brandon . marianne ( laugh ) 69 . marianne take brandon 's hand and lead he to the bed . we see both of they slowly discover each other through tender touch . marianne caress brandon 's face and kiss both he eye . brandon attempt to do the same to marianne , slowly but surely . this ritual become more arouse , clothes start to fall away , revealing for the first time both each other 's flesh . brandon roll up she skirt , laugh at she panite . marianne giggle . brandon ( laugh ) be they vintage ? marianne a little bit . ( laugh ) the ritual begin to get more passionate , as they feel for each other 's breast and thigh . at the height of this passionate encounter , brandon 's attention strangely , slowly start to fade . it 's as if the intimacy that he have discover start to frighten he . he recoil , unable to continue . both lie on they back silently , in frustration , breathe heavily . marianne 's face be one of puzzlement and hurt . she look at brandon for some kind of answer . he get up . marianne , unsure what to do , sit up and pull down she skirt , adjust she hair . 82 int . bedroom . standard HOTEL . day . 82 late afternoon sunlight seeping across the room - brandon sit at the edge of the bath look out onto the view . marianne brandon ? erm ... marianne look at he , the moment fragile . she do up she bra . marianne ( cont 'd ) you know , it 's cool . it 's ok . marianne ( cont 'd ) should I go ? brandon sure . 70 . hurt , marianne put on she top , pick up she bag and make to leave brandon ( cont 'd ) I can walk you down . marianne ( o.s. ) that 's ok . silence - brandon look back out over the grey of the Hudson River . brandon 's face be one of embarrassment and failure . the click of the door , marianne go . the hum of the traffic , audible through a ajar window . brandon reach he hand out , catch the breeze , peer down , a man on the edge . 83 int . bedroom . standard HOTEL . day . 83 brandon bang the life out of HOTEL lover , doggy style , tit press up against the glass of the window - the distant screech of horn . 84 ext . STREET . below standard HOTEL . day . 84 the trawl of car - the grey of the Hudson River - brandon and the HOTEL lover just visible high above , catch full frontal in the window - 85 int . bedroom . standard HOTEL . day . 85 brandon close to climax - a cold sweat bead brandon 's forehead as he come , face twisted before the slow seep of release . brandon withdraw , laugh . the HOTEL lover laugh as well . brandon turn , for a moment she be almost beautiful . HOTEL lover smile , already pull on she underwear . brandon watch she , pull on a tiny thong . she look up , stare at he . brandon look away , fight back the cold flutter of shame . 71 . brandon can I get you a drink ? HOTEL lover hesitates , smile , shake she head . HOTEL lover no . brandon nod . HOTEL lover finger fasten a cheap nylon bra . HOTEL lover ( cont 'd ) fuck . brandon need a hand ? HOTEL lover the hook odd - HOTEL lover ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) there you go . 86 int . bedroom . standard HOTEL . day . 86 brandon sit on the bed , now alone , catch in the half light of dusk - the rise and fall of a distant lift . 87 int . live room . apartment . night . 87 brandon be sit on the couch , watch a cartoon . sissy enter the apartment , on she cell phone . brandon ignore she sissy ( o.s. ) ( into phone ) David ?.. pick up . I take it you be at you pottery class . sissy hang up . sissy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) have you eat ? brandon no . sissy ( o.s. ) be you hungry ? brandon no . sissy sit down next to brandon on the couch . 72 . sissy can you just give I a hug ? brandon put he arm around she . she snuggle up to he . brandon he 's not gonna screw you again . sissy ( sigh ) . brandon you leave a message do not you ? you can not help yourself . it 's disgusting . sissy why be you so fuck angry ? brandon why be I so fuck angry ? that 's my boss ! you sleep with he after twenty minute and now you be call he up ? what 's the matter with you ? you know he 's get a family , right ? you know he 's get a family ? sissy no . brandon you do not see the wedding ring on he finger ? sissy no . brandon you be a liar . sissy I be sorry brandon you be always sorry . sissy at least - brandon ( over ) that 's all you ever fuck say ! sissy ( over ) well , least I say I be sorry . 73. brandon try do something , action count ! not word . sissy I be sorry . I be sorry . I fuck up . I be not perfect . but I be ... try . brandon some people fuck up all the time . pause . brandon remove he arm from around sissy . brandon ( cont 'd ) look , just forget it . this be not work out . obviously . you need to find somewhere else to live . sissy I do not have anywhere else to go . ( beat ) this be not about he . I make you angry all the time and I do not know why . brandon no . you trap I . you force I into a corner and you trap I . " I have get nowhere else to go . " I mean , what sort of fuck shit be that ? sissy you be my brother . brandon so what , I be responsible for you ? sissy yes ! brandon no I be not ! sissy yes you fuck be ! brandon ( over ) I do not give birth to you ! I do not bring you into this world . sissy you be my brother , I be you sisterm . we be family . we be mean to look after each other . 74 . brandon you be not look after I . sissy I be - brandon ( over ) I be look after myself . sissy ( over ) I be try to help you ! brandon how be you help I ? huh ? how be you help I ? brandon grip sissy 's face in he hand . brandon ( cont 'd ) how be you help I ? huh ? look at I . how be you help I ? you come in here , and you be a weight on I . do you understand I ? you be a burden . you be just fuck drag I down . you can not even clean up after yourself . stop play the victim . sissy I be not play the fuck victim . if I leave now , I would never hear from you again . sissy pull brandon 's hand away . sissy ( cont 'd ) do not you think that 's sad ? do not you think that 's sad ? you be my brother . brandon why be it always so dramatic with you ? everything be always the end of the world . sissy it 's not fuck dramatic . I be try to talk to you ! brandon I do not want to talk . try not talk . try just listen or think for a change . sissy yeah , ico that 's work great for you . you be completely fine . 75 . brandon well , I have get my own fuck apartment . sissy oh , whopee -fuck - shit . you have you own apartment , that 's amazing . you job and a apartment , I should be in awe of you . brandon well , at least I be responsible for it . at least I do not depend on people all the time . you know , you be a dependency , you be a parasite . sissy you do not have anybody . you do not have anybody . you have I and you fuck pervert boss . brandon you sleep with that fuck pervert boss . so what do that make you ? sissy do not talk to I about sex - life brandon . not from you . brandon whatever . brandon make he way to the closet , take he coat . brandon ( cont 'd ) I be go out . sissy great . and then you will just come back and we will just have this same fuck conversation again . brandon no , you will move out . sissy and then I will never hear from you again ? brandon exit the apartment . 88 int . subway train . night 88 brandon 's reflection in the window as the train travel . 76 . we see that brandon have a nasty cut on he cheek . 89 int . bar . night . 89 earlier that night - brandon sit , drink alone at the bar - a older guy paw a gaunt young woman ply she with drink , knock they back much to he delight . brandon watch , catch the eye of a girl ( carly ) walk towards the bar , she friend play pool - carly hey - brandon hey . carly smile , as she lean against the bar , she breast spilling out of she T-shirt . brandon ( cont 'd ) ( close to ) you want to get out of here ? carly giggle - brandon ( cont 'd ) I could take you somewhere . carly look over at she muscular boyfriend just visible across the bar talk to a couple of guy . brandon ( cont 'd ) what ? be you with someone ? do he go down on you ? I do .. that 's what I like to do .. carly look at he , sober and yet - brandon 's hand discreetly reach down , up and under the girl 's skirt , shocking she a little and yet - brandon ( cont 'd ) I like the way it feel . I like the way it 's just I and it ... I wanna taste you . I like to slip my tongue inside you - carly lean in closer , she lip blotting the edge of a glass overfil with beer . brandon ( cont 'd ) ... just as you come . 77 . carly hesitates , the moment hang dangerous between they . brandon suck he finger . brandon ( cont 'd ) want I to make you come ? brandon ( cont 'd ) I can do that . want I to do that ? brandon stroke she chin- muscular boyfriend hey -? from behind , carly 's muscular boyfriend approach , quizzical - muscular boyfriend ( cont 'd ) what 's up babe ? carly nod , deflect - carly I be just get some drink . muscular boyfriend yeah , huh ? brandon I be just tell you pretty girlfriend here , that I would like to fuck she in that tight pussy of hers . muscular boyfriend ( chuckle ) brandon I mean bone she real hard till she 's claw up my back . carly he 's kid . carly gently bar she muscular boyfriend , try to diffuse lead he away . brandon after I fuck she hard up the ass , I put my ball in she mouth while I come on she face . muscular boyfriend ( to carly ) you will not let I fuck you in the ass . carly Christ . 78 . muscular boyfriend you get to fuck she in the ass ? brandon you know . muscular boyfriend tell I more man , because you .. I be fuck loving this . brandon turn , smile provocatively , know what 's come next . brandon smell it . the muscular boyfriend react as brandon shove he finger under he nose . muscular boyfriend ( sniff ) yo ! the muscular boyfriend shove brandon . carly Jesus , come on . muscular boyfriend you mother fucker . brandon laugh , sip he drink - 90 ext . STREET . outside bar . night . 90 brandon be round a corner , do up he jacket . the muscular boyfriend run out after he . muscular boyfriend hey , Romeo . he spin brandon around and punch he . the slip and slide of brandon 's shoe , he face smashed against the sidewalk . the muscular boyfriend come in hard again , kick he , sharp in the rib . brandon recoil yet almost seem to want more as he struggle to stand . he spit on brandon . 91 ext . STREET . near bar . night . 91 brandon walk , aimless and bleed - the drone of taxi 's streaking past - 79 . two women seat outside a bar , drink and smoking , lose in they laugh conversation oblivious - brandon walk on - a young man with a satchel roughly brushes past he - the young man waver on see brandon be cry , move on - brandon 's face head down want to get away . a rush of teenager and middle aged couple spilling out of a cinema - brandon walk , disorientate , jaywalk through the traffic . the screech of horn - brandon ignore they , he cross street , traffic , darting off the sidewalk into the road , when human , dog or stroller get in he way until - 92 ext . STREET . night . 92 brandon walk past a blur of yellow neon and glow of shop sign - across the street , a snake queue of men wait in line outside a club . he keep walk , eye scour - teenager loiter , in oversize clothes , sink under cap and hood . 93 ext . STREET near club . night . 93 a lively bar ; a couple of hot girl enter - brandon consider , go to enter , bar by bouncers , who point he back along the cue - he stand in line - across the street , a thick set guy eye he . he stand smoking outside a heaving bar . brandon look away - a gang of girl pass , the bouncers let they in with ease . brandon reach for he iphone , try to cover he face with he phone to get into the club - bouncer woah ! not tonight , buddy . 80 . brandon tie to get in again . the bouncer stop he a second time . bouncer ( cont 'd ) I say not tonight . the thick set guy over the street , flick out he cigarette , eye graze over brandon as he re-enter the heaving bar opposite . brandon consider , hand sink deep in he pocket . through the glass a heaving bar . brandon consider , on the edge until - he suddenly cross the street , narrowly avoid a taxi streaking past . 94 int . club . night . 94 fluorescent light skim the thick black darkness like a beam on a lighthouse - a heaving dance floor of butch bear , skinny boy , and twig , arm raise , dance to the pulse of music . the thick set guy , walk away , wait for brandon to follow . brandon follow . 95 int . club . labyrinth . night . 95 pass through a low hang door , brandon move along a dark labyrinth of corridor , eye graze over - dimly light crevice , men catch briefly in light , lose in fellatio and stand up fuck - brandon keep walk , draw towards a dark doorway - 96 int . backroom . club . night . 96 a endless darkness , puncture with groan from dark cubicle - brandon hesitates , foot slip on the moist floor . suddenly a hand reach out , draw he into the dark cubicle - the thick set guy press brandon up against the wall , kissing he , tongue search he mouth , rub along its roof , hungry and urgent . brandon pull away , hand gently yet forcefully push the thick set guy down on he knee . 81 . brandon look beyond - a thin boy down on he knee suck a cock through a hole between wall . brandon stand , leg splay let the thick set guy take he in he mouth . he be beautiful . the palm of brandon 's hand press against the side of the cubicle . he stand , fuck the thick set guy in the mouth - the pulse of music heaving , the club rock , puncture by groan and grunt of rough sex from deep within . brandon throw he head back , grip the cubicle wall . 97 ext . STREET outside club . night . 97 the early hour - brandon , head away . he clock he phone , several message from sissy logge . brandon listen to he voicemail - sissy on answer machine ( from sissy ) brandon , it 's sissy .. I really need to talk to you . please . brandon pocket he phone . 98 ext . a apartment . night . 98 sissy on answer machine please will you pick up the fuck phone ? brandon stop and knock on a apartment door . a woman open and brandon step in . 99 int . bedroom . later . 99 a threesome . brandon have sex with a blonde and brunette . throughout the image of the threesome , we hear more of sissy 's voicemail . sissy on answer maching we be not bad people ... we just come from a bad place .... thanks for let I stay . brandon , at climax , he animalistic grimace turn to pain and anguish . 82. 100 int . subway . dawn . 100 the grey snake of a subway come up from under ground - brandon stand on a platform . it 's not the rush hour yet . the rattle of the subway pull in - brandon board the train . 101 int . train . subway . dawn . 101 a virtually empty car - brandon sit - a columbian woman across the car , head leat against the window , half asleep , clearly at the end of a long shift . above a poster of a sunny shiny family advertising life insurance - brandon 's eye graze over the poster - he stand he reflection mirrore back at he , prepare for he stop - the train screech to a sudden halt - wheel screeching along the track - the columbian woman wake - a young student plugge headphone on , look up from read she book . brandon inwardly curse . the train sit in the station . Doors not open . the silence at last puncture by the shrill hum of the intercom - intercom lady and gentlemen , at this time , due to a police investigation , we have to discharge this train . please follow the conductor to the rear of the train . the long low ping of the intercom fade out - they wait . and wait in silence . brandon lean he head against the glass , close he eye , a hangover kick in . 83. the other few commuter in the carriage sit awkwardly , wonder why the door be not open in the station . detail of the carriage appear . half -drunken cup of coffee . a old New York post . graffiti on all the car window . they wait . suddenly passenger from other carriage be make they way through the carriage that brandon 's in , with the conductor ushere the passenger to make they way down to the end . conductor ( o.s. ) watch you step between car . passenger ask , " what 's go on ? " brandon finally make he way down with the other passenger to the last carriage . as he step out , he look down to he far leave and see a police caution line be unravel , and engineer and firemen make they way to the far front of the train . 102 int . subway . dawn . 102 a large black woman , face bow , sit talk to a police officer give a statement - conductor watch you step . several engineer stand further down the platform surround a traumatised driver - conductor follow , I please . follow I . two platform attendant talk to police officer . conductor ( cont 'd ) watch you step . this way . this way . quickly female conductor this way . nothing to see . move on . conductor ( o.s. ) ( over ) right this way , please . female conductor move on . this way . 84 . brandon make he way past the wrought- iron gate with other passenger , go up the stairwell . 103 ext . STREET . outside subway . dawn . 103 brandon climb the stair , filing out of the subway , eye catch on - a woman 's shoe , like sissy 's earlier at the boom boom room , discard . brandon pick up he pace . the intermittent whir of siren - brandon emerge from the subway , already reach for he cellphone - Beyond the glow of a ambulance - brandon keep walk , head off up the road quietly distract . he tap the key press the cellphone to he ear . the pulse of a distant phone ringing - the answer machine kick in - answer machine this be sissy .. leave a message .. do not if you be a asshole . brandon flick it off , slip it back in he pocket . brandon pick up he pace . he flick out he phone again . tries again - answer machine ( cont 'd ) this be sissy .. leave a I - brandon be run now , heart beat fast now , breath quicken , a seeping panic threaten to unleash - brandon shit ! suddenly he make a dash for it , weaving through the sidewalk at pace . 104 int . brandon' build - lobby . dawn . 104 his finger repeatedly press the elevator button as if by do so will make it arrive quick . 85 . 105 int . brandon' build - elevator . dawn . 105 brandon enter into the elevator . the door shut immediately behind he . 106 int . brandon' build - corridor . outside apartment . dawn . 106 exiting , brandon head along the faceless corridor , reach he front door . he be already pull out he key and push they into the door with grow dread - 107 int . corridor . apartment . dawn . 107 the sound of run water from the bathroom . brandon stop with relief , lean he forehead against the bathroom door , let himself exhale - brandon sissy - silence - brandon hesitates , a seeping concern prick he skin- 108 int . bathroom . apartment . dawn . 108 brandon walk into the bathroom , freezing on see - sissy sink on the floor wedge between the bathroom and the toilet - the pump of blood seeping from she wrist , already pool across the floor - brandon reach for sissy grip she wrist , deep slashes scissor the vein , the flap of skin , flay - brandon push the fat of he thumb on each slash , blood seeping between he finger - brandon look at she wrist , every time he move he finger , he release the pressure the blood flow . brandon grip they tighter , a quiet determination to stop the bleed - the skid of blood underfoot , brandon cradle she in he arm , grapple with he phone , desperately call 911 . brandon desperately hold she , cradle between he leg , he finger press she wrist , temporarily stemm the flow of blood , the phone wedge between shoulder and chin . 86 . the slip of sissy 's wrist through brandon 's finger . he slam down the phone , struggle to hold she in he grasp . she slip again . 109 int . hospital . day . 109 brandon head bow . sitting by sissy 's bedside - sissy lie , sleep , skin white , strapped to a drip . the gentle rise and fall of she breath . brandon 's gaze fall on sissy lie in the hospital bed , she wrist bandage . brandon , eye fall on the scar cover she arm . he reach out a hand , on the edge of touch they , let he finger hover over they until finally - a finger lightly outline a snake scar seeping up she arm . she stir a little but - sissy 's eye just open , focus on he until - sissy ( murmure ) shithead . relief overwhelming brandon , he laugh , exhales on the edge . brandon turn to stroke sissy 's hair , rest he head next to hers . she sleep again . 110 ext . waterfront . hudson river . dusk . 110 brandon now walk along the side of the river , railing seemingly speed up he journey . Beyond , the shadowy black figure of a break jetty stretch out toward the open river . 111 ext . dock . hudson river . dusk . 111 the endless grey of the Hudson River , close now - brandon walk along a concrete jetty - a rusting building , oxidize and stain salt green , edging along the jetty until - brandon reach the edge of the jetty , look out - the lap of grey water beneath . 87 . brandon stand , a hangover kick in - and at once brandon be cry , the tear flow slow at first until they rush , like floodgates open . he reach for breath , try to stifle the howl emanate from he body , inconsolable now , flood with emotion - brandon sink squat to the ground , buckle in two , body shudder . the lap of the water steady now - brandon sob and sob and sob , a mess of snot and tear as he look out over the wide sweep of the Hudson River . Far off the drine of the freeway , the early evening trawl of traffic kick in - the froth of the tide back and forth , rise and break , back and forth . 112 int . platform . subway . morning . 112 brandon stand in he familiar spot on the platform , wait for the train that will take he to work . wearing a vacant face , the train pull into the station . brandon board . he take a seat automatically , as if pre-programmed . the train leave the platform . 113 int . train . subway . morning . 113 look into no man 's land , brandon feel the heat of someone 's gaze . as he instinctively look up to respond , a mixture of surprise , fear , excitement and doubt across he face . the pretty subway girl who we meet at the beginning of we story be stare down at brandon , this time in a more engage fashion . she look because she want to be look at . again , a dance begin . this time , she lead . engage , active , decisive . brandon 's face be fracture into many conflict emotion . it 's as if a magnet be draw he in , but at the same time he 's try to resist . at this moment , the pretty subway girl stand up , eyeing brandon as she make she way to the door , block brandon as the train pull in to she stop . 88. 114 int . platform . subway . morning . 114 the train pull away from the station and disappear into the tunnel . we do not know if brandon be still aboard or have succumb to he urge . 115 the end 115