cnt , wes cd ay ( a ae 9 { p T be 0.a. INTERNATIONAL hanghai trlad a film by Zhang yi mou kristine andersett 10349 caribou Lane Los Angeles , CA 90077 24 , avenue Charles de gaulle 92200 neuilly - sur - seine roe rpe CO cs rco ee Te 46 2437 28 Alpha film . shanghai studios and ugc image present shanghai triad yao a yao , yao dao wai pe qiao a film by zhang yi mou World sale ugc -da copywright Alpha film , shanghai studios and ugc image scene 1 ext / late afternoon port , light scend ea ee eee rain 1 . a horde of passenger be disembark from a ferry - boat . hundred of face . luggage of different shape and size . multi-coloured umbrella . 2 , shui sheng . a youth arrive from the country , be completely lose in the throng . carry a small case in he hand . he be sweep forward by the crowd descend from the boat . 3 , as he walk down the gang - plank , shui sheng catch glimpsis of the building of the shanghai bund of the 1930 's over the drench back and drip umbrella of the passenger . 4 . shui sheng scan the wait crowd . look for he uncle , he eve nervously flitting from face to face . '' . the rain pour down on the huge building , which rise up over the top of the scrum of umbrella . 6 , shui sheng be both excited and nervous . he stand up on tiptoe . to stare at this huge building unlike anything out in the country . 7 . a umbrella burst open in front of he , completely block he vision . scene 2 ext / late afternoon __road_near_the port on a a light _rain 1 . shui sheng pull he jacket over he head to protect he from the rain . he look lose and continue to scan the quayside for sign of he uncle . 2 . gradually the huge crowd drift away . only puddle be leave . reflect the grey sky . 3 . shui sheng , clutching a bundle to he chest . prop himself up against telegraph pole . his case be at he foot , on the wet pavement . the rickshaw scurry past . shui sheng look up and stare at the electric cable spin out from the top of the pole . + . the camera follow he gaze . 5 , shui sheng hear he name be cail . 6 . a heavily laden lorry skid to a halt in front of he . Three man in western - style suit be squeeze into the cabin . a middle - age man open the door and jump down . 7 , shui sheng recognise the man and call to he timidly . shui sheng Liu shu ! ( Liu shu be shui sheng 's uncle . he be the triad 's number six ) 8 . Liu shu head over to shui sheng and slap he affectionately on the cheek . liu shu ( loudly ) there you be ! you have grow . how be you father ? shui sheng very well . liu shu and you mother ? shui sheng she 's well also . liu shu I be late . I be scared you might have get lose . shui sheng my mother tell I to wait for you by a telegraph pole , if you be not here when the boat dock . and not to move . liu shu nsmile ) quite right . shanghai be very different from ' the province . it can be dangerous if you get lose . Liu shu lean forward to pick up the case , nod towards the lorry and say to he nephew : liu shu get in the back and hold on . I be go to take you for a ride around shanghai . scene 3 ext / evening rue do shanghai rain 1 . the streetlight have come on . like magical mirror . the puddle in the road reflect the building , which recede as shui sheng hurtle backwards down the street . ( a series of shot from the child 's viewpoint . in the 1930 's motor vehicle could move very quickly 's through the street of shanghai . ) 2 . shui sheng see different colour whirling around he . 3 . he be sit on pile of sack in the back of the lorry . look constantly from leave to right . he hold a waterproof cloth over he head to protect he from the rain , and with the other hand cling to the side - rail so as not to fall out . 4 . the neon light blur as the lorry speed past . 5 . shui sheng open he eye wide with delight . the wind whistle around he ear , he head switch from side to side like a mechanical toy , take in the many different colour and noise of the chaotic city . scene 4 ext / evening warehouse ___ rain en 1 . the lorry draw to a halt in the shadow at the river 's edge . the motor cut out take with it the city 's brouhaha . 2 . the lorry have stop in front of the large wooden door of a warehouse . the honk of the lorry 's horn penetrate the silence . 3 . the bloat face of a shaven -headed man appear through a small open in the door . . 4 . Liu shu lean out of the lorry and give a strange signal to the man . - 3 3 . with a loud creak of its hinge . the wooden door sw ing inwards . the steel cable hold the door uncoil noisily . the dark entry of the warehouse appear like a gape mouth ready to eat the lorry . footstep ring out hollowly give the impression that the warehouse be very large and empty . two group of man dress in black appear on both side of the door . 6 . Liu shu move towards the door flanke by two of he man . his expression be very serious and he be clearly on he guard . with one hand stuff firmly in he pocket . he walk into the warehouse itself . follow by he two acolyte , each with a hand in he pocket also . 7 , from the back of the lorry , shui sheng look on curiously . the rain have stop . 8 . he catch sight of another group of man in the warehouse , all stand in the same way : leg apart and one hand in a trouser pocket . in the middle of the group , Liu shu be in whisper discussion with the shaven -headed man , who look up and glance over at the lorry . 9 , bundle of empty sack fall one after the other to the ground . 10 . the shaven-heade man along with some of the black - clothed man be kick this bundle hastily out of the back of the lorry . 11 . they unload half of the lorry 's content in this way to reveal a large trunk . 12 . they suddenly stop they activity . the shaven-heade man make to lift the trunk . 13 , see that the trunk be very heavy , shui sheng , who have be stand next to the lorry , move forward to help . just then , a voice ring out : liu shu ( v/ of - harshly ) shui sheng ! : 14 , Liu shu , in the shadow of the warehouse , be not completely visible . the deathly slience merely amplify the sound of he voice . 15 . his shout bring shui sheng up short . 1g . the shaven-heade man puil the trunk out of the lorry and carry it into the warehouse . the other man form a close circle round the trunk . a man wear a long chinese robe emerge from the shadow , he bang on the trunk with he hand , before approach Liu shu . they each stretch out they hand , link the ring - finger of they right hand and shake hand in this way . 17 . intrigue , shui sheng watch the movement of the man in the warehouse . he look up as he hear the sound of a car arrive . 18 . a black car cross the pool of light throw by a streetlight at the corner of the warehouse and pull up in front of the door . 19 , the car-door open and a young man in a suit jump out . he walk round the front of the car and ostentatiously open the rear door on the passenger side . a man of about thirty year old . wear a well - cut suit and glass , get out . his dress make he look like vaguely professorial , but it be clear by he manner that he importance be not merely paedogological . Liu shu hurry over to he . liu shu ( bow ) song er ye ! 20 . song er ye 's sole reply be a nod of the head . ' together they walk towards the warehouse . as they pass in front of shui sheng . song er ye pause . liu shu ( hastily ) his name be shui sheng . the master himself tell he to come to the city . ( turn towards shui sheng ) shui sheng ! come quickly ! say hello to song er ye. shu ] sheng song er ye ! ( in chinese , '' song er ye " alone be consider polite ) 22 . song er ye look shui sheng up and down , and then without a word he lead the group into the warehouse . the door be close on shui sheng . leave he alone with the lorry in front of the warehouse . 23 . shui sheng settles down on the sack throw from the lorry . night be fall , the puddle leave from the afternoon rain now reflect the moon 's bright light . . 24 , through a crack in the door , shui sheng observe what be happen inside the warehouse . thus he see the shaven - dhead man force open the trunk and the man in traditional dress lean forward to inspect its content . the door have cut off one of the few source of light in the warehouse , force shui sheng to peer in to distinguish the shadow , in turn , song er ye approach the trunk . the other man straighten up , motion towards song er ye and say something to he while gesticulate . 25 . shui sheng be get bored . he turn away and scan the city sky-line . 26 . the light on the huge building of the bund form a sea of star , both intrigue and luxurious . as he imagination begin to take he awy over this horizon , a deafen gunshot ring out in the warehouse . 27 . shui sheng turn quickly back to the crack in the door . the shaven -headed man appear to have fall to one side of the trunk . he be try to pull himself to he foot . 29 . sound of people run , the man in traditional dress and some of he mob burst out of a side door and head off down the street . 30 . shui sheng be unable to clearly distinguish what be happen inside the warehouse . he can only see song er ye. look still more serious , walk slowly towards the shaven-heade man . the injure man be rack with spasm . shui sheng hear two more gunshot and see he body slump to the floor motionless . 31 . shui sheng. surprised by the rapidity and almost game - like simplicity of all he have witness . be leave gape . 32 . song er ye walk towards the door . shui sheng can see he take a carefully fold white handkerchief from he pocket . which he shake open and use to thoroughly wipe the barrel of he gun . his expression be calm , as if nothing have happen . scene 5 ext / evening STREET - lorry 1 , Liu shu. he eye hood over . grip the steering - wheel and stare at the road ahead . shui sheng be seat at he side , think about the event at the warehouse . he risk a sidelong glance at he uncle . shui sheng lui shu , what happen earlier ? liu shu it 's none of you business ! just keep what you see to yourself . shui sheng dare not speak . he watch the electric streetlight through the cabin 's window . 2 . the road be still wet and the light on both side rush by like multi-coloured ribbon . 3 . Liu shu light a cigarette before speak : liu shu do not be in such a hurry to help next . time ! shui sheng my mother tell I that life in the city make people lazy . they all keep they hand in they pocket . she make I swear not to become lazy like they . Liu shu 's expression darken even further . and he say something whose meaning escape shui sheng : liu shu be in a hurry will make you lose you head one of this day ! you mother do not understand this thing ! shui sheng remain silent . Liu shu exhales noisily . liu shu {more kindly ) in shanghai . know when to help and when not to , when to put you hand in you pocket and when to take it out , be a real art . you must listen to what [ tell you . and do what I tell you to do . get it ? shui sheng nod he head . just then , a clock begin to chime over they head . shui sheng lean out of the window to look . 4 . the clock - tower recede from he view , chime seven time in all . 5 . his curiosity be awaken and he forget the previous conversation . shui sheng Liu shu , what 's that . liu shu it 's a clock . shanghai 's iron cock . he pull shui sheng back inside the lorry 's cabin . liu shu stop it ! even with a eve in the back of you head . you could not see all there be to see in shanghai . all this look leave and right , it 's as if you have never see anything . we be both from the Tang clan , and if the master ask I to fetch you here , it 's because of you name , the master only trust the man of we clan . the tang be respected throughout shanghai . do not be such a bumpkin ! you understand ? shui sheng ( sagely ) yes. | understand . scene 6 ext / evening entry to the tang property 1 . a tall , muscular man , dress in black open the door to they . he scrutinise the case shui sheng be carry . Liu shu this be shui sheng . he have just come up from the country . the man give no reply . he move forward to take the case from the boy 's grasp . 2 . as he come into the light , shui sheng notice a scar tun from right to leave across he face as if it be cut in two . 3 . he have barely the time to conceal he surprise and the case be already in the man 's hand . 4 . the man in black adroitly sift through the case , its content be make up of everyday item give to shui sheng by he mother just before he leave . 5 . shui sheng have hold of Liu shu by the back of he jacket , which make he uncle smile . liu shu this be master Tang 's house . who be you scared of ? scene 7 ext / evening the MAIN house 1 . the main building of the residence be a three - storey western - style house . fiower-pot and indoor plant have be place along each staircase . the lawn which run round the house have be plant with plane - tree . through they leave . the light of several room be visible and illuminate the facade of the house . the driveway lead up to the front door be line with black limousine . which appear to be guard by a number of man dress in black who pace up and down . 2 . Liu shu lead shui sheng towards the building , walk over the shadow of the plane - tree . 3 . the man and he nephew have they identity check by the man dress in black who recede back into the shadow as soon as they recognise Liu shu . scene 8 int / night . the tang property 1 , Wall -light and hang lamp diffuse a peaceful orange light all the way down a marble corridor . Liu shu lead shui sheng towards the stair at the ' end of the corridor , receive the greeting of the many servant on the way . 2 . it be the first time that shui sheng have see a room of such luxury . his eve open wide with astonishment as he tread carefully down the marbie floor . still cling to Liu shu 's jacket . his eye continue to flick from leave to right . 3 . chinese - style lantern have be place against the marble wall , each one define a coloured space before it . above the staircase , wooden lantern bear chinese character . spell out the word " honest and direct " . + . one of the hang lamp resemble a glow bush . 10 ( suddenly ) it 's truly good to have a lot of money . liu shu have money ? it 's not just that . in shanghai . if someone give you a coin , we master will already have touch it . shui sheng pass he case from one hand to the other . shui sheng how do one get a lot of money ? liu shu everyone who come to shanghai ask the same question : " how can I earn easy money ? " it depend , you have to obey it 's word . shui sheng what ? money can talk ? what language do it speak ? liu shu at the moment , it 's talk a shanghai dialect . shui sheng ( abruptly ) I want to obey it ! when I have a lot of money , I will go back home and open a tofu shop . liu shu ( burst out laugh ) you really be a little peasant ! when you have a lot of money , you can have anything you want in shanghai . a tofu shop be nothing . 11 scene 9 int / day . bathroom 1 , the water gush down into the bath . 2 . shui sheng 's head emerge from the water . he wipe the water from he eve and look around . 3 . the bathroom be very large . fill with whirling cloud of steam which filter the light . shui sheng lean he head against the edge of the bath . his hair be plaster over he eye make he look slightly ridiculous . his face be very close to that of Liu shu . 4 . shui sheng find this funny . he smile , and notice that Liu shu be ina good mood decide to ask he : shui sheng how be my great-uncle ? 5 . liu shu ( raise he eyebrow ) you great-uncle ? who be you great-uncle ? shui sheng my mother tell I I have to call he that . . Liu shu give he a gentle slap . liu shu you be not in the province here ! this be shanghai ! the master rule shanghai , even the foreigner respect he . who do you think you be to dare call he that ? shui sheng what should I call he then ? 12 liu shu you must call he " master " . do you understand ? shui sheng yes , I understand . 10 . Liu shu give a nod of satisfaction and get to he foot . liu shu I be right to bring vou here . even a idiot can become intelligent if he name be Tang . let I soap you down . 11 , Liu shu wash shui sheng 's hair , which be a completely new experience for he . with soap sud run down he body . liu shu this soap come from Japan . just one wash will get rid of all the smell you have be carry around . even the Tang family servant cannot be allow to be the laugh - stock of the street . shui sheng wipe the lather from he face . shui sheng what be I to do for the master ? liu shu ( smile ) you ? you want to serve the master ? you have to train for many year before even think of that . 12 , shui sheng wipe he face once more and look up . liu shu you be go to serve a woman . shui sheng ( disappointed ) no ! I do not want to ! liu shu ( whisper and smile ) it 's not just any woman . it 's the master 's woman . he buy she ten vear ago . and now she be the most famous singer in shanghai . shui sheng ( annoyed ) I do not know how to serve a lady . liu shu nobody 's ask you to become the master . to be a servant be just a matter of training . shui sheng I do not want to . liu shu you do not want to ? okay then , but you can not change you mind after you have see she . shui sheng who be she ? 13 . Liu shu rinse he hand in the water . liu shu who be she ? I have known she for ten year , but all that I know about she be that she name be xiao jin bao and that she be bear in the Year of the snake . and that 's what the master tell I . 14 . Liu shu dip he head into the water , then stand up and shake it vigourously . 14 liu shu there be many people who want to work for the Tang family . you know . to get a job here , you spend a month on trial and only if you get through that can you really say you have be take on . do not you want to learn ? if I have manage to get where I be today , it 's because | never say " no " in this house . a young bird do not realise how big the forest be . many people in shanghai have drown in the huang Bu river , and do you know why ? because they dare to utter that word . and you . you have manage to say the word '' no " whilst still a boy . if I be not here . you would not even be a servant . work well , okay . shui sheng okay . scene 10 ext / night the CITY of pleasure ee not cli of pleasure 1 . the neon light flicker in the night all along the road and be reflect below by the wet street , which be bustling with people and car rush by like beetle . whose back reflect the light once more . the noise of the crowd and car-horn intermingle . 2 . the night - club be call " the City of pleasure " . the character of its name be make up of different coloured neon tube , but the constantly change colour make the chinese character lose they form . scene 11 int / night _the CITY of pleasure 1 , the cabaret be decorate in a gaudy luxurious style . it be full of people and very noisy . light and noise mix colour the smokey atmosphere . the music be very loud . on the curve stage a group of tap - dancer be perform . 2 . shui sheng have new clothes and he hair glisten , with a parting in the middle . he follow Liu shu past several brightly - light table . the stage in front both excite and scare he . 15 3 . Champagne . ice. ties. watch .... 4 . westerner . chinese . western suit . chinese tunic ... '' , woman who burst out laugh . Men who dance ... 6 . shanghai be a word which describe very well the image of the city : a stormy ocean for that who dive into it . ( shan mean " over " and also " to enter " . Hai mean " sea " . thus shanghai mean both '' over the sea " and " enter the sea " . ) and in this ocean , Liu shu be prove to be a real life - buoy for shui sheng . he hold onto he uncle 's hand . follow hesitantly as if he could be sweep away with the merest false step . 7 . the tap - dancer finish they show to rouse applause . 8 . Liu shu select a table near the stage and order a whisky for himself and a ice-cream for shui sheng . when the order arrive , he put the ice-cream in front of shui sheng and nod to he to eat it . the boy take a mouthful and put he hand to he lip , surprised by the coldness of it . he shyly look up at Liu shu. Liu shu lean back in he chair and smile kindly at he . 9 . the musician come back on stage . the drummer skilfully twirl he stick around he finger and the trumpetist start up . the customer become even more animated . the curtain draw back to reveal a dozen girl on stage , all wear very short skirt . they begin a wild dance under flash light . 10 , shui sheng be still eat he ice-cream but he eye open wide at the spectacle of so many pretty and bouncy girl . 11 . a woman in a scarlet dress make she entry , provoking shout and applause from the audience . 12 . just like everybody else , Liu shu smile and clap . he lean over to shul sheng , and whisper into he ear . liu shu and that be xiao jin bao ! 13 . shui sheng gaze attentively at the stage . 16 14 . niao jin bao walk forward to greet the audience . then she begin to dance to the rythm of the music . throw seductive smily into the crowd of admirer . before the applause have fully abate . she approach the microphone and start to sing : xiao jin bao ( sing ) " hypocrite ! hypocrite ! what 's the use of be such a hypocrite ! if vou have something to say , just say it ! there 's no point stammer ... " 15 , the audience applaud at the end of each line and some go down to the dance - floor . they dance imitate the movement of the girl on stage , make the atmosphere increasingly raunchy . 16 . Liu shu lean over to shui sheng while watch the stage with a admire smile . liu shu have you ever be bitten by a tortoise ? shui sheng find it hard to understand what Liu shu be say amidst the noise of the music and the audience . he continue to stare at the stage . lui shu put he glass down and , in annoyance , take shui sheng by the chin with he right hand and forcibly turn he head towards he . liu shu have you ever be bitten by a tortoise ? shui sheng look at he , unsure . then turn back to the stage , once more , Liu shu take he head and turn it away from the stage . at this point , Liu shu 's mouth be almost touch shui sheng 's nose . 17 liu shu you really deserve to be bitten by a tortoise . when it bite into you , you must not move . if you move you show that you be scared , and if you be scared , the tortoise just bite harder and harder . if you can stand the pain . control you fear and simply look at it . there 's a good chance the tortoise will simply let go after a moment . shui sheng nod . the audience be still shouting and clap . Liu shu look back to the stage . with a smile . 17 . xiao jin bao be still sing accompany she voice with voluptuous movement . she repeat : xiao jin bao '' hypocrite ! hypocrite ! what 's the use of be such a hypocrite ! if you want to look , just look ! there 's no point peeping ... " 18 . Liu shu watch the show out of the corner of one eye , with he head lean slightly to the leave . liu shu when she arrive in shanghai . she be barely you size , and she be even more of a bumpkin . the master buy she and turn she into a star for he own pleasure . what matter , be the master 's pleasure . and because of she , the master send he own wife out into the country . who now would dare say anything against she ? she 's a real whore ! she think that the master will always take she side and so she treat all of we like she servant . she take herself very seriously . 18 liu shu ( cont ) when the master get rid of she , all that will be leave will be the whore ! but she 's not stupid , she do not believe what anybody say , not even the master . for she , there be no truth here , she make money for the master . and in bed she allow he to save money . the only thing she know how to do be to give the master pleasure with the help of she two tofus ! 19 . shui sheng so if I have my shop one day . I could give the master tofu to make he even happier . 20 . Liu shu turn he head slowly to look at shui sheng , give he a odd smile . in a slightly sadistic way , he raise the little finger of he clench hand . liu shu you can keep you tofu for yourself . let she look after the master . incredibie !! Liu shu scrutinise xiao jin bao from head to foot . liu shu ( to himseif ) she 's quite incredible ! the master often say that he 's never meet a woman like she . she will do anything for he pleasure . 21 . xiao jin bao roll she hip slowly , as she seductive eye roam around the room , offer themselves equally to all the man present . she wear a smile as complex as a poppy flower , both seuctive and dangerous . as she end she song , the audience clap and whistle even louder than before . she then disappear graciously behind the curtain . 22 . Liu shu tug at shui sheng 's sleeve . 19 scene 12 int / night . backstage ne 1 . Liu shu lead shui sheng down a long corridor full of dancer . ww . they make - up face be barely visible in the dim light . 3 . yet the face be so close to he and so strange that shui sheng become nervous . his step falter . +. Liu shu turn to speak to he . liu shu remember . you only call she " mistress " from now on . you be she servant , at all time . scene 13 int / night dressing room 1 . Liu shu knock on the wooden door with a curl index finger . even as he do so , he unwittingly bend at the waist . shui sheng notice this change of attitude . xiao jin bao enter ! Liu shu grasp the door handle . turn it and push the door open with great care . scene 14 int / night . dressing room 1 . once the door be open , shui sheng see a old mirror on the wall opposite , and reflect in the mirror , he see xiao jin bao lie nonchalantly on a couch : she have she leg rest on the dress table and , between they , a pack of cigarettes and a golden lighter . she yank the golden comb from she hair and throw they against the mirror . 2 . with a metallic chink , the comb bounce back off the mirror and fall onto the table . 3 . Liu shu nudge shui sheng and whisper to he : 20 liu shu say hello to you mistress . shui sheng mistress . 4 . xiao jin bao do not reply . she be stare via the mirror at a dresser stand near the door . xiao jin bao ( to the dresser ) come closer . the dresser , hold she cross palm to she stomach , come to stand in front of the singer . 5 . xiao jin bao turn to look at she . xiao jin bao turn round . the dresser mechanically turn she back to xiao jin bao . she seem very tense . 6 . xiao jin bao ( lightly stroking the dresser 's behind ) mmm , not bad . I can see why all the client want to paw you . the dresser turn back to face xiao jin bao : she be flustered . xiao jin bao ( smile ) at least , you do not let they get away with it for nothing , eh ? xiao jin bao briskly thrust she hand into the girl 's cleavage and bring out a silver coin . she stare directly into the girl 's eye , which be beginning to resemble that of a cower cat . 21 xiao jin bao you think you could hide it , eh ? wherever you stash it away , I will always find it . the dresser be no longer able to speak . xiao jin bao slap she on the behind with the silver coin . xiao jin bao listen to what I be go to say . you bottom belong to you , but this be my house , so what the client give you for touch it be mine . that 's the rule . the dresser ( almost in tear ) yes , mistress ! 10 , xiao jin bao smile once more and slip the coin back into the girl 's cleavage . xiao jin bao just this once , you can keep the money . the dresser ( hastily - joyfully ) yes , mistress ! 11 . xiao jin bao turn and look at herself in the mirror . as she do so , the smile seep from she face . xiao jin bao .. but rule be rule . I can not strectch they for you , I will dock it from you pay . just so that you remember . you mave go . 12 . the dresser leave . 13 . xiao jin bao serve herself a glass of wine and look at shui sheng through the mirror . it be a very icy stare . xiao jin bao ( to herself ) this time , they have send I a young cock . 14 . Liu shu push shui sheng in the back , force he forward somewhat reluctantly . he come to a halt behind xiao jin bao . who be still stand in front of the mirror . reflected in the mirror , we now see shui sheng 's face next to that of niao jin bao . 15 . without turn round . xiao jin bao stretch she hand out to shui sheng 's neck . her hand be cold , make shui sheng hunch up he shoulder . xiao jin bao squeeze shui sheng 's neck . he remain completely freeze as she place she thumb on he throat . she look at he in the mirror . xiao jin bao how old be vou . thirteen or fourteen ? liu shu ( replying for shui sheng ) fourteen . xiao jin bao look intensely at shui sheng . xiao jin bao ( pensively ) fourteen ... have you ever sleep with a woman ? liu shu ( tense ) miss ... shui sheng ( unhesitatingly ) yes . xiao jin bao . ( bring she head level with shui sheng 's . and whisper ) who with ? shui sheng with my mother , when I be little . xiao jin bao ah , with you mother when you be little . what 's you name ? liu shu ( hastily ) shui sheng . xiao jin bao and you surname ? she spin round to face Liu shu . xiao jin bao let he answer for himself . shui sheng ( swallow hard ) Tang . my name be Tang . xiao jin bao ( deliberately ) t-a-n-g . she hold she expression for a moment . mouth open , then quickly stand straight . xiao jin bao I like he . 19 . slvly , Liu shu give a sigh of relief . 20 . xiao jin bao take the packet of cigarettes and she lighter and sit down . xiao jin bao ( kindly ) could you light I a cigarette ? 24 21 . shui sheng look at she questioningly . shui sheng where be the match ? xiao jin bao hand he the lighter and put a cigarette in she mouth . shui sheng take hold of the gold lighter . he hear Liu shu whisper over he shoulder . liu shu it 's a lighter . shui sheng look at the lighter from every angle , but still can not work out how to spark it . Liu shu move to show he but a reproving look from xiao jin bao stop he dead in he track . 22 . xiao jin bao flip the lighter 's top and put shui sheng 's thumb on the flint-wheel . a flame jump out at the first go . xiao jin bao ( to Liu shu ) he 's smart ! 23 . shui sheng try to work the lighter a second time . it spark but no flame appear . 24 . Liu shu take a box of match from he pocket , light one and walk over to xiao jin bao , who merely look at he , without move . he stop . 25 . out of the corner of she eye , xiao jin bao watch the match burn down until the flame reach Liu shu 's finger . 26 . the lighter fall from shui sheng 's dumbstruck grasp . Liu shu jump forward to pick it up . liu shu what be you do ? you good -for-nothing ! shui sheng be speechless , he eye fill with tear . Liu shu cup the lighter in he hand and offer it to xiao jin bao . his voice soften . 25 liu shu forgive he , miss ! forgive he ! 27 . xiao jin bao take the cigarette from she mouth and break it in two . she stand up . xiao jin bao forget it ! it 's not important ! no member of the Tang family can be make to ask forgiveness ... let 's go . the master be wait for I . scene_15 ext / night the tang property 1 . when xiao jin bao 's beautiful black limousine draw up . there be already many other shine , black car in the driveway , surround by the usual black - clad . smoking bodyguard . the main building be well light and a aura of calm seem to reign over the house . 2 . Liu shu get out of the car first . he carefully open the side door . allow a tired - look xiao jin bao to get out . hold she gown to one side . liu shu ( loudly ) shui sheng ! hurry up and help the lady to she quarter . 3 . shui sheng jump out of the car to receive the make - up case which Liu shu thrust into he hand . 4 . the butler arrive to tell she of the master 's arrival . butler miss , the master have return . song er ye and Zheng San ye have also arrive . xiao jin bao glance at the long line of car in the driveway . without look at anyone in particular , she nod to show that she have understand and set off for the house , swinging she hip generously . 26 scene 16 int / night tang house . 1 . shui sheng carry the case and follow xiao jin bao step by step . Liu shu be still at he side . liu shu remember the way . in the future . every time that she visit , you must bring she anything she require . 2 . the marble glisten under the multi-coloured light in the luxurious corridor . xiao jin bao , wear a traditional costume , continue to swing she hip , aware that two pair of eye be follow she every movement . 3 . shui sheng wear a nervous look . Liu shu also . as they reach a corner . he spit and whisper a string of insult . liu shu look at that trollop ! when she wear western clothes , she look like a white whore , and when she wear traditional clothes , she look like a chinese country whore . scene 17 int / night the master' bedroom 1 . Liu shu push open the heavy , polished door of the bedroom . xiao jin bao go through . as he watch she enter , shui sheng notice that there be another door inside . Liu shu close the first door from the outside . liu shu miss , should I ask the master to come ? xiao jin bao yes . 2 . the two man be leave stand in a large lounge , decorate in rich - look gold colour . Liu shu turn to shui sheng and say : 27 liu shu pay attention . when the lady have go into the bedroom , you must wait here . Liu shu lean against the wall , show shui sheng how he should stand . liu shu and you must not fall asleep . you just wait , like this . and pass on message if the master or the Lady want to eat or drink . 3 . he point to a servant , sit motionless in front of a door on the other side of the room . which lead to a pantry stock with all kind of product . from the most refine to the most ordinary . liu shu he will prepare everything and , only when they for it , you bring it in . do you understand ? shui ] sheng yes . | understand . liu shu ( still anxious ) show I how you must stand . shui sheng stand against the wall just like he have be show . liu shu ( satisfied ) not bad . now remember this . shui sheng . the more you like something , the less you should look at it . even if you want to look at it , do so with you heart , not with you eye . for if you stare at something , you become stupid . for the time be , you be merely the lady 's servant , but in a few year , you too will be somebody in shanghai . once you have be accept as part of the family , nothing will ever be the same . do you understand what I have say ? - 28 shui sheng yes . liu shu now. let 's go now and ask the master to come . scene 18 _ int / night by the dine room 1 . through the gap in the glass partition . shui sheng see four man sit around a redwood table beneath a sumptuous chandelier . there be obviously tension in the air . 2 . Liu shu and shui sheng be seat on a couch in a next - door room . without take he eye off the four man in the dining room , Liu shu lean over to shui sheng . liu shu if the master be in conference with he Brothers . as he be now , you can not just walk in . the master often repeat that we must wait here until he have finish he meeting . the most banal subject of discussion between the brother be more important than any other matter ... .. song er ye be the master 's most value brother . he 's the one you see at the warehouse . he be like Zhu ge liang ( a 3rd century strategist ) . he be both intellectual and a man of action . if he like you , you have nothing to fear for the rest of you life . the bulky one be Zheng San ye , the master 's favourite . he merely have to open he eye for shanghai to become quiet and docile . he be the audacious one , always the first in the front line . he be easily angere ... the old one be Tang shi ye ( shi ye mean " steward " ) . he be a blood relation of the master , the one he confide in the most . he look after all the master 's business and be the only other person of any importance among the tang ... 29 liu shu ( {cont . ) you must pay great attention to this three man . to greet they . you just look up once and then lower you eye to the floor . thereafter , make you eye retreat into you ear and keep both wide open . do you understand ? 4 . the master look about fifty year old . he be neither tall nor very muscular . he wear a silk chinese costume beneath he shaven head . his crease face and slightly arched back do not give the impression that he be the master . only he well - trim moustache and he well - cut dress discreetly indicate he rank as the triad 's number one . 5 . song er ye be as elegant as ever . he talk calmly , despite he fiddling with the frame of he glass . shui sheng have difficulty compare he now with the man he see with the revolver in the warehouse . 6 . Zheng San ye have move over to the window and be look out . he have he hand on he hip and the movement of he shoulder betray he rise anger . 7 . Tang shi ye be sit next to a large clock . in he boney hand he hold a hookah , which , when he puff on it , accentuate he hollow cheek . _ he open the water chamber contain a abacus , which he use to calculate . slide the bead up a down with one very long nail . he then hand the pipe to the master , who silently contemplate the abacus . 8 . Liu shu continue talk . liu shu the master have the rank of tong in the ding triad . number two and number Three be of the next generation , thus of wou rank . there be a shoot - out on the bund and the master save they life . afterwards they hold a religious ceremony to become Brothers . that 's why he be the master . his temperament have allow he to build power and authority ... 9 . shui sheng listen attentively to Liu shu , whilst gaze fixedly at the master , then song er ye and Zhang San ye . 30 shui sheng can not hear what they be say and he mind start to wander . just then a ringing noise bring he back to what be happen in the room . 10 . Liu shu look up . he walk over to the telephone and pick up the receiver . liu shu hello . the conversation stop as soon as the other man hear this word . later , shui sheng discover that the black object he uncle be hold be know as " electric word . " . have answer very soberly . a broad smile break out over Liu shu 's face . as though he have hear something which make he very happy . he subconciously bow slightly . . liu shu it 's boss yu . 11 . they all come over to where Liu shu stand with the telephone . 12 liu shu ( whisper ) it 's fat yu. 13 . the master what 's happen ? 14 , Liu shu look up at song er ye before replying . liu shu it 's about this afternoon 's delivery . 15 . the master this afternoon 's delivery ? he go over to the telephone , which mak he amile hus as much as Liu shu . 31 the master ah. boss yu , it 's be a long time since we see each other . I be sorry about you son 's birthday . that day , at suzhou ... the master fall silent and listen attentively . his expression blacken . 16 . song er ye look calmly at Liu shu . 17 . the master .. yes , yes , boss yu. let I look after it . of course . of course . the master utter several '' well 's '' , try hard to keep the smile on he face . then he hang up . he come over to song er ye . the master number two , you be get back into bad habit . why let the smail - fry annoy you ? why accord they so much importance ? 18 . zheng san ye what have number two do ? 19 . song er ye ( calmly ) when we deliver this afternoon , Lao Wu , one of yu 's man , insulted the master . I could not help myself and I shot he . 20 , Zheng San ye glance up at song er ye . 32 zheng san ye ( lightly ) it 's just another corpse . do a day go by without someone die ? we will just have to pay a little compensation . what 's more , number two be defend the master 's honour . 21 . the master cross he hand behind he back . the master it 's easy to shit . but harder to clear up somebody else 's . ( to the intendant ) ihave to go out . the intendant nod and go to prepare the departure . 22 , song er ye brother , be that really necessary ? you be take it all too seriously . the master I can not be see to lose face . 23 . song er ye brother , | be sorry to cause you problem , it be for I to go . the master wave away he protestation . song er ye ( to Zheng San ye ) have some man accompany he . zheng san ye fat yu be not bold enough as yet . song er ye put he arm round Zheng San ye song er ye it be the master who be go in person . we must be vigilant . 24 , the master be wait . he hand still cross behind he back . he look up and see shui sheng . who have remain by the telephone . 25 , Liu shu come forward hurriedly . liu shu ( smile ) master. this be shui sheng . he have just arrive from the country to serve xiao jin bao . he be a Tang - you cousin 's third nephew . ( to shui sheng} say hello to the master . shui sheng master ! 26 . the master appear lose in think and be no longer pay attention to shui sheng . the master ah. ... yes . the master leave follow by the other . 27 . and it be song er ye who look meaningfully at shui sheng as he leave . scene 19 int / night corridor 1 , the master stop abruptly just outside the door . 2 . xiao jin bao be stand in the corridor , she foot together and hand clasped in front of she . her bear be completely different from that she display earlier in the cabaret . she be beautiful and shy and look obediently at the master with she mouth close and she red lip apparently impatient with desire . 34 xiao jin bao ( in a low voice ) master ... 3 . the master scratch he head , obviously embarrassed by the situation . the master what be you do here ? 4 , the man who have be follow he out turn back into the room and close the door . leave the couple alone in the dimly - light corridor . the master approach xiao jin bao and stroke she cheek . the master ( eagerly ) you be not a woman , you be a she-devil ! xiao jin bao flash he a seductive look and lower she eye immediately . she take he leave hand and squeeze the index finger . xiao jin bao master , it 's now twelve day since I last serve you ... the master ( laugh ) I will be straight back ! do not worry , my sweet . I will be straight back ! the master extract he hand from xiao jin bao 's grasp and knock on the door . the other come out as if nothing have happen . 5 . xiao jin bao refuse to let he go so easily . xiao jin bao ( between she tooth ) which lucky whore be you go to see ? the master do not worry , I be go to see fat yu . I have business to discuss with he . 35 xiao jin bao I do not believe you . if you go . you must give I all you ring . the master ( smile ) okay then . here you be . he take off two ring . xiao jin bao turn to shui sheng . take he hand and slip the ring onto he finger . xiao jin bao _ ( to shui sheng ) you see . I do not ask he for money , I just want to look after he ring . the ring be . of course , too big for the boy 's finger . 10 . xiao jin bao look . how can you claim to be a Tang ? you be not really bear to rule , eh ! 11 . the whole group burst out laugh . meanwhile , the master have set off at a brisk pace . the master hurry ! hurry ! scene 20 . int / night . the master' bedroom 1 . shui sheng be carry a tray bear a cover bowl towards the master 's bedroom . scene 21 int / night . the ma : S bedroom 1 , shui sheng gently push open the bedroom door . 36 2 . he notice xiao jin bao sit on the bed . she be whisper into the telephone and seem tense and mysterious . the noise of shui sheng 's arrival surprise she and she hang up hurriedly . whan she see that it be only shui sheng , she cry out angrily . xiao jin bao why do not you knock before enter ? get out ! 3 . shui sheng go out again . he frees a hand from under the tray and knock . no reply . he try again . . xiao jin bao ( slowly ) what be it ? shui sheng it 's I . xiao jin bao who 's " I " ? shui sheng shui sheng . xiao jin bao start again . you have to say : " it 's the little peasant , shui sheng . xiao jin bao no . you must say you surname and then you name . shui sheng , in the corridor , feel tear of rage and humiliation welling up in he eye . he knock once more . shui sheng it 's the little peasant Tang shui sheng . there be a short silence . 37 xiao jin bao ( nastily ) come in . scene _22 int / night . the master' bedroom 1 . shui sheng enter with he tray . he keep he eye fix to the floor . suddenly , the tray crash to the floor . 2 . shui sheng stumble against a large mirror which shatter . he pull himself up and look aghast at the remain of the mirror . xiao jin bao 's face appear in one of the remain shard . along with shui sheng 's . she reflection be contort . 3 . shui sheng dare not turn round . his eye meet xiao jin bao 's in the mirror . there be a knock at the door . nobody answer . liu shu miss . the master have ask I to tell you that he will not be come home this evening . he must stay and play card with fat yu ... would you like to stay here or be escort home ? xiao jin bao ( angrily ) T will go home ! she stare at shui sheng 's reflection in the mirror . xiao jin bao ( gritting she tooth ) I will take care of you tomorrow , little peasant . scene 23 int / ext / night in the cai en 1 . xiao jin bao sit press into the passenger seat of the car as it drive through the desert street of shanghai . from he seat in the back , shui sheng can only see one side of she face , light by the streetlight . - 38 2 . Liu shu lean forward to talk to she . liu shu you must not get angry with he , miss . he be still young and need time to learn . xiao jin bao what can I possibly teach a member of the Tang clan ? you should ask the master that . Liu shu smile a embarrassed smile and fall silent . the car pass under intermittent streetlight allow shui sheng to glimpse the bright red lipstick wear by xiao jin bao . . 4 . his face gradually transform itself into a hostile grimace . scene 24 ext / night the courtyard of xiao jin _ ban' house 1 . the car draw to a halt in the courtyard of a small western -style two -storey house . scene 25 int / night xiao jin ban' house 1 . a long-face servant open the door to they , without uttering a word through she hailf - open lip . she be dress in black from head - to - toe , make she even more gloomy . 2 . she look at shui sheng stand next to Liu shu , with pierce eye , which make shiver run down he spine . shui sheng turn away to avoid she unpleasant scrutiny . 3 . the servant lead they into a half - moon shape room . the refinement of its décor distinguish it straightaway from the gaudiness of the master 's house . a small spiral staircase , of ancient design , be in the middle of the room . 4 . xiao jin bao start up the stair without turn round . 39 5 , expressionless , the servant wave to a room near the stair and follow she ~ mistress up the stair carry a porcelain bowl she have take from a low table . 6 . liu shu ( to shui sheng} she be dumb but not deaf . her tongue hasbeen cut out . shui sheng shiver at the very idea . scene 26 int / night . shui sheng bedroom 1 . Liu shu turn on alamp which cast a dim light over the few object in the room . 2 . he look around he and point to the bed . liu shu this be where you sleep . he then ring a smail bell which hang onthe wall over the bed : it make a crack sound . liu shu when this bell ring . it be the mistress call you . whatever you be do , evenif you be pee , you must run toher side as quickly as possible . you first word must always be , " mistress " . she will then tell you what she require . you must never look up at she and always keep you eye in you ear and both wide open . do you understand ? 2 . for the first time , shui sheng 's reply be not that which be expect of he . shui sheng I do not want to stay here . 3 , Liu shu be take aback . he turn round and look at the boy . liu shu ( forcefully ) shui sheng ! shui sheng ( stubborniy ) no . I do not want to stay here . Liu shu. he face twisted with anger , smack shui sheng across the face , almost make he fall over . liu shu . ( through gritt tooth ) do not force I to beat you ! do you think you have come here to be the Young master ? if you name be not Tang , what you have just say would be enough for I to put you in a sack and throw you in the river . remember . I have not mention the mirror yet ... if you do not do you work well , I shall send you back to the country . do you understand ? 5 . stream of tear flow down shui sheng 's face as he stroke he reddene cheek . shui sheng ( barely audible ) yes . 41 scene _27 int / night xiaq_ jin ban' house 1 . Liu shu come out of shui sheng 's bedroom and look up the spiral staircase . liu shu ( in a loud. calm voice ) mistress . I have explain everything to shui sheng . do not worry about anything . if you have no further need for I . | will go . scene 28 int / night xiaq_jin_bao's house 1 , xiao jin bao slowly walk down the stair . she be cover from head to foot in a long black cape . with just a small open for she eye . scene 29 int / night xiaq_ jin_ ban' house 1 . once at the bottom of the step . she stop and listen . and then walk towards she servant 's door . 2 . she take a key from she pocket and lock the door from the outside . her movement be quick and precise , suggest that she be use to perform this operation . 3 . next. she turn to shui sheng 's door . she put she ear to the door and listen . scene 30 int / night shui sheng bedroom 1 . shui sheng have failen asleep fully - clothed after he exhaust day . his face still bear the mark of he tear . scene 31 int / night . xiao _ jin ban' house 1 . xiao jin bao lock shui sheng 's door also . 42 scene 32 ext / night courtyard ee . 1 , xiao jin bao glide over the lawn in the silence of the night . in the house she leave : behind she . all be dark except the light from she own bedroom . scene 33 ext / night . backstreet 1 . xiao jin bao look out of the gate into the street . no . it be desert . 3 . she firmly close and lock the gate . scene 34 int / night . xiao _ jin ban' bedroom 1 . despite the late hour , xiao jin bao start to make herself up . 2 . she apply lipstick . make she lip a dark and sensual red . 3 . she varnish she toe and fingernails . 4 , she slip into a short black dress , which expose a generous amount of cleavage . 5 . xiao jin bao sit down at she dress table . massage she neck and look at she reflection in the mirror . G . the door behind she open slowly . it be song er ye. wear a dark suit and carry he shoe . he be out of breath . 7 . xiao jin bao do not move . 8 . song er ye close the door behind he and slide the bolt across . with a smile , he cross to where xiao jin bao be sit . 9 , his reflection join she 's in the mirror , both betray profound desire . the silence be shattered by one of song er ye 's shoe which drop to the floor . he turn out the lamp , but xiao jin bao turn it back on immediately . she then stand up and turn to face song er ye . she slip the cord which control the lamp -switch into he mouth . '' 10 . xiao jin bao take one step back and offer she slightly open lip to song er ye . song er ye move forward to put he mouth to hers and in do so , he turn out the lamp . in the half - light . they roll entwine on the rug . they accelerate breathe resonate in the absolute silence of the house . scene _35 int / night . shui sheng bedroom 1 . shui sheng wake from he nightmare with a start . he be soak in sweat and scan the room try to remember where he be . 2 . the small bell hang on the wall diffuse a yellowish glow . 3 . shui sheng be sit on the bed without move . his thin silhouette seem fragile and helpless . scene _ 36 ext / night . the courtyard 1 . night have at last fall over the house . all the light be now off . scene 37 int -ext / night . shui sheng bedroqm i. shui sheng be bent double on he bed , sobbing with unhappiness and homesickness . 2 . suddenly , he bedroom door open wide . xiao jin bao , wear a shawl , stand on the threshold the blueish light from the main room define she silhouette but leave she face in shadow . 3 . shui sheng stop cry and look up briefly before lowering he head once more . xiao jin bao ( coldiy ) when I arrive in shanghai . 1 be a year young than you . but I never once cry . who have mistreate you ? what be you cry for ? be not you suppose to be a Tang ? how can you be so weak ! hurry up and prepare I a bowl of warm milk . little peasant . xiao jin bao pull on the string which run down the door-jamb . the harsh sound of the bell ring out in the silence of the night . xiao jin bao turn on she heel and leave . 5 . shui sheng look up once more and wipe away he tear . he stare angrily at xiao jin bao 's back as she start up the stair . scene 38 ext / night the CITY of pleasure 1 . the building 's facade be illuminate by the same multi-coloured neon light as before . scene 39 int / night . dressing room ee no 1 . shui sheng wear a hostile expression . in he hand , he hold different object which xiao jin bao need to make herself up . 2 . xiao jin bao be carefully apply she lip-stick in front of the mirror . shui sheng 's reflection in the mirror cover one half of she face . 3 . suddenly , a woman of about forty burst in . woman mistress ! hurry , the master have arrive . 4 . xiao jin bao stop she make-up . xiao jin bao why be he here already ? 45 woman the master , song er ye , Zheng San ye . they be all here . { have hear that they have invite fat yu to come and hear you sing . the master request vou to sing , " beautiful flower in the moonlight " . mistress , you must get change quickly . xiao jin bao ( indifferently ) fat yu , that pervert she get wearily to she foot and let the woman take off she tunic . xiao jin bao shui sheng , give I my chinese dress . 7 . shui sheng quickly open the wardrobe , but be take aback by the number of costume it contain . he choose a violet coloured dress with a pattern similar to that which adorn the robe of taoist monk and hand it to xiao jin bao . 8 . xiao jin bao throw it back at he without even look at it , shouting angrily : xiao jin bao a chinese dress , I say ! do not you understand what that be ? I want a chinese dress ! you really be thick . do you think that the master come here to pray ? woman mistress , do not get angry with he . I will fetch it . scene 40 int / night . the CITY qf pleasure 1 . the master , song er ye and Zheng San ye be sit . round a tabie in the company of a very corpulent man . they all seem very relaxed . 46 2 . shui sheng carry a tray bear a tea-pot . cup and napkin . he have take up position behind the stage curtain . he watch the dancer who be dress in typical regional costume . 3 , xiao jin bao hurry towards the stage , do up the last button of she silver dress , follow by the woman from she dress room , who adjust she dress from time to time . as she pass shui sheng , she take a cup and gulp down some tea . before place the cup back on the tray , give the boy a very ugly look . but the moment she step out into the light , she coldness be transformed into a expression of warmth and seduction , as she begin to dance . 4 . the master be the first to applaud as she appear , quickly follow by the rest of the audience . 5 . xiao jin bao , copying the bear of a Southern chinese girl , sing : xiao jin bao the cloud disappear the limpid moon shine bright the joy of union between people drunk with joy . the inseparable swan cavort on the lake the twin lotus flower blossom ... 6 . Zheng San ye 's expression become rather tense . 7 . whereas in song er ye 's expression . there be something which he alone could explain . 8 . fat yu look lecherously at the stage , before lean over to whisper into the master 's ear . the master burst out laugh . the master you also , boss yu ! you also ! 9 . xiao jin bao look in the direction of the master 's table . lovingly , half close she eye . . . 10 . song er ye exchange barely perceptible complicitous look with she . . 47 11 . the master clearly think that xiao jin bao be direct she attention at he . he be in a very good mood . the master what do you think , boss yu ? fat yu ( smile ) it 's interesting to listen to she , but it 's even more interesting to watch . the master of all the song in she repertoire , this be the one I prefer . everybody in shanghai know this song . but when she sing it , it 's completely different from anyone else . listen to she ! be not it just like the caress of a feather on one 's ear ? ° 12 . song er ye have move down to the dance floor and be dance very elegantly with one of the dancer . 13 . Zheng San ye watch song er ye. with a broad smile on he face . 14 . song er ye do not let he eye drift from xiao jin bao for a second . 15 . and without lose step , xiao jin bao pay he the same attention . xiao jin bao couple love each other deeply like the breeze caress the flower happiness reign all over the world . 16 . in a dark corner of the wing , shui sheng have adopt a rather contort version of he usual position . he look leave and then right . he produce a cup from underneath the tray , into which he have apparently just relieved himself . it be quite clear for whom the joke be intend . 17 . shui sheng empty the cup into the tea - pot and shake it up . then , he fill ° acup with he mixture . 48 18 . on stage , xiao jin bao 's movement reveal a large slit in she dress . 19 , she continue sing and dance . 20 . the applause of the audience , mix with laugh male and female voice . the atmosphere be even more festive than usual . 21 . shui sheng hold he tray as before . he peep out onto the stage and into the audience . smile to himself . scene 41 int / night xiaq_ jin ban' bedroom 1 , xiao jin bao get out of she bath . she be dress in a long white robe and sit down at she dress table . she pour herself a glass of wine and toast she reflection in the mirror . 2 . song er ye gently push open the door , carry he shoe as before . he be freshly shaven . 3 . xiao jin bao be surprised . she turn to face he . xiao jin bao why do not you call I first ? you frighten I . 4 . song er ye draw closer with the intention of undoing the belt of she gown . xiao jin bao stop he hand . xiao jin bao the servant ' door be not lock . song er ye ( smile ) there 's only a mute and a little peasant . xiao jin bao shake off he hand . xiao jin bao the bumpkin be aiso a Tang . they be all bastard ! song er ye take he hand away and sit at the edge of the table . he help himself to she glass . song er ye you really do hate they , dont youl 5 . xiao jin bao turn back to the mirror and rub she hand over she face . xiao jin bao and you ? do not you hate they ? be careful not to let the master get wind of what you be do . you have be come too often recently . 6 . song er ye take a sip of wine . song er ye recently . he 's only have time for fat yu . he can not think of anything else . he believe that fat yu be be honest with he . but sooner or later , he will find out the hard way . xiao jin bao you shot fat yu 's man on purpose the other day . do not you ? it 's not you style to get annoyed over nothing . song er ye smile . song er ye everybody in shanghai know that I be frugal . it 's my reputation . but this time , it 's I that 's go to win . Tang will not be master for ever . there 's go to be more kill in shanghai , you will see . 7 . xiao jin bao look up and glance at song er ye 8 . song er ye ( casually ) 50 do not worry about all that . that 's not why i be here . he take xiao jin bao in he arm and kiss she neck . she press up against he . xiao jin bao do you love I ? song er ye ( smile ) what about you ? do you love I ? xiao jin bao push he away unhappily . song er ye frown . xiao jin bao I know what you be think about , you hypocrite . song er ye and I know better than you what you be think about . you only spread you leg with I , to get you own back on the master . I be the tool you use to humiliate he . l understand that now . 9 . xiao jin bao 's anger have be rise as he speak . she jump up . xiao jin bao and what be I to you ? the bed on which you take you revenge . you think it 's enough , to sleep with he woman to become number one , do not you ? you think that I can not read you mind ! but just who 's go to be number one in the end ? nobody know . she sit down again . 51 xiao jin bao do not touch I ! I be a honest woman . the master buy I , and i| belong to the master . 10 . song er ye bite he lip , look at the woman who be now rejecting he . her gown have slip to reveal she thigh . he be wild with anger . song er ye ( furiously ) I be the master now . he grab xiao jin bao by the hair and throw she to the floor . he tear up she gown . song er ye ( hiss ) I be the master ! I be the master ! xiao jin bao lash out with she foot and they both roll over onto the floor . in total silence ... scene 42 int / night . xiaq_jin_bao's house 1 , the spiral staircase narrow the higher one get . 2 . shui sheng go slowly up the stair . he hesitates before move towards xiao jin bao 's bedroom . scene 43 int / night xiaq_ jin ban' bedroom 1 , as the bedroom door get closer , the noise of object hit the ground and raise voice become louder . 2 . shui sheng stop in front of the door . he pause before push the door . 52 scene 44 int / night xiao _ jin ban' bedroom 1 . through the crack in the door , shui sheng see xiao jin bao in the process of break every object in the room . her white gown be tear , revealing she thigh and she back . her hair have come down and she break anything she can lay she hand on . xiao jin bao bastard ! how dare you treat I like a whore ? .. bastard ! you think that vou just have to fuck I to become the master . 2 . xiao jin bao 's chest be heaving as the anger and effort exhaust she . she throw herself on the floor , tear pour from she eye . she hide she face in she hand and sob . she be painfully aware of she loneliness and sadness . the silence of the night make she tear even more heart-rend . 3 . shui sheng watch xiao jin bao from outside she room . he be unaware of what have take place before , but . astonished to see such terrible sadness , he face take on a warm expression . scene 45 int / night . the CITY of pleasure : 1. xiao jin bao be on stage . go away ! go quickly ! evil man who still have my heart . 2 . once more the atmosphere be hot . the audience whistle and clap in time with the song . the City of pleasure be the club where the rich come to spend they money . 3 . the musician be play they heart out . 4 . the dancer swing they hip and twirl they hand . 5 . with she eye close , xiao jin bao sing on : xiao jin bao my heart be tired of you . you have exhaust my love . evil man ... evil man ... you can not see what you be ... mad ... 6 . as usual . shui sheng be stand in the wing , with he tray . he watch xiao jin bao as she force she smile and be unable to compare she to the woman of the night before . scene 46 int / night doorway_of the CITY of pleasure 1 . the master come out of the cabaret accompany by fat yu . they be both smile and slapping each other on the back . they be follow by four black - clad bodyguard . 2 . the master look at he pocket watch , wave to one of the guard who approach he . the master I be go to plat mah jong with boss yu. tell xiao jin bao that I shall be back late tonight and that she should wait for I . fat yu burst out laugh . scene 47 int / night the master' bedroom 1 . in the dark night , the wall light cast a dim light . shui sheng be stand against the wail in the position show he by he uncle . 2 . the camera move into close - up to show that shui sheng be in fact asleep . 3 . the silence be shattered by the screeching wheel of car pull up , door bang and run foot and shouting . shui sheng wake with a start . 54 scene 48 ext / night first floor balcony 1 , shui sheng look down into the courtyard as the quiet of the house be brutally disturb . 2 . a line of black car shudder to a halt in the courtyard , they door swing open and a number of man jump out carry corpse out with they . two group of man run from the house . the first go to help the man in the car . the other group disperse to the edge of the property . 3 . shui sheng , alert by the noise of load , notice the rifle each man be carry . scene 49 int / night . lobby 1 . the man run towards the bathroom . the guard carry a number of body between they . 2 . shui sheng look towards they . 3 . the revolve door continue to spin round long the man have go through . 4 +. shui sheng tiptoe forward . 5 . the man 's run create a breeze in the corridor . shui sheng hear the noise of a metalic object fall to the ground , and bounce off the marble several time with a tinny noise . 6 . shui sheng crouch down and move forward a few step . as he reach the corner , he walk on something in the half - light . the crunch on the marble make he jump . he bend down to pick up the object and hold it to the light . 7 , aknife . he feel something clammy on its hilt . he change hand to look at the outstrectch finger of he right hand , closer to the light . 8 . shui sheng realise that he hand be cover with blood . his mouth open but no sound come out . his hand let the knife fall to the floor . make the same metalic noise as before . he look up . 55 9 . a trail of blood run along the floor . with the odd footprint of the man who have run through it . scene_50 int-ext / night bathroom eee ee 1 . shui sheng advance down the mosaic corridor lead to the bathroom . 2 . the light shine from under the bathroom door and through the frost glass pane , shui sheng can see figure move . there be the sound of run water and a red liquid be be rinse from the floor . 3 , panic-stricken , shui sheng finally push the door open . 4 . all eye turn to he , surprised to see who be the new arrival and they gaze at he . 5 . a morbid atmosphere fill the bathroom . the only noise be the sound of water gush from the tap . Three corpse be lie on the floor . one of they have at least seven knife protrude from it . G . the eye of the corpse be half - open as if he too be look at shui sheng . 7 . suddenly , shui sheng cry out in terror . shui sheng Liu shu ! Liu shu ! ... his cry be stifle by a biood - cover hand over he . mouth . a man 's deep voice bark out a order . man get he out of here ! 8 . another man enter . it be the master lean on one of he man 's shoulder . all the pride of be the godfather of shanghai have go out of he eye . his waist be bandage , with a blood stain gradually expand over he leave hip . 56 ~~ es to tr teas oo id 9 . he walk forward unsteadily and kneel beside Liu shu 's corpse . he look at the still body for a long moment . bodyguard his eve be still open . 10 , grief shoot across the master 's face . shui sheng see blood ooze from he dress . will the master the member of we clan always keep they eye open even when they be bury . he get to he foot , and go to the door assist by he henchman . for the first time , he notice shui sheng stand by the door . he mouth still cover by the bloody hand . the master ( harshly ) let he go ! 12 . shui sheng 's mouth be ringed by a bloody handprint 13 . the master ( to shui sheng ) this be fat yu 's do . you uncle stop the knife from reach I . remember that you uncle have not close he eye . ( in China , die with one 's eye open mean that one have regret or unfulfilled desire . ) Tang shi ye arrive , breathless . tang shi ye master , the doctor be wait for you . I will call song er ye and Zheng San ye . 57 15 . the master why have you call a doctor ? I be hardly scratch . do not summon song er ye and Zheng San ye just yet . all the other must stay here . 1g . Tang shi ye and the master disappear off down the hall . 17 . shui sheng be leave alone in the corridor , ignore by that who be leave . the bathroom door close leave just the sound of the run water . 18 . shui sheng slump against the wall , half he face cover in blood . he sense a presence in the corridor and look up . 19 . xiao jin bao be stand in front of he . she look toward the bathroom . after a while , she sigh . xiao jin bao why do you come to shanghai ? 20 shui sheng ( troubled and stutter ) .. to eam money ... my mother want too open a shop sell tofu ... I will earn ... I will go ... xiao jin bao slowly reach forward to take one of he hand . with the index finger of she other hand , she wipe away the trace of blood from he face . shui sheng be unable to contain himself in the face of such unexpected tenderness . he hold xiao jin bao by the waist and sob into she chest . scene 51 int / night . hui sheng bedroom 1 . shui sheng be sleep . 2. his bedroom door open let the light from the main room filter into he room . 3 . a thin silhouette enter the room and come over to the bed . the movement . have wake shui sheng , who sit hunch up and look nervously around he . 58 4 . it be the master 's steward . who motion to he to keep quiet . tang shi ye get dress ! quickly . scene_52 ext / night street 1. xiao jin bao 's black car be park at the gate . 2 . Tang shi ye open the rear door and nod at shui sheng to get in . 3 . xiao jin bao be already in the car . she too look as though she have just be wake up . xiao jin bao ( unhappily ) where be we go ? I have not bring anything with I . + . Tang shi ye close the door , without say a word , and get in the front with the driver . tang shi ye drive ! 5 . the car drive through desert street . scene 53 ext / morning country road 1 . they drive along a narrow track along the river , thread between small lake and village . in the early morning sunlight , the wooden shack along the river be quiet except for the odd person wash on the stone step lead down to the river . two river junk cross beneath a stone hump - back bridge , disturbing the shimmer water . 59 scene_54 int / morning boat 's_ cabin 1 . shui sheng lean out of the porthole to look outside . tang shi ye get you head in ! what 's so interesting outside ? shui sheng withdraw he head and lower the blind . he turn round and sit down . the cabin darken once more , with just the odd ray of morning light filter through the slat in the blind . 2 . shui sheng be apathetic . he sit in one corner of the cabin without talk . 3 . the master be in a half - lie position on the bed , bolster by many pillow behind he back . Tang shi ye hold a bow ! of water in one hand . xiao jin bao give the master he tablet , which he swallow without flinching . the master ( to Tang shi ye ) they must just be start to fight now in shanghai . tang shi ye I should think they be even more worried to know that you have leave the city , than to think that you be still there . the master ( with a slight smile ) let they all kill each other . when the god go to war , human undergo terrible suffer , when human go to war , the god go home . I will just let they have they fun first . xiao jin bao put down the bowi she have be hold . xiao jin bao the god ? we sneak away like thief . the other be more likely to think that you be scared of they . xiao jin bao put she arm around the master 's neck , with she mouth brush against he chin . xiao jin bao master , | do not want to go anywhere , I wish to serve you in shanghai ... the master smile and shrug . the master I have no other course of action . in shanghai . they be all jealous of my throne ... ( stroking xiao jin bao 's hair ) .. and they want to steal my bed as well . 4 . xiao jin bao be quietly surprised , but she face do not betray she . xiao jin bao ~~ who would dare take you throne or you bed ? 5 . the master slowly close he eye . the master for he to steal my throne and my bed , he must be behind I already . that 's why I be leave shanghai , to let the fox come out of he hole . and in a month , I will rub he out . | shall withdraw to prepare my attack . 6 . xiao jin bao lean she head on the master 's , she eye half - open . xiao jin bao a whole month ?! my body will have rusted up . the master be obviously very happy by what he hear . he caress xiao jin bao 's cheek . 61 the master no , no , my little lovely . I have find you a beautiful hide - place with lovely view . you can use the month to fill out and then when I be better , we will go back to shanghai together . my throne will remain my throne , and my bed will remain my bed . iam still godfather Tang of shanghai , and you be the Queen of the City of pleasure . scene_55 ext / day boat 1 . the boat pull further away from the shore and out into open water . 2 . the boat be propel by a man in the stern push on the lake bottom with a long pote . the water 's surface shimmer like silk . scene 56 int / day , boat 1 , the master be sleep . 2 . xiao jin bao look bored , sit next to he . she glance over at the master and turn back to Tang shi ye . xiao jin bao how much longer ? where be we go ? it 's suffocating on this boat . tang shi ye ( smile ) we will soon be there . we be go to a island inhabit only by a widow and she young daughter . it 's exceedingly quiet there . see xiao jin bao pull a face , Tang shi ye draw closer and continue in a whisper . 62 tang shi ye mistress , you will not be able to wander where you like . whoever try to get on or off the island will be execute . we do not have many man with we , so we must be very strict and vigilant . we must ensure the master 's safety . you will have to respect this order also . scene 57 int -ext / sunset island 1 the cabin 's blind be raise and the set sun 's golden light pour in . shui sheng wake . sailor ( v/ of ) we be come in to land ! we have arrive ! 2 . the boat be gradually approach and island surround by reed , yellow one mix in with green one , wave in the breeze . as far as the eye can see , the set sun enflame the lake . scene 58 ext / sunset . island 1 . two boat be pull into landing stage . scene 59 ext / sunset island 1 . from the landing stage , a wooden walkway lead up to a large house . a first group be head towards the house , other be unload the boat . the master walk with the aid of both xiao jin bao and shui sheng . scene 60 int / evening house 1 . the house be divide down the middle by a corridor with two room on each _ side . Men be hurry from one room to another carry box and trunk . 63 | J 2 . the master recline slowly onto the bed . Tang shi ye help he to take off he jacket while xiao jin bao try to make the bed as comfortable as possible . the master as you get older , it become harder to withstand pain . Tang shi ye turn round . tang shi ye ( to shui sheng ) go and fetch the little red box which be in the white bag . hurry , but take care , it contain the master 's medecine . scene 61 ext / night . landing stage 1 the two boat pull away . haloed by the set sun . the island be now cut off from the rest of the world . 2 . shui sheng , carry the little red box request by Tang shi ye , stop to watch the boat 's departure . scene 62 int / evening house 1 . as shui sheng enter the master 's bedroom with the medecine box , he hear xiao jin bao complain . 2 . she be stand with one hand on she hip , direct she remark alternately to both the master and Tang shi ye . xiao jin bao this bed be far too small . how do you expect I to be able to sleep on something that size ? tang shi ye . ( wilfully misunderstanding she ) it be quite sufficient for one person , I think . Tang shi ye talk in a calm and deliberate voice . 64 xiao jin bao stare at he . his apparent incomprehension cut she short . after a few second 's hesitation . she reply : xiao jin bao 's so where do I sleep ? Tang shi ye take the small box from shui sheng and place it on the master 's bedside table . tang shi ye you ? you will sleep in the next room . the master need to rest . what 's more , it will allow we to discuss business more easily . if you have nothing in particular to ask he , there be no point you disturbing the master . 3 . the master do not move , he eye firmly close . 4 . xiao jin bao stalk out . 5 . Tang shi ye open the box and look inside . tang shi ye shui sheng , throw away the use bandage . . 6 . shui sheng pick up the blood-stain strip and move off towards the door . the master shui sheng ! do not throw they in the water ! you musy bury they . 7 . the master half open he eye . the master that which cannot be use again must be bury . it 's the Tang custom . shui sheng ( look down at he foot ) yes , master . 65 the master shui sheng , you be a man now . when | speak to you , you must look I in the eye . do you understand ? scene _63 int / evening bedroom 1 , xiao jin bao lift the quilt from the bed and hold it to she nose , and crease up she beautiful face . she throw the quilt back down and cry out . xiao jin bao how be I suppose to sleep under such a thing . it 's get all sort on it . nobody reply . there be a heavy silence hang over the island . xiao jin bao stand still for a moment and then sit down on the bed , which be make of bamboo . as she do so . the bed creak loudly . she try to sit perfectly still . slowly at first , then faster and faster , she rock from side to side . 2 . the noise of the creak bed become she sole company . she continue accelerate , go further to each side each time . she finally establish a rythm resembling the music of the City of pleasure . somebody knock against the wooden wall , it be the master . his knock be not particularly loud but be very explicit . xiao jin bao stop suddenly and remain still once more . after a few minute , she get up and go over to extinguish the smal ] lamp on the table . 3 . xiao jin bao turn to try to find a comfortabie position on the bed . her ahgitation make the bed creak again . . there be another knock on the wall . this time , it be Tang shi ye . tang shi ye ( hiss through the wall ) mistress ! settle down quickly , you be disturbing the master . xiao jin bao turn over one last time on the bed . 66 xiao jin bao ( angrily ) you will have to change my bed then . it 's more of a radio than a bed . tang shi ye we shall do so tomorrow , mistress . the master be tired after so much travel . if you carry on like that , the master will get angry with you . scene 64 ext / night house 1 , xiao jin bao open the main door of the house and walk out onto the terrace . 2 . in the night , thelimit betwen the sky and the lake be blurred , except for where the moonbeam shimmer across the water 's surface . Guards criss -cross on the path outside the house . 3 . xiao jin bao walk along the terrace . when she reach one corner of the house , she stop . 4 . she have notice the tiny silhouette of shui sheng catch in the moonlight . 5 . xiao jin bao watch he from the corner of the house . for the first time , she feel a similarity between they and this feel encourage she to go towards he . 6 . shui sheng hear she footstep approach and look up . when he recognise who it be , he stand up and scuttle off with he eye fix to the floor . as he go past , xiao jin bao speak to he : xiao jin bao stop ! shui sheng stop . 67 xiao jin bao why do you walk away when you see I ? do | frighten you ? shui sheng do not reply , nor do he look up . xiao jin bao why be not you in bed ? after a moment 's silence , shui sheng reply : shul sheng ( softly ) I can not sleep . xiao jin bao look at he . xiao jin bao ( soothing ) do you have any other relation in shanghai , besides Liu shu ? 9 . shui sheng remain silent . 10 . xiao jin bao stay here a while , if you can not get to sleep . xiao jin bao sit on the terrace and look out at the lake . shui sheng sit down at she side . 11 . the shimmer water be a dark blue colour . the moon seem like a huge ice cream in the sky . 12 . shui sheng glance at xiao jin bao . she be sit with she back towards he . the autumn moon define she silhouette . suddenly , without turn round , xiao jin bao ask : xiao jin bao can you climb tree ? 68 14 . shui sheng yes . 15 . xiao jin bao look up , she face point towards the moon . xiao jin bao whan I be a little girl , at home , we have two big mulberry tree in the garden . for the people in we village , the two tree mean that somebody of great value would be bear under we roof . each summer , the tree would be cover in mulberry and all the neighbour would come round to eat they . we child would climb into the tree and only come down when we could not eat any more . xiao jin bao turn round to look at shui sheng . xiao jin bao you see ? I be a peasant too . xiao jin bao , the bumpkin . this make she smile . 16 , shui sheng smile too . for the first time , he detect a note of tenderness in xiao jin bao 's laugh . he can not help himself from talk . shui sheng I ] have a older sister in the country . she like mulberry too . 17 . xiao jin bao smile gently at he , without say a word . she turn back to look at the moon shine over the lake . after a moment , she speak . xiao jin bao as soon as you have get enough money for you tofu shop , go back home . what 's the point in stay in shanghai ? 18 . shui sheng I want to avenge Liu shu . the master tell I that Liu shu 's eve be still open . 19 . xiao jin bao turn to face shui sheng once more . it be now the xiao jin bao that shui sheng be use to séeing . xiao jin bao if the master like pig , you want to become a pig . if he like dog , you want to become a dog . if that 's what vou think , go and die in shanghai . go to bed ! 20 shui sheng do not know what to do , he jump up and enter the house . 21 . as he reach he bedroom door , he turn round . 22 . xiao jin bao remain sit in the moonlight , motionless . 23 . the tear welling up in she eye reflect the light of the moon , just like the water on the lake . scene 65 ext / morning house 1 . carry a basket in one hand , the widow cui hua approach the house accompany by she daughter , a jiao . she be wear a blue tunic with a white trimming . it be traditional mourn wear . a jiao skip along , in the orangey glow of the morning sun . 2 . shui sheng be hang out the master 's bandage which have just be wash . the white strip dance in the wind . 3 . the young girl and she mother walk by he . a jiao throw he a happy smile . 4 . shui sheng smile back to say hello . 5 . cui hua glance at the bandage . she syas nothing and start up the wooden stair of the house . 70 G. a guard appear round the corner of the house and wave at she to stop . 7 . cui hua hold up she basket . cui hua we have bring you food . 8 . Tang shi ye come out onto the terrace and look down at cui hua and she daughter with a smile . he reach down and whip away the white cloth which cover the basket 's content . 9 . there be enough food for a whole family , and have clearly be prepare with great care . Tang shi ye pat a jiao gently on the cheek . tang shi ye you be a beautiful little thing , be not you ? so say he extract a pair of chopstick from the basket and offer the girl a mouthful of rice . 11 . cue hua she have already eat . 12 . Tang shi ye pretend not to have hear . his face crease up as he force he smiie even wider . tang shi ye what 's you name ? 13 . . a jiao a jiao . Tang shi ye give she some fry vegetable . tang shi ye and you mother 's name ? 71 a jiao cui hua . 14 , Tang shi ye tear a pancake into small piece and give one to a jiao . pop it directly into she mouth . tang shi ye how old be you ? 15 . a jiao , she mouth full of all that Tang shi ye have just give she , look up at she mother before answer . a jiao 16 . see that she swallow quite normally , Tang shi ye have no further doubt about the food . tang shi ye nine , that 's good . he take the basket and say to cui hua . tang shi ye cui hua Sao ( " Sao " be always append to a marry woman 's name ) , wait here a moment . with this , he head back inside the house . 17 . the noise of a wooden door open . xiao jin bao lean against the door jamb , one hand on she hip , the other hold onto the door . her hair be tousle and she look very tired . 18 . a jiao look up and stare at xiao jin bao . 19 , xiao jin bao return she stare before adress the girl 's mother . xiao jin bao who be she ? cui hua my daughter . her name be a jiao . 72 xiao jin bao cross she arm over she chest . xiao jin bao look at she ! her nose , she eye ... she do not look anything like you . she could almost be my daughter . cui hua it do not matter if she look like you , she will never be lucky enough to achieve you position in life . 20 . a jiao move forward and scrutinise xiao jin bao from head to foot . she be overwhelm by the long wavy hair , gold earring , bracelet , high heel and long dress . 21 . xiao jin bao return she attention . xiao jin bao could you lend I you daughter for a few day ? whan | be no longer bored , I will send she back , 22 . cui hua ( force herself to laugh ) my daughter have never be off the island . she know nothing of you amusement . her presence will annoy you more than anything else . 23 . xiao jin bao offer no reply . she walk towards a jiao and squat down before she . xiao jin bao a jiao ? tell I , who be nicer between you mother and I ? 24 . a jiao smile . her eye flit from she mother to the woman in front of she . she be at a loss . 73 xiao jin bao a jiao , what do you want to do when you grow up ? a jiao blink shyly . a jiao I want to go to shanghai and be like you . 25 . xiao jin bao turn back to the girl 's mother . xiao jin bao I like you daughter . if you husband be not dead , you could have have other like she . 26 . cui hua look down at the ground silently . xiao jin bao come over to she and sit down . xiao jin bao how long have you be live here ? cui hua many year . xiao jin bao look around she . xiao jin bao how can you stand it ? do not you get bored ? if I be you , I would die of boredom . cui hua iam use to it . xiao jin bao ( whisper ) there be one advantage of this place , you can have as many lover as you wish . cui hua ( blush ) mistress ... 74 27 , xiao jin bao ( smile ) if I be you , that 's what I would do . in any case , there be nobody here to see . you can do what you want , as often as you want . you shouid take a lover tomorrow , 28 . cui hua be so embarrassed that she head sink even lower , cui hua mistress , how can you make such joke ? xiao jin bao I be not joke . I be very serious . if you dare not look for one , I will send you some . in any case , cui hua 's cheek turn a even deeper shade of red . she look away . 29 . a jiao be listen attentively . 30 . cui hua ( to a jiao ) go along . go and play elsewhere . 31.a jiao smile and run off towards shui sheng . 32 . Tang shi ye arrive with a broad smile . he return the basket to cui hua and give she some money in note , tang shi ye the master greatly appreciate the meal . at midday , you will bring he some fish soup .. , the island be completely silent . the rise sun bathes it in its golden light . it be a morning like any other , but for xiao jin bao , it seem very familiar and 75 34 . in fact . the quite banal morning seem to touch she deeply . scene 66 int / night xiaq_jin_bao's bedroom 1 . xiao jin bao be sit perfectly still on the edge of she bed . it be yet another quiet and empty night . the noise of the reed sway in the wind only serve to reinforce she feeling of solitude . xiao jin bao get up and head over to the door . scene 67 int / night kitchen 1 . shui sheng 's bed be next to the oven . when xiao jin bao enter the kitchen , shui sheng be in the process of massage he foot . when he see she , he jump to he foot . 2 . xiao jin bao come with I . we be go to look for someone to talk to . scene 68 ext / night house 1 . xiao jin bao leave the house with shui sheng . 2 . a guard walk up to they . guard mistress , what do you intend to do so late at night ? xiao jin bao continue walk as though she be deaf . after a moment 's hesitation , the guard decide to follow they . xiao jin bao turn round and look at the guard . all of a sudden she appear to remember something and speak to he in a very serious tone . 76 xiao jin bao I be look for somewhere clean to do my business . accord to the rule of the Tang household , everything which be no longer useful must be bury . would you mind fetching I a shovel ? the guard stop dead in he track . guard ( embarrassed ) no . it really be not worth it . watch where you step , mistress . scene 69 ext / night island tn land 1 . xiao jin bao and shui sheng head off in the direction of cui hua 's house . 2 . night have fall over the island , yet there be light show through the window of cui hua 's bedroom . 3 . just as they approach the house , xiao jin bao and shui sheng hear someone knock at its door . xiao jin bao seem to be encurage by the sound of the knock . she grab shui sheng by the sleeve and pull he down to the ground . 4 . cui hua 's door open slightly and what seem to be the figure of a man slip into the house . 5 . xiao jin bao 's curiosity be arouse by this discovery and she advance quickly on tiptoe . xiao jin bao ( whisper ) stay there and do not move . 6 , shui sheng stay where he be . slightly confuse by what be happen , he watch xiao jin bao approach the house . 77 7 , shui sheng see xiao jin bao close in on the window like a thief in the night . with a bamboo shoot , she pull back the paper cover the corner of the window and put she eye to the gap she have create . scene 70 int / night . cui hua' house 1 , through she peephole , xiao jin bao see a man 's back . he be take off he jacket . cui hua rest she head against he chest . xiao jin bao can see cui hua 's face clearly , and she eye which burn with . desire . the man squeeze she tightly against he naked chest and begin to unbutton she tunic . scene 71 int / night . cui hua' house 1 . xiao jin bao dare not look any more . she stand straight and appear to be think . a strange malicious smile come over she face . she turn round and walk up to the door . 2 . from he position further away , shui sheng hear a knock on the door of the house . 3 . he see that it be xiao jin bao who be knock . cui hua ( worried ) who be it ? xiao jin bao it 's I . [ have something to tell you . cui hua what 's wrong , mistress ? if it 's not urgent , you can tell I tomorrow . xiao jin bao ( deliberately talk very loudly ) be you count you money ? do not worry , I do not want any of it . 4 . shui sheng have no idea of what xiao jin bao be try to do . 78 5 . the night be completely silent except for xiao jin bao 's voice which carry over to the main house , which arouse the attention of two guard , who turn and peer into the darkness to see where the noise be come from . scene 72 int / night . cui_hua' house — oct hu a's , house 1 . the door open fractionally and cui hua appear , frame in the gap , a lamp in one hand . the other hold the door firmly . her message be clear : nobody be come in . her tunic be slightly crease . cui hua ( blush ) what can I do for you , madam ? xiao jin bao ( smile ) oh , you be not in bed yet , then ? cui hua I be about to go ... cui hua maintain she position , but in the face of xiao jin bao 's insistence , she be force to take she hand from the door . 3 . xiao jin bao enter the room . sit down and look around . xiao jin bao sister , ] be unable to sleep , I should like to talk with you . 4 . cui hua remain where she be , very taut , but try to remain calm . cui hua with I ? what have we to talk about ? 5 . xiao jin bao look smilingly at cul , hua . xiao jin bao ( drag out the tone of she voice ) sister , you have muddle up you button . 79 G. cui hua be flustered . speechless , she do she button up properly and swiftly . : 7 . xiao jin bao get slowly to she foot . xiao jin bao it 's my bad luck if you do not want to talk with I . she head over to the door . 8 . cui hua let out a faint sigh of relief . 9 . but xiao jin bao stop just as she get to the door . she turn round and take the small oil lamp from cui hua 's hand . xiao jin bao oh yes , I forget to ask you , could you lend I some clothes ? . cui hua but how could you wear peasant clothes , madam ? xiao jin bao that 's not the problem . what I bring with I be drying and I have nothing leave to put on . without ask , xiao jin bao walk towards cui hua 's bedroom with the oil lamp . cui hua hurry after she . 10 . the man 's grey jacket be lie over a stool near the bedroom door . 11 . xiao jin bao glance at the jacket and stop short . xiao jin bao what be I do ? I be too use to city life . I would forget that you can not just walk into a room like that . 80 ( it be the custom in the chinese countryside not to enter a house or a room without be invite to do so . ) cui hua ( embarrassed ) it do not matter , go ahead . while she say this , cui hua nevertheless keep one hand on the door ; 13 . xiao jin bao no ! you will choose a outfit for I . 14 . cui hua enter the room and from the main room , xiao jin bao can hear she move around , 15 . she sit down once more , barely able to contain she laughter . 16 . cui hua I have find one ! I have find one ! cui hua be red-face as she emerge from the room . she hand some clothes to xiao jin bao . a green suit , with a flowery pattern , neatly fold , with embroidery down the seam . xiao jin bao look at this vest . it 's beautifully make , you really be very talented . cui hua you be mock I . that 's very easy to do . xiao jin bao ( project she voice ) if I be a man , I would want you to be my wife . cui hua give a embarrassed smile . 81 scene 73 ext / night . island 1 . when xiao jin bao come out of the house . she wave the jacket over she head gaily , but she clamp she free hand over she mouth to contain she laughter . 2 . shui sheng watch she . unable to grasp the reason for she good mood . scene 74 ext / night the house 1 . the guard continue to peer suspiciously in the direction of cui hua 's house . scene 75 ext / sunset . the edge of the lake 1 . the sun 's last ray shine over the autumn reed . the sky be clear without any trace of a cloud . the lake reflect the glow of the sun . 2 . a jiao and shui sheng be wash clothes at the edge of the lake . a jiao shui sheng ge , what be the most interesting thing you have see in shanghai ? ( " ge " mean brother . ) shui sheng the iron cock . it sit on top of a building and ring once for each hour . a jiao 's eye gleam as she listen to he . a jiao and what else ? shui sheng the electric lamp . you pull on a string and the glass bulb become bright . there be lot of electricity inside . / the telephone , also . no matter how far you be from someone , you just sit there and say " hello " and you can hear everything he say . a jiao what 's electricity ? shui sheng think for a moment , then shake he head . shui sheng I do not know , I have never actually see it . a jiao shui sheng ge , the next time you come , bring I a little bit of electricity . I will swap you a fish for it . shui ! sheng ( very sure of himself ) no . I do not think I can bring you any . a jiao shanghai must be a really good place to be . 9 . shui sheng do not reply at first . then : shui sheng it 's good in the daytime , but not so much at night ... 10 . xiao jin bao be approach , wear the suit cui hua give she the night before as if she be modell it in a fashion show . her bear show that she be very happy with she new costume . she reach the two child and give they she biggest smile . 11 . a jiao look at she and smile back . a jiao : yinang , why be you wear my mother 's clothes ? 83 ( " yinang " mean aunt , and be customary for a young girl adress a woman of she mother 's generation . } 12 . shui sheng smile at xiao jin bao also . 13 . xiao jin bao do I look good ? 14 . a jiao yes. 15 . xiao jin bao do J look like you mother ? a jiao yes . 16 , xiao jin bao draw even closer to a jiao . xiao jin bao ( immediately ) in that case , in the future , you must call I " mummy " , and you will call you mother , " aunt " . 17 . a jiao laugh . a jiao can you teach I to sing ? shui sheng tell I you sing very well . 18 . xiao jin bao throw shui sheng a look . 19 . he avert he eye . 20 . xiao jin bao sit down . xiao jin bao shui sheng lie to you . I do not know how to of ~ . sing . 21 . a jiao do not believe she . 22 , xiao jin bao when one sing , one must sing what one want to say . sing only good song . 23. a jiao and what be that song ? 24 . xiao jin bao keep quiet . she seem lose in think . xiao jin bao do you like sing ? a jiao yes. oo xiao jin bao well , you must first sing I a song then . afterwards , I will teach you other song . 27 . a jiao be a little embarrassed . she cast a quick glance at shui sheng before start to sing . a jiao sway on , sway on , palanquin all the way to grandmother 's door grandmother be call I my little treasure , I cry and I laugh two dog carry the palanquin 28 . xiao jin bao be very pleased . of ~ 85 xiao jin bao I know you song , a jiao . my grandmother teach I it when I be little . she start sing with a jiao . xiao jin baoand a jiao sway on , sway on , palanquin all the way to grandmother 's door magpies be sing on the roof there 's a pair of red trousers and a flowery jacket grandmother 's come with I in the bride 's palanquin sway on , sway on , palanquin all the way to grandmother 's door 29 . shui sheng laugh happily . watch xiao jin bao , he tealise that he have never see she like this . 30 . xiao jin bao beat out the rythm , laugh unreservedly . she be radiant . 31 . the plant glow in the soft autumn light . the reed sway in the wind . the lake 's water glitter ... : : 32 . xiao jin bao look out over the lake and she smile freeze on she face . 33 . the leg of a corpse emerge from the water and float slowly towards they . 34 . a cloud pass across xiao jin bao 's face and she turn away . 35 . a jiao and shui sheng have already stand up and be walk away , chatter and laugh , : 36 . terrify , xiao jin bao lean forward to have a better look at the corpse . 37 . the corpse float closer and closer . it be a man 's body , and he be wear the same grey jacket as the one xiao jin bao see in cui hua 's house the night before . 38 . xioa jin bao 's mouth fall open , she face mark with complete astonishment , 86 — — — 1 . shui sheng , much tenser than just before , look towards the master 's bedroom . Tang shi ye and he bodyguard be near he , look in the same direction . Tang shi ye keep at a respectful distance from the door . nobody know what be happen inside the room . 2 , the master 's door be close , but raise voice can be hear from time to time . it be hard to understand exactly what xiao jin bao and the master be say to each other . the master ( v/ of ) yes , I give the order ! so what ? no - one know who he be . I have to be vigilant . and then silence . after a moment , the master 's voice make itself hear again . the master ... shanghai follow I wherever [ go . do not get involved in my business . that who have try to do so , have all end up regret it . 3 . the master 's voice ring out clearly , with each word speak very precisely . shui sheng think that xiao jin bao would be better not to say anything . Tang shi ye wear a satisfied smile . + . suddenly , the noise of a porcelain object break come through the door . the master cry out angrily . the master he run away from the shit that he have stir up . who dare say such a thing ?! the door be suddenly pull open . 87 xiao jin bao emerge , look very strain . she walk determinedly and angrily . nobody have ever see she in such a fury . her face be pale and the’ blood have drain from she lip . she look straight in front of she . she kick open she bedroom door and disappear . scene 77 int / night kitchen 1 , xiao jin bao push open the door . shui sheng you be up ? scene 78 ext / night , 1 . xiao jin bao and shui sheng walk out of the house , with a guard follow they . guard mistress , where be you go ? xiao jin bao stop and glare nastily at the guard without say a word . the guard take a few step back . guard take care , mistress . scene 79 int / night . cui_hua' house 1 . xiao jin bao open the door and smile at cui hua . xiao jin bao saozi , this evening you will have the time to talk with I . 2 . it be not very late and both cui hua and a jiao be make basket . cui hua put down she work and hurry over to xiao jin bao . a jiao yinang ! 88 shui sheng sit down next to a jiao to help she . xiao jin bao sit down also . cui hua do not know what to say to she . she go back to she work . 4 . xiao jin bao saozi , how old be you ? cui hua I be bear in the year of the horse . xiao jin bao you could be my young sister ! why have you let yourself age like that ? cui hua a weathered skin attract less fly xiao jin bao ( spontaneously ) why do not you marry again ? cui hua you be joke with I again , madam . I live in the country , not in the city . 10 . xiao jin bao that do not stop you loving a man . 11 , cui hua look across at she daughter . cui hua please stop mock I . 89 12 . xiao jin bao can not believe that a woman like you do not attract man 's attention . if you want , I can introduce you to some , 13 . a jiao ( interrupt ) yinang , my uncle adore my mother . 14. cui hua a jiao ! it 's time you be in bed ! 15 . a jiao do not move , smile . 16 , xiao jin bao ( slowly ) ah ... I see ... saozi . 17 . cui hua be disconcert to know that she secret have be reveal , cui hua ( to a jiao ) go to bed ! now ! 18 . xiao jin bao continue probing . xiao jin bao when be you go to be marry ? 19 . cui hua look at the floor . cui hua a jiao say the first thing that come into she head . I do not know yet . 20 . xiao jin bao look straight at cui hua with a serious expression on she face . 90 will come specially with two red silk quilt and a set of red pillow . I want you bedroom to be fill with red candle and red shuang xi. ( shuang xi mean " double happiness " and be often write on piece of red daper at wedding . ) xiao jin bao 's eye seem to have become entrance by the smoking flame of the oil lamp . xiao jin bao or I could give you a white wedding dress make of lace import from France . two small boy will follow you hold the train . 21 . cui hua be take aback . cui hua madam , stop mock we . we be only poor . 22 . but xiao jin bao be unable to restrain herself . she take cui hua in she arm . xiao jin bao ( to herself ) : the woman who do not want to get marry do not exist . however often you must do it , it 's always better to be marry . 23 cui hua ( sighing ) but the god only allow a woman to marry once . if she get marry twice , she will have she heart break a second time . it 's she fate . xiao jin bao you be very lucky to have a peaceful life on this island and to have someone who love you . 91 cui hua if you be ask to spend you life here , you would not say the same thing . why do all the peasant go to shanghai otherwise ? thing must be better there . 24 , xiao jin bao if I get marry one day , I want to do it here . you will be my witness . 25 . cui hua . what ? you be not marry already ? 26 , in the dim light of the oil lamp , xiao jin bao simply shake she head . 27 . cui hua ( concerned ) why be not you marry ? you should not be too demand . xiao jin bao yes ... 28 . xiao jin bao smile . all of a sudden , tear well up in she eye . xiao jin bao you be right . I should get marry . but I be afraid that I be never go to see he by my side again . 29 . cui hua try to console she . cui hua you must be patient , madam . 30 . xiao jin bao nod she head . the light catch she tear as they begin to roll down she cheek . 31 . cui hua put down she half - finish basket and take xiao jin bao 's hand . 92 cui hua you just have to be honest and wait for he patiently . he will come to you one day . Men be all the same . 32 . xiao jin bao yes ... but the tear continue to roll down she face . 33 . cui hua the first time I see you , I know that you life be not easy ... you do not need to tell I ... wait patiently . patience be all that a woman have . 34 . xiao jin bao throw herself into cui hua 's arm . she hold onto she neck and sob uncontrollably . xiao jin bao $ aozi , I should never have come to you house , nor to this island . I feel guilty about what be happen to you ... cui hua do not really understand what xiao jin bao be say , but she hold she in she arm and console she as she would a young sister . 35 . shui sheng and a jiao be afraid but can only look at each other . scene 80 ext / morning the house 1 . the master come out of he bedroom for the first time since he arrival on the island . he seem fully recover , completely different from the day he arrive . all the man turn to greet he . 2 . cui hua be in the middle of set the table . she be slightly tense as it be she first encounter with the master . 93 cui hua good Morning , master ! 3 . the master be in a good mood . the master oh , so you be cui hua Sao . cui hua ( surprised ) sorry ? you know my name ? the master I eat you fish soup every day . how could | forget you name ? the bodyguard burst out laugh , as if the master have say something extremely amusing . + . the master sit down . he spot a jiao . the master and you must be a jiao . a jiao good morning , grandfather ! ( in China , ali child refer to older man as grandfather - " ye ye " ) the master take hold of a jiao 's hand and draw she towards he . he look she up and down . : the master she 's beautiful , just like xiao jin bao at the same age . where be xiao jin bao ? shui sheng , go and find she . 5 . but before he can move , xiao jin bao emerge from she bedroom , look very tired . her arm droop the length of she body , give the impression that she have not sleep all night . the master xiao jin bao , look at this little girl . do not you think she look like you when you be she age ? 7 . xiao jin bao give no reply . 8 . the master remain calm and turn he attention to cui hua . the master cui hua Sao , please prepare two chicken at midday , I be expect guest . ( to xiao jin bao ) number two and number Three be come . 9 . xiao jin bao be quite clearly surprised . scene 81 ext / day the landing stage — — ee landing stage 1 . Zheng San ye come out of the boat 's cabin shouting . zheng san ye shit , it 's too hot in there ! 1 think I be go to suffocate . 2 . the master , Tang shi ye , xiao jin bao , shui sheng and a few other be there to welcome they . song er ye and Zheng San ye come towards the master to pay they respects . the master seem very happy to see they . song er ye how be you feel ? the master pat he side to show that he wound have heal and that he be back to full health . song er ye nrelieve ) 95 excellent . zheng San ye take a cigar from he pocket , light it and take a long puff with unconceal pleasure . 3 . song er ye walk forward . look at xiao jin bao 's foot . song er ye ( to xiao jin bao ) madam . xiao jin bao ( smile ) er ye . zheng san ye ( loudly , to both song er ye and xiao jin bao ) what 's happen to you both ? in the space of a few day , it 's as if you do not know each other . the master ( softly , to song er ye ) how be thing down there ? song er ye take a number of newspaper cutting from he pocket and hand they to the master . the master read they immediately , nodd he head with satisfaction . Zheng San ye draw closer . they three head seem to resemble each other . 7 . song er ye steal a glance at xiao jin bao . 8 . she move off towards the house . 9 . song er ye turn away , disappointed , the master fold the cutting and hold they out to Zheng San ye who flick he lighter and burn they . . 10 . the master watch the bundle as it be gradually reduce to ash . . 96 the master at least , the knife have serve a purpose . zheng san ye very true . very true . song er ye but you must still be careful . the master ( patting song er ye on the shoulder ) Tam lucky to have you as my brother . song er ye we merely do what you ask of we . it 's mostly number Three 's do . the master T understand . ext / night the house 1 . the night be dark and the island be quiet . 2 . somebody slide down one of the post of the terrace , noiselessly . 3 . it be xiao jin bao . she crouch down and iook around she . 4 . at one end of the terrace , the tip of a guard 's cigarette glow in the night . 5 . xiao jin bao lean forward and scuttle off towards the rush . scene 83 ext / night rush the Autumn breeze continue to blow through the reed , all be dark . two form be entwine . 2 . song er ye hold xiao jin bao close . he be sit slightly behind she , kissing 97 xiao jin bao have she eye half - close . her reaction be much more mute than before . perhaps because they be no longer in shanghai , perhaps because recent event have change thing for she . they both seem tense and worried . song er ye 's eye flit constantly between xiao jin bao and the reed surround they . he lean forward . song er ye have he begin to suspect I ? xiao jin bao do not reply . her eye have close . and she head rest on he chest . she seem to be think about something else entirely . song er ye cup she chin in he hand and continue give she tender peck on the neck . song er ye ( solicitously ) teli I . do he have any doubt ? xiao jin bao lean she head still further back and reach up to stroke the side of he head . xiao jin bao do you really love I ? song er ye continue to kiss she neck . song er ye yes . have not you already notice ? have not | always be faithful to you ? 3 . xiao jin bao turn round abruptly . she take song er ye 's hand in she own . xiao jin bao ( animatedly ) take I away . let 's leave shanghai and go far away . song er ye where ? 98 xiao jin bao anywhere . [ want to marry you . let I be a young bride and tead a normal life . I will love you as long as I have breath . 4 . song er ye smile . song er ye what 's happen to you ? after a few day on this island , you have start hallucinate . xiao jin bao take she hand away and she expression harden . xiao jin bao will you take I away or not ? song er ye pull she back towards he . song er ye ( softly ) I want you to be a young bride , my bride , but it 's impossible just now . when I take over in shanghai , I want you to be the most beautiful young bride ever . you must have patience and listen to what I tell you ... why do the Old man call I to this island ? xiao jin bao 's enthusiasm be wane . she try desperately to recapture it . she have one last try but she be no longer sure of herself even , xiao jin bao who care about shanghail forget it ali and let 's go . 5 . song er ye be no longer listen to she . he be deep in he own thought . song er ye ( frown ) .. he have not make I come all this way for nothing . there must be something important ... . 99 song er ye turn back to xiao jin bao and say jokily : song er ye you have not give I away I hope ? xiao jin bao look at song er ye with deep disappointment in she eye . she suddenly transform herself into she shanghai personage . xiao jin bao other than that , do you have anything interesting to say ? me? give you away ? I be the one who be give away in shanghai ? how could [ ever give someone else away after that ? 7 . song er ye rediscover he expression of tenderness and gently stroke she cheek . song er ye you know , I be do all this for you . think about it , where could we go together ? even if I take you underground , he would find we . if he have not find out this time , I will have another chance to get he . ( gritting he tooth ) fat yu be totally useless . we could have have it all over with the other night . 8 . xiao jin bao do not want to listen any more . she shrug off she lover 's hand . xiao jin bao if icame here this evening , it be not to listen to you talk about you dealing with fat yu . I be go in . song er ye hold she back . song er ye try to get the Old man to tell you why he call for we . tomorrow night ... at two o'clock ... here . xiao jin bao walk away in complete silence . 100 9 . song er ye 's face take on a nasty aspect . song er ye ( brutally ) stop ! 10 . xiao jin bao stop . ll. song er ye ( hiss ) if the Old man know about we , neither you , nor I will survive , do you understand ? thanks to you considerable charm , the Old man can not resist you . you must try to find out what he know . here. tomorrow , at two ... okay ? 12 . xiao jin bao ah ! be you get angry now ? okay , tomorrow morning , I will go and see the master and tell he : " do you realise that you brother be try to take you place , and he have already take you woman ? " so say , she turn on she heel . 13 . song er ye stay hide in the rush and watch xiao jin bao disappear into the night . behind he glass , he eye be shot through with menace . scene 84 ext / day 1 . shui sheng come run along the walkway , clutching he hand to he stomach and look very ill . 2 . guard 1 shui sheng , what have you eat ? how many time have you be to shit today ? 101 shui sheng six time . guard 2 and how many more time before tonight ? look behind the house and count how many pile you have make already ? can not you smell it ? if you keep on shitting close to the house , I will belt you . scene 85 ext / evening 1 . Cloud be gather in the sky and the wind be blow up . in the distance , there be roll of thunder . the storm be approach . - scene 86 ext / night the house 1 . the front door open suddeniy and shui sheng come run out like a Jack from a box . he run down the step , press he hand against he stomach as if try to keep something in . 2 . guard 2 you again ? go further away . have not you notice , the wind 's change direction . go round the other side ... go on . 3 . shui sheng turn round and run off in the opposite direction . scene 87 ext / night rushe 1 . shui sheng squat down in the reed . suddenly , he hear two voice whisper . man 1 shit , it 's go to rain . man 2 good , it will make thing easier for we . 102 shui sheng be take aback . he dare not breathe , but turn round slowly to see where the voice be come from . 2 . where he be , the reed be very thick . shui sheng can not make anything out , but the voice be very close to he position . first man what 's come over song er ye ? why do he want to eliminate xiao jin bao ? second man do not ask too many question . just remember , when she come by , you grab she from behind and strangle she with the rope . first man but song er ye tell we to stab she . second man listen . if we kill she with the knife , she lovely skin will be spoil and she will bleed and then we will not be able to have any fun with she . first man but if it start raining , where be we go to hide ? : second man in the lake . there 's hardly anybody on the island . do not worry . 3 . shui sheng wriggle through the reed , try not to make any noise . 4 , when he be far enough away , he get up off he belly . 5 . but instead of run normally , he decide to crouch down and scuttle - along on all four . 103 scene _ 88 int / night . the master' bedroom . 1 . shui sheng burst into the room . 2 . song er ye , Zheng San ye and xiao jin bao be gather round a table play mah jong with the master . Tang shi ye be sit next to the master . when they hear the door open , the whole group turn round to face the intruder . without hesitate , a guard step forward and grab shui sheng . 3 . shui sheng have not imagine that there would be so many people in the master 's bedroom . he breathes heavily , unable to open he mouth , stare at song er ye and xiao jin bao . 4 , xiao jin bao be the first to ask a question . xiao jin bao shui sheng , what be go on ? 5 . shui sheng still have difficulty get he breath . his eye move from song er ye to the master . 6 . song er ye ( harshly ) shui sheng ! how dare you infringe the rule ? get out if you have nothing to say . can not you see that the master be in the room !? 7 . the master 's experience prompt he to interrupt song er ye 's rebuke of the young boy . he observe shui sheng and smile at he : the master ( weigh he word ) shui sheng , what have you see ? 8 . shui sheng 's hesitation be wash away . he speak directly to xiao jin bao . . shu ! sheng mistress , you must not go out later ! do not gol 104 9 , xiao jin bao 's expression change completely . 10 . nobody understand what shui sheng be talk about except song er ye , who freeze in he seat . 11 . the master continue to coax shui sheng to reveal what he have see . the master shui sheng , speak siowly . what have you hear ? have you hear something or have you - see someone ? 12 . shui sheng I hear two people talk in the rush , they work for song er ye . I hear they say that they be go to kill the mistress tonight . 13 . the room fall completely silent except for the noise of a mah jong piece bounce off the floor . dropped by whom ? nobody move . xiao jin bao stare at song er ye who have break into a sweat . his face have lose all its colour . Zheng San ye take he hand from the table and put it in he pocket . with a deathly stare , Tang shi ye look at the master , who stand up and walk slowly over to where the guard be hold shui sheng . his face be still smile but he eye bore into shui sheng 's . the master shui sheng , look at I and repeat what you have just say , 14 , shui sheng ( stammer ) wl ... | be not feel well ... when I squatted down , I hear voice , over there in the rush ... they be say : - it 's go to rain . - the rain will make we job easier . 105 shui sheng ( cont . ) - what 's come over song er ye ? why do he want to eliminate xiao jin bao ? - when she get here at two o'clock , you grab she and strangle she with the rope . if she lose a lot of blood , it 's no fun . that 's what I hear ... and I come run back on all four . 1g . the master be still smile at shui sheng . he ask no further question , simply maintain he pierce expression . 17 . it seem as if even the air in the room have stop move . 18 . xiao jin bao stare at song er ye , freezing he to the spot . 19 . song er ye 's expression have twisted into a grimace . he be deathly pale with one or two bead of sweat break out on he forehead . he try to avoid xiao jin bao 's eye . 20 . Zheng San ye be particularly alert with he eye move from one person to another . : : 21 . the master nod he head and pat shui sheng on the cheek . he turn back to the table without look at anyone in particular . he stretch out he hand and calmly pick up one of he piece as if it be the most important thing to do at the present time . 22 . shui sheng watch the scene without move . 23 . the master keep the piece in he finger , turn it round and round without actually play . 24 . the noise of the piece grate on the table resonate around the room . nobody move and nobody speak . the tension increase with every second . the master let out a sigh and look up from the table . the master Lao er , how many man do you bring with you ? 106 25 . song er ye 's face be drain of any colour . with a great effort . he finally manage to open he mouth . song er ye two . 26 . xiao jin bao break into a laugh . her cold stare have be replace by a vacant look , as if she whole world have disappear . her eye be fix on song er ye . gradually , she laughter subside as the tear well up in she eye . 27 . the master turn back to shui sheng . the master go to bed now , shui sheng . it 's over . Tang shi ye come over and lead he to the door . 28 . the master 's door be firmly close after he , with everybody and all its secret lock inside ; scene 89 ext / night the house 1 . shui sheng be sit on the terrace stare at the close door . 2 . there be so little sound come from the bedroom that it be as if the whole house be asleep . a thin ray of light emerge from underneath the door , cut the corridor into two distinct section . 3 . a few armed guard be dispatch to search the rush . 4 , shui sheng know that they be go to kill the two man he see earlier and thus that xiao jin bao will not be strangle or stab . he have the vague impression that what he have do will , however , cause xiao jin bao a certain amount of trouble and pain . he be very worried about what be go to happen . 5 . the door be still close . the thunderclaps be become increasingly frequent . the rain be about to arrive . . 107 scene_90 ext / night the house __ rain 1 . the stormcloud cover the whole sky . Thunder and lightning succeed each other in a increase rythm , illuminate the island for a brief moment before plunging it back into darkness . 2 . hurrying footstep outside wake shui sheng . there must be a great deal of water on the ground because the footstep splash aiong . 3 . shui sheng open the door . there be no light in the corridor . he go to look in the master 's bedroom . 4 , its door be wide open and the room be empty . shui sheng realise that the house be empty also . as he turn to go outside the wind blow the master 's bedroom door shut with a terrible bang . 5 . shui sheng run out onto the terrace . 6 . there , a single oil lamp , suspend from a post , give off a flicker light as the lamp be blow first one way then the other by the storm . a few people have gather around the lamp , look out silently . 7 . shui sheng join they and follow they eye into the night . scene _ 91 ext / night . island__rain 1 . the rain be pour down . group of man be huddle round different light beyond the terrace . shui sheng have difficulty understanding how all this people have come to be on the island . he catch a glimpse of half - a- dozen guard drag two male corpse along the ground . the guard throw the body into a newly - dig pit . stand around the pit be more guard carry shovel . they black trousers be cover with a yellowish mud from they digging . 2 . not far from the pit , a group of light throw up the silhouette of another huddle of people shelter under umbrella . '' 3 . the master be among they , with Zheng San ye and Tang shi ye behind he . they be cover by umbrella hold over they by three other man . they be all silent . the terrace lamp light up the fail rain . 108 +. song er ye be lead forward by two man . he be push to the floor just in front of the master . he have lose he elegant bear as the rain soak he hair and __ wash it forward over he eye . 5 . as he be throw to the floor , he face grind into the sodden ground . despite he hand be tie behind he back , he manage to pull himself up to kneel in front of the master . song er ye forgive I Da ge ! spare my life . 6 . the master look at he without replying . 7 . song er ye shuffles forward on he knee , close enough to bang he head repetitively against the master 's leg . his glass fall from he face as he do so . song er ye give I a chance , just one chance ! 8 . the master do not even look at he now . instead , he stare into the distance as if he be expect someone . 9 . song er ye San Di ( " third brother " ) , help I ! save I ! 10 . Zheng San ye remain silent also . the master bring he eye back to focus on the traitor before he . he cross he hand behind he back . the master a little courage , number two . tell yourself that you be die a hero 's death . when I return to shanghai , I shall let it be know that you die protect I from fat yu . I shall mourn you . I want the whole of shanghai to know that I be still the master . and then with number three we will go and avenge you death against fat yu. the master ( cont . ) that way , | will repay my debt to he for the knife which wounded I . I be still the master of shanghai . do you understand now ? 11 . song er ye remain motionless for a moment . his face be unrecognisable as he stare blindly upwards . song er ye dage , give I a chance ! I be trick by fat yu. 12 , the master I can not forgive you betrayal . I call you here on purpose , to punish you . the master wave to the guard . the master bury he ! 13 . two man drag song er ye towards the pit , cover he mouth with a cloth to stifle he scream . through the rain , it be difficult to distinguish anything other than he scuffling leg , which leave a trail through the mud . 14 . the master pick up song er ye 's glass and look at they . the master ( sighing ) it 's a shame , we will not be able to finish we game of mah jong . scene_92 ext / night . rain 1 , shui sheng look on wide - eye . he attempt to approach the pit but be restrain by a guard . ' 110 rs scene_93 ext / night . rain 1 . the master take a lamp from one of he guard . he shine it in the face of xiao jin bao . 2 . she have not be tie up but be leave without shelter from the rain . her hair be wet and stick to she face . she eye bear no expression , either of hatred or fear , she be in fact very calm . 3 , the master lean forward and half - whisper to she . the master I shall cover the City of pleasure with fifty thousand fresh flower as a sign of my sadness . I will throw even more flower into the river . I know how much you like flower , it 's just a pity you will not be there to see they . no - one will know of what you have do to I . 1 do not like lose face . that way , you can die as if you have do nothing wrong . xiao jin bao do not look as though she have take in a word of what the master have say . her eye remain completely impassive . 4 . the master pull away from she . the master do you have anything to say to I ? 5 . xiao jin bao give no answer . she turn she face away and look into the distance ... 6 . ... towards the flicker light of cui hua 's house . 7 . xiao jin bao ] have a last request . 8 . the master say it . 111 xiao jin bao do not harm cui hua or a jiao . they have nothing to do with any of this . 10 . the master stretch out he hand and wipe she hair from she face . the master ( smile ) I do not spoil you for nothing . you be the only one who understand I . I be go to keep a jiao and take she to shanghai to bring she up . in a few year , she will be the new xiao jin bao as for cui hua Sao , it be not my fault and you can not hold it against I . she hear a noise , come out of she house and see everything . it be bad luck . you see . I can not afford to leave live witness behind . no - one who be not z part of the clan must know about what happen this evening . 11 . xiao jin bao look back towards the light in the distance . her tear mix with the rain pour down she face . xiao jin bao ( to herself ) saozi , | be the guilty one . I should never have come here ... 12 . the master have miss what she say and draw closer once more . the master what be you say ? 13 ; without warning , xiao jin bao throw herself on he in rage . she hit , scratch and slap he in a explosion of accumulate hatred . the master be not expect such violence and he be knock off he foot . together they roll over in the mud . the other be take by surprise also : Zheng San ye be the first to rush forward to separate they . '' however , xiao jin bao cling to the master as though she be roote to he . the light start to waver and everything become chaotic ... 112 moreover . xiao jin bao start scream insult at the master . let out ten year of suppress anger . xiao jin bao Tang Lao Da ( " number one " ) , 1 want to kill you , you old cretin . I have always hate you . | wish I could kill you . I will be watch you every day from my grave . I want to eat you flesh and drink you biood . bastard ! you will get yours in the end ! scene _94 ext / night rain en ee $ $ 1 . shui sheng suddenly cry out . shui sheng mistress ... he run forward ... 2 . ... but somebody hold he back . guard do you want to die too ? 3 . shui sheng shout and try to wrestle he way free but the guard hold he lighter and slap a muscular hand over he mouth to stifle he scream . shui sheng lash out at fresh air and finally calm down . he look sadly at the spectacle before he . scene_95 ext / night rain 1 . the light barely illuminate a group of people huddle together . come from the middle of the huddle be the dull sound of shovel at work . 113 scene _96 ext / morning boat - 1 , the boat be ready to depart . after the rain of the night before the morning seem cleaner and fresher . 2 . the guard resemble a line of ant load up the boat . in the bow of which the master be sit with a jiao . a jiao be overjoy and prove it by give everyone a big smile . the master look at she fondly like a old man take he granddaughter out ona trip . a jiao grandfather , where be my mother and yinang ? the master ( with a smile ) they have already leave for shanghai . we will meet up with they when we arrive . a } iao when I get to shanghai , will I have lot of lovely clothes ? the master yes . a jiao and goid bracelet ? the master yes . a jlao and ring ? the master yes , yes . you will have all you desire . a jiao ( proudly ) 1 want to be like yinang . 114 the master pat she on the cheek . the master yes , of course , just like yinang . 3 . shui sheng be sit next to they , look at the lake ahead . 4 , they gradually draw away from the island , which , in the morning light . seem peaceful and magnificent . shui sheng have the impression that he can hear xiao jin bao and a jiao sing they song . xiao jin bao and a jiao sway on , sway on , palanquin all the way to grandmother 's door grandmother be call I my little treasure , icry and I laugh two dog carry the palanquin 5 . tear begin to fill he eye and he turn away . 6 . the master be play with a jiao with he back to shui sheng . 7 . shui sheng stare at this back and a expression of anger and hatred sweep over he face . finally , shui sheng get up and throw himself on the master ... his face , twisted with hatred enter the frame and freeze in close -up . the end 115 number of shot : shanghai Island Boat total 353 310 12 675 116