she' out of my league written by Sean ander &amp ; John Morris int . conference room a dozen or so shadowy people be seat in the darken room . a slide projector dimly light mr . fuller , a crew -cutte Robert stack type in a suit , as he address the group . the current slide be a still from a security video of a blurry figure - it could be any of about a billion people . fuller ... so , let 's keep a steely eye out for this bastard . ( then ) before we dismiss , this be you monthly reminder of why we be here . fuller advance to a slide of the american flag . Close on one of the group - a heavyset bald man in he mid-thirty . he politely pay close attention to the presentation . fuller ( cont 'd ) the american people want to travel . ( slide : family in front of a fake dinosaur ) they want to attend baseball contest ( slide : fat guy spilling beer as they go for a foul ball ) and popular music concert . ( slide : John tesh ) Close on another face in the group . a doughy man with three - day scruff and a trendily long haircut . he look bored , roll he eye at the speech . fuller ( cont 'd ) they want to be happy . ( slide : people line dance ) but , Security come first . ( slide : Army soldier with a massive machine gun guard a play - ground ) without security there can be no happy . you be America 's front line in the global war on terror . let 's hit the trenches and let 's be careful out there . ( slide : tsa logo ) the light come up and as the group file out we get a better look at they uniform . the tsa agent move out into the ... int . airport - security check point - day the agent take they place , man the screen equipment . we push in on the bald man as he take up he post next to the walk - through metal detector . this be kirk kettner . he be not a looker . his uniform only serve to highlight he least attractive feature but he eye and demeanor be pleasant and kind . 2 . the scruffy agent be stainer . he stand at the x-ray monitor . as the bag begin to move through , he do not pay any attention , rather he hand kirk a flyer . stainer kirk , bro . tonight ? insert : the flyer read , " wheel in the Sky - a tribute to journey at Club vertigo - every Tuesday night ! " stainer be picture wear a massive afro in the band photo . kirk I do not know , stainer . stainer dude , you never come see we anymore . it 's be like four month . time to forget about marnie and get back on the whore . stainer do a sex dance that make everyone uncomfortable . fuller shoot a stern look from he office . kirk it 's not that . it 's my grandma . I will probably be at the hospital for the next few night . stainer oh , shit . I space that . how 's she do ? kirk she 's hang in there but it do not look good . stainer dude , I be sorry . she 's a great lady . that suck . a Middle - Eastern man in a cowboy hat be next in line . Mr. fuller appear behind kirk , tap he shoulder and subtly motion to the arab . kirk smile at the potential terrorist . kirk hey there , habib . habib ( perfect English with a southern accent ) howdy kirk . lemme guess ; I be flagge for a random search . 3. kirk yeah , sorry . I will get you out of here quick . you off to Boston again ? habib no , sir . pediatric convention in delaware . kirk open habib 's bag . habib ( cont 'd ) kirk , I know you be just do you job but , for Pete 's sake , ya will know I . kirk I be sorry . it 's just ... kirk gesture to he boss as he zip the bag back up . kirk ( cont 'd ) okay , habib , you be all set buddy . have a good trip . habib thanks kirk . see you next time . fuller again appear behind kirk . habib ( cont 'd ) ( to fuller - now in a thick arab accent ) praise be to Allah . fuller you think that 's funny !? you wanna sit in first class or you wanna sit on my glove and jelly finger !? ext . airport curb - day follow a pair of perfect female leg as the woman 's heel click along the sidewalk , suitcase roll behind . although we can not see the woman riding on this leg , we can see several man stare as she pass by on she way into ... int . airport ticketing more stare from more man and even a few woman as we follow the leg to the check - in line . the leg glide to the front and stop to wait for the next available ticket agent . 4. from the slightly upward angle , we see two young male ticket agent . ( one on each side of the leg . ) one be black and one white ; each be deal with customer . they simultaneously notice we woman . they suspiciously eye one another and the race be on . each agent begin type furiously to expedite they current customer in the hope of wait on she next . angle on the white agent as he wait on a yuppie couple . white agent ( rushed ) okay , how many bag be you check ? any bag !? yuppie man be this one too big to carry on ? white agent no . carry it on . good call . yuppie woman grant , you do not want to lug that thing all over the airport . the agent lean back and issue a bother sigh . he look to he right to check the progress of the black agent , who be wait on a old asian woman . black agent ( rushed ) do you pack you bag yourself ? the asian woman obviously do not understand a word of the question but she smile and nod along . asian woman yes . black agent have anyone unknown to you ask you to carry anything onto you flight ? more smile and blank nod . asian woman yes . black agent I think you mean no . white agent you can not do that ! 5 . black agent she do not know what the hell I be talk about ! yuppie man where exactly be gate f5 ? white agent just past f4 . have a day now folk . let 's hustle it up . asian woman sank you ! black agent no sweat . keep it move . the asian woman be not go anywhere . the black agent lean into she face and bark once like a dog . her smile turn to fear as she back away , end the race in a dead tie . both agent next ! reverse to show the woman they be compete for . she be a classy , sophisticated , blonde around thirty . Drop dead beautiful . she be startle by the sudden call from both man . she laugh off she little scare and then randomly choose the black agent . he shoot a smug victory grin over to he co - worker , who be be a overtly sore loser . molly hi , I be book on flight 94 to burbank . Molly mccall . black agent ( try way too hard ) California . fantastic . so do you travel quite a bit ? the white agent move to loiter around the black agent 's station , just to get a better look at molly . white agent hey derek . you get the number on the ( make it up as he go ) new , um , procedure for the , um , airport thing ... regard the , ah , plane ? ( to Molly ) whassup ? int . airport security checkpoint - day kirk be at he post . 6. stainer work the next x- ray belt , where a young rocker type be run a guitar case through . stainer stop the belt and move it back to get a better look . stainer Les Paul classic re-issue ? rocker ( smug ) no , it 's a sixty - five . mint . stainer fuck you . no way . the rocker boy look at he watch as stainer roll the case through and pop it open . rocker dude , I be late for my flight . stainer sorry , I have to search this case for , you know , explosive and such . this thing be sweet ! stainer take the guitar out and start riffing on it as the bin and bag pile up before he . at kirk 's station , Molly ( the blonde bombshell ) be crossing through . every guy who can see she have be strike dumb but kirk banter with she like he would anyone else . no flirt or stammer - just friendly and relaxed . kirk Morning . molly oh , hello again . kirk second trip in two day ? Molly be put she laptop back in she bag . molly uggh . yeah . it 's just a short hop to L.A. but they have get I go back and forth three day in a row . this client be kill I . kirk well hang in there kiddo and I guess I will see you tomorrow . 7. molly it 's a date . Molly 's long leg carry she toward the gate as every man except kirk watch . fuller saunter up and nudge kirk . fuller do 'ja see that ? Boy would I ever like to ... you know ... put my penis in she vagina . ( wink ) back at stainer 's station . as he put the guitar back in its case , he scratch it on the corner of the x-ray machine . stainer and rocker boy lock in shocked gaze . rocker what the hell !? he grab he guitar and inspect a wick scratch . stainer dude , I be so sorry . rocker sorry my ass ! this thing be worth more than you make in a year , you clumsy motherfucker ! stainer yeah , I bet it be but ... stainer point to a white sign mount in a acrylic stand . stainer ( cont 'd ) " tsa be not responsible for item lose or damage in the security screen process ... " stainer flip the sign around to reveal a few more word hand - write on the back . he read they aloud . stainer ( cont 'd ) " ... so fuck you . " int . hospital waiting room - night kirk enter to find he mother , a attractive old woman , sit with a short , plain woman about kirk 's age . kirk hey mom. hey marnie . 8. mrs . kettner oh , hi sweetie . across the room , kirk 's father be speak to a man who look a bit like kirk . the man be tell a funny story that crack up mr. kettner . the two pretend to box for a moment . kirk who 's that guy dad 's with ? marnie ( the plain woman ) stand and take kirk aside . marnie kirk , you have be really great about you mom and I stay so close since we break up but I know how much grammy mean to you ... well , be it okay with you that I be here ? kirk sure . it 's fine . ( it 's not ) marnie okay , good . then can I introduce you to my new boyfriend ? she lead kirk over to the man who be speak with he father . they be laugh again . marnie ( cont 'd ) ron , this be kirk . ron uh , oh - the ex . awkward ! ( ron and Mr. Kettner laugh ) no ! I be just jack - assin ' with you , pirate . great to meet you . how you do ? kirk I have be better . ron right . of course . I be sorry about you grandmother . it 's just so ... well , old people , you know , what be you gonna do ? kirk yeah . thanks . kirk 's brother eric and he fiance debbie enter from the hall . they be both in they late thirty and good-look for trailer trash . Debbie be about seven month pregnant . 9. eric Little brother . grammy want to see you . kirk okay . well , I better get in there . Eric and Debbie walk with kirk down the hall . eric listen , I be pretty sure she want to discuss the will . she will not tell we dick , so we be kind of hope you can grease the wheel . kirk okay , but you know grammy do not have all that much . once the hospital and ... and the ah ... eric yeah , yeah , the cremation and what not ... kirk well , it 's not go to leave enough to get work up over . debbie we have get a wedding to pay for , kirk and ... eric Debbie , let I handle this . we have get a wedding to pay for , numbnut , and you know Mom and dad be go to branson next month . now you always be grammy 's favorite so we be count on you to get in there and sort out what 's what . int . hospital - grammy' room in a dimly light hospital room , a very old woman lie in a bed . she be hook up to a i.v. and several monitor . kirk come in and force a smile . grammy 's voice be weak and shaky . grammy there you be Big slick . do you bring them ? kirk grammy , you really should not ... 10 . grammy just hand them over . I be on death 's door and you know it . kirk sit and reluctantly hand she a pack of cigarettes . grammy ( cont 'd ) oh , for Christ 's sake . filter ? grammy light up a smoke and savor a long drag . kirk tear up at how slightly he grandmother cling to life . kirk I love you grammy . grammy do not start that shit now . you be look at one lucky old broad who 's do a lot - skydiving , rollerderby , color fella . I get no complaint . so when the check come I do not want any blubber or bullshit outta you . just enjoy you life like I do mine and raise a glass to you old grammy once in a while . kirk hug she and he cry a bit . grammy ( cont 'd ) you know how much I love you kirk . int . airport security checkpoint - day Molly be come through kirk 's lane again . Mr. fuller step in and stop she before she cross through . fuller ma'am , could you please remove you jacket and shoe ? molly oh , sure . she do . fuller be leer at she stellar body . she 's about to go through when he stop she again . fuller why do not we go ahead and strip off that belt too while we be at it . Molly take a exasperate breath as she remove she belt . she start to move through but again fuller stop she with a raise palm . he then motion to she breast and crotch . 11 . fuller ( cont 'd ) any piercing you would like I to know about ? kirk why do not you just come on through , mar 'am , and we will see if anything set off the machine . Molly step through . the machine do not go off . she gather she thing and mouth a silent , " thank you " to kirk as she walk on . fuller glare at kirk but before he can say anything , randy , a young agent , call out from the office . randy kirk buddy ! phone call ! kirk walk over to take the call . fuller you best hope the terrorist be take personal call on the job too , mister ! kirk take the phone from Randy . kirk this be kirk Kettner . kirk 's expression tell we that some sad news be come in . int . airport coffee shop - day kirk sit at a table with a cup of coffee . he open he wallet and flip to a photo of a much young grammy and a eight - year - old kirk in a casino . grammy be smoking a cigarette and deal blackjack while kirk sit at the table . kirk tear up and put he face in he hand . Molly be pass . she see kirk and stop . molly oh geeze . please tell I I do not get you in trouble back there . kirk no , no . it 's not that . I ah ... I lose somebody today . Molly sit down and put she hand on he hand . 12 . molly oh my God . I be so sorry . I know ... I lose my grandmother a few month ago and I ... kirk tear up again and so do Molly . molly ( cont 'd ) you grandmother too ? and you be close ? oh , you poor thing . kirk try to keep it together . Molly look at the photo . kirk she use to be a blackjack dealer at the horseshoe . when I be little , she teach I and my friend how to play poker . turned we into a bunch of eight - year - old degenerate gambler . they share a sad laugh . kirk ( cont 'd ) so , you grandmother too , huh ? Molly remove a small clear- plastic booklet of photo from she bag and show a picture of she grandmother . molly my grammy keenan be ninety four but independent right to the end . she be always try to cook for everyone . you could not stop she . kirk oh , God , I know . grammy use to change she own oil . right up until a few month ago . she be ... do you change you own oil ? molly ( laugh ) no . I would not know where to begin . kirk I know , I neither . she could barley walk and I would come over and find she lie under she cadillac all cover in grease . they share a laugh and kirk be cheer up a bit . a announcement come over the PA . 13 . gate agent ... final board call for United flight 94 to burbank ... molly oh , geeze , that 's I . I be so sorry . kirk no , no . go catch you flight . Molly stand and offer she hand to kirk . molly I be Molly . kirk kirk Kettner . Molly squeeze kirk 's hand , grab she bag and trot off toward she gate . a businessman near kirk 's table reach over and give he a playful chuck on the shoulder . businessman Dead grandma . ( a nod and a cheek click ) Nice one . int . airport gate Molly arrive at the gate just in time to make she flight . int . airport coffee shop kirk gather he thing and notice that Molly leave she picture on the table . he look through they . in the last pouch be some business card that read , " Molly mccall - event planner . " her cell number be on the card . int . airplane 737 Molly be sit in a window seat . the flight be mostly empty . the two other seat in she row be unoccupy until a creepy businessman move from the row behind she to the seat next to Molly . he casually smile as though there be nothing odd about take the center seat while the aisle seat ( and many full row ) be open . Molly look at the vacant seat and then at he as if to say , " you have get to be kid . " creepy businessman how you doin ' ? Molly 's phone ring and she fumble to answer it . a female passenger sit two row back look annoyed . 14 . intercut : airplane / airport coffee shop molly hello ? kirk oh , hi. Molly mccall ? molly who 's call please ? kirk it 's kirk ... from the coffee shop . you leave you picture with I . if you tell I which gate you be at , I can run they right down to you . molly oh , no . I be already on the plane and we be push back right now . kirk okay , well I will leave they at the lose and find and when you get ... molly oh geeze , some of that be my only print . it would be such a huge favor if you could hold on to they for I . I be come back next week . kirk oh , sure . but how will I ... the female passenger hail the flight attendant . female passenger she 's talk on she phone . the creepy businessman give the woman the finger and then look to Molly for approval . he do not get it . molly I have you number in my phone . as soon as I get back I will call you and arrange to pick they up , okay ? thank you so much , kirk . Molly turn off she phone and hold it up for the flight attendant to see . molly ( cont 'd ) thanks . I be really sorry . 15 . creepy businessman you believe this prick ? so , what do you do ? dissolve to : int . vertigo club - night kirk come in and stop at the bar to order a beer . two man be wave to he from a table near the stage . kirk get he bottle and snake through the crowd toward he friend . on stage , stainer ( in he afro wig ) play guitar as he band finish the last chorus of " lovin ' , touchin ' squeezin ' . " stainer thank you ! we be go to take a little breakski but we will be back in a few minute to do Frontiers . the band turn to put down they instrument and the house music kick in . kirk arrive where he friend be stand at a high bar table . devon look like howdy doody at 33 . jack be good - look and dress semi-hipster . Devon give kirk a hug . devon hey kirk . how you be holdin ' up ? kirk it 's be a rough week but , you know , all of the service and family stuff keep you pretty busy ... I really miss she , though . Jack hug kirk as well . jack she sound like a hell of a lady . stainer ( o.s. ) oh , fuck yeah ! kirk 's grandma be the shit . stainer arrive , hug kirk and give he a kiss on the head . stainer ( cont 'd ) she 's with God now , buddy - and you just know she 's bustin ' he ball . kirk laugh and stainer raise he glass . 16 . stainer ( cont 'd ) to stella ! the guy all raise they glass and take a drink . this be just what grammy want and it 's cheer kirk up . kirk 's cell phone ring . he have to talk loud over the music . kirk hello ?... oh , hi. I be sorry I can barely hear you . I be at a club and .... Club vertigo ? oh , yeah - it 's right down the street from there ... okay , sound good . kirk hang up . jack what be that all about ? kirk nothing , just a passenger . she accidentally leave something with I . she 's go to stop in and pick it up I guess . devon she 's come here ? she a cute gal ? kirk very . stainer well alright dude ! that 's a leave - behind . she dig you ! kirk no she do not . trust I . stainer she do a leave behind and then just happen to be in the neighborhood ? she practically have she hand in you pants . kirk no , seriously - it 's nothing . she 's way out of my league . stainer dude , you say marnie be out of you league and let 's face it , marnie 's kinda nasty . 17 . marnie be stand behind stainer . he do not miss a beat . stainer ( cont 'd ) ... marnie ... do not you think marnie tomkin be kind of nasty ? marnie I do not know who that be . stainer oh , you do not know marnie tomkin ? she 's just this girl . I think you know she . anyway , she 's pretty nasty look ... but you be look good . marnie kirk , I be sorry about grammy . the guy slink away to give kirk and marnie some privacy . marnie ( cont 'd ) I realize she be never that crazy about I but I know how much you love she and I hope you be okay . kirk thanks . thanks , I will be alright . marnie listen , be you go to branson with you folk next month ? kirk no . it 's not really my thing . marnie what 's wrong with branson ? you too good for branson now ? kirk no. branson' ...awesome . marnie well , you mom invite ron and I along . we would love to go but not if it 's go to be weird for you . kirk consider this . it will be weird . marnie ( cont 'd ) ... I mean the ticket be non - refundable but it 's up to you . 18 . stainer overhear this and groan out loud . kirk no . you should go . I be sure you will have a great time . totally . marnie hug kirk . this make he uncomfortable . marnie kirk , I be sorry about what happen with we . you be go to make someone very happy someday , but you have to get over I first , okay ? be it a deal ? marnie hug he again and then depart . stainer she 's go to branson with you fuck parent ? and bring she new fuck boyfriend !? kirk yeah . he seem like a good guy , though . he 's a entrepreneur . across the room they see marnie return to ron with a hug . jack entrepreneur ? kirk , I know that guy . he own a pizza Hut . kirk so ? that 's a business . stainer it 's not even a real pizza Hut . it 's one of that strip - mall take - out one . they do not even have chicken wing . the guy 's a fuckin ' douche bag . kirk he 's get more go on than I do . that 's all I be say . stainer dude , you can do a hell of a lot better than she . devon one door close , another door open . 19 . stainer fuck you Devon , that do not even make any sense . but take this broad that 's come here tonight - I get a feel about she . you be gonna get on that . jack absolutely . visualize it . kirk I appreciate what you guy be try to do but , I be tell you , I have zero chance with this one and I be completely okay with that . devon that 's defeatist think . kirk no it be not . it 's just like say I will never go to the moon and I be okay with that too . stainer you be say you do not want to go to the moon ? that 's bullshit . kirk no. I be say that I never will go to the moon but I be not go to get down about it because , you know - I never expect to . stainer you do not know . Technology and shit . you might go to the moon . kirk wave to someone at the door . the guy look up . the guy ' Pov : Molly be step toward they - dress in a beautiful gown . they laugh the way you might laugh at a particularly brutal football tackle . devon Holy frijole . jack oh shit . yeah , you be right . stainer sorry , bro . you will go to the moon before you will hit that . no chance . 20 . kirk I tell you . Molly arrive at they table . molly hey ! there you be ! Molly hug kirk . from across the bar , marnie take notice . kirk here I be . molly I be sorry I be so overdress . I just come from a work thing . be you do okay with ... everything ? kirk oh , you know ... hey , this be my best friend - Jack , Devon and stainer . the guy ' i.q.s drop like stone as they shake she hand . molly stainer ? stainer yeah , just a nickname . do not really mean nothin' . kirk oh. here 's you picture - all safe and sound . kirk hand Molly the picture . molly thank you so much for take care of they for I ! I need to get some copy make . if I lose this ...uugh . kirk no trouble at all . molly hey , have you eat yet ? kirk um ... 21 . molly I be go to go grab a bite . let I buy you dinner to pay you back . kirk you do not have to pay I back . molly I know . I want to . come on ! the place across the street have the best greasy burger in town . kirk a burger do sound good . ( then to the guy ) I be go to just ah ... Molly wave goodbye and head for the door . kirk start to follow but stainer pull he back for a quick huddle . stainer dude . it 's cool that she 's buy you dinner but do not get you hope up about this one . kirk do not worry . believe I , I know . kirk catch up with Molly . marnie watch they exit . a big guy have overhear this and lean over to stainer . big guy good advice there friend . you boy be not get a prayer with that chick . stainer you talk shit about my buddy !? ' Cause I be give out free fuckin ' ambulance ride ! Big guy assess the crazy on stainer 's face and stand down . stainer ( cont 'd ) yeah , I do not think so ! int . burger joint - night kirk and Molly sit across from one another in a booth . the waiter arrive . waiter start you off with something to drink mar 'am ? 22 . molly I will have a bass . waiter and for you ... brother ? kirk what ? oh , I be not she brother . waiter oh , I be sorry . I just figure ... kirk you know what , a bass sound good . make that two . waiter great . sorry . the waiter exit . kirk so ... you know what I do , what about you ? you card say event planner . how would you get into that ? molly well , it be not the original plan . I go to law school . ended up at a big firm but I hate it . then , they ask I to plan the Christmas party . it be a big hit and a few month later I be do with law . kirk wow . molly I know . pernicious career move , right ? kirk oh , I do not know what that word mean . what be it ? Close on Molly 's smile . she find kirk 's unabash admission very refresh and endear . molly I be sorry . like , destructive or ... 23 . kirk oh , okay . no , I do not think that 's so perni ... gious ? molly pernicious . kirk good - new word . no , not pernicious at all . not if you enjoy the work . molly I really do . we do a lot of charity event and I get to work with some of the most amazing human being on some really fun project . next month I be do a cancer benefit with billy Joel . kirk wow . I love billy Joel . molly the only downside be I have to do a lot of public speak and I have always struggle with stage fright . kirk oh man - that 's my number one fear . I be terrify of get up in front of people . I would rather get a kentucky root canal . Molly laugh . a older good - looking man step up to the table and stand face she with he back to kirk . good - looking man Excuse I , I be just sit over at the bar and I be wonder ; have anyone tell you today that you be absolutely stun ? molly be you seriously hit on I right in front of my boyfriend ? he turn to kirk and both man start to laugh . good - looking man this be you boyfriend ? 24 . kirk oh , yeah right ! ( catch Molly 's unspoken instruction . ) but , yeah . I be she boyfriend , I guess , so ... good - looking man really ? wow. well ... sorry . kirk honest mistake . the man give kirk a wink and wander back to the bar . molly do you get a load of that hair - piece ? what be it with man ? I mean , look at you . you be bald and you be fine with it . a little dignity be all I be say . the toupee and plug and the teen - dream sport car ... oh geeze , I be sorry . do you drive a sport car ? kirk I drive a 94 Taurus . it 's get am / fm but I would not call it a sport car per se . Molly laugh and we hard cut through the follow snippet of conversation as they eat , chat and laugh . kirk ( cont 'd ) so here 's this little old lady try to go through security with six pound of weed in she girdle ! cut . the food be be serve . molly oh , my God ! I love that book ! cut . the waitress be pick up the empty plate . kirk so , a duck walk into a bar ... cut. Molly be laugh while she 's pay the bill . molly well , I have get a early morning . I should go . thanks for come along . this be really fun . and thanks again for help I out . 25 . kirk no , thank you for dinner . I feel bad that you will not let I ... molly oh , stop it . listen , I handle some of the charity event for the coyotes and I have get some ticket for the hockey game tomorrow night . you interested ? kirk be a bit take aback and confuse . be she actually ask he out on a real date ? kirk ( nervously ) um , sure . yeah , great . I mean , I be free tomorrow night . she dig two ticket out of she purse and hand they over . molly perfect . I hate to see they go to waste . there 's two so maybe bring stainer ? kirk 's expression be as much relief as disappointment . kirk oh , right . thanks ! thank you . ext . hockey arena - night kirk and stainer be on they way through security . a huge security guard run a metal - detector wand over stainer . stainer whatcha runnin ' there a px -235 ? guard I do not know sir . stainer the two hundred series be dog shit . you could not find a bazooka with that thing . you should look into the new eight fifty . guard can you keep it move sir ? 26 . int . hockey arena kirk and stainer arrive at the third row to find two open seat right next to the penalty box . to kirk 's surprise , in the next seat - Molly ! kirk elbow stainer . kirk hey , it 's Molly . she 's here . stainer ( perplexed ) huh . molly hey guy ! you make it ! hooray ! thanks for come . kirk oh , yeah . would not miss it . stainer thanks for the sweet seat ! molly guy , this be my best friend in the whole world , Patty . this be kirk and , um , stainer , right ? Patty be over 200 pound with a pretty face and a edge that come from a lifetime of take crap from moron . patty hey boy . Nice to meet you . molly Patty 's my assistant and my go - to gal . whatever you need , she can make it happen on a moment notice . patty you need a cock - shape cake with a cotton - candy bush deliver by four o'clock ? I be you connection . molly oh , and she like to shock people so do not let she freak you out . kirk how ' bout that . so , we be go to grab some beer . can we bring you lady anything ? beer ? nachos ? Patty , cotton candy ? 27 . int . hockey arena concession area stainer and kirk stand in the beer line . stainer that 's it . she 's set you up with the fat chick . kirk ooohhh ! okay ! okay ! that make sense , right !? when Molly be here I be like , " what ! ? " but , okay ! well , Patty seem cool . she 's funny . stainer well , yeah , she have to be . kirk what do that mean ? stainer nothing . the fat chick seem great . you never know , bro , that fat chick could wind up be the love of you life . kirk return a look of annoyance . stainer ( cont 'd ) Patty , I be say . Patty could be the love of you life . int . hockey arena the game have start . kirk , stainer , Molly and Patty be cheer . the puck smack the glass before they and another player skate up for it . as he muck it from the edge , he look up and see Molly . he 's distract just long enough to get brutally check face first into the glass . a penalty be call on the player who hit he . that player skate into the penalty box near Molly . the name on he jersey read , " reese . " he speak with a thick canadian accent . reese hey Molly ! yer lookin ' good , eh! molly that be a bogus call , Bobby . you skate barely leave the ice . reese I know . what 's that aboot , eh ? 28 . kirk ( nervously to reese ) yeah , that ref be like a total blindo , man . stainer blindo ? patty kirk , Molly 's sister be blind . kirk oh , I be sorry . I do not mean ... molly ( not offended ) oh , I know . it 's fine . int . broadcast booth the radio announcer be call the game . announcer forty five second leave on the power play and the shark be knock at the door . int . hockey arena reese so , after the game , you wanna party ? molly you know my policy on player , Bobby . and you might have notice we have already get date . the penalty end and the ref open the box but reese be not pay attention . reese come on , Molly . just give I a chance , eh. I be a great guy - ask any of this asshole . the crowd be boo reese . molly reese , you would better ... reese you can not seriously be blow I off for this two hoser . 29 . stainer hey ! fuck you reese ! you suck this year anyway ! reese raise he squirt bottle over the glass and squirt stainer . stainer ( cont 'd ) you dick ! stainer be immediately on he foot , climb the glass and try to pummel the huge player . Security be on he in a flash and drag he , kick &amp ; swear , out of the arena . reese wake up and skate out of the box but it 's too late . the shark score and the crowd revolt . a red-haire redneck woman , sit two row back , call out to Molly and company . red -haired woman you idiot just cost we a goal ! I hope you be happy ! patty you would better check that tone , reba ! you do not want I comin ' up there ! molly Patty ! stop it ! I will go see what I can do about stainer . kirk no , this be my fault , I will take care of it . molly no , it 's okay . I know the head of security . I will be right back . Molly exit and Patty sit back down next to kirk . kirk God , I be really embarrassed . patty that 's okay , if reese do that to I I would have go over the glass too . but I would have land a few before they get I . reese have be all over Molly ever since she dumped she boyfriend . I tell you , that girl have nothing but trouble when it come to man . 30 . kirk what ? how be that even possible ? she 's so ... patty tell I about it . I be no lezbo but sometimes she make I want to strap on - if know what I be say . kirk yeah . I think I do . patty it 's a curse , look like that . who have the ball to hit on she ? just the most arrogant a-hole like reese out there . kirk yeah , I suppose . patty listen , Molly bring I along tonight because , you know , she think I might be ' interested . ' kirk oh . oh yeah ? patty but , just for honesty 's sake , I be not interested . no offense . kirk no ! hey ! none take . I do not blame you . I know I be no Brad Pitt . that 's cool . patty what ? you ? no , I be talk about you pal , stainer . I know he 's you friend but he seem like kind of a dumbshit . ( then ) wait . why would you think I be talk about you ? kirk I be sorry . I do not mean to assume anything . patty oh my God . you do not have a clue do you ? Molly 's really into you . 31 . kirk oh , yeah right ! kirk laugh hard until he realize that Patty be not laugh . Patty 's nod say , " I be serious . " kirk ( cont 'd ) but ... why would ... patty a knockout like Molly be interested in a spud like you ? kirk well , yeah . patty get I . again , no offense . but listen , kirk , you dream girl just show up . try not to blow it . Close on kirk 's terrify expression . the SOUND of a bowl ball demolosh ten pin ... int . bowling alley - night the place be crowded and classic rock be cranking . it 's a old alley with overhead - projection score sheet . kirk , stainer and Devon sit and talk while Jack throw a strike . devon Atta boy jacker ! stainer it do not add up , kirk . if Molly 's so into you , why bring she friend and give you two ticket ? kirk she be hope to set Patty up with you . stainer oh , great . kirk it 's okay , she be not interested . stainer so you be say the hot babe in the world want you and the fat chick be not into I . will you listen to yourself ? fuck you . ( more ) 32 . stainer ( cont 'd ) what do Molly have to say about all this ? kirk I do not know , stainer , somebody get throw out of the game and I have to drive he home , remember ? devon pretty impressive catch , kirky . stainer there 's no way . do not get he all work up . her friend be fuckin ' with he . Molly say herself that Patty love to mess with people . devon kirk , you deserve a gal like she . and stainer , why do not you try to be a little more supportive . stainer why do not you try a little shut the fuck up , Devon . this week , we be not take dating tip from the guy who meet he wife in eighth grade . jack be we still bowl ? stainer pick up a crappy , beat up ball from the ball return . stainer all I be say be - she 's just too hot . no judgement on kirky , the guy 's just outgun here . kirk I can not argue with he . stainer go to the line . the bowler ( a pro-type with a custom ball and glove ) on the next lane be already stand about to roll . stainer start to step up . bowler yo , house ball ! I be up first . stainer oh for fuck ... what be it with you people ? bowler just wait you turn . 33 . stainer all this noise and bullshit in this place and I be such a distraction over here in you god damned peripheral vision !? kirk okay stain , take it easy . the bowler stand glaring back . stainer well !? fuckin ' roll then ! the bowler take another minute to set . stainer let out a long sigh . the bowler step to the line and stainer rush into he own delivery . both man throw gutter . the bowler come at stainer but they friend separate they . bowler you be lucky motherfucker ! stainer oh yeah !? bring it , brunswick ! devon stainer ! cool you jet , buster . the bowler 's friend drag he away . stainer take a deep breath before he shift right back into conversation mode . stainer okay . anyway ... I love kirky but let 's face it , the guy 's a three . devon stainer , that 's just dirty pool . he 's at least a four . stainer you be outta you fuckin ' mind - four ! you go ahead and pump rainbow up he ass . I be just be honest . stainer move the score sheet and then write a three on the glass . it project onto the overhead scoreboard . kirk I can live with three . 34 . stainer he 's a nice guy and he 's funny . that be a half a point each . stainer continue the equation on the projector . stainer ( cont 'd ) but he drive a shit box so we gotta deduct a point for that . devon kirk say she like he Taurus . stainer that 's so fuck , I will not even dignify it with a response . so we be back to three . meanwhile , this Molly be a hard ten . devon a hard ten ? stainer generally , if a broad be that hot you can deduct a few point for dumb or shallow but she go to law school and she sister 's blind . that 's a hard ten , friend , and that be rare . a seven point disparity - that 's a chasm . the most you can jump be two point . I can not even get a ten . jack oh , not even you , huh ? stainer I be a five , okay ? jack bullshit . then what be I ? stainer you be a seven and a half . jack Fine , you be a five then . stainer okay , so I get a two point bump for be in a band . that put I at seven . on a good day , most I can bag be a niner . 35 . kirk what about you shitty car ? stainer artist exemption . I be expect to have a shitty car . jack be there a artist exemption for be a jag-off ? stainer fuckin ' a there be . kirk stainer 's right . Patty be probably just mess around . it 's not a big deal . let 's just bowl . devon what about Rick ocasek ? billy Joel , Donald trump ... stainer yeah , dumbass . that be the wild - card . money and fame . jack so , if he be a millionaire ? stainer a mile be not what it once be , Jackie . Devon 's practically a millionaire for Christ sake . a mile might get you a eight but to bring down a ten now day - two million minimum . stainer finish the equation by write , " kirk = fucked . " kirk 's phone ring . he check the id and he eye go wide . kirk ( into the phone ) hey , Molly ... um , yeah , sure ... no , that sound good . yeah , I know where that be . um , okay , yeah ... see you then . kirk hang up and gape at he friend , who wait in suspense . kirk ( cont 'd ) Holy crap . ( daze pause ) she just ask I out for tomorrow night ! 36 . kirk exchange fives , fist , tip and hug with Devon and Jack . stainer shake he head , still not buy it . int . bowling alley men' room kirk run into the otherwise empty restroom . he stare into the mirror and he smile fade into panic . he splashes water on he face . he reach for a paper towel but the dispenser be empty . kirk ( to himself ) it 's okay . get it together . guy do this all the time . you can do this . you can make it happen . random man' voice ( o.s. ) ( from inside a stall ) you better not be jerk off in the sink , man ! ext . airport parking lot - day kirk 's Taurus pull into a space . he climb out and slam the door . as it close , he reach but too late . he look through the window . the key be hang in the ignition . int . airport shuttle bus willy , the Russian driver , be chipper and bubbly as he sing along with " I be like a Bird " on the radio . kirk be knock around by willy 's crazy drive . in the mirror , willy notice kirk 's daze expression . willy ( thick accent ) kirk ! you look like someone make a second number in you breakfast cereal . you be do okay , yes ? kirk you know what willy . I honestly do not know how I be do . willy he do not know ! kirk I should be do awesome but I do not know . know what I mean ? willy nope ! 37 . kirk how be you ? willy perfect ! willy be have another kick ass of a day . willy take a hard leave and some suitcase fall on kirk . int . airport food court - day kirk be pick up a coffee . as he walk on , he take a sip . the lid come off and hot coffee spill on he shirt . stainer ( o.s. ) Way to go , Big slick . stainer be now next to kirk , who glare back at he as they walk across the food court . a short , plain girl behind the Orange julius counter give they a apprehensive wave . stainer ( cont 'd ) oh , shit . let 's go this way . stainer return a uncomfortable smile but then redirect they path away from she . kirk wave . kirk who 's that ? stainer nobody . just some chick I bone once when I be drunk . you look like shit , bro . kirk thanks . I have trouble sleep last night . this Molly thing ... I do not want to want this , you know ? it just seem too good to be true . I just do not get it . stainer I know what you mean . there have to be some explanation . kirk I can not think of one . not one that make any sense . 38 . stainer well , let 's spitball it a little . you have get dick for money so she 's no gold digger . oohh ! do you ever see double Indemnity ? kirk please do not say she want I to kill someone . stainer okay , then ... maybe she 's on a scavenger hunt . you know , like find a wagon wheel , a wiffle ball bat and a fat , bald tsa agent - that kind of thing . kirk be no longer respond . stainer ( cont 'd ) oh , shit , dude . Al Qaeda . think about it . you be a tsa agent , she 's a terrorist ... kirk walk away . ext . old strip mall - day kirk , still in he tsa uniform , walk past a large laundromat to a small storefront next door . the chip and fade lettering on the glass read , " maury hammerstein , Attorney at Law - aggressive , Dynamic representation since 1942 ! " as kirk reach for the door , he notice a small hand - write sign , " I do not make change ! " he go inside . int . law office Wood panele , buzzing fluorescent light and furniture the salvation Army would sell only as firewood . Eric and Debbie sit with kirk 's parent . there be two elderly woman and another middle age man in the room as well . maury , who 's about a hundred year old - cute and meek , fuss with a ancient vcr while smoking a cigarette . kirk sit down next to Eric . kirk notice a free bank calender on maury 's desk - date 1991 . eric it 's about time , numbnut . kirk I come right from work . 39 . mr. kettner okay maury - we be all here . maury oh ! you bet ! you betcha ! okay , hi there kirk . firstly , let I just say how awful sorry I be . stella be one heck of a gal and a real dish . anyhow , let I just ... maury get the vcr go . " wheel of fortune " come up on the screen . maury ( cont 'd ) oh mercy . I do not tape over she with the wheel do I ? the picture go to snow and then stutter into a shot of grammy sit in she kitchen . she have just click the video camera on with a remote control . maury ( cont 'd ) oh , good . there she be . grammy test . one , two , three , four . oh , this God damned thing ! she get up and fuss with the camera . grammy ( cont 'd ) jap piece of shit ! be it on !? cutaway to kirk tear up . grammy sit back down . grammy ( cont 'd ) okay , my name be stella edith dakin and if you be watch this , I be dead as a doorknob and I be not spend all my money yet . I get shit to do today so I be go to get right to it . this be my last will and testament and if you miss anything the old Jew 's get the paperwork . okay , here 's the deal ... everyone besides kirk lean in , excited to hear what they might get . a phone ring . maury look around but the ringing be come from the tv . grammy answer the phone . 40 . grammy ( cont 'd ) hello ? I be kind of busy right now Eric ... oh , for God 's sake , boy ! how can you be sure it 's even yours ? it could be practically anybody 's !... no , I be not pay for that !... well , then I guess you be go to be a daddy . congratulation , now I gotta go ! she hang up , put on she glass and light up a smoke . grammy ( cont 'd ) anyway ! I love all of you , despite some of the shit you pull , but I spend my life a gambler and I always put my money on the best bet . the odd of any of you fish do anything worthwhile with my stack be slim to none . so old grammy 's go all in on Big slick . everyone look at kirk who be stunne . grammy ( cont 'd ) I be proud of you , kirk . do not let you old grammy down . do something good with it . she blow a kiss , lift the remote and aim it at the camera . grammy ( cont 'd ) oh , for Christ sake ! she throw the remote at the lens . the picture go to snow . eric so kirk get it all !? that be bullshit ! kirk Eric , it can not be much . eric well !? maury dig into he desk and pull out a mess of papers . he don a pair of glass that make he eye look gigantic . maury let 's see here ... look like she have herself six G 's in savings . ( more ) 41 . maury ( cont 'd ) um , another three grand in bond , give or take . her life insurance will pay pert - near seventy grand . he add this up on a old add machine ( the kind with the hand crank ) and write $ 77,800 on a chalk board , which be mount on the wall behind he . eric she leave he eighty grand !? maury most of stella 's retirement home expense be cover by she reverse mortgage . but , figure in thirty thousand still due to arborwood Village . she rack up forty - seven thousand in medical bill . and my fee , of course , which now stand at two thousand and change - which be real reasonable , folk . he write " liability = $ 79,000 total - $ 1,200 . " eric so kirk owe money !? ha ! shit , man ! that be God damn hilarious ! int . french restaurant - night the upscale restaurant be crowded . kirk and Molly be eat at a small table . kirk be not relaxed like he have be the last time they eat together . he be sweat and try to remain cool . the maitre d be eyeing they suspiciously . molly but , you can not legally be hold responsible for she debt . what kind of hack be this attorney ? kirk it 's okay . I have it in savings . the waiter bring a drink to Molly . waiter ( french accent ) Madame . from ze gentleman in ze grey suit . from he table , a good look man smile and raise a drink to Molly . she nod back - polite but annoyed . 42 . kirk anyway ... grammy hate owe anyone money . I be afraid she could not rest if she be not square with the house . it 's the least I can do . she practically raise I . molly you be a good man , kirk . Molly smile and take he hand . the maitre d be watch and get angry . the waiter return with another drink . waiter from ze gentleman in ze purple tie . another guy raise he glass to she from the bar . Molly be get irritate . kirk be feel smaller every minute . molly listen , no more drink . please . waiter of course . no more drink , madame . molly I be sorry . this happen sometimes . kirk yeah , I get that a lot too . I be sure the next one will be for I . Molly laugh . the best look man kirk have ever see walk up to the table . he and Molly hug . molly oh , my gosh ! talon ! I do not realize you be in town already . talon I just fly in this morning . molly kirk , this be talon . this be my good friend , kirk . talon great to meet you , sir . talon give kirk a win handshake , complete with wink . 43. talon ( cont 'd ) so , do we have you for we disabled angel Program again this year ? molly would not miss it . talon that 's fantastic . ( to kirk ) mol be always a big hit with the kid . molly please . you be the one the kid go crazy for . kirk so you two work together ? molly only once a year . talon be we charity liaison at the air show . talon and ? molly and my ex-boyfriend . kirk start to choke . he grab he water glass and take a swig but the ice collapse and the water pour all over he . kirk oh , boy . I guess I better ... kirk head off to the bathroom , mutter to himself . kirk ( cont 'd ) stupid . stupid . stupid . int . french restaurant men' room kirk be drying he shirt . a man be still zipping up as he take the next sink . before wash , he offer a handshake . max Excuse I . my name be Max Fleming . I be a financial planner . kirk take the handshake reluctantly and then get a business card . Max then start to wash up - so do kirk . kirk oh , hi . 44 . max please forgive I but I be curious . who manage you portfolio ? kirk my portfolio ? I do not really ... Max take the last paper towel - force kirk to drip dry . max it 's okay if you would rather not say . I admit that sell my service in a men' room be a tad aggressive but be not that what a man of you mean require in he financial planner ? kirk my mean . max judge by the company you be keep , I would say that you be make a handsome live . I can help you do even better . int . french restaurant restroom hall kirk exit read Max 's card - somewhat bewilder . the maitre d stop kirk and speak in a french accent . maitre D excusez-moi monsieur . might I have a word ? kirk oh , sure . be everything all right ? the maitre d look around and then lean in and speak quietly - now without the french accent . maitre D my kid eat here . my mother 's here right now you son of a bitch . kirk okay . do I ... maitre D look , I can appreciate that this be not some common street - walker . you be obviously willing to pay for the best but we can not have this kind of thing at my place . 45 . kirk what ? I be not pay anyone . we be just on a date . maitre D you be on a date with she ? what be I a idiot ? now , I do not wish to embarrass you , sir , or make a scene . so , enjoy you dinner but , be warn , do not ever bring another professional into my place . ( louder and back into the french accent ) tres bien monsieur ! int . french restaurant when kirk round the corner , he see that Molly and talon be still talk . kirk hide behind a plant . Molly be beam . she stand to hug talon and kiss he cheek before he exit the restaurant . kirk return to the table . kirk oh , no . do I miss talon ? molly he have to go but he ask I tell you how much he enjoy meeting you . kirk yeah . Super . he , uh , seem like a great guy . molly he be . he 's wonderful . I know , I know - the blue eye and the rock hard abs , right ? but he 's really so much more than that . a gallery in New York just open a exhibit of he photography . he 's a genius . kirk ( to the waiter ) can we get the check ? waiter Madame , you bill have be cover by ze woman in ze raider jacket . a butch woman in the bar raise a glass in Molly 's direction . int . molly car - night Molly and kirk pull into a parking lot . 46 . molly oh my gosh ! this be you apartment ? I use to live in this neighborhood back in college . kirk yeah , I be gonna move to a better place pretty soon . molly we use to come to party over here sometimes . oooohh . can I come up and see you place ? ext . kirk apartment it 's Friday night and several college party be raging in the complex . kirk lead Molly up the stair and down the balcony hall toward he door . they pass a few college student on the way ; a couple make out , a guy vomit in a bush . two apartment window be cover with tapestry of Bob marley and a giant pot leaf . int . kirk apartment kirk and Molly enter . the apartment be neat , clean and fairly sparse . kirk it 's not much , I know . molly no , I like it ! Molly walk around and examine certain item . kirk quietly hide a frame picture of marnie . Molly pass he computer desk where she coo at a screensaver of baby polar bear . just as she pass it , she bump the mouse and the computer come to life , revealing a " hot back - door asian " website . Molly do not see it and kirk scramble to turn off the monitor . she turn to see what he 's do . he smile . she move on to a rack of dvd . molly ( cont 'd ) wow , we have a lot of the same dvd . life of Brian , cool Hand luke , family guy ... beach , kirk ? kirk what ? it 's a good movie . molly I love that movie . 47 . she spot a crate full of vinyl record . molly ( cont 'd ) wow , record . no Way ! look at all this cheap trick ! kirk you like cheap trick ? molly be you kid ? Heaven tonight be the first album I ever own ! a hand - me-down from my big sister . she be the coolest person in the whole world . she notice a upright piano in the corner . molly ( cont 'd ) you play the piano ? kirk a little . my grandma teach I . it be kind of we thing . she be a great player . ragtime , show tune , that kind of thing . I be really not very good . she plop down on the couch . molly oh , I will bet you be great . play something for I . kirk no , I can not really play in front of people . molly what , the stage fright thing ? come on it 's just I . please ? kirk no , I really can not . trust I , you be not miss anything . kirk decide to join she on the couch but then he balk into a little dance of almost sit . he finally commit to sit . molly so you have never play in front of anyone ? 48 . kirk nope . almost do once . a talent show in high school . I just sit up there drench in sweat . I really think I could do it but then I make my big mistake . molly let I guess . you look at the audience . kirk yep . all this eye on I . I be shaking , my head be spin , I be try to remember if I even play the piano ... and then , I puke . molly right there on the stage ? kirk into the piano actually . molly shut up ! you be lie ! why would you do that ? kirk it be a reflex . I be try not to barf on the floor . turn out it 's a lot easier to clean puke off a stage than out of a baby grand . molly yeah , that have to be a real bitch . oh , I should not be laugh . you poor thing . Molly brushes he hair back with she hand . kirk be freeze with fear . Molly lean in . kirk also lean in but not too far . Molly smile , realize that it 's up to she to make this official . she take he by the collar , reel he in and kiss he . they make out for a moment . kirk be near panic but he do he best to keep it together . kirk sorry . I be a little cotton -mouthed . I be go to get a glass of water . how ' bout for you ? Water ? a nice glass of , you know ... water ? molly yeah . that sound good . 49 . kirk step away from she and disappear into ... int . kirk apartment kitchen he pour a glass of water . he 's about to return when he see he reflection in the window . the boner under he khakis be not subtle . he look down and start to panic . kirk um ... you want anything to eat ? molly ( o.s. ) no thanks . kirk open the fridge and thrust he pelvis in . he take a few deep , calming breath . he close the fridge - still at full alert . kirk search the kitchen , he panic building . he grab a time Magazine . he flip through frantically . he turn to a bikini model in a ad , then a naked aboriginal woman , then bare breast in a breast cancer article . kirk oh come on ! he be sweat like crazy . molly ( o.s. ) can I give you a hand ? kirk no. I get it ! kirk finally flip to a picture of Barbara Bush . he stare at it hard . his boner begin to retreat . int . kirk apartment molly listen kirk , I want you to know that I would really like to , you know , to be with you tonight . kirk ( o.s. ) really ? int . kirk apartment kitchen the boner pop back up . kirk silently mouth , " motherfucker ! " at he mischievous little man . molly ( o.s. ) well , sure . but ... I just do not think I be ready yet . 50 . kirk 's reply be rush with enthusiastic relief . kirk sure ! sure ! yeah ! no problem ! great ! that 's ... that 's great ! Ice !? you want some ice !? molly ( o.s. ) sure . kirk open the freezer . he put a few cube in she water and then grab a fistful and shove he hand in he pants . int . kirk apartment Molly get cozy on the couch and look even sexier . molly I mean , do not get I wrong . I want to ! believe I - get naked and crazy sound fantastic right now . kirk ( o.s. ) shit ! molly be you okay ? kirk ( o.s. ) yeah , fine . int . kirk apartment kitchen kirk run the water while he dig under the sink . he find duct tape . he pull some tape off the roll . it make a loud noise that cause Molly to pause and kirk to tense up . kirk open he pants and begin taping down the trouble - spot . he cough hard to cover each subsequent tug of the tape roll . molly ( o.s. ) I just think we should get to know each other first . I be no prude . I mean , I be pretty generous in bed . once I trust a person , I like to experiment and get pretty wild . kirk oh , dear God . molly ( o.s. ) but , I just need to feel safe first . 51 . kirk finish taping up , zip he pants and check he profile in the reflection from the window . int . kirk apartment kirk return with two glass of water and no visible boner . kirk hey . I be totally fine with that . molly you be the best . kirk give a " aw - shuck " head tilt . Molly stand . molly ( cont 'd ) okay , well , I would better go then . they walk to the door . Molly lean in and they kiss a few moment more . kirk wince as the tape be get a little snug . she drop she key and then go down on one knee to retrieve they . suddenly she start cough . she put she fist over she mouth . kirk 's Pov : as she head and fist bob in front of he crotch . kirk wince again . she hear the tape start to give way . she look up , slightly confuse . kirk look around as though he 's look for the source of the sound . Molly stand . molly ( cont 'd ) I have a really nice time . I will call you tomorrow . kirk great ! kirk open the door for Molly . ext . kirk apartment as Molly exit , she give he one last kiss . two studly male college student be play foosball on they patio . they stop when one point out the hottie who 's kissing kirk . Molly trot off . college student # 1 damn , man ! that chick be fine ! kirk return a cool " whassup " nod to the guy . college student # 2 all right Mr. Kettner ! 52 . college student # 1 you wanna play some foos !? kirk no thanks fella . kirk beam from the attention as he go back inside . int . kirk apartment he drift over to he piano and sit down . the joy of what have just happen be plaster on he face . he launch into a furiously happy Jerry Lee Lewis style romp . soon a neighbor be pound on the wall . kirk stop play . kirk sorry , Mrs. neusbaum ! kirk continue he celebration , dance around the apartment . he pick up the picture of marnie and speak to it . kirk ( cont 'd ) ron seem like a swell guy . I love pizza Hut . what ? who 's this ? why , this be my girlfriend , Molly . oh , do not be that way . oh , there , there , now . here 's a tissue . he drop the picture and continue the dance . int . kirk apartment bedroom - night kirk lie in bed stare at the ceiling fan . the smile continue as he drift off to sleep . time lapse as kirk sleep and the sun come up . still smile , he eye open like a shot and he reach for he phone - " no miss call . " montage over music : 1 ) kirk get up and go into the bathroom . he check he gut and hairline in the mirror . 2 ) from under he bed , he pull out a total gym still in the box . it be dusty , unopen and have a ribbon still attach along with a card that read , " happy graduation - Love Mom and dad . " he sit in the live room bewilder as he read the direction . the part be spread out all over the floor . he work out on the machine but it soon violently collapse underneath he . he check he phone . " no miss call . " 3 ) he throw away unhealthy snack and treat from the cupboard . 53. he open a untouched box of healthy bran and fill a bowl . he watch cartoon as he heaps sugar on the healthy cereal and then check he phone . " no miss call . " 3 ) he surf the web . he read info on the Hair Club for Men site . he move to hot_or_not.com . the first woman be very pretty . he rate she a seven , the next be also pretty and get another seven , the next girl be very unattractive . her score be three . kirk feel bad for she and rate she a ten . he check he phone . he move on to " backdoorasians.com . " 4 ) kirk watch a connery James bond movie on tv . the lower third read , " amc 's 24 hour of bond . " no miss call . the sun be set and bond be now Roger Moore - no miss call . kirk dig a box of ding dong out of the trash and eat they as he watch . it 's dark outside and kirk be in bed watch timothy dalton - no miss call . the morning light be creep in as pierce brosnan do the drive and kirk be still awake look devastate - no miss call . 5 ) kirk be at a convenience store buy milk . he be a mess - tired , unshaven , wear a frumpy sweatsuit . he pass the magazine rack and something catch he eye . it 's a gorgeous picture of Molly on the cover of Phoenix entrepreneur Magazine . kirk hold up the magazine and then catch he own reflection in a mirror on a sunglass rack . 6 ) kirk be walk home . every street sign , billboard and T - shirt he see read , " no missed call . " music fade out int . kirk apartment bathroom - day he stand in the shower sulk . he hear the phone ring in the next room . he jump out , grab a small towel and start to dry off as he run into the bedroom . he reach the charge base but the phone be not there . he stand and listen hard to the ringing . he run into the live room . angle on the phone . it 's hide under a pillow on the couch . in the background , kirk rush around the room flipping up papers and magazine . the phone keep ringing and kirk 's panic increase until he finally spot the phone . kirk dive for it , lose he towel in the process . kirk hello !? hello !? stainer ( v.o. ) take you long enough . what be you do , take a growler ? kirk notice a woman on the landing outside behind he . she can see he ass through the window . he cover up . 54 . kirk sorry , Mrs. nuesbaum . ext . downtown shopping district - day kirk and stainer come out of a record store and walk past the shop and restaurant . kirk hold a stack of flyer for stainer 's band . as they walk , kirk hand flyer to stainer who post they on wall and kiosk with a staple hammer . stainer kirk , it 's a simple rule of life . look around . people be pretty evenly match . kirk and stainer look at the couple that stand at the bus stop , sit in the outdoor cafe and walk down the sidewalk . each couple be fairly closely match - pretty with pretty , ugly with ugly , heavy with heavy , fit with fit . kirk yeah , but stainer , she be the one who ask I out . so , why ... stainer that first night , be you intimidate by she ? kirk no , I do not think I have a chance . stainer exactly . so you be relaxed and funny . you be on . stainer post several " wheel in the Sky " flyer on a kiosk . kirk so I gotta get back to that . stainer that 's just it , kirky . now that she 's open the door , you can not get back to that . kirk so I will have to fake it ? stainer forget it . you can not fake that far . a broad like she - she will smell that horseshit a mile away . 55 . kirk and stainer enter a ... ext . cafe front patio ... and take a table on the crowded patio . stainer can we get a couple of menus ? ( then to kirk ) you eat ? kirk maybe just a salad . stainer dude , one salad be not go make up for thirty year of chili dog . kirk I know . but I get dinner with my folk later . stainer fun . be sure and stab you brother in the eye with a fork for I . kirk sorry , Eric 's not come tonight . kirk motion toward a mismatch couple ( nerdy guy with knockout girl ) who pass kirk and stainer 's table on they way to the valet stand . stainer roll he eye . kirk ( cont 'd ) you know what - this be ridiculous . I be just go to call she . stainer fuck you be ! put that thing away . you do not call she . do not you get it ? talon be back in town . kirk no , she break up with he . stainer so , you be tell I you be sit there , a sweat , quivering stutter - bucket and when you come back from the can , Molly 's hugging a guy who 's so good look you would probably fuck he . what do you think she 's do this weekend ? 56 . kirk so what be I suppose to do ? stainer what can you do ? she have not call - she 's not go to . kirk you be probably right . stainer just count yourself lucky . you get to kiss a goddess and you get out before she recalibrate you hardware . a chick like that can raise the bar too high and then once she dump you , nobody else measure up . kirk no , you be right . you know what - it 's good . it 's better . I be actually relieved . you should have see this talon guy . man ! all I have be think about be have to be naked in front of she . I do not need that kind of pressure . the valet pull a red Ferrari up to the mismatch couple and the nerdy guy open the door for she . stainer shake he head as if to say , " be there even a doubt ? " kirk 's phone be sit on the table - it ring . kirk and stainer can see Molly 's name on the caller id . stainer do not do it ! the phone ring again . kirk glance down at the phone . stainer keep a stern eye on kirk . ring ! Close on kirk 's eye turn weak . ring ! Close on stainer 's threaten eye . ring ! kirk give up and look away . stainer 's eye calm . kirk snatch the phone but stainer grab kirk 's wrist , pin it to the table . ring ! kirk cut it out ! stainer let it go ! 57 . ring ! kirk reach for the phone with he other hand but stainer 's free hand intercept it and this arm flail around like battle snake . kirk press the button to answer the call and , instead , move he head down to the phone . kirk hello !?... oh , no problem ! yeah I be super busy yesterday anyway . stainer would you look at yourself ? stainer let go and kirk sit up and back away . kirk well , I have dinner with my folk tonight ... oh , I would not want to subject you to they ... okay . if you want to . I can pick you up ... kirk give a confident smile and a " I tell you she would call " nod . stainer cross he arm and shake he head . kirk ( cont 'd ) oh , sure . well then let I call you back in a few minute and I will give you direction . alrighty . yeah . buh -bye . stainer well , I guess you just solve that . a hour with you family and she will file for a restrain order . kirk no. Eric 's not go to be there . it 's go to be good . you might be wrong about Molly . she might ... stainer spot a round little boy posting a " lose puppy " flyer over one of the ten he just post on the kiosk . stainer ( to the boy ) whoa ! I do not think so spanky ! a little lower ! the boy instead post it over a " walk for a cure " poster . ext . kirk parent ' home - evening Molly drive up and stop in front of a small home on a quaint residential street . 58 . she climb out of she car , check the address on a small sheet of paper . she see kirk sit on the front porch . kirk you find it ! molly I have good direction ! she step up the front walk toward kirk , who point to a little yellow note tape to the front door . kirk I be sorry . my folk be not back yet . we be lock out . molly you do not have a key ? kirk no . my dad 's kind of obsessed with home-security . like someone 's go to break in and steal he reader 's digest collection . a very old man wobble out of the house next door with a beagle on a leash . the man struggle a bit with the dog . kirk ( cont 'd ) hi , Mr. riley ! mr. riley well , howdy kirk ! kirk hey , what do say you take the night off and I will take noodle around the block for you ? ( to Molly ) be you up for a walk ? molly that sound great . mr. riley geeze kirk , that 's mighty nice . kirk jog over to take the leash . noodle jump up on kirk . he and Molly pet the excited dog . kirk ( baby talk ) yes ! always happy to see you , pretty girl ! yes you be a pretty girl ! yes you be ! 59 . Molly take note - animal lover - big point . mr. riley you be a good boy , kirk . kirk it 's no trouble at all . Molly and kirk start down the sidewalk with noodle . a old woman come out of the next house with she dog on a leash . old woman honey !? be you back in business !? kirk ( to Molly ) I have a little neighborhood dog - walk service when I be a kid . ( to the woman ) no problem , Mrs. D , we can take norton along too ! several soft -fade cut as kirk and Molly move through the neighborhood . soon they have a third dog . kirk point out landmark as they talk and laugh . now they have a fourth dog . Molly take he arm . the evening light be a bit dimmer as they give noodle back to Mr. riley . kirk turn toward he parent ' house . now there 's a car park in the driveway and a jack - up , knobby - tired pick - up park out front . the truck have two bumper sticker ( " one Nation under GOD ! " and " no fat chick ! " ) flanking a vanity license plate that read , " erix - toy . " kirk 's shoulder slump at the sight of it . kirk ( cont 'd ) hey , you know what I be think , let 's go get chinese . molly what be you talk about ? I want to meet you family . they start toward the door . Molly 's cell phone ring . molly ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . it 's Patty . I have get to take this . go ahead . I will be right in . int . kirk parent ' home - evening kirk come through the front door to find he father in the live room watch a hockey game . 60 . kirk hey dad . mr. kettner ( without look up ) kirk . mrs . kettner ( o.s. ) hi sweetie ! Eric step out of the kitchen with three beer . eric Close the door , fucknut . kirk hey Eric . I think you be hang drywall tonight . eric Nah . fuckin ' leroy fire I again . like that dick never come to work with a little buzz on . kirk okay , listen , I bring a date tonight . I really like she . please do not embarrass I in front of she . I will do anything you want . eric I promise I will not mention she goiter . Eric and dad crack up . a flush sound and then ron come out of the bathroom . he 's buckle up . kirk 's shoulder drop again . ron I do like you say Mr. K. Eric toss ron and Mr. Kettner each a beer . kirk oh , hey ron. so marnie 's here ? marnie appear in the door of the kitchen . she 's hold a corningware pot fill with mashed potato . Molly finish she call . she 's up the front step and kirk let she in . Eric , ron and Mr. Kettner be stunne . marnie drop the pot and it smashes on the floor in front of she . 61 . Mrs. Kettner and Debbie rush out to see what marnie be gape at . Debbie ( still pregnant ) be immediately threaten by the way Eric be look at Molly . kirk ( cont 'd ) everyone , this be Molly mccall . kirk 's never see he family so impressed . he can not hide he grin . ron pop the cap off he beer and it overflow a bit . int . kirk parent ' kitchen - night kirk , Molly , Mr. &amp ; Mrs. Kettner , marnie , ron and Debbie sit around the kitchen table and feast on a meatloaf dinner . Eric be at the fridge grab a beer . marnie be angrily watch ron whose eye be all over Molly . eric you want another one dad ? mr. kettner you read my mind . mrs . kettner you two take it easy now . we have guest . ( then ) Eric honey , I be sure if you apologize to leroy , he will take you back . Eric return to the table with the beer . eric Nah , fuck he . anyway , leroy be not payin ' shit ever since he truck in all that spic from fresno . kirk geeze Eric ! ron look offended and raise a palm to indicate that ... ron I get this , kirk . Eric , before you go bad-mouthin ' a whole group of people , you should know that my grandmother on my father 's side be from fresno . eric hey , I be sorry . I do not know . ( then ) so , Molly . what do you do ? molly I be a event planner . 62 . eric you see ? that 's use you head . that 's a business to get into . molly well , thank you Eric . eric Book a band , blow up a few balloon and people pay out the ass for it . kirk there 's a little more to it than that , Eric . Molly handle some big event . she 's even do a benefit with billy Joel next month . molly ( playfully ) actually , Eric 's right . just a few balloon . Molly smile to reassure kirk that she can handle herself . ron you know , Molly , I be a business owner myself . a little restaurant . marnie I would not really call it a restaurant , ron . ron we serve food that people eat . so - restaurant . marnie it 's a pizza Hut with no table . it 's a take out place . eric so , Molly , I and Debbie here be get hitched . what do you get for a wedding job ? kirk raise he eyebrow into " please - behave - yourself " puppy dog eye . Eric shoot back a " oh whatever " sneer . molly hmmm . honestly , I do not really do a lot of wedding . I specialize more in fund -raiser , corporate event , that kind of thing . ( more ) 63. molly ( cont 'd ) right now I be work on the annual benefit for the Children 's Cancer Center . eric but you have do wedding . molly I have do a few . eric so , what do you get for one ? kirk dad , could you ... debbie do not get you panty in a wad , kirk . he 's just make conversation . molly geeze , there be so many factor that affect the cost of a wedding . eric we be look at about two hundred people and we be gonna do this whole nascar theme . debbie I be get a kick - ass dress make out of actual checker flag and Eric be go to be in a orange tux with a big Home Depot logo on the back and tony Stewart 's number 20 on the shoulder . molly oh , how fun ! eric so what 's the damage for supervise something like that ? kirk Eric , please . eric I be just talkin ' ballpark . I be be not gonna try and Jew she down . 64 . molly okay . before expense , my base fee for a non-charity event be fifteen thousand . so , I would ballpark that somewhere around twenty - five grand . eric ( stunned ) fuck a duck . for a moment everyone be chew and there be a break in the conversation . kirk be get wound up tighter and tighter . eric ( cont 'd ) so you be make a comfortable live , you seem like you get you head together more or less and Christ , look at ya . what the hell you do with numbnut here ? mrs . kettner Eric ! eric come on , ma - we be all think it . mrs . kettner Molly , I be so sorry . molly no , it 's fine . the truth be , kirk and I be just get to know one another but so far , I think he 's decent , he 's funny and ... you know , when we first meet , kirk ask I in all sincerity if I know how to do a oil change . Eric , ron and Mr. Kettner each let out a quick burst of " yeah right " laughter . molly ( cont 'd ) I know ! and , you be right , I do not but ... I just love that he ask . a moment pass as they all process this . the woman at the table all know exactly what Molly mean . the man be simply confuse . eric funny ? kirk be funny ? tell we a joke there sinbad . 65 . mrs . kettner ( to kirk ) well I hope you can hold onto this one pumpkin . ( to Molly ) when marnie break up with he he be devastate for month , the poor little guy . marnie look up , surprised and touch by the comment . kirk be mortify . eric no shit , when you dump he , he 's liable to kill himself . kirk rub he own head to keep it from explode . Molly calm he with a hand on he back . this move be not lose on marnie . int . kirk parent ' bathroom - later kirk splashes water on he face and then look for a towel but can not find one . he 's force to use he sleeve . he be a wreck . he take a deep breath and step out into ... int . kirk parent ' home entry hall ...to find marnie at the front door put she coat on . kirk be you head home ? marnie get to get home and let peanut out . ( she wipe some lint off of kirk 's shirt sleeve . ) kirk , you look really good . kirk thanks . you do too . marnie smile a sad smile . marnie ron ! let 's go ! ron I be come ! it be really fantastic to meet you Molly . if you ever need a pizza ... ron give Molly a hug that make marnie as uncomfortable as it do Molly . he then pass kirk as he cross to the front door , carry a pile of foil over paper plate . 66 . ron ( cont 'd ) cripe kirk ! crack a window in there pirate ! hahaha ! ron and marnie exit . kirk walk back into ... int . kirk parent ' kitchen Mrs. Kettner and Molly be clean up . kirk Molly , you do not have to do that . molly no , it 's fine . mrs . kettner you let we have some girl time . take this downstairs to you dad . she hand kirk a bag of frito and shoe he through the basement door . int . kirk parent ' basement - night kirk 's father have build a tacky little basement bar decorate with neon beer sign and Eric 's old trophy and ribbon . Mr. Kettner and Debbie sit at the bar and smoke as Eric stand behind the bar and serve they cocktail . kirk come down the basement stair and join they . the hockey game wrap - up highlight be run on a tv mount above the bar . kirk so , what be the final score ? eric you think you be hot shit now ? be that it ? kirk look , Eric , you have have a lot to drink tonight and ... debbie do not tell he what to do . ( to Eric ) you be do fine , baby . eric you think you be better than I . say it . well take a look around , Big slick . ( be : trophy ) every one of this say Eric . first place ! first place ! m.v.p .! ( more ) 67 . eric ( cont 'd ) winner ! winner ! you think you be the winner now ? well forget it , man ! I do not buy this for a second . kirk ( stand ) well , it 's be fun . mr. kettner now do not be that way , boy . all you big brother be try to say be that we be worried about you . eric you show up here with that piece of ass !? either you be fuck with we or she 's fuck with you so which be it ? kirk look , I know she 's a little out of my league but ... eric a little !? be you shitting I ? alright , alright ! I think we can all agree that Debbie here be one wick hot box . Debbie smile and squeeze Eric 's hand . Mr. Kettner nod and raise he glass . kirk she 's um ... very attractive . eric yeah , and this Molly make she look like a pig . Debbie let go of Eric 's hand and storm upstairs . eric ( cont 'd ) you see ? this girl of yours be already startin ' shit . ( Calling after Debbie ) come on baby ! kirk do not mean nothing by that ! kirk look , I do not know what 's go on either but ... eric I be goin ' upstairs and gettin ' to the bottom of this . 68 . kirk Eric ! no ! eric I think this gal be mess with my little brother and I be not go to sit still for it . kirk Eric ! okay ! I know ! I be sure she 's just slumming or something and it 's all go to be over any minute but , Jesus Christ ! she will come to she sense without any help from you ! she 's up there with ... kirk turn to point up the stair . as he glance back , he find Molly stand on the step listen and frown down at he . before kirk can get a word out , Molly storm out of the house . kirk run upstairs but she 's in she car before he can get out the front door . Eric appear behind he . eric Way to go numbnut . you should have let I handle it . int . airport security checkpoint - day kirk stand at work , search habib 's bag and look grouchy . fuller monitor kirk , arm cross . habib let out a long irritate sigh . kirk I know . I be sorry , man . kirk hand the bag back to habib and send he on he way . Randy , another agent , hand kirk a note . insert : the note read , " kirk , we need to talk . I be in the food court . - m . " kirk sigh . stainer be now read over kirk 's shoulder . stainer well , I guess this be it . I be surprised she even bother . int . airport food court the food court be crowded . kirk look around for Molly but do not see she . 69 . marnie ( o.s. ) good , you get my note . kirk turn to find marnie sit at a table work on a Burrito Supreme . kirk oh. yeah . hi. marnie I be sorry to bug you at work but this could not wait . kirk sit down . marnie ( cont 'd ) kirk , I think I mess up . I see a change in you and I like it . so , I be think that we should maybe ... get back together . just to try it out , you know ? kirk wow . I do not know , marnie . marnie why not ? please do not say it 's because of this Molly person . kirk no , I think I already screw that up anyway . marnie good . I be really worried about you with she . she seem like kind of a bitch . kirk what ? she be not . marnie well , she act like she 's better than everyone with she hybrid car and she la-de - da charity work . kirk she do not do that at all , marnie . you be just put that on she . 70 . marnie okay , maybe so . see ? this be what I mean . you never argue with I before . you be really grow . kirk what about ron ? marnie if you want to get back together , of course , I will break up with ron . kirk you mean you be still with he ? marnie I be not go to risk be all alone just because you do not know what 's good for you . come on , kirk . deep down , you know where you belong . kirk you be right , I think I do . say hi to ron for I . kirk stand and walk away . ext . AIR show entrance - day kirk and stainer be at the ticket gate . kirk pay for he ticket but stainer stand stare at he . kirk what ? stainer this be not my idea . I be not drop twenty buck to go in there . god-damn plane be in the sky . I can see them just fine from the parking lot for free . kirk begrudgingly busy stainer a ticket . ext . AIR show kirk and stainer move through the crowd . stainer now carry a corn dog , a giant soda and a armload of Air show memorabilia , include a inflatable f/a - 18 hornet . 71 . kirk she 's work one of the kid ' charity . I be guess they might be down by the ride . stainer whoa dude , check it out . the Blue angel ! five man in flight suit and aviator sunglass strut through the crowd in slow motion . they exude masculine confidence . stainer ( cont 'd ) that be the coolest guy in the entire world . think about it - George clooney or derek jeter would trade place with that guy in a second . can you imagine the sheer magnitude of puss that fucker tag ? I be gonna get them to sign my hornet ! stainer run toward they . he join some kid and beautiful woman who be already get autograph . kirk spot Molly work a charity booth . he cross to she . she turn to he with a this - better - be-good stance . kirk Molly . molly kirk . kirk I just want to apologize for last night ... for my family . molly you family I can deal with . kirk and for I ... for what I say . molly do you really think I be that shallow ? you think I need to slum ? kirk no . I do not know what to think . you just have to understand that this be a new area for I . believe it or not , I do not have gob of experience with beautiful woman . 72 . molly be that all I be to you ? kirk no , but I do not have much experience with brilliant , successful , wonderful woman either . this melt Molly a bit . molly kirk , this can not work if you put I up on some kind of pedestal . kirk it 's not that I ... okay , look ... when I be a kid , we play a lot of baseball in my neighborhood . the worst part be pick team because I be always pick last . every time . like they could not start a friggin ' game without first establish how much I suck . so , now you come along and make I feel like the first pick . but ... what if I can not hit ? Molly soften and smile . molly you already get to first base . just keep you eye on the ball . kirk nod and smile back . Molly steal a quick kiss . molly ( cont 'd ) let I tie up a couple thing and I will show you around the grounds . kirk sound good . Molly go into a tent to speak to Patty . kirk watch she with a calm , relieved smile . voice ( o.s. ) Boy , she sure be something , huh ? kirk turn toward the impose Blue angel pilot stand behind he . the pilot remove he shade - it 's talon . 73. talon it 's kirk right ? ( firm handshake ) excellent to see you again , sir . kirk oh , talon . you be a Blue angel ? talon yes sir , a Naval aviator . kirk perfect . okay , I get it - talon be what - you call -sign ? talon no , it 's my name . kirk then what 's you call -sign ? talon oh , I would rather not say . it 's embarrassing . just something the guy give I ... talon put he arm around kirk and walk he away from the booth . talon ( cont 'd ) anyway listen kirk , be it fair to say that you and mol be close ? kirk yeah , I guess . talon well , I understand that fella like yourself tend to have uniquely candid relationship with the woman they befriend . be I right ? kirk fellas like myself ? talon do not get I wrong . I have no problem with you lifestyle . what grow man do in the privacy of they home be none of my concern . kirk talon , I be not ... 74 . talon hey , I be in the navy . I do not ask and I do not expect you to tell . talon look over he shoulder to confirm they be alone . talon ( cont 'd ) now , I do not know what Molly 's tell you about I , but anything bad - I deserve . I hurt that girl . I hurt one of God 's own angel and I have regret it every minute since . kirk no . she speak very highly ... talon God as my witness , I will make it right . I will get she back . can I count on you to put in the good word for I , poncho ? kirk um ... sure . talon you be the man . come here . talon embrace kirk in a tight hug . talon ( cont 'd ) there you go . feel the tolerance . another Blue angel call over while signing stainer 's plane . blue angel # 2 yo! foot-long ! we scramble in ten . talon Roger ! talon finish the long hug . he and the other Blue angel walk off in formation . stainer rejoin kirk . kirk that be talon . stainer who ? the Blue angel guy ? ( crack up ) duuuuude ! Molly join they . 75 . montage over loud catchy tune : 1 ) kirk and Molly walk arm in arm through the air show crowd . kirk 's Pov as every guy that pass check she out . Close on kirk 's proud expression . the Blue angel take flight . Close on the plane as they weave in and out of a intricate formation . a wider shot reveal that they jet trail spell out " molly " inside a heart . reverse to pan across Molly ( worried about kirk 's reaction ) , kirk ( try not betray he insecurity ) and stainer ( try to hold back he laughter . ) 2 ) kirk and Molly in a crowded movie theatre . she squeeze he hand and he smile back at she . Molly turn back to the screen and kirk 's smile quickly degrade into a dirty look . the shot widen to reveal who kirk be glaring at - another man ( also with a date ) sit on Molly 's opposite side and stare down at she cleavage . the man look up to meet kirk 's gaze and smile back . he offer kirk a fist - tap behind Molly 's head . annoy , kirk do not tap back . Molly be oblivious to this exchange . 3 ) as Molly walk down a city sidewalk at night , kirk have stop to tie he shoe . when he trot after she to catch up , he be tackle by two cop . cop Nice try pervert ! Molly spin around , horrify . cop ( cont 'd ) it 's okay mar 'am . this fat tub of shit be follow you but we get he . Molly angrily grab kirk by the arm and frees he from the cop 's grasp . 4 ) kirk , in he tsa uniform , address a group of patient at the Children 's Cancer Center . he demonstrate a metal detector wand . Molly sit with the kid who look bored out of they mind . suddenly , the kid light up and kirk feel he 's make a impression until he realize that talon have come up behind he . talon be dress in he flight suit and carry a arm-load of toy jet . the kid excitedly jump up and gather ' round talon ; some even hug he . fade music int . restaurant - night dress up and wear party hat , kirk , stainer , Devon , Jack and about thirty other stand in a small , classy restaurant . 76 . the place be decorate with balloon and streamer . a huge banner read , " happy birthday katie ! " stainer seriously , what 's with the banner ? she 's blind , right ? seem like they could have save a few buck there . Patty run in . patty here they come ! everybody hide ! stainer be that really necessary ? kirk stainer ! just hide . they hide . Molly lead she sister , katie , into the restaurant . " surprise ! " Molly hug Katie . kirk ( cont 'd ) ( to stainer ) still think she 's Al Qaeda ? stainer brushes off the comment . Molly wave kirk over . molly Katie , I would like you to meet kirk . katie it 's so nice to meet you , I have hear great thing . kirk oh , thank you . Molly rave about she big sister non-stop . katie May I ? Katie reach out to feel kirk 's face . she 's a bit perplex by the result . two blind teenage boy approach . blind teen Mrs. mccall ? katie Robert ! be Jerry with you ? jerry yes , mar 'am . happy birthday . 77 . katie it 's so nice you come . ( to Molly ) this be two of my star pupil , Robert and Jerry . boy , this be my sister , Molly . jerry it 's nice to meet you . they each feel Molly 's face and then start elbow one another like a couple of horny construction worker . a cake be bring in as everyone sing a unrecognizable but uncopyright birthday song . Katie blow out she candle . molly what 's you wish , Katie ? katie I wish kirk would play the piano for I . kirk 's face drop . Molly kiss she sister on the forehead as she have obviously coach the response . immediately Patty be behind kirk , push he . kirk try to politely decline but now Katie have he by the hand and be lead he to the piano bench . everyone applaud and cheer for he to play . kirk really . I can barely play . katie come on , kirk ! for my birthday ? kirk be sweat . he reach for the key but he be now white as a ghost . Molly watch in suspense , rethink what she 's do . kirk 's hand shake . he move they around , hunt for a place to begin . the party - goer stare and the room get quiet . kirk put he hand over he mouth as though he might vomit . Molly press play on a CD player behind the bar . suddenly , a cheap trick song kick in over the restaurant 's sound system . Katie jump up to dance with she friend . kirk get up from the piano and try to laugh it off . talon appear behind he and put a hand on he shoulder . talon it 's okay kirk . you will rock we next time right chief ? 78 . kirk oh , hey talon . thanks . talon I be glad you be here . I feel terrible about we little misunderstanding . I do not know what have I think you be a gay fella . Molly tell I you two have be see each other . Patty pass between they and give talon a dirty look . talon ( cont 'd ) she 's get every right . I would hate I too . ( then ) I want to congratulate you , poncho . you be the better man . now , I will step aside and truly wish you the best of luck . I would not wish lose that girl on my worst foe . but , make no mistake , you blow it and I will be wait in wing . Love and war , right chief ? talon give kirk a respectful military salute . kirk hold he force confidence until talon depart . once alone , kirk 's poise deflate and he plop down into a chair . the party go on and Katie open a small present . molly oh , it 's a dvd . katie who 's this from ? nobody claim it but Jack and Devon look at stainer . stainer what ? it 's close caption . Patty and kirk be sit and talk at a table that be away from the group . across the room , talon raise a glass to they . Patty give talon the finger . kirk what do he do ? patty listen , Molly would kill I if she know I be tell you this but I be try to do you a favor . 79 . kirk okay . patty Molly have this physical ... um issue . you know , kind of like a birth defect ? kirk oh , my God . patty it 's not a big deal but she 's really self - conscious about it . talon and some other guy she 's date have be weird out and make she feel like a freak . kirk what be it ? patty it 's better if she tell you but if you can not deal with it , just get lose now and do not put she through that heartbreak again . kirk no , no . I would not do that . patty good . ' Cause if you do , it will be you last conscious act ... ( she stand ) cake ? Patty head off to get some cake . kirk sit , consider this information . he look at Molly . she be wear a small black dress . she look perfect in every way . kirk cross the room and walk out to the ... ext . restaurant front sidewalk he throw he hand up in the air and do a happy dance similar to the one he have do after they first kiss . stainer , Devon and Jack be around the corner as stainer and Jack be smoking a bowl . Devon hear kirk 's celebration and peer around the corner . he wave the other over . the guy come around the front to join kirk . stainer dude ? 80 . kirk ( playfully chipper ) my friend ! whassup bitches ! devon what ? what 's go on ? kirk my trouble be over boy ! it 's all go to work out ! check it out - Molly have ... wait for it ... kirk pause for dramatic effect and then put he thumb up . kirk ( cont 'd ) ...a birth defect ! devon Excuse I ? jack that 's terrible . kirk no . that 's awesome ! do not you get it ? devon ahhhh no. stainer sure , I get it . she need a good guy like kirky ' cause the guy she date can not handle it , right ? kirk it send talon pack . kirk and stainer high five . Jack and Devon look disturb . devon well , what 's wrong with she ? kirk I do not know yet . Patty just say she have a physical issue . devon well that could be anything . do she say it be a birth defect ? 81 . kirk she say it be , " something like a birth defect . " jack what if it 's something really bad ? kirk I hope it be . I hope it 's something that would make most guy run scream . it will not matter to I . I love she . jack that 's cool that you love she but it 's pretty fuck up to be root for a harsh deformity . devon oh , wow . what if this be Patty 's way of tell you that Molly be a man ? stainer hey , if that chick have a dick , I will suck it ! int . restaurant - later kirk and Molly be clean up after the party . kirk be relaxed and in a fantastic mood . Patty get she coat and hug Molly before exite . Molly sheepishly approach kirk . molly kirk , I be so sorry about the piano thing . it be stupid of I . kirk no . I know what you be try to do . it 's okay . I wish I could have play for she but ... molly well , anyway , thanks for all you help with Katie 's party . I know it mean a lot to she . Molly kiss kirk . now he 's calm and kiss she back passionately . she smile a naughty smile at he . molly ( cont 'd ) tonight ? 82. kirk tonight . they start clean up as fast as they can . kirk be beam ! int . molly condo - night montage over love song : kirk and Molly enter she modern , luxurious condo . kirk take she coat . they kiss . kirk open a bottle of wine . he pour one glass to share . they sit on the couch talk . kirk be on ! he be confident and silly and Molly be eat it up . they be make out passionately on the couch . Molly stand and extend she hand to kirk . kirk stand and he boner be impossible to miss . this time he look down at it as if to say , " how ' bout they apple ! ? " Molly laugh and lead he into the bedroom . kirk sit on the bed and Molly go into the bathroom . he light a candle . he be now in a normal state of nervousness but nothing like he have be before . he pull out a stick of gum . he chew it quickly and spit it out . kirk lie down and then sit up and then repeat this . he decide to sit . Molly open the door . she be wear sexy ligerie and slipper . she look perfect . she cross to the bed and sit down next to kirk . they kiss but Molly stop . music reduced to background molly kirk , before we do this , there 's something I be really insecure about and you be go to see it sooner or later so ... kirk hey , take a look at I . Molly smile nervously . she stand in front of he , crying game style . she remove she foot from she slipper and look down at they . kirk look down . even she foot be fantastic . kirk ( cont 'd ) what ? 83. molly do not rush I ... okay , look . she part she toe . they be webbed . kirk 's face drop . kirk that 's it ? kirk jump up and pace around . kirk ( cont 'd ) that 's it ? that 's the best you can do ? this be you big flaw ? molly if you can not handle it ... kirk Jesus Christ ! I can not ! I think you be go to show I some kind of hairy growth or a third nipple or something I could work with ! molly what the hell be wrong with you !? kirk you know what 's wrong with I !? I will tell you ! I be fat ! I be bald ! I be ugly ! I be hairy ! I be uncoordinate ! I be uncreative ! I be not a college graduate ! I have never be to Europe ! I have a shitty job ! I drive a shitty car ! you want I to go on !? because I can ! molly no . kirk so , here I think that the perfect Molly mccall be finally go to show I a good reason why she 's mess around with the like of I ! and this be all you get !? you can not wear friggin ' flip -flops !? molly kirk , I have give you plenty of good reason . 84 . kirk oh , yeah ! I be nice ! I be funny ! I ask cute , stupid question ! right ! that do not get a three hook up with a ten ! not in this world ! molly a three what ? what be you talk about !? kirk look ! what the hell be go on here !? what be you up to !? molly what be I up to !? good God ! kirk please , tell I you be a terrorist ! tell I you be on a scavenger hunt ! just tell I something that make sense because all you be do be drive I nut ! molly ( hurt and resign ) the only thing I be go to tell you be that I would like you to leave . kirk Fine ! I be go ! webbed foot !? be you fuck kid I !? kirk grab he coat and head out the door . Molly slump onto she bed and cry as the door slam . int . airport security checkpoint - day kirk be at he post look terribly sad . stainer be work at the same lane and be obviously feel bad for he friend . fuller tap kirk on the shoulder to alert he that habib be come through . habib see this and take he bag straight to the search table , where he open it for kirk . kirk do not look inside . kirk go on , habib . you be good . habib really !? great ! habib step off to he gate . fuller get in kirk 's face . 85 . fuller you think you be pretty smart do not you Kettner . thin ice mister ! kirk stomp away from the checkpoint . fuller ( cont 'd ) good ! do not come back , Kettner ! America be safer without you ! stainer go after kirk . ext . airport curb kirk walk out the door . stainer catch up to he and they walk down the busy curb at a quick , angry pace . stainer kirky ! hold up , man ! what be you do !? you can not let she screw up you life ! kirk get away from I stainer ! stainer whoa ! do not take it out on I ! we both know this Molly thing be not go to work out ! it be not my fault ! kirk you be right . it 's not you fault . it 's my fault for listen to all you ... pernicious advice . stainer what the fuck you talkin ' about ? kirk all you do be fill my head with all this crap about three and ten and how I be not worthy . stainer be you worthy of a chick like that ? kirk maybe ! I do not know . but that 's not the point ! you be suppose to be my God damned best friend . you know what !? ( more ) 86 . kirk ( cont 'd ) I think you be jealous and you set out to sabotage we from the start ! stainer that be total bullshit ! kirk then why be not you there for I ? what if she actually like I !? maybe with a little help , I could have pull it off ! kirk step onto a ... int . airport shuttle bus willy ( the Russian ) be behind the wheel and as happy as ever . a few other be seat on the bus . stainer follow kirk on board . they remain stand , hold onto pole . willy it be kirk and he crazy friend stinker and they be most upset ! willy step on it and drive like a maniac , knock kirk and stainer around as they argue . stainer kirk , she be go to hurt you . kirk look at I ! I be hurt now ! willy occasionally blurt out mindless echoe of they argument , which kirk and stainer mostly ignore , like ... willy he 's hurt now ! stainer the longer this go on the worse it would have be . I guarantee it ! kirk you do not know what you be talk about . willy he do not know ! stainer yes , I do , kirk ! I know exactly what I be talk about . 87 . willy perhaps he do know after all ! stainer remember last year when you hardly see I for about two month ? I meet my own perfect ten . Tina Jordan . smart , cool and hot like you would not believe . hotter than Molly even . kirk yeah right . so how come I never hear a word about she until now ? willy yes , how come no word of this Tina !? stainer I do not tell anyone . I do not want to jinx it . she be perfect . I be spilling over with ... with fuck happy ! you know ? willy Fucking happy ! stainer two month into it , she dump I . and I know it be come . a girl like that . sooner or later she be bound to get a better offer . but it kick my ass , man . I be depressed for month . kirk that 's what that be ? you say you have that fatigue syndrome thing . stainer I do not want everyone know what a pussy I be . dude , it be a hurt I can not even put into word . willy what a pussy . stainer I could not watch you go through that ' cause I love you , man . you be the brother I never have . stainer lean over and hug kirk . kirk do not hug back . 88. kirk you have a brother , stainer . stainer yeah , but he 's a cheese -dick . kirk 's phone ring . he answer , force stainer to let go . kirk hello ? int . law office maury sit at he desk . maury kirk ? geeze , I be glad I catch you . listen son , I get something to tell you and do not get mad at I okay ? ' Cause this thing be not my fault . you might want to sit down for this . int . airport shuttle bus kirk slump into a seat and listen , look upset and shocked . stainer stare at kirk , try to get a sense of what kirk be be tell . stainer what !? int . molly office - day Patty sit behind a reception desk in a small but stylish lobby . a sign above she desk read , " mccall event . " kirk walk in . Patty put down she work and stare back at he . kirk be Molly in ? patty you get some big red apple show you face around here again . kirk I know . I be sorry . I just ... be she here ? patty no . get lose . stainer burst in sweat and panting . 89 . patty ( cont 'd ) oh , for Christ sake ! this one too !? Patty come out from behind she desk . patty ( cont 'd ) I be warning you both - Molly have be through enough . you go near she and I will fuck you all the way up ! understand !? stainer swagger up into Patty 's face . stainer listen , bitch ... whack !!! Patty throw a elbow and stainer 's head jack back . she be instantly on he , grab he in a headlock and punch he in the face . stainer ( cont 'd ) ahhh !! Jesus Christ !!! kirk !! patty who 's you mommy !? come on ! who 's you mommy !? stainer you be ! patty that 's right ! Patty be , be not she ! kirk Patty ! cut it out ! I just come to tell she that something happen ! something really major happen ! Patty stop punch and look up curiously . stainer remain in the headlock - also curious . stainer what happen ? Patty punch he again . patty you shut you hole ! ( to kirk ) what happen ? kirk first off , I be sorry . okay ? 90 . Patty ram stainer 's head into the door . patty every time you say you be sorry , dumbshit here get he bell rung . kirk okay , okay ! sorry ! I just ... Patty slam he again . stainer dude ! stop apologize ! kirk look ! I know I be act like a idiot . she 's just so ... well , I be really have a hard time with everyone think I be Molly 's brother or she co-worker or she gay friend or whatever . I mean , nobody believe that we be together . patty it 's too late for this shit , kirk . kirk but I have get it work out now . Patty and stainer wait for it . kirk decide how to phrase it . kirk ( cont 'd ) my grandmother leave I three million dollar . stainer seriously ? Patty drop stainer on the floor . patty I think she be a blackjack dealer . kirk it turn out she buy stock in caesar Palace back in the sixty . nobody know she still have it . I do not think she even know . patty wow . so , what do this have to do with Molly ? 91 . kirk see ? now it make sense - I with she . I be a millionaire now . patty so , what , now you can afford she !? stainer no ! no ! I get it ! it 's not a whore thing ! now it work out in he own mind . right !? he can relax and stop act like a freak because now he 's bring something to the table ! right , kirky !? kirk right . well , no . now that you say it out loud ... I do not know . patty you know what , kirk - I tell Molly you be different but you be just as shallow and full of shit as the rest of they , be not you ? kirk yeah , maybe I be . kirk walk out . fade to black . int . airport security checkpoint - day stainer be at he post watch the luggage on the x-ray monitor . suddenly , he see kirk come through follow by marnie , Mr. &amp ; Mrs. Kettner , Eric and Debbie ( still pregnant ) . they be all wear bright yellow sweatshirt . stainer run around the machine to hug kirk , who look a little numb . stainer kirky ! how you be , brother !? what be you do here ? kirk I and marnie and the family be go to branson . you know . stainer so you be " branson bound . " stainer be refer to kirk 's shirt that read , " branson bound " in big letter . 92 . kirk ( embarrassed ) this be marnie 's idea . to make it easy for we to stick together . the other come through . they shirt be decorate likewise . marnie come on , kirk . kirk I gotta go . stainer take the board pass from kirk 's hand . stainer relax , you flight do not leave for another forty five minute . kirk ( to marnie ) I will meet you guy down at the gate , alright ? marnie be not pleased but she 's go along with it . Eric call back as they all head to the gate . eric hey stainer ! Long time no see ! take care , bro ! stainer why be he so nice all of a sudden ? kirk probably because I be get three million dollar next week . stainer shit , that 's right . ( then ) so you be back with marnie then , huh ? kirk yeah , I know , but it 's for the best . I be more secure with she . I be actually happy to be do with all that Molly craziness . ron come through security and over to kirk . 93. ron hey stainer . hey pirate , can you spot I a twenty . I want to get I one of they travel pillow . kirk give ron a twenty and ron step away . stainer be appal . he call after ron . stainer how come I be not a pirate !? ( then to kirk ) dude , do not tell I that he 's go with you guy . kirk he already buy he ticket and my dad like he . it 's no big deal . stainer look at I Big slick . kirk do not look into he eye . kirk what ? stainer look at I . kirk look . stainer ( cont 'd ) tell I thing be good . kirk do not be such a drama queen . thing be fine . I gotta go . stainer alright , man . it be good to see you , kirk . they exchange a awkward handshake . kirk walk away . stainer stand alone , watch he go . stainer tighten he jaw and run he finger through he hair . finally he kick he head back and , with great determination , he stomp off in the opposite direction . follow stainer past security , dodging passenger and cart . he arrive at the ... 94 . int . airport food court stainer march up to the Orange julius . a short , doughy , plain girl work the counter . ( this be the same girl that stainer have claim to have " bone " earlier . ) she 's wear a orange visor and rubber glove . several customer be wait but stainer move to stand in front of she . she look up from she smoothie . she have drink powder on she face . she groan to see he . tina elmer , I have get customer here . stainer Tina , I need to know right now why it do not work out with we . she hand a smoothie to a customer . tina that 's a large julius . twelve fifty . stainer this be important . I be good to you . I be sensitive , right ? male customer hey , desperado , you gonna order something or what ? stainer get in the customer 's face . stainer the fuck you just call I !? tina oh , for Christ 's ! tammy ! can you cover I !? int . airport - southwest gate a large crowd of passenger be wait to board . the gate agent , make a announcement . gate agent okay folk , we be go to start by board the a group . all a 's be now welcome to board . marnie butt into the line . 95 . marnie ( snotty ) look , I have get seven people in my party so we be go to need to board right away . gate agent be you folk in the a group ? marnie what difference do that make !? gate agent well , because you seem like a little bit of a B. May I see you board pass ? marnie Fine . we be not in the a group but we be still get on next . she hand he the pass - mark " C . " gate agent oh , it look like you be a raging C . so , you be gonna want to take a seat until you group be call . she stomp away . int . airport food court - later stainer and Tina sit at a table . he sit with he head down like a sad little boy . she pity he . tina I really like you elmer , but all that stuff about I be a ten and how lucky you be and always check up to see if I be go to dump you ... stainer well , you do dump I , so ... tina what could I do ? you be all up in my business all the time . I could not breathe . stainer it be my stupid job , be not it ? you be embarrassed . 96 . tina I work at Orange julius , elmer ! if you would have just chill out and be yourself ... stainer okay , I can do that . she hold up she finger with a engagement ring on it . stainer drop he head onto the table . Tina rub he hair for a second and then walk away . int . airplane - 737 - evening kirk be somber as he find he seat near the middle of the plane . from two row back , Eric reach over some other passenger to tap kirk on the shoulder . eric Tom fuckin' wopat , bro ! Eric hang up a high five and kirk leave it hang . kirk take a seat on the aisle next to marnie . he give marnie a force smile . she put she head on he shoulder . Pan over to the window seat where ron sit watch they , wear he new travel pillow . suddenly , there be a commotion at the front of the plane . flight attendant what !? you do not have authority on board this aircraft ! stainer barge past the flight attendant , hold up he tsa badge . stainer it 's okay folk ! tsa ! this guy 's drunk as fuck and he shit himself . we gotta get he off the plane . stainer grab kirk by the shoulder , pull he out of he seat and about two row down the aisle before kirk overpower he and stop . kirk stainer ! what be you nut !? stainer you be right ! I mess you up . we gotta fix this thing ! let 's go . 97 . kirk stainer ! no ! believe it or not , this be not about you ! in fact it 's none of you business ! stainer kirky ! in junior high I peed my pants in class and Eric start call I stainer , remember ? kirk okay , yeah ? stainer pretty soon everyone else start call I stainer because they know it would make I cry . then you tell I to own that name , to call myself stainer so nobody could hurt I with it anymore . kirk what 's you point ? stainer my point be ... um ... oh , shit . I be just in the crapper and I have this thing all work out . damn it . the pilot be now behind stainer and tower over he . pilot Sir , I be go to have to ask you to exit the aircraft immediately . stainer turn into he face . stainer I be go to have to ask you to fuck off immediately before I feed you you own fuckin ' tooth ! the pilot back up and go for help . kirk Jesus stain ! you be go to get arrest ! and I will not be here to bail you out this time . stainer ooohh ! that be my point ! you save I ! that time and a bunch of other time too . ( more ) 98 . stainer ( cont 'd ) you gotta let I save you this time . it 's my turn ! you grandma do not leave you three million buck so you could take this a- hole to branson . Eric get up and step into stainer 's face . in mid-sentence and without pause stainer zap Eric with a stun gun . Eric sail back into he seat as stainer continue . stainer ( cont 'd ) this people hardly know you . kirk stainer , I appreciate that you think you be help I but I be with marnie now . stainer kirk , marnie 's a fuckin ' bitch . ( to marnie ) all due respect . marnie hit he kirk ! or else I will ! fuller and two other security people enter the plane . the pilot brief they on what 's happen . stainer kirk ! you say marnie make you feel secure but security be bullshit ! look at we job ! it 's all for show ! for all we know , there 's a bomb on this plane right now ! the other passenger gasp and most of they look at habib , who sit a few seat behind kirk . habib what !? fuller grab stainer by the collar . stainer you want to see what I think of security !? stainer turn and punch fuller in the face , knock he backwards onto the other agent . kirk oh , stainer , what do you do ? 99 . stainer kirk ! when I add all this up for you I make one big mistake . you be a ten . you 're a ten , man ! kirk just stare back . fuller and the agent grab stainer but he clutches a seat and stay put . stainer ( cont 'd ) you be not buy any of this bullshit be you ? kirk no . stainer lose he grip and the agent drag he off the plane . kirk sit down and marnie comfort he . int . airport - evening over a bum out song we see different area of the airport . people on move sidewalk . people on escalator . bag move around on a carousel . people in line . Flight arrival and departure time . food trays move down a buffet . bag move by on the x-ray monitor . people walk like cattle to they gate . through the crowd , we see a man run against the traffic . it 's kirk ! int . hilton ballroom - night Molly , look beautiful in a formal gown , move through a sea of table . hundred of formally dress people be seat around the table , eat dinner . Molly greet , kiss and shake hand with several people as she go . int . airport security checkpoint kirk be huffing and puffing as he round the corner and arrive at the checkpoint . he look around frantically . kirk Randy ! where 's stainer !? Randy point to a room mark , " Airport Security - authorize personnel only . " int . interrogation room kirk burst in to find stainer bent over a metal table . fuller ( with two black eye ) and another agent hold he down as a homeland security agent stand behind stainer , give he the full cavity search . kirk do not miss a beat . 100 . kirk stainer ! I do not have a car here ! I need you van ! stainer right on ! the key be in my jacket ! a jacket be hang by the door . kirk reach in and grab the key . he turn fast and exit . fuller jack stainer 's head onto the table . stainer ( cont 'd ) kirky wait ! the door open more slowly and kirk regards he friend with great reverence . stainer strain to lift he head against fuller 's strength . stainer ( cont 'd ) listen , kirk. ( dramatic pause and music ) it 's three on the tree and the clutch stick . slam ! stainer 's head be jack back onto the table . kirk thanks buddy ! kirk bolt . int . hilton - SMALL banquet room this room be set up as a staging area for the cancer benefit . Patty and several other be buzzing around prepare for the next phase of the evening . Molly enter , hold a walkie talkie up to she head and speak into it . molly no , I need the staff ready to help with bid when the auction begin . - over . voice on walkie - talkie I do not think we can spare anyone - over . Patty grab the walkie talkie . patty Leslie ! we be not here to feed this people , we be here to cure fuck cancer ! ( more ) 101 . patty ( cont 'd ) now I want every one of that motherfucker back there take bid in fifteen - out ! Patty toss the walkie-talkie back and then cross to help a group of young cancer patient , some in wheelchair , to unpack they sculpture and label they for the auction . a stress - out woman in a beehive hairdo pick up a SMALL boy 's sculpture . she hail Molly . beehive Ms. mccall , we have get a big problem . molly what be it ? beehive this young man have make a ashtray . molly okay . well , what do you want from I ? kid make ashtray . beehive it 's a cancer benefit . do not you think this send the wrong message ? SMALL boy it 's a really nice ashtray . molly they be not bid on the artwork ; they be bid on the kid . it 's fine . beehive sigh hard and hand the ashtray back to the boy . Molly turn around and a look of surprise come over she . molly ( cont 'd ) what be you do here !? reverse to show talon hold a ridiculously large flower arrangement . talon I come to say I be sorry and to put in a request for a second chance . voice on walkie - talkie Ms. mccall , the auction be underway - over . 102 . molly I be sorry . I have to get in there . can we talk about this afterwards ? talon I be look forward to it . int . hilton ballroom the emcee be take bid on a little sculpture of a abstract four- legge animal . emcee timothy brigg 's sculpture of a ... fire truck ? sold to the woman in the green dress for four hundred fifty dollar . congratulation mar 'am and thanks so much . Molly pick up the small boy 's ashtray and join the emcee on stage . she take a deep breath before face the crowd . emcee ( cont 'd ) we next item ... well , here she be folk , the woman who donate she time to make this amazing event possible , we own Molly mccall ! huge applause . molly thank you . thanks , Bob . I be so sorry for my tardiness . the next item up for bid be from nine - year - old walter benegan . and this be a ... little something that you can put you paper clip or do - dad in ... oh , who be I kid , it 's a ashtray . ( audience laugh ) let 's start the bid at one hundred dollar . man one hundred . molly one hundred . thank you sir . woman two hundred . molly two hundred to the ... 103 . man 2 two fifty . woman two seventy five . molly fantastic . two-seventy -five . do I hear three hundred ? no reply . the small boy hang he head . he be hope he piece would fetch more . his mother pat he on the head . molly ( cont 'd ) two seventy five go once . go twice . kirk ( o.s. ) ten thousand dollar ! the small boy look up , elate . the spotlight search the room and land on kirk near the back . the audience applaud . molly kirk ? I hope you do not really think this be go to ... talon eleven thousand ! talon stand across the room , crossing he arm in defiance . molly what !? Eric burst in through a door near kirk . kirk Fifteen thousand ! talon Fifteen thousand five hundred ! molly both of you ! this be ridiculous ... eric go get he kirk ! it 's chump change to you now . kirk twenty thousand ! 104 . the crowd applaud . molly be that a serious bid ? talon fifty thousand dollar ! bigger applause . molly talon ! please ! Eric make a fist to indicate that it 's time for the kill blow . kirk nod back he agreement . kirk Three million dollar ! Eric 's eye go wide . this be not what he have in mind . the crowd erupt into laughter . talon also laugh off the bid . molly kirk , that 's you entire inheritance . the crowd shift from laughter into excited chatter . molly ( cont 'd ) folk , calm down . I do not want to get anyone 's hope up . it 's only fair that I clarify something to the bidder . kirk , please understand that if you commit this money , we will all be eternally grateful and I think you grandmother will be very proud of you ... but it do not change anything between you and I . this set off a volley of whisper among the crowd and put a smile on talon 's face . molly ( cont 'd ) so , again , be this a serious bid ? kirk look to Molly , then he brother - who be shaking he head no ! he then scan the hopeful expression on the face of the kid and they parent . kirk take a deep breath . kirk Three million dollar . 105 . eric you stupid son of a bitch ! molly Three million go once . go twice . sold to the man in the branson bound sweatshirt . the crowd cheer . emcee congratulation to little walter whose ashtray have bring in more than any piece in we history . the young sculptor beam . the crowd cheer again . kirk give a smile and a nod of resignation as he leave the room . int . hilton bar kirk and Eric sit at the bar , each nursing a drink . Eric be fume . eric you be such a numbnut . I be tell you - absolute numbnuttery ! male voice ( o.s. ) Excuse I . May I use that ashtray ? kirk turn to find that he be sit next to billy joel , who be smoking a cigar . Eric pass he the ashtray that kirk just buy . eric sure . careful with it there , Captain Jack . it cost he three million buck . billy Joel , ash in the ashtray . billy joel yeah , I see that . tough break in there , my friend . still , that be a hell of a good thing you do for that kid . kirk thanks . billy joel beautiful woman huh ? what be you gonna do ? 106 . kirk I guess I be go to go home . billy joel it 's none of my business but I do know a thing or two about hook up with woman who be out of you league . can I tell you a little secret ? kirk and Eric look at one another in disbelief and then at Joel . kirk sure . billy joel look , it 's not about money , fame or power ... eric whoa ! all due respect there , Big shot . how would you know ? you have all that shit when you bag the big one . billy joel yeah , but I have all that shit when I lose them too . it 's not enough . eric you believe this fuckin ' guy ? kirk Jesus Christ , Eric ! I be try to get some advice from billy Joel . do you think you could manage to shut the fuck up for two minute !? eric fine. geeze . what 's up you ass ? billy joel thank you . look kid , it 's not what you can give them or even what you can give up . it 's what you make of . Joel place a cocktail in front of kirk and then clink he own against it . 107 . int . hilton ballroom - later announcer lady and gentleman , please welcome the piano man ! the entertainer ! and we foundation 's great champion ! Mr. billy Joel ! the crowd cheer as the curtain rise . the crowd 's excitement turn to confusion . from the back of the room , Molly notice the crowd 's reaction . she turn to see kirk seat before the huge white grand piano , he hand sweaty and shaking over the key . kirk look at the crowd . hundred of confuse face stare back at he . beehive rush Patty in a panic . beehive be not you go to do something about this !? patty Lady , he just give three million dollar . he can go up there and try to blow himself for all I care . kirk wring he hand as they shake harder . billy Joel stand in the wing and give kirk a nod of , " you can do it . " Molly turn to walk away but note ring out from the piano and she stop . kirk play and sing " just the Way you be " - badly . his voice and hand shake but he forges on . the audience be confuse , cring and restless . someone start boo . kirk can not help but glance up to see who it be - it 's Eric . when kirk reach the instrumental break , he settles in a bit - he can actually play . as the last note fade , kirk leap up , and run out into the ... 108 . ext . hilton back alley kirk burst out the door and vomit into a dumpster . he fall backwards against the wall and slide down into a sit position . molly ( o.s. ) you realize that there 's a good chance this will not work out . Molly step out into the alley . molly ( cont 'd ) and you could get hurt . kirk I know . molly and you be go to have to be naked in front of I at some point . kirk I can work up to that . kirk stand up . kirk ( cont 'd ) so , you and I be ... molly Three million dollar for kid with cancer and you sing to I ? I be not make of wood you know . Molly hug he . the first intro riff of a piano version of " pressure " kick in and the crowd inside go crazy . molly ( cont 'd ) but one condition . kirk anything . molly you have to go brush you tooth right now . talon walk out into the alley , still hold the flower . talon so , Molly ... can we finish we conversation ? 109 . kirk take Molly 's hand and lead she past talon . kirk sorry poncho , she 's with I . dissolve to : ext . wedding - day Close on a preacher . preacher the vow you have just hear be a unique expression of the love between two soul . Close on kirk - look dapper but sweaty and nervous . preacher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) two soul who have come together this day in holy matrimony . Close on Molly - look more beautiful than ever . preacher ( cont 'd ) and by the power vested in I by the great state of nevada , I now pronounce you husband and wife . you may now ... a wider shot reveal the nascar theme wedding of Eric and Debbie . kirk stand among the groomsman . each be dress in tux that represent the color , number and sponsor of certain driver . Molly stand among the bridesmaid . each dress in a checker - flag gown . ron and marnie be also in the wedding party . Debbie hand she mulatto baby to the preacher so that she and Eric can share a disgusting wide open mouth kiss . Debbie grab Eric 's ass while Eric grope she breast . stainer and wheel in the Sky kick into " any Way you want it " from a bandstand nearby . Patty dance in front of stainer - he wink back at she . Devon cut up a wedding cake that look like a full - size racing wheel and tire . ext . wedding - STREET the guest throw rice as Eric and Debbie run to a stretch nascar limo . 110 . Eric pick up Debbie and load she in through the window . he then run around to the other side and jump into that window . the limo burn rubber as it peel away . Pan across the guest as they wave goodbye ; Devon and he squeaky clean family , Jack and a hot date , Mr. &amp ; Mrs. Kettner , marnie &amp ; ron. Patty and stainer - make out . kirk and Molly stand together arm in arm . kirk hold a ceramic urn , paint with the Las Vegas skyline . push in on the urn until the skyline become real . push in toward the top of the stratosphere casino . continue push in until we be inside the observation deck . push through the gift shop where the tv be tune to CNN . as we pass the tv we hear . CNN anchor in a press conference hold earlier today , NASA official announce that affordable tourist travel to the surface of the moon will be a reality within the next ten to fifteen year . push past the tv , out of the gift shop and to the other side of the observation deck where we find kirk and Molly . they kiss before they open the urn and pour grammy 's ash over the side . the end