sherlock holme written by Michael Robert Johnson , Anthony peckham &amp ; Simon kinberg sherlock holme and Watson character create by Sir Arthur conan doyle September 29 , 2008 1 . fade in : 1 ext . street of london - night 1 autumnal street see through the sooty glass of a STREET lamp . shadows within shadow . fog in the air . full moon . watson ( v.o. ) the year be 1891 . London be the capital of the world -- the height of modernity , with the hiss of steam and smell of coal in the air . it be also the great cesspool into which all the sinner and criminal of the empire drain . Gas hiss audibly , the street lamp ignites , and cast a pool of light onto the street , silhouett a man make he way through the fog and dark shadow with a lantern . watson ( v.o. ) I have come to London , ten year prior , to find a life after the afghan war . I have hope to start a medical practice and settle into a nice , steady existence . the life I find be anything but nice and steady . we can see that the man wear a cape . the distinctive silhouette of he deerstalker hat be unmistakable . a furious clatter of hoove approach in the distance . the man tug on a pipe and turn towards the grow stampede . watson ( v.o. ) and that have everything to do with one man . my friend , my partner , my burden ... the man exhales a plume of smoke calmly , give we the impression that he know something that we do not . watson ( v.o. ) ... sherlock holme . wham ! the man in the deerstalker hat be knocked flat by a running man who have vault over a wall , send he , he pipe , and hat fly across the cobble . ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 the running man lean down as if to assist , but instead just pick up the smoker 's break umbrella and study it . the man in the deerstalker hat 's eye widen as he recognize he famous assailant . man sherlock holme ?! sherlock holme offer the handle of the umbrella to the man , haul he to he foot and hand back he break umbrella . holme my apology . send the bill to John Watson , 221b Baker Street . sherlock holme sprint off down a alleyway . the man take a step into the road to watch he go -- -- and be nearly flatten for good by the first of a number of police carriage , hurtle by on a serious pursuit , victorian -style . 2 2 int . carriage - closeup on the officer - night inside . Big , uniform guy assemble they weaponry -- a 19th century swat team . one man stand out as a leader , older than the rest , inspector lestrade . a man in plainclothes sit to one side of the officer : dr . JOHN watson , physically as tough as anyone else in the carriage , but with a more pensive air about he . a think man of action . 3 ext . street of london - night 3 almost tipping over , the carriage turn onto the embankment and hurtle through the writhe fog along the river . as the carriage bank , we see holme cut across the carriage path again , take a line the horse cannot follow . CUT to : another angle holme burst out of a alley , sprint round a corner and run across a courtyard to a side door . we pull back to see the facade of ST . paul' cathedral . 3 . 4 omitted 4 5 int . cathedral crypt - entrance - night 5 holme enter through the door and stand at the top of a stairwell . he take a moment to recover ; he 's fit , but not as fit as he use to be . holme descend the stairwell to a door and a spiral staircase beyond it . he stop at the doorway and peer round the corner . a lantern glow ascend the spiral stairway towards holme . holme withdraw into the shadow behind the door . a bowler -hatted man ascend the stair , carry the lantern and a gun . he peer behind the door and hold the lantern up to the shadow , but do not see holme , who have pull he black jacket up to conceal he face . the man swing the lantern away again . he peer about , confuse . we see holme ' eye from the shadow , as he lower he jacket and think through he plan of attack . holme ( v.o. ) head cocked to the leave , partial deafness in right ear . first point of attack . pre -visualization in vari -speed focus on the spot behind the man 's right ear , just at the top of the jaw -- the most vulnerable point . holme launch a hammer blow , and we ramp from 24 fps to 400 fps ( ultra slow motion ) as he make contact . the man 's head be throw back as he spin round . holme ( v.o. ) then throat , paralyze vocal chord , stop scream . back to 24 fps . the man 's mouth open to cry out . we ramp back up to 400 fps as he Adam 's Apple be strike with a precision karate chop , strangling he scream . holme ( v.o. ) stink of alcohol , heavy drinker -- knuckle to liver . back to 24 fps , ramping to 400 fps as a devastating knuckle - punch to the liver double up the bowler- hatted thug and crumple he to he knee . ( continued ) 4 . 5 continued : 5 second - time action - super fast repeat of above holme flash out of the shadow , move so fast that we can barely see what he 's do . thwack ! Hammer blow to ear . crack ! karate chop to throat . whap ! knuckle punch to liver . back to normal motion as the man crumple to the ground , holme take he bowler hat from he head and flip it onto he own in one super fast move . holme drag the batter man into the shadow , lift he lantern and proceed down the spiral staircase . Pov - bottom of the spiral staircase another bowler- hatted thug approach the bottom of the staircase . he have see the lantern light . he draw he gun and approach . holme place the lantern on the post at the bottom of the bannister , duck down into the shadow . thug what 's goin ' on , John ? when he get no answer , the thug point he gun to where we see holme hide . but holme appear from the shadow behind the thug , reach around he , grab he gun hand and pistol - whip he twice with he own gun , drop he . holme extract a cigar from the thug 's top pocket and sniff it appreciatively . holme hhhmm , good cigar . who do you work for ? he jam the cigar in he own top pocket , pick up the man 's bowler and proceed on , further down into the crypt . 6 6 omitted 7 int . cathedral crypt - balcony - night 7 two hard men in bowler hat stand guard . CUT to : ( continued ) 5 . 7 continued : 7 another angle holme survey the scene at a distance , out of sight . eye alive with intelligence , processing angle when -- a heavy hand fall on he shoulder . pull back to reveal -- ( the follow exchange in whisper . ) holme Watson . perfect timing . watson Nice hat . holme just get it . where 's lestrade ? watson get he troops in formation . be that you blood or theirs ? holme I do not know . it 's a old shirt . watson you leave this behind . Watson hand he he pistol . holme look at it with distaste , do not take it . holme knew I would forget something . think I would leave the stove on . watson you do . holme right . shall we ? this be what they do . this be what they like . CUT to : another angle the two hard men on guard turn fast and gather together as they hear footstep approach . man # 1 Des ? ( continued ) 5a . 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 he can see the hat , but not the man underneath . watson yeah , s'me . ( continued ) 6 . 7 continued : ( 3 ) 7 Watson take out the two man . he be more of a brawler , use headbutt , knee , and elbow . less artful , but no less effective . 8 omitted 8 9 int . cathedral crypt - balcony - night 9 thug dispatch , holme and Watson look down and see a chill sight . a woman in white lie inside a crudely - painted pentacle ( five-side figure ) , light with candle at each corner . her eye roll back in she head , trance - like . a sword have be place at she foot . a hooded figure kneel inside a double circle next to the pentacle . this be lord blackwood . we do not yet see he face . another hooded figure stand on the edge of the ceremony , shroud in shadow . we do not see he face . suddenly , the woman rise up like a break puppet , as if pull to she foot by invisible hand . some kind of ritual be about to climax . holme and Watson head down , fast , not caring if they make a noise or not . they footstep echo . 9a 9a int . cathedral crypt the second hood figure move back and melt into the shadow . still kneel , still hood , blackwood chant softly , Latin incantation repeat and repeat . on the woman as she lip start to move in time with the incantation . this be spooky , real , powerful stuff . holme and Watson leap from the stair to blackwood 's level . blackwood simply ignore they . the Latin incantation never stop . holme be closer to the girl , Watson closer to blackwood . watson the girl . ( continued ) 7 . 9a continued : 9a the girl bend with alarming and mechanical suddenness , pick up the sword and turn it on herself , ready to plunge the point into she heart . holme lunge , grab the woman 's arm , disarm she and pull she out of the pentacle . she collapse . simultaneously and eerily the candle extinguish and a rush of air depart the tunnel . blackwood throw back he hood . we finally see he face . his eye be intense , he be tapped into something dark and cruel . holme and Watson be shocked at he identity . watson Lord blackwood ?! blackwood applaud softly , strangely . blackwood well do , holme . and Watson as well . Watson raise he gun , train it on blackwood . watson stay right there . blackwood raise he hand in front of he , almost mockingly . blackwood tell I , doctor , as a medical man , how do you like my work ? ( beat ) the fifth one be so scrawny , it be over before I would finish the first incision . that 's more than Watson can take . he move in to pistol - whip blackwood -- -- be stop suddenly by holme ' hand grab he collar . holme no . Watson struggle forward against holme ' grip . holme look . ( continued ) 8 . 9a continued : ( 2 ) 9a holme seem to be point at blackwood . Watson look , see nothing . holme look . Watson look , and see it and he eye flare wide . inches from watson' right eye be the needle - point end of a quivering piece of high - tensile wire , almost invisible -- -- the other end hold between blackwood 's hand . a really nasty conceal weapon . one more step and Watson get impale in the eye . blackwood what a shame . that would have be fun . we hear heavy boot on the balcony , as lestrade and he man finally appear . policemen flood the area . holme impeccable timing , lestrade . lestrade ( vis blackwood ) be that -- ? watson it be . holme ( be : girl ) we have go for the doctor ... ( be : blackwood ) and one for the rope . lestrade you should have wait for my help . holme if I have , you would be clean up a corpse and chase a rumor . besides , the girl 's parent hire I , not the yard . ( a wry smile ) I can not imagine why they think you would need any assistance . ( continued ) 9 . 9a continued : ( 3 ) 9a lestrade turn , frustrated . he watch he man yank blackwood out of he double circle , put chain on he , while other carry the girl away on a stretcher . she 's still mouth the incantation . lestrade eye the double circle , the pentacle , shake he head , not understanding they . grudgingly , reluctantly , hat himself for need to , he turn to holme . lestrade what do you make of that ? holme some kind of ceremony . five girl kill beneath cathedral at the height of the full moon . ( indicate ) the double circle 's for he own protection . lestrade London will breathe a sigh of relief -- watson -- at the excellent work of Scotland yard . as usual . holme bravo , lestrade . have a cigar . holme stick the villain 's cigar in lestrade 's pocket and -- -- a police photographer lift he massive camera . flash ! a explosion of light and spark as a 19th century flashbulb pop . the scene be frozen bright for a split-second and then it fade . credit sequence begins , music and title over -- 10 10 omitted 10a int . lab 10 a dim light from a burner heat fluid in a jar , a bench strewn with scientific equipment . glove hand mix chemical in a tray , a piece of photo paper on top . 10 . 10b int . newspaper library 10b another pair of hand search urgently through a row of alphabetize file , come to rest on the letter " h . " a bunch of " h " clipping hit the desk . the top one read : student and army doctor solve london mystery ! a photo of holme and Watson in they 20 at a crime scene . they eye be shut for the photo , unaccustom to flash . 10c int . lab 10c chemical be pour over the paper and spread across it . 10d int . newspaper library 10d hand flip through more papers , more headline : student and doctor beat cop to the punch again ! roommate solve brixton murder ! another picture of holme and Watson . this time , they look more confident , the article bigger . another headline : holme and watson OPEN for business . holme and Watson stand in front of 221 Baker Street . 10e 10e int . lab a negative be clipped over the paper . a sudden flash of light as it be expose . 10f int . newspaper library 10 F another headline : doctor and detective foil jewelry scam ! a picture of holme and Watson , hold a goose by its foot and smile . the man be front page news now . more headline and photo come fast : london duo do it again ! a shot of holme and Watson , older , shaking hand with a royal . holme and watson solve severe ear mystery ... celebrate detective prove guilty man innocent ... more and more headline , holme and Watson get older , solving crime , and ... the file be move to another desk where hand punch text on a vintage typewriter : " catacomb killer be industrial tycoon lord blackwood ... " 10g int . lab 10g a faint image be form on the paper . 11 . 10h int . newspaper library 10h a hand yank the paper from the typewriter and onto a desk where a typesetter begin to assemble the story in block of lead type . upside down and back to front we see the word " sherlock holme , " one metal letter at a time . 10j int . printing PRESS 10 J a roller drip with ink roll over the story we have see assemble along with a engrave of the image . the whole thing be feed into a printing press , a whirring mass of wheel and gear . paper be bundle and tie , then distribute until one land face - up outside the door of : 221 baker STREET , where we see the headline " catacomb killer caught ! " the photo of holme and Watson sit above the fold , dominate the front page . title sequence end . 11 11 ext . 221 baker ST . - afternoon Autumn have turn to winter . superimpose : three month later from a raven' Pov we follow a lady , mrs . hudson , walk down the street with the day 's shopping . she pick up a paper with the day 's headline " blackwood hang tomorrow : claim pack with the devil . " she continue down the street until arrive at 221 Baker Street . a raven land on the entry gate , she shoos it away , walk up the step , and inside . 12 int . 221 baker ST . - watson' apartment 12 Watson take a blood pressure cuff off captain philip , a older gentleman who sport a array of medal . the room be a tribute to military and medical order -- all be neat and tidy , everything in its place . watson 71 over 104 ... very good , Captain . captain philip I nerve be the best they be in year , thanks to you . ( continued ) 11aa . 12 continued : 12 Watson be pleased by that . captain philip tell I something -- you new office . there will not be so many stair , I hope ? watson no -- ground floor . and there will be a woman 's touch , too . ( more ) ( continued ) 11a . 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 watson ( cont 'd ) I think we can start to wean you off the medicine -- bang -bang-bang-bang-bang ! a dozen gunshot o.s. Captain philip hit the floor , terrify . Watson suppress extreme irritation , write a prescription on a piece of paper , then help Captain philip to he foot . watson let 's give it a little longer , just to be safe . ( beat ) I will be right back . ( continued ) 12 . 12 continued : ( 3 ) 12 he head out , let he aggravation show once he back be turn to he patient . 13 int . 221 baker ST . - hall 13 as Watson exit he apartment and move down the hall , mrs . hudson , he landlady , shoot up the stair with the paper . her nerve be almost as bad as Captain philip ' . mrs . hudson ( panting ) I will not go in there by myself , not while he 's in this state . watson you be not go in at all . which be a relief to Mrs. Hudson . mrs . hudson what will I do when you leave ? he will burn the house down around I . what will he do ? could not you have a longer engagement ? watson he just need a new case , that 's all . Captain philip emerge from Watson 's apartment , head towards they . watson I smell burn . Mrs. Hudson 's already - fray nerve take a turn for the worse . Watson take the newspaper from she . watson why do not you take Captain philip and give he a nice cup of tea . mrs . hudson come on , Captain , let 's go down . it will be quieter . watson ( as they leave ) and perhaps some tea and bread up here when you can . Watson head down the hallway to the last door . a tendril of smoke waft out from under it . urgent . ( continued ) 12a . 13 continued : 13 Nonetheless , Watson stop , take a deep breath , gather himself . something like this have happen before ( be , in fact , holme ' usual brand of chaos ) the difference be , now , that Watson be sick to death of deal with it . which do not mean he will not . newspaper in hand , Watson open the door , poke he head in , cautiously . he see -- 14 int . 221 baker ST . - holme ' apartment 14 Watson squeeze through the doorway to find that the obstruction be holme who be sit in the dark on a chair , block the door , aim a gun ( with a odd contraption fastened on its barrel ) at the wall . unadulterate chaos . a series of flaming bullet hole blast into the wall in the ( rag ) initial " v.r . " watson May I join you in the armory ? holme please ... Watson , I have be work on a device which will suppress the sound of a gunshot . Watson head towards the conservatory . holme please ... do not , do not , do not ... Watson pull open the curtain allow the light to pour in . watson it need work . May I see ?... Watson pass he head to the other side of the room ( possibly grab the gun ) pick up a pile of open letter from a table . holme gently , gently , Watson ... Watson whip open more curtain and open a window . holme crawl on he hand and knee over to a table where he find he sunglass and put they on . Watson sit on a chair and begin to leaf though the letter . ( continued ) 13 . 14 continued : 14 watson it 's be three month since the last case . about time you find another one . holme I can not but agree . my mind rebel at stagnation . give I problem , give I work . the sooner the better . watson Paper ? Watson hand holme the newspaper . watson let 's see , we have a letter here from Mrs. ramsey in Queen 's Park -- she husband have go miss . holme he 's in Belgium with the scullery may . be it December ? watson yes , holme . Lady radford report a miss emerald bracelet . holme insurance swindle . Lord radford like fast woman and slow pony . I see you be the attend physician at blackwood 's hang . watson yes , it 's we last case together and I want to see it through to the end . awkward pause . cough . watson Mr. Lewis be seek ... Mrs. Hudson enter carry a tray of bread and tea . she be steeling herself for this interaction . holme ( to Watson ) there be only one case that intrigue I at present ... the curious case of Mrs. Hudson , the absentee landlady . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 holme ( cont 'd ) I have be study she coming and going and they appear most sinister . mrs . hudson tea , Mr. holme . Mrs. Hudson cross to holme and put the tray before he . holme be it poison , nanny ? mrs . hudson there 's enough of that in you already . she go to remove a old tray from behind he . holme do not touch that . everything be in its proper place , as per usual . she ignore he and remove the tray then cross back towards the door notice a bulldog lie unconscious under the table . mrs . hudson he 's kill the dog ... again . Watson jump up . his bulldog , gladstone , lie on the floor in a drugge stupor . watson what have you do to gladstone this time ? holme I be simply testing a new anesthetic . he do not mind . watson holme ! as you doctor ... holme he will be right as a trivet in no time . Watson 's finally have enough . ( continued ) 15 . 14 continued : ( 3 ) 14 watson ... and you friend , you have be in this room for two week . I insist you get out of here . holme there 's nothing of interest to I out there , on earth , at all . watson so , you have nothing to do ? holme nothing . watson then you be free this evening . holme absolutely . watson for dinner . holme wonderful . watson the Royale . holme my favorite . watson Mary 's come . holme not available . watson you be meeting she , holme . holme have you propose yet ? watson I be still look for the right ring . a little smile from holme . holme then it 's not official . ( continued ) 16 . 14 continued : ( 4 ) 14 watson it 's happen , like it or not . half past eight . the Royale . the dog wake up and run out . watson and wear a jacket . Watson exit , leave holme alone in he own chaos . for the first time , we see a hint of fear in he eye . CUT to : 15 int . the royale - dine room 15 holme sit in the center of a booth wait for Watson to arrive . he be quite uncomfortable in this set . we see he observation -- he pick up little piece of information from the other guest . he notice the detail on a pair of gentleman 's cufflink , the name on a bottle of wine , a surreptitious argument between waiter . it all become quite overbearing . and then Watson and Mary arrive , talk , intent on each other -- surprised when they realize holme be already there . watson holme ! you be early . holme fashionably . watson May I present miss Mary morstan . holme look at mary morstan -- look again . she 's beautiful , 30 , and clearly a woman worth marrying . holme stand . she extend she hand . holme my pleasure . for the life of I I do not know why it 's take he so long to get we properly introduce . holme gesture politely , they sit , Mary and Watson on either side of he . there be a decant bottle of wine on the table . mary the pleasure 's mine . it really be a thrill to meet you , Mr. holme . ( more ) ( continued ) 16a . 15 continued : 15 mary ( cont 'd ) I have a whole stack of detective novel at home . poe , wilkie Collins ... watson ( proudly ) it 's true . ( continued ) 17 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 mary they can seem a bit far- fetch sometimes , though . make this grand assumption out of tiny detail . holme ( liven up ) oh , no no . the little detail be by far the most important . take Watson ... mary I intend to . Watson like that , holme less so -- a force chuckle . holme ... see that walk - stick ? a rare African snakewood hide a blade of high - tensile steel . a few be award to veteran of the afghan war , so I can assume he 's a decorate soldier . strong , brave , bear to be a man of action . and neat , like all military man . then I check he pocket ... ah . a stub from a box match . now I can infer he 's a bit of a gambler . ( a wink ) I would keep a eye on that , by the way . watson that day be behind I . holme yes , right behind you . ( lean in to Mary ) he 's cost we the rent more than once . Mary laugh . mary with all due respect , Mr. holme , you know he . but what about a perfect stranger ? what can you tell about I ? holme and Watson exchange a glance -- not a good idea . watson I do not think that 's necessary -- ( continued ) 17a . 15 continued : ( 3 ) 15 holme yes , I doubt -- mary no , it would be wonderful . I insist . holme you insist ? ( at Watson ) she insisted . ( instantly ) you be a governess . mary well do . watson yes , well do . so shall we -- holme you student 's a boy of 8 . mary Charlie 's 7 , actually . Watson 's get nervous , reach for the wine . holme stop he . holme it 's breathe . ( back to Mary ) then he 's tall for he age . Mary nod . ( continued ) 18 . 15 continued : ( 4 ) 15 holme he flicked ink at you today . mary be there ink on my face ? the waiter appear . watson there 's nothing wrong with you face . waiter the gentleman have already order for himself . ( to Watson ) what would madam care for this evening ? Watson give holme a hard look : that 's a bit much . watson give we a few minute , please . he shake he head , pour wine for all . holme there be two drop on you ear ... India blue 's nearly impossible to wash off , anyway . a very impetuous act by the boy , but you be too experience to react rashly -- which be why the lady you work for leat you that necklace . it 's from asprey 's , flawless , not the gem of a governess . ( beat ) however , the jewel you be not wear tell we rather more . ( continued ) 19 . 15 continued : ( 5 ) 15 watson holme . both Watson and Mary scorch holme with they eye . holme pause ... pause , then : holme you be engage . holme ' mind have get away from he . he begin talk faster , intensely focus , manic . holme the ring be go . but the lighter skin where it sit suggest you spend some time abroad wear it proudly . as holme talk , Watson get up , move to help Mary to she foot . they be leave . holme or at least until someone inform you of its true and rather modest worth , at which point you break off the engagement and return to England for better prospect . a doctor perhaps . Mary throw Watson 's wine in holme ' face . the restaurant go silent . she turn to leave , turn back . mary ( low ) right on all count but one . I do not leave my fiance ... he die . now she leave -- ( continued ) 20 . 15 continued : ( 6 ) 15 watson well do , old man . -- and Watson go with she . holme let the wine drip down over he . holme she 's lovely . holme be leave at a empty table with wine run down he face . they order arrive -- a array of plate pile high . the waiter put they down , holme very carefully unfold he napkin and place it into the top of he shirt , spaghetti style , take he knife and fork and begin to cut the meat -- then pause , look around . holme ' Pov happy couple eat , laugh , talk . suddenly , holme hear no word . he just see they mouth move . the sound of silverware clinking and scraping on fine china rise to a orchestral roar -- -- which become the roar of a blood - thirsty mob as a fist smashes into a face with a meaty thud . 15a-17 omittedint . punch BOWL pub - bare -knuckle boxing fight - 5a - 17 1 night holme stagger back from the blow . he taste he own blood from a split lip . it interest he . he be stripped to the waist , all sinew and gristle . his opponent , mcmurdo -- huge but flabby -- bang he fist together and move in . bet rage back and forth through the press crowd . holme ' Pov the room and the fight be calm -- the sound muffle and indistinct -- a complete sensory reversal of he experience in the restaurant . this be soothing to he , the ring be the only place where he mind stop racing . ( continued ) 21 . 15a-17 continued : 15a -17 he 's able to feel , not just think . he be utterly in the moment . holme ' hawk - sharp gaze dart down from Mcmurdo 's face to he muscle as they flex , give he just enough warning to move he head so that a punch graze he . back to scene Mcmurdo throw a storm of punch , most of which holme duck or block . he throw nothing in return , sometimes even drop he hand , just use he reflex to protect himself . once or twice , he reach out and gently touch Mcmurdo 's face or throat , when the big man leave a obvious open . but that 's all . holme be completely in control -- -- until he notice a face at ringside . closeup on a beautiful woman early thirty , a look of pure intrigue in she eye and a slight smile on she lip as she watch the detective . holme ' Pov return to normal when he see she , the sound flood back into the room . Mcmurdo sense he opponent 's lapse in concentration and step on holme ' foot , tramping he and -- he knock holme down with a thunderous right . holme roll over , stand , shake he head to clear the cobweb . he look for the woman . she 's go . he turn back to Mcmurdo , smile . holme well do . thank you . holme begin walk away . mcmurdo oi ! we be not do here . holme ( walk away ) not do . finish . and as I say , thank you , it be most pleasurable . ( continued ) 22 . 15a-17 continued : ( 2 ) 15a - 17 face twisted in disgust , Mcmurdo stride forward and spit contemptuously at holme , catch he on the back of the head . the crowd fall silent . holme stop . feel the back of he head , smell he hand . holme hm. plymouth gin . he turn . step back into the ring . the crowd applaud , work into a fever pitch , but from holme ' Pov , all be calm . his eye tick slowly , scan Mcmurdo , lock onto the big man' knee : a little scar-tissue , nearly invisible . as Mcmurdo brace for combat -- instantly holme unleash a series of superfast move , incorporate exotic martial art . the blind combination culminate with a spin kick to the big man' knee , which buckle altogether wrong . Mcmurdo fall , over and out . holme be already turn away before the giant hit the canvas . he see the crowd fall silent , they be not sure if they like it , there really be not any sport . he do not care . pass fellow fighter and flirty barmaid , holme stride out of the bar , batter on the outside , soothed inside . he grab a bottle in he hand . take a huge swig , he climb the stair towards the upstairs room . 18a 18a int . pentonville prison - corridor - night a candle shiver , casting jag shadow . a row of stone cell . the sound of prisoner scream in the dark . a full - scale riot be on . five guard charge down the corridor , bang on the door to quiet the prisoner . the guard captain approach a young guard , charlie , who be freeze on the spot . guard captain Charlie , what the hell 's go on down here ? ( continued ) 23 . 18a continued : 18a charlie it 's Jack , he try to stop blackwood from do he spell . and now he 's in some kind of fit . the Guard Captain continue around the corner . we see another guard , jack , lie convulse on the floor . guard captain ( to the prisoner in the cell next to blackwood ) you lot shut it ! ( to the guard ) Charlie , get , down here and get he to the infirmary . the guard pick Charlie up and carry he away . 19 19 int . pentonville prison - blackwood be cell - night blackwood sit dead center in the dark . eye close , whispering ungodly sound . on the wall the scrawl of a madman : wild symbol , sketches of animal , a headless sphinx , a upside - down cross . a hint of some method to he madness . guard captain all right , blackwood , what 's this all about ? blackwood I have a request . guard captain you do not get nothin ' `til you stop this devil nonsense . that 's a holy book -- blackwood close he eye again , resume he soft murmur . guard captain ( louder ) -- and you will respect it ! blackwood start whisper faster . louder . guard captain Boy , you want I to muzzle you -- suddenly , the Captain start coughing . he 's confuse . he cough harder . prisoner watch he stumble backwards . ( continued ) 23a . 19 continued : 19 blackwood keep whisper . the Captain fall to one knee , keep cough . finally the Captain cough something up , spit it out onto the stone floor . he look down , horrify : it 's a small catholic cross on a chain . prisoner start shout . the raven at blackwood 's windowsill flutter away . other guard run up , terrify . ( continued ) 24 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 guard # 2 get he to the infirmary , now ! Guards pull the Captain away . the remain guard pick up the cross , stare at blackwood , chill . blackwood 's eye snap open . blackwood I have a request . 20 omitted 20 21 int . punch BOWL pub - bare -knuckle boxing ring - night 21 the fight be over and the pub be close . only a few people remain clean up , mop the beer and blood . Watson enter fast , look around , and move upstairs . 22 22 int . punch BOWL pub - attic Watson walk down a dingy hallway towards a door . with a look of resignation , he open the door to see holme sit alone in the sterile , barely furnish room . holme face the corner , play scale on he violin . on the table next to he , a upside down Beer stein and a assortment of prescription medicine bottle . Watson approach , see holme have bloodshot eye from lack of sleep . Watson pick one of the medicine bottle which be open . watson you know this be for eye surgery ? holme I find that it lift my spirit . watson it 's a pathological amorbic process , it increase tissue change and weakness . and you know what a black reaction come on you afterwards . no answer . more scale . Watson approach , see holme have bloodshot eye from lack of sleep . the beer stein be full of fly all buzzing about . ( continued ) 24a . 22 continued : 22 holme look at this . if you play a chromatic scale , they move clockwise . as soon as you switch to a pentatonic scale -- holme play a different scale , the fly all stop move , stick to the glass . watson ( fake interest ) really ? what about when you -- oop -- Watson pick up the glass , let loose the fly . holme look up ; Watson 's already move for the door , piss . ( continued ) 25 . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 watson let 's go . lestrade want you at pentonville prison . holme that 's you job , not mine . watson you be blackwood 's last request . say he have information he will give only to you . but Watson 's already out the door . 23 ext . london - dawn 23 Watson and holme ride in a cab , pass familiar landmark as the city come to life . they sit in silence , tension hang between they . finally holme grab Watson 's bag , rummages around and pull out a clean white shirt . Watson look out the window , frustrated . he see the half -constructed Mass of tower bridge . near ground level , worker take down a large blackwood steel sign . holme look at that structure . what have it be ? five year ' work already ? be you aware that be the first combination of bascule and suspension bridge . very innovative . no reply . as holme be take off he jacket , he reach into he pocket and pull out a wad of money . ( continued ) 26 . 23 continued : 23 holme oh , I have you cut from last night , by the way . you be not there so I laid you customary bet -- silence . holme take off he shirt . holme you be right ... I will keep it with you check book , lock safely away in my drawer . silence . holme pull on the clean shirt . holme the opera house be feature Don Giovanni and I could easily procure two ticket if you have some cultural inclination this evening . silence . holme you have the grand gift of silence , Watson . it make you quite invaluable as a companion . Watson punch he square in the face . watson and you grand gift be the uncanny ability to demoralize people . I be aware she would be engage . she tell I . holme rub he jaw . holme so that 's a `no ' to the opera then ? Watson 's steaming . holme put on he vest . watson that 's my waistcoat . holme it 's too small for you . watson well , it 's my property and I want it back . ( continued ) 26aa . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 holme hand he the waistcoat which he promptly toss out of the carriage window . holme frown , look out the opposite window . 26a . 24 ext . pentonville prison - early morning 24 already a crowd be gather outside the jail , papers be for sale , blackwood 's death be the headline . Religious zealot and occultist swarm . Police keep they away from the entrance . holme head inside , Watson stop . watson you go ahead . I have no business with he while he 's alive . 25 omitted 25 27 . 26 int . pentonville prison - corridor - dawn 26 a pale , nervous guard lead holme down the shadowy corridor . all the cell be now empty . holme where be all the other prisoner ? guard we have to move `em , sir , otherwise we be go to have a riot on we hand . there 's something about he ... it 's like he can get inside you head . holme can see how spook the Guard be . holme I be sure I can find my own way from here , if you have other duty to attend to . guard much oblige , sir . thank you , thank you . the Guard high - tail it out of there . 27 27 int . pentonville prison - blackwood be cell - day holme approach blackwood 's cell , strolling insouciantly . no way this creep 's get to he . in the shadow he can barely make out blackwood , who 's read aloud to himself . holme listen , get closer . blackwood quote from revelation tbd ... blackwood pause , turn , see holme . they share a smile -- two heavyweight size each other up . holme Love what you have do with the place . blackwood thank you for join I . ( continued ) 28 . 27 continued : 27 holme a small point of concern . blackwood how can I help ? holme I would already follow the murder with some interest and while my heart go out to the family of the victim , I could not but notice a criminal mastery in the stroke of you brush -- blackwood you be too kind . holme however , by comparison , you work in the crypt be akin to a finger painting . suddenly , blackwood be right at the bar , close to holme . blackwood so now you be curious as to whether there 's a larger game afoot , and that 's why you be really here . holme actually , my friend will pronounce you dead shortly and I think I might keep he company . blackwood allow I to enlighten you . you mistake be to imagine that anything earthly have lead to this moment . you error in judgement be to assume I have be hold the brush at all -- I be merely the channel . despite the bar between they , the man be close together . holme seem to be study blackwood 's ear . ( continued ) 29 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 holme my only wish be that I would catch you earlier . I might have spare five life . blackwood that life be a necessity , a sacrifice . five otherwise meaningless creature call to serve a great purpose . holme I wonder if they would let Watson and I dissect you brain -- after you be hang , of course . I would wager there 's some deformity that would be scientifically significant . then you would serve a great purpose , too . blackwood Mr. holme , you must widen you gaze . I be concerned you underestimate the gravity of come event . ( beat ) for you and I be bound on a journey that will twist the very fabric of nature . ( beat ) I sense fragility beneath you mask of logic , and it worry I . steel you mind , holme , I need you . holme step back , shake he head . holme I must say , you have come a long way down from the House of lord . blackwood but I will rise again . holme bon voyage , blackwood . as holme walk away , blackwood call after he . blackwood pay attention ! Three more shall die , and there be nothing you can do to save they . ( more ) ( continued ) 29a . 27 continued : ( 3 ) 27 blackwood ( cont 'd ) you must accept that this be beyond you control , or by the time you realize it be you that make it all possible it will be the last sane think in you head . 28 int . pentonville prison - corridor - morning 28 holme walk down the corridor , meet lestrade and a priest . the place be bustling with cop and official . lestrade what do he want ? holme nothing . holme look at the priest . holme do not think you be need , Father . not for this one . 29 29 int . pentonville prison - gallow the room where the execution take place be pack to the rafter with senior official , member of the government and cop . we get a good look at some of the face . Watson be there too . blackwood walk up into the noose . CUT to : a shot of gathere witness and official CUT to : a shot of the executioner CUT to : ( continued ) 30 . 29 continued : 29 a shot of blackwood smile malignly . his final word : blackwood death be only the beginning . CUT to : a shot of the hood go over blackwood 's head . CUT to : a shot of the noose slip around blackwood 's neck . CUT to : a shot of the perspire priest clutching he Bible . CUT to : a shot of the trap door open . leg fall through and yank tight . CUT to : a shot of watson check blackwood 's pulse . he pronounce blackwood dead . the show be over . 30 30 int . 221 baker STREET - day holme be out cold , lie on he tiger skin rug . crack ! his eye fly open . crack !! irene ( o.s. ) London 's so bleak this time of year . ( continued ) 31 . 30 continued : 30 reveal : irene adler sit on the stair near holme ' lab , crack walnut . she stand and holme watch she every move as she cross to he . she lean down , put the walnut in front of he and flash he a smile . irene not that I be pine for New Jersey . irene get up to cross the room . only once she back be turn do holme lever himself upright , stunne by this intrusion . as soon as she clear he quickly move over to a conceal safe . he test the door to make sure it 's still lock . irene I prefer to travel in the winter . as she pass a small table that have be outfit with tea , dry fruit , olive , etc ... irene I bring a few souvenir . date from Jordan , tea from ceylon and olive from cyclade . I think we would have a little tea party to cheer we up . irene grab a file from holme ' desk . irene I come across this as I be set up . irene open the file , flip through newspaper clipping and police report , she back to holme . irene theft of velasquez portrait from the King of Spain ... miss naval document lead to resignation of bulgarian Prime Minister ... scandalous affair end engagement of hapsburg Prince to romanov princess . holme stealthily turn down a photo of irene , just before she turn back to face he . ( continued ) 32 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 holme simply study you methodology for when the authority ask I to hunt you down . irene I do not see my name anywhere . holme but you signature be clear . holme reach for irene and pull on a chain around she neck , revealing and enormous diamond . holme ah , the maharajah 's miss diamond . another souvenir ? irene he have a palace full of they . let 's not dwell on the past . they move to sit at the table . irene by the look of thing you be between case at the moment . holme and you , husband . no ring ? irene he snore . I be irene adler again and I need you help to find someone . there 's nobody more brilliant or who know London better than you . plus , it 's a wonderful opportunity to see you again . track into irene 's hypnotically beautiful eye . holme almost melt . then , irene reach for something inside she jacket and holme grab she hand . irene why be you so suspicious ? holme should I answer chronologically or alphabetically ? irene pull out a envelope . ( continued ) 33 . 30 continued : ( 3 ) 30 irene this be all the information you need . she hand he the envelope . holme who be you work for ? just for a brief moment , she can not hide the anxiety in she eye . irene I be my own man . ( continued ) 33A . 30 continued : ( 4 ) 30 she stand and pull out a large bag of coin . holme keep you money . I do not say I would take the case . she ignore he . holme examine the envelope . on it be stamp the letterhead of the Grand Hotel . she pause behind he as she exit . irene they give I we old room . as she walk out she put she photo back upright . 31 int . 221 baker ST . - stair 31 irene descend the stair just as Watson be come in . he lift he hat , wait for she to pass -- irene hello , John . -- do a speechless double - take when he see who it be . irene keep move . 34 . 32 ext . london STREET 32 we pick up irene crossing a street . she pass a dark alleyway . pause . look . she turn into the alley . hold on the alley for a long beat . too dark to see much in there . CUT to : irene emerge from the alley hold a lovely bunch of rose . she sniff they appreciatively , walk on . CUT to : irene approach a wait carriage , look around she , get in . CUT to : 33 33 int . carriage irene sit , turn to address a man-shape shadow fill the opposite corner of the carriage . before she can speak , a gesture from the shadow still she . this be professor moriarty . irene be make to wait as moriarty finish write a complex mathematical equation ( in astronomy ) , fold the paper to reveal that it be address to the royal astronomical society , crack open the carriage window and slide the fold paper partway out . someone wait outside take the paper , and they footstep clatter away . moriarty close the window , and the carriage start move . a full beat go by before he turn to irene , finally prepare to engage with she . moriarty I assume he will do it ? irene not for money , but for I . I wager he will find we man within twenty - four hour . moriarty you wager ? ( continued ) 34aa . 33 continued : 33 irene I be certain . moriarty a better word . I sincerely hope it 's accurate . irene I -- suddenly , the coach come to a halt , they lurch forward . 34 ext . london STREET 34 a rough-looking beggar wear a eye patch have fall under a wheel of the coach . beggar ow , I leg ! ( continued ) 34a . 34 continued : 34 coach driver get out of it ! beggar you run I over , sir , yes you do ! coach driver you fall right into the carriage ! the beggar be up , limping toward the window where moriarty and irene sit . he have disgusting blacken tooth . beggar a little charity would go a long way , yes it would , sir . ( continued ) 35 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 he reach toward the window . within a nanosecond , moriarty extend he hand into which a pistol appear , deliver by a conceal mechanism ( Travis bickle style ) . the gun rest on the beggar 's forehead . the cold eye of the man that hold the weapon bore into the skull of the beggar , who back off in fear . the carriage move on . 35 int . 221 baker ST . - holme ' apartment 35 holme be wash he face in a basin on the other side of the room , completely transformed now , utterly alive . Watson approach , very concerned , almost enraged . watson look at you , I can not believe you run after she like a schoolboy again . leap about , all aflutter . be you a masochist ? holme allow I to explain . watson do not you remember what she do to you ? she turn you inside out , she make a proper idiot of you . I be sorry , you be go to explain something ... holme thank you , I -- watson I know , instead of just be trick into be a witness at she wedding like last time -- holme I do not believe -- watson you dress up as clergyman and actually perform the ceremony . she would love that . holme you have have you fun . this be a hopeless cause -- Watson will not stop . watson what 's she after , anyway ? ( continued ) 36 . 35 continued : 35 holme now it 's time to press on . holme now it 's time to press on . holme look like he 's have enough . watson go on . I will not interrupt . holme it do not matter -- watson what could she possibly need ? a alibi , a beard , a human canoe . she can sit on you back and paddle you up the Thames ... holme grab the envelope back . holme regrettably , we have have we last case together . that be my date . watson I have already read it . luke reordon , four foot ten , red hair , miss two front tooth . holme pick up he violin . watson case solve ! you be just not she type , holme . she like ginger dwarf . holme midget ! watson so you agree ? holme no , I do not agree . it 's more than a technicality . you be misrepresent the dimension of foreshortened people . watson I have upset you , I can tell . I have say too much . ( continued ) 36a . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 holme no , I be just say , one have disproportionate limb the other do not . watson alright . what be you just do ? holme will you allow I to explain . watson that 's what I have be try to do . holme pluck he violin , the note play over a flashback of the previous scene , all from holme ' point of view . 36 flashback - int . 221 baker ST . - holme ' apartment 36 we see irene step out . irene why do not I see myself out . once irene leave , he step quickly to a window , and look out to see she walk down Baker Street , turn down a alley . he bolt into -- 36a int . 221 baker ST . - corridor 36 a he see Watson come up the stair . before Watson can speak , holme snatch he coat and run down the other end of the corridor . he jump out the window to -- 37 ext . 221 baker ST . - rear yard 37 holme fly from the window and land neatly on a tin roof . the jump to the next level be a more taxing prospect . holme weigh the distance and hurl himself down with a determine look . he land just right . 37a-37d omitted 37a-37d 37 . 38 ext . coal shed 38 holme jump off the shed , head for the street one block over from Baker Street . 38a ext . london STREET 38 a he run down the mews in great haste , stop at the same alley that irene disappear into -- but at the other side . CUT to : holme ' Pov down alley from concealment : irene walk towards a man holding a bunch of rose . man with rose get some rose for you , sweetheart . cut you a deal ico you be so pretty . irene oh , how nice of you . even without the man -- who be scrofulous and sly -- no woman in she right mind would go down this alley . 38b 38b int . alley the man with the rose beckon irene forward . another man step in behind she , trapping she . he close in to grab she -- -- and whap ! whap ! whap ! get three cosh-strike across the chin , drop he immediately . still hold the rose , the man find himself smack up against the brick with irene 's hand over he mouth . Quick as a snake , she slice upwards with a razor - sharp knife , cut he belt , then he clothes , all the way to he collar . the move end with irene 's finger over she own mouth , signal the mugger to be quiet . he obey , eye bulg . irene frisk he expertly . she 's mugging the mugger . there be excitement in she eye ; this turn she on . ( continued ) 37a . 38b continued : 38b irene oh , look , a wallet . do not look like yours , do it ? and -- naughty boy -- here 's another one . I will return they , shall I ? she take both wallet , take the rose -- irene this be lovely , thank you . -- and leave , step daintily over the crumpled man on the floor . on second thought , she turn back , take he wallet too , then leave . CUT to : angle on holme holme now , that 's the irene I know . he hurry after irene down the alley . 38c 38c ext . london STREET holme exit the alley , catch a glimpse of irene through a STREET fair , which be be assemble . holme pick up the pace . he snatch a hat from a one - eye old beggar with he hand out . he drop a coin in he hand , then another coin and snatch the beggar 's eye patch too . he run past a coal cart , snag a lump of coal , rub it on he face and hand , then pop it in he mouth , chew it to blacken he tooth . he pause to singe the sleeve of Watson 's coat on a fairground fire - breather 's flame , run on . 39 ext . london STREET 39 holme emerge as the beggar we see previously . again he stop the coach and again the gun come out , but this time we can see that holme get a view of the man on the other end of the weapon before the carriage pull away . 37b . 40 int . 221 baker ST . - holme ' apartment ( present ) 40 holme strum one more chord on he violin , think . irene 's bag of money still sit on the table . holme this man intrigue I , Watson . he 's get adler on edge . watson which be no mean feat . holme she 's intimidate , scared ... watson and yet she work for he . that 's bad money . it 's nothing to do with I , but leave this case . holme motion to the bill . holme well , I may not have a choice . a man have to make a live . after all , I will be pay the rent entirely on my own . watson you know what , I have have just about enough -- holme clarky ! voice ( o.s. ) mister holme , sir ...? he turn to see ... constable clark stand at the door . breathless , pale , scared . constable clark Inspector lestrade ask that you come with I , at once . ( continued ) 38 . 40 continued : 40 holme ( mumble ) what 's he do now , lose he way to Scotland yard ? Watson , grab a compass . you mean we . watson we mean you . constable clark it 's Lord blackwood , sir . it appear he 's come back from the dead . watson well that 's clever see as how I pronounce he dead myself . constable clark a groundsman see he walk through the grave , just this morning . watson I will leave this one in you capable hand . I have tea with Mary and she parent this evening . Watson walk into he office . holme it be not my reputation at stake here . watson be you take this seriously ? holme like it or not , it 's a matter of professional integrity . no girl want to marry a doctor who can not tell if a man 's dead or not . they all move to the exit . holme Watson , you would do well to hide you medical certificate in case they be revoke . clarky laugh . 38aa . 41 ext . the blackwood estate - establishing - day 41 judge by the estate , blackwood come from old money , and lot of it . we follow the carriage hurry holme and Watson forward . 42 ext . the blackwood burial plot - day 42 generation of wealth bury in moss - cover marble memorial . not a place for a picnic , not even on a bright sunny day -- and it 's start to rain . a cop stop the carriage , open the door . holme and Watson exit , Watson carry a black leather forensics kit . they walk up the pathway towards the blackwood family crypt . Watson barely lift he head , scan the ground while holme appear to have take a interest in a clump of tree in the distance . watson look at this mess . nothing but standard - issue police bootprint . any possible evidence there might have be have be trample . ( continued ) 38a . 42 continued : 42 holme Scotland yard at they finest , once again . Police lamp light one large marble crypt . the cop be in tight cluster , whisper to themselves , spook . they would rather be anywhere but here . as holme and Watson approach , they see the marble door of the crypt have be blasted OPEN from the inside . holme and Watson share a quick glance -- this be interesting . lestrade emerge from the crypt . he be sweat , shake . ( continued ) 39 . 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 holme offer lestrade he handkerchief , lestrade wave it off . lestrade look at that slab of marble -- they be half a ton each if they be a pound -- smashed outward like they be nothing . on second think , lestrade do take holme ' handkerchief . lestrade explain it if you can , holme . holme inspect the door , check the hinge . he notice the blackwood crest , and the image of a sphinx . holme and the coffin ? lestrade we be digging it up now . the witness be over there . you can question he if you like -- but you will not get much . the old groundskeeper , pale and terrify , stand out of the rain under a ancient cypress tree . Watson head for he . holme disappear in the opposite direction . as soon as they back be turn , lestrade march over to a nervous knot of cop , grab a fistful of blue in each hand , drag he boy in close . he do not want holme or Watson to hear this . lestrade ( low , angry ) if you lot do not stop behave like a bunch of superstitious milk maid , you be on double-time ! you be a embarrassment ! also , you be forbidden to talk about this to anyone , not a word . be we bloody clear on that ? the cop nod , duly chasten . CUT to : ( continued ) 40 . 42 continued : ( 3 ) 42 the groundskeeper mumble the Lord 's prayer under he breath . Watson immediately go into doctor mode check he pulse , look in he eye . the groundskeeper just keep praying . Watson take a boil sweet from he pocket , pop it in the man 's mouth and gently sit he down . holme walk over hold a small branch from a tree . watson he 's in shock . we should give he a few moment . lestrade stomp up . lestrade the witness state that he see Lord blackwood rise from the grave . ( at Watson , accusingly ) well ? you pronounce the man dead . watson ( stung ) he have no pulse . holme Inspector , do you know if this be a spruce or a sycamore ? lestrade shake he head . it have not be a good day for he , or the yard . there 's a clunk . they all turn to see the coffin have be extract from the crypt . four beefy , soil -stain cop emerge lug the coffin . they place it on the ground , step back , crossing themselves , murmure , plainly terrify . holme chuckle . lestrade OPEN it !! ( continued ) 41 . 42 continued : ( 4 ) 42 but no one move . the cop pass a crowbar around as if it be red-hot . Watson 's have enough . he march forward -- -- snatch the crowbar away , jam it under the lid and lever it off with a slow , eerie groan . holme and lestrade move forward , the cop move backward . the coffin be fill with earth , overflow . they brush away a layer of dirt , to reveal ... a dead body in the coffin . the body be a much smaller man than blackwood , in everyday clothes , with red hair . lestrade that 's not blackwood . holme now that we have a firm grasp of the obvious ... Watson open he forensic kit , disturb . vial , silver tool . he take a caliper , begin examine the body . watson lividity be late stage . diptera deposit be approximately -- ( measure ) -- three quarter of a inch , put the time of death at ten to twelve hour ago . holme Inspector , may I see you pen ? lestrade hand over a nice fountain pen , still stunne . holme take the pen and pries open the corpse 's mouth , revealing : two miss tooth in the man 's jaw . watson miss two incisor in the upper jaw ... ( a look at holme ) adler 's midget . holme spot something glint in the man 's dirt - fill pocket . he use the pen to fish out : a pocket watch . holme all yours , Inspector . holme hand the pen back to lestrade . lestrade look at it with dismay , take it in holme ' handkerchief -- a small measure of revenge . ( continued ) 42 . 42 continued : ( 5 ) 42 holme and Watson begin walk away from the crypt . lestrade follow , anxious . holme show he the dusty pocket watch . holme scratch around the keyhole where the watch be wound . most drunk be the same , and pawnbroker scratch the ticket number and they initial inside the lid . this one have five , so the owner -- groundskeeper ( o.s. ) he be walk . they all stop , suddenly . the old groundskeeper stand in front of they , ready to unburden himself . groundskeeper ( quivering voice ) he be walk but he foot do not touch the ground . and I be not daft , I know what I see and I know Lord blackwood . he be as alive as you or I . it 's not right . it 's not natural . ( turn , leave ) we Father who art in heaven ... ( etc . ) all three man watch the groundskeeper go . a sudden gust of wind moan eerily . they all want to get the hell out of there . holme now the game be afoot , Watson . 42a-50 omitte 42a -50 51 ext . london STREET - day 51 holme stand in the middle of the street contentedly observe humanity . Watson enter frame and hand holme a bundle wrap in newspaper . watson I fail to see how this fish and chip be different from the three other place we pass along the way . holme trust I . ( continued ) 42a . 51 continued : 51 watson just eat . holme comply hungrily and they start to stroll along . Watson appear preoccupy . watson you know , I have see thing in war that I could not explain . I once hear a man predict he death , down to the number and placement of the bullet hole that kill he . you have to admit that a supernatural explanation be at least theoretically possible . ( continued ) 43 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 holme ( mouth full , near indecipherable ) never theorize before you have data . invariably , you end up twist fact to suit theory , instead of theory to suit fact . adler 's midget be the key to this . holme pull out a jeweler' loup , screw it into he eye , and flip reordon 's watch open . he examine the lid . holme hmm ... scratch around the keyhole , what do that tell you ? watson the owner be most likely a drunk . each time he wound the watch he hand would slip , hence the scratch . holme very good , Watson ! you have develop considerable power of you own . Watson look quite chuff . holme let 's see now , there be several set of initial score into the lid . watson pawnbroker 's mark . holme excellent . Watson look extremely pleased with himself until they turn a corner into a street where every second shop be a pawn shop . his face fall . holme the most recent be m.h ... Watson shake he head . watson maddison and haig . ( continued ) 43a . 51 continued : ( 3 ) 51 holme oh my Lord , here we be . they should give we a address . we see maddison &amp ; haig , pawnbroker , respectable , discreet , ahead of they there on bow Street . watson there 's one thing you have miss . on the watch . holme I think not . watson the time . which lead I to deduce that I be already late for my appointment with Mary . you remember , the one I be leave for before you talk I into come to dig up dead body with you . a gypsy palm reader approach Watson as he turn to leave . palm reader reckon you future , sir ? holme perhaps we do need a little help from the beyond . watson no , thank you . she grab he hand anyway . palm reader you need to hear what I have to tell you . Watson be so take aback by the urgency and gravity of she tone that he do not pull away . palm reader I see two man , brother . not in blood but in bond . I see the letter S and a L , no ... wait , a J. holme and Watson look at each other . she have they attention . ( continued ) 43b . 51 continued : ( 4 ) 51 palm reader ( wince ) I see madness . a man drive out of he mind by a malign force . Watson look at holme . palm reader I see a letter ... the letter m... another m... Mary ? you will be marry ... I see ... I see ... ( horrify ) pattern table clothes , china figurine , lace doily ... Watson snatch he hand away . watson you think you be clever do not you ? holme feign innocence . palm reader she turn to fat ... watson enough . the Palm reader look at holme . holme ( to Watson ) do you have any change ? Watson shake he head as he pay the woman . watson this be a new low -- even for you . ( continued ) 44 . 51 continued : ( 5 ) 51 holme it 's the most honest prediction old flora have make in year . and you know it yourself , Watson . that be precisely the reason you can not find a suitable ring . you be terrify of a life without the thrill of the macabre , as well you should be . holme swallow the last of he cod and cast the wrapping aside , pleased with himself . watson do you still have my cut from the fight ? holme dig into a pocket , produce a wad of coin . holme why , do you -- Watson snatch the money , storm into madison and haig . holme be confuse until he spot a sign in the window : " large selection of engagement ring for every wallet . " holme start to look a bit nervous . as he follow Watson , he be intercept by the Palm reader who grab he arm . palm reader I see something in he hand . darkness and great pain . mortal peril . warn you friend , he 's not safe . even holme be take aback by this . 52 52 ext . london east end - minute later holme and Watson move down the street , the pawnshop behind they . now Watson be smile , and holme be not . Watson be beam at : a engagement ring in a box . watson not bad , eh ? holme turn away , look down at the ticket he get from the pawnshop : a address . holme reordon 's lodging should be right around this bend . here we be ... ( continued ) 44a . 52 continued : 52 he slow , look up at a dark , dingy lodging house . some window be board up . holme look promise . and possibly dangerous . oh , well , give my regards to Mary . ( continued ) 45 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 holme head for lodging house . Watson check he watch . 53 omitted 53 54 int . lodging house 54 holme wind he way up a twist flight of creaky stair , find a door with scratch on the keyhole . holme take out he knife and go to work on the lock . it be fiddly . it take he a while . he kneel to get a better angle with the knife . crack ! Watson 's boot flash past he as he kick the door off its hinge . off holme ' pleased reaction , he gesture they inside . watson I can spare ten minute . 55 55 int . reordon be room - day the squalid doorway open into a series of dark room . Watson light a lamp which reveal detail of a interior that stop they both in they track : from floor to ceiling , every available inch be cover in write , biblical Latin and Hebrew . scrawle - on paper and page be tack to wall and carve into the plaster , crucifix punctuate the yard of text and collage , strange pagan charm hang from the ceiling . holme he clearly feel something be come to get he . watson something do . they move further inside where there be a hallway and a basic bedroom . holme inspect it , move through a door . ( continued ) 46 . 55 continued : 55 holme ( o.s. ) Watson , come take a look at this -- Watson put down what he be look at , go towards ... 56 int . reordon' lab 56 instantly , Watson cover he nose with a handkerchief . watson ( reeling ) bloody hell ... the room be stack with a alarming amount of scientific and biological paraphernalia . some of it give off a distinctly electrical hum . ungodly fragment of limb and matter float in jar . holme ( inhale deeply , loving it ) ammonium sulfate . in the center of the room , something rotting . a experiment generate a massive stench , a seethe cloud of fly . holme and Watson step closer to see : dead frog . eye open impossibly wide , they body freeze in strange contortion , as if mid-death -rattle . holme move around the room , sniff like a morbid perfumer . Watson do he best not to gag . holme ( mumble ) phosphorous ... formaldehyde ... hemlock ... watson appear he be attempt to follow occult formula with scientific practice . Watson move to the stove , see a sheaf of burnt paper . he dig through they , find one piece not as burnt as the rest . a crest stamp on it , impossible to read . Watson dig through he forensic bag , pull out vial . watson have he any hydrochloric acid ? ( continued ) 47 . 56 continued : 56 holme shuffles a few bottle , toss one to Watson . Watson catch it , start pour the acid , another chemical on a clean sheet of paper . holme sense something , move into the next room . he stop at a open window , smell the curtain : holme irene be here . Watson press the chemical - soak paper onto the burnt paper . watson why would she hire you to find he , if she plan to do the job herself ? holme maybe it 's not the man she 's after , but something else . something he be work on ? watson ferrocyanide . suck the iron right out of the ink . Long as it 's not too burnt ... Watson keep rub the paper together , put it by the lantern . slowly , faint word appear on the blank page . ghostly chemistry . Watson see the crest be blackwood 's . watson he work for blackwood . holme get a whiff of something , raise a eyebrow . he start walk back to the other room . holme there 's one odor I can not put my finger on . sweet , almost like perfume ... or sugar .... ( stop , sniff ) barley sugar . 57 omitted 57 58 int . reordon' room 58 boom ! the door whip open . two thug spill into the room . ( continued ) 48 . 58 continued : 58 they be follow by dredger , a huge man , just shy of seven foot tall and push 400 pound , slightly deform , who follow they into the room . he suck on a twisty stick of barley sugar ( victorian hard candy ) . they stop , surprised to see holme and Watson . holme ' eye widen at the giant . holme hello , gentleman . dredger be deadpan . dredger sherlock holme . holme let I guess -- you be here to extinguish any connection between the man who live here and the man you work for ? curious you would still be run errand for a dead man . dredger ( smile ) you do like to talk . the two thug step toward holme and Watson . holme you take they , I will handle Mr. sweet tooth . watson seem about fair . Watson meet the man in the middle of the room , swinging at they . as they dodge and swing back -- holme grab a stand lamp , slide it into he hand as a weapon . he look at dredger , know it will not make a dent . he keep move , swinging the lamp toward a curtain . in the blink of a eye : he wrap up the curtain , rip it down , bring the heavy steel rod with it . he catch the rod , flipping it so the curtain-rings rain to the floor . he spin the rod expertly , smashing it into dredger 's face . it stun the giant for a beat , but quickly -- dredger lunge forward , trapping the steel rod under he arm . he grab the rod and hurl holme through the air , send he fly into -- ( continued ) 49 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 int . reordon be lab holme crash - land on the table , scatter all the bottle and tool . he blink , try to gather he sense . he see dredger income , as -- Watson tussle with the thug , a bar-room brawler . head but one , kick the other in the groin . the man whip out knife . Watson duck and dodge , blade flash on either side of he . one of the blade slice he shirt , rip off he pocket , so -- the engagement ring fall to the floor . one of the thug accidentally kick it , send it across the ground . as Watson follow the ring with he eye , the first man hurl he knife . Watson just barely duck the blade , which smack into the second thug , who fall . Watson fight the first thug , as he scramble toward the ring . 58a 58a int . reordon be lab dredger bear down on holme . holme reach out for some kind of weapon , anything he can grab . he snatch a short shaft . a truly pathetic weapon . dredger lurch toward holme , who swing the metal shaft desperately , and ... the shaft SPARKS . zap ! a flash of light and crackle , and dredger get a electric SHOCK that send he fly back twenty foot -- 58b int . reordon' room 58b Watson finish off he thug and pluck the engagement ring off the floor , just as -- dredger fly through the air , slamming into Watson , knock he off he foot , and knock the ring away . holme look at the lightning rod in he hand , stunne by the efficacy of the weapon . dredger try to recover , climb off of Watson . holme crank he weapon . the rod spark and hum . dredger pull himself up with the help of a water pipe on the wall . holme think quickly , then touch the other end of the pipe with the rod , and zzzapppp !! the electrical current run along the pipe , and knock dredger back twenty more foot . ( continued ) 50 . 58b continued : 58b Watson spot the ring roll towards the window , start run for it , frantic as -- dredger rise , a clear change in he demeanor . he look at the sparking rod and race for the window as well . Watson chase the engagement ring , bend down ... just as he 's about to grab it ... thud ! dredger 's massive foot stomp down on the ring . dredger give Watson a cruel smile , then leap out the window , landing atop a heap of coal . Watson glare as -- holme blast past he , leap out the window . Watson pick up the ring , see : the stone be knock out of the set , lose in the floorboard , the rest of the ring mangle . Watson darken , grip he ruin ring , and head out -- 59-60 59-60 omitted 61 ext . tooley ironworks - gate 61 dredger run down the street , knock people out of he way . holme give chase , darting around people , trail dredger through the gate of a huge commercial shipbuilder . Watson bring up the rear , as -- 61a omitted 61a 62 int . slipway - day 62 dredger run towards a slipway , which hold the unfinished hull of a large ship . the vessel can not be far from completion ; it sit in a wheeled carriage design to see it smoothly into water . 63 ext . UN - launched ship - first slipway 63 for now though , big wooden chock hold it in place , the whole thing be attach to a heavy chain that coil back around the shed that they just run through . holme trail the hulk form of dredger into this network of strut . they weave through the shadow . holme see one of the cable shifting slightly . he take a angle to cut off dredger , and -- ( continued ) 51 . 63 continued : 63 zap ! holme step into dredger 's path , hit he with the lightning - rod , knock he back . zap !! holme give another jolt , but the shaft start to lose power . dredger know there be not much juice leave . he reach out , grab the weapon and ... smile a terrifying smile . a moment of reckoning between holme and dredger : the shaft slowly ... sizzle ... out . dredger toss the rod . and now , holme back away , as -- dredger grab a sledgehammer , and swing the hammer at holme , smash some of the wooden support , tear other out of he way . the ship lurch forward . 64 ext . fabrication shed - day 64 Watson run round the end of the building and see holme scramble under the half - build hull . dredger in pursuit . 64a 64a ext . UN - launched ship - slipway a police whistle echoe through the air . dredger turn for a moment , just long enough for -- holme to launch himself at dredger . they tumble down onto the massive runner on the floor of the slipway . holme wrestle dredger 's head onto the runner and pin he down . dredger kick out viciously , splintering another chock . it 's the last straw for the support mechanism , the whole thing start to creak . 64b ext . fabrication shed 64b from he vantage point , Watson can see what 's come . watson holme ! 65 ext . second slipway - continuous action 65 grappling frantically on the runner , both holme and dredger look up as the huge chock hold the ship explode backward -- -- the propellers on the stern of the ship start slide down towards they . 52 . 66 ext . second slipway - continuous action 66 dredger look up at the approach of the propeller -- -- holme charge into dredger again , pull he backwards across the runner . dredger pull holme down with he , holme ' head hit the ground hard . holme lie semi-conscious , eye roll back into he head , as the leviathan roar down towards he . the ground beneath he shake , knock he head against the runner -- once , twice -- as he blink back into consciousness , he see the great shadow sweeping over he . he 's doom . and ... the stern lurch to a stop inches from he face . he open one tentative eye , half expect to find himself in the after-life , and see black metal a inch from he nose . he realize the ship have stop , but he do not know why . he try to roll out of the way , as -- 66a 66a ext . second slipway - continuous action we see the chain extend taut as a tight - rope behind the half - launch ship . the ship squeal and groan as its timber support buckle and crack with the weight of the tethere ship . a beat where the whole business hang in limbo and ... the timber finally give way . the ship be free again , fall through the air -- holme roll sideways as the propeller slice through the air above he head -- the hull scream past he with a sound like the side of the world be tear off -- -- and then the ship 's away , parting the Thames with a vast , frothy explosion of water . holme watch the ship drift gracefully out into the river -- from vortex to serenity in a matter of second . a quiet beat . holme collapse back , great gulp of air disappear into he lung . he try to pull himself to he foot , but dredger 's bone - shaking punch have take it out of he and he sag back to the ground . Watson arrive , help he to he foot . they stagger back to the slipway where dredger be stand . and they find : ( continued ) 53 . 66a continued : 66a nothing . no blood or trace . the big man be go . the police whistle get louder , officer swarm the scene . they see the wreckage , the ship adrift , and ... holme and Watson . Watson look at he watch and do a slow , deep burn . 67 int . london jail - morning 67 the next morning . a giant hold cell where every shade and aspect of victorian villainy be corral . holme wake up on a bench after a peaceful night 's sleep . Watson sit next to he , exhaust , bloodshot eye . he 's read he notebook , make the odd change here and there . holme look up and see Watson stare at he , shaking he head . watson I have not sleep all night . I deserve this ... I clearly deserve it . how could I ever be so delude as to believe I could meet Mary 's parent for tea once I let myself be talk into go with you . now of course I be in jail . holme try to wiggle he finger which cause he enough pain that he decide to bind they with irene 's handkerchief . holme ( theatrically indignant ) you be not imply that I be responsible for we current situation be you , Watson ? we be set upon , man , it be self - defense . Watson shake the notebook in holme ' face . watson I have use the time to review my note on we exploit of the last seven month ... and I have come to the conclusion that I must be suffer from to some profound psychological aberration . ( continued ) 54 . 67 continued : 67 watson ( cont 'd ) why else would I continually allow myself to be lead into situation where you be deliberately withhold you intention from I ? holme you have never complain about my method before . watson I be not complain ... I never complain ... I never complain about you violin play at three in the morning , you mess , you lack of hygiene , you steal my clothes , you set we home on fire ! holme that be a accident ... Watson challenge he with a look . holme the first time be a accident ... big man ( o.s. ) remember I , boy ? put I away for robbery a few year back ? holme turn and come face - to- face with a dangerous - look man who have a few conspicuous wart on he face . holme ah , Mr. brownlee . the fifteenth most dangerous man in London . Watson snap at the man . watson who could forget that face ? I tell you , a little nitrate of silver and the wart will be go in two week . now , if you will excuse we ! brownlee take a swing at Watson . holme check he and drop brownlee without miss a beat . ( continued ) 54a . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 watson ( to holme ) nor be I complain about the fact that you terrorize my patient and perform outlandish experiment on my dog . holme gladstone 's my dog as well . it 's in the interest of science . watson what I do take issue with be you ruthless campaign to sabotage my relationship with Mary . holme Watson , I completely understand now . you be overtire and feel a bit sensitive . Watson now turn away , completely irritate at holme ' lack of understanding . holme what you need be a rest . you and I could go out to the countryside . my brother mycroft have a small estate near chichester . it have marvelous grounds and a beautiful folly . we could throw a lamb on the spit . Watson shake he head in disbelief . watson if I be go to the country , I would be go with my future wife -- holme certainly . we should have she along . let 's get gladstone out of the house as well . watson no , holme . not you . I and she . you be not -- holme invite ? now you be not make any sense , Watson . why would I not be invite to my own brother 's country home ? ( continued ) 54b . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 watson you be not human . you do not get it , do you ? you be this ... ( touch he own head ) ... without this . he touch he own heart . they hear a billyclub hit the bar . prison guard John Watson ? you make bail . Watson step up . holme look confuse . he step forward . but the Guard shake he head . prison guard just Watson . as he slide open the bar , they see ... mary emerge from behind the Guard . Watson stand for a beat between holme and Mary . he must make a decision . and he do -- -- he leave . holme watch he walk out , then lock eye with Mary . she give he a polite nod , turn , head off with Watson . the bar slide shut . the mob surround holme . he 's never look more alone . 68 68 int . london jail - corridor lestrade head toward the hold room , flanke by prison warden . ( continued ) 55 . 68 continued : 68 as the door be open , the thug blast out backwards , have just be batter through it by holme . holme lestrade -- you usual impeccable timing . lestrade you know , in another life , you would have make a excellent criminal . holme and you , sir , a excellent policeman . 69 ext . london jail - day 69 holme and lestrade march along . lestrade hold out a copy of the newspaper . the headline read : " blackwood live and the devil walk with he ! murderer resurrected ! " lestrade tell I you have answer . holme all in good time . lestrade we do not have time . I have a office full of policeman hang cross over they desk . a public that 's work itself into a frenzy ... holme see a dark , strange carriage wait , door open . holme who 's this ? lestrade try to behave yourself . they just pay a small fortune to bail you out . 70 omitted 70 71 int . carriage 71 holme enter . a anonymous man sit in the other seat . ( continued ) 56 . 71 continued : 71 anonymous man I be afraid you will have to put this on . he hold a black hood . holme shrug . CUT to black . fade in : 72 int . temple of four order headquarters 72 the hood be pull off . holme take in the scene , eye flick around the room . he 's in a grand office where a man in he late 60 , sir thomas , rise from a pile of papers . sir thomas Mr. holme , apology for summoning you like this . I be sure it 's quite a mystery as to where you be , and who I be . holme as to where I be -- I be , admittedly , lose for a moment between chare Cross and holborn . but I be save by the bread shop on saffron Hill , the only baker to use a certain french glaze on they loaf . after that , the carriage fork leave , then right , a bump over the fleet conduit -- need I go on ? somewhat stunne , Sir Thomas shake he head . holme as to who you be -- that take every ounce of my not - inconsiderable experience and skill ... the letter on you desk be address to Sir Thomas rotheram , Lord Chief justice . that would be you official title . who you really be be another matter entirely . Sir Thomas be not in the mood for this -- but holme be on a roll . ( continued ) 56A . 72 continued : 72 holme judge by the sacred ox on you ring , you be also the secret head of the Temple of the four order -- in whose headquarters we now stand , on the northwest corner of St. James Square . ( beat ) and as to the mystery -- the mystery be why you bother to blindfold I in the first place . sir thomas yes , well , it 's standard procedure , I suppose . holme shake he head ; what a massive lack of judgement on they part . standish ( o.s. ) I think we have the right man . holme turn to see JOHN standish and lord coward stand behind he . standish be a american in he sixty . coward be a hard , ambitious man in he 30 . ( continued ) 57 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 sir thomas sherlock holme , ambassador standish from America and Lord coward , the Home Secretary . holme acknowledge they -- barely -- as they enter . he be not impressed by rank . lord coward I suppose you already have some notion as to the -- practice of we order ? holme yes . they be almost interesting . sir thomas be as skeptical as you like -- but we secret system have steer the world towards the great good for century . the danger be that they can also be exploit for more nefarious purpose . lord coward what some call the dark art , or practical magic . holme look around the room , see flag on the wall with ancient symbol , variation of the sphinx . standish we know you be be a rationalist . we do not ask you to share we faith , only we fear . holme fear be the more infectious condition . ( at Sir Thomas ) in this case , fear of you own child . that shock they rigid . holme blackwood be you son , yes ? you have the same color irise -- a rare dark green , with diamond - shape hazel fleck -- ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . 72 continued : ( 3 ) 72 holme ( cont 'd ) ( point at Sir Thomas ' ear ) -- plus identical outer ear , or pinna , which only pass down through the direct bloodline , which would make you either brother , or , more likely , father and son . stun , the man consult silently , come to some sort of conclusion . they turn back to holme . Sir Thomas seem especially shake . sir thomas very few people be privy to that information , and we want to keep it that way . Sir Thomas open a bureau , dig for something . sir thomas he be conceive during one of we ritual . his mother be not my wife , but she share we belief . she be a powerful practitioner . though not enough to survive give birth to he . holme be appal and show it . sir thomas we be young . it be before we fully understand the power we be deal with . holme evidently . sir thomas death follow he wherever he go , from he birth to arm he make and sell . what family he have tend to ... not survive . no one could prove anything of course , but we all know -- Sir Thomas hand holme a tintype . a photograph from the 1860s . it 's chill : a death scene , a body cover by a sheet . a man who 's just fall out a window . a ten - year -old boy -- young Lord blackwood -- look on . sir thomas the boy be a curse . I do not have the courage either to take he in or to -- ( continued ) 59 . 72 continued : ( 4 ) 72 standish all this be history . the present and future be worse . sir thomas we have do we best to stop he ourselves , but it 's not enough . lord coward his power grow daily and exponentially . his resurrection be evidence of that . what he do next will be far more dangerous -- sir thomas -- he 's go to raise a force that will alter the very course of we world . we need you to find he and stop he before he do . lord coward we will give you any assistance we can . as Home Secretary , I have considerable influence over the police . ( beat ) name you price . holme look at coward with scathing disdain . holme one of the great benefit of my work be that I can pick and choose my client . I will get he , but not for you . holme stalk out -- stop at the door , turn , fix Sir Thomas with a very bleak gaze . holme I have one last question , Sir Thomas . sir thomas what be it ? holme hold up the tintype . holme if the rest of he family 's dead , why be you still alive ? holme toss the tintype onto a table , leave . 73 73 omitted 60 . 74 ext . the grand HOTEL 74 holme come out of a carriage , and scoot up the step of the massive hotel that 's bustling with people . 75 int . irene's HOTEL room - day 75 irene enter wear a stun evening dress . she pause glance briefly around the room before sit at a mirrore dress table . there 's a decanter on the table next to she from which she pour herself a glass of wine . then she begin remove a impressive assortment of weapon hide on she person : she pull a stiletto from she garter , a derringer from she waistband ( which she put down next to the wine glass ) . she pull long thin needle from she hair , let she hair down . as she continue ... pull back to reveal holme watch she from a shadowy corner . he look on silently until : irene if you be go to watch I take my clothes off , sherlock , the least you can do be help I with the button . or alt : irene to watch a lady undress without she permission be a criminal offense , sherlock , and could get you into a lot of trouble ... they both eye the derringer on the table . irene so why do not you come over here and help I instead . holme approach she somewhat tentatively and reach for the top button on the back of she dress . irene that 's better . holme you can stop look for reardon . irene I know I could count on you . ( continued ) 61 . 75 continued : 75 holme he be bury in blackwood 's tomb . irene be momentarily take aback then recover . irene wonderful . case close then . you service be no longer require . unbuttone do , holme step out to confront irene . holme I can not help wonder if you employer will be as content with this result ? you be uncharacteristically ill at ease in he presence . you hand be tremble , you gaze be avert . I could not see he face , but I spot chalk on he lapel . a professor perhaps ? irene get up , walk behind a dressing screen . irene ( behind screen ) the eye patch be a nice touch . holme but I have never know a professor to carry a gun , and on such a clever contraption . irene ( o.s. ) let 's not argue . holme we be not . irene step out , now wear a array of victorian undergarment . unfairly gorgeous . the huge diamond still around she neck . she move back to the dress table . holme will not look at she , refuse to get turn on . holme tell I who you be work for and what he 's after . irene that 's nobody 's business but my own . ( continued ) 61a . 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 holme I disagree . irene you see , we be argue . holme get closer and closer to irene as he press he case vehemently . holme when a man you ask I to find end up dead in the coffin of the most notorious murderer since Jack the ripper and that murderer manage to return from the dead , not only be it my business , it 's the business of Scotland yard and the high level of the british government . they will certainly consider you reticence to be a obstruction of justice . which in relation to a crime of this magnitude would certainly mean prison time . irene this wine be excellent . you should really try some . holme notice she derringer on the table next to the wine bottle . holme so what 's it to be ? irene do we really have to decide now ? irene reach for the wine . holme you be in over you head this time , irene . irene snatch up she gun . holme grab she arm . bang ! a bullet tear into he shoe , miss he toe . holme snatch away the smoking derringer . irene kiss he , hard and angry at first , become something else . another of the weapon in she arsenal , and the one that disarm holme . the kiss lead they to the bed . ( continued ) 62 . 75 continued : ( 3 ) 75 irene that 's better . irene pull he down to it . he do not resist . click ! holme ' eye flare with surprise . click ! irene much better . irene have handcuff he to the bed frame . irene this be the only way it could ever work between we , sherlock -- one in shackle , the other with the key . she get off he . while he struggle on the bed , irene walk casually across the room . she start put on man' clothing . she 's in charge now . irene I have never be in over my head . holme how can you live like this -- always a fugitive . she approach , now dress as a man , straddle he . irene but free . and on my own term . just like you -- well , not you at this exact moment -- ( continued ) 63 . 75 continued : ( 4 ) 75 she pull at the front of he trousers , throw the handcuff key down there . irene -- but generally speak . holme have no retort . irene take the scarf off he neck , move to the doorway . irene if anyone ask , please let they know that Mr. o'neil do not have time to check out . ( beat ) I hope you do not mind settling the bill . or alt : irene what be you do consort with a marry business traveller in he hotel room be something you will have to explain for yourself . she pick up two suitcase wait for she at the door ( new prop ! ) and , as she leave : irene where 's Watson when you need he ? 75a 75a omitted 76 int . sir thomas ' house - night 76 Sir Thomas enter the hall from outside , he look tired . his butler , perigrine , stand there wait for he . perigrine good evening , sir . some fig and honey with a nice glass of port ? I have prepare a tray . sir thomas no thank you , perigrine , I be go to bed . ( as he head upstairs ) you will not let that fig go to waste , will you ? ( continued ) 63a . 76 continued : 76 perigrine nor the port , sir . Thomas smile , go up . perigrine head for the kitchen , lick he lip . 77 int . sir thomas ' bathroom 77 Sir Thomas sink into he bath . relaxing . the camera slowly track in , drip , drip , drip . the silence be break all of a sudden when the tap be magically turn on . Sir Thomas open he eye in panic , as he hear a eerie whisper o.s. , like the rush of wind . Sir Thomas be overcome with panic , try to sit up . can not . not all the way . ( continued ) 64 . 77 continued : 77 blackwood ( o.s. ) hello , Father ... Thomas blink and see that blackwood now sit in the corner of the bathroom , light in a sinister fashion . Sir Thomas ' eye widen , the muscle stand out in he neck as he fight paralysis . he slide back down , slowly . blackwood you can not fight it . it come from a power great than yours . you can only surrender . the water flow over Sir Thomas , as blackwood step closer and take the sacred ring from he rigid finger . blackwood I have be imagine this moment for a long time ... the water close over he face . Sir Thomas stare up at blackwood , who watch he drow , slowly and surely . blackwood ... I must admit , it 's better than I think it would be . 78 78 int . the grand HOTEL - corridor - day carry a armful of laundry , a maid slip a pass -key into a lock and open the door ... ... to be confront by the snore form of holme , still handcuff to the bed . clothes in total disarray . her shriek wake he . he look down at himself and react with shock , then grim recognition set in . holme do not take this the wrong way , but might I borrow you hand ? 78a int . police carriage 78a holme sit beside a cop , and opposite constable clark . holme chambermaid be once such a liberal breed . besides , she misinterpreted my intention entirely . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . 78a continued : 78a holme ( cont 'd ) this be why I find this modern religious fervor so troubling , there be no latitude for misunderstanding . he look out the carriage window and see sign of a spiritualist gather . holme faith run riot over reason . constable clark well , it 's a good thing she be offended or we would never have find you . the inspector 's be over to Baker Street himself this morning . the coach stop . 78b 78b ext . sir thomas ' house - day holme step out of the coach , and be escort inside by constable Clark . 78c int . sir thomas ' bathroom 78c holme be brief by constable Clark as they enter . as constable Clark continue in , holme swivel away -- constable clark we have check everything . no sign of a break - in . the butler do not hear anything . the body be in the tub , eye wide open -- -- so that const . Clark end up talk to thin air . constable clark ( realize holme be not there ) -- only he ring be miss . he turn , puzzle , look for holme , find he right back at the doorway , in full virtuoso detective mode . right now , right here be where holme be at he very best -- this be , in fact , why he exist . holme be satisfied by what he see or find , continue into the bathroom , where a police officer stand over the tub and Sir Thomas ' body ( cover with a blanket ) . the tub have be drain . the kind of crime scene violation that holme can not get they to stop do . ( continued ) 65a . 78c continued : 78c holme why do you drain the water ? police officer out of common decency . holme ( incense ) crime be common , logic be rare . the decent thing to do be catch the killer , not provide comfort to the corpse . neither the officer nor Clark have a response . holme swivel , see a jar of bath salt on the table next to the chair blackwood sit in , lean over , scoops it up , open it , sniff it . holme hmm ... holme thrust the open jar under the Officer 's nose . holme what be that ? police officer ( smell ) uhhhh ... jasmine ? holme superb . I suspect this come from a larger cannister . it will either be in the pantry , high up where it 's warm and dry , or in a linen closet with a vent . and , constable , you could check the ground under the rear window for any footprint not you own . both cop hesitate -- holme be not they boss . holme data , data , data ! I can not make brick without clay ! the cop hurry away . now holme can really get down to work . this may mean he get on he belly for a floor 's - eye-view , it may mean he look down from a window sill . sometimes he hum or sing to himself . holme be happy . he glance around the room , see the chair where blackwood be perch , sit in it himself . ( continued ) 65b . 78c continued : ( 2 ) 78c his eye keep move , notice something on a wall . he step toward it , run he hand along a layer of dust . the dust have a line down it , as if the wall crack open . holme step to the sink , grab a handful of talcum powder and toss the powder against the wall , revealing : ( continued ) 66 . 78c continued : ( 3 ) 78c fingerprint on one of the panel . he push the panel , and the wall shift , open to reveal a secret room . holme enter -- 78d omitted 78d 78e int . sir thomas ' secret room 78e holme find a desk with a prayer table , and ancient text , spellbook , one book open to a picture of Alexander the great at the sphinx . he step toward -- a altar below the image of the sphinx . on the altar , four strange object : a strand of human hair , a cow 's bone , a large sharp fang , and a feather . holme pocket the altar item and a couple piece of paper , just as -- 78f 78f int . sir thomas ' bathroom -- const . Clark and the Officer return , the Officer proudly hugging a 5 lb. cannister of jasmine bath salt . they be startle by the secret room -- -- they be even more startle by the sight of holme kneel at the altar and sing to himself . as soon as they arrive , holme spring to he foot and walk out . maybe he continue sing between word . holme ( vis the secret room ) I have no idea what to make of that . ( vis the bath salt ) excellent work . 79 omitted 79 80 int . 221 baker ST . - holme ' apartment - day 80 holme walk up the stair and find Watson 's office door open . he be well into pack he thing . the office be full of box , the wall and shelf be very sparse . ( continued ) 66a . 80 continued : 80 holme do not forget the wallpaper . watson there be not any . holme figure of speech . holme step into the room . holme since this room be no longer in use , do you mind if I employ it ? watson be my guest . holme bring he in , boy . holme step aside . two / three policeman enter carry a large , heavy bag and unceremoniously dump it on Watson 's desktop . they unzip the bag , revealing the dead body of the thug from reordon 's lodging . ( continued ) 67 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 watson who be he ? holme my new roommate . he 's a inspiring conversationalist . ( alt : he have more humor than you . ) watson really . holme no , he 's you friend from reordon 's . he do not survive dredger landing on he . poor fellow . but there be some consolation in the knowledge that he can still be of service to he fellow man . Watson keep pack . holme analyze the body , start , of all place , with the outer elbow and forearm of he coat . holme grab various instrument and other item from Watson 's newly - pack box . frustrate , Watson snatch they back as quickly as holme take they out . ( continued ) 68 . 80 continued : ( 3 ) 80 holme elbow and arm stain with blood , but older than he own injury . plenty of it , layer on layer ... holme scrape at the layer of blood with he knife , examine it . holme though none of it human . Watson slow down slightly . he keep pack , try to resist the mystery , but it 's not easy . holme a butcher perhaps ...? what else ? holme cut a lock of the man 's hair , ignites it , study the color of the flame carefully . Watson wrinkle he nose at the smell . holme hm -- predominantly yellow flame , but with distinct green burst . sulfurous . he spend lot of time around industrial work and very little around a wash basin . holme use a curve nail file to scrape dirt from under the man 's fingernails , rub the evidence between he finger like a connoisseur . holme coal ... river silt ... Watson slow down further , struggle . holme that plus the river silt and industrial slag on he trousers put he squarely in ... a hang beat . and Watson finally crack , blurt out : watson nine elm . holme well do . now , you do not happen to pack the Lord 's Register of member ' interest , do you ? Watson pull it out of a box . ( continued ) 68a . 80 continued : ( 4 ) 80 holme see what blackwood admit to own . as Watson flip through it , holme pluck a few chord on he violin , think . Watson find the page . watson it 's endless , he 's have a hand in just about everything that 's not good for you . ( continued ) 69 . 80 continued : ( 5 ) 80 holme something brutal by the river ... watson woolwich arsenal ... limehouse Chemical ... queenshithe slaughterhouse , nine elm ! holme that 's it , Watson ! this should lead we right to blackwood . holme leap up and ready himself to leave . watson not we , you . this give holme pause . holme right . well uh ... best of luck with everything , then . watson same to you . a brief nod , then holme be go . a beat as Watson continue pack . he heave a box up , move for he suitcase . after a moment , he notice ... holme ' pistol . watson not again . he pick it up . as he contemplate the weapon , he become more serious . then angry . he mouth a curse to himself , and see they dog give he a disapprove look . watson yes , I know . do not give I that look , gladstone . he pocket the gun , grab he jacket and head out . 81-82 81-82 omitted 82a ext . courtyard - night 82a a figure move across the dark , gothic courtyard . it be ambassador standish . as he cut through the shadow ... ( continued ) 70 . 82a continued : 82a a few drop of rain trickle down . he look up , surprised by the rain . he raise he collar , and keep move . he hit the door to a building . it be lock . he bang on the door , as the rain come harder . the door finally open . as he enter , we see the rain stop behind he , go as fast as it come . a raven flap into the night . 82b int . temple of four order headquarters - night 82b standish come up the stair , wiping the raindrop off he coat , try to dry himself , as he enter -- 83 int . temple of four order headquarters - council chamber 83 a five-side room . a few dozen venerable - look character arrange themselves in seat . Lord coward stand next to a central throne . he stay stand as they all sit -- all except standish . standish what 's the meaning of this ? why do you call we here ? lord coward Sir Thomas be dead . effective immediately , I nominate Lord blackwood as head of the order . standish be you mad , coward ? have you any idea what he 's capable of ? blackwood ( o.s. ) of course he do . it 's why he 's here . blackwood enter . he look as if he 's be to hell , and come back more powerful than ever . the crowd be stunne . standish look at coward , betrayed , turn to the other -- who be transfix by the sight of blackwood suddenly kneel before they . blackwood I be humble . I be honore . ( beat ) my power and my asset -- munition , shipping , industry -- they be give to I for a purpose . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . 83 continued : 83 blackwood ( cont 'd ) a magnificent and simple purpose . a different future ... a future rule by we . blackwood stand , prowl . blackwood you have make policy in secret for century . now , you will make it openly . the man be beginning to like what they hear . blackwood the first act be a necessary one , for without death there can be no rebirth ... ( beat ) ... at noon tomorrow , we will take the first step towards a new chapter in history . ( beat ) England will know we power . then , the whole world will . across the Atlantic lie a colony that be once ours , and will be again . they civil war weaken they ; they government be as corrupt and ineffective as ours . we will take it from they . ( beat ) with they resource and we power , we will remake the world , we will create the future . ( beat ) be you with I ? standish no , sir , we be not ! ( turn to the other ) the power he 's play with be beyond any man 's control . blackwood they be limitless -- even death hold no sway . standish help I stop he before it 's too late . nobody move . blackwood smile -- he 's win . ( continued ) 71a . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 in desperation , standish pull a gun . but as he aim it at blackwood - blackwood I would not do that . -- he ignite , combust with a impossible blast of blinding hot flame ! the man in the room reel backwards , shocked , terrify . flame consume he , standish flail , crash through a window out to -- 83a ext . london STREET - night 83a the fireball plummet through the sky , lighting city block . people look up , gape , and -- whoompf ! standish land on the roof of a carriage . horse and carriage screech to a stop . the flame flicker blind white , as he body contort , melting away . people scream , gasp , faint , cross themselves , as they witness this unnatural act . 83b 83b int . temple of four order headquarters blackwood turn away from the window , survey they . they be terrify , but they be with he . ( continued ) 72 . 83b continued : 83b blackwood turn to coward , nod . coward produce a brim silver chalice . blackwood come , drink you allegiance here . the member line up to drink from a chalice . it do not taste good , but it taste like power . as they drink , blackwood lean close to coward : ( continued ) 73 . 83b continued : ( 2 ) 83b blackwood you control the police . use they . coward nod . 84 ext . queenshithe slaughterhouse - establishing - night 84 a industrial area on a bend of the Thames . work do not stop when the sun go down . wharve stretch out into the water . we see a boat be be load . we pull back from the scene and look across the water . just above the thump of industry we can hear a distinctive and irregular chugging sound . slowly a decrepit and eccentric little steam launch chug into view . holme be on the deck along with a much older man in a sailor 's hat -- captain tanner . holme everything all right , Captain tanner ? Captain tanner have few tooth and a large white beard . tanner just a little leak , nothing to worry about . Watson be busy with a bucket clear the boat of a very serious leak . he 's soak , and furious . tanner not a great one for the water , be you , doctor ? Army type , be not you ? you would not have last long in the navy . Watson glare . holme scan the bank with a telescope . he see a jetty with a few shadow shifting on it . the engine shudder off , the boat drift . tanner whisper : tanner that 's as far as we can go . holme start clamber over the side . Watson 's piss . watson there must be fifty yard of mud out there . holme ' head be just visible before he drop over the prow . he whisper at tanner . ( continued ) 74 . 84 continued : 84 holme pull in at vauxhall . send for the police when you get there . tanner nod . a soft " splosh " as holme disappear . Watson carefully leave he value possession behind , watch , etc . he lay down he wallet and look at tanner . watson I know precisely how much money be in there . tanner ( take the piss ) I be sure you do , doctor . Watson glare , go over the side , with he walk stick . 85 85 omitted 86 ext . queenshithe slaughterhouse 86 holme and Watson emerge out of the shallow , cover in mud . holme do not seem bother . Watson do . they look up and see a jetty that head out into the river . two shadowy thug guard the dock , while more thug be load the boat with something . holme and Watson scuttle forward , towards the entrance , where two more thug patrol . Watson pull out holme ' gun . holme what be you do with my gun ? watson oh , please . holme it be a honest mistake -- watson there be nothing honest about it . holme look back at Watson , take the gun , say nothing , the close he will come to a confession . Watson step forward . watson come on , let 's get this over with . ( continued ) 75 . 86 continued : 86 they look out at the thug guard the door . holme whisper , try to figure out the best strategy . holme the one on the leave seem more attentive , might prove easily distract . the big one 's be drink -- whether for courage or from habit ... Watson ? Watson have already leave . he simply walk up to the door and whacks the larger man in the face with the gun -- before dispatch the other with a backhand pistol - whip . holme follow , notice that both man have hip flask . he pick one up , take a whiff , and pocket it as he follow Watson . he slow , sense something behind he . he turn , look at shadow . nothing . and he enter -- 87 87 omitted 88 int . queenshithe slaughterhouse - tunnel 88 holme walk towards Watson who stand in the doorway , stop in he track , spook . holme catch up , pass Watson into -- 89 int . queenshithe slaughterhouse - antechamber 89 shadows on shadow . Metal groan softly , like a plaintive wail . the twisted blade of slaughterhouse instrument glimmer in the darkness . a few rat lay dead . a truly creepy scene . holme and Watson move through it . as they go , holme notice row of empty table . he run he finger through a layer of dust , inspect it . quiet : holme they clear something out of here , not minute ago ... holme slow , pick up one of the dead rat . he inspect it , see something on its skin , some kind of dark spore . watson ( o.s. ) holme . you need to see this . holme look up , and see Watson stand at a set of door . ( continued ) 76 . 89 continued : 89 holme pull out a cigar - cutter , clip off the rat 's tail , slip it into he pocket , as he join Watson , step into -- 90 int . queenshithe slaughterhouse - factory floor 90 a massive space with a maze of machinery full of deadly gear and blade and saw , lifeless and silent for now . a automated butchery on a grand scale . this be the kill floor . huge hook hang from chain belt on a I - beam , the ceiling , sway softly , whisper in the wind . on the high wall , a huge number have be scrawle : 118 . watson one-eighteen . it 's a date , a time ? holme shake he head , he eye narrow , tick . holme it 's chapter and verse . revelation 1:18 . ` I be he that liveth , and be dead . ' another voice complete the passage , echoing from above : blackwood ( o.s. ) ` and behold , I be alive forevermore , and have the key of hell and of death . amen . ' holme and Watson follow the voice to see : blackwood in the rafter . shadows hang heavy around he . holme and Watson react : this be the first time they have see he in the flesh . blackwood I caution you to accept that this be beyond you control . now you see the truth for yourself . the hook in the ceiling be shiver softly , strangely . holme tighten . blackwood continue , he voice echoe , as the hook move through the air , glide on a track . blackwood I want you to bear witness . at noon tomorrow , the world as you know it end . Watson pull he gun , draw a bead on blackwood , pull the trigger . click . misfire . ( continued ) 77 . 90 continued : 90 blackwood and because I appreciate you help , holme , I have a gift for you . holme start climb up towards blackwood . blackwood ( voice move away ) she follow you . you lead you little lamb straight to slaughter . suddenly the whole machine start up . industrial - strength loud , movement everywhere , empty hook jerk towards the processing line . blade and gear and grinder churn . Watson 's eye go from blackwood to -- a pig carcass as it come swinging out of the kill area , towards the scorcher ( which scorch the carcass with live flame ) . then next carcass emerge -- -- not a carcass , irene . she be alive , for now . she hang from two hook on a track - line , she wrist shackle above she , she mouth gag . her eye show terror until she see they , then immense relief for a moment , then determination . holme look up to see blackwood 's shadow retreate . decision time . 90a 90a int . queenshithe slaughterhouse - assembly line holme drop on to the machine and leap from gear to gear like step - stone . he heave himself up to the conveyor , where irene be be pull down the assembly line towards the flame . Watson sprint ahead , look for a shut - off switch . holme unty irene 's gag . holme it 's you turn in shackle this time . ahead of they , the pig carcass be scorched in a overwhelming burst of flame . holme and irene be next . ( continued ) 78 . 90a continued : 90a irene but this time no key , unfortunately . holme note that irene 's hand be shackle to separate hook . it 's go to take two action to free she . the flame machine gurgle ominously , gear up for the next blast . Watson see a lever ( please note , new prop ! ) that look promise , turn to head for it -- then he eye focus on a big canvas splatter cloth . holme I have be meaning to ask you something -- irene well , I be a captive audience . Watson rip down the splatter cloth , sprint to holme and irene , toss the cloth across the conveyor belt to holme -- -- who wrap they up in the thick cloth just before the flame hit they . the heat be excruciate -- but the cloth protect they . Watson watch anxiously as the scorched cloth drop away , revealing that holme and irene make it -- just . relieved , Watson head for the lever until " oh shit ! " he look ahead -- -- see the scorched pig carcass be drag into a long , conveyor - belt - wide scald tank of boiling water . decision time for Watson -- help holme and irene , or try the lever ? he go for the lever , reach it , push it all the way over -- -- and the belt speed up with a jerk . Watson haul back on the lever , get the belt back to the original speed , look around for another possible off switch . just as they reach the scalding tank , holme jump off the belt ( still opposite side to Watson ) , grab irene 's leg and pull she horizontal just before she 's drag into the boil water . ( continued ) 79 . 90a continued : ( 2 ) 90a she 's suspend just above the boil water , with holme move sideways , keep pace with she . irene ( try she best not to show the strain ) you have a question . holme keep hold of irene 's foot as he maneuver past various obstacle -- holme ( same ) ah. yes . do you still maintain you be not in over you head ? irene ( panting ) in some country steam be consider excellent therapy for the skin . -- then be gouge in the back by a whirling fan belt , jerk away , and irene touch the water , scream . Watson hear the scream , turn -- then see something again . it piss he off . fuck this machine . when holme have irene stable again : irene ( weakly ) I have to say -- it 's overrate . holme have to admire she courage -- until he hear Watson yell at he . up ahead a huge pipe spew boil water into the tank -- and impassable obstacle from holme ' side of the conveyor belt . Watson point at the I - beam run above they . holme nod . irene see it , too . holme help she reach one foot , then other up to the I - beam . she hook she foot over it , and be suspend upside down by she shackle and she foot -- -- and still head for the pipe spew boil water . Watson appear opposite holme , nod up at irene . she swing off the I - beam , through the air -- ( continued ) 80 . 90a continued : ( 3 ) 90a -- and Watson catch she foot , pull she horizontal , face the other way just in time to avoid the gush of boil water . as Watson hold irene , he spot a small , but significant - look switch on the wall , paint red . ( please note , new prop ! ) Watson help irene back onto the conveyor belt , leave she for holme to deal with , sprint for the switch . irene ride the belt upwards . holme clamber the equipment , follow she . up ahead , the scorched , scald pig carcass precede they . holme dart through a trimming station , with cleaver hanging from chain , grab one , jump onto the belt , catch up to irene -- -- just as they both see the pig carcass CUT in half lengthways by a giant bandsaw . holme waste no time , swing the meat cleaver at the lock shackle irene 's leave hand . spark fly as metal kiss metal , but that 's all . she 's still shackle . then both of they see that Watson have reach the switch . whew ! Watson look at they with relief -- close one -- and pull the switch down with a really satisfy clunk ! a bank of light go out but the conveyor belt keep move towards the giant band see . shit a brick . irene sherlock ? now , she 's show nerve . so be sherlock . he brace himself on the belt , swing the cleaver with all he might -- -- smashes the shackle lock . irene swing sideways violently , still shackle by she right hand . the bandsaw whine viciously . irene swing aside , just miss it . ( continued ) 80a . 90a continued : ( 4 ) 90a get a free haircut . then holme be under she , lift she high so that she can free she right hand ( a move not possible with both shackle ) . irene unhook herself , fall forward , take holme with she . they plummet downward out of frame . Watson sprint towards where they fall , look down -- -- see they lie on a carpet of scorched , boil , cut - in - half pig carcass . they be okay . Watson shake he head , turn , head for the door , look for blackwood . irene give holme a sweet , grateful smile -- irene thank you so much . I owe you . -- pull a knife , get up , head after Watson . holme grab she , stop she . holme you owe I information . ( angry ) no more game , irene . she hear Watson open the door to the dock . she look at holme , they eye lock . finally , the truth : irene blackwood 's manufacture large - scale weapon for year . lately there have be rumor of something new . more powerful than anything else . and ... magical . my job be to find out if the rumor be true . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . 90a continued : ( 5 ) 90a irene ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I would say they be . and she 's off , run toward the door . holme trail she , processing . they blast through the door to -- 91 ext . nine elm jetty 91 Watson run out of door and towards the end of the dock . he see : blackwood and the boat be disappear into the darkness . holme and irene run out of the door follow Watson . holme slow , look around the dock , see something on the plank : steel drum be drip . a chemical . holme recognize it . holme Watson ! Watson continue down the dock , trip a wire connect to the steel drum , he turn realize he have set off a trap and turn back to warn the other -- watson holme ... a metallic conductor SPARKS . time slow . boom ! the drum of chemical all explode ! a blind conflagration engulf Watson . for a moment , it light up all of London . holme waatttsssssonnn !!!! holme be push back by the explosion as the rest of the barrel that line the dock begin explode arond they -- it look as it Watson have not survive . boom ! irene be knock to the ground by the blast and fly debris . holme race towards she as more explosion , flame and debris fly all around he in slow motion , occasionally knock he to the ground . he reach irene , pick she up and grab part of a explode barrel to shield the two as they run for cover -- boom ! the barrel splinter as a final blast knock they down , but to safety . as he open he eye -- ( continued ) 82 . 91 continued : 91 we see lestrade and he man swarm the scene , they spot Watson , alive , but unconscious . irene have disappear . holme see this and head toward he friend , but -- -- be intercept by constable Clark . constable clark there 's a order for you arrest all the way from the top , sir -- so you will have to hit I now . holme from Lord coward ? constable clark yes , sir , so make it look good . holme thank you , clarky . holme crack constable Clark in the sweet spot , help he gently to he knee . holme turn away , make he escape fast . holme turn back to look at the explosion . 92 92 int . hospital - corridor two policemen half - heartedly guard the end of a corridor . one read the paper . the headline : " american ambassador standish burned alive ! " Mary return past they , have unsuccessfully wash away tear-stain makeup ; there be a smear on she cheek . the two copper nod respectfully . Mary arrive at the window door of a private room , reach for the handle , pause . through the glass , she see a white - coat doctor , study Watson 's chart . Mary stay at the door , unsure whether to enter or not . 93 int . hospital room 93 we see a newspaper on the nightstand next to a hospital bed , the headline read : " american ambassador standish burned alive ! " ( continued ) 82a . 93 continued : 93 Watson be burn , cut , bruise , scrape , pock -mark with shrapnel . he mumble inaudibly , he eye still close . he 's delirious , sweat . ( continued ) 83 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 ( note : Mary 's detective novel and magazine , coat , handbag , etc. already in the room . ) the doctor inject Watson in the arm . the shot wake he . Watson try to sit up , wince with pain . watson what be you administer ? doctor morphia . a sixth of a grain , for the pain . Watson look at he wounded shoulder . doctor there be four piece of shrapnel . the surgeon should be along shortly . Watson try to sit up again . this reveal that Mary have enter the room , stand back respectfully , let the Doctor do he work . watson be they subcutaneous , or deeper ? doctor they be near the carotid artery . watson get a mirror , I will extract they myself . doctor I can not authorize that , Doctor . we must first manage the pain and combat the infection . watson I have not time for that . my friend be in dire -- doctor you friend ? what kind of friend take a retire soldier , who 's serve he country and deserve a peaceful , private life , and put he so directly in harm 's -- Watson grab the Doctor 's arm angrily . ( continued ) 83a . 93 continued : ( 3 ) 93 watson the best and wisest man I have ever know . doctor but evidently not wise enough to value you life over he misadventure . on mary as she take a closer , sharper look at the Doctor . watson ( succumb to the morphine ) it be worth a wound , worth many wound ... Mary step towards the Doctor , eye flash . mary Excuse I -- doctor ( leave ) I have other ... patient . mary do you really ? Doctor . the Doctor turn just outside the door , to face she . she 's suddenly very angry . mary you have nothing more to say to I ? doctor um ... I will check in on he again shortly . mary be that the best you can do ? I be disappointed , but not surprised . the Doctor have no word . mary if anything happen to he , both we life be lose . do you understand that ? can you ? -- ( continued ) 83b . 93 continued : ( 4 ) 93 the Doctor can not face she anger any longer , turn , leave fast . mary -- or be you so selfish that 's just not possible . 84 . 93a/93b omitted 93a/93b 84a . 94 int . hospital - corridor 94 the doctor stride down the corridor past the policeman . 85 . 94a ext . london - night 94a establishing shot of London , possibly the bustle of fleet Street during the morning rush hour . a train cross on a overhead railway . we push in under the railway arch until we can make out a splash of white in the shadow -- the Doctor from the hospital be slump down against the wall . we push in all the way , so that we can see that the Doctor be actually holme . there be something grotesque about he face , he have not completely remove he disguise . part of it hang down , obscure he -- -- but not obscure the light of instability in he eye . they begin to overflow with tear . he brushes they away then look at he wet hand , horrify . 94b-94e omitted 94b-94e 95 int . punch BOWL pub - attic 95 holme enter , disturb , pain . emotion swirl . he pull out a newspaper with the story of standish 's death , the page and strange sacrificial offering ( bone , hair , feather , fang ) from Sir Thomas ' house . gather himself , holme stand in the middle of the bare room and start to lay out the clue he have on the floor . the ox bone directly in front of he ( at 12 o'clock ) . the eagle feather to he right ( at 3 o'clock ) . the human hair behind he ( at 6 o' clock ) and the lion 's fang to he leave ( at 9 o'clock ) . then with a piece of charcoal holme draw a circle around each image and a circle directly in the center of the four other circle . he then draw line which join the circle together in the shape of a cross . in the center circle he draw a pentagram ( use wax from a burn candle ? ) . then he pour a ring of salt around that circle . he light four candle ( one at each point of the cross ) then stand in the center of the circle . he pull a pocket knife from he coat , open the blade , cut he thumb and allow the drop of blood to drip onto the ground just outside the circle . ( continued ) 85a . 95 continued : 95 then he begin to chant . the word be eerily reminiscent of blackwood 's chant . suddenly one of the drop of blood burst into flame in mid-air -- as it hit the ground , the circle around holme ignites , follow by a larger circle beyond that . blackwood ( o.s. ) and now it dawns on you , you begin to recognize you part in he play . holme snap around , blackwood have appear behind he within the outer circle of flame . blackwood you see the path he choose for you . holme sway , fuzzy . he struggle to focus on blackwood . ( continued ) 86 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 blackwood do not you wonder why it be so easy to catch I ? I tell you I need five life for my resurrection . why would I take a sixth under St. Paul 's ? holme shake he head , he can barely see straight . blackwood unless I simply want to be catch by the great sherlock holme ... blackwood raise a sacrificial sword and swing at holme ' head . blackwood ... so I could die on the biggest stage of all . you make I what I be . we see -- holme ' Pov as blackwood swing the sacrificial sword at holme ' head . it look as if holme have no time to react -- whoosh -- the sword wipe the frame -- 96 omitted 96 97 int . punch BOWL pub - attic 97 we see a series of quick cut , have blackwood kill holme , or be he hallucinate , catch in the spell he conjure ? CUT to : a closeup of holme his face cover with earth -- just as we see reordon in he coffin . holme ' eye snap open , he breathes in air -- as he come to life we see event of the recent past flash through he mind . blackwood's tomb . ( continued ) 87 . 97 continued : 97 the STUFF in reordon' room . the dead rat . CUT to : a closeup of holme his face submerge in water inside a copper bath tub -- just as we see Sir Thomas . holme ' eye snap open , he breathes in air -- the open confrontation in the catacomb . the object in sir thomas ' secret room . the pattern holme have drawn on the floor of the punch BOWL . CUT to : a closeup of holme his face engulf with flame -- just as we see standish . standish falling through the AIR crashing into the carriage . the sphinx . the raven flapping its wing . CUT to : holme write and sweat on the bed in the attic . holme see a hazy image of irene . she lean over he smile sweetly then wrap she hand around he neck and start to strangle he . irene saying " where' watson when you need he ? " blackwood in the room again within the flame circle . we see watson turn to warn holme before exploding -- holme !!!! fade out . 87a . fade in : 98 int . punch BOWL pub - attic 98 the sun be rise . holme ' eye open and we see : watson -- or some deathly version of he old friend -- be sit in the chair where blackwood appear . holme ( confuse ) Watson ...? Watson lean closer , into the light . a ghost or a man ? he gesture towards the diagram on the floor . watson interesting artwork . you look bloody awful . he write something in he notebook . he be decidedly alive , but with burn flash , cut and bruise . his arm be in a sling . he 's be through it . in the b.g. irene be at the fire heating some coffee . holme what about the shrapnel in you arm ? Watson show he a piece of shrapnel -- watson take it out myself . Mary say I have a lousy doctor . -- then toss it away . they both smile . United in agony . holme ( quietly , between they ) she bring you here ? watson yes , oddly , it seem she might understand the power of partnership . they both look back over to irene who just finish load she gun . the coffee seem ready so she pour a cup . ( continued ) 88 . 98 continued : 98 holme the fair sex be always you department , Watson . irene walk over and hand holme the cup . holme thank you . you know , I dreamt that you be strangling I . irene I be ... I have to get you to pass out to settle down . they smile at they unique , twisted understanding of one another . holme what time be it ? watson it 's half past nine . holme take a drink of coffee . holme excellent brew , but I believe my head require something a bit stronger to clear the -- watson I bring you this ... holme exactly . ( continued ) 89 . 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 he hand holme he violin . holme take it . 99 int . punch BOWL pub 99 Watson and irene sit at a table , the screech of a fiddle now come from upstairs . the fiddler 's owner -- from the pub 's band -- be busy get drunk with the money he have acquire . irene arrive with two pint , put one down in front of he , sit opposite he with the other . Watson look from irene to the pint with open suspicion . could it be poison ? he would not put it past she . but then he decide that 's absurd . he take a sip . irene oh , I poison that one . watson with you own venom no doubt . irene better a snake than a lap dog . watson there 's a new field in the treatment of abnormal personality -- it 's call psychology . it appear you be what 's consider a para-neurotic deviant with anti-social proclivity . quite severe . and untreatable . irene no , doctor , I be simply a woman . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 89a . 99 continued : 99 irene ( cont 'd ) understand that , and you will have a happy marriage . alternate dialogue : irene ( alternate dialogue ) not quite , doctor . let I make it simple for you , with a lot fewer word -- I be what 's call a woman . ( beat ) understand that , and you will have a happy marriage . 100 int . punch BOWL pub - attic - on holme 100 as he play the violin , but not with a bow . he pluck it , he strum it , he make strange atonal sound , as he stare at the ritual pattern he 's laid out on the floor . flashes to various image of the sphinx that he 's observe over the course of the investigation . he stand up and draw a sphinx in charcoal on the floor . then he move to the ox bone -- a flash of Sir Thomas ' ring with the ox crest . he draw a ox in charcoal . next to the ox bone holme write -- Sir Thomas -- ox ring . next , he move to the feather -- a flash to a Eagle in flight -- he quickly sketches a eagle . then to a american flag , then to standish with he eagle - top cane . next to the feather he write America . then he move to the hair . he draw a man 's face . flash to reordon 's red hair . next to it holme write man . then he move to a lion fang . he sketches out a lion -- he think -- but no flash . next to it he write a big question mark . where ? who ? holme return to he violin . stare at the lion fang as if willing the flash to come . 101 101 int . punch BOWL pub the music stop . irene and Watson notice the silence . they swap a glance . a beat . and holme emerge . holme I need a map of London . 90 . 102 int . punch BOWL pub - attic 102 holme be excited , electric . holme now that you be sit comfortably , I shall begin . my initial approach be far too narrow . when blackwood invite I to pentonville prison , he suggest I widen my gaze and , at minimum , I have do just that . in fact , I may well have reconcile thousand of year of theological disparity . but that 's for another time . blackwood 's method be base on a ritualistic mystical system that have be employ by the Temple of the four order for century . to fully understand this system , to get inside it , I re-enacted the ceremony we interrupt in the crypt ... with a few enhancement of my own . watson at minimum . Watson and irene shoot holme know look . holme my journey take I somewhat further down the rabbit hole than I have intend . irene yes , you little white tail get rather dirty . holme but I have emerge enlighten ... the fraternity who silently control the Empire , share the belief with the king , pharoah , and emperor of old that the sphinx be a door to another dimension , a gateway to immeasurable power -- he toss Watson the page from Sir Thomas . holme it be make up of four part : the ox , the lion , the Eagle , and man -- ( continued ) 90a . 102 continued : 102 he point out the individual part of the sphinx , cover other part with he hand . we see the ox body , lion paw , Eagle wing , man 's face . holme in Sir Thomas ' secret chamber I find the bone of a ox , the tooth of a lion , the feather of a eagle , the hair of a man . map ! Watson throw the map down on the floor , really fly now . holme now , it be a widely hold belief that within the architecture of the great city be code reference to this system . he run he finger over the map trace the shape of a cross ... then he pick up the charcoal and ( follow the map ) draw a serpentine curve of the River Thames straight through the middle of the cross that he draw on the floor . holme since he rise from the grave , blackwood have kill three man . each murder be commit at a location that have a direct connection with the Temple , therefore the system . ( beat ) reordon , the ginger midget , represent man . we find he body here ... he point to a spot on the map south of the Thames . it correspond to the point on the cross that holme draw that have the hair ( 6 o'clock ) . holme then Sir Thomas , master of the Temple , wear the ox ring ... he die here ... again the spot holme point be directly north of the river and correspond to the point on the cross that have the ox bone ( 12 o'clock ) . ( continued ) 90b . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 holme standish be ambassador to America , where the Eagle have be the national emblem for over a hundred year -- and not by coincidence . holme point to the map . holme the headquarters of Temple of the four order where he die be here ... he point to corresponding point on the map and on the cross . watson man , ox , Eagle ... he connect the dot on the map . they form three point of a cross . watson and last on the list : the lion . holme scribbles on a piece of paper . Watson and irene step closer look at the lion 's fang and then the map ... holme correspondingly , the map will tell we the location of blackwood 's final act . right here . they eye widen as they realize what they be see . watson parliament . irene what be the meaning of this circle ? irene indicate the fifth circle holme have draw -- the point at which the other four come together . they look to where it would correspond to on the map -- right in the middle of the river . holme it be the fifth element -- the ethereal . that which can not yet be know . ( continued ) 91 . 102 continued : ( 3 ) 102 watson it 's right in the middle of the River Thames . boom ! they hear door slamm outside , boot echoing . irene look out the window , see police officer flooding the pub . irene Police . holme fold up he piece of paper , hand it to Watson . he quickly move to a hatch in the floor . fling it open . holme lady first . irene jump down . Watson be about to follow she down . holme follow this plan . Watson go down . it look as though holme be about to join they when lestrade and he man burst into the room . holme kick the hatch close and step towards lestrade . 102a 102a int . punch BOWL pub - hall holme race down the hall toward the back door , but the door explode inward . Police fill the hall . holme look back , where more police block he path . he simply raise he arm , and they drag he away . 103 int . police carriage - mid -morning ( later ) 103 holme sit batter , cuffed and bruise , though we can see from he face that he spirit be unaffected by he physical state . tough -look cop sit either side of he , lestrade sit opposite , shaking he head -- he can not believe it 's come to this . he look at holme . 104 ext . house of parliament 104 pull back from a image of a golden lion on a banner . we be at the house of parliament . ( continued ) 92 . 104 continued : 104 the carriage pull up . crowd be gather outside , hawker and tourist , plenty of flag and enthusiasm . holme see the hand of big BEN , climb toward noon . 105 int . house of parliament 105 the place be a hive of activity , prepare for pomp and circumstance , at its ceremonial best . all of which be in stark contrast to the batter figure of holme , who be march through a series of door and checkpoint along the corridor of power by a angry - look lestrade . they come to a door . lestrade knock . 106 int . parliament - lord coward chamber 106 the door be open by Lord coward , who 's halfway through put on he official robe , and catch off guard by the sight of holme cuffed ( hand behind he ) and flanke by lestrade and man . lord coward lestrade ? lestrade begging you pardon , m'lord , I know it 's unorthodox , but Mr. holme have be make serious accusation about you and the order , sir . lestrade pull he lapel , revealing a temple of four order pin . holme oh , that solve the great mystery as to how you become inspector . lestrade punch holme . lord coward I have five minute before my next engagement , why do not you regale I with you storey of conspiracy . thank you , lestrade , if you could wait outside . lestrade leave and shut the door . ( continued ) 93 . 106 continued : 106 holme I be curious , coward , do you assist blackwood in all the murder or just the one I prevent ? very distinctive that hand - make shoe of yours , but the price of quality be the unique imprint they leave . coward walk towards he desk at one end of the room . holme go to warm himself by the fire at the other end . holme Nonetheless , I confess to be completely out - match . I could deduce very little from my investigation . coward turn away for a moment -- holme subtly kick a log from the fire , it start to smolder and fill the room with smoke . holme fortunately , there be nothing more stimulate than a case where everything go against you . how many member of parliament do you intend to murder at noon today ? ( beat ) man , ox , eagle , lion -- the lion be parliament , be not it ? Lord coward slow , look at holme in some astonishment . lord coward very clever . but it 's not murder , Mr. holme . it 's mercy . we be give the weak mass a strong shepherd . do not you see it 's for they own good ? smoke fill the room so that holme be conceal . coward pull a gun from the desk and move to the window . he open it to try and clear the smoke . holme no , but I do not care much what you think . I simply want to know the location of blackwood 's final ceremony , and now you have give it to I . lord coward I have tell you nothing . ( continued ) 94 . 106 continued : ( 2 ) 106 a pair of handcuffs , slide across the floor to coward 's foot . he look up and holme be nowhere to be find . coward quickly move across the room to lock the door . holme but you clothes say infinitely more than you ever hope . the mud smear on you boot from where you have be walk ... closeup on coward clothes that he 's change out of and discard in the corner of the room . we see a -- series of flashbacks coward 's heel walk through mud . holme ( v.o. ) a touch of red stock brick dust on you knee , from where you have be kneel ... coward 's knee drop to the ground . holme ( v.o. ) a small bandage on you thumb from where you have be vow ... coward perform a ritual . holme ( v.o. ) a faint aroma of excrement , from where you have be stand . coward , blackwood , and the Temple member perform a ritual around a pentagram in the sewer . the big ceremonial sword be prominent . lord coward ( v.o. ) it 's a shame you make a enemy out of blackwood , holme , you would have make a valuable ally . the power at we disposal be far great than you can imagine . holme ( v.o. ) you and blackwood laid the final touch to you ceremony in the sewer beneath parliament less than a hour ago . ( more ) ( continued ) 94a/94b . 106 continued : ( 3 ) 106 holme ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) both house meet today . the entire government will be present . lord coward how terrible be wisdom , holme , when it bring no profit to the wise . ( turn to holme ) we take power at noon . reveal holme sit in a chair behind coward . holme well there 's no time to waste then , be there ? coward spin around and shoot at holme . he miss . holme run towards the open window as coward fire another shot . with a single bound , holme leap out of the window coward open . coward run to the window and see holme diving toward the river Thames , plummeting down down down to -- 107 107 ext . thame - outside parliament splash ! holme dive into the river handcuff . he disappear for a moment then surface , look about in the water . a moment of concern until we hear the familiar " chug " of a struggle engine . ( continued ) 95 . 107 continued : 107 holme look in the water and see a rope trail on the surface . he grab it with he hand . and ... it pull he closer to the rickety boat of Captain tanner . Watson stand on the rear deck , pull holme in on the rope . irene be also present . when holme be level , Watson lean over and clip off he cuff use bolt cutter . clearly the whole escape have be plan . holme be pull up into the boat . tanner ( to Watson ) I tell you he would be come out the top window , soldier boy . no way he would be come over the terrace . Watson hand over the change from the engagement ring . tanner take it happily . watson how be lestrade ? holme perform he role perfectly . a little too perfectly , come to think of it . Watson have the paper that holme give he in the attic . watson well , you instruction be fairly precise ... about everything except the window . tanner smile , still pleased with himself . irene where to , sherlock ? holme point to a dark recess in the embankment . holme Port side , Captain tanner , into the sewer . tanner turn the boat . irene look out , she eye narrow . holme Watson , do you bring my clothes ? Watson hand over a pile of clothes and holme ' pistol . holme open the drum , check the load , grimace , pocket it . he 's never go to like gun . ( continued ) 96 . 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 then holme reach inside a pocket of clothes he be still wear , and pull out the hip flask that he take from the man at the slaughterhouse . he take a shot . irene start early , be not we ? he offer the flask to she . holme trust I , have a drink . she can see this be more than a social invitation , she take a hit , pull a face . holme nod towards Watson , irene pass he the bottle . he drink , grimace , hand it on to tanner , who swallow it without flinching , wipe he mouth , smile . the boat be almost at the sewer . watson what be we do in the sewer ? holme patience , Doctor . I be about to show you ... as they head toward the sewer , holme glance up toward Big Ben , the time move toward noon . 107a 107a ext . house of parliament - day expensive carriage fill the courtyard . the entire government be here . we see familiar face from the Temple of four order , head into this epic building . 108-109 omitted 108-109 110 int . sewer - boat 110 tanner 's boat , unlit , float at the open to the tunnel , on the edge of the darkness . tanner Far as I can go . holme and Watson leap off the boat into the mouth of the sewer . irene follow . ( Watson have he sword stick and a gun , holme have change into the clothes Watson bring for he . ) they move through the shadowy sewer tunnel , work they way around corner and through junction back under the house of parliament . ( continued ) 97 . 110 continued : 110 holme duck around a corner , stop . irene and Watson flank he , stand in shadow . they look down a long tunnel to : the area where coward and blackwood be see in the flashback ceremony with the sword . but now : blackwood 's thug patrol the area . in the center , the pentagram remain . but there be something sit in it , a futuristic device : holme behold , blackwood 's magic . a black glass cylinder be house in a metal cradle with electrode on either side . it sit below a shattered ceiling , brick dismantle , expose a ventilation pipe . holme look back at Watson and irene . quiet : holme a chemical weapon . the first of its kind . cyanide , to be precise . watson you can tell that from here ? holme no . I can tell it from here . he pull something out of he pocket : the rat tail . holme I snipped this off a rather recumbent rat at the slaughterhouse . note the blue discoloration , the faint smell of bitter almond . tell - tale sign of cyanide . he point at the device and the expose shaft over it . holme that shaft lead directly to parliament . when activate , that electrode on either side will send a charge convert the cyanide powder into a gas . irene all of the people inside that building -- watson will be dead at the strike of noon . ( continued ) 98 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 holme as if by magic . there will be no one leave to stop blackwood and he follower from assume control . the camera move through the shattered ceiling , up a channel , down a bend , all the way through a grate to -- 110a int . parliament - day 110 a Air blow up through the grate . the chamber be now full of lord and senior royal . as they start to take seat , Lord coward step up , check the crowd . he see a shadow up in the lord ' Gallery . 111 111 omitted 112 int . sewer - day 112 holme check he watch . holme Seven minute to twelve ... they nod . shoulder - to-shoulder , they move down the tunnel , faster and faster . irene trail they closely . Watson slide he sword stick into a loop on he belt . it 's there when he need it , out of the way otherwise . they draw they gun . they burst into the area , completely surprising the three thug . Watson pistol - whip the nearest . holme front- kick the next . the third thug look down the barrel of both they gun before he have a chance to fight or flee . holme I would not . he do not . irene come in behind they and head straight for the device . watson I will keep this under wrap . ( continued ) 99 . 112 continued : 112 holme take this . holme hand Watson he gun . gun in each hand , Watson herd the three thug away from the device . watson over there . sullen , but without much resistance , they move away ( two drag the pistol - whipped one , who be out ) . Watson turn so that he can watch the action at the device -- -- which put he back to another tunnel . holme join irene at the device . she grip she knife , look for a way to detach the cylinder from the cradle ( where electric coil and circuit pulse ) . irene I have never see anything like it . holme there 's never be anything like it . a totally wire - free weapon . he must have some kind of remote device send a signal to the receiver . really quite -- she reach out with she knife and ... zap ! her blade hit a coil , spark flash . electrocuted , she drop the knife , which fall into the cradle , surround by hum , sparking coil . irene recoil , see something past holme -- rack past holme to watson -- where dredger loom out of the dark behind he , both hand hold high to grab the gun and smash Watson . before irene can alert he , Watson 's wrist be crush from behind . dredger jerk Watson 's arm sideways , send both gun spin away -- -- holme 's gun splashes into the sewer . dredger spin Watson around , head - butt he with a tooth - rattling blow , fling Watson away like a discard paper cup . now unguard , the two conscious thug charge holme and irene . ( continued ) 100 . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 irene shoot one point blank with she derringer , holme crush the other 's larynx . holme ( to irene ) keep at it . holme go for dredger . 113 int . parliament - day 113 lord and royal sit in this august hall , wait for the session to begin . coward look up , and point , very emphatically . lord coward look . all eye rise to see : blackwood , up in the lord ' Gallery . the hall go silent , stare at a ghost . blackwood be calm , commanding . voice rise ; blackwood 's follower move to block the door as -- bong ! the first chime of noon from Big Ben . 114 114 int . sewer - day the chime echoe . dredger charge towards the device and irene . holme fly into he foot - first , deflect he for a moment . it be now clear that dredger 's sole purpose be to protect the device . irene sit at the device , try to figure out how to defuse it . bong ! the second chime resound . dredger grab holme , thrust he upwards against the sewer roof , simultaneously strangling he and hammer he against the brick hard enough to dislodge some . holme lash out with he foot at dredger -- who do not even bother to block anything . holme ' kick lose steam as he lose air . bong ! ( continued ) 101 . 114 continued : 114 irene ( without look up ) nine stroke leave . dredger grin -- -- until he be earhol from behind by two brick , swing with full force by Watson . dredger drop holme , stagger back hold he bleed ear . holme head back to irene . Watson draw the sword from he sword stick . deadly enough , but not very big . watson you owe I for the ring . dredger back off , as if scared of the sword -- but only until he can reach up and pull blackwood 's ceremonial sword down off a brick ledge . this be go to be more uneven than usual . bong ! as Watson parry dredger 's massive slashes and thrust all around they , only just keep dredger at bay -- -- holme see that the cylinder be weld onto the cradle by two rod . his eye narrow , a plan form . holme give I you gun . the bullet , I need the bullet . bong ! the clock be tick down . irene pop open she derringer , slide the bullet into holme ' hand . he chop open the bullet casing with he knife , pour the gunpowder into -- -- the bowl of he pipe . bong ! Watson duck a whoosh cut , lunge with he little sword , stick it into the meat of dredger 's bicep . dredger grunt angrily , flexe he bicep , rip the sword out of Watson 's grasp with he muscle , then he pull it out , snap the blade against the wall like a twig , and move in to cut Watson in two with the ceremonial sword from head to toe . Watson dive desperately , get a haircut from the sword -- ( continued ) 102 . 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 -- which shatter against the floor . while Watson be down , dredger punt he into the sewer with a splash , then turn back to the device . bong ! 114a omitted 114a 115 int . house of lord 115 blackwood have light four small red candle , place they on the balustrade in front of he . he calmly intone a familiar chant . lord be on they foot . Guards be bang outside the door , but the door be lock . member of the Temple of four order stand in front of anyone go to open they . 116 116 int . sewer tunnel - day holme rip the stem off he pipe , place the open end of the bowl against the bolt hold the cylinder in place . shape charge , victorian -style . holme we need a light , a match -- irene 's eye narrow , see something in the cradle : she knife . she roll up a sleeve . irene get it ... which be when a blood - madden dredger thunder into they both , arm wide , drive holme and irene away from the device -- -- hammer they into the wall with a mighty thud . then he brace he massive foot , angle he huge leg and push , squeeze they against the wall like a human vice . that 's the extent of dredger 's plan , and it will work for long enough because -- bong ! irene ( breath crush out of she ) Three . ( continued ) 103 . 116 continued : 116 on the device as it goe active the battery begin to fizz madly , cam turn , gear ratchet past each other . bad news . watson ( o.s. ) hey ! dredger turn he head so that he can see Watson , on he belly , crawle from the sewer -- where he find holme ' gun . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! four white phosphorous tracers strobe through the sewer , stitch a line down dredger 's back ( aim so as not to hit holme or irene on the through - and - through ) -- -- and continue to burn inside dredger . he lurch away , eye bulg , mouth wide with a silent scream . bong ! irene two ! holme and irene stagger for the device . fizzle , boil inside , the die giant fall like a tree . Watson be face - down on the stone , still . the gun fall out of he limp hand . irene swipe she hand down into the cradle , just barely avoid the spark and coil , snatching she blade , and ... zap ! a spark hit the blade , and she angle the blade , redirecting the spark toward -- holme ' pipe , which blows with a vicious crack ! the shape charge shear the steel rod . holme and irene reach for the cylinder . bong ! 116a 116a omitted 117 int . house of lord - day 117 blackwood stand on balcony look down at the assemble lord . ( continued ) 104 . 117 continued : 117 blackwood you seem surprised . do you really take I for a man who could be dispatch like a truculent servant ? I see before I a conspiracy of arrogant old man puffed up by the illusion of they own vainglory . in you hand this once great parliament have become nothing more than a drunken satyr , stumbling about the world 's stage seek nothing more than to satiate you own lust and gluttony ; you britches stain by the incontinence of you hypocrisy . I will not sit idly by and watch you violate the innocence of the public trust as you drag this great Empire into the quagmire that you pride have dig and fill with the excrement of you corruption . I be here to change all this . he raise he hand and trace a circle in the air . a circle of flame erupt on the opposite wall . blackwood I be the fourth horseman . he raise he hand and trace a triangle in the air . a triangle of flame erupt on the opposite wall . blackwood I be the pale rider . he raise he hand and trace a second triangle in the air . the second triangle of flame erupt on the opposite wall to complete the pentagram within the circle . blackwood and my name to you be death . 117a 117a int . sewer tunnel - day zzzzp ! the electrical charge zap through the device , electrode sizzle , send blind spark through the cradle . holme and irene rip the cylinder out of the way just as ... the spark collide in a blind flash and ... 104a . 117b ext . big BEN - day 117b bong ! the clock strike twelve . 117c int . parliament 117c the man wait for something mythic , magical . and ... nothing happen . nothing at all . they look around . everyone be still stand . coward look confuse , scared . other Temple member eye he . blackwood hit the remote again . but again , nothing happen . we see something new in he eye : fear . he duck away fast , disappear into the gallery . 117d 117d omitted 118 int . sewer junction - day 118 holme and irene look each other in the eye . for the first time , neither know what to say . irene that be something new for we . holme yes ... it be . she look past holme . irene Watson -- ( continued ) 105 . 118 continued : 118 holme whip around -- see Watson , seemingly dead . he go to he , drop to he knee next to Watson , feel for a pulse . with he face still press to the stone : watson I be pretty sure I hear the last chime . holme look down at he friend , relieved . holme yes , we make it . just . Watson roll over , sit up . he 's do , have enough . holme come on , you have get to admit , you be go to miss this . watson which part ? the stench of the sewer or the break bone ? ( beat ) my ankle 's do . Watson look around . watson where 's irene ? holme turn , look . the cylinder be go , and so be irene . his face darken . he misread she yet again . watson holme , I be sorry ... holme see irene 's lithe shadow move fast into a maze of tunnel . he motion to the disabled device . holme make sure lestrade keep it intact . Watson nod . he watch holme sprint into the darkness , face grim . 118a 118a int . house of parliament - day blackwood flash downward through the ornate official understory of the house , head for a staircase spiralling even further down . 106 . 118b int . sewer tunnel - day 118b irene hear holme ' angry footstep behind she , turn , see a flash of movement through the labyrinth of tunnel and column . she pick up speed . CUT to : angle from the side blackwood enter the maze of tunnel , hear , then see irene sprint across the maze , about 500 yard away . then holme . blackwood follow they . see something on the ground ahead -- pause . it 's watson' sword stick , flung there from the previous action with dredger . blackwood scoops it up . 118c 118c int . single sewer tunnel - day pant , irene run along a tunnel that step lower -- -- and pinch tighter . a large-diameter water pipe angle down the tunnel wall , force irene to turn sideways to continue . the sound of holme ' footstep drive she forward . and then the tunnel end . the water pipe break off jaggedly in mid-air , next to irene 's head . the continuation of the pipe pass through solid brick at the end of the tunnel -- a dark , claustrophobic gamble . irene hesitates for a moment , then slither into the pipe , into the unknown . 118d int . pipe - day 118d the pipe angle down , damp , horrible . for a long moment it be pitch black , pinch down . irene 's quick , anxious breath the only point of reference . this be as tight , subterranean , dark and nightmarishly claustrophobic as it get . then , almost imperceptibly , light . we can make out irene 's determine profile . Light increase , and so do irene 's rate of movement . 107 . 118e int . cellar - day 118e the pipe emerge from the brick wall in what look to be the cellar of a building . stonework fairly new . dim daylight from a unseen open show a fix ladder head upwards . irene accelerate for it . 118f int . pipe - day 118f holme grimace , enter the pipe , shimmy toward we . a even tighter fit for he . 118g int . cellar - on the ladder - day 118g irene -- climb with one hand , cylinder in the other -- reach a iron grate , have to use all she strength to shoulder it aside . as fit and athletic as she be , this be a grind . 118h 118h int . hollow build - day irene emerge at the base of a dark , hollow building full of construction equipment , and see , yes -- -- more stair , upward . the only ready way out . gritting she tooth , chest heaving , irene charge the stair -- 118i int . cellar - day 118i -- just as holme pop out of the pipe , vault onto the fix ladder and swarm up it . anger lend he energy . 118j int . hollow build - day 118j in a series of time jump marked by increasing exhaustion : irene finally make it to a floor in the building that be flood with sky- bright daylight . she surge for light -- a brick - frame window -- and -- smash CUT to : 108 . 118k ext . tower bridge - helicopter shot - reverse angle - 118k day of irene at the top of tower bridge . she 's climb up the inside of the Tower . she 's 250 foot above the Thames . we have go straight from maximum claustrophobia to maximum knee - buckle exposure . pull back and sweep into a massive , near 360 - degree helicopter shot that start with irene at the ( unfinish ) window -- -- then show the skeletal bridge span tenuously with scaffold -- -- then the glory of London , the center of the world , laid out for we in breathtaking , spectacular beauty -- -- and return to irene as , recover somewhat -- she dart onto the walkway scaffold that cross above the Thames . 119-119g omitted 119-119g 119h ext . tower bridge - walkway - day 119h irene work she way through the construction debris on the bridge . she make it to the end , no further to go . sherlock woman ! sherlock appear behind she , wind . sherlock it 's bad manners to leave without at least say `goodbye . ' irene turn . irene Goodbye ! he start to move towards she . she whip out she gun . irene you of all people know I will pull this trigger . they circle around each other . ( continued ) 109 . 119h continued : 119h irene I would tell you I be sorry , that I wish thing could be different but you would not believe I anyway . holme why hurry off , give it a try . he move in again . she shoot he in the arm . and in that split second -- blackwood drop down from behind irene , hit she with watson' sword stick . she drop , stunne . as she fall , blackwood pluck the cylinder out of she hand , and kick she gun away . her gun go fly off the side of the bridge . but irene do not pause : she swing she leg through the air , try to take out blackwood 's knee . but he swipe she leg away , and kick down and -- irene fall off the bridge . blackwood you be better off without she , holme ! High above : a raven land . ( continued ) 110 . 119h continued : ( 2 ) 119h ext . tower bridge - walkway - day a look between they and then it 's on . holme grab a short section of wooden batten out of the railing . flimsy , no match for the sword -- -- which be immediately apparent as blackwood come in , slashes , chop six inch off the batten . blackwood I plan to kill a handful of senile old man to make this empire strong ... but now because of you thousand be go to die . holme be on the defensive throughout , but , as before , he target be the cylinder first , blackwood second , self defense third . blackwood all I have to do be break this cylinder . the wind will do the rest . and you will be the first . the two man continue they swordfight : holme grab some rope hang from the scaffold above and swing off the bridge . blackwood step to the edge with he sword out , await holme . holme swing towards the blade and then push off the bridge once again to avoid it . holme swing back onto the bridge a few foot away from blackwood . he land , whip off he scarf and twirl it around blackwood 's arm , bind they together . they continue to spar , now bound . blackwood snarl , mount a frenzied attack , which holme simply try to survive . the two man finally part , with holme cast off towards the end of the bridge . blackwood smile . he grab holme ' gun ( which blackwood knock from irene 's hand earlier ) . blackwood fire at holme . holme quickly duck . the bullet miss he , but hit a bucket twirling above he head . a black liquid ( tar ) begin to pour out in a circle around he . holme turn , as if to flee ( not that there 's anywhere to go ) -- he eye lock on to something . he look back to blackwood . -- holme kick a huge scaffold plank , which fall -- -- whipping a coil of rope across the floor , hook blackwood around he ankle . ( continued ) 110a . 119h continued : ( 3 ) 119h blackwood be dragge down the walkway by the weight of the fall plank , pull toward the edge . holme grab the cylinder as blackwood pass . blackwood dig he finger into a gap , screeching to a painful halt . his finger be white from strain . holme remain cool . holme there be never any magic . only conjure trick . above holme : the raven start pecking at a rope . holme the simple involved pay people off , like the prison guard ... holme look over the edge of the walkway . he see the plank swinging dangerously in the storm . blackwood strain desperately to hold on . as holme step closer we intercut with relevant flashbacks . holme ( guard choke / payoff ) who pretend to be possess outside you cell . you reputation and you jailer ' fear do the rest . ( burial ground / lick rock ) other require more elaborate preparation , like the sandstone slab that cover you tomb . you have it break before you burial then put back together use a mild adhesive . a ancient egyptian recipe I believe -- a mixture of egg and honey . design to be wash away by the rain or eat by animal . ( bath / reordon flashback ) arranging for you father to drow in he own bathtub require more modern science . very clever of reordon to find a paralytic that be activate by the combination of copper and water and be therefore undetectable once the bath water be drain . ( more ) ( continued ) 110b . 119h continued : ( 4 ) 119h holme ( cont 'd ) that might have be quite challenging have he not also test it on some unfortunate amphibian . ( standish in rain / pull the trigger / wharf explosion ) the death of standish be a real mystery , until you use the same compound to blow up the wharf . a odorless , tasteless , flammable liquid -- yet it burn with a unusual pinkish hue . do standish mistake it for rain as he enter you Temple ? all it take be a spark . a simple rig bullet in he gun . ingenious . ( parliament / flask / ceremony , dev ice ) like all great performer you save you piece de resistance for the end . have it work , you follower in parliament would have watch unharme as they colleague be die around they . they do not know that you have give they the antidote -- at one of you ceremony I suspect . instead , they would have believe it be magic and that you harness the ultimate power . end flashbacks . ( continued ) 111 . 119h continued : ( 5 ) 119h blackwood struggle to hold on , he lose he grip for a second and be drag back toward the precipice . wind whip harder . holme do not notice : the raven 's rope snap , start a slow , subtle domino effect in b.g. : a bucket drop , hit a row of stand timber . the timber start to topple . ( note : each time one object strike another , we hear a faint musical note move up the same pentatonic scale that holme play earlier for he fly . ) holme you hate you father and the other member of the Temple of the four order for what they do to you . how satisfy it must have be to use they own system against they . in b.g. : we see the slow , inexorable domino continue to fall . the last timber fall over the edge , land on a rope . the rope yank down a crane , the crane swing , strike another crane ... blackwood cut I loose , holme ! blackwood 's eye be full of fear . holme thoughtfully look out at the angry storm , the atmosphere electric and dangerous . holme give the slight hint of a smile . holme you better hope that it 's nothing more than superstition as you perform all the ritual perfectly . holme look around at the gather storm . blackwood can hold on no longer . he scream as he release he grip and be tear down the walkway at breakneck speed . Quick as a snake , holme grab a workman 's ax place on the side and hurl it at he foot , cut the rope . blackwood 's imminent death be bring suddenly to a halt . the storm grow in ferocity . holme bend down , blackwood be on he knee , cow . ( continued ) 112 . 119h continued : ( 6 ) 119h holme first , the world will see you for what you be . then you will hang ... properly this time . blackwood look up . crack ! the crane dislodge a metal girder , which miss holme by inch as it crash through the floorboard -- blackwood smirk . blackwood we will see about that shall we . it 's a long journey from here to the rope . creak . holme look up . blackwood look up . holme we will see about that shall we . bang ! the top of the crane crash down . the wooden infrastructure support blackwood fall away . send blackwood fall into a lattice of hanging chain below . blackwood scream as the chain begin to snap off one by one . he fall farther ... and farther ... and finally -- SNAP ! the last chain catch , tightens around blackwood 's neck , kill he instantly . blackwood dangle on the rusty chain , hang like a common man after all , with Tower Bridge as he gibbet . holme just stand there , stunne . he look out to see : the raven fly away , a silhouette against the stormy sky . the bird flap its wing , disappear into a cloud . his brow furrow . perhaps there really be some thing that can not be explain . holme look over the side of the bridge , see : irene be awkwardly splay on the lower level . she appear to be dead , possibly a small trickle of blood be come out of she mouth . holme move down to she . he take she hand . holme oh , irene ... his finger move to take she pulse . ( continued ) 112a . 119h continued : ( 7 ) 119h her eye pop open . irene make a quick move : she try to cuff he . but this time , holme be ready for it : he reverse the move , cuffing she instead . he take a seat next to she . they sit there for a beat , a odd lover ' moment look out over the Thames . irene it look like rain . holme we have still get a moment . a bit of a smile and break . irene you be right , he be a professor . moriarty . Key 's in the watch pocket . ( continued ) 113 . 119h continued : ( 8 ) 119h holme reach over to grab the key . they face close , near a kiss . holme drop the key down the top of she shirt ( just as she drop they down he pants ) . he snatch the diamond from around she neck , turn and walk away . she smile , call out : irene you will miss I , sherlock . holme sadly , yes . holme walk away , pause to pick up Watson 's sword stick , keep walk . at the end of the top of the stair . holme hand the cylinder to one of the policeman . 120-122 omitted 120-122 122a ext . tower bridge - dusk 122a rain fall softly . lestrade it will be a hell of a trick if blackwood come back from this one . holme thank you , lestrade . lestrade now you be go to be even more arrogant and insufferable than ever . then lestrade crack a smile . lestrade you be welcome , detective . ( beat ) be the woman up there ? holme she will not be by the time you boy get there . holme keep move into the night . the storm curl around he , the rain fall hard . and he see ... ( continued ) 113a . 122a continued : 122a a shadow be wait for he . we recognize the figure of watson . holme can not help but smile . he join Watson , no word speak . holme hold out Watson 's sword stick . Watson take it . the two of they stand look out down the Thames . 114 . 123 ext . 221 baker ST . - day later 123 moving day . Mary and Watson walk towards 221b . a driver load Watson 's box into a carriage that wait in front of the apartment . watson one moment . Watson take a quick look in one of the box . watson please make sure this one be put on the desk in the front room . mary what 's in all that notebook ? watson nothing really ... just a few scribbles ... case we have work on over the year . mary all you adventure ... I would love to read they sometime . Watson laugh then pause for a moment to consider this idea before they enter . 123a 123a int . 221 baker ST . - staircase as Watson and Mary climb the stair , it become clear that Mary now wear irene's diamond on she finger . holme have it make into a engagement ring . watson I still can not believe he 's give we that ring . mary do you think he 's finally come to term with you leave ? watson of course . no question about it -- 123b int . 221 baker ST . 123b Watson open the door of holme ' apartment revealing a horrific scene : holme be hang from a rope , he back to they . he look dead . ( continued ) 114a . 123b continued : 123b watson do not panic , dear . Watson and Mary step in but do nothing to help holme . watson suicide be not in he repetoire , he 's far too fond of himself . Watson poke he . turn he around . holme good afternoon . I be try to deduce the manner in which blackwood survive he execution . clear you good name , as it be . but it have a surprisingly soporific effect and I be carry off in the arm of morpheus , like a caterpillar in a cocoon . watson get on with it , holme . holme cleverly conceal in the hangman 's knot be a hook -- I believe my leg have fall asleep . I should probably come down . mary should not you help he , John ? watson I hate to stop when he 's on a roll . do carry on , holme . Watson and Mary walk by . holme the executioner attach it to a harness , thus allow the weight to be distribute around the waist and the neck to remain intact . my lord , I can not feel my cheek . might we continue this at ground level ? watson how do you manage it , holme ? ( continued ) 115 . 123b continued : ( 2 ) 123b holme I manage it with brace , belt and a coat hook . please , Watson , my tongue be go next . I will be of no use to you at all . watson worse thing could happen . mary John . Watson draw he sword . watson but none of this explain the lack of a pulse . he finally use he sword stick and slice holme down . holme tumble to the ground . holme there be a toxin refine from the nectar of the rhododendron ponticum . it be quite infamous in the region of Turkey border the Black Sea for its ability to induce a apparently mortal paralysis . enough to mislead a medical mind even as tenacious and well - train as you own . it be know locally as -- mary what 's wrong with gladstone ? holme -- mad honey disease . closeup of watson' dog stiff as a board . holme he be demonstrate the very effect I have just describe . he do not mind . watson his heart should be tick in no time . ( continued ) 116 . 123b continued : ( 3 ) 123b Watson feel for a pulse in he dog 's neck -- he shake he head . they be interrupt by a knock on the door . constable Clark enter . constable clark Mr. holme ... Inspector lestrade ask that you come with I , right away . holme what be it this time , clarky ? constable clark it 's one of we sergeant , sir . he go miss in the sewer , the day you stop Lord blackwood ... well , a maintenance man find he body this morning . we believe the sergeant be we first man on the scene . shot in the head . holme be there powder burn on he eyebrow ? clarky nod . constable clark yes . watson Point blank range . holme with small caliber bullet . constable clark indeed . holme moriarty . holme and Watson look at each other -- complete change of demeanor -- mind racing , look concerned . the dog have regain its vital sign . mary there 's a brave boy ... there , there , everything 's go to be all right . watson where be blackwood 's device now ? ( continued ) 116a . 123b continued : ( 4 ) 123b constable clark the secret service have it , sir . they have take over the case . closeup on holme and watson piece it together : holme I would wager there 's a piece miss . constable Clarke nod . holme pull he coat on . watson so you be say moriarty be after a part of the machine and not the poison . Watson nod . holme the wire - free invention be the game all along . imagine be able to control any device simply by send a command via radio wave . watson adler be just a diversion . Mary look at Watson who be clearly try to curb he enthusiasm and interest . a knock . the Driver poke he head in . driver ( to Watson ) I have load the last of you box , sir . Watson nod , the Driver exit . Watson turn to holme . watson well ... holme I will leave with you . clarky , case reopen . 124 124 omitted 116b . 125 flashback - int . sewer junction 125 we follow policemen head into the sewer tunnel . they spread out to seal the crime scene , where holme have dismantle blackwood 's device . constable clark ( v.o. ) we believe sergeant Smith be the first officer there . sergeant smith see a policeman lean over the device . sergeant oi , what you do ? the policeman look up , and a gun slide into he hand by mean of the same device we see in the carriage scene with irene . we do not see he face . constable clark ( v.o. ) shot in the head . bang ! 117 . 126 int . 221 baker ST . ( present ) 126 holme be there powder burn on he eyebrow ? clarky nod . constable clark he be shot at point-blank range . holme and Watson look at each other -- complete change of demeanor -- mind racing , look concerned . the dog have regain its vital sign . watson there 's a brave boy ... there , there , everything 's go to be all right . holme where be blackwood 's device now ? constable clark the secret service have it , sir . they have take over the case . closeup on holme and watson piece it together : watson I would wager there 's a piece miss . holme wager , Watson ... I think that day be behind you . excellent deduction , however . CUT to : flashback - the policeman remove a small receiver - like object from blackwood 's device . back to present constable Clark nod . holme pull he coat on . ( continued ) 117a . 126 continued : 126 watson moriarty be after the machine not the poison . holme nod . holme blackwood 's wire - free invention be the game all along . it be undoubtedly the more dangerous and the more valuable of the two ... ( wistful ) irene be just a diversion . Mary look at Watson who be clearly try to curb he enthusiasm and interest . a knock . the man from the stair poke he head in . man ( to Watson ) I have load the last of you box , sir . Watson nod , the Driver exit . Watson turn to holme . watson well ... holme I will walk out with you ... 118 . 127 ext . 221 baker ST . - day 127 Mary and gladstone wait for Watson in the carriage . holme and Watson stand in the doorway . a stiff beat . holme extend a awkward hand . holme a honor work with you , Doctor . Watson shake holme ' hand , put a hand on he arm . a warm look , a understanding between the two man . watson take care of yourself , holme . Watson move to the open door of the carriage but Mary stop he . mary try not to be too late for dinner with my parent and ... be careful . she wave to holme as the carriage pull away . Watson look relieved and excited . holme magnificent woman , Watson . magnificent ! they climb into constable Clarke 's black mariah which pull away down Baker St. we pull back from the carriage wide and up like we open on Baker Street -- perhaps the Pov of the raven . fade out . the end