shine int . transit lounge . airport - night david helfgott wake with a start in a indistinct place somewhere in the world . late thirty , eyelid at half - mast , he stare into the wet night , mesmerize by a flash red light . David ( mumble ) kiss they all , I kiss they all , always kiss cat , puss -cat , kiss they , always do ; if a cate let I kiss it , I ’d kiss it - cat on a fence I ’ll kiss it - always , always , I will - do n’t I ? I do because I be different wasn’t I , I be - gotta be different again , haven’t I darl - he realize the seat beside he be empty and panic . David where - oh-where , gillian ? where do she go , where - oh - his weird begaviour draw attention . gillian ( return ) it 's alright David , I ’m right here . David here - here gillian , right here . the thing be I think you be go . she emanate calmness , warmth and be a endless source of energy . the effect be instantaneous . david settles gillian where be there to go ? David I do n’t know darling , I do n’t know , I ’m hopeless without my glass . gillian you’ve get you contact in , silly . david I ’m a silly , it 's true , it 's true . a bray laugh . whooahh ! gillian shhhh. David oooh , shhh - shhh , sorry darling , sorry - gillian it 's alright . stretch you leg . David do you think so ? perhaps I should , perhaps I should stretch my leg , should I stretch my leg ? he stand . gillian good idea . David good idea , that 's right - airport announcement : Flight 313 to London via Frankfurt will be re-board in 15 minute - David whooahhh , London , gillian , London ! gillian yes shhh. David shhh he look out the rain -spatter window at the flash red light from a aircraft be fuelle immediately outside the window . David shhh , softly , softly , new story dissolve to iridescent neon raindrop coursing down a window in the night somewhere , suddenly a desperate face fill the fram . it 's david in he late twenty . the full head of hair , fall around he soaking wet face , tell we this be year earlier ; a sodden cigarette hang from he lip spectacle dangle off the end of he nose . he 's look into ... int / ext . moby' winebar - night a pianist croon the last few bar of '' only the lonely’ . a waiter , tony , show the last two patron to the door . tony and a woman in she mid-forty , sylvia , put up chair ; the pianist , SAM , slip into a stool at the bar . they chat but all we hear be david 's anxious breathe as we be see it all from he Pov . he rap on the window . sylvia what do he want ? Sam a drink probably . get lose ! david disappear from the window and appear at the door . sylvia poor thing . let he in . tony he 's a derro’ ! sylvia he’s saturate . resume david 's Pov as more word be exchange then tony come over and open the door to he . tony what 's the problem , mate ? david ( a hundred mile a hour ) sorry , sorry , sorry , mate , I ’m the problem , I think I ’m the problem , such a problem . and wet ! but it 's not a ideal world . be it a ideal world ? we just have to make the most of it , I mean , this be the way we find it be n’t it , yeah - yeah - yeah ! but it 's more ideal than it be , I mean , you know , we’re privileged , we’re privileged , we’re privilige , be n’t we , because not long ago , people would be burn to a steak would n’t they , er he see '' moby '' s’ embroider on tony 's tunic . dvid moby , yay moby , pleased to meet you - tony tony . who be you ? David ( hug tony ) tony , tony not moby tony . who be I tony ? who know tony ? I do n’t know myself . whooahh ! David , I ’m David , I ’m David tony how do that sound ? sylvia hello David . how can sylvia help ? David sylvia ? be it sylvia ? how be you sylvia ? good to see you , sylvia . he throw a arm around she neck as though greeting a long - lose friend . david sylvia tony , tony sylvia . sylvia what can we do for you , David ? David do for I , sylvia , what , yes , get to stop talk , get to stop , get to stop , it 's a problem be n’t it ? be it a problem ? sylvia it 's alright David ; just tell sylvia why you’re here . David ahhhh ! well it 's a mystery , a mystery , a mystery - sylvia be you lose ? David be I lose ? perhaps that 's it . I ’m lose , I ’m lose , I ’m lose . how do that sound ? he see the piano . David ooh you have a piano . be that you piano , sylvia ? beautiful sylvia , . be n’t sylvia beautiful tony ? you too tony . perhaps I could play it . could I play it ? you say , you say . Sam like hell baby . sylvia shut up , sam. David ( lurch towards SAM ) Hell baby , the Devil , diablerie Sam baby ! SAM get outta here . tony be in fit of laughter sylvia David - David sylvia , such a beaitiful piano exquisite sylvia , sylvia - tony - he move towards it . David could I play , you say , you say ? sylvia why do n’t you tell sylvia where you live ? David live , sylvia , ligve - live and let live - that 's very important be n’t it ? molto , molto . but then again it 's a lifelong struggle , be n’t it sylvia - tony , to live , to survive , to survive undamage and not destroy any live breathe creature . the point be , if you do something wrong you can be punish for the rest of you life so I think it 's a lifelong struggle ; be it a lifelong struggle ? whatever you do it 's a struggle , a struggle to keep you head above water and not get it chop off . I ’m not disappoint you be I sylvia - tony -moby - Sam , yay Sam ! ext . street - night sylvia 's old humber belt past in the heavy rain . int . sylvia' car - night tony be drive . sylvia be in front , both laugh along with david in the back . David ( a bray laugh ) '' helfott’ - ‘with the help of god’ - that 's what it mean sylvia . how's that ? you see , daddy 's daddy be religious , vee-eery religious , very strict ; and a bit of a meanie . but he get eterminate , do n’t he , so God do n’t help he . whooahhh . not very funny be it , sylvia ? very sad , really sad - I ’m callous aren’t I , such a meanie because I have n’t get a soul , be that right - that 's right be n’t it ? sylvia - ( o.s. ) what do you mean ? david daddy , daddy say so . no such thing as a soul . a train whiste sound in the distance . sylvia that 's ridiculous David ridiculous ; you’re right . I ’m ridiculous sylvia - tony , and callous daddy say because it be a tragedy , a tragedy the car drive into a tunnel . blackness in the tunnel . David - ( v.0 . ) a ridiculous tragedy . the sound of the train wheel rattling , blast a signal sweep we into bright light . int . old hall - day as if in a dream , child face turn to look at camera in soundless slow-motion . some be make up , prissy , perfectly dress for a performance , accompany by ‘stage mothers’ , fan themselves in the stifling heat , all eye focus on the next contestant as he make he way up the centre aisle . his Pov . over this we fade up . announcer letus hear it for we next young contestant , David helfgott . david , nine , make he way down the aisle clutching a score . his hair be meticulously parte and he wear spectacle . a little uncertain , he stop and look back to he father . peter helfgott be a thickset Polish man in he fifty . he motion for david to keep go , then sit , anxious and excited . david walk up some step onto the stage . announcer davidus go to play the piano for we , be n’t you David ? David yes . he 's stage -struck by all that face look at he , include three judge - two elderly female and a man in he thirty . his name be BEN rosen . announcer what be you go to play ? david 's attention be take by a fan nearby , blade whirring . announcer David , what be you go to play ? david snap out of it , when from the audience peter ( stand ) chopin ! the polonaise ! peter smile full of charm , and a little embarrassed at all eye on he ; he applaud encouragingly then sit . david 's hell click on the bare board as he cross to the old upright piano centre-stage . he adjust he music . his bony leg barely reac the pedal . he difget , look into the spotlight . he take a deep breath , then launch into chopinus polonaise in a flat , the first few bar ring out with unusual power , surprising everyone - BEN rosen in particular . david attack the key with such gusto that the piano inch forward . he hook he foot around the leg of the stool and drit in . he play on . the piano move again . he blur some note . again he readjust the stool without miss a beat ; page of he score flutter to the ground but david play on , undaunted , to the end . rosen watch the courageous performance with wry amazement . peter arrive backstage flustered . to the announcer : peter the piano , it be disgraceful . the piano slew forward . david stand and play the final few bar with awesome intensity . announcer this kidq good ; heus great . a moment . Peter he’s my son ! ext . helfgott house - day the expectant face of two young girl loom large as they look down the street from they perch in a tree - margaret , 12 , and suzie , 5 . suzie do he win or lose ? along the street , david walk a few pace behind peter . Margaret he lose . david jump over the crack in the pavement . margaret now we’ll all cop it . damn you David helfgott . int . helfgott house - day peter brood , he mind turn over . a scratch recording of rachmaninov’s third piano concerto play on the gramophone . david move a chess piece and wait for peter . rachel helfgott , peter 's wife , light the woodstove . her face , once beautiful , be now blankete by the gollow look of year of submission . margaret be do homeowrk on the kitchen table . david it 's you turn , daddy . peter flick a look at the board a move a piece . peter you know , David , when I be you age , I buy a violin , I save for that violin , it be a beautiful violin . all listen to the story they ’ve hear before . do you know what happen to it ? david glance at a photo of a stern rabbi high up on the wall . david he smashed it . a moment , the peter slam he fist on the small table , knock some chess piece off . peter you be a lucky boy . my father never let I have music . david I know , daddy . Peter you be very lucky . David yes daddy . ( light up . ) will I play for you ? Peter no . you pick up this piece . david proceed to on hand and knee while peter go to switch the gramophone off . margaret ( to david ) I bet I could’ve win . peter ( in yiddish ) quiet . david poke a face at margaret . she do the same to he , careful for peter not to see . david gallop the knight across the board . there 's a knock at the frond door . margaret make to go . peter Margaret ! she stop . peter I tell you , tell you friend not to come . she sit . there 's another knock which peter ignore . ext . helfgott house . sideway - day BEN rosen walk around the sideway of the dilapidate old house , uncertain if there 's anyone home . he spot someone in the backyard . rosen hello . it 's suzie . suzie hello . rosen who be you ? int / ext . helfoyy house . backyard - day peter look across . suzie - ( o.s. ) daddy , there 's someone here . rosen appear at the back door . rosen I hope I be not interupt peter stand in the doorway look down at he , resent the intrusion . rosen Ben rosen . I be one of the judge . peter do not accept the proffer handshae . he motion suzie in . peter ( to rosen ) yes ? rosen you leave before all the prize be announce . david appear behind peter . rosen you be very good this afternoon , David . David thank you . Peter he can play better . rosen maybe he be a little too good . some people do not like that . we give he a special prize for he courage . peter take the envelope from rosen and peel it open . margaret start play the piano in the background . rosen it be a very difficult piece you choose , David . david daddy choose it . rosen notice rachel sneak a look out the window at he . rosen even great pianist think twice before tackle the polonbaise . david 's eye light up as peter take a pound note from the envelope . peter a prize for lose ! he pocket the money . rosen I would not call he a loser . peter ( in yiddish , to margaret ) stop , that be enough ! she stop play . rosen ( in yiddish ) she play well too . the yiddish catch peter out . peter ( disdainful ) they all play . rosen I be quite sure David could win lot of competition with the right tuition . he offer a business card show he qualification . peter I teach he . rosen you have obviously do well . peter yes - and no one teach I ; no music teacher Mr. rosen . rosen of course , it 's just that a few bad habit can sometimes mean the difference between win or lose . he know which string to pull . if you would like to think about it . he hand peter the card . peter hold he look and close the door on he . ext . STREET outside helfgott house - night the house be in darkness int . helfott house - night in the bedroom peter wake to the sound of the piano filter through from the live area . he walk down the hallway , draw by the sparse , haunt music which be familiar : rachmaninov 's third piano concerto . enter the live area he see david play the piano in near darkness . david struggle to get he small finger across the key , falter to a stop Peter rachmaninov ? David it 's beautiful . peter sit beside he son . peter you teach yourself ? David from the record . Peter the record ? david you always play it . peter smile . Peter it be very difficult , the hardest piece in the world , David . David will you teach I ? pause . peter deflect . peter one day you will play it , you will make I very proud . peter hug he small son . peter next time , what be we go to do ? David we be go to win . peter we be go to win ! ( kiss he . ) now go to bed . David goodnight , daddy . moment later peter take a score from a batter suitcase full of music : rachmaninov 's third piano concerto . it 's awesome in its complexity , page after page . peter position it on the piano , then contemplate the key with he own thickset , clumsy hand . the frame photo of the rabbi look down at he . peter clenches he fist in frusturation . ext . BEN rosen be house - day david and peter walk along a cobble path . david stop to look at some goldfish in a large pond . peter bustles he along to the frontdoor of the house . rain threaten . peter ring the bell . david smile and go to do the same but peter stop he with a look . the door be open by rosen . peter I have decide I would like you to teach David . ( hand he some music . ) this ! rosen rachmaninov ? do not be ridiculous . peter he can play it already . rosen he 's just a boy . how can he express that sort of passion ? peter you be a passionate man , Mr. rosen . you will teach he , no ? rosen no . I will teach he what I think be best . david be entrance by some chime hang over he head . peter rachmaninov be best . ( no response . ) but you be he teacher ; I let you decide . rosen ( dry ) thank you . we will start with mozart . he let david in and peter go to follow but the door be already close on he . peter I can not afford to pay . the door shut , leave peter strand . it start to rain . the sound of scale issue from inside . int . rosen be house - day david play the scale . rosen spot peter at the side window , peer in . rosen shut the blind on he . ext . rosen' sideway - day peter , in the raid , press he ear to the window . the sound of thunder advanced from : ext . lodge . night . - the present heavy rain . sylvia 's car pull up . she jump out and open the back door . sylvia come on David , sylvia 's get wet . she drag he out . david wet sylvia , sorry sylvia , such a wet . they run past a sign clanging on a chain : ' eden Lodge ' . int . david be room at eden lodge - night sylvia be appal by what she see . the room be litter with sheet music , rubbish , cigarette butt . sylvia be this you room , David ? David it 's a room , it 's a room , home sweet home . she look at the piano - a batter honky - tonk , chip key all burnt by cigarettes . sylvia you can play ? david kind of , kind of play kind of sweet kind sylvia . ( pick up sheet music . ) chopin , sylvia , chopinzee ! the pole-popolski . like daddy and he family before they be concentrate . he brushes a rachmaninov score aside . sylvia how long have you be here ? david golly , I do not know . aeon I think , a few year , a few . and schubert , nothing wrong with schubert except syphilis , be it syphilis ? I think it be . then he get typhoid on top of it and that be the end of he be not it ? we lose he - shenotice a row of tablet bottle by the bed . david that be a bit careless be not it sylvia - whooah we lose he , we lose he , do not live to swim another day . minogue enter ; late fifty , he have a thick Scottish accent and a suspicious look in he eye . david him . I be a naughty boy be not I ? be I a naughty boy ? chop chop , off with the head . minogue I be about to send out a search party . he shut the window . david whooahhh , a search party Jim , a party ! I will not be invite again , will I sylvia ? sylvia he show up at my restaurant , seem a bit lose . david how 's that sylvia , how 's that ? a party ! a celebration . a fiesta - ! minogue he 's good at that . thank you for bring he back . he usher she out . david time for a wine and a very fine time . a mardi gras and a nice long cigar - whoooah Jim Jim Jim , a party . he realize he 's on he own . he stare blankly at the rain hit the window , get louder until it become the sound of applause , from : int . concert hall . day - the past row of enthusiastic clap hand . presenter - ( v.o. ) the winner and State champion , David helfgott . as the wild applause continue , we end on a big close - up of david as he come up from a bow , now a young adolescent . several year have pass . int . helfgott house . - day suzie he win ! David win ! margaret I can hear that . I be not deaf . rachel nurse baby louise . rachel that 's you clever brother . int . backstage of hall - day peter burst through the door , rush up to rosen and kiss he on both cheek . peter we win . we win . rosen thjanks to mozart . peter now he can play rachmaninov . rosen sigh . david take centre stage . peter watch from the wing with rosen and the other contestant . presenter and now to present David with the prize money , out very special guest from America , lady and gentleman , currently on tour in Australia - Isaac stern . stern shake hand with david . peter applaud vigorously , overwhelm with excitement . peter he 's my son ! stern ( to david ) you have a very special talent , david . david thank you , thank you Mr. stern . so do you . laughter . stern how much be you prepare to give to you music , David ? david how much ? peter ( from the wing ) everything . rosen settles peter . david everything . but I do like tennis - and chemistry too . laughter . peter laugh too . stern do you play tennis as well as you play mozart ? david only against the wall at home , I bounce the ball against the wall mainly . stern how would you like to come to a special school in the States where music bounce off the wall ? david 's imagination be capture . david America ? stern land of the free . Home of the vrave ! you know ? peter 's expression falter . presenter lady and gentleman , what a honour for we young state champion to be invite to study in America . the audience applaud . people congratulate peter . rosen that 's fantastic , Peter . peter applaud enthusiastically despite the uncomfortable feel he be yet to fully understand . david beam into the audience , soaking up that win feel . fade to white : suzie' voice : ' and now , all the way from America , David helfgott . ' ext . helfgott house . backyard - day david step out form behind the bright white sheet hang on the line and bow repeatedly to a imaginary audience . margaret he 's not from America . she take the wash off the line . the yard be cramme with empty bottle and scrap metal . suzie he 's go to America and when he come back he will be come from there , will not you David ? david bow still , until margaret unpeg the sheet . suzie be not you go to miss he ? margaret yes . david smile as he realize she mean it . david I too . youth 's voice Margaret . margaret put the wash down and exit the back gate . int . helfgott house . kitchen - day peter I have no money to send David to America . rosen we will raise it . peter scoff . rachel look over from the sink where she 's scraping marrow from bone into a pot . rosen bar mitzvah . peter what ? rosen David have not have he bar mitzvah . peter look out the window . peter religion be nonsense . rosen it 's also a goldmine if you know where to dig . ext . helfgott house . backyard - day david one day I will play with a orchestra . suzie can I come when you do ? david you can ride with I in my cadillac . suzie where be you go to live in America ? behind they , peter step out of the kitchen . david with a nice jewish family they say . peter and this be not a nice family ? david oh yes , very nice , very - peter you be very lucky to have a family ! he stab a look at the abandon laundry baskey - no sign of margaret . ext . helfgott house . rear laneway - day peter 's face appar over the rear corrugate iron fence which have a strand of barb wire run across the top . in the laneway margaret be talk to a gangly youth . see peter she pale . margaret I have to go . she hurry to the gate . when she open it , peter be there . she squash past he , he eye burn through she . int . helfgott kitchen - day rosen it 's one of the finest music school in the world . rachel it be for he father to decide . rosen David will be well look after , I assure you . rachel nod politely , unconvince . pause . rosen ( perplex , step closer ) Rachel , David could well be one of the truly great pianist . rachel he be just a boy , Mr. rosen . he still wet the bed . rosen absorb this . margaret fume past . ext . STREET - day a rickety pram wheel wobble along . wide to reveal peter push the dilapidate old pram down the ordinary suburban street , flanke by david and suzie wear grubby school uniform . several kid play hopscotch stop as they see they approach , then clear a path for the odd trio to pass . suzie look down she nose at they . david perform the hopscotch without miss a beat as the trio continue on its way . the kid watch after they , like they be from another planet . Wide shot . david and suzie collect several bottle which have be leave on the sidewalk , put they in the pram and walk on with peter . ext . helfgott house . backyard - day peter straddle a large piece of scrap metal - the head of a truck engine - and heave it off the pram with a great sense of satisfaction . it join a pile of metal and a stack of empty bottle in the corner of the yard . peter you see how fit I be , you see how strong ? suzie show I daddy , show I where the lion scratch you when you work at the circus . peter extend he hand with a sense of theatricality to reveal a long , jag scar . peter that 's what happen when you get too close to the bar . he stand in a body - builder pose , barrel - chest . peter come on David , hit I . suzie me! peter David , as hard as you can . david okay . here come . ready . david 's punch bounce off peter 's stomach . suzie my turn daddy . peter harder . come on ! ( david punch again . ) you see . a man of steel . david steel alright . ( rubbing he fist . ) peter no one can hurt I ! because in this world only the fit survive . rachel watch from the laundry , sweat over the hot copper ; she see another side to the fun and game . peter the weak get crush like insect . believe I , if you want to survive in America you have to be fit and strong , like I . int . synagogue . office corridor - day a elderly receptionist type with one finger on a antiquated typewriter . peter sit in the narrow corridor , arm fold tightly . he would rather be somewhere else . on the wall opposite he a long line of face - the portrait of past rabbis of the synagogue stare down . peter glance at the fold newspaper on the seat next to he : the maccabean . on the front page - a photo of david seat at the piano with a smile peter , point at a score as if take david through a lesson . the elderly typist remove the sheet from the typewriter and smile at peter . he nod politely , then resume he steely composure . the door to the rabbi 's office open . peter stand . rabbi ( exit the office with David ) see you next week David , and do not forget to study . ( he hand he the ' soncino chumash ' . ) we will see you in schul , elias . peter feign a polite smile . david thank you rabbi . they walk off . david take the maccabean from he , note tstand display more copy of this latest issue . peter put he arm on david 's shoulder , draw he in , as if protect he from a invisible foe . the rabbi consider it , then go back into he office . ext . BEN rosen be house - day the postman ride along the street , past david wait expectantly at he front gate . no mail today . david watch after he , sigh . int . bokser mansion - night a chandelier glisten above the entry . david and peter enter tentatively . the foyer be drip with dignity and provincial social elite . david and peter be immediately set on by the hostess , mrs . bokser , a busy socialite . mrs . bokser Mr. helfott , it 's exciting be not it ? David , the Lord Mayor 's die to meet you . she take david by the hand , drag he away . a waiter offer peter a drink from a try but peter 's attention be on david be whisk away . cut to a short while later . face glow with appreciation and sparkling jewellery surround david . mrs . bokser and I would like to thank we wonderful Lord Mayor for establish this fund for David to go to America . ( applause . ) and now to play for we , we very own David helfgott . rosen note peter 's embitter look around the room as the gather smother david with affection on he way to the piano - a shake of the hand , a kiss , etc . ext . helfgott house - night peter 's voice can be hear raging inside . peter - ( v.o ) this people be a disgrace ! int . helfgott house . girl bedroom - night suzie nestle up to margaret and baby louise , frighten by the yell . peter - ( v.o. ) a disgrace . ( a loud thump . ) they think they be so important . ( curse in yiddish . ) int . helfgott house . lounge - night Peter pace , like a cage lion , burst with anger . Peter what do they know with they fur and they diamond ? it make I sick to the stomach . rachel be on the receive end . peter and rosen . pah ! int . david be room . night - night david lie in bed listen . peter - ( v.o. ) what kind of man be he ? he have no child . he 's not marry , I know ! do not talk to I about rosen . int . helfgott house . lounge - night peter curse again in yiddish . Rachel he only want for David the same as you have always want . peter do not ever compare I to he . what have he suffer ? not a day in he life ! what do he know about family ? do you forget how you sister die ? he thump the wall by he photograph of rachel and she sister . peter and my mother and father . ( yiddish . ) stupid woman . stupid ! cut to later . peter sit in near darkness , just stare it seem . we realize he be look at a scrapbook , article and photo of david throughout he brief but stun career , include a photo with Isaac stern . peter stare , he mind turn the same thing over and over int . david' bedroom - night david be asleep . a shadow fall across he . it 's peter . he come over and stand there , burden , watch over he sleep son . he kiss david lovingly on the forehead . int . australia - soviet society . meeting room - night david bow to warm applause . secretary thank you comrade helfgott ; you son be a credit to you . peter proudly put he hand on david 's shoulder . on the wall there 's a communist flag and a stalin portrait . the gather consist of 25 people , member of the society . one woman , in she mid-seventy , warmly applaud she appreciation of david 's talent . cut to later . cocktail be be serve . peter be involved in a discussion . he look around for david . no sign . int . the society reading room - night david take a book from the shelf - it 's on Russia . a girl , about 17 , stare at he through the shelf . girl you play beautifully . david thank you . girl my name be Sonia . david I be David . sonia I know who you be . she laugh ; so do david . he 's quite take . sonia you have the most wonderful hand . he look at he hand , like he would never notice . then look at hers . david so do you . she smile warmly . sonia you be go to America ? David that 's right . Sonia perhaps one day you will go to Russia too . david yes . why not ? peter - ( o / 's ) David . david put he hand in he pocket . david right here . peter give sonia a charming smile . peter Excuse we . ther eis someone important who want to meet you , David . int . the society reading room - night we recognize the woman from above - katherine susannah prichard . her face reflect a sharp intelligence and strong humanity . Katherine I have never meet anyone who play the piano as beautifully as you , David . david and I have never meet a writer before , Mrs. prichard . katherine you must be very proud of he . peter as proud as a father can be . katherine smile . katherine I have a long -suffer old piano at home . peter a suffer piano ? Katherine from neglect . perhaps you would come and play it for I , David ? peter go to speak , but david interrupt . david oh yes , anything to help . klatherine I would like that very much . david I too . secretary - ( o /s ) you attention comrade . I wish to propose a toast to we founder - Katherine that 's my cue . Excuse I . secretary - and very special guest this evening , Katherine susannah prichard . peter applaud along with everyone else . peter you will learn much from this old woman , David . she have be to Soviet Union . as katherine join the secretary up front , she smile at david . peter ( nudge david ) smile . look happy . ext . helfgott house - day david hurry out the front door excitedy at the sound of the postman 's whistle . the postman find a letter for david in he satchel and hold it away before playfully drop it into the letter box . david grab it and register where it 's come from . david America ! int . helfgott house - night David excitedly read a letter from ' the michleburg family - New Jersey ' . david ' we have be inform of you exceptional talent and can only say how privileged we feel to have you come and stay with we ' . peter listen as he chop vegetable on a board , alongside several marrow bone . david ' you will be pleased to know that we be have the bosendorfer tune especially for you . ' peter scoops the vegetable into a steaming pot . david ' we eagerly await you innement -' margaret imminent , fool . suzie I wonder if they have get a cadillac ? david ' imminent arrival and look forward to hearing you play for we . kindest wish , Simon and basha mickleburg . ' peter chop more vegetable - the simple word be like dagger . rachel be mindful of he brood silence . suzie read it again . margaret not again ! she turn the radio up . david you be just jealous . peter simmer suzie just the bit about the parakeet and the dog and the two cat . margaret put she hand over she ear . david ' you will enjoy the company of we parakeet and we poodle call Margaret ' . margaret pig ! it be not ! she grab the letter and david try to get it ; all yell , play ' keeping off ' around the room . david jealous , jealous , give it ! Margaret pig! pig! peter enough ! he sweep a bottle of milk off the bench ; it explod at suzie 's foot . peter enough of this nonsense ! david pale as peter tear the letter up . suzie cry . david daddy ? peter forget it ! you be not go . David be not go anywhere . ( silence . ) what be you look at , you fool ? he be not go to America ! I will not let anyone destroy this family ! David daddy , but daddy please - peter I know what be best , David . I know because I be you father and this be you family . stun silence . david run out of the house . peter David ! David come back - the door slam . rachel ( in yiddish ) why now !? why !? peter slap she . ext . BEN rosen be house - night the house be in darkness . david knock . he 's be run , in a sweat . david Mr. rosen ? no answer . david Mr. rosen . it 's David . ( he bang at the door . ) please Mr. rosen . please there 's nobody home . david slide down the door , clutching he knee , bewilder . cut to water rippling in the moonlight . david 's reflection appear in the pond . he watch the distortion of he face in the water , then slap the surface and after a moment the image settles again . he put he head under , right up to he shoulder . cut to underwater , david 's face , as bubbles escape from he mouth . in fact we be : int . helfott bathroom - night we realize david 's face be underwater in the bath . he surface , for air and just stare , breathe awkwardly . peter enter in a dress gown . peter come on David , you have be long enough . be you feel better now ? silly boy , all this nonsense . this be you home , this be where you belong david 's Pov : peter peel off he dress gown singlet , talk but there be no sound - it 's like a dream . peter go to get in but stop as he see something in the bath that horrify he . peter David ! ( he slap David 's head . ) you animal . you disgusting animal . he slashes at david with a white singlet , splash water everywhere . peter to shit in the bath . to do this to I . you callous boy . to shit like a animal . david barely react as the attack with the wet singlet continue , across he bare back , he head water arc across the small bathroom with each blow . just as suddenly as it start , it 's over . peter be go . Water run down the wall like blood . a drop form on the flicker light globe , then fall . david just stare in shock . silence . int . synagogue - day rachel be huddle with suzie , margaret and louise in the upper balcony . the jewish community watch as david sing from the torah , take he bar mitzvah , head bow , almost cower . rosen sense something be wrong . he look across at peter whose stern unwaver expression give nothing away . Close - up : peter , a man of steel . ext . helfgott house - night Wide shot . the house be in near darkness . rosen walk up purposefully and scrape the front gate open . he knock at the door . no answer . int . helfgott house - night in the hallway - rosen 's silhouette through the opawue glass . he knock again . reveal peter , in the shadowy darkness , the outside world completely shut out . int . the loungeroom - night the air be thick with tension . rachel amuse little louise . suzie flip through the scrapbook . margaret finger the same note on the piano . all stop as the knock echoe again through the solemn quiet , like a knell . silence . margaret this house be like a concentration camp . she let the piano lid drop shut . in the hallway rosen 's shadow wait at the door . rosen - ( v.o. ) Peter ? I know you can hear I . do not do this to David . you must not . peter 's eye glow with anger in the darkness . silence . ext . helfgott house - night rosen Peter ! rosen give up , turn to go , but then as a afterthought : rosen whatever you do , do not inflict bloddy rachmaninov on he . he 's not ready ! int . helfgott house - night in the hallway - rosen 's shadow disappear . the gate be hear scraping open as he leave . peter just stand there . the sound of rosen 's car be hear drive away , the headlight flicker across peter 's face . int . helfgott house - night peter stand over the bed where david lie , face away . peter David ( no reply . ) David . my boy ? still you do not speak to I ? pause . peter it 's a terrible thing to hate , to hate you fatehr . silence . he sit on the bed . peter life be cruel , but music , it will always be you friend . everything else will let you down in the end . everything . believe I . ( pause . ) please do not hate I David . he begin to cry . he sob david look at he father cry , full of confusion . they eye meet and peter pull david up and hug he . david throw he arm around he neck . peter ( in yiddish ) do not hate I . peter kiss david repeatedly on the side of the face , all the while stutter : peter it 's tough , life can be tough but you have to survive , say it . you have to - david survive , daddy Peter that 's right , David . no one will love you like I . you can not trust anyone but I will always be there always be with you , forever . do you understand ? David yes , daddy , forever they hug as we begin to pull back look down on they . peter forever and ever peter and david forever and ever int . david be room . eden lodge - night adult david sit on the floor in the middle of the room , scroung for a match amidst the mess of paper and music spread around he . he pick up something . it 's a crumpled old letter with distinctive letterhead : Royal College of Music . david peer myopically at it - we only glimpse a few word : ' dear Mr. helfgott , we be pleased to inform you ' fade up - music , from the past - ' sospiro ' by liszt . it continue over : int . train tunnel . day . the past . the train exit a tunnel into bright strobing light . ext . overgrown driveway of katherine's house - afternoon Bright light pour through a jungle of tree and exotic plant . david make he way down the long overgrown drive . finally , a small weatherboard cottage come into view , its verandah wreathe in wisteria , jasmine and honeysuckle . ext . katherine's house . verandah - night a photograph of david be remove from a paper bag . it 's david at he best , supremely confident . katherine perfect ; I will treasure it until the day I die . david have finish eat dinner . katherine be you full ? david full as a goog , Katherine ; full as a goog . int . katherine's house - night David play the final bar of the appassionata . when he finish , he look to katherine in front of several photo on the mantel , lose in the past , move by he paly . katherine each time you play ' sospiro ' it express so completely the inexpressible . david be that good ? katherine ( sit next to he ) it 's divine . david inexpressibly divine . Katherine quite ! he start play again . david tell I a story , Katherine . what story be it today ? david watch she - eye close , head sway . katherine a new story - drop of water . david raindrop ? katherine yes , raindrop . david 's head sway as he play the passage . katherine listen . it 's the wind . cut to the verandah . moonlight filter through . david - ( v.o. ) the wind ! leave flutter across the ground branch sway david - ( v.0 . ) the stream Katherine - ( v.o. ) the river david - ( v.o. ) the ocean , Katherine ! int . katherine's house - day the photograph of david , now frame , be on the mantel . katherine 's voice you be krishna , Christ and dionysus . in you beauty , tenderness and strength the camera move towards the piano , where david be stoop over . we just see the top of he head until he lokos up and , we realize , year have pass . david be now a young adult . he scribbles the word of the poem onto a score , awed by they beauty as she continue to read . katherine ' to you , all this wild weed and wind flower of my life . I bring my lord and lay they at you foot . ' ext . katherine's house - night Wide shot . light burn warmly in the window of the old home . CUT to : the front door open and katherine see david out . david good night , Katherine . she kiss he warmly . he amble off , awkward as a puppy , into the night . Katherine good luck , David . int . concert hall - night stagehands carefully position the grand piano onstage . light and curtain be be set for a performance . cut to backstage , hand soak in a steaming bowl of water , next to it be a score of rachmaninov 's third . david warm he hand in the water , the poise and confidence of he young year go , replace by a shambling insecurity . he throw a nervous look around at the other contestant : a cellist warm up , a violinist pace , a contestant go over she score while another pianist , roger , 25 , warm up on a old upright piano in the corner . cut to the foyer . the audience assemble , wait to go in . a poster tell we the occasion be the ' ABC - national concerto competition ' . arrive amidst the fur and jewellery , peter be just another face in the crowd . something draw he attention : BEN rosen on the stair . he catch peter look . neither hid they contempt . rosen comment to he companion : rosen poor man 's Leopold mozart . CUT to : onstage . a piano cover be remove revealing gold letter : ' bosendorfer '. david be draw towards the grand piano , mesmerize by its magnificence . he circle it , oblivious to everything else . the sound of applause fade up announcer - ( v.o. ) that be out final contestant - int . katherine's house - night announcer - ( radio v.0. , continue ) David helfgott , who give a stir performof rachmaninov 's third concerto for piano in D minor katherine look at the frame photo of adolescent david katherine bravo , David . announcer - ( radio v.o. ) ( radio v.o. ) the judge will now confer . int . concert hall - night in the audience , peter be anxious as the jury confer . rosen observe he . backstage , the contestant assemble in readiness , wishing each other luck . a evnelope be hand to the announcer who adjust he bow - tie then step onto the stage . david shuffles nervously on the spot , stand next to roger , whose focus be on the stage . david it 's a tough game be not it , Roger ? roger a bloodsport . announcer lady and gentleman . peter lean forward in anticipation . announcer I be pleased to announce the winner of this year 's ABC National concerto competition be - Roger woodward . applause . peter 's face turn to stone . david well do , well do , Roger . the other contestant congratulate roger then he walk out onto the stage to a loud ovation . david watch from the wing as roger take he bow in the bright spotlight . int . katherine's house - day a frame photo of katherine 's father be on the mantel , amidst other include the one of david as a bright adolescent . david what be he like , Katherine ? she look up from she book . david you father . she put the book aside . katherine he be forever busy in he study . ' go away , kattie , I be write , ' he would always say . one day , I be very young , I get so annoyed I emptied the inkpot all over he desk and I scrawle on he work , page of it . when he see it he stand there seethe with anger ; I could feel it . David fill with dread . katherine ' what be you do ? ' he shout . it startles david , feed he own fear . katherine there be this terrible silence . I just stare at he and say , ' go away , daddy , I be write . ' David be suspend . katherine he run at I and pick I up , and cuddle I breathless . my first literary effort he always call it . silence . katherine see there 's something troubling david . katherine what be it ? ( no reply . ) David ? he extract a letter from he pocket . she take it and read it . katherine the Royal College of Music . a scholarship . David that 's marvelous ! david wo not cuddle I Katherine , oh no . he wring he hand full of anxiety . katherine he can not stop you , David . David such a angry lion . Katherine nonsense , he 's a pussycat . she hold he comfortingly and look into he uncertain eye to give he strength . katherine I will miss you . int . katherine's house - day Close - up - a small box which katherine take from the sideboard . katherine this be for my son but he leave home before I could give they to he . david open it and take out a exquisite pair of red fur-line kid glove . katherine you will need they . it get very , very cold in London . ext . country road - dusk a fiery red sky . david walk along , churn with anxiety . he stop and take the glove out of the gladstone bag he 's carry . he draw they on , then walk off leave the bag behind . int . helfgott house - night david enter quietly , make he way through the darkness . peter 's voice where have you be ? a table lam be switch on to reveal peter sit there . david I miss the train . peter 's eye glow with hostility . peter that prichard woman ! david go to move away . peter what be this ? the glove david 's wear . he take a backward step . peter what ? ( stands . ) look at I . look at I ! david have no choice . peter 's eye burn through he . peter David ? david slowly extract the letter , back away as peter read . peter you think you can just do as you please ? huh ? david I I want to go ; I be go . you can not stop I . a terrible silence . then peter come at david like a lumber bear . peter I be you father . you father ! who have do everything for you ; you cruel , callous boy ! david try uselessly to fend he off . david daddy - peter I be you father ! he slap david around the head , kock he glass off . david please daddy - peter stupid boy ! suzie run in and try to pull peter away . suzie no - peter give suzie a backhand . david it 's not suzie 's fault . david charge forward , crash peter into the wall . rachel ( racing in ) stop it ! stop it ! peter throw david across the room . margaret intervene . peter get out of the way ! he pick up a chair and throw it against the wall . ext . helfgott house - night rachel - ( v.o. ) ( scream ) no ! dog bark . neighbour ' light go on . int . helfgott house - night you want to go ? go! go on ! he have david in a headlock , choke he . they bang into the wall , lock together in a fierce struggle . the photo of the rabbi crash to the ground . Furniture be skittle - chess piece scattered . Rachel ( scream , in yiddish ) no! stop ! stop ! she bashes he arm with she fist try to get he to let go of david who can not breathe . margaret try to pull peter away . margaret I will get the police ! finally , peter let go of david who slump to the floor . peter he 's alright , leave he . catch he breath , he see he terrify family , only now register the horror of what have happen . silence . david fumble for he glass . he pick up the crumpled letter . peter David , be you alright ? be you ? peter approach , with remorse . peter come on , David . David I be old enough to make up my own mind . he back away , into the corridor . peter ( laugh ) he think he 's go to London . david I have be accept by the Royal College of Music . david be full of confusion . peter what do you think be go to happen to you in London ? david wipe he bloody nose , edge down the corridor . Peter David , listen to I . if you go , you will never be anybody ; 's son , the girl will lose a brother . be that what you want ? you want to destroy this family . david I be sorry , sorry - he open the door . rachel hold the girl , all cry . Peter if you love I you will stop this nonsense ; you will not step outside that door . do not make I do it ! david sorry peter David ! david step over the threshold . peter you will be punish for the rest of you life !! suzie david ! the door slam shut . ext . country road - night david run , in a sweat , on the road to katherine 's . the headlight of a car bear straight down on he . it blast its horn as it swerve around he . cut to a blaze fire in : ext . helfgott backyard - night Music score burn , school book , David 's clothes peter throw another pile on , stoke the flame . Burning in the fire be the scrapbook - image of young david surrender to the flame . ext . london - day ' the Royal College of Music ' - gold letter carve in stone above the entrance . adult david look up : we be back in the present . he absorb the impose building as he shuffles up the step . behind he , the magnificent dome of the Albert Hall . on the curb , gillian be get out of a taxi . when she look around , there 's no sign of david . int . rcom corridor . day - the present david shuffles along , past the practice room from where different instrument sound , merge into one another as david continue on he hourney , he face full of childish wonder . he hear something distinct a piano . he go to the source , a practice room at the enf of the corridor . he peer through the narrow glass panel , into : int . practice room . day - the present there 's a female student practice with she teacher . she notice the face at the door a moment before it duck out of sight . david sneak another impish look in the quickly retreat . again , he face slide into frame and retreat . as if by magic , when the face appear again , it 's no longer adult david , but the younger david , longer hair fall in ringlet around he face . int . practice room - day we be back in the past and there 's a elderly teacher in the practice room who look at he watch impatiently to make a point . parke bravo , David . now remind I why I be here . david ( enter ) sorry , Mr. parke , sorry . professor cecil parke be in he sixty . his leave arm hang limply by he side , crippled by a stroke . parke it 's fortunate I be a deeply forgive human be . david 's voice liszt be like that , be not he , a great humanitarian - not that I ever meet he , know he personallor anything but he have a respect for every live breathe creature ; so that be nice of he , be not it ? or so I read . ( plonk a book down . ) very improvisatorial , very sensual , Mr. parke . virtuosic . parke bacchanalian ! boldness of attack ! he bashes out chord with he one good arm . parke diablerie ! the Devil , David ! david whooaah , must not break the piano . parke liszt break plenty ! david right ! swept up , david bashes out some chord - parke stop he . parke ( quietly ) but you must play what 's on the page ; you be not liszt , remember . david not even slightly mozart . parke play ( with he good hand ) to demonstrate . parke come on , fill in for this useless arm of mine . David play the ' other hand ' . parke the note first , you interpretation come on top of they . david on top , yes . parke enjoy they play together . he like david . parke you agree , do you ? david oh yes , I always agree . parke be that wise ? david I do not know . be it ? they play on . david work the pedal ; he 's wear odd shoe , a black one and a brown one . parke do not forget , it 's on the page . david well yes , the note be , but not the feel , the emotion which be what I feel . parke you must not sacrifice everything to emotion . it 's a question of balance . david be that the question , Professor ? parke precisely . david I think so . int . rcom foyer - day a throng of student be go up the stair . david be come down the other way , bump into everyone . david sorry sorry , oop , beg pardon . you look lovely today , Sarah , simply beautiful . sarah thank you , David . david you too , muriel . male student ease up , helfgott . laughter ; david 's popular with they . registrar Mr. helfgott . you allowance cheque . two student - ashley and ROBERT - look on . ROBERT ( to ashley ) pay day . David ! they flank david as he head through the foyer . ROBERT you miss the bank . pity ! you will have to wait until tomorrow . david can not bank on the bank . ashley we know someone who will cash it , David . david do we Ashley ? do we really ? robert what be friend for ? as they exit to : ext . rcom - day david ' all you need be friend ' , whoahhh . it 's what the Beatles say . ashley ' Love ' dear David David yes , Ashley darling ? robert taxi ! int . soho strip club - night david cross to ashley and ROBERT with a tray full of drink , while a stripper bum and grind . they drink at david 's expense and puff on cigar , include david . ext . soho - night david walk along stuff he mouth with choclate and Coke , take in the sight . a transvestite with bright red-dy hair and make - up step out of a dorrway - ray . ray get a cigarette , love ? david a cigarette love - love a cigarette . he offer the packet . ray I be Ray . david Ray ? Ray ! raylene ! whooah , pleased to meet you . I be David , David helfgott . ridiculous ! ray light up the cigarette , then put a arm around david . ray you be very friendly , be not you David ? David friendly ? do you think so ? that 's very important be not it ? ray if you say so , sweetheart . he steer innocent david into a alleyway . ext . trafalgar square - sunrise Close - up : the bob face of a pigeon . it coo . david 's eye blink open . he see the pigeon and coo back . his face have trace of make - up on it . under he jacket he 's now wear the lurex vest we say of on ray . New angle . david be curl up under a massive statue of a lion ( which guard Nelson 's column ) . nearby a man hose away bird shit . Wide shot . david shuffles off in the early morning light , across the empty square . int / ext . upper window . rcom - day parke and another teacher , gordon viney , 50 , sip tea as they look out the window onto the street below . parke he have the most fantastic hand . viney not connect to anything above the sholder . they Pov . David hurry up some step in the College grounds . he drop music everywhere . parke he 's a little fragile . viney a chopinzee ! parke be not amused . parke I have see enough to suggest he can make the final of the concerto trial . viney and what have you see , cecil ? a gleam in parke ' eye . parke moment of genius . viney ( laugh , bemuse ) genius . oh really ! Pov below - david scramble chaotically after he music . int . rcom - day david hurry down the corridor . voice David ! he spin around to be meet by gillian walk towards he - we be back in the present . adult david look completely baffle . adult david gillian , what be you do here ? int . director' office . day - present ronald irwin - the director of the College - be a distinguished - look forty . he pour tea for gillian while david look at frame photo and various certificate on the wall , shuffle from one frame to another . irwin be he aware of what happen ? do he remember ? gillian ask he . irwin do you remember much from you student day , David ? david oh yes , yes absolutely . everything . well kind of , kind of ; or be it a bit of a blank , a bit of a scrabble , the piece miss - be that it ? gillian you be the only one that know that . david that 's right darling , the only one - gillian you be here . david I be , I be here , that 's right I be ; it seem to be true . be it true ? or be that just the way it be ? gillian the way what be , David ? david scrabble , darling . ( to irwin . ) it 's a tough game , be not it ? a bloodsport . gillian not quite . he mumble on as he turn back to the photo . gillian fill in the blank be what it 's all about , as you can see . irwin take in the mumble , stooping figure of david , find it hard to believe . irwin that performance he give for the concerto final , rachmaninov 's third . I will never forget it ; I doubt anyone could . David whooaahh Professor ! it 's a photo of parke - now Sir cecil parke . int . rcom corridor - day Doors burst open and young david tear down the corridor . we be back in the past . he slide to a stop in front of a notice : ' concerto medal finalist ( patron : h.m. the Queen mother ) ' . ' David helfgott ' be on the list of six pin on the notice board . ROBERT how on earth do we manage to make the final , dear David ? david - out of breath - can not believe it . ashley you be a conductor 's nightmare . david pull a ' nightmare ' face as he register he name on the list . david it 's true , it 's true . ROBERT what be we go to do ? david we be go to win , Ashley -robert . we be go to win ! int . practice room - day parke be you sure ? he take the rachmaninov concerto score from david . david I be never sure about anything , Mr. parke . parke the rach ' 3 ? it 's monumental . david a mountain ! the hardest piece you could everest play . a moment . parke dare to even consider it . parke no one 's ever be mad enough to attempt the rach ' 3 . david be I mad enough Professor ? be i? int . rcom corridor . day - the present student mill past adult david , gillian and the College director walk in the opposite direction . david 's voice ' the point be , I do not come to London to enjoy myself , get to concentrate ' int . rcom . same corridor . day - the past student clear a path for young david , bump past they , in a flap . david 's voice ' get to practice , Katherine ; there 's three important thing Mr. parke say : " work , work , work " ' david hurry from one door to the next , look into the practice room which be all occupy by student practice on the pianos room after room . david 's voice ' you see , I be to play in a very special competition and the winner get to play ath the Albert Hall before she highest royalness the Queen mum ' he arrive at a practice room door , the glass obscure by a jacket hang on the inside . he open the door and be back by the sight of two student in a embrace . david whooahh , a duet ! sorry . he shut the door , sit in the corridor and proceed to practice in he head . int / ext . piano store - day David 's voice ' so I buy a piano , how 's that Katherine ? ' david press he face against the window , look in at the exquisite range of grand and concert pianos . the end