" shiver " screenplay by David cronenberg shoot draft 1975 ext . starliner tower apartment complex -- morning starliner tower be see in ls through the windshield of a move car . the car approach the complex and stop near the main door of the West Tower . out of the car climb kresimir and benda svibe , a gawky newly wed young couple . kresimir elaborately open the door for benda , he new wife , and they walk with hand intertwined up the step of the West Tower . int . lobby -- morning as the sviben approach the main door , the doorman leap up from he chair beside the intercom switchboard and open the door for they . the doorman , like most security guard , do not look capable of handle a serious crisis . he be about fifty , of average height but slightly build , wear thick glass and seem almost embarrassed by the revolver on he hip . doorman Morning , folk . can I help you ? kresimir yes , please . I ... er , we ... be look for the rental agent here . we have a appointment . doorman ok , I will just give he a little buzz and he will come out and show you the way in . the doorman press a button on the intercom board . as he turn back to the sviben , he catch he holster on the board . doorman ( freeing holster ) darn thing . benda do you ever use that ? doorman this ? no , never even have it out of the holster . a rival company have them , so we gotta have them . just a advertising gimmick . int . annabelle's apartment -- morning Dr. emil Hobbes , a huge , florid , bearded man , be strangling annabelle horsefield . despite the difference in they size -- annabelle be tall and slender , about seventeen -- Hobbes be not have a easy time of it . Hobbes be wear overlarge blue jeans and a red plaid shirt ; annabelle be in a private girl ' school outfit -- white blouse , dark blue tie , blue knee sock , pleate gray skirt . annabelle fight back fiercely ; Hobbes have tear in he eye . the struggle take they all over she apartment , which , although sparsely furnish , present enough object in they way to cause a lot of crash around . at one point annabelle break loose and Hobbes have to chase she . annabelle slip and Hobbes manage to pin she to the ground , where he have the advantage of leverage . he strangle she quickly and with tremendous , crazy energy . blood ooze from she mouth . Hobbes place he hand over she mouth as though try to prevent she from speak , or to prevent something from leave she body . he reach over to he leather doctor 's bag , which have spill some of its content on to the floor , find a surgical clamp , and clamp annabelle 's lip together . he then pick up she body , carry it over to the dining - room table and sweep the few cup and bottle on it off on to the floor . he then place she body with great tenderness on the table and begin to undress it . int . lobby -- morning the doorman leave the sviben to open the door for the spergazzis , a elderly italian couple who both use aluminum , four-pronged cane to help they walk . the sviben watch the old couple as they enter and then glance at each other significantly -- ' we will be together when we be as old as they be . ' Mr. spergazzi tip he hat to the doorman , who open the inner door for he . as the spergazzis make they way shakily toward the elevator , Mr. merrick , the rental agent , appear from around a corner . he be slick , mustachioe , and wear a wide paisley tie . he extend he hand for a handshake even though he be still fifty foot from the inner door . the doorman keep the door open for he . doorman here 's Mr. merrick . he will take you on in . merrick ( ingratiatingly ) welcome to starliner tower . and you be ...? kresimir kresimir and benda svibe . merrick eh ? oh yes , of course . Mr. and Mrs. Sweden . come right this way . sorry to keep you wait . now , be we talk about one or two bedroom ? I assume we be not talk about bachelor , eh ? ha , ha . now , I have several floor plan all laid out for you , and all you have to do be take you choice and we will trot right on up there and take a look at them ... the three disappear around a corner . the doorman pull a harlequin nurse romance out of he jacket and sit down to continue read it . int . annabelle's apartment -- morning Hobbes tie a green surgical mask over he mouth and nose , snap on rubber glove . he turn to annabelle 's corpse on the dining - room table , leg hang over the edge , now naked -- the private girl ' school clothes in a heap on the floor . Hobbes take a scalpel from the top of the radiator where he have laid out he surgical instrument . he feel annabelle 's stomach until he have find what he want , then cut she open with one smooth , confident stroke of the scalpel . he then quickly douse the inside of she abdomen with some clear fluid in a squeeze bottle , light a wooden match , and drop it into she abdominal cavity . the corpse burst into flame . Hobbes step back to watch . tear spring into he eye . he pick up another scalpel and perfunctorily stick it into he neck . blood spurt into he mask and soak through to the other side . Hobbes sink to he knee before the blaze corpse and struggle to draw the scalpel through the tendon of he neck . int . rental office -- morning merrick and the sviben sit across from each other at a long table strewn with floor plan and map . the river which surround the complex can be see through the glass wall of the office . merrick tap one plan with he finger and slide it over to benda . merrick now you take a look at that one , Brenda , and tell I if it do not suit you down to the ground . that one have the big view , the panoramic view ... int . tudor' apartment -- morning in he bathroom , Nicholas tudor be clean he tooth with microscopic attention to detail use a elaborate compress - water device call a water - pick . tudor be thirty -nine , not happy with he work as a insurance appraiser , and have recently adopt a general air of terse , sullen desperation as he primary mood . his wife , janine , call to he from the kitchen , where she be just put the finish touch on breakfast . janine ( v.o. ) Breakfast be just about ready , Nick . tudor pointedly do not answer , but continue with the water - pick until he be completely satisfied . he carefully pack the machine away , then leave the bathroom . in the dining room , janine be put breakfast on the table . tudor sit down without a word and begin to eat . janine return to the kitchen and come back with a cup of coffee in each hand . she put one cup in front of tudor , sit down , start to drink the other one . after a pause , she speak . janine can I call you at the office ? tudor what do you want to call I at the office for ? janine I do not know . I just think I might want to call you . I do not know . tudor I will not be at the office except to sign in . ( he eat heartily , not look directly at janine ) I have get a lot of claim to check out . all over the place . garage and more garage . ( notice janine 's silence , he finally look up ) I will come home right after work . janine continue to toy with the food in she plate . she shrug once , as if to say , ' Big deal , so what ? ' tudor ignore she and finish breakfast . int . a hallway -- morning tudor leave he apartment , close the door behind he ( we see the number clearly ) . he walk down the hallway on automatic pilot , obviously preoccupy , turn the corner lead to the elevator without perceive what he be see . at the elevator he hesitates for a moment , then press the up button . when the door open , he step in . int . elevator -- morning in the elevator be merrick , the rental agent , and the sviben . merrick we be go up . tudor oh. well , I will go along for the ride . merrick ( after a pause , to the sviben , indicate the elevator ) Wood -grain panele , strong , silent , fireproof , fast , cushion ride . everything you could want in a elevator . nobody say another word until the door spring open and merrick , after a wink at tudor , hustle the sviben out of the elevator . as the door close , merrick 's voice float back to tudor . merrick ( v.o. ) notice how the entranceways to all the apartment be recess and individually light ... nope , it 's down that way , Brenda . that 's it ... recessed and individually light ... once the door have close , tudor press the button for the top floor . as the elevator ascend , he take out he wallet and remove a key from a zippere compartment . int . hallway -- morning tudor fit the key into the lock of annabelle 's apartment . he knock gently and then open the door . after a pause he step in and close the door behind he , not want to be see by anyone who might know he . int . annabelle's apartment -- morning as soon as he be inside the apartment , tudor know that something be seriously wrong . smoke hang in the air and the smell of burn flesh attack tudor 's nostril . he be on he way to the bedroom when he see Hobbes 's foot around the corner of the dining room . tudor approach the dining room with he hand over he nose and mouth . annabelle 's corpse be still smoking where it lie on the dining - room table . Hobbes 's body be twisted into the fetal position at the foot of the table , one hand still clutching the scalpel stick in its neck , the floor beneath it bright with blood . tudor wince as though stick with a pin . blink rapidly , he edge around the room until he angle of vision be such that he can see the head of the corpse on the table . it be definitely annabelle , eye still stare , surgical clip still attach to she lip , purple bruise on she neck . tudor turn , he body contracting around the pit of he stomach . after a moment he manage to straighten up and stagger from the apartment , have at least enough presence of mind to take he attaché case , which he leave by the door , and to close the door behind he . int . annabelle's apartment -- afternoon Dr. Roger St. luc , tall , thin , dark , not bad -look , stand over the table stare at the corpse of annabelle . as he watch , two ambulance man throw a sheet over she and begin to lift she down on to a stretcher on the floor . the voice of the superintendent of the building drift over to he from the other end of the apartment . super ( v.o. ) like I say to the police officer , he pay the rent , Dr. Hobbes do . and he come around and chatted a lot with everyone here , the staff , I mean . Nice guy . not a high and mighty type . but it be she name on the residency list and the buzzer board : annabelle ... what be it again ?... annabelle horsefield . she never complain about anything , not to I , anyway . the super , a small , unshaven , harass little man with a lot of energy , be talk to a large beefy detective who write everything down in a notebook . detective ( point to annabelle 's corpse , which be just be carry out the door ) and that be she . annabelle horse ... field . super Far as I know , yeah , that be she . the detective now turn to St. luc , who be crouch on the floor examine the chalk outline around where Hobbes 's body have lain . detective be that the man who call you up here ? super yeah , that 's Dr. St. luc . he 's the head of we little medical clinic here . detective Medical clinic ? super yeah . this be a island , you know ? take too long to get into the city . we gotta have everything right here or somebody complain . detective well , let 's go talk to you doctor . the detective walk over to St. luc and the super follow . St. luc rise to meet he . he be wear very informal summer clothes , a bit rumple . detective Dr. St. luc? detective - sergeant heller . I would like to ask you a few question . ST . luc ( obviously a bit daze by what he have be see ) sure . detective you be the one who find the body ? ST . luc yes . detective do you touch anything ? move anything before we get here ? ST . luc no , nothing . detective you know this people ? ST . luc I know the man , emil Hobbes , a doctor and a professor at university . I see the girl around the building but I do not know she . she never come to the clinic . detective so you just come up to visit this Hobbes and you find they like that ? ST . luc oh , no . I have not see Dr. Hobbes since I be in medical school . he teach I ... he be my prof in urology and ... I think he conduct a few seminar in psychopharmacology . that be it . I have no idea he would ever set foot in starliner tower until today . detective I see . then what bring you up here ? St. luc begin to pace about as he talk . ST . luc it be very strange . he call I at six this morning . Hobbes call I . I think I be dream . I have not hear that voice for so long . he tell I who it be , then he say something like , ' meet I at apartment 1208 at noon . I want you to go out for lunch with I . it 's time you further you education . ' then he laugh and hang up . I go back to sleep . he call I again at eight to remind I to come . detective how do he sound this time ? be he nervous ? depress ? ST . luc he sound fine . the telephone ring . the super , who have be fiddling with a window with a crack pane of glass , grab the phone instinctively without look at the detective , who probably would have answer it himself . super ( pause ) who ? no , that 's not I . you get the wrong guy . just a sec . ( look up at St. luc and hold out the phone to he ) it 's for you . somebody want to know how come you do not show up for lunch . the detective look suspiciously at St. luc , who simply look daze . int . rollo linsky' laboratory -- afternoon next to a shallow porcelain tray full of immense and grotesque marine worm specimen lie a large parcel wrap in brown paper . rollo 's plump finger eagerly open the package to reveal a large variety of delicatess sandwich and accessory . rollo offer some to St. luc while stuff one in he own mouth . there be coke and old coffee everywhere , plus mustard , relish , and ketchup dispenser of all kind . rollo and St. luc sit around rollo 's desk , a very sleek metal affair . rollo 's lab itself be a combination of modern office and biology room in a museum of natural history . specimen of all kind , in bottle and case , mount on glass and wood , float in preservative bath , be everywhere . there be also a few cage of live insect , moldy aquaria and lab culture in various stage of neglect . there be also clipping from magazine and newspaper sport furious underlining and circling in red ink which be stick to wall , door , bookshelve . despite the potential for chaos , however , there be a underlying order which reflect rollo 's own real discipline , which be not always immediately apparent . and the microscope and glass slide , the stainless - steel gynecological table complete with stirrup , metal drug and instrument cabinet , etc. , be spotless and in good shape . rollo be rotund , soft -face , and a manic-depressive . in he manic phase he be a joker and a elbow - nudger , and he general style , even when discuss medical matter in medical jargon , be broad North - american jewish . in he depressive phase , he become a sullen kid who have a oddly sinister aspect to he character . rollo detach himself from he baby beef in order to comment on the food that , not so secretly , he love best of all . rollo not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes would have laid on you , rog , but it 's all I get , and ... ( place hand on heart , lean over confidentially ) ... all I get I share with you . go ahead . take all you want . ST . luc you touch my spleen , rollo . ( they giggle at a old medical - school reference ) and here all the time I be think -- if I ever bother to think about the good old day -- well , at least there 's rollo . he 's in vd and he 's happy . rollo I be still a vd man under the skin , rog . you know I . I be a down - to- earth kinda guy , right ? ST . luc well , at least you still talk the same . rollo so who change ? ST . luc but you give up you private practice . suddenly you be into pure research and you ... you be what , a parasitologist ? rollo that be my father 's idea ... private practice . he want to set I up -- I could not say no . but he 's dead now . and I , I be still a snoop , I gotta do research . look at that beautiful stuff ... ( gesture everywhere ) ... lookit it ! he jam a final piece of sandwich into he mouth and jump to he foot , smile broadly . rollo ( with great enthusiasm , indicate the entire lab ) this be the ' satyr 's tongue ' ! he pull a book off a shelf with a bookmark in it . he open the book at the mark page and hand it to St. luc. as St. luc look at the picture of a satyr with he tongue hang out and read the brief note on how medieval alchemist think the ground - up tongue of the satyr could cure any disease , rollo continue to talk . rollo the note include a warning against swallow the tongue whole , but we do not see the rest of this caution . ' satyr 's tongue ' be Hobbes 's code name for we project . what we be try to do be to find a alternative to organ transplant . as rollo speak , he walk all over the place , pick up and discard various chart , specimen , bottled and disease human organ , etc . as he move around , we catch glimpsis of letrasetted sign that rollo have tack up : ' sex be the invention of a clever venereal disease -- Hobbes ' ; ' Dr. Hobbes 's prescription : starve a fever , feed a obsession ' ; ' the road of excess lead to knowledge ' ; plus several picture of satyr with they tongue stick out , be cut off by alchemist , etc . rollo I know . you be bored already . transplant be yesterday 's kishkas , right ? ST . luc ( shaking he head in protest ) do I say anything ? rollo ( excited , wave specimen of parasite and disease organ around ) look . you get man , you get parasite that live in , on , and around man . now . why not breed a parasite that do something useful ? eh ? why not breed a parasite capable of take over the function of any one of a bunch of human organ ? why not , for example , a parasite live in the human abdominal cavity that plug into the circulatory system and filter the blood like a kidney ? if it take a little blood for itself , so what ? be generous ! you can afford it . he be now in full flight . he lean over St. luc and begin to demonstrate what he say by draw thing on St. luc 's stomach with he finger . St. luc can not hide he amusement . rollo you put the bug into the body of a man with a disease kidney , the bug attack the bad kidney , dissolves it , it 's assimilate by the body , and now you get a perfectly good parasite where you use to have a rotten kidney . I know what you be gonna say . you be gonna say it 's crazy . ST. luc ( laugh ) it 's crazy . rollo throw himself back into he chair and grab a pickle . rollo right . it 's crazy . but here 's the beauty part . ready ? ( lean forward for emphasis ) who care ? ST . luc I do not get it . rollo you know and I know that Hobbes be a lousy teacher , eh? lousy . dry , academic , afraid of woman , lousy . but he be always a genius at one thing -- get grant . could he get grant for crazy project ? St. luc be about to say something , but rollo answer he own rhetorical question with a flip of the hand , effectively silencing St. luc . rollo you know who pay the rent here ? eh? the Northern hemisphere organ transplant Society . and that 's for something that 's suppose to put they outta business . and they be not the only one . we get grant money come out of we ear . he leap up again and pull a sheaf of reprint from medical journal like the Journal of venereal Disease , etc . he shove they under St. luc 's nose , then grab a jar with a disintegrate octopus - like creature in it and a sandwich at the same time . he smack down the sandwich in front of St. luc by mistake , then retrieve it and substitute the jar with the specimen . St. luc sift through the papers and glance at the specimen . as St. luc look at the papers , rollo breathes heavily down he neck and point out thing of interest . rollo see ? there ? you take a little of this ... that 's a very rare venereal disease you get in the nomadic crinua people , Northeast Asia and Japan . ( point to a sexy picture of a japanese lady in heat ) oo . that one 's get it bad . they call it batinh . that mean ' kiss ' or ' caress . ' when you get it it make you lip itchy , ya wanta kiss everything . I even have it once . I always get everything at least once so I know what the patient 's talk about . ( he laugh but he 's serious ) and there ... you take a little of that ... that 's beautiful , be not it ? that 's flexipes , the world 's only cephalopod parasite . ( indicate the jar ) that 's he right there . not a very good specimen . relate to squid and octopus . see ? he life in the gut of whale and big dolphin . ( wiggle a finger at the specimen ) ya like them big and hot and wet , do not ya ? yeah . he walk away from the desk . his manner be now more subdued and reflective . it seem as though everything he say provoke a dozen unspoken thought . his depressive phase be beginning . rollo we do not do it all here , we send out to have tricky stuff do ... the cell fusion , enucleation , chromosomal fission , all that fancy close work . rollo sigh heavily . St. luc gently shove all the papers aside . ST . luc rollo , how come Hobbes kill himself ? rollo toy with the gynecological examination table , slide the stirrup in and out on they adjustment bar . rollo ( shrugging ) funny in the head . High suicide rate in the medical profession . too much body , alla time body , body . he now get close to St. luc , put a arm around he shoulder . rollo rog , I gotta talk serious to you . really . listen . ya listen ? ok . I want you to come into this with I . to tell the honest - to - God truth , I be lonely . ( begin to pace around again ) all Hobbes ever do be run around get money and phone I in the middle of the night . he want you in anyway . that 's why we be gonna get together , the three of we . we would have enough to keep we go for at least five year , even with inflation . ST . luc ( a bit uncomfortable be put on the spot ) rollo , you know I . once a gp , always a gp . rollo ( almost angrily ) you want to help sick people for the rest of you life ? God forbid I should talk you out of it . ST . luc you oughta be careful yourself . might end up cut you throat . rollo it be woman do it to Hobbes . could not handle they . that girl , that annabelle -- talk about crazy project . ST . luc who be she ? rollo ( reluctant to talk ) aw , he meet she when he be lecture at some private girl ' school . they catch he examine she little tit for breast cancer in the faculty lounge . she be twelve . do not ask . it be craziness , believe I . ( indicate the gynecological table ) they use to come here sometimes . ( shake he head ) do not ask . he start to run down like a spring - wound toy at the end of its run . he glance at a picture of annabelle stick in a corner , which St. luc just notice for the first time . rollo I will never really understand how he could do what he do to she . St. luc look at he watch and get up out of he chair for the first time . ST . luc well , rollo linsky ... I gotta go open up the store . it 's be great to see you again . he move toward the door . rollo trail after he , head down , obviously deject . rollo yeah , sure . they shake hand . St. luc have to open the door himself -- rollo be really preoccupy . finally he look St. luc in the eye . rollo but you will think about what I say about work together , huh ? ST. luc ok . I will think about it . rollo manage a smile . St. luc leave , close the door behind he . int . tudor' apartment -- morning in he bathroom , Nick tudor clean he tooth with the water - pick as usual . the sound of janine bustling about with breakfast filter into the bathroom . tudor hum tunelessly . suddenly , he double over in a soundless spasm of pain . the water - pick writhes in the sink , shoot water on to the mirror and over the floor . after a moment he straighten up and begin to press around the area of he navel , obviously look for lump which it seem -- from he expression -- he have already find and be overly familiar with . the water - pick continue to rattle around in the sink . janine poke she head around the corner to investigate . tudor try to cover up , grab the water - pick , and begin to work on he tooth again , hide the occasional twinge that hit he . janine you say something ? tudor nope . damned thing wriggle out of my hand . that 's all . janine wait for tudor to say something else . he ignore she . janine ( after a pause ) you sure you be ok , Nick ? tudor continue to ignore she . janine sigh in a very obvious way and disappear . tudor wait for a second , turn off the water - pick , then check out he stomach again . int . women' sauna -- afternoon janine sit in the middle of a bench , towel around she head and middle . next to she sit bett , who be in she early forty , attractive in a tough kind of way , and wear she hair short for efficiency 's sake . in she relationship with janine she play the role of tough , worldly older sister . she have the poise and confidence of a woman who have create she own success and position in life , a mark contrast to the neurotic vivacity of janine , who be ten year she junior and have never know independence . they be both watch by the only other occupant of the sauna , benda svibe , now a full - fledge resident of starliner tower . she be huddle in a corner , very shy and look particularly thin , mousy , and ineffectual in the presence of the other two full - body woman . bett be in the middle of give janine advice about tudor 's disease . bett ... probably nothing at all . it 's probably just a bunch of , I do not know , fatty cyst . you can have they remove in a doctor 's office . have Nick see a doctor ? janine he hate doctor . doctor and lawyer . he never go to doctor . bett well , look . how 's this ? you go on down to the clinic and tell that nice Dr. St. luc ... ( pause to work it out ) ... you tell he that Nick 's ill , he 's get this lump , and he can not get out of bed . tell he to come when you be sure Nick will be home . and do not tell Nick anything . let the two of they fight it out . janine ( not displease with the idea ) he will be really mad . bett ( with a conspiratorial smile ) so ? you will find out what 's wrong and then you will be able to relax a little bit . let he be the uptight one for a change . she stretch out full length on the bench , she toe bump benda 's thigh . bett notice benda for the first time . bett ( to benda ) oops , sorry . hi. have not see you here before , have I ? benda draw she towel around she , wide - eye , completely intimidate by bett . she manage a nervous smile . int . tudor' office -- afternoon tudor 's secretary , a lumpy and motherly lady name Mrs. wheatley -- she have a nameplate on she desk -- be shuffle some papers when the telephone ring . her small cubicle of a office be append to tudor 's only slightly larger office in a huge downtown office building . the door lead to tudor 's office be close . mrs . wheatley ashen &amp ; gaunt , insurance appraisal . Mr. tudor ? one moment , please . I will buzz he . she place the caller on ' hold ' and press the inter-office buzzer . she direct she attention for a moment to the papers on she desk . when , after a pause , she notice that tudor have not answer the phone , she release the caller from ' hold ' and pick up the receiver . mrs . wheatley I be sorry to keep you wait . I will put you on ' hold ' again and see if I can find Mr. tudor . Mrs. wheatley push the ' hold ' button and get out of she chair . she knock gently on the door . mrs . wheatley Nicholas ? there 's a call for you . perplex by tudor 's failure to respond , Mrs. wheatley gingerly open the door . mrs . wheatley Nicholas ? it 's that man whose lamborghini catch fire on St. Catherine Street and burn to the ground . he 's very angry ... she catch a glimpse of tudor roll around on the floor behind he desk , he swivel chair tip over on to its side . mrs . wheatley Nicholas ! what happen ? she rush over to tudor and help he to he foot . tudor be breathe heavily and have to support himself by lean on the desk while Mrs. wheatley straighten up the chair for he . tudor collapse into the chair , mumble and roll he head from side to side . Mrs. wheatley pull a kleenex from she sleeve and dab away a small trickle of blood come from one corner of tudor 's mouth . mrs . wheatley we be go to get you to a hospital . that 's what we be go to do . tudor ( beginning to come around ) no , no . I will be all right . I be all right . Mrs. wheatley show tudor the spot of blood on she kleenex . mrs . wheatley do you see this ? this be blood . it come from you inside . that mean it 's serious . probably a ulcer . you executive be all the same . tudor shove she hand away and sit straight at he desk , still pretty wobbly . mrs . wheatley ( smoothing the hair back from tudor 's forehead in a very motherly fashion ) now , Nicholas , it do not cost anything to be sure everything 's all right . I think you should definitely go to the emergency ward and ... tudor ( abruptly , swiveling away from Mrs. wheatley 's hand ) call I a cab , will you please , mona ? I be go home for the day . mrs . wheatley Nicholas , I think ... tudor I do not care what you think . please call I a cab . now . Mrs. wheatley step away from the desk , obviously hurt by tudor 's brusqueness . mrs . wheatley ( mollifyingly ) all right , Nicholas . all right . she leave , close the door behind she . tudor sigh , take a deep breath . he be suddenly hit by another twinge of pain . he clutches he stomach . blood trickle out of the corner of he mouth . after a pause , he lick the blood off he lip with the tip of he tongue . int . clinic reception at starliner tower -- afternoon the starliner tower Medical Clinic be small but complete . Dr. St. luc and he nurse , forsythe , be back up by a secretary - receptionist who sit behind a desk surround by filing cabinet at the end of the hallway which serve as reception area . there be chair line up against one wall , flanke by coffee table pile high with the traditional two - year - old magazine . Three or four people sit wait to see St. luc , among they the aging but sprightly Mr. parkin and janine tudor . parkin , who consider himself something of a lady ' man , be talk to janine when St. luc appear and look at the list of patient who have sign in . parkin ... and this kriedler seem to think that mega-vitamin therapy may be the answer to the question of aging . that 's not to suggest that the aging process be in any way reversible -- I do not think for a minute that it be -- but it may be stoppable , and that 's where mega-vitamin come in ... St. luc gesture to janine to follow he into he office . janine get up , excuse herself to Mr. parkin . janine Excuse I , Brad . gotta go . she follow St. luc into he office . he close the door behind she . int . taxicab -- afternoon the cab carry tudor pull up at the main door of the tower . tudor , still a bit unsteady , sign a chit for the driver and get out of the car . int . lobby -- afternoon the doorman open both door for tudor as he enter the building . doorman afternoon , Mr. tudor . int . ST . luc' office -- afternoon janine sit opposite St. luc , who have a file open before he on he desk . ST . luc well , there 's certainly nothing here in this check - up I do for you husband 's company last year . blood pressure a touch high , cholesterol count nice and low ... ( look janine in the eye ) I just can not see cancer develop that fast , janine , not the way you have describe it . could be swollen gland or something , I do not know . janine ( a bit relieved but still tense ) you will come up and take a look at he ? ST. luc ( stand up ) if he can not make it down here ... sure . that 's what I be here for . but it will not be until , oh ... ( check he watch ) ...9.30 , say 10.00 . ok ? not too late ? janine smile and shake she head . just gotta have time to put the clinic to bed for the night and grab some supper . janine that 's great , Doctor . thanks . janine get up , open the door to the reception area , and leave , close the door behind she . St. luc keep stare at tudor 's file , shift something from one side of the folder to the other . something bother he . the door to one of the examination room open and forsythe pop she head around the corner . forsythe Mrs. ementhal 's ready and wait , Doctor . ST . luc mm? ok . be with you in a sec . forsythe disappear . St. luc study tudor 's file . int . tudor' apartment -- late afternoon tudor enter he apartment and throw he jacket and attaché case on to a chair . he loosen he tie and make himself a drink , then sit down on the sofa and switch on the tv set . after only a short moment of relative calm , tudor suddenly contract into the fetal position , spilling he drink on to the floor . he roll on to the floor , eye stare out of he head , mouth open and close like that of a fish out of water , tendon in he neck bulg with tension . he soon manage to struggle to he foot , the primary spasm of pain apparently over . he keep both hand clamp over he mouth as though in a vain attempt to forestall a bout of vomit and stumble into the bathroom . once in the bathroom , tudor throw himself over the side of the bathtub , knee on the bath mat , head well down into the tub itself . he gag and vomit into the tub and collapse , exhaust , on the floor , mouth bloody . in the tub , a trail of blood - streak slime lead into the drain . int . reception area -- late afternoon forsythe come out to the reception area from a examination room , check out the patient list , and beckon to Mr. parkin . forsythe I be ready for you now , Brad . parkin get up and follow forsythe into one of the examination room . int . examination room -- late afternoon once inside the examination room , forsythe close the door and hand parkin a hospital tunic . forsythe now , you just take off all you clothes , put this on , and hop up on to the table over there , ok ? Doctor will be in to see you in a few minute . parkin ( as forsythe begin to leave ) you do not have to go . I be not shy . forsythe do not be a tease , Brad . I be still work , you know . forsythe leave . parkin chuckle to himself -- ' still life in the old boy yet ' kind of feel -- and begin to undress . int . tudor' live room -- night tudor stagger into the live room from the bathroom , wiping he mouth with a facecloth . he sit down on a chair face the slide glass door which lead to the apartment 's balcony . he breathes heavily , gasp for air . his expression be a daze one and he mumble incoherently . after a moment 's rest he rise , open the glass door , and step out on to the balcony . ext . tudor' balcony -- night tudor hang on to the railing of the narrow concrete balcony , gulp down the air , scan the light of the tower opposite . suddenly the muscle of he neck go tense again , he mouth seem to gape open at the extreme limit impose by muscle and jawbone , he hand fly up to he mouth in a attempt to keep down whatever be about to come up . hanging over the railing of the balcony like a ocean traveler in a rough sea , tudor finally give up the struggle and hang on for dear life as he retch , gag , moan , and finally vomit . ext . ground below tudor' balcony -- night two elderly woman , vi and olive , be take a leisurely evening stroll at the base of tudor 's tower . they both hold small transparent umbrella over they head and walk gingerly along the path border the lawn . suddenly the liquid , fleshy thwack of the parasite vomit by tudor from high above hit one of the umbrella be hear . a large splotch of blood spatter the first lady 's umbrella just off center , as though it have be hit by a heavy , blood -soak sponge . the force of the blow almost twist the umbrella from the first lady 's frail hand , and she give a little cry of surprise . her companion extend a hand to help the first lady keep she balance , then give a slightly more startle cry when she see the blood . the first lady examine she umbrella as well , but do not react with such surprise . first lady ( examine the bloody umbrella ) aw. poor birdie . they be always crash into tall building . it 's such a shame , such a shame . the window fool they , you know . the creature , the second parasite to emerge from tudor 's body , lie in the grass , away from the bright cone of light throw by the tower 's lawn lamp . we can barely make out its bloody , twitching form . Beyond the parasite be a basement window through which be visible a large laundry room complete with washer and dryer . the window have be propped open a couple of inch by a bar of laundry soap . the first lady make a move to find the injure creature , but she companion tighten she grip on the old lady 's arm . companion come along , olive . first lady oh , vi ! maybe the poor thing 's just be hurt . maybe we should look for he ! companion ( pull olive along ) do not be silly , dear . it 's in heaven now , whatever it be . wo not help at all for you to get into a fuss and muddle over it . now come along and let 's finish up we little evening stroll and get you tuck up in bed in front of the color tv . the two woman walk off down the path , vi 's voice fade away in the shadow . companion you know what a restless night you have if you do not get you two hour of color tv , dear , so let 's bustle along and get we walk over with , shall we ...? int . ST . luc' examination room -- night St. luc be examine Mr. parkin . parkin sit on the examination table with the hospital tunic on . St. luc press gently around parkin ' abdomen in the area of the navel . parkin ow ! better take it easy . there 's a lot of pressure in there ! St. luc stop press and take up he stethoscope . he begin to percuss the old man 's abdomen . parkin want I to breathe deeply ? ST . luc just breathe normally . St. luc finish percuss , remove the stethoscope from he ear , and stand back thoughtfully . parkin ( confidentially ) good shape for a old man , eh ? ST. luc ( after a pause ) Mr. parkin , what make you think you catch this lump of yours from a young lady ? parkin she have a couple just like they . right here near she belly button . you could push them around . I think they be kinda sexy , myself . ST . luc do not she ever have this lump look at by a doctor ? parkin ( shrug ) do not seem worried about they . ST . luc be this girl from starliner tower ? parkin yep . she live in 1208 . but we usually go to my place . bigger liquor cabinet , bigger bed . ( chuckle , then get serious ) she be go when I get back from my last Florida trip . too bad . have a beautiful tan . ( smile again ) must have go home to mother . ST . luc be she name annabelle horsefield ? parkin that 's the one . St. luc sit down at the counter beneath the medicine cabinet and begin to write in parkin ' file . ST . luc ok , you can get dress now , Mr. parkin . the old man begin to put he shirt and tie back on . ST. luc ( hand parkin a slip of paper ) I be go to send you to the hospital to have a few x- ray take . I want to find out exactly what you be hide in there , ok ? give they this . the address be right there under radiology . parkin gonna cut I open ? ST . luc well , let 's wait for the x-ray . parkin use to know a doctor who say he get to know he patient better than they wife do . ( chuckle ) cut a man open sure do expose more of he than pull down he pants , gotta admit that . St. luc smile politely , he mind obviously elsewhere . int . laundry room -- night a bar of laundry soap prop open the window of the laundry room . the presence of the wounded parasite be indicate only by the glisten slime trail which streak the section of wall immediately below the window . the hand of a old woman , pucker and wrinkle from many hour submerge in hot soapy water , reach up , and yank the bar of soap out of the jaw of the window . the window swing shut . the woman 's hand slide the bolt home , lock the window from the inside . the old woman be short , dumpy , puffy - face , in she late sixty . her hair be carelessly tie in a bun on top of she head . she sniffles , shake she head , turn away from the window , and walk across the room to the long bank of washer and dryer . as she walk she have to thread she way among the dozen or so shopping bag full of dirty laundry -- against apartment regulation , she take in outsider ' laundry -- which she have bring down the elevator with she . she flip open the top of the first washer and begin to dig clothes out of the nearest shopping bag . from above and behind the washer , we watch she fill the machine and reach into the front of she dress , which be black and fray . after feel around for a few second , she pull out a plastic bag fill with white granulate detergent . she dump some of this into the washer , find the appropriate coin in the pocket of she dress , and start the machine . she watch it for a second to make sure it 's work properly , then put the plastic bag back where she find it . she pick up the bag she have almost emptied and shuffles in she rag slipper to the next washer . she stop in front of it and put down the bag . the old woman notice a slimy streak near the open hole of the washer . she grimace , grab a sock from the bag and clean off the top of the washer with it . she toss the sock into the washer and lean over the hole , try to see inside . the parasite which have be lurking in the washer suddenly spring from the open on to the old woman 's face , sucker on to she flesh with its stubby tentacles . she shriek and grab at the creature with both hand , try to pull it off . she stumble back from the washer and begin to trip over various shopping bag . finally she go down amidst she laundry , thrashing and spilling clothes out everywhere . int . starliner tower grocery store -- night in the grocery store build into the base of one of the tower , janine flip through some magazine , finally buy a vogue . she stop to look at several shelf of various kind of food , pick up this and that , but somehow the think of cooking or even eat repulse she , and she leave without buy anything but the magazine . int . hallway -- night janine walk along a hallway , stop at a door , knock gently , and then open the door and walk in , obviously very familiar with the occupant . int . bett ' apartment -- night janine enter bett ' apartment . bett be sit cross -legge in leotard on the broadloom , a number of very large black - and - white photograph spread out in front of she . as she speak to janine , she arrange and rearrange they . other equipment and graphic of various kind stick on wall , hide in corner and lie on chair and table suggest that bett be in advertising and commercial graphic . janine stand halfway in the door . janine hi . bett hi. want a drink ? janine no thanks . just want to tell you that Dr. St. luc be come up to see Nick at ten or so . bett be he nice to you ? janine nod . bett good. well ... ( take a sip from a glass on the floor next to she ) I have order in some vrai cuisine française from Jean - phillipe at the côte d' azur restaurant . escargot in garlic butter ... the work . they have lovely strong delivery boy who fight they way through sleet and hail and the gloom of night just to bring I my coq au vin . and after Dr. St. luc have tell you that there 's nothing wrong with Nick that a vacation will not cure , and if Nick fall asleep early again , you just come on back here for company and a late supper . you hear I ? janine nod . bett now , I mean it . I always order enough for two and I will just get fat and lonely if you do not show up . janine wiggle she finger goodbye and leave . int . hallway -- night janine walk down the hallway to she apartment , she vogue roll up under she arm . she open the door to she apartment -- it 's not lock -- and go in . a moment after she 's go and close the door , two child about ten year old appear around a corner , giggle and jostling each other . they approach tudor 's apartment . girl c'mon , let 's smoke one of the cigarettes right now . you father will never miss it . boy I can not , dummy . he will see that the pack 's be open . you be such a dumbhead . girl ok , then . I be gonna go back to the store and buy my own pack and smoke them all myself . boy buy them with what , dumbhead ? girl ( flipping open a milk box ) with some milk jug I just happen to pick up on the way home . the first box she try be empty . she advance to the next and the next , finally find one that have a jug in it . she take it and advance to tudor 's box , jug swinging , companion trail after she in admiration . she stop at tudor 's milk box and flick the door open . she look inside , just about to reach for the jug that nestle back in the shadow . ugh ! what 's that ? the boy take a look . Inside the box a third parasite can just be see cling to a three - quart white plastic milk jug . the jug be smear with blood . the box 's inside door be ajar . the tv set can be hear from inside the apartment . boy I dunno . guess the milk go bad . ( shrug ) it 's still worth money . the girl hesitates for a second . suddenly the parasite twitches around to the front of the jug . the girl , startle , slam the box door shut . girl Jesus ! boy let 's get outta here before somebody hear we ! the child run off down the hallway together . after a few second , the box door be nudge open again from the inside . int . tudor' apartment -- night janine sit down in front of the tv set . after a moment or two she get up , turn the set off , and flop back down on the sofa with she vogue . she do not notice a trail of bloody slime lead from the bedroom to the inside door of the milk box . in the bedroom , a hand reach down and pull back a bedsheet to reveal a naked abdomen . it be tudor 's abdomen , and he reach out with tremble finger to touch a lump the size of a chicken egg stretch the skin to one side of he navel . tudor watch the lump in the mute light of he bedroom . he gradually extend he hand toward the lump , which disappear the instant it 's touch . tudor ( delirious , voice strain , whisper ) come here , boy . here , boy , here . he tap and scratch the skin near he navel , as though try to lure a cat into attack he finger . he be propped up in bed , sweat profusely , half - dress . he look weak and drain , but still manage to smile with maniacal intensity , he eye wide and bright . tudor come on , fella . thataboy . you and I , we be gonna be friend , be not we ? we can now see that the sheet be twisted , the pillow half off the bed . tudor begin drum on he abdomen . gradually , cautiously , the lump under tudor 's skin return . he try to seize the lump with he finger and it shrink back , almost disappear into he abdominal cavity again . tudor seem disappointed . tudor no , no , no . do not run away , boy . I be not go to hurt you . not go to hurt you . we be go to be friend . Friends . the lump return again . gently , tudor begin stroking it . the lump seem to respond by pulsing slightly , the rhythm strangely masturbatory . tudor ( soothingly ) attaboy . ( close he eye in bliss and smile again ) attaboy . in the live room , janine suddenly realize that if the tv set be on , Nick must be home . she get to she foot and walk to the bedroom . Inside the bedroom , we see the door open . Light flood the room as janine enter . janine see tudor sprawle out on the bed . janine Nick ? I do not know you be home . what 's wrong ? what be you do ? you be almost fall out of bed . how be you feel ? tudor twist around to see who have speak , eye wide but now unsmile . with the same motion , he pull the cover over he abdomen to hide the lump from janine . janine stand at the bedroom door for a instant , then approach the bedside . she move as though she hand be tie at she side , as though she be quite consciously hold herself together . janine ( tenderly , but with caution , as though expect a blow ) Nick , do you stomach hurt ? can I see that bump on you tummy , can I ? she reach out to pull back the cover again , but he roll away from she . tudor go away . leave I alone . janine straighten up . her hand come up to she face and tear well up in she eye . janine ( frustrated ) oh , why will not you let I help you ? she turn and walk angrily out of the room , slamm the door behind she . tudor roll over slowly on to he back , eye wide and shine , smile again . tudor ( murmure ) attaboy , attaboy . int . examination room -- night St. luc be examine a very pretty young girl who sit on the examination table in a hospital tunic . ST . luc ok , dotty . everything else seem to be fine . now if it give you any trouble at all , any sharp pain , any unusual discharge , you come and see I right away . they can be tricky sometimes . dotty nod . ok , you can get dress . we be all through . the girl start to get dress . St. luc scribbles something in she file and then take it with he into the adjoin office , close the door behind he . int . ST . luc' office -- night St. luc sit at he desk and open parkin ' file . forsythe , about twenty - three , earthy and humorous , come in with a armful of papers and record , which she throw in group on to St. luc 's desk . forsythe ( distribute papers ) ok , Roger . here 's the stuff you want . file on horsefield , tudor , swinburne , and velakofsky . paper publish by Hobbes , linsky , and lefebvre in a couple of issue of the bulletin of the canadian Medical Association and also the Journal of the american Medical Association . and , as a add extra , a couple of odd and end from the file I help compile before you time here , Doctor . I think they might interest you . ST . luc that 's great , forsythe , great . thanks . forsythe do I get a kiss ? St. luc be absorb in he papers and do not respond . forsythe prod he shoulder . he look up at she . forsythe kiss , kiss ? ST . luc uh , ok . sure . they kiss , St. luc make sure that it do not get too heavy . forsythe another kiss ? ST . luc c'mon , forsythe . be there any more on the list ? forsythe no . dotty 's the last . the telephone ring . St. luc pick it up . ST . luc yes ? rollo ( v.o. ) that you , rog ? ST. luc ( not recognize the voice ) yes ? rollo ( v.o. ) it 's I , rollo linsky . remember I ? ST . luc rollo ! how 'sa boy ? I be just think about you . realizing that the conversation be likely to be a long one , forsythe get off the desk and walk over to a metal locker in the corner , which she open . Inside be she street clothes . she begin to take off she nurse 's uniform in full view of St. luc , not be obvious about the distraction she 's provide , but not take pain to hurry dress or be modest either . in the scene that follow we cut among three basic thing : rollo in he lab , talk and eat ; St. luc in he office , watch forsythe get undress and then dress ; and Hobbes 's note and scribbling , which do not necessarily have to be on the screen long enough to be completely read . Hobbes 's note be there more to convince the viewer that they exist and to provide flavor than to transfer information . ST . luc be glance at some of you publication on you work with Hobbes . int . rollo' lab -- night in he lab , rollo sit at the gynecological table abandon by Hobbes . rollo be use it as a auxiliary desk . on the table be several open wax - paper package of beef knish and accessory . there be also several old cardboard shoebox , some still tie with string , some open and overflow with papers of all kind : Hobbes 's private note . rollo ( eat a knish ) yeah , well , I be flatter , but you will not find any real meat in they . ST. luc ( v.o. ) no ? how come ? rollo ( shuffle papers ) listen , rog . I know Hobbes be funny , you know ? I tell you that . but I do not really know just how funny he be . see ... when he kick off , they send all the personal secret stuff they find to he mother -- she 's still alive but just barely -- and she send everything she think be medical to I here at the lab . I be Hobbes 's partner , right ? ( laugh sardonically ) anyway , I have be go through he papers , and what they add up to be this : Hobbes be shafting we all , I , the university , the foundation and the council , the private lab , everybody . we never really know what it be we be work on . Hobbes give we each a few crumb , but he be the only one who know what the whole loaf would look like . int . ST . luc' office -- night St. luc watch as forsythe roll she stocking down . he shuffles through Hobbes 's publication . ST . luc ok , I bite . what do it look like ? int . rollo' lab -- night rollo it look like -- and I quote -- 'a disease to save man from he mind . ' ST. luc ( v.o. ) I do not get it . rollo lemme clarify for you . rollo pause to wash down some knish with a can of coca -cola . int . ST . luc' office -- night forsythe catch St. luc watch she dress and smile . St. luc swivel back to he file . int . rollo' lab -- night rollo search through Hobbes 's note to find the relevant quote . as he do so , he drop a few crumb of knish on the page and he plump finger brush the crumb away , smear some meat over the word . rollo Hobbes think that man be a animal that think too much , a animal that have lose touch with he instinct , he ' primal self '... in other word , too much brain and not enough gut . and what he come up with to help we gut along be a human parasite that be ... lemme find it here ... 'a combination of aphrodisiac and venereal disease , a modern version of the satyr 's tongue . ' rollo pause and flip to a new note with the head annabelle underline in red : ' she be become a new creature before my eye . it be like live at the Dawn of creation . I be euphoric , I be in ecstasy . ' rollo but the important thing for you be this : Hobbes use annabelle as a guinea pig . he implant she with the thing . I figure that once the parasite take , annabelle go berserk . I dunno what she do , but Hobbes be not ready for it . he have to kill she . and he be not try to burn she , he be burn they , all of they . int . ST . luc' office -- night St. luc watch forsythe , who be halfway through get she street clothes on . he toy with the velakofsky file , which contain abdominal x-ray show dark , blurred mass inside the abdominal cavity . ST . luc he do not make it . rollo ( v.o. ) huh ? ST . luc maybe Hobbes do not know it , but annabelle be a pretty popular girl around starliner tower . I have get three man here , maybe four , who be host large , free-moving , apparently pathogenic , abdominal growth that nobody I have try can identify . you be next on my list . int . rollo' lab -- night rollo I would kinda like to come over there and have a look at one of this guy . ST. luc ( v.o. ) I have get a date with one of they at ten . can you make it ? rollo yeah . ( pause ) ah , I do not want to panic you or anything , but , I mean , the way Hobbes design they , they be suppose to get out of hand real quick , so you do not have much time to think about what 's happen to you . once they decide to start pump all that dynamite juice into the old blood stream ... I dunno . but if you see some people do kind of compulsive , maybe even bizarre sexual thing ... ST. luc ( v.o. ) ( laugh : he do not take this aspect too seriously ) yeah ? what do I do then ? rollo I dunno . try tranquilizers . once you can get at they , there 's a lotta stuff you can use . I will bring a bagful . it 's just the standard tropical kit . but the trick be to get at they . int . ST . luc' office -- night forsythe have finish dress and be wait for St. luc to get off the phone . ST. luc ok . it 's apartment 1009 , South Tower , starliner tower . May as well go there directly . rollo ( v.o. ) ok , rog . see you at ten . St. luc hang up . forsythe Roger ? if you be go to be stay here anyway , why do not you come up to my place for a late supper ? ST . luc meeting rollo at tudor 's . might take a while . forsythe ( innocently ) do not matter to I how late it be . I can keep it warm . St. luc push he papers aside for a moment and stretch in he swivel chair . forsythe anything wrong ? ST . luc no . I do not think so . forsythe well ? Supper at my place ? ST. luc ok . but late . forsythe ( happy because she know she can get he to stay overnight ) great ! go back to you file . bye . she leave , close the door behind she . St. luc swivel thoughtfully in he chair for a second or two , then turn back to he file . int . reception area -- night forsythe walk through the darken and desert reception area to the elevator . through the main door we see a delivery van park in the main driveway . int . MAIN door -- night a young man age about twenty - five -- kurt , the delivery boy , dark , intense , bearded , he manner as stiff and formal as the tuxedo that he wear -- roll a restaurant serve cart toward the main door . he have obviously just come from the van outside , which be emblazon with the word ' Restaurant côte d' azur ' . the doorman smile and open the door for kurt , obviously familiar with the restaurant . kurt take great care as he lift the cart slightly so that it clear the doormat . on the cart 's two level be a elaborate array of silver serve vessel and utensil . int . hallway -- night Elevator door slide open and kurt step out , push he cart . he walk down the hallway look for bett 's apartment . after he have pass a few door he approach one which be slightly ajar . as kurt approach , the door open wider to reveal the old woman from the laundry room . she be no longer wear she dumpy laundry clothes , however , but be dress in a translucent nightgown and wear a grotesque amount of make - up . she be careful to keep half she face hide behind the door . kurt notice she but choose to ignore she . he be just approach she when she call to he . old woman I be hungry ! kurt keep on move . he be now just pass she door . the old woman edge out from behind the door a bit more . old woman I be hungry ! kurt can not resist turn to look at she , although he keep move . when he look she in the eye , she ease out slightly from behind the door to reveal that half she face have be horribly burn by the laundry - room parasite , the eye melt shut , the nostril droop . kurt be so stunne that he slow . the old woman speak softly . old woman hungry for love . hungry for love . she suddenly reach out and grab kurt by he tux with both hand and , with tremendous energy , jerk he back into she apartment and slam the door close with a vicious kick . kurt 's cart remain out in the hallway , the food steaming . int . bett ' apartment -- night in she dining room , bett mix herself a drink and check she watch . she take a sip , then go into the bathroom and bend over the bathtub , have balanced she drink on the edge of the tub . from inside the drain of the tub we see bett place the plug in the plughole . bett turn on the water , adjust the proportion of hot to cold until she get it exactly the way she want it , then get undress . she wrap a thick and colorful towel around she and go out to the live room with she drink in hand . in the live room , she arrange she photo in a new order , prop they up against the sofa , change they around again . back in the bathroom , bett check the temperature of the water by swish she hand around in it . the water drum heavily on the floor of the tub . bett put she drink on the edge of the tub and turn the water off . she now drop she towel on to the bathmat and step into the tub . she reach over the edge of the tub to straighten she sandal on the bathmat , then pick up she drink and stretch back . she take a big slug of she drink . her toe curl in pleasure . the drain plug begin to jerk and twitch , as though something be try to push it out from inside the drain . bett sink down in the water until she hair , short as it be , begin to float a bit . the drain plug begin to jerk more and more violently until it be push right out of its plug hole . the water begin to run out of the drain , but only in a slight trickle -- the drain pipe be block by a soft , spongy body . bett roll she head back and forth across the back of the tub , smile , relaxed , enjoy the sensation . one of the parasite 's stubby tentacles slowly appear , probing out of the drain hole . then another appear , then another . bett put down she drink on the tub 's edge and reach for the soap and washcloth . her eye be half - close and a smile still flicker about she lip . the sound of water suddenly rush out of the drain in volume rouse bett out of she reverie . she sit up and look down toward the plug end of the tub . the parasite be crawl toward she up the middle of the tub , almost touch she leg , which be press together against one side of the tub . the water be become pink with the blood that diffuse through it . bett ' mouth open slowly and she eye be wide . her reaction be obviously be confuse by the drink she have recently have . under the water , now very shallow , the parasite 's tentacles touch bett 's thigh . bett try to scream but can not . the parasite sucker its way between bett ' thigh . she scream a silent scream in the tub , she mouth wide open , she head roll from side to side . the only sound be the thrashing of she leg in the water and the gurgle of the drain . with a spasm that shake she whole body , bett throw she arm wide and knock she glass off the edge of the tub and on to the tile of the bathroom floor . the glass shatter . after a moment or two of further silent struggle , bett arch she back , then fall into a semi-conscious stupor , slumping motionless in the tub . int . tudor' apartment -- night Nicholas tudor lie flat on he back in bed on top of the cover . the physical state of he face , ghastly and cadaverous , be in sharp contrast to he expression , which be ecstatic , beatific , madonna-like . tudor 's hand rest on he abdomen in a posture often associate with pregnant woman . between he hand , in the area around the navel , three lump shift beneath the skin , change position and pulsing rhythmically . as they move , tudor make little delirious croon sound , a parody of a lullaby . in the live room , janine sit on the couch agitatedly flipping through she vogue , now wear large , fashionable glass with thick , tinted prescription lense . she can not seem to get into do anything until St. luc come . she get up and turn the tv on again , deliberately turn up the volume to a uncomfortable level . int . hallway -- night a old man and he wife , the spergazzis , be take they late - night constitutional through the hall of the South Tower . they arm be link and they both walk with the aid of cane , the ultra-modern aluminum kind with four rubber- tip prong at the end . mr. spergazzi Lovely , lovely evening . very quiet , eh ? Mrs. spergazzi nod and smile , patting Mr. spergazzi 's hand . they round a corner which lead they down the stretch of hall which pass by tudor 's door . as they approach tudor 's door they notice a plastic milk jug lie in the hall just below the open milk - chute door . Mrs. spergazzi detach herself from she husband and bend down with difficulty to pick up the jug . mrs . spergazzi eh , the child in this apartment , they be such little thief . you have to put a lock on everything . she put the jug back in the milk chute . she notice the blood smear on it just a second before the parasite in the chute fasten itself to she wrist with its sucker . she stare at she wrist in astonishment . she be wear the parasite like some monstrous , spongy , ooze wristwatch . she try to shake the thing off . it can not be dislodge . she turn in disbelief to she husband and then scream at the top of she lung . Mr. spergazzi lift he cane and try to strike the thing with the cane 's prong . the force of he blow throw he off balance and he fall , drag he wife down with he . Mrs. spergazzi moan in pain and terror . her husband manage to get to he knee and begin to smash at the thing with he cane . White burn fluid begin to squirt everywhere . Mrs spergazzi 's forearm begin to smoke , bubble , and dissolve . she become hysterical . Mr. spergazzi continue to smash away at the thing , now with some success . int . forsythe's apartment -- night in the kitchen , a thick paperbound book call guide to gourmet cook lie open and face down on the kitchen counter next to the sink . there be a couple of pot and pan heating on the stove . forsythe pick up the book , then open one of the pot to check something . she be obviously take a lot of care with St. luc 's late supper . she put the lid back on the pot , read a bit more , then check the time on a electric clock on the counter . she open the oven door , then take a bone-handled carve fork from a carve set and begin to prod at a roast in a ceramic roasting dish . someone knock on the door . forsythe leave she oven and go to answer it , carve fork in hand . she open the door . kresimir svibe stand in the hallway , eye wide , insane smile on he face . he look at forsythe as though she be a piece of steak . forsythe yes ? kresimir do not answer . he begin to drool , he mouth work as though in anticipation of a meal . forsythe get a little nervous . forsythe can I ... can I help you ? kresimir approach . he be visibly shaking . kresimir ( speak with difficulty ) yes ... you can ... help I . without warning , he lunge for forsythe , who vainly try to slam the door in he face . kresimir push he way past the door and grab forsythe by the back of the head , try to kiss she and drool . forsythe break away and run toward the bathroom , intend to lock herself in . kresimir throw himself at she leg , manage to grab one of she foot . she do not fall , but hold on to a cabinet and try to pull free . kresimir begin to climb up she body . forsythe , terrify and gasp for breath , plunge the long , curve prong of the carve fork into kresimir 's shoulder . he scream with pain and loosen he grip on forsythe long enough for she to pull away , leave she apron and part of she dress in kresimir 's hand . she run for the door and be go . kresimir , still on he knee , hold the apron and the piece of dress to he face , breathe in forsythe 's fragrance . he begin to shuffle toward the door on he knee , kissing the clothes in he hand , mumble and moan . kresimir oh , my darling , I worship , I worship at the shrine of you body , you body , you body , oh , you body ... int . betts' bathroom -- night bett lie slump in she bathtub , she hair matte and damp , she eye open and stare . her mouth begin to work in a very sensual way , and she begin to drool slightly . the tub be completely empty now except for the scum of blood and soap . the smashed glass be scattered all over the floor near the base of the tub . zombie-like , bett rise from the tub and step out on to the floor , she foot miss the bathmat . the crunch and snap of she bare foot on the break glass be heighten abnormally by the tile echo chamber of the bathroom . the step bett take toward the medicine cabinet leave bloody print on the floor . bett take out various bottle and plastic case and tube from the medicine cabinet and begin to apply make - up to she face with mechanical precision . int . ST . luc' office -- night St. luc be read a section of one of Hobbes 's medical papers in preparation for examine tudor later on . the section we see say : '... thus the theoretical organism we be now consider would exhibit what I choose to call " compress evolution . " this in effect mean that each generation of the say organism would be better adapt to inhabit and to control the behavior of its host ... ' suddenly forsythe burst in , out of breath , semi-hysterical , tearful . St. luc rise from he chair and forsythe throw herself on he , sobbing . ST . luc forsythe , forsythe ! what 's wrong ? what 's happen ? forsythe a man ... I think I recognize he ... a man who life here . he just ... ( break down ) ... he just attack I for no reason at all . I just open the door ... I be make supper for you , and he grab I , he try to kiss I ... St. luc hug forsythe for a moment , then hold she away from he so that he can get some information out of she . ST . luc where be he now ? do you know ? forsythe I think I ... I think I kill he . I stab he with something and he fall . ST . luc will you be ok now ? I have get to go to you place to see if he 's still there . I have get to see if it 's ... if it 's what we both think it be . forsythe oh , no ! you be not leave I here all alone . I be go with you . St. luc hesitates for a second , then grab he black leather doctor 's bag . ST . luc ok , c'mon . they leave . int . elevator -- night Inside a descend elevator , a middle - age woman and she teen - age daughter flip through a magazine together . the elevator sink toward the ground floor of the South Tower , then slow and stop . they both look up at the floor number . it 's not they floor . the door slide open . nobody seem to be wait . the mother push the close door button , a bit impatiently . a hand hold a crêpe ooze red jam and sugar reach around into the elevator . the two woman cringe , suddenly afraid . kurt , the delivery boy , step around and into the elevator , smile broadly , eye wide and glisten . he drool slightly . the door slide close . kurt offer one crêpe to each woman . int . MAIN door -- night the doorman sit beside the intercom board read another harlequin nurse romance when he happen to glance up and notice the elevator flasher which indicate a stick elevator . he sigh , shake he head -- always something go wrong -- stuff the pocketbook into he jacket , and get up , take out a huge ring of key from he pocket as he do so . he walk over to the metal control panel sink into the wall between the elevator and open it with one of the key on the ring . then , check to make sure which elevator be the stick one , he play with a switch which manually override the floor selector and bring the elevator down . the doorman watch as the number show that the elevator be finally come down . he stand by , wait to see who or what have cause the elevator to stay at one floor for so long , jingling he key , try to look stern and authoritarian . the door spring open . kurt stand at the back of the elevator , one arm around the young girl , who hug he tightly . the girl be finish the last bit of one of the crupe , suck she finger deliciously . the mother sit slump in the opposite corner , she coat open , she dress tear , bruise on she face . she struggle to she foot . kurt and the girl be ignore she . the doorman be nonpluss . he hesitates , then make a move toward the elevator , intend to help the woman to she foot . doorman here , here . what be this all about ? what 's the matter with you ? what be you do in there ? the woman suddenly lunge at the doorman and try to pull he down . kurt detach himself from the girl and join she . they giggle and drool all over the doorman as they pull he down and pin he to the floor . the daughter , still lick she finger , slowly approach the doorman . doorman hey , that 's enough , enough of this nonsense ! what be this ? ( etc . ) the daughter kneel at the doorman 's foot , then crawl over he , she mouth work , drool . she lower she lip over he , kurt make it impossible for the doorman to move he head out of the way . int . hallway -- night forsythe and St. luc be hurry to forsythe 's apartment to see if kresimir be still there . as they round a corner , they see the spergazzis come toward they , the old lady hobbling and hysterical , the old man help she walk as best he can , try to maintain some kind of calm . when spergazzi see St. luc , he lift he four- pronge cane and wave it around to get attention . mr. spergazzi hey , Doctor , Doctor ! please . help we ! St. luc and forsythe rush over and help to support the slumping Mrs. spergazzi . ST . luc what happen ? mr. spergazzi ( tipping he hat as he introduce himself even in the midst of chaos ) please pardon I . I be niccolo spergazzi . I be a resident here . I do not know ... we be walk in the hallway and ... cabiria ... my wife ... she be attack by this thing ... here , on she arm . spergazzi show St. luc he wife 's forearm , which have be badly burn by the parasite 's animal - tissue solvent . as soon as St. luc start prodding she arm , Mrs. spergazzi start to wail in italian . spergazzi try to soothe she as St. luc examine she carefully . mr. spergazzi it 's all right , cara mia . what 's one more scar to a old lady , eh ? you will be ok . the old lady wail even more . ST . luc where be this thing that attack you wife ? mr. spergazzi I hit it . I hit it with my cane . then I carry it on the cane and I throw it down to the incinerator , down to the garbage . St. luc hand he bag to forsythe . ST. luc ( to spergazzi ) this be nurse forsythe . she 's a nurse , you understand I ? spergazzi nod . St. luc turn to forsythe . ST . luc go back to they apartment with they and treat she for second - degree burn . it will have to do for now . ( to spergazzi ) what 's you number ? the number of you apartment ? mr. spergazzi we live in 703 . ST. luc ( to forsythe ) ok . I will meet you back there . do not leave until I get there . lock the door and do not open it except for I . ok ? forsythe but where be you go ? ST. luc ( walk away ) down to the incinerator . int . tudor' apartment -- night janine doze fitfully on the couch , she glass fall on to the carpet , she vogue crumpled underneath she . tudor 's voice call to she from the bedroom . it have a eerie , wail tone to it . tudor janine . janine . come here . come into the bedroom , janine . tudor keep call until janine wake up with a start and jump to she foot , still half asleep . she rub she eye and walk to the bedroom . janine open the bedroom door . from she point of view we see a dark , blurry figure sit on the edge of the bed . janine Nick ? be you up ? I can not see a thing , I take my contact out . tudor speak from the bed without move . tudor hello , darling . I feel wonderful . come and sit beside I , beside I on the bed . janine hesitates for a second , then walk to the bed and sit down . she can now see that tudor , although pale and sickly , be smile ecstatically . he put a arm around janine , who react stiffly . tudor do you want to make love ? you be absolutely beautiful , that eye , that expression . you be absolutely the most sexy thing alive . do you want to make love ? janine ( slightly repulse ) Nick , you be so strange ... tudor begin to unbutton he shirt with one hand , he other still grip janine tightly . tudor you will make love to I , will not you , janine ? wo not you make love to I ? you start it . wo not you ? I think I have forget how to start . janine ( now in tear ) oh , Nick , Nick ... I can not take this . tudor please , janine . please , pleasepleaseplease , janine janine janinejaninejanine ... janine hesitantly help tudor remove he shirt and begin to caress he in a perfunctory way , tear in she eye . her caress make tudor moan with pleasure . tudor Love I . oh , janine , you be so beautiful . you be my wife . mmm . you be my wife . janine 's hand sweep across tudor 's abdomen . she pull she hand away , startle , obviously have just feel a few of tudor 's lump . she look up at tudor 's face with a mixture of horror and wonder in she eye . tudor be confuse ; he do not want the caress to stop . tudor ( plead ) you be my wife , janine . please make love to I . int . spergazzi apartment -- night the spergazzi apartment be very heavily decorate in the Mediterranean european Catholic style , feature lot of plastic and plaster madonnas , calendar with Christ expose he bleed heart , etc . Mrs. spergazzi lie on a overstuff couch with she wrist hold up for forsythe to bandage after she coat it with a heal gel . Mrs. spergazzi wear a suffer - martyr expression . Mr. spergazzi lean over the back of the couch patting he wife 's other hand solicitously . int . incinerator room -- night the steel door at the top of a concrete flight of stair swing open and St. luc appear . he quickly negotiate the step and open the steel door at the bottom which lead to the incinerator room . once inside , St. luc grab the poker hang from a iron hook sink into the wall of the incinerator , slide open the bolt on the door and open it . he begin to probe around inside the incinerator oven but can not really see very much . he look around and notice the superintendent 's flashlight stick up on top of a heating pipe . St. luc take down the flashlight , switch it on , and continue he search for the dead parasite . int . tudor' apartment -- night tudor lie on top of janine on they bed . over he shoulder , janine 's face be visible , eye wide open and full of tear . she try to push tudor away , but he resist . janine ( frantically ) no , no . Nick , please . stop . let 's stop . I ... I want to put my contact in ... I can not see anything ... tudor pull she back to he , and finally she be force to batter he away with she fist and slip off the edge of the bed . tudor glare after she . tudor ( in a mechanical whine ) make love to I , make love to I , love , love to I ... janine ( try to buy time ) I want to be able to see we , Nick . I ... I be go to go into the bathroom now and put in my contact , ok ? be that ok ? ( plead with he to believe she ) I want to be able to see we when we make love , ok ? tudor 's eye be stare right out of he head and he mouth be wide open . he gasp for breath . he stare at janine for a second , then bury he face in the blanket , twist they in he hand and moan . janine burst into tear and turn away from the bed , head for the bathroom . in the bathroom , janine start to shake , on the verge of hysteria . distractedly , she go through the motion of put she contact lense in : open the medicine - cabinet door , take out the lens container , take out the bottle of wetting and soaking solution , open the lens container . suddenly , tudor wail terribly , like a hound , from the bedroom . tudor ( heart -rend wail ) ooooooooooooooooo ! janine turn to the door , turn back to the lense , dump both lense out into she hand , begin to squirt solution on they . she have decide to try to ignore tudor . tudor ( wail ) janine , janine , janinnnnnneeee ! janine can no longer pretend that she do not hear he . close she hand around the two lense , she run out of the bathroom . tudor lie outstretch on the bed in the darkness . his lip move silently , spasmically , as though in sleep , twitching in a abnormal , insect fashion . there be a swell in he throat , almost as though he have develop a goiter , which swell and contract rhythmically . janine appear in the doorway . janine ( a strangle half - whisper ) I be here , Nick . janine be here . after a pause , she walk into the room . she climb on to the bed and settles down . she put she face very close to tudor 's . for the moment , he face be expressionless , but he neck be swollen just under the jaw . janine sigh deeply , try not to panic . her eye narrow suddenly -- she have not get she lense in and she gaze be myopic -- as she notice something odd . there be a bit of black something , a thread , in the corner of tudor 's mouth . janine move closer to it . the black thing , like the tip of a insect 's leg , twitches . janine reach out to brush the thing off tudor 's lip . as she finger brush by , the leg twitches back inside tudor 's mouth . janine jerk back in horror , she hand , ball into fist , cover she own mouth as though to protect it from whatever occupy tudor 's mouth . gradually the thread reappear . tudor 's lip part slightly to allow the emergence of the dark , viscous tentacle to which the thread -- a hook use to hang on inside the body -- be attach . the tentacle of the blood parasite probe its way from between tudor 's lip . janine be paralyze with horror . the tentacle be now touch tudor 's chin , he cheek , the tip of he nose . janine 's fist tighten even more . a glassy snap break the silence . janine lower she hand dumbly and open they . in the right one , the one that hold the contact lense , be incise two bloody circle where she finger press the lense into she flesh until they snap . the segment lens fragment glint in the tiny pool of blood . she try to control the hysteria welling up inside she . she ease herself carefully over the side of the bed as the first stubby tentacle be join by another and another . she move a fraction of a inch at a time , almost hypnotize by the movement of the tentacles . the hook of the tentacles be now set into tudor 's chin and cheek , and the tentacles draw taut as something attempt to draw itself out of he body . his throat bulge , he cheek swell as the tentacles contract . his lip be gradually force apart as the quivering , moist shape emerge . his mouth be open to jaw - break width as the creature slowly expose itself to the dim light of the bedroom . janine 's eye be wide with terror . she utter a gurgle cry and run , stumbling , from the bedroom . she dash through the live room and reach the door to the hallway , whimper in terror as she fumble at the lock and the doorknob , finally manage to swing the door open . int . hallway -- night janine run down a hallway that lead to bett 's apartment , sobbing and stumbling . she get to bett 's door and open it without hesitation . int . bett ' apartment -- night janine enter bett ' apartment . she look around for bett . janine bett ? bett ? it 's I . she catch sight of bett stand out on the balcony , look across at the North Tower 's light . bett turn slowly . she be wear immaculate but very extreme make -up . janine be slightly take aback -- it 's not bett ' style . bett smile and open she arm to janine . int . rollo' lab -- night rollo put he jacket on , pick up he doctor 's bag and a manila envelope jamme solid with Hobbes 's note , and leave he lab , turn off the light and lock the door behind he . ext . STREET in front of rollo' lab -- night rollo get into he car , which be park in a now empty parking lot adjacent to the building in which he lab be situate . his car be large and american and ostentatious , a gold cadillac eldorado with option or equivalent . the car pull out of the lot and on to the street . int . hallway -- night the doorman , drool and twitching , lock the exit door at the end of one hallway . in one hand he hold a enormous pair of cable cutter . int . incinerator room -- night St. luc continue to poke around inside the incinerator with the poker . finally he flashlight beam reveal the tatter corpse of spergazzi 's parasite . deftly manipulate the hook on the poker 's tip , St. luc manage to pull the parasite out into the light . garbage come rattling down the chute . when St. luc flash he light into the oven , we see that the garbage consist of bett ' french food , half - eat , silver server and all , the snail be especially prominent . insane giggle echo down the chute , follow by the slam of the chute door somewhere several floor above . St. luc hold the thing up to the naked light bulb above the incinerator . the light seem to go right through the parasite , illuminate the twisted vascular system , reproductive organ , etc . as St. luc examine the creature , which be still impale on the hook of the poker , the door to the incinerator room open behind he . a large , hairy , muscular man enter the room and approach the oblivious St. luc . the man slip he arm up under St. luc 's arm and kiss he passionately on the neck . as soon as St. luc realize what 's happen , he smashes the man in the chest with he elbow and pull free . the man grab St. luc again , try to kiss he on the mouth . they struggle . St. luc be throw to the concrete floor . the man try to pin he down . St. luc , on the verge of be overpower , smashes the man in the chest with the poker , parasite still hook into its tip . the man stand up unsteadily . St. luc crack he on the ankle with the poker and he come crash down . the parasite corpse be flung across the room , where it smack wetly into the wall and slide to the floor . St. luc leap to he foot and begin kick the man in the head . after a furious moment or two , he suddenly stop , drop the poker , and stare at the body in horrify disbelief . St. luc slowly back away from the man 's body , which be very still and quietly ooze blood on to the damp concrete floor . he bump into the edge of the door leave open by the man . the collision seem to startle he out of he daze somewhat , and he turn , himself scratch and bleed , and stagger up the basement step . int . spergazzi's apartment -- night forsythe wait impatiently for St. luc. Mr. spergazzi be watch a variety show on tv and Mrs. spergazzi be make ravioli in the kitchen , more or less recover from she encounter with the parasite . suddenly a pierce scream be hear from down the hall . Mr. spergazzi , hard of hearing , do not notice . the scream be follow by bang , crash , and insane laughter and giggle . Mrs. spergazzi come out of the kitchen . she have hear the noise . she and forsythe look at each other for a moment , then forsythe go to the door and slide the chain lock into place . she then go to the telephone to call the police . forsythe ( into receiver ) hello ? hello ? she dial a few time , and click the receiver button . nothing . the phone be dead . she put the receiver back on the hook . Mrs. spergazzi know that something be very wrong . she wring she hand and begin to wail in italian . int . hallway -- night in the hallway outside the spergazzi apartment , a group of giggle , drool resident stand around a door . one of this resident be the superintendent , who be open the door with one of he set of master key . the resident , some of they woman , giggle in anticipation . once the door have be open , they all rush in , drool and moan . from inside the apartment we hear several muffle voice , at first angry and indignant , then plead and terrify . scream and crash follow . int . spergazzi apartment -- night Mrs. spergazzi be get hysterical ; Mr. spergazzi be try to calm she down by get she to sit in front of the tv set with he . but each time he push she down , she pop up and begin wail and moan again . forsythe pace back and forth , check she watch , pace some more . finally , after a particularly noisy outburst by Mrs. spergazzi , forsythe pick up the doctor 's bag , unchain the door , and leave . spergazzi hear the door slam and look up . mr. spergazzi miss ! nurse ! come back ! cabiria , she need something ...! he lapse back into italian , try vainly to calm he wife down . int . bett ' apartment -- night bett and janine be on the sofa , janine with she head in bett 's lap , bett rock janine like a child . janine ( sobbing ) oh , bett , bett , everything be so hideous . everything die and rot and disappear . I be go to die , and you be go to die , and Nick ... she break down . bett be drowsy - eye and smile . she stroke janine 's hair . bett there , there , there . it all get sort out in the gene and chromosome . it 's not for we to think about at all . it 's not we problem at all , ' nine . we be just here to exist and to have a good time . exist and have a good time . ( pause ) do I feel good , ' nine ? do I feel good to you ? janine 's eye be red and she still sob a bit as she speak , but she be obviously feel a bit soothed . janine oh , you feel very good , bett . you have such a cosy body . I be jealous , I be so skinny . bett ( casually , as though it be the most ordinary request in the world ) make love to I , ' nine ? I want you to make love to I . please , please make love to I . janine twist around and look up at bett . there be something in bett ' tone -- quite apart from what she be say -- that disturb she , something that remind she of she husband . janine bett ! you can not really be say that ! you just can not ! bett smile drowsily . she bend over janine , turn she head in she hand until they face each other . bett lower she face toward janine . janine be wide -ey , almost hypnotize by bett 's strength , smile , and confidence . bett let 's not talk any more , ' nine , shall we ? let 's kiss and make up . let 's kiss ... kiss and make up , shall we ? ' nine ? janine resist only slightly as bett place she lip on janine 's . after a pause , bett suddenly open she mouth wide and press she lip savagely against janine 's . she hold janine 's head firmly as they kiss . janine struggle for a moment , then open she mouth as well . her eye be close in passion , then suddenly open wide in terror as bett 's throat swell like a goiter as a parasite rush up she throat toward janine 's open mouth . the parasite begin to force its way into janine 's mouth and down she throat . janine gag and try to pull away , but too late . int . incinerator room -- night forsythe run down the step which lead to the incinerator and pull open the steel door at the bottom . she begin to look around for St. luc . forsythe Roger ? Roger , be you here ? she suddenly stumble across the body of the man St. luc have kill . she actually have to break she fall with she hand , which slip in the man 's blood . horrify , she get up and back away . the sound of people moan and laugh be come from everywhere . forsythe find herself up against a large door . she tug on the handle and it open . int . MAIN door -- night St. luc have make he way to the main door and stand talk to the rental agent , merrick , who be lean against the intercom board with the doorman 's pocketbook romance in one hand . the agent look perfectly normal , though he keep wiping he mouth unobtrusively with the back of he hand . merrick ... have not see anything that look like trouble at all . just fill in for walter ... the doorman . but if you want I to call the police , I will . St. luc be cautious but he seem to believe merrick . he press the button which buzze the spergazzi apartment . nobody answer . a middle - age man walk in . worried , St. luc buzze again . man apartment 307 ? visit my sister . merrick smile and open the door for the man , who go in and take the stairway up , prefer to walk . the intercom squawk and spergazzi answer the buzzer . mr. spergazzi yes ? who be there ? ST . luc it 's Dr. St. luc , Mr spergazzi . let I speak to the nurse , please . mr. spergazzi ( v.o. ) oh , but the nurse , she go away . I think she must go to look for you . St. luc curse under he breath and make a move toward the door . merrick smile and pull it open for he . St. luc disappear down the stair lead to the incinerator . as the stairway door close , the elevator slide open and a young couple come out head for the main door , dress to go out to a late party . before they reach the door , merrick slip through they and meet the couple in the lobby . he smile broadly as he approach they . merrick even , Mr. Wolf , miss Lewis . I wonder if I could talk to you for a second in my office ? miss lewis why do not you do something about all that noise ? we like party , but this be ridiculous . merrick well , there may be a connection . see , it 's about you locker . ' fraid somebody bust into it tonight . miss lewis and mr wolf ( together ) oh , no ! what a drag ! merrick ' fraid so . I have get a few of the thing they throw around in my office and if you could identify it ... the couple turn , grumble , and walk toward merrick 's office . merrick follow , wiping he mouth with the back of he hand . int . rental office -- night the young couple enter the rental office , merrick follow close behind . once they be all in , merrick close the door . he rest against the door and drool copiously , then giggle . the young couple turn to look at he . suddenly , three more resident , two woman and a man , all of they half naked , jump down on they from the top of large filing cabinet . the resident begin to kiss and paw the couple . merrick wipe he mouth with the back of he hand and then throw himself on top of the writhe mass . int . garage -- night find herself in the underground garage , forsythe decide to get in she car and drive out . she find she car -- a datsun or Toyota -- get in , throw the doctor 's bag in the back , and drive up the ramp lead to the slide garage door . the car roll over the cable which normally activate the door , but nothing happen . forsythe put the car in reverse and back over the cable , but still nothing happen . she sit with the car idling , try to figure out what to do next . suddenly the driver 's door of she car be yank open and the doorman , slaver and drool , throw himself at she . the doorman force she down across the front seat of the car and begin to kiss she on the neck and rip she clothes to shred . he gradually force himself between she leg . int . incinerator room -- night St. luc bound down the incinerator room stair look for forsythe . he see immediately that she be not there , but also notice handprint in blood on the door lead to the garage . he open the garage door . forsythe 's scream come echoing through the garage . int . garage -- night St. luc race through the garage , try to find forsythe . he finally see she car in the middle of the exit ramp and run over to it . the doorman be still on top of forsythe in the front seat of the car . St. luc pull the doorman 's gun out of its holster and begin smash away at the doorman with it . the doorman pound St. luc in the temple with he fist and lift himself partially off forsythe , half turn toward St. luc , who be staggered by the blow . the doorman 's face be cover with blood and drool . repulsed and terrify , St. luc fire the gun into the doorman 's upper body three time , heedless of the possibility that he might hit forsythe . the doorman slump over forsythe . St. luc grip the gun and stagger over to the car . he pull the doorman off forsythe , who be completely soak with blood . she have obviously have a externally rough time , but there be nothing to suggest that she have be infect by the doorman . St. luc shove she over into the passenger 's seat , where she slump , daze . he do not have to start the car -- it 's never be turn off . he slam the shift lever into reverse and back up , peel rubber , to the base of the ramp . he put it into first and begin to accelerate , foot to the floor , toward the garage door . another car full of resident suddenly careen in front of the door and screech to a halt , block St. luc , who in swerving to avoid they smashes he fender into a concrete post . he pick up the gun from the console between the seat and , open the car door , empty the gun at the resident , who be emerge from they car . one of the resident fall back into the car , block the other two . St. luc drag forsythe out of the car , throw she over he shoulder , and carry she down the ramp toward the door lead to the incinerator . int . hallway -- night St. luc half drag , half carry forsythe along hallway whose door be wide open . from the apartment issue the entire catalogue of suggestive sexual sound -- giggle , moan , groan , cry , whisper , shriek . we catch glimpsis of people of all kind and age lock together on floor , chair , etc . St. luc find a open exit door and plunge through it , take forsythe with he . int . gym -- night the door to the gym open and St. luc look in cautiously . the gym be quite tiny and be desert . St. luc pull forsythe in and close the door . he lay forsythe down on a gym mat and then barricade the door with a box horse and a weight - lift table . he kneel beside forsythe , who seem to be only just regain consciousness . St. luc stroke she face , push strand of hair matte with blood out of she eye . ST. luc ( more to himself than forsythe ) rollo will be here soon . rollo will be here soon . ext . driveway -- night rollo 's car pull up to the main door and park in a blatantly illegal space . he flip up a card on the dash which say ' M.D. on call , ' then get out of the car . he walk up the step and through the main door , which be wide open . nobody be in sight . int . hallway -- night rollo walk along the hallway , bag in hand , envelope under arm . he stop in front of tudor 's door , check the number against the number write in he notebook , then knock on the door . nobody answer . he knock once more , then look around shiftily before turn the knob and walk right in . int . tudor' apartment -- night rollo enter and close the door behind he , deliberately slamm it . he walk into the center of the live room and bellow . rollo hello , good evening , be anybody here ? Dr. St. luc ? it 's Dr. linsky here to see you for consultation . still no answer . rollo be puzzle . he snoops around the apartment until he find the bedroom with its door half close . he push gently on the door and open it gradually . rollo it 's Dr. linsky . anybody home ? rollo can now see the figure of tudor lie in bed in the dim light of the bedroom . rollo enter the bedroom . rollo be that Mr. Nicholas tudor ? it 's Dr. linsky . I be meeting Dr. St. luc here . he must be a little bit late . tudor do not answer , do not move . he lie stiffly on the bed on he back , mouth insanely agape , eye shut , cover half on the floor . rollo be anyone here ? Nicholas tudor ? be that you ? tudor ? mind if I have a look at you ? he stand at the edge of the bed , peer at tudor , look for sign of consciousness . after a pause , he kneel on the bed and slowly draw back the cover . rollo just a peek , ok ? a little peek will not hurt . tudor 's abdomen be gradually expose as the cover be draw back . crouched in the shadow be one of the freshly emerge blood parasite , which sit poise for only a fraction of a second before it spring at rollo 's face with great energy . as the thing hit rollo 's face it lock on to he head by entangle its stubby tentacles in he hair and attach its sucker to he cheek and chin . rollo try to stand , then stagger and fall . the thing try to force its way into rollo 's mouth , cut he lip in the process . they bleed furiously . when rollo manage to pull a sucker away , a piece of he flesh come with it . as he writhes on the carpete floor , two more parasite appear crawl toward he from under the bed , cover with dust from the floor . they clamber on to he and fasten on to he face , sucker on to he ear , he throat , forehead , eyelid . one of they begin to ooze corrosive fluid on to he face . rollo scream in pain . he manage to roll to he foot . he stagger out of the darkness of the bedroom into the live room , one arm extend , grop like a blind man , the three parasite still lock on to he face . they try to pull he lip apart , but he keep he tooth firmly clench to keep they from force they way into the depth of he body . he take a few unbalance step toward the kitchen . with a sudden spasm of pain , he hurl himself sideways into the kitchen and almost fall again , grab at the last moment on to the sink . his hand touch a large pair of plier , a screwdriver , and a hammer on the counter by the sink , leave there by tudor week ago . rollo seize the plier and begin to pull the parasite from he face with they steel jaw . the parasite , swollen with tudor 's blood , burst and spurt as the plier tear they apart . in the bedroom , tudor 's eye snap open . his head rise from the pillow . he swing he leg over the side of the bed and , ashen and gaunt , shake he head slowly as though waking from a dream . he begin to mumble . tudor no , no , no , no . must not , must not . you must not kill they , no , no , no . then , as though listen to himself and suddenly understanding what he be say , he rise to he foot shakily and walk to the kitchen . he stop at the kitchen door . rollo have tear the parasite from he face and be pound away at they in the kitchen sink . the parasite wriggle and curl in they own blood in the sink as he smashes away at they with the plier . tudor stagger toward rollo . tudor no , no . you must not kill they . that 's my blood you be spilling ! my blood ! let they come home , let they come home , home , home inside I . do not kill they ...! he start to paw rollo , feebly try to prevent he from further mutilate the parasite . he reach over St. luc 's shoulder and grab a large chunk of one of the parasite . tudor ( whining pitifully ) at least save I one ! for God 's sake ! at least save I one . one , one , one , one ... rollo turn as tudor begin to shove the piece of flesh back down he throat . as rollo turn we see that bit of tentacles and sucker be still attach to he cheek , throat , forehead . his face be melting and smoking in area where it have be burn by the corrosive fluid on one side . he stare in rage at tudor . with a scream , rollo strike tudor with the plier . tudor fall , hit he head on various chair and protrude corner as he go down , the chunk of parasite still in he mouth as he finally come to rest , twitching , on the floor . rollo drop the plier on the floor . he stare at tudor in shock . his face be reflect in a copper fry pan hang over the stove . notice the reflection , rollo lean over to get close to he own horrible image . he gingerly touch he face , inspect the damage , shiver and moan . still shaking , he turn to leave . without warning , tudor leap up at rollo with insane energy and bowl he over , plier in hand . sitting on rollo 's chest , tudor smashes away at rollo 's face and head with the plier , the piece of dead parasite in he mouth drop on to rollo 's face as he drool . int . gym -- night forsythe finally open she eye . she smile at St. luc , who hover anxiously over she as she lie on the gym mat . ST . luc can you walk ? I could not find anything wrong with you . forsythe nod and manage to sit up with St. luc 's help . once she seem able to stay propped up without St. luc 's help , he get up and begin to move the barricade away from the door . ST . luc rollo and the police should be here by now . it 's just a question of avoid infect resident until we find they . St. luc come back to forsythe and kneel beside she . st.luc ok ? ready to go ? forsythe put she arm around St. luc 's neck as though want support . instead , she draw he down toward she and begin to babble in a strange , casual , dreamy way . forsythe sometimes I have a recurrent dream . have I ever tell you about it , darling ? I guess you could call it a freudian dream , because in this dream I find myself make love to sigmund Freud . but I be have trouble because he 's old and die , and he smell bad and I find he repulsive . and then he tell I that everything be erotic , everything be sexual , you know what I mean ? he have a very thick accent , but I can understand he perfectly . he tell I that even old flesh be erotic flesh , that disease be the love of two alien kind of creature for each other , that die be a act of eroticism , that even chemical combine out of sexual frenzy and long . that breathe be sexual , that talk be sexual , that just to physically exist be sexual ... and I believe he , and we make love beautifully ... while she talk , forsythe gradually slip she arm around St. luc 's neck and bring she lip closer and closer to he . St. luc , mesmerize by the hypnotic drine of she word , be about to kiss she . suddenly she mouth snap open wide with mechanical precision , she head tilt back , she eye flick close . St. luc stare at she in horror as she throat begin to swell . in the depth of forsythe 's mouth two parasite tentacles probe about , seek a firm hold for they sucker so that they can pull the parasite 's body out of she narrow esophagus . St. luc hesitates only for a instant , then rip a strip from she blouse , ball it up , and shove it into she mouth . holding she while she struggle to remove it , he rip off a second strip and tie it around she head to keep the gag in . St. luc rise , throw forsythe over he shoulder and begin to step toward the door of the gym . dangle over St. luc 's shoulder , forsythe struggle , moan , and howl as best she can . St. luc manage to pin she hand to she side so that she can not pull the gag out . before St. luc reach the door , a handsome middle - age woman peek in around the corner . woman ( croon in reply to forsythe 's howl ) hellooooo ? oooooo ? be there anyone here who 's all alooooooooone ? St. luc rush at the woman , knock she over . she roll on the floor , hugging herself and croon . once out the door , St. luc make for the nearest exit . int . stairwell -- night as St. luc begin to ascend the stair , we can see tiny black hook tear through forsythe 's gag . blood begin to soak through from the inside . a group of resident suddenly appear at the next landing above St. luc and , notice they , begin to walk down the step , moan and croon and make vaguely sexual gesture toward the pair . blood be now pour from forsythe 's mouth and tentacles be grop for leverage at she cheek and chin . St. luc decide to attempt to shoulder he way up the stair , certain that rollo and the police must be at the main door . as he hit the resident on the stair , they try to kiss he , caress he , pull he clothes off . they finally manage to drag forsythe from he shoulder , almost unbalance he as they do so . St. luc try to prop she up on she foot , but she 's completely limp . St. luc hold forsythe against the stairway wall as resident mill all about they . he look at she in sudden hopelessness . ST. luc ( shouting ) forsythe ! forsythe ! the parasite be now half out of she mouth , hang through the slit it have tear in she gag . St. luc let go of forsythe and she sink to the floor . the resident be swarm all over they . St. luc abandon forsythe and begin to fight he way up the stair . he run higher and higher , up flight after flight of stair , until he be free of the slow - move resident . he lean back against a wall , panting . croon and moan echo up to he from below . he lean over the railing and look down . in the stairwell several flight below , forsythe lie surround by milling resident , leg spread as though about to give birth . a resident lean over and pull the parasite from she mouth , then swallow it whole with gusto . other resident touch she , stroke she , caress she , as though offer she a strange kind of comfort . St. luc reel with disgust and disbelief . he turn and run . int . swimming pool -- night between the two tower lie the swim pool . St. luc manage to reach the door lead from the South Tower into the pool . he hang on to the door of the pool itself for a moment in near exhaustion , then open it and enter . the pool be dim and tranquil . two woman be swim in the deep end as though nothing be at all abnormal . St. luc watch they for a moment , enjoy the apparent normalcy of the scene . then he stagger forward , call out to the swimmer . ST . luc have you see the police ? I be Dr. St. luc . have you see the police ? have they come ? the swimmer both flick playfully beneath the water 's surface . St. luc approach the water 's edge , wait for they to surface . the water ripple and bubbles near he foot . a sink feel come over he . he watch in horrible fascination . he begin to shiver . the ripple and bubbles spread and intensify . after a pause , janine surface , smile radiantly . a few second later , bett surface near she , the very picture of benign , watery calm . bett gesture to St. luc to join they in the pool . St. luc shake he head slowly , back away from the pool . he turn to leave the room . as he turn , Mr. spergazzi appear out of the shadow behind he . use he four-pronged aluminum cane , he push St. luc backwards into the pool , chuckle playfully . spergazzi look around for approval as St. luc begin to thrash about wildly . bett swim up beside St. luc , grab he , and hold he under . bett ( to janine ) a kiss ! ( laughter echoe in the pool room ) give he a kiss . give he a kiss . various resident ( voice echoing in unison ) a kiss , a kiss , a kiss ! bett allow St. luc to rise to the surface as a laugh janine splashes over to he and fasten she mouth to he . as they kiss , janine 's hand hold St. luc 's head fiercely . bett assist she by pin St. luc 's arm behind he . janine 's throat ripple and swell , she cheek billow as a parasite swarm upwards from deep within she body . St. luc 's cheek now swell as the parasite enter he mouth . his eye jolt open in terror and he manage to pull away slightly , revealing the tentacles join she mouth to he like grapple iron . St. luc twist out of bett ' grasp . he and janine , still lock together , sink beneath the surface . dozen of resident pour into the pool room and join spergazzi and the other at the poolside . among this be face already familiar to we : kurt , kresimir and benda , the old laundry - room woman , etc . the new spectator clap , laugh , croon , and moan as though witness a wild group baptism . some of they throw themselves into the water , pull other in with they . deep under the water 's surface , St. luc still struggle to free himself from janine . resident now splash into the depth all around they . St. luc 's cheek bulge wide and blood dribble from he nose and mouth . his throat swell monstrously . janine release he just in time for we to see the end of a tentacle slip back into he mouth . he exhales heavily as parasite enzyme pump furiously through he body . the water boil with he exhale breath . janine and St. luc drift apart , now completely calm , as resident splash and swim , kick and embrace . int . starliner tower underground garage -- night the vast and dimly light garage be full of silent car . somewhere a engine start up , then another and another , until the whole garage be full of fume and the revving of engine . as we prowl amongst the car we find many of the resident we already know , now dress to the tooth in they seductive best . Mr. spergazzi and he wife stand and watch the spectacle , cane in hand , with great dignity . with they stand other who be too old or too young to go into the night look for new host for they parasite , content to remain incubator for the time be . the resident be full of bubbly anticipation in they car . kresimir lean out of he car and shout to no one in particular . kresimir ( shouting ) nobody should be alone ! nobody should be alone tonight ! the rest of the resident pick up the cry and chant together . resident ( together ) nobody alone ! nobody alone ! the night watchman stand near the garage door . smiling broadly , he stamp on the cable which activate the slide door . ext . starliner tower -- night the garage door slide open . one car surge up the ramp ahead of all the other , stop at the top . the driver of this first car be St. luc , sleek and exuberant , a raise collar and a scarf hide most of he scar . he glance into he rear-view mirror . in the rear-view mirror , St. luc see all the other car lining up behind he , light blaze . St. luc smile , then step on the accelerator . his car shoot out into the street . as St. luc 's car turn on to the street , car after car follow he . we rise higher and higher above the starliner tower apartment complex until the car be a small stream of light far below , bleed into the main body of the neon-lit metropolis . the end