shoot the moon a original screenplay by bo Goldman final draft December 23 , 1980 alan parker film company this script be the property of metro - goldwyn -mayer film CO . Al ext . house - northern california - evening Al Weathered wood , brightly - paint shutter , bicycle , a trampoline . a driveway and garage . out front a pet barnyard , three chicken , a pair of rabbit . int . stair landing 1 a stairway too formal for this house ; light catch the burnish step . a man come into view . in he late thirty , bulky , muscular ; a dynamic , almost compulsive face , a specially sharp edge now to the rough feature . his name be GEORGE . on GEORGE soundlessly move down the stairway into the hall . he wear evening trousers , dress shirt , a untied black tie . study ~ downstair 2 book line the wall : a desk , a corkboard , autograph picture of sport figure ; a hot plate and teapot , a cedar file and a good chair . goerge stare at the desk , then sit . he look into space for a moment , he head nod into he hand . George sud - denly look up , blink : he eye brim with tear ; he sob .. hold on George . upstair - bedroom 3 a woman sit before a mirror , ~ faith , young for she early thirty : woman , child and mother in one and in conflict ; but the best of each , puckish , feisty , a natural unwork - for beauty . pull back from faith to reveal she four child look at she in the mirror . molly , 7 ; marianne , 10 ; jill , 12 ; sherry , 13 . sherry dis - tance from the rest ; at the brink of womanhood , a school skirt , a scarf fall around she young breast . the girl lean towards they mother , intent on she dress - up preparation . cut to : closeup - a hand 4 pull back to reveal it be George 's hand on the telephone . ( continued ) continued : GEORGE ... it will not be easy , in the middle of all that people and all I '1l be doi : be think about you . rafter a@ moment ) maybe I will win , that would help . a voice come back through the phone ; clean , seductive , soothing . her name be sandy . sandy ( v.0 . ) you will win , you be a winner . CUT to : 5 faith' bedroom Molly , faith 's youngest child , be mimick she mother , smear she lip with lipstick ; contortion of the mouth . CUT to : 6 downstair - george' study GEORGE but even if I win , I lose , if you know what I mean ? . sandy ( v.0 . ) forget we tonight , just try to have a good time . GEORGE it 's be so long since I have have a good time , I wonder if I still know how ... : cur to : ? upstair bedroom molly jill yeah ! yeah ! no no , I first -- marianne forget it , Mom , you will never get to the party . faith yeah , you guy be go to keep I here all night . ( continued ) y continued : 7 molly aw , come 'on , Mom , just a little -- faith swivel towards Molly . faith open wide . Molly part she lip . faith not you mouth , darling , you eye . Molly roll she eyes.upward . the girl squeeze close , everyone arching they eyebrow , flutter they eye - lash . except sherry , who drift towards the hallway . CUT to : telephone table - stair landing 8 sherry pick up the extension , but hold the cradle down , now carefully lift she finger , move in on sherry 's face . sandy ( v.0 . ) . where be you anyway ? GEORGE ( v.0 . ) Home . sandy ( v.0 . ) Home ! I think you would stop for gas . I think you be at the texaco . get off the phone , for God 's sake -- CUT to : bedroom - on molly 9 her eye beautifully outline now like a pre-raphaelite painting . faith beam at she handiwork . upstair - bedroom 9a faith now apply a touch of eyeliner , the child open they eye wide in support , faith check the eyeliner in the mirror . ( continued ) y 9 a continued : 9a she sigh . faith I hate it . jill I love it . Molly , entrance with she mother 's pencil , steal it to try some eyeliner for herself . faith , who have be busy with fingertip to eye , now reach for the pencil , but it be not there . she slap the boudoir tabletop in search of it , spy Molly . faith hey , moll , give we a break . Jill snatch the pencil away from Molly , hand it over to she mother . Molly 's face instantly a pudding of de - spair . faith notice . faith ( to Molly ) come here , let I show you . molly ( at the mirror ) how do I look ? jill like a hooker . molly so do you ! ( grab faith ) do I look like a hooker ? faith no , you look beautiful , you do not look anything like a hooker . molly ( to Jill ) see , I do not look anything like a hooker ! faith laugh , hug Molly . molly ( to faith ) what 's a hooker ? CUT to : 10 stairway 10 y George come up , sherry go down . they meet . sherry you be off the phone ? George pause . GEORGE what ? sherry I ask you if you be off the phone . GEORGE I be just talk to Jim . George continue up the stair . sherry Jim , huh ? be that why you whisper ? George turn around . —~ GEORGE yeah , that 's why I whisper . but sherry have not hear he reply , she have already turn to go downstairs . sherry ( call up to George ) you better hurry ! Mom look terrific ! 11 faith and george' bedroom ll George walk in . on GEORGE as faith turn around face he . a moment : George be pleased by he wife 's appearance . GEORGE you look really nice . faith what ? : - ( continued ) y continued : 1l GEORGE you look really pretty . faith you seem surprised . pause . GEORGE oh , forget it . silence . faith be the dress okay ? GEORGE oh , yeah . ( squint at faith 's dress ) it 's the one you wear last year , be not it ? faith why , do it still have wine on it ? GEORGE wine ? faith the wine you spill when Peter atchison win instead of you . GEORGE you always remember the wrong thing , George exit . sherry return , ease into the room , pick at a container of yogurt with a spoon . faith ( to sherry ) I look all right ? sherry you look fabulous , Mom , sherry offer she mother a spoonful of yogurt . but faith , still at the mirror , ignore she , she be shaking she head . faith be re-examine she dress . ( continued ) 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 ps faith it need a thing to gather it up at the waist . jill no , Mom , leave it like that , all smooth , faith I need a thing . where 's the silk rope that go with my linen dress -- I see it somewhere ? marianne between the big tree . faith ( incredulous ) where ? marianne the dryer break when it be Molly 's turn to do the laundry . she use it to hang out the wash . ~~ faith sigh . she catch a glimpse of sherry in the cor - ner of the mirror , sherry be wear a hide - and -fringe davy crockett belt . faith zeroe in on the belt ; instantly sherry and faith get the same idea . faith what do you think ? sherry ( take off she belt ) try it . jill now do not go wear sherry 's old belt , Mom -- sherry ignore she , help faith do the belt around she waist . now everyone check faith in the mirror . sherry it look great . — — ~ ( continued ) y ~~ 11 continued : ( 3 ) 11 marianne Real great , mom. molly pret-tee . faith do look charming , sherry 's scarf a touch which lift she to the edge of beauty ; faith 's smile take she the rest of the way . faith ... now everybody , get ready for bed -- Molly , you go to bed -- molly oh , come on , Mom -- you promise -- faith I do not -- the show do not go on ' till 11:30 -- you have get school -- molly you promise . you promise ! I have to go to bed last year . Molly start to cry . jill you do not promise . make she go to bed , Mom -- she will drive we crazy . Molly be desperate , inconsolable . faith lean over Molly . faith smile , shake she head . faith all ripht . you can stay up -- you can all stay up -- Molly hug she mother with one hand , give Jill the finger with the other . Jill stomp out , furious . sherry wrap faith 's jacket around she mother , pull she head close , whisper to faith . sherry that be she on the phone with he . the sound in the b.g , of the jabber child suddenly drop out . faith and sherry exchange a deep look . the sound suddenly return now , and faith instantly come back to life . ( continued ) y 11 12 continued : ( 4 ) 11 faith ( exite ) be good ! get ready for bed ! brush we tooth ! sherry , do you jomework ! -- Marianne , do not forget you worm medicinel -- marianne I hate it , it make my b.m. 's all red . faith ( out the door ) good , they be come out ! Jill , find you ballet slipper -- you have get class tomorrow ! Molly , if you be go to stay up , clean out you closet ! throw all that horrible underwear in the wash and , sherry , if the plumber call , tell he there 's a leak in the wash machine ! faith hurry out as the child run to catch up with she . ext . house - george' car 12 George at the wheel , Jill reach through the window to kiss she father . jill ( tousle George 's head ) I love you haircut . GEORGE thanks . jill you bow tie 's too skinny . GEORGE no , it 's not . it belong to grandpa . jill ( yanking ) it 's a real one ~- it 's not a clip -on . GEORGE yeah , I tie it myself . faith appear , she hurry towards the car , open the pas- senger side . Jill and Molly be hang on the car on the driver 's side . George roll down the window to kiss they . upstair , sherry pensively watch the car drive off . CUT to : 13 ~ ~ 14 15 m ~ 16 17 — _~ 10 . BAY bridge - evening 13 the light of San Francisco reflect over the water , through the iridescent dusk ; George 's car streaking across the picture postcard . ext . san francisco STREET - night 14 the clang of a cable car bell . the cable car fill then leave the frame , revealing goerge 's car right behind , he have be try to pass . int . george' car 15 GEORGE goddam thing . 1 could shoot tony bennett . George turn , accelerate sharply up a steep hill . GEORGE this city could die from quaint . faith stare out the window . GEORGE that be a joke . faith ignore he . GEORGE not funny , huh ? faith blink . GEORGE I would forget you would stop laugh . faith do not respond . CUT to : ext . fairmont HOTEL - night 16 crowd milling about the approach to the hotel . int . george' car 17 GEORGE be you go to help I through this tonight , or not ? ( continued ) 17 18 will . continued : 17 faith jeezus , look at all this people . I know we should have wash the car . ext . fairmont entrance 18 spotlight , a red carpet . a doorman open George 's door with a flourish . GEORGE ( quickly ) faith , be you with I ? faith it 's you night , George . George jump out , run around to help faith out , take she arm as photographer move in . he plunge forward , protect faith through the melee , right past the photog - rapher who , not recognize they , move on to the next arrival . GEORGE try to smile , will you ? there 's willard . : willard approach , a man in he sixty , a publishing type in a velvet jacket and peal slipper . willard hello , George , hello , faith . willard kiss faith . faith where 's isabel ? willard she 's inside already , scott , a eager young man , rush up . willard okay , George , this be Scott gruber from man publicity . scott {all aglow ) congratulation on a super book , Mr. dunlap -- GEORGE what be all this , willard ? ( continued ) 18 continued : 12 . 18 willard a little glamor , George . scott a little icing on the cake . a little pizzazz , a little hype . book be show biz , too . and we do have the winner here . he put he arm around George , lead he a step ahead of faith , Scott turn around . faith do not count you chicken , he have not win yet . scott this must be the missus ? faith ( eagerly ) faith dunlap , yes . Scott Scott gruber , publicity . Love you belt ] , faith shake he hand hard . scott now here 's how it go -- GEORGE here 's how what go ? willard patience , George . scott I would like you to turn around , Mr. dunlap -- ( turn George around ) can I call you George ? -- go back to the head of the carpet , George , do the walk - in again . GEORGE what be you talk about ? scott take it from the top . you will see , you be go to love it . ( continued ) — — ~ 18 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 willard you hear he , George . GEORGE but we be already in ... it 's so phony . scott follow I please . people be pull and push . faith , a yard behind , try to catch up . George turn to she , grab she arm . GEORGE for God 's sake , smile . faith bare all she tooth . faith ( through the tooth ) I be smile , I be smile . on scott lead George and faith past the snap photographer again , reporter scribbling . scott ( to the photographer ) George dunlap , ' the Court game , 's willoughby House . that 's dun-lap . dunlap with a 'a . ' the photographer chime " right this way , Mr. dunlap . over here , Mr. dunlap . " closeup - faith faith get separate for the moment from George . a photo team be check they caption . reporter ( to photographer ) and you be -- ? photographer ( prompt impatiently ) " George dunlap and friend . ' faith I be not he friend ! I be he wife ! photographer ( push past ) huh ? oh yeah . CUT to : ~~~ 19 20 14 , int . fairmont HOTEL 19 even gowns and black tie , banquet table , a dais , a giant banner , '' INTERNATIONAL book award " . scatter about be publisher and editor with three - piece dinner jacket , phi beta kappa key , lapel dot with legion of honor rosettes ; trendy young woman from the paperback . move in on a table close to the dais , George and faith seat between willard and he wife , isabel . isabel be a little drunk . isabel ( to faith ) every time George come to New York , all he can talk about be you and the child -- when be I ever go to see this wonderful child ? : faith I think I have some picture . ( start fishing helplessly in she crowded bag ) I know they be here somewhere . isabel oh do not bother , dear , I can just imagine how fabulous they be . ( consult she program ) when be non-fiction anyway ? CUT to : GEORGE and faith' house - kitchen television set 20 a master of ceremony , a Peter ustinov / Gore vidal type be lead the applause for a winner who be just walk away with he award , sherry , Jill , Marianne and Molly be perch in front of they set , watch . marianne where be they ? I still do not see they . Molly get up surreptitiously . sherry no more shredd wheat , Molly . molly it 's cap and crunch . ( continued ) 20 15 . continued : 20 sherry I do not care what it be . no more sugar and no more cream -- you know what mommy say -- jill oh I think I see they !... oh no , I do not . molly but I be hungry . sherry suck a acerola . emcee ( v.0 . ) have leave the nether world of fiction , we arrive at the cool , clear daylight of fact ... sherry so shut up everybody ! here it be ! on the tv - day the emcee be present with a card . he read : emcee ( v.0 . ) . and the winner be -- for ' the Court game ' -- George dunlap , on the child jump up and down , beside themselves with joy . on the tv everybody stand up and applaud , except for George . he look bewilder . on the child stil all excited as George rise unsteadily from he table . marianne daddy . jill dad-dee ! dad-dee ! sherry where 's Mom -- why do not she straighten he tie ? CUT to : 21 22 16 , banquet hall - day 21 the emcee hand George a statue and a check . the audience all stand up now and applaud . george' Pov a sea of face . the whole place a nervous blur . on GEORGE admire he statue , he hand tremble slightly . GEORGE ( turn now to address the gather ) '' I never think " the Court game 's would be so good to I -- and my family ... CUT to : GEORGE and faith' house - tv 22 molly _ ' his family ' ! the kid raise each other 's arm in triumph . jill take a bow , folk ! but Molly do not join in , she be still squinting at the tv. molly daddy look fat . marianne it 's he suit . sherry ( correct ) his tuxedo . marianne I think he rent it . molly why be he smile so much ? , ( continued ) 22 oo 23 ~~ 24 25 om , 17 . continued : 22 marianne I think he 's nervous . CUT to : day - GEORGE 23 GEORGE and I would also like to share this award with my friend , my helpmate ... that most thankless of occupation , writer 's wife , I mean my wife -- a portable tv camera whip around and zoom in on faith . GEORGE a lady so aptly name -- faith . Big applause . move in on faith smile nervously . GEORGE and faith' house - tv 24 the child hugging each other . molly Mom ! jill sensational ! molly fabulous ! marianne four star ! sherry ( glue to the tv ) do not my scarf look great ? CUT to : willard' table - on faith 25 still applaud shyly , still smile nervously . the SOUND of loud applause . : CUT to : 26 ~ om 27 28 29 ~~ 30 ~~ 18 . int . car - BAY bridge 26 silence , George and faith riding beside each other . move in on faith , the light of San Francisco reflect in she eye . tear . CUT to : int . gegrge and faith' house - night 27 George move down the hallway , edge into Jill 's bedroom , on jill 28 sleep soundly . George reach down , lift the cover , pick Jill up . '' she murmur contentedly in she sleep , she arm tighten around she father 's neck . on GEORGE and jill 29 George carry Jill down the hall into Marianne and Molly 's room . he lift Marianne 's cover . GEORGE ( whisper , to martanne ) move over , honey , George . shovel Jill in toe- to-head next to Marianne , draw the cover over they , they shift and stir for a@ moment , but then fall back asleep . George kiss each girl . another angle - GEORGE ; 30 tiptoe down the hall , enter Jill 's empty room , start to undress . sherry appear at the door , half - asleep , : sherry why be not you sleep in you own bed ? a moment . GEORGE mommy hurt she back in the crowd . and I be all pump up . I can not sleep -- I do not want to keep mommy up -- sherry ignore the lie . ( continued ) 30 T -™~ 31 32 be ~~ 19 , continued : . 30 sherry you have be fight again . sherry turn back towards she room . GEORGE be not you even go to congratulate I ? sherry ( as she go ) congratulation . sherry close she door without look back . GEORGE and faith 's bedroom 31 faith alone and still dress , stand at the window , stare outside , watch the moonlight as it dance off the trampoline and the bicycle . CUT to : ext . house - beyond the driveway - morning 32 Beyond the tree , almost hide from view , a school bus wait , honk its horn , pan down the driveway to the child . run after it . faith keep she eye on they from the front door . faith ( call out ) hurry ! hurry ! puddenly sherry turn around , start run back towards aith , sherry my barette ! my hair ! faith forget you barette ! run ! sherry turn around again , head back towards the bus now . faith have one hand on the doorknob , she happen to look down at she other hand , it be clutching a medicine bot - tle . faith wait ! Marianne 's worm medicine ! ( continued ) ~~ ~~ 32 33 20 . continued : 32 faith run down the driveway in she nightgown , sherry run back , they meet halfway , faith hand she the worm medicine , at the same time faith rip a pin from she own hair and give it to sherry for a barette . faith make sure she take one after lunch ! sherry grab the bottle . sherry she do not eat lunch ! she 's on a diet ! sherry be go . faite give it to she tea-cherr ! but no one hear faith , she voice drown out by the bus 's noisy departure . faith shiver , start to hurry back to - ward the house . on see the front door , she slow to a walk . : int . kitchen 33 George be fishing around underneath a kitchen cabinet . faith appear . faith what 's the matter ? GEORGE what 's the matter ? I can not find my glass . Christ . faith where do you leave they ? GEORGE I leave they right here -- faith be you sure they be not on you desk ? GEORGE I be lose everything . I can not find anything anymore . George still fishing , come up with a stub of a pencil , all pointless . ( continued ) yp 33 continued : GEORGE ( hold it up ) 21 . 33 I can not even find a goddam pencil , what do the kid do , use they for pick - up stix ?! and when I do finally rescue one , it 's chew over like a piece of licorice and it 's get a point like a gum -drop ! what do they do with my pencil point -- stick they in they goddam jujube ?! faith please , George , stop -- goerge stop what ?! where be my goddam glass ? I can not find my goddam glass ! how be I expect to work without my glass ?! faith then do not work -- GEORGE ( slowly and deliberately ) I be late on a Sunday piece . I have get the cover -- they close tomorrow -- do not work -- do not earn money -- that way we can all starve -- faith no one 's starve , George -- GEORGE ( slapping a empty carton ) Orange juice -- not even a goddam glass of orange juice . I have get the energy of a two - dollar whore in the morning . you know why ? the goddam kid drink all the goddam orange juice ! faith we run out -- I mean to get some on the way back last night -- GEORGE at two in the morning ? ( continued ) rf ~~ y 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 faith two in the morning 's be fine for you lately . GEORGE what be you talk about ? faith I be talk about night before last , George . GEORGE I be work . I be in town . faith you be with you lady friend . GEORGE my what ? faith ladyfriend . GEORGE " ladyfriend ? ' what kind of word be that ? faith it 's like ' fuck . ' only you do not tell anyone about it . a long , long silence . faith slowly begin to scrub the breakfast dish . word form in George 's mouth but no sound come out . he stare at faith 's back , only the clatter of china resounding through the kitchen . finally , George speak . GEORGE you want to talk about it ? faith scratch the leaving of some egg on a dish . George stride to the sink . GEORGE do not you think we should talk about it ? faith ignore George , keep scratch at the egg with she nail . GEORGE I say -- ( continued ) 33 i be 23 . continued : ( 3 ) 33 George grab the dish out of she hand and smashes it on the floor . GEORGE don't you think we should talk about itt ! faith grab she own dish and smashes that to the floor . faith no , I don't want to talk about iti ! George grab another dish and destroy it . GEORGE I think we should talk about it ! faith throw two dish , they clatter . faith ; and I don't want to talk about it ! now George pick up a whole armful of dish and send they splintering into piece to the floor . GEORGE I want to talk about itii ! George be suddenly spend , he be leave stare at faith . but she drill he back , she do not give way at all . they voice drop to some icy pitch . GEORGE I be leave . faith good . GEORGE I be pack my bag . faith it 's already pack . GEORGE what ? faith it 's on the chair upstairs . I pack it last night . a moment between they , then George sprint upstairs . ( continued ) ) 33 34 24 . 's continued : ( 4 ) 33 faith look down at the dish she have smashed to the floor , bend to pick up the piece . the SOUND of George thumping above as faith rest the piece of dish on the sink , absent - mindedly try to fit they together . George appear in the kitchen doorway , he suitcase beside he . he stare at faith , dare she tv look up . but faith be - fuse , she eye remain on the piece of dish , she finger still silently fitting they together . another angle George walk out of the kitchen and into the hallway . when he leave , faith turn away from the sink , to the kitchen window beside she . tear . hallway 34 George put he coat on by the front door , he suitcase by he side . on george' face lock , suspend . george' Pov Molly 's shoe nestle on a stair . on GEORGE stare right through the shoe . his eye move across to he study . george' Pov - study the corkboard , the desk , the piece of George 's life . george' Pov - dine room a pair of child 's jeans rumple beneath a chair . george' Pov - kitchen a hint of faith ; the clatter of dish . ( continued ) 34 oe 35 ~ 36 37 — 25 . continued : 34 on GEORGE he look down at he hand freeze on the door knob . the hardest exit of he life . he snatch at the handle and slam the door shut . fade to black . fade in : closeup - frying pan 35 7:30 am . sherry cook chip beef , stripping off meat , pour in milk and cream , set up plate , drop in toast , a dexterous mother . sherry Jill , Marianne , Molly -- bre-aak-fast ! perpetual motion now , sherry adjust place mat , fill glass of milk , flipping burnt toast into a rectangle of water in the sink , tucking the phone into she shoulder , spilling the beef onto plate , punch out a number on the telephone . sherry ( into the phone ) be you the service or be you Dr. Moore ? -- you be Dr. Moore 's nurse -- I want to make a appointment for Jill dunlap -- she hurt she foot in ballet class last week , she 's limping and she 's get worse ... no , not out of school ' till 3:30 ... no , piano lesson at 4:15 ... no -- sister ... 4:45 . bye ! sherry run down the hall from the kitchen with the pan of chip beef . sherry ( call upstairs ) I be throw it out ! int . faith' bedroom 36 faith asleep . the camera pick up the upstairs hallway and find the 37 child 's bathroom , twin sink , soile clothes mantle the toilet , toothpaste smear , Jill and Marianne pee - ing , dress . sherry ( 0.s. ) ( yell up again ) I say I be throw it out -- jill ( yell down ) go on and throw you shit out ! 38 39 40 26 . on molly 38 stump into faith 's bedroom . she fall gently on to she mother . faith grunt , roll over . Marianne appear . marianne you get out of bed , Mom ? faith I be tired . marianne you be never tired . why be you so tired ? you sleep in yesterday . Molly tug at Marianne 's sleeve . marianne ( to Molly ) you sock 's in the bathroom -- faith , eye close , roll over onto she stomach , point downward . marianne ( take the clue ) you shoe 's under the bed . Molly crawl under the bed . she find she shoe , put it on . CUT to : kitchen - 39 Jill run in and pour herself a glass of Tang . sherry look at she . sherry goddammit , I make the goddam breakfast and nobody eat it ! sherry pitch the whole pan of chip beef into a sinkful of dishwater . the stuff land with a splash . CUT to : upstair - faith' bedroom 40 marianne ( at the window ) he 's here . he 's at the end of the driveway . faith ( from under the cover ) one minute to eight . sherry enter . ( continued ) y y yp 40 41 27 . continued : 40 sherry he 's be wait since quarter to . molly remember Monday , he come all the way up the driveway . marianne's Pov George 's car exhaust fume , a yellow school bus appear behind . marianne here come the bus . faith rise up now . faith hurry up . the child all dive on faith , they kiss she fiercely , she seem energize for the instant . but in a moment , when the child be go , she fall back onto the pillow , exhaust . CUT to : george' car - at the end of the driveway 41 Marianne , Jill and Molly climb in . on sherry trotting down the step of the house . on GEORGE wait in he car for sherry . on the bus driver shift impatiently . on GEORGE smiling as sherry approach . George swing open the door on the passenger side . GEORGE good morning , princess ... CUT to : y 28 . 42 house - bedroom window 42 faith by the curtain , look out . CUT to : 43 GEORGE - in he car 43 sherry ignore George , walk past and climb on the bus . the Driver slam the door shut and the bus roll away . 434 on GEORGE 43a throw he car into gear . CUT to : 44 house - bedroom window 44 faith watch the tableau disappear . CUT to : 45 school bus 45 go out on sherry profile against the bus window , she head bounce gently against the glass . CUT to : 46 int . george' car 46 George chauffeur , Jill , Marianne and Molly squeeze in the back seat . molly be we go to stop for hot chocolate this morning ? GEORGE sure , honey . jill what about basketball gum ? be we go to stop for basketball gum ? GEORGE let 's skip the basketball gum this morning . molly aw , daddy , you say yesterday . we would go to the crud shop today . ( continued ) 46 47 continued : ext . MAIN 29 . 46 jill it 's true , daddy . that 's what you say . GEORGE what about you , Marianne ? be you desperate to go to the crud shop ? marianne ( look out the window ) whatever you say , daddy . jtll where we go this weekend , daddy ? be we go to see the basketball game , watch Jim play ? GEORGE Jim 's not play this weekend . he hurt he ankle -- I think we might go up north ... Jack London 's house ++» the olden day -- molly neat . jill we will go alone with you , no one else ? marianne be that lady go to come ? GEORGE Sandy ? I do not know . why ? marianne just wonder . STREET 47 George pull up , hustle the kid out of the car and into a co fee shop , a high school hangout , but nicer . cashier how're the dunlap today ? GEORGE good , thanks . ( continued ) 47 30 . continued : 47 cashier ( beam on the girl ) how 's sherry ? GEORGE terrific . take the bus , like to go with she friend . George hurry towards the back where the girl have sit down . molly I want a Coke , GEORGE no coke . molly aw , gee -- shut up , Molly . counterman four hot chocolate , right ? GEORGE you get it . the counterman draw the hot chocolate . molly what about the basketball gum ? GEORGE Molly , you be get a hot chocolate , how much crap can you eat before school ? marianne a lot . jill funn-ee . Molly , in a rush to drink she hot chocolate , spill it . GEORGE jee-zus ! Marianne , try to help Molly mop up the mese , now spill hers . ( continued ) 47 48 48a 49 50 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 GEORGE Holy Christ ! can not you watch out ?! jill oh God , we be go to be late for school . GEORGE all right , all right , I will give you a note , for cry out loud . ext . school 48 George scribbling note on a pad that hang from the rear - view mirror -- hand the note to the child and push they out of the car . " bye , dad , " " have a nice day , dad , " " get you car wash , dad , it 's all filthy . " the child run for the empty school doorway . George watch they disappear inside . move in on George . a film of sweat on he face , he body 484 collapse with fatigue . GEORGE jeezus . his head tilt back wearily on the seat . GEORGE how do she do it ? George take one last glimpse at the school , blurry shape of activity inside the window . he breathes a huge sigh of relief and drive off . CUT to : ext . pacific ocean - stinson beach 49 the surf roll in , a perfect sunlit day . pan across a white beach to a simple redwood house . int . sandy'' house 50 George sit behind a desk , stare at a chinese lacquer cupful of razor - sharp pencil . beside the pencil holder , a electric sharpener . George insert a pencil in the sharpener , a light immediately flash indicate the pencil be sharp . George withdraw the pencil , blow off a wispy curl of graphite . he now replace the pencil in the cup , select a new one , repeat the process . CUT to : 51 be oe 32 . int . faith and george' house - bedroom 51 faith be in bed with Molly , Marianne and Jill , the chil - dren 's schoolbook discard in front of they . faith play a board game ( " sorry ! " ) with Molly , a tv flicker in the corner , the tv have Marianne and Jill 's attention . they be : in the game too , but Molly be the only serious player . molly sorry , Mom ! go back twelve space . faith but that put I back where I start from . molly okay , do not go back twelve space , ( shrug ) how " bout six ? jill ( turn from the tv . hey , that 's not fair ... molly shut up . Molly hit Marianne on the arm . molly you turn . the SOUND of a car pull up outside . no one pay much attention . as a commercial come on the tv , Marianne take the opportunity to go to the bathroom , glance out the window as she go . the tv show come back on . faith and Molly continue with they game as Jill remain glue to the set . Marianne , however , remain at the window ; she giggle . jill what be it , Marianne ? marianne it 's daddy , with a policeman . faith hesitates , squeezing the dice tight in she fist . Jill look up , go to the window . now Jill giggle , too . molly what be it ? ( continued ) y 51 52 33 . continued : 51 jill what Marianne say -- daddy with a policeman . Molly leave she mother and the game , join the other at the bathroom window . molly ( giggle ) it 's daddy all right , with the cop from in front of the school . faith well , someone better let they in . Jill run downstairs as faith throw on a baggy T-shirt and jeans . . CUT to : ext . doorway / 52 George wait patiently with a policeman . Jill stare through the door at the policeman , the policeman stare down at he shoe . faith rush to open the door , Molly and Marianne right behind she . faith now open the door , see George . a second 's silence . faith hello , George . GEORGE I come to get my book . faith tonight ? GEORGE I say I would be here Wednesday at eight . ( check he watch ) I 'ma little late . this be Officer knudson . he could not get away until now . knudson tip he hat . faith usher they inside . knudson ( policeman ) sorry , Ms. dunlap . ( continued ) 34 . 52 continued : 52 , 7s faith ( warmly ) that 's quite oh right . how be ' you , Officer knudson ? knudson smile . knudson Fine thanks , Ms. dunlap . knudson quickly glance down at he shoe again . Molly , Marianne and Jill follow he glance . they giggle ; he touch he holster . GEORGE 's Leo suggest I bring a officer along . faith who 's Leo ? GEORGE spinelli , my lawyer . faith smile . ! faith . oh yes . GEORGE well ... knudson ( rock on he heel ) well ... faith ( to George ) '' well , I guess everything 's ready for you in the study . 52a faith lead the way , follow by George and knudson , the 524 child trail . faith ( to the child ) you kid go upstairs now -- do you homework -- of ~ '' molly aw come on , Mom -- ( continued ) 524 53 53a 35 . continued : 52a GEORGE go ahead now . do as you mother say . knudson look at the child sternly , and they move indian - file upstairs . int . study " 53 box of book around , the corrugate flap tuck under each other . faith reach down to pick up a box . GEORGE it 's okay , I will do it myself , George take the box from she and carry it out of the house . ext . house - faith' Pov 534a faith have move to the study window , through it she can see George flip open the trunk of he car , slide in the box . on faith she turn around to find knudson shifting uneasily . faith we will be all right , I promise -- knudson of course , Ms. dunlap . faith why do not you just go along ? . knudson I do not mind . honest . faith well , how about a cup of coffee then ? knudson do not mind if I do . George appear . knudson swallow . faith and you , George -- ? ( continued ) 53a 54 36 . continued : 53a GEORGE what -- ? faith coffee ? GEORGE ( heaving another box ) no thanks . faith some tea ? GEORGE thank you , no . George continue out again with the box . faith ( to the policeman ) let 's go get you you coffee . on faith and knudson 54 knudson guide around a pile of book , follow faith into the kitchen . she pour some coffee . faith help yourself to cream and sugar knudson I appreciate it . ( tapping he pocket do you mind if I smoke ? faith no , please do . May I join you ? knudson you betcha . faith smile again as knudson offer she a cigarette , light it . faith I have not see you at the school , have I ? knudson yes , mar 'am , be there every day . faith I guess I have not . ( continued ) ) 54 55 37 . continued : 54 knudson what ? faith ( trail off ) be there ... faith smile nervously . faith you be out this way before ? knudson no , mar 'am , this be a first for I . faith yeah , I too , George re-enter the house , glance towards the kitchen as he pass , continue into the library . faith puff cheerfully on she cigarette as George walk by . faith ( brightly , to knudson ) I guess I better get on with this . Excuse I . another angle 55 knudson stay with he coffee as faith move back into the library with George . she reach for a bookshelf , remove a few last book , hand they to George . but leave one . GEORGE be not that my cassell 's ? George reach for the book . , GEORGE mine have the first twenty page miss -- through ' avoirdupois . ' he open the inside front cover , " faith devoe , Paris , 1967 . " George toss the book back on the shelf . GEORGE I wonder what happen to mine . faith you leave it in the restaurant in provence , remember ? ( continued ) 38 . 55 continued : 55 GEORGE what restaurant ? y faith the one with that terrible piano player . GEORGE oh yeah -- the one who play the Beatles song in french . George sing , he sound like a bad maurice Chevalier . GEORGE ( sing ) " SI je commence a t'aimer ' faith ( sing ) ' promets - tu d'etre fidele ' faith and GEORGE ( together ) ' ET do m'aider a comprendre ... ' ~ knudson , embarrassed , cough . knudson ( interrupt ) I think I will wait in the vehicle . faith sure thing . knudson exit . a sheepish smile from faith . GEORGE you always have such a pretty smile . another smile from faith . GEORGE I be sorry about knudson -- spinelli insisted it be a good idea . you know ... my lawyer . faith oh , that 's okay ... the policeman seem very nice ... GEORGE ( shrug ) we have to be grow up , I guess ... y ( continued ) yp y 55 39 . continued : ( 2 ) / 55 faith '' yeah -- I guess ... grow up ... yu . yeah , sure , we should be grow up by now , George . faith smile again nervously . the telephone ring . faith quickly push a last pile of book on the kitchen table towards George . she grab the phone . faith hello ? -- oh hi ? how're you ? ~- no , no indigestion . be you kid ? how could you afford indigestion after mouton-rothschild ? -- I sleep like a baby -- no , alone . she laugh . George have turn around by now , and be stare at she . faith look just past he glance , fond - ling the telephone cord . faith . oh , I can not -- I have somebody here right now -- GEORGE " somebody ? 's faith ( to George ) sssh. ( to the phone ) no , Jerry , you go right ahead . GEORGE Jerry ! faith I can not , jer -~ it 's a stay - at - home kind of night -- wash the hair and everything , you know ... geroge be try to stack book , but he can not get they the way he want , he be too distract by the conversation . paith next week , maybe -- sure -- I will be here -- ' bye , Jerry . she hang up . GEORGE Jerry ? Jerry fuck Mills ? ' ( continued ) 55 continued : silence . 40 . ( 3 ) 55 faith no fuck . we only have dinner . GEORGE you eat dinner ? faith sure . GEORGE you eat dinner with a insurance man ? faith why not ? it be lovely . he 's charming . a really nice guy . GEORGE you drank wine with he ? faith sure I drank wine . good wine . I can not tell you how many premium it must have cost he . GEORGE you hate wine . faith I be develop a taste for it . GEORGE you always drank milk . do not you remember that chinese headwaiter you say milk and meat would give you cancer ? faith that 's why I be drink wine now . faith lead the way to the front door , George follow . she wait by the door , but George do not move . GEORGE who would have believe it ? a goddamn insurance man . faith we have to be grow up about this , George -- ( pause ) do you want to say goodbye to the child ? ( continued ) ) ) 55 56 cs continued : ( 4 ) 55 GEORGE ' the child 's ? what 's that -- " the child ' ? it sound so legal . faith ( call up ) Jill ! Marianne ! moll-lee ! in the doorway 56 George hang there , and suddenly Molly , Marianne and Jill appear . faith line the child up for George to bend and kiss they . GEORGE goodnight , kid . they hug George fiercely . " goodnight , daddy ! goodnight ! " he hold on tight to they . molly ( look around ) where 's the policeman ? do Mom do something wrong ? GEORGE no no , darling , he just come to help I get my book . ( a moment ) where 's sherry ? — the girl look at faith . falth ( hesitant ) she 's stay overnight at joanne 's . a awkward silence , a door slam upstairs . George look upstairs . GEORGE oh . George release Jill , Molly and Marianne , stare longingly at they for a moment , then turn to go . faith I will walk you to the car . GEORGE do not bother . ym 57 ! be , '' | | ' ! i ~ I 58 ' i , 42 . ext . GEORGE and faith' house - night 57 Officer knudson get out of he car as George cross to he . knudson call up to faith on the porch . knudson ( tipping he cap ) g'night , Ms. dunlap ! thanks for the coffee ! faith anytime . knudson you out here alone with the child now ? after a moment . faith yes I be . knudson I would get some bolt on that door if I be you . Front and back . knudson climb into he car . faith wave goodbye to knudson and he wave back , George have already pull out , knudson follow right behind . CUT to : ext . beach - in front of sandy'' house - day 38 George -- Jill , Marianne and Molly behind he -- slogging through the sand . the sun be hot , the girl uncomfortable . George wipe he forehead , replace he sunglass . GEORGE Real pretty , be not it ? molly I think you do not like the beach . jill be this the back way ? ( continued ) ) y ) y 58 continued : 43 . 58 GEORGE no , the front way . the front way be the scenic way . I think we would go in this way . the back 's just a regular driveway . marianwe next time , let 's go the back way . jill yeah , the back way 's okay for we . marianne be he go to be there ? GEORGE who ? marianne do not she have a little boy ? GEORGE oh , you mean timmy . marianne ( try the name out , not like it ) ' timmy ... GEORGE timmy 's with he father , be not it pretty ? molly you get sand in you shoe , dad ? do not you hate the sand in you shoe ? GEORGE I think you would like this -- the beach and all -- the boat and everything -- marianne no , the regular driveway 's good enough for we , dad -- GEORGE I think it be pretty this way -- be not it pretty ? ( desperate ) jee-zus , ( continued ) 58 58a 44 , continued : ( 2 ) 58 jill sure , sure it 's pretty , daddy . Scenic . marianne yeah , very scenic . they look up at several flight of step to a deck . Jill take a swipe at Molly , prompt she . molly yeah , it 's pretty all right . Molly now cue Marianne with a pinch . marianne very pretty , daddy . the beach and the boat and everything . very pretty . ( after a moment ) be it always this hot ? they start climb up the back stair . George take they little plastic suitcase from they , clutching they all in one hand , he give Molly a boost with the other ; Jill and Marianne trudge up the stair in silence . on the front door 58a a weathered teak door , old but expensive brass fitting . the exterior of the place understate , in good taste , a attention to detail , on molly wait at the door . on jill watch the door . on marianne stare at the door . on GEORGE he bang the knocker , nervously sneaking a look at the girl . after a long silence : ( continued ) 58a 59 45 . continued : 58a molly be she pretty ? before George can answer , the door open and sandy appear : a neat , attractive young woman , a open smile , and a wul - nerable air to she ; bright , not wise but quick and charn - ing ; freshness incarnate . on the child semi-curious , semi-dazzled . on sandy beam down at the wait face . sandy ( to Molly ) ro 5411 ) hi. moll Jill ( to Marianne ) Marianne . Sandy offer herself unblushingly . sandy well , do I pass ? Jill smile warily , Molly look past she into the house . Marianne hang hack , hold on to she father by the suitcase , sandy come on in ! int . sandy'' house . 59 the child move right inside . as George pass Sandy , ghe kiss he on the lip . the child notice ; make a ace . sandy ( to George ) I be look for you at the back door . . molly daddy like the front way . he like the boat . ( continued ) 59 60 46 . continued : 59 sandy ( to the girl ) I have lemonade and chocolate chip cookie ... marianne oh , great ... ( whisper to Molly ) I hate chocolate chip cookie . cuT to : int . GEORGE and faith' house - bathroom 60 faith lie in the tub , she eye close , enjoy this first few moment she have have to herself in a long time . she open she eye , reach for some bath salt in a cabinet , sprinkle they in the bath . also in the cabinet , a chinese box , faith lift the lid ; a half - smoke stick of marijuana , a box of match . she light the joint , inhale it deeply , enjoy it . some trace of song form on she lip , she begin to hum . it be the same song she and George begin together last night . she sing softly , plaintively , sldwly : faith " SI je commence a t'aimeiz promess - tu d‘etre fioele ET do m'aider a comprenore ... ( pause ) " cause I 've be in love before , and I found that love be more than just holding hand if I give my heart to you I must be sure , from the very start , that you would love I more than he " cause I couldn't stand the pain ... ' on the word '' pain , " she drift . a moment . a distant memory come back to she . the telephone ring . faith reach for a towel , climb out of the tub and answer the phone . y 61 62 62a 47 . at the phone 61 a photograph on the telephone table , George and faith 's wedding , faith dance with a silver - haire man , handsome , almost dash , a carnation in he buttonhole , a smart cutaway , stripe pants . falth ; hello ? oh hi , mother , how 's dad ? . I see ... you be sure ?... hey , I read this thing about some holistic health place , they be really get somewhere -- ( stop ) no , of course -- do it you way ... no , I would not dream of tell you what to do ... fine , fine ... no , they be away with George for the weekend ... ( pause ) yes , I know who she be . ( another pause ) I do not have money for a big city lawyer ... but the one I have be suppose to be very good -- he name be katz ... Howard katz -- he 's know as the Butcher ... ( smile ) they make the best divorce lawyer , mother -- ( irritate ) George be my business , mother -- I be sorry ... I know how you feel -- ( pause ) give my love to dad , kiss he for I ... and love to you , Mom . yes , goodbye . yeah -- I be sorry , too . she hang up . CUT to : long shot - driveway 62 a four-wheel - drive pickup . cuut to : faith - at the bedroom window 624 faith reach for she T-shirt and bent over , try to figure out who the visitor be . the doorbell ring , faith pull on she jeans , run downstairs . 63 48 . at the front door 63 faith open the door to a attractive man about 37 , he wear jeans and a denim work shirt , he face direct yet reticent ; the man 's name be frank . wait in the truck , a@ young man , rick . hitched to the truck be a backhoe , faith yes ? frank Frank Henderson , mar 'am . faith yes ? frank the tennis court . we speak on the phone . faith make a face , faith oh my God -- frank you say the first of this month , do not you ? faith I do , but that be so long ago . frank you do not want the tennis court anymore ? faith no , well yes ... well , I do not know ... she look past Frank to a grove of tree beyond the house . faith I have want that tennis court for five year . frank that 's a long time to wait . Frank turn around , glance back at he young partner in the truck ; Rick wave . frank it 's five hundred dollar to start . ( continued ) 63 continued : silence . silence , a pause , 49 . 63 faith ( echoing emptily ) five hundred dollar . frank that 's what we discuss , Mrs. dunlap -- I set aside this time for you -- I turn down work , I hope you understand . faith of course I understand -- I do want you to go ahead with the court -- there 's only one problem . frank what 's that , Mrs. dunlap ? faith I do not have five hundred dollar , frank ( look up at the house ) that 's hard for I to believe , Mrs. dunlap -- faith my husband leave I . frank oh. faith and right now I be knee - deep in lawyer and separation agreement and child support and a whole bunch of shit -- it 's hard right now -- so I do not know when I could pay you -- I only know I would pay you -- but I guess that 's not good enough for you -- frank yeah , I be sorry -- I get a partner back there and stuff ... you know how it be -- ( continued ) 63 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 faith oh yeah , well never mind . it would have be nice -- listen , thanks for come out -- I hope I have not cost you too much time -- frank no , that 's okay -- faith I be sorry -- frank yeah , I too -- where be you go to - put the court ? faith tilt she head . faith in the grove . Frank look over . frank yeah , nice spot . faith sorry -- frank yeah , sorry -- he walk away ; then turn around . frank when would I get my five hundred ? faith the end of the month . I will give you a note for the rest . frank okay . faith okay , what ? ( continued ) 63 io a a a ) | . 64 '' t ' 's ! 1 , 7 i ' ! ' 1 h ~~ 51 . continued : ( 3 ) 63 frank I '11 do it . faith you will ? that 's great ! I will see you in the grove in two minute . she disappear into the house as Frank head out to Rick . at the truck 64 Rick lean out the window . frank get the backhoe off . rick you get a check ? frank not exactly . rick for chrissake -- frank get it off ! rick okay , okay . in a moment , they have laid some plank and Frank have roll the backhoe down . frank and rick's Pov faith crossing to the grove in front of they . angle - frank and rick frank her husband leave she . rick . I see . frank besides , I like she . Rick watch faith walk excitedly towards the grove , she short crease in the sunlight . ( continued ) '' =~ 64 65 52 . continued : 64 rick her or she ass ? Frank look back . frank I have not notice she ass . rick then there 's something deeply wrong with you , Frank . see you later . Rick start up the truck and drive away . CUT to : ext . jack london house - day 65 the ruin of a magnificent house , all stone and arch , dry - up reflect pool , char timber , the bath of caracalla bury in the Northern California countryside . pull back to reveal George and Sandy with Molly and Jill . they be stand on a overlook surveying the ruin ; Marianne read a brochure . molly spooky . GEORGE they say it be really beautiful once . sill what happen ? GEORGE the night before Jack London be to move into this house , somebody set fire to it . jill who set fire to it ? GEORGE they do not know . could have be one of the workmen . could have be somebody jealous -~ he be a very great author -- they do not know . jill then what happen ? ( continued ) 65 66 53 . continued : 65 GEORGE Jack London lose everything . all up in smoke . sandy but he still have he wife . Marianne consult she brochure . marianne his second wife . jill she love he a lot . GEORGE he be everything to she . Sandy take George 's hand . on the trail 66 a path lead from the ruin of the house to Jack London 's grave . wildflower and winter shrub , the child gather as they go . jill what happen to Jack London 's first wife ? after a moment . GEORGE I do not know , Jill , I do not know . molly what about he kid ? do he have any kid ? GEORGE ( to Sandy ) there be child , be not there ? sandy I be not sure . marianne the leaflet say two . ( continued ) 66 67 54 . continued : : 66 molly what else do the leaflet say ? what do it say about the child , Marianne ? . marianne nothing . it do not say anything about the child . I guess he forget about they after he marry he second wife . curt to : closeup - rock , jack london' grave 67 molly such a important man -- that 's all that 's leave ? marianne just a rock . jill it 's a pretty rock . Jill climb over the fence now and lay a flower by the rock . Molly and Marianne do the same ; however , they do not use all they flower , they braid some in each other 's hair as George and Molly look at the rock . molly how old be he when he die ? GEORGE forty . molly not old . GEORGE no , not old . but he never stop work -- he never stop write -- Jack London be a wonderful man -- pan back with Jill towards George , he be all within himself . molly you bet he be , dad -- jill he be a wonderful man . ( continued ) 67 68 55 . . continued : 67 Jill take George 's hand . marianne yeah , he be a wonderful man . Marianne take George 's other hand . the two child comfort George . silence . on sandy she seem uncomfortable , almost disapprove at the close - ness of George and the two child . sandy let 's go . the trail close at four . CUT to : int . northern california inn - night 68 Jill and Molly be in bed , Marianne sit on the edge of the other bed , lighting a candle . George be tucking the child in . Sandy enter in she nightgown . sandy . Romeo and juliet -- GEORGE what do you mean ? sandy this be the longest goodnight in history . marianne he be just tucking we in -- Sandy smile . sandy ( gently ) I will help , take you shower , George . she kiss he on the lip . GEORGE ( exite , to child ) when I come back , I '1l kiss you goodnight . ( continued ) '' 56 . . $ 8 continued : 68 sandy why do not you kiss they now ? George comply and kiss the child . jill Sandy , you be bossy . sandy yes I be , I want a little time with daddy to myself . marianne you have a lot more time than we mother do . molly yeah , and she do not make we go to bed so early , either . sandy you mother and I do thing differently . GEORGE ( cheerfully , to the child ) see you in the morning . George go . martanne I will bet you want to make love to daddy ? Molly giggle . sandy ( unblanch ) yes , I do . what 's wrong with that ? jill what 's it like to make love to daddy ? sandy a rare and beautiful thing . ( to Marianne ) get into bed now , Marianne . Marianne get into bed . Molly sit up . ( continued ) 68 om ' 1 1 ' t : ' , '' a 69 { t I 70 — 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 68 molly but what 's it really like ? sandy ( after a moment , smile ) what 's it really like ? it 's like eat ice cream . Sandy turn out the light , close the door . sandy goodnight , everybody . cut to : black molly ( v.0 . ) " it 's like eat ice cream ... 's Molly start to giggle hard . Marianne catch the giggle . a torrent of giggle . jill I think it 's disgusting . CUT to : ext . sandy'' house - dusk ( rain ) 69 as George drive up , the SOUND of the child sing a round , " row , row , row you Boat , " George and Sandy sing along with they . Sandy get out now , wave good - bye to the child . CUT to : mcdonald be - late afternoon ( rain ) 70 George 's car roll in , as George pull into a parking slot , the window steam the instant he turn the wiper off . GEORGE all right , what do you want ? molly I want a Big Mac , a strawberry shake , a double french fries , and a apple pie . ( continued ) 58 . 70 continued : 70 |o™ GEORGE | 0.k . what do you want , ji11 ? jill ! I want a double cheeseburger , a vanilla shake and two apple pie . ' GEORGE you can not have two apple pie . '' jill why not ? I be have one instead of my french fries . GEORGE ' . you can not have two apple pie . jill then Molly can not have french fries and apple pie . molly I can so -- that 's what I have . last time -- . . ~~ jill i if you can have french fries and apple pie -- I can have two apple 1 pie -- | molly that 's not fair -- ' marianne shut up , Molly . molly ) shut up yourself . GEORGE shut up , both of you ! ( silence ) it 's almost six o'clock . I be suppose to have you home by six o'clock . silence . just the sound of rain . GEORGE what do you want , Marianne ? marianne nothing . ( continued ) 70 oo ym 71 72 ~~ 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 70 GEORGE what do you mean , nothing -- ? marianne nothing , I be not hungry . GEORGE you have get to have something , you have not eat . ; marianne all right , I will have a Big Mac , a chocolate shake , a double french fries and a cherry pie . jill she can not have that , if I can not -- GEORGE never mind ! George get out of the car , hustle through the rain . Marianne lean forward , turn on the car radio . Jill snap she finger to the music . Molly play with the directional signal . Marianne observe she father through the restaurant window . int . mcdonald be 71 Inside -- " you , you're the one ... at mcdonald 's! at mcdonald be ! " countergirl yes sir , can I help you ? George 's face be blank , he be strike dumb for the moment . now he grope , but no word come out . countergirl ( still smile ) yes sir ! GEORGE ( after a moment ) I would like -- jeezus , I forget what I want . CUT to : int . george' car ; 72 George be hand out the food . ( continued ) 72 73 74 60 . continued : 72 GEORGE here 's for you , Molly -- a Big Mac , a big french fries , a strawberry shake and a apple pie -- Jill , a double cheeseburger , a vanilla shake and two apple pie , Marianne -- a Big Mac , a chocolate shake , a big french fries and a cherry pie . marianne what do you get , daddy ? GEORGE a fishwich . the girl tear into they package , start eat . George do not open he sandwich . he rest he head against the rainy window , peer out . george' Pov - shopping mall stereo store , hardware , furniture and florist flanking a huge k - Mart , the shopping center dismal and desert in the late Sunday rain . int . george' car 73 molly be not you go to eat you fishwich , daddy ? marianne leave he alone , he 's think . silence , the child squint at George , he head in profile lean against the window . '' molly you angry , daddy ? jill shut up ... he 's just sad , go out on a cacophony of child 's straw , noisily suck - ing on the bottom of they empty plastic container . CUT to ; ext . GEORGE and faith' house ( rain ) 74 faith come run down the step as George drive up with the child , ( continued ) or ~ 74 61 . continued : 74 faith hi ! . hil do you have a good time ?! molly yeah ! yeah ! we go to McDonald 's . the child rush past she into the kitchen , George ap - pear with the plastic suitcase . faith I will take they . faith reach for the suitcase , start to move back in the house with they , but George follow she . faith turn to George in the doorway ; they be neither inside nor outside the house , but perch on the doorstep , protect from the rain by a overhang . GEORGE {suddenly } it 's sherry 's birthday next week . faith ( turn ) yes ...? GEORGE I think maybe she would spend the day with I -- I have ticket for the Ice capade . faith well , you will have to discuss that with she , GEORGE I already do -- I call she at school -- she say she do not want to go . . faith well , I guess she do not want to go , then -- GEORGE I think perhaps you might speak to she -- faith I do not think so , George . I think it 's between you and she . ( continued ) 74 continued : 62 , ( 2 ) 74 GEORGE I have a present for she . a portable typewriter . a olivetti. George shift he body to steal a glance at sherry inside , faite that 's nice , George . sherry really want a typewriter . after a moment . GEORGE I will come by with it . faith sure . GEORGE the other night , when I pick up my book , I might have take a few of you cookbook by mistake . faith ( laugh ) do not worry about it , George . you know I , they be mostly decoration anyway . besides , I be change the kitchen around . GEORGE you be ? faith I be go to put a big rya rug in front of the fireplace -- GEORGE what about the couch -- ? faith right behind the rug , face the fireplace . ( pause ) how do you know about the couch ? GEORGE it be the last thing we talk about ... when we be talk . George break off . ( continued ) 74 63 . continued : ( 3 ) 74 faith stare at he for a moment , then turn to go back in the house . Frank appear , head past faith out to the driveway . George , surprised to see Frank , stare at he Frank hesitates in the doorway . : faith George , this be Frank Henderson . frank ( courteously ) hello . faith Frank , this be -- be my husband . Frank offer he hand . George shake it . . GEORGE hullo . Frank keep go . frank I '1l be back . faith okay , Frank . George turn to watch Frank climb into he truck , which be invisible behind the garage . there be a shell over the truck now . GEORGE who 's he ? faith just someone help out . GEORGE helping out ? faith he 's building we tennis court . GEORGE . tennis court ? faith sure . out in the grove . GEORGE I do not want any goddam tennis court at my house . ( continued ) '' ~~ 74 64 , continued : ( 4 ) 74 faith you house ? be you kid ? we kind of think it 's we house . GEORGE our ? faith I and the child , GEORGE this be my house . I fix up this house . faith you be not at this house anymore , George . you walk out -- remember ? foot first . or maybe there be something else precede you . another angle - sherry at the kitchen window , peek out at she mother and father through the rain . George see she and sherry turn away from the window . GEORGE ( back to faith ) this house be not you house yet . faith it 's get late , George -- the child have school tomorrow . maybe we should talk about this some other time . goodnight , George . she close the door , George turn , see sherry peer at he through the window again . follow George , tiptoeing through the puddle under the overhang , past the kitchen window , sherry watch she father thro the vapore glass . George stop , suddenly waggle he finger at sherry in greeting . she do not respond . on sherry back off from the window , but keep she eye on George 's car as it splashes off into the wet night . cur to : 75 oo | | ' 76 1 ' | / 77 1 ? hr , p ' 1 ' ! | , 4 we ' 4 ' ~~ 65 . ext . faith be house - tennis court 75 feverish activity , Frank work with a grader , sherry and faith help along , heaving rock , they be building a dry wall . Jill , Molly and Marianne play in the b.g. another angle - grader 76 sherry in Frank 's lap , learn how to operate the machine , work the legnth of the court . sherry roll over a boundary . Frank laugh , back it up for she . Jill , Molly and Marianne begging for turn on the grader . on faith - at the dry wall glancing over at Frank , when Frank catch she glance , she turn back quickly to the wall . another angle - faith and frank 77 Frank try to keep up with faith as they work with stone , sherry alone now on the grader in the b.g. Jill , moily and Marianne hitch ride with they big sister . faith I want to leave this end open . I be think about .a little gazebo -- you know , like you see at wimbledon , frank a what ? faith we will just rum the mesh up to this point -- then we will have this , sort of tennis house -- a summer house ~-- like the japanese -- where the child can have iced tea and chicken sandwich and bring they friend -- they could play tennis all day here -- frank lucky kid . faith do not you think it 's go to be beautiful , Frank ? ( continued ) ~~ 66 . . 77 continued : . 77 frank yes ... very unusual . faith I do not ask you if you think it be go to be unusual . I ask you if you think it be go to be beautiful . pause , Frank look at faith . frank yes , mar 'am , it will be beautiful . faith that 's better . ( smile ) want something to drink ? beer -- Coke -- ? frank beer soumd good . faith go . CUT to : 78 on sherry - coming down the stair 78 she see faith look in the refrigerator as she enter the kitchen . Molly sit by , play with some point . sherry what be you look for ? faith beer . sherry beer for Frank ? faith beer for both of we . sherry you drink beer ? faith sure I be -- you know I be think =o we ought to ask Frank to stay for dinner -- I think we could get the wall do by dinner -- ( continued ) 78 . 67 . continued : 78 sherry why do not you ask he ? faith no , you ask he . he like you . sherry you think so ? faith yeah , sure , go ahead , ask hin . sherry ask he yourself . faith aw come 'on , sher -~- after a moment : sherry I will ask he on one condition -- that I eat dinner with you -- and that none of the other kid come . molly why ...?! faith ( pause , smile ) okay , it 's a deal . sherry exit . faith ( as sherry go ) I wonder if he like chicken . do not everybody like chicken ? Chicken be always good . ( hesitates ) be not it ? ( bustling immediately ) well , I think i°11 give he chicken . do we have any chicken ? ( throw open the refrigerator ) I think I have that thigh . where in God 's name do we thigh of to ? we eat they ? maybe the reezer -~ do not we have a chicken in the freezer -- or be it turkey -- oh my God , it 's that terrible old Easter turkey ! more ) ( continued ) y ) 78 79 68 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 ' faith ( cont 'd ) Turkey !? that 's terrible ! Molly have be watch the performance . sherry hey , relax , will you , Mom ? he 's only a guy . CUT to : on faith slightly embarrassed . CUT to : int . kitchen : 79 a linen tablecloth , the good silver , heirloom candlestick . faith how about some more , Frank ? frank no thanks , I have really have enough . faith why , you have hardly eat anything . F ( quickly ) I have eat a lot . he smile . faith smile , she nervously gulp some wine . sherry 's eye stay on she mother . faith ( to Frank ) more stuff ? stringbean ? gravy ? faith hear herself , react to herself , faith ».. I know , too pushy , huh ? frank no , not pushy at all . you be real nice . and you be a real good cook . sherry 's sorry to interrupt you , folk , I would like another glass of wine . ( continued ) <e 79 79 a continued : faith ( gently ) you have already have two . sherry mother , I would like another glass of wine . Frank laugh , smoke drift in from the stove . faith oh my God , the indian pudding . sherry turn to Frank . sherry do not mind she , she 's all nervous tonight . CUT to : on faith come in with a mess . faith sorry , guy , the indian pudding look like a dead Cherokee . sherry ( to Frank ) she 's be make indian pudding ever since I be bear , and tonight she burn it . faith ( to Frank ) could I give you something else ? fix you some cheese and fruit ? no , I be fine . faith I could make you some custard -- that 's quick -- or some cheese and fruit ? sherry mother , you just ask Frank that . pow , many glass of wine have you ha ( continued ) 69 . 79 79a -— _ 79 a 70 . continued : 79 a faith would you like some coffee , Frank ? frank I would love a cup of coffee . faith move to the stove and pour boil water over grounds in a filter . faith sherry , get out some of that nice brandy -- you will have some brandy , will not you , Frank ? frank uh -- faith get the brandy , sherry . faith bring the coffee pot to the table , pour some into a delicate china cup for Frank . sherry fish in a cabinet full of bottle . sherry which brandy be it ? faith the one with the four star . sherry locate the brandy , set the dusty bottle on the table . faith rush to wipe it off . Frank study the bottle tentatively . frank gee , I do not know , faith -- faith ( nervously ) the brandy make the coffee taste better , and the coffee make the brandy taste better . or be it the other way around ? anyway , have some . sherry look back and forth from faith to Frank . sherry that 's daddy 's brandy . Frank reach for the brandy now . ( continued ) 794 71 . continued : ( 2 ) frank ( to faith ) you will join I ? faith of course . faith drain she glass of wine , push a snifter towards Frank who pour out the brandy . sherry ( get up ) I think I will do the dish . faith leave they , honey , I will take care of they in the morning . time for you to go to bed . sherry go to bed ! it 's only ten o'clock . . faith you have get school tomorrow . frank maybe sherry would like a little brandy . sherry milk . faith could you get it yourself , honey ? sherry what 's this ' honey 's shit all of a sudden ? faith sherry , that 's enough of that . Frank laugh as sherry go to the refrigerator , pour herself a glass of milk , gulp it down . now sherry return to the table , pick up the brandy bottle , replace it in the cabinet . sherry good night , Frank . I '11 see you tomorrow . frank ( brightly ) good night , sherry ! ( continued ) 79a 72 . 79a continued : ( 3 ) 79a ~~ sherry ( to faith ) ) and I will see you , soon . sherry leave , Frank look down warily at he snifter of | brandy . ' faith : - would you like a cigar to go with ' . that ? ' frank I do not smoke cigar . : : faith ' I have not any -- uh -- I have not use any in several -- wh -- month , what I mean be -- uh -- | sherry ( 0.s. ) ( from the hallway ) | c'mon , Mom , you know what he smoke ! ' a door slam , faith flinch , Frank laugh . ~ frank : ~~ I will try a cigar . I ) faith jump up . ' faith I will not be a moment , they be just i in the front room . frank , do you want I to come with you ? ' _ faith no , stay here . you be comfortable here , be not you ? frank make no difference to I . Frank smile . faith smile anxiously . now she go . CUT to : 80 live room 80 ~~ cozy , a fireplace . faith turn around and she find Frank right behind she . ( continued ) 73 . : 80 continued : 80 faith go to a bookshelf , uncover a dust : one old dry cigar . give it to Frank . on faith and frank y box , pull out faith sip she brandy , Frank lighting up he cigar , frank you get any music ? faith Music ? frank I see you get a stereo . faith sure , we get some -- she get up , move to the stereo . coloring book and National lampoon record album . she push past some & , to a pile of wear faith how about the March of the Children from the King and I ? frank I do not believe I know that one . faith I be only kid , it 's just a joke -- it 's Molly 's ifavorite , faith put a record on , probably a old Rolling Stones ; a slow one . faith and Frank sit listen to the music , other , faith on a couch , Frank in a chair , t turntable bridge the gulf face each he stereo of embarrassment between then . Frank tap a finger on he cigar in time to the music , faith pat the side of the couch , then nervously but silently snap a finger . frank I love this song . faith yeah , it 's great , frank do you want to dance ? ( continued ) y 80 74 , continued : ( 2 ) , 80 faith dance ? frank do not you dance ? faith not in a long time . silence . frank you want to dance now ? faith oh no , I do not think so . frank why ? faith I be just nervous . frank nervous ? faith scare . it 's be a long time since I dance -- be alone with aman other than my husband . Frank nod understandingly . the only SOUND be the music . the song continue . frank could I kiss you ? faith look at hin , immediately shake she head . faith no no , I do not think so -- faith drop she head , dig she nail into she fingertip . more silence . the record end , only the sound of the needle bump against the label . . silence . silence . silence . out of the silence : ‘( continued ) 75 . . 80 continued : ( 3 ) 80 _ faith ~~ ( almost inaudibly ) I mean ' yes . ' Frank move to she , sit beside she on the couch . faith be | motionless , slowly , he reach for she blouse , and un - vw button it to the waist . the blouse hang loosely . 5 faith 's head be still down . Frank lift she chin with he , hand now . for the first time , faith look at Frank . they kiss . passionately . , ' CUT to : 81 wide shot - from the door frame 81 the door be slightly open . sherry 's hand reach in from ) the hallway , gently close on the brass knob , pull the door shut . CUT to : = 82 black 82 in the darkness , a child 's cough , then another cough , George ' come into view . 6 GEORGE timmy 's cough . 1 sandy ( 0.s. ) I will go -- I I GEORGE ' no , I will do it . you stay where you be , 1 CUT to : 83 on GEORGE 83 follow George as he open the door of a dark room , a night light dim in a socket , timmy , a five - year - old , lie in ~ fm a trundle bed . George squat next to he . ( continued ) 83 76 . continued : 83 GEORGE what 's the matter , timmy ? timmy I can not breathe . George check around , adjust a croup kettle . unscrew the top , stir the mixture . reaches for a glass , GEORGE want a little Coke ? timmy it 's too warn . GEORGE good for you stomach -- timmy will you come with I to the bathroom if I throw up ? GEORGE sure , timmy . George puff the pillow under timmy 's head , point the kettle , get some Coke down he , tuck in the cover . timmy rest . timmy where 's Mom ? GEORGE she 's sleep . timmy where 's daddy ? GEORGE what do you mean , timmy ? timmy daddy -- GEORGE he 's in Los Angeles , you know that . timmy you be sleep over ? GEORGE why yes , timmy . of course . ( continued ) y y 83 84 continued : ( 2 ) timmy do not you want to go home and be with you own child ? 83 timmy roll over , turn away , quiet now . George look down at he . he check the croup kettle again , now start for Sandy 's bedroom . int . sandy'' bedroom she look up as George enter . sandy thanks -- GEORGE he 's okay now . sandy you come back to bed ? I want to go . GEORGE it 's okay . you always go -- George crawl into bed , Sandy spoon into he . sandy Sean never do . GEORGE do you miss he ? sandy never . ( turn to George , very close , look he in the eye ) even when I be with he , I be lonely . I never have that feel with you . and I know I would not -- as soon as we -- ( wait ) -- get go . I do not like be alone . I mean I can stand it of course -- but I want a friend . you be my friend , George . I like you . I love you . ( good naturedly ) and if you do not come through , I '11 find somebody else . ( continued ) 84 84 -~ t 7 7 85 bi ! 1 1 ' 1 oo 1 t ' 1 1 mu 78 . continued : 84 George reach for Sandy through the darkness . now Sandy reach for he . they find each other . CUT to : int . faith' house - live room 85 the vacuum whirring , faith clean up , pick up glass , empty ashtray . through the window Jill , Marianne and Molly can be see play in the yard ; bounce on the trampoline ; toss a frisbee . on sherry follow she mother around , yell over the noise . sherry I be tell you I have a appendicitis -- faith sherry , you have a fever . sherry it 's my pancreas -- faith keep vacuume away , sherry pursue she . sherry pancreatis -- faith sherry , go back to bed . " sherry ( right after she ) gallstone -- faith you do not have gallstone -- just go to bed -- drink the tea with honey -- and I will make you a nice rice pudding . sherry I don't want a nice rice pudding ! faith all right , do not have a nice , rice pudding ! ( continued ) ps 85 86 79 . continued : 85 on faith vacuume . suddenly turn around , find sherry stare at a pillow , examine the indentation , the aftermath of last night . faith grab the pillow from sherry , fluff it up , toss it in the corner of the couch . sherry say something . sherry ( softly , almost inaudibly ) I hate daddy . faith can not hear . she turn the vacuum off , faith what 's the matter ? the vacuum wind down . in the silence , sherry stand freeze in the middle of the room , stare at the pillow . sherry I hate daddy . sherry walk out of the room . faith follow she . : CUT to : int . faith' workroom 86 a weaver 's loom , not use recently . sherry sit down beside it , on one side of a window . through the window , the other child can be see . play in the yard . faith enter the room , move to sherry . faith you okay ...? faith and sherry be on both side of the window now , frame it , the other child noiseless blur beyond . sherry why do daddy leave we ? faith I do not think he leave you . I think he leave I . sherry I be never get marry . faith do not say that . ( continued ) y y a0 . 86 continued : 86 sherry what 's the point ? after a moment : faith . - I think when two people love each other , it 's like -- I do not know -- like go through door -- you go through the door together at first -- then one person get ahead -- sherry but if they love each other , do not they wait for each other ? faith I guess so , . sherry it 's all daddy 's fault . faith it 's no one 's fault . no one 's to blame . just time . another moment . sherry do you wish for you and daddy ? faith no . sherry you and Frank ? . faith oh no ... one of the thing you daddy say about grow up , be you stop wishing . thing either come to you or they do not . but if I be to wish for anyone right now , I would wish for I . CUT to : 87 ext . beach - day : 87 George and timmy run along the water 's edge . ( continued ) y 87 88 81 . continued : 87 as they approach the house , they start to sprint , George pour it on with everything he have . he win , turn to find timmy have give up . George trot back to timmy , lift he up in the air , a big dog come tear out of the house , start snap at George 's heel , George trip , fall down , now pick himself up , kick sand at the dog , timmy fall to he knee to comfort the dog . move in on George , bewilder . ; CUT to : ext . GEORGE and faith' house - chicken coop 88 faith lead the way in , sherry , Jill , Marianne and Molly behind she . sherry who 's due ? faith henrietta 's due . molly lemme get it ! lemme get it ! sherry shut up , squirt . henrietta do not lay for anyone but mommy . faith move to a chicken . faith ( coo ) hello , baby , hello , baby , you get something for I ? the chicken look faith in the eye . faith smile . faith you bet you do . with great care , faith edge she hand under the chicken . she be ever so gentle , the chicken lift up slightly to help she . molly it 's so mean , it 's she baby . faith no baby , moll , no baby . mo : . ( more ) ( continued ) y y ) 88 alt . 88 82 . : continued : 88 faith ( cont 'd ) there 's only mommy in here , no daddy around to make the egg into a baby . faith come up with the egg , a beautiful brown egg . she hold it to a candler , martanne what be you go to do with it ? faith make it into salad , darling , and put it in you sandwich for lunch . molly I be not eat anybody 's baby for lunch , : faith we could hard - boil it -- molly you hard - boil it . you have it for you lunch . faith smile . cur to : int . thrift shop - day ( alternate to chicken coop ) alt . 88 faith with the child in a old store , try on junky thing . faith enjoy herself , the child run to keep up with she quick eye and instinctive taste . Jill find a old leather bag with a strap . Marianne locate a white linen victorian apron . Molly appear with a pair of earring . molly what do you think of this earring ? faith I love they , they be really great . jill I think they be ugly . faith ( lowering she voice ) let I see that earring . faith examine they . faith I think they be amethyst . molly ( whisper loudly ) yeah ! amethyst ! ( continued ) y alt . 88 89 83 . - continued : alt . 88 marianne they worth anything ? faith I would say about three hundred dollar . you kid get what you want ? okay , let 's get out of here . faith and the child hurry with they thing to the counter by the door . the owner total they up . owner four dollar for the bag -- two dollar for the peasant 's apron ~- you want the earring ? -- that 's three hundred and six dollar . faith look down at the kid , lean elbow - to - elbow on the counter , look up at she . molly Nice try , mom. CUT to : wide shot ~ town 89 a narrow street , a row of shack , this gloomy section in stark - contrast to where faith and the child live . faith and Marianne be pick up Molly . faite " bye , Mrs. Jackson ! thanks for have she . ( prompt Molly ) bye ! molly yeah , ' bye ! see you tomorrow , roxanne ! Molly wave to a black , pig-taile friend . faith grab she hand , they dodge through puddle towards the car . Marianne follow close . faith do you have a good time , Molly ? molly okay . faith do you give Mrs. Jackson the clothes ? molly yes . where we go ? ( continued ) y om 89 continued : falth see a friend of mine . what would Mrs. Jackson say when you give she the clothes ? molly she say thank you . faith do you have anything to eat ? molly hamburger -- faith that 's good ... molly ~- with weird gravy . blaaaah ... faith ssh . they climb into the car . marianne ( to faith ) what friend you go to see ? faith Howard katz . marianne who 's he ? faith my lawyer . marianne you mean Judy katz 's father ? ' faith that 's right . marianne he 's on we side ? faith yes . marianne yeececch . CUT to : 84 . 89 y- 90 90 a 90 B 91 85 . ext . GEORGE and faith' house - afternoon 90 George drive up to the front of the house . he climb out of he car , carry a portable typewriter . he start for the door , stop on hearing laughter from the tennis court . george' Pov soa faith and Frank take a break , sit near the almost - finish dry wall , share a cigarette , Frank seat in the grader , faith next to he . George call out . GEORGE faith ... faith ... he have not call too loudly . and they have not hear he . George reach through the window of he car , give a light toot to he horn . on faith and frank 90b Frank look over , faith finish she cigarette , now wander across the half - finish court , another angle 91 George wait , shifting the typewriter from one hand to the other . in the b.g. , the grader start up with Frank at the wheel , GEORGE where 's sherry ? faith she go to the city with my mother . GEORGE the city ? faith the ballet . mother take she to the ballet for she birthday . silence . Frank eriss -crossing on the grader in the b.g. GEORGE I see . faith start into the house , George follow she . 92 93 86 . int . kitchen 92 faith open the refrigerator , pull out a container of egg salad , slice open a pocket bread . George observe she . GEORGE what 's that ? faith Frank 's lunch . he love syrian bread . GEORGE what be he , a arab ? faith no , he 's not a arab . she quickly stuff the bread , snatch two beer out of the icebox , assemble the sandwich and beer on a tray . GEORGE I bring sherry the typewriter . faith what ? GEORGE the typewriter I tell you about . the one for she birthday . faith notice the case for the first time . faith oh yeah ... that 's great . she reach for it . he pull it back . GEORGE no , I want to give it to she . a pause . faith okay . GEORGE okay ... well , I will be back . George follow faith out . ext . GEORGE and faith' house 93 the screen door slam behind they . ( continued ) 93 87 . continued : 93 GEORGE incidentally , next time sherry go out of town , I would like to know , faith ' out of town ' ? she 's just with mother for she birthday . I be sorry , George . George start to follow faith , then stop , glance over at the tennis court , observe Frank grade . a moment . GEORGE that 's the tennis court ? faith that 's it . GEORGE that clay 's go to run like molass . you should have use en-tout-cas . faith ' en-tout-cas ' ? if I could spell it , I would use it , GEORGE tennis court be tricky thing , you can not just rush into they . if you be go to build one , you might as well build it right . faith Frank and I be do fine , thank you . GEORGE I will bet you be . how much be he stick you ? faith you mean what 's the price ? Frank be very reasonable , GEORGE glad to hear it . because I be not pay a nickel for that piece of shit you call a tennis court -- ( continued ) 93 i ™~ ' ' ' 1 94 J ' ' 5 i 's | 7 rno | | 95 ~ a 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 faith who 's ask you to ? oh , George , I have to go , okay ? Frank 's beer be get warn , she go , he watch she . CUT to : faith and frank , 94 faith give Frank he lunch . GEORGE ( from the driveway ) hey , bud -deel Frank look around . GEORGE it look like shit ! you could not play horseshoe on that volcano ! Frank can not quite hear , frank what ?! faith ignore he , please do not pay any attention to he . F but what would he say ? GEORGE I say fuck you ! George jump in he car , screech out , burn rubber like a teenager . CUT to : ext . GEORGE and faith' house 7 95 the night black , the light of the house square of light cut through the darkness . pan off the house to a car pull up at the end of the driveway . the driver get out quietly , reach into the seat beside he , pull out a black case . the door to the car be close quietly . ( continued ) 95 96 97 89 . : continued : 95 tt be George . his footstep crunch through the gravel to - ward the house . CUT to : closeup - bolt 96 the bolt be snap open by a hand . the door swing wide . reverse angle 97 George , stand with the typewriter at the front door , faith face he . silence for a moment . faith hello , George . GEORGE hi . I bring sherry she typewriter . faith now ? tonight ? it 's late , George . look , it 's really no use . she really do not want to see you . GEORGE but it 's she birthday . silence . faith why do not you just leave it ? GEORGE no . I want to give it to she myself . faith but if she do not want you to -- GEORGE I want to give my kid she birthday present . CUT to : sherry - upstair sherry you kid do not want she birthday present ! ( continued ) 97 continued : y a moment . 90 . 97 sherry 's door close mid-sentence . GEORGE five minute , that 's all ? faith she 's very angry , George . GEORGE I be angry . faith about what ? GEORGE you roundheel it on a tennis court with some overage redneck hippie . faith I think you better go . GEORGE I be go to give my child she birthday present . sherry - upstair sherry you ' child ' do not want she birthday present ! sherry 's door slam again upstairs . now faith try to close the front door where George be stand . faith please go , George . GEORGE faith no . this be my house and I do not want to hear it -- this be my kid -- you be in stop , George -- will you violation of we separation please stop ...? agreement -- my lawyer say -- faith fuck you lawyer ! ( continued ) 97 98 99 & 99a 100 & 100 a 91 . continued : ( 2 ) . 97 faith slam the front door shut and bolt it . George kick at the door . GEORGE i'm giving my child her birthday present ! George pitch the typewriter through a mullion , the glass smashes , George snake he arm past a shard of glass , flip the bolt . faith start to run , but George grab she , steer she out the door and slam it . bolt the door . faith scream , start hit on the door . the glass be jag , she try to reach through , scratch she arm . tries again , the glass too sharp and narrow to get through . CUT to : upstair 98 the child press against the window , the window all fogge up . sherry yell down at George . sherry get out of here ! on faith 99 . & pound now on the front door , but George prop a chair up99a against it . faith start to reach in once more past the : break glass , George prop another chair . GEORGE ( through the break window ) how do you like it ?! how do you like get lock out of you own house ?! now George run upstairs . on faith 100 & at the door , scream now . suddenly Molly appear , frame 100a by the chair brace against the door . faith open the door ! open the door , Molly !! but Molly can not get anywhere , the pair of bentwood chair be wedge tight against the knob . ( continued ) 100 100 a 101 102 103 104 105 92 . continued : 100 molly 100a it 's stick -- it 's stick ! faith take off , run around the house , try door . all be lock . stairway 101 George run up the stair , see sherry panicked in the hallway . CUT to : outside the house 102 faith run around frantically , pound at window , try to get in . faith George ! for God 's sake , George ! CUT to : upstair hallway 103 sherry have lock she door . George crash right through the door . as he burst in , sherry throw a radio at he , then a hanger , he dive for she , force she over and whip she with the hanger . she fight back , scream . she begin to claw at he . sherry fucker ! bastard ! sherry twist away from George and hurl a lamp at he . it crash , the bulb fly . scream from the other child converge now on the doorway . George dive for sherry now , and tackle she to the bed , and begin slapping she again , this time with he hand . sherry ( scream ) bastard ! fucker ! downstair - on faith 104 shriek , racing around the house , kick at the wall , she scream drown out by the mayhem upstairs . int . bedroom 105 George have sherry down on the bed . ( continued ) 105 106 93 . continued : 105 Marianne run and jump on he , try to pull he off , he flip she away and then sherry , take the moment , grab a pair of scissors and hold they to George . George freeze . sherry fucker ! bastard ! I hate you -- sherry keep the scissors on George -- no one move . sherry tremble , then suddenly throw the scissors to the floor , wander into the hallway . George stand freeze . now he take a step towards sherry . int . hallway 106 marianne ( ery ) daddy , do not -- do not , daddy -- George take hold of sherry . GEORGE sherry -- sherry no ... GEORGE honey , please -- sherry bastard . GEORGE talk to I . silence . now Jill come to sherry , stroke she hair . Marianne put she arm around George . he kiss she fin - ger as they reach around he . marianne you cut yourself , daddy . GEORGE ( plead to sherry ) honey , honey -- sherry turn around , spend . sherry what be it -- ? ( continued ) y y 106 107 107a 108 94 , continued : 106 GEORGE forgive I . CUT to : at the kitchen door 107 & faith be scream for Molly . . 107a faith open the kitchen door ! open it ! open it ! Molly appear behind the door , strain for the bolt , can not reach it . faith get a chair ! get a chair ! Molly grab a kitchen chair , drag it to the door , stand on the chair , open the bolt . faith charge inside , Molly run after she . CUT to : hallway 108 George try to touch sherry . GEORGE give I a chance -- jill you be come over tomorrow , be not you , daddy -- to pick we up for the weekend ...? George swallow , blink . GEORGE sherry ... sherry be unflinch . GEORGE ( quietly ) okay . faith appear , sherry run to she , faith fold she into she arm , bury she nose into sherry 's hair . they hold tight , faith 's eye never leave George . CUT to : y y 109 110 110 a 95 . on the stair landing 109 jill ( to George ) you want something to eat ? I could make you a hamburger with the onion chop in . George check faith for a instant . faith stare back at he , marianne do you want a band - aid for you arm , daddy ? GEORGE it 's okay . now George edge to the top step . he freeze , turn toward faith again . he be helpless , vulnerable , overcome all at once . GEORGE faith ... faith get out . George look at faith and the child , but they only stare back at he . George go . another angle - GEORGE 110 come down the stair , he see the smashed front door , notice as if for the first time , the bentwood chair push up against it . he very carefully remove the chair , put they back in they exact position in the hallway . he then replace the cushion , squaring they off . George see the typewriter . he pick it up , throw open the bolt on the door , look back up the stair ; faith and the child be watch he . George leave . : ext . GEORGE and faith' house - night 110a George walk through the class out into the gravel of the driveway . George walk normally at first and then , in - voluntarily , begin to run . go out on George sprinting towards he car . CUT to : y 111 112 96 . family court - day 111 judge schultz , a tired woman in she fifty , preside , sprinkle around the courtroom , hispanics , black , Public defender . on either side of the aisle , George and faith , Howard beside faith . beside George , he lawyer , spinelli , a natty three - piece type . in front of the judge , a mexican woman . woman ( Spanish ) he violate the child ! a man jump to he foot , crumpling he old Panama hat in he hand . man ( Spanish ) she sleep with the boss ! a terrible babble of Spanish , silence by judge schultz 's gavel . dissolve to : faith and GEORGE 112 in front of the bench now with they respective lawyer . judge I think we have a separation agreement , visitation rights -- howard but this incident -- spinelli what incident -~ no police report -- I would like to make a stipulation that we not be drag into court every time it please Mrs. dunlap or she attorney -- stipulate one , you honor , that Mrs. dunlap be restrain from -- mix in with the above montage of Spanish and English - speak voice . " the child be remand to the State Home ... " the husband be derelict in he payment be require to ... " the legalese wind down and for the first time , schultz can be hear . Howard squeeze faith 's hand , retire to a seat behind she . spinelli move behind George , now George and faith be leave alone and side - by-side , stand in front of judge schultz . faith take a half - step away from George . ( continued ) | 97 . 112 continued : 112 judge Mr. dunlap , you insistence on limit Mrs. dunlap 's custody during vacation seem poorly time . this Christmas the child will reside with they mother . ( to faith ) as for you , Mrs. dunlap , to deny the father the right to take the child to school three time a week seem a unnecessary hardship . if he so wish , and he be the only father they have right now , why should not he enjoy that privilege . do you understand , Mrs. dunlap ? . faith I do , I mean I will . judge Mr. dunlap ? GEORGE I agree , you honor . judge you would better . I do not want to see either of you two in here again . CUT to : 113 . ext . courtroom 113 faith walk rapidly , Howard run to keep up with she . howard we bring in sherry , we show the welt from the hanger , we expose the broad -~- faith what broad ? howard the one he 's shack up with , let I work he over -- faith stop . faith work he over ? ( continued ) 98 , 113 continued : 113 howard right . put he in soledad with the beaner and the schvug . silence . faith no , Howard . howard no ? why not ? faith just no . howard you want you house ? you want you kid ? faith yes . howard what do you think they be go to do ? that dago lawyer of he be not know for he Christianity and the Iron maiden on the bench be no bargain either . what do you say , faithie ? faith I will think about it . howard you better -- here he come now -- 113a George and spinelli block they on the courthouse step . 113a spinelli ( interrupt , ahead of George ) Mr. dunlap want to pick up the child tonight at seven instead of six -- he have a late appointment in San Francisco . howard under no circumstance -- faith ( tired ) it 's all right , Howard , I will not be home anyway . ( continued ) 99 . 113a continued : 113a GEORGE ( overhear , now join ) what do you mean you will not be there ? faith my father 's sick . George blink , pull at he coat . GEORGE ( tense ) what 's the matter with he ? faith I do not know . he go in for some test . and they be keep he there -- GEORGE so you be go up -- ? faith I will be back Monday . Mrs. mcgovern be go to sit . you can pick they up whenever you want tonight . GEORGE I will bring the kid up to you parent . there be a moment . spinelli and katz look at each other . faith no , George . - GEORGE yeah , iwill . it 's easy . faith please , George , do not . they be okay . GEORGE well give french my love -- tell he I will be come up . spinelli and katz exchange more look . faith no -- GEORGE I want to . ( continued ) 100 . 113a continued : ( 2 ) 113a 114 115 silence . spinelli take George 's arm and start off in one direc - tion down the courthouse step , katz pull faith in the other . cuT to : int . hospital - napa - day 114 George walk down the corridor . faith emerge from a bathroom off the corridor . they see each other , move down the hall together . int . hospital room 115 french , faith 's father , be in bed , a hulk of a man , fragile now , a breathe machine beside he , the tube detach for the moment ; green coil for breathe in , pink coil for breathe out , a balloon to register inhalation and exhal - ation , the whole operation monitor by a oxygen tank which loom over the bed . a iv drip into french 's arm . on the floor underneath the mattress , a drain bottle with a tube lead to a catheter . the room be a tangle of tube , drip and drain , coil ; but discernible behind all the rubber and hardware , a man . be there -- french . faith and George freeze at the sight of french , shocked by he condition . now faith move towards she father . faith poppa . - french where 's you mother ? faith outside . french how're you doin ' , honey ? ( see George hang back ) you too , George . George hurry over , lean in from the other side . french good to see you two together . ( continued ) 101 . - 115 continued : 115 GEORGE thanks , french . french you be together ? GEORGE sure . french " sure ' ? GEORGE I mean we be . french ( to George , a faint smile ) you would not shit I , would you , George ? GEORGE ( after a moment ) no , poppa . silence , as french take this in . french I miss that house -- how 's that house ? GEORGE faith it need some work . terrific . french ' terrific . ' ' it need some work . ' you two better get together . faith George be right , poppa , when you get out , you will bring you tool a one Sunday ... like you always ce french cut it out , will you ? ( drilling faith and George ) you be a couple of lousy liar . George and faith stand there with french . there be a exchange through the silence among the three of they . ( continued ) 115 102 , continued : ( 2 ) 115 faith ( speak up ) you be right , poppa . we have break up . pause . faith forgive I , french ( take she hand ) not a chance . silence again . french George -- he motion he to move close . faith release french 's hand , step away . french what 's go on ? GEORGE I do not know . french smile . french ( to George ) do I ever tell you about the time you go on you honeymoon , I enter you father in the bass derby -- he cheat , hook that smallmouth with live bait . sonofabitch -- you father could not even tie a fly . GEORGE my father be a asshole and you know it . french but he be the only asshole you ever have . GEORGE no , french , you be . silence . ( continued ) 115 continued : 103 , . ( 3 ) 115 french you go up to the berryessa this spring , George ? GEORGE sure . french look out for the big rock . the smallmouth like to lay around it ... GEORGE what big rock ? french you know -- GEORGE you will show I . french lean up , see faith at the window , she be careful to give George and french some room . french motion to George to move close . closeup - watch , french I ought to kick you ass around the block -- GEORGE ( lean in , intense ) do it , french . what be you lay around here for anyway ? french they lassoed I . GEORGE well fight it , goddamit . french I be try , George -- GEORGE you be die on I , for chrissake . faith intent . GEORGE I need you . ( continued ) 115 ~~ _ oo 116 ~~ 104 .- continued : ( 4 ) 115 french thanks . french be fail badly , George kneel by french 's bed . GEORGE I be here , french , stay with I . faith 's eye rivete on George , who be shaking . french oreach out , take George by the neck , embrace he ) okay , son . George rest he head on french 's chest . french start to breathe hard , faith run for the hallway . french be thrashing now , George try to hold he down , charlotte , faith 's mother , come rush in , follow by a nurse . charlotte ( grab George ) please , please , give she some room -- a technician enter , he and the nurse work fast and ner - vously to get the breathe machine tube attach . George move closer to french . nurse ( to George ) please , sir -- for a instant George be mangle in the tube , french 's breath become wildly irregular , Charlotte and faith manage to pull George away . CUT to : ext . cemetery - napa - day - 116 a damp Northern California day , the mourner walk from the grave to a row of car with light on . Charlotte be shepherd the proceedings . charlotte ( close a car door ) . yes , at the house -- a little lunch , soup and salad , nothing much , do come -- she move to another car . behind Charlotte , faith and sherry be about to climb into car . ( continued ) 105 . - 116 continued : 116 George appear , all dress up in a nice topcoat and tie ; he approach the lead car but Charlotte block he path . GEORGE hello , Charlotte . I be sorry . charlotte thank you . GEORGE would you like I to ride with you and faith ? faith and sherry have come over , they each take George 's arm as he face Charlotte . charlotte there 's no room . GEORGE no room or no place ? charlotte no place . faith maybe you can squeeze in the second car with the child ? sherry yeah , I will go with uncle ned . charlotte suit yourself . Charlotte and faith go . GEORGE ( to sherry ) I forget to get a flower . you want to come with I to get a flower ? sherry shake she head " no . " CuT to : 117 lake berryessa - long shot 117 move in on a massive rock , a dinghy float beside it . in the dinghy ~ GEORGE his chesterfield still on , he hair nicely comb . a fishing rod lie untouched beside he . closeup - GEORGE stare into the middle distance . Fish bite in curlicue around he ; he do not respond . now he reach for the oar , set they in the lock , row into the darkness . 7 ~~ 118 118a 1188 106 . int . northern california inn - dine room - night 118 a imitation french inn , wine bottle , stone , casement window , candlelight . for the local , a elderly woman at a hammond organ play old favorite . on GEORGE - at a table sitting alone , poke at a salad . from time to time , he look up at the other guest , couple cozy at table , light by candle . he put he fork down wearily , listen to the music , dorothy at the organ play " some enchant even . " she sing a little . dorothy ( v.0 . ) " you will meet a stranger across a crowded room ... " at the door 118a faith appear . the maitre d' , steve , hurry to she . faith one , please , Steve . steve oh , Mr. dunlap 's right over here . faith look over to the table where George be sit , now point elsewhere . faith I would like to have that table . Steve blink , look over at George , now at faith . steve certainly . right this way . dorothy ( v.0 . ) '' someone will be laughing across a crowded room ... " on GEORGE see Steve show faith to a separate table . after a moment , George signal he waiter , then get up and cross to faith . at faith' table 118b when George appear , Steve quickly light a candle at the table , then hurry away . ( continued ) 118b 197 . : continued ; 118b GEORGE ( stand over faith ) what be you do here ? I think you be stay with you mother . faith I have enough of my mother . what be you do here ? GEORGE I be up at the lake . faith all this time ? - GEORGE I like the lake . faith what be you do up there ? GEORGE nothing . watch the bass . bo you mind if I sit down ? George sit . GEORGE what be you mother 's plan ? what 's she go to do ? be she go away -- ? the waiter come over , carry plate . waiter ( to George ) do you want you food serve here , sir GEORGE faith yes . no , after a moment , the waiter tentatively set a plate of scandanavian salmon down in front of George . faith that 's not enough dill for you . George , I want to be alone . ( to the waiter ) bring he some more dill . ( continued ) 108 . 118b continued : ( 2 ) 118b waiter and for you , madam ? faith nothing . i'11 eat some of he . George swallow . GEORGE why do not you order some dinner , faith ? faith you mean you want I to get my own ? GEORGE no , I be not hungry . faith good . neither be i. the waiter arrive with the extra sauce . George dab at it . faith here , give it to I -- she fix the plate for he , arrange the dill and the sauce . George cut a plece . he like it better now . GEORGE I be sorry . you want a bite ? faith that piece in the center . she reach over and take it . in a moment , the two of they have devoure the salmon . dorothy continue to play . they sit in silence , dorothy ( v.0 . ) " i'm gonna wash that man right outa my hair ... i'm gonna wash that man right outa my hair ... " the waiter appear . waiter look like we like the gravlax -- ( continued ) 118b continued : 109 , ; ( 3 ) 1188 GEORGE how about some dessert ? faith I be on a diet -- I be try to lose seven pound . GEORGE you look fine to I . faith I be not lose it for you . the waiter quickly disappear . GEORGE . the waiter hear you -- faith I do not care about the waiter . GEORGE now , faithie -- faith do not ' faithie ' I , George -- it 's over . all that be over . remember ? GEORGE just dismiss it ? faith George , you leave I . GEORGE you throw I out . faith you leave because you be screwing Sandy and everybody know it and finally I know it and what be you . do spend night in we house anyway ? GEORGE I pay the bill , do not I ? faith we be very grateful . GEORGE why be you put I dom ? I have work hard -- I have work hard -- ( continued ) 110 , 118b continued : ( 4 ) 118b faith and I work hard with you . you would come off that train and I would have the child in bed and the ice out and the scotch and the coq au vin and the pot au feu and Christ know what else -~ and listen to you office politics and advise you and coddle you and fuck you and be up at six to get the child off and out of you way . GEORGE be that right ? well I will tell you something -- from the next table , a couple look over , the man in double - knit , the wife , she curly hair pile precariously high . harold ( man ) hey , pipe down , buddy , we be pay for we dinner , too -- GEORGE ( lowering he voice ) I would come off the train and you would always be so goddam nice and yes , you be a good cook , and yes , you be a good mother , and yes , you could lay it on for my old college friend , and yes , you be smart about election , and you want to know something , I be in awe of you -- faith in awe of I ?! what the hell do you mean by that ? GEORGE you , the child ! four child ! you raise they with the back of you hand , you be so god - damned good at it . faith you raise they too , George -- GEORGE bullshit ! I be never there -- I be a bystander , a onlooker in all this ... ( continued ) lll . : 118b continued : ( 5 ) 118b George falter , faith all this what ? GEORGE . life ! I be sit with my thumb up my ass sharpen pencil and praying some dumb editor would give I a pat on the back for a profile on the fuck greenskeeper at pebble Beach . you be change diaper and scraping shit off the wall but you be create life ! and what be I do ? I be study the fuck bermuda grass and count the goddam dimple on a golfball . ( pause ) do not you understand ? I worshipped you . faith then for God 's sake , why do not you treat I that way ? you be always yell , George , you be always angry -- you have a terrible temper -- GEORGE but you know I do not mean it -- faith tell that to the child -- GEORGE I be afraid , do not you understand ? - faith afraid of what ? GEORGE I could not hack it . I feel like I be swim the English Channel with a fifty - pound weight around my neck -- faith that 's my mother 's line -- GEORGE you mother 's do a lot of drown . faith leave she out of this -- ( continued ) 112 . 118b continued : ( 6 ) GEORGE I would be glad to . you mother be a lousy mother and a lousy wife . . the waiter return . waiter do we decide on dessert ? faith tell I about Sandy , do she fuck you morning , noon and night ? the waiter disappear . GEORGE forget about Sandy . what about he ? the redneck ? faith the who ?! GEORGE Sam stud . the character with all the cotton in he crotch . do you do it on the backhoe ? faith be you talk about Frank ? GEORGE Frank ! yes , Frank ! what a name ! I have a counselor name Frank at sleepaway camp . franks always love the outdoors . faith this Frank 's not bad indoors . GEORGE Jesus Christ ! from the next table : harold hey , give we a break , will you ? George reach for he water . faith you know what I love about Frank -- he 's you , George -- you fifteen year ago -- ( more ) ( continued ) 118b 113 . . 118b continued : ( 7 ) : 1188 faith ( cont 'd ) -- he 's what I think you might become -- what the hell happen to you , George -- do you have to turn into such a shitheel just because you become a success ? George put the water down . GEORGE do not you see any good in I ? faith at home -- not a lot . GEORGE why be it you be the only one I can not get along with ? everybody else love I -- faith yeah , I know . like eat ice cream . faith get up . GEORGE come back here ! faith , I say come back here ! from the next table : joanne ( wife ) come on , give he a chance . GEORGE ( to joanne ) butt out , bubbles . harold watch it , fella . GEORGE you watch it . pazotd reach for George , push he , George push harold ack . faith stop. it , George ! harold yeah , stop it , George . she would rather fuck Frank . : ( continued ) y 114 , 118b continued : ( 8 ) 118b now faith whirl on harold , faith you asshole . joanne jump to she foot . joanne bitch ! faith give joanne the finger . harold push faith . . harold nobody give joanne the finger ! now George have grab harold , he be strangling he by the shirtfront , he fury be obsessive and frightening . GEORGE apologize to the lady . faith ( correct ) woman , George . GEORGE apologize to the woman . harold try . to shrug he off , George yank he closer , harold be choke . Steve , the maitre d' , scurries over . joanne go ahead , harold -- apologize . harold she give you the finger -- GEORGE ( tightening more on harold ) you deserve it , you prick . harold ( choke ) okay , okay -- I be sorry ... George release harold . steve please , Mr. dunlap , this be a restaurant , not a gymmasiun . ( continued ) 115 . 118b continued : ( 9 ) 118b GEORGE do you mind ? I be just have a nice , quiet fight with my wife . faith sit down , George , and shut up . they all sit down , harold and joanne edge back to they table . steve how about a little brandy on the house ? faith two double . , steve Mrs. dunlap , would you like to order ? faith a lobster . steve one or two pound ? faith Three . GEORGE and a little wine to go with it . steve we have a new chardonnay in -- and of course the lovely , old gewurtztraminer -- faith both . Steve look at George . GEORGE ( beam , righteous ) you hear she , both . Steve go off in a daze . George look over at harold , waggle he finger provokingly . faith giggle uncon - scionably . harold and joanne get up and leave ostentatiously . George and faith be serve they brandy . George lift he glass . ( continued ) 116 . . 118b continued : ( 10 ) : 118b GEORGE I think we win . faith lift she glass . : faith do we , George ? go out on faith 's face as they touch glass . , CUT to : 119 int . upstair hall - inn 119 Doors lining the hall . giggle from the far end of the hall , George and faith make they way down ; they be both a little drunk . GEORGE ( whisper ) how do you feel about the gewurtztraminer ? faith the gewurtztrawho ? : 's GEORGE the gewurtztraminer . faith a trifle authoritarian , GEORGE and just the least bit lufthansa . after a moment ; GEORGE ( suddenly ) where be the child ? faith stop at a door . faith next door . George look at the next door , now at this door . GEORGE oh. ( after a moment ) well ... ( continued ) 119 117 . continued : 119 faith smile gently . faith good night , George . GEORGE good night . : faith hug he . he try to kiss she . faith do not , George , please -- she try to guide he away . faith where 's you room , George ? he start search in he pocket , try they all , finally find a key . GEORGE one-eleven . faite okay , one - eleven . faith look around at the door , see one - eleven . faith George , that 's my room . GEORGE no , it 's my room . faith what do you mean it 's you room , it 's my room . one -eleven be my room . GEORGE the clerk assign I to one - eleven when I check in . there appear to be some misunderstanding . faith get yourself another room , George . she open the door , turn she back on George . George crowd right in behind she . GEORGE this be my room . ( continued ) 119 120 118 . continued : ( 2 ) 119 faith well you be not sleep in here . GEORGE half of this room be mine . he push right past she and fall through the door . she grab he just in time , prop he upright . he move towards she , reach for she and kiss she . she respond gently . now she pull he to she . cuut to : int . bedroom . 120 two face , George and faith , side - by-side . pull back to see George and faith in bed , faith 's face flushed and damp , George 's hair tousle . faith 's hand be against she face , George reach to touch she hand , she turn she face away . faith this be crazy . GEORGE what be crazy ? faith me. here . with you . GEORGE what 's wrong with it ? faith everything . GEORGE it be wonderful . faith it 's crazy . GEORGE why ? faith because we be not together . GEORGE we be here , be not we ? a ( cont enued ) 120 continued : silence . i19 . 120 faith I do not know . call it a weak moment , call it anything you want -- GEORGE what 's wrong with it ? faith . my father die and then I want you ~- and then I see tomorrow -- you play one - on - one with Sandy 's son -- you with Sandy , she with you -- GEORGE do not -- please stop -- faith I be never right for you , George -- I sing all the music but I never know the word -- GEORGE you know the word -- you be a good mother -- faith . but I forget how to be a good wife . oh jee-zus I love you , George , jee-zus God I love you . I love you because you could love . you make I feel love when I be a girl and you help I grow into a woman . and just now , for a instant there -- I do not know -- you make I laugh , George -- you be kind . GEORGE you be right , I be not kind anymore . faith I neither . GEORGE you be kind to stranger . faith stranger be easy . a knock at the door . George get up , open it . ( continued ) 120 121 122 120 . continued : ( 2 ) 120 sherry be there . she look at faith , then at George . faith sit up straight . sherry Molly throw up she eclair . faith I 'il be right there . I think you better leave , George . cur to : closeup - sherry all confusion . CUT to : ext . faith be house - tennis court - night 121 light strung up on the wire mesh fence surround the complete court . the new clay surface reflect the light . add to that , torch burn in all corner . a few local : Rick , Frank 's partner , plus other couple , presentable and not-so-presentable ; on the court , Marianne and Molly and Jill lob ball to each other . at the open end of the court , in the summer house , a barbecue pit , Frank fire up some steak . a cassette player be hook up to a couple of speaker ; a few people dance desultorily . . another angle - sherry 122 all bubbly and smile , watch Frank work . he salt the steak , put they aside prior to fire they . faith come out of the house carry pitcher of beer . sherry ( to Frank ) would you like to dance , Frank ? frank in a minute , sherry . let I just get this steak on . faith place the beer on a table , look pleased . faith ( to Frank ) lot of salt -- I fike they all black and crusty . ( continued ) ) 122 121 . continued : 122 frank you get it , lady . Frank spread on : the salt . faith and franks Pov the party ablaze with light , the court glisten , the summer house casting pleasant shadow , the plop of tennis ball mixing with slow dance music . on faith and frank Frank take Frank 's hand . frank be this it ? faith this be it exactly . after a moment . faith you like to dance ? frank why not ? he turn to sherry . frank watch the steak , will you , sher ? give they five minute , then flip they . he hand she a big fork . another angle - on faith and frank Dancing , not much space between they . on sherry watch . the cassette finish , in the silence , sherry flip the steak . on rick pull a guitar from a case . he strum . Frank and faith return to sherry to survey the steak . ( continued ) 122 123 122,00 continued : ( 2 ) 122 . frank lookin ' good , sher . sherry hand Frank back the fork . Rick 's guitar play in the background . frank Rick 's not bad , huh , sher ? sherry not bad at all . faite go get you guitar . sherry . you and Rick could play together . sherry I be not good enough . Frank poke she with the fork . F go ahead , sher . she start back for the house . Frank and faith move back to the tennis court , dance close again . on sherry pause in the doorway , look back . sherry Pov in the distance , Frank and faith tie together , Frank 's hand run over faith . int . house - sherry room 123 sherry grab for she guitar . as she pass faith 's bedroom , she stop . . sherry Pov by faith 's bed , a big canvas bag . spill out , a man 's jeans and t-shirt , work boot . . closeup the bag . CUT to : 123. 124 ext , tennis court - later 124 Molly , Jill and Marianne have disappear . pile of plate and discard steak bone . couple pair off . Rick be still play . 125 another angle - faith and sherry and frank 125 the three of they dance together , arm wrap around each other . they seem dreamy and happy . sherry Frank spend the night ? faith maybe . frank tonight . faith just tonight . he bring he toothbrush . sherry that 's a big bag for a toothbrush . faith stop dance . faith what do you mean , sherry ? sherry : I mean I see Frank 's bag . it look like he 's go to stay awhile . frank do not go jump to any conclusion , sherry , sherry ( to faith ) be I jump ? . faith it 's none of you business -- sherry you fuck daddy last week . you fuck Frank this week . who you go to fuck next week ? faith slap sherry across the face , a terrible shot , she cheek flaré , sherry blink she eye , she start to waver . ( continued ) 125 126 127 128 124 . continued : 125 the blood rush to she face , she run away . . faith sherry ! sherry ! on sherry sprint . Frank and faith start after she . another angle - sherry 126 too fast for they . ina moment , she have disappear into the wood . on faith stumble , grab -- faith sherry ! sherry , honey , where be you ? sher -ree !! on sherry still go , light recede behind she . on faith she dive into the wood , run down a trail . but she have lose sherry . CUT to : ext . sandy'' house ~ night 127 through the window , George and Sandy and timmy play card . pan away from the window to the bush ; movement . sherry Pov the card game inside , laughter , smile on everybody 's ace , int . sandy'' house 128 timmy scoop up the card . sandy one more hand . GEORGE ssh . ( continued ) 128 on i I 1 129 '' a '' o~ 125 . continued : 128 silence . George pause , listen attentively , go to the french door and open they up . george' Pov down at the pier beside the water , sherry . GEORGE I will be right back . on timmy and sandy watch George run down the step toward the beach . at the pier 129 sherry sit , the light hit the bay on this warm night , the water slapping , a dinghy bump against the piling . sherry Pov George appear , typewriter in hand . GEORGE I think it be you . silence . GEORGE what 's the matter ? sherry nothing -- GEORGE you take a walk ? sherry by mistake . she look away . GEORGE I bring you you birthday present . he hand she the typewriter . she look at it suspiciously . GEORGE it have all the letter . ( continued ) 129 126 . continued : 129 sherry open it . sherry be it electric ? I hate electric . she lift the canvas cover , moonlight reflect off chrome and key . sherry stare at it . sherry it 's not electric . have you get any paper ? he start to reach for he wallet . sherry never mind . sherry poke in she pocket , pull out a old candy wrapper , roll it into the typewriter . GEORGE you want to come inside ? sherry make a face . she stare back at the typewriter . sherry it 's not dinky at all . she plunk something out . George smile . sherry close the case . silence . sherry you sleep with mommy up at grandpa 's . GEORGE yes . sherry you fuck Sandy and then you fuck mommy . GEORGE . please -- sherry please , what ? - GEORGE I do not think I have to take that from you . sherry you have not much choice . ' GEORGE oh I do not ? -- well I can just leave you little ass to freeze down here -- ( continued ) 127 . continued : ( 2 ) / 129 sherry good . George start to leave . GEORGE ( turn around honey , please . - sherry my ' Little ass ' have not freeze yet ... GEORGE please , I be sorry . sherry you be always sorry . I just do not want to get zap with a hanger again . GEORGE never . George lean over she . GEORGE please , sherry , please . now he sit next to she , put he arm around she and sit quietly with she . they move close to each other , they rock for a moment . tear . sherry why do you leave ? do you love she more than Mom ? GEORGE something happen between I and Mom -- sherry what -- ? GEORGE I do not know , I have get to figure it out . sherry you have be stay at Sandy 's for a month now and you have not figure it out ? GEORGE I like it at Sandy 's . ( continued ) 128 , 129 continued : ( 3 ) 129 sherry you mean you like sleep with she more than mommy ? she 's so bony . George do not answer . sherry what about what 's - he - name -- timmy ? GEORGE yes ? sherry ( a statement ) you love he more . GEORGE no . sherry be he good at card ? GEORGE Fair . sherry what be you play ? GEORGE heart . sherry do he ' shoot the moon ' ? GEORGE no , I do . sherry you be lie . GEORGE he shot it twice . sherry you go to take he on trip ? GEORGE remember the trip we take to Sea World -- mommy get the speed ticket -- ? sherry and you yell at she . GEORGE and she tell that cop off . ( continued ) 129 . 129 continued : ( 4 ) 129 . sherry 7 Sandy would not . GEORGE ( lovingly ) mommy 's crazy . sherry ( agree pleasantly ) yeaaah . George fall silent . sherry do you hate she ? GEORGE oh , no . sherry you love she . GEORGE yes -- I guess I do -- sherry why do not you tell she that ? 7 GEORGE '' I can not . sherry what go wrong ? GEORGE I do not know . after a while , you just stop give each other you best ... sherry watch George , he seem far away for the moment . GEORGE . you get tired of each other , you blame each other , you never can get back what you have at first -- so you go to somebody else -- | you want a clean slate -- no black mark against you . someone who will make you feel all new . sherry smile slightly . sherry so why do you sleep with mommy at a a the motel ? no answer from George . ( continued ) 129 130 130 . continued : ( 5 ) 129 silence . sherry ( after a moment ) be you go to let mommy get a divorce ? GEORGE I think I be go to have to . sherry what happen to I ? GEORGE I will love you more -- sherry why ? GEORGE because I will have more time for you -- I will be closer to you -- after a moment . sherry I think you will be closer to timmy . CUT to : ext . GEORGE and faith' house - driveway 130 George come into the driveway , he slow . george' Pov the light still on full , camper and motorcycle add lo the other vehicle beside the court now , the music poin ; , full blast . on faith and frank kiss . faith hear the car , she turn , see George pul} up , sherry get out of the car . on faith and GEORGE and sherry faith move away from Frank , hurry to sherry . faith you be all right , darling -- sherry hold up she new typewriter . ( continued ) 130 131 . continued : 130 sherry it 's not a electric . faith hesitates , smile . she be reassure . faith it 's what you want ? sherry sort of . sherry see faith and George stare at each other , now she wander off into the crowd . George look over the scene . faith ( to George ) you do not like it ? GEORGE just the opposite . faith what do you mean ? GEORGE you do it . you really do it . . faith do what ? GEORGE the court . the tennis court . Frank approach . frank hello . GEORGE how be you ? faith ( to George ) what do you think ? GEORGE what do I think about what ? faith the court , what do you think ? ( continued ) 132. 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 GEORGE oh , the court . the court look good . Frank beam . faith you really like it , George ? GEORGE I do . it add . frank that really please I . I be real anxious to know how you would feel . GEORGE I like it very much . frank good . can I get you a drink or something ? we have get some real good tequila my partner bring ack from Mexico . GEORGE no , thank you . frank you be sure ? GEORGE I be sure . after a moment . frank sure. ( to George ) if you change you mind , let I know . Frank wander off into the crowd , George watch he go . : faith I can tell sherry like she typewriter . GEORGE you be certain -~- ? faith absolutely . ( continued ) y 130 continued : silence . silence . 133. ( 3 ) 130 GEORGE good . George look over the gather . faith : we do the whole thing for three thousand dollar -- GEORGE no kid . faith the bradley pay five and theirs be not half as good . GEORGE I have see the bradley ' -- you be right . you get yourself a good contractor . faith Frank do careful work . you will come over and play sometime , will not you ? bring Sandy . GEORGE what do you mean ? faith I mean -- we have to work this thing out -- be grow up about it , remember ? GEORGE sure , yeah . be grow up about it . faith do not you want that ? GEORGE sure . faith you want to meet some of Frank 's friend ? GEORGE not right now . maybe later . ( continued ) ) , di ) 130 130 a 131 132 133 134 134 . continued : ( 4 ) 130 faith smile . faith maybe later . George smile back . faith why do not you try the tequila -- it will put hair on you chest . George laugh . GEORGE no , thanks . I have really get to go . faith smile . peck he on the cheek . faith you will see , it will be okay -- GEORGE sure . George start back for he car . faith watch he go . Frank appear . faith smile , they begin to dance again . : on GEORGE 130a make he way towards he car . george' Pov - tennis court 131 the light burn , the music blaring . on faith and frank Dancing slow . on george' car 132 leave the driveway . house - bedroom 133 Molly , Marianne and Jill in bed , wear tennis clothes , watch " Saturday night live . " a sudden screech . on faith and frank _ 134 stop dance . ( continued ) a 135 136 137 138 135 . on george' car 135 make a wide sweeping turn . faith and franks Pov 136 see George cut through the camper and motorcycle , bounce off a rock , slam into a camper , back off it , now head straight for the court . frank jee-zus . another angle - george' car come full speed now . at the bedroom window 137 Jill and Molly and Marianne peer out . on sherry 138 mouth open . on rick diving underneath a camper . on GEORGE hand clenching the wheel . on george' car cute through grass now , through a open not wide enough , he smashes through the mesh surround the court . a light pole falling . another angle - george' car ripping right through the court , the soft surface open up like ditch . scream . on GEORGE throw he car into another gear . driving through another piece of fence . another light pole fall . ( continued ) y 139 140 141 142 136 . wide angle 139 the place throw into semi-darkness , only barbecue torch burn . Jill and Marianne and Molly sprinting down from the house towards the tennis court . sherry run straight at George 's car . on GEORGE swerve to avoid sherry . nothing can stop he now . he drive right through the net -- it snap like a rubber band . George keep drive back and forth across the court , rip it to piece , pole and fence fall now , the summer house topple . on frank . 140 leap on top of George 's car . he grab a torch . smash it through the windshield . the car drive blindly into the rubble of the summer house , grind to a halt ; smoke and tear metal . Frank rip open the door . on faith . 141 she scream -- run at the car . on frank and GEORGE 142 at each other . George -- much smaller , fight like a maniac . Frank connect . George fall , Frank pull he up , level he again , Frank be merciless . blood and hair and tooth everywhere . on the kide shriek , try to pull Frank off -- now faith jump on Frank 's back , he throw she off , and George be right at Frank 's throat . but finally Frank rap he again . George 's ear flare with blood and . he sink to the ground . silence . around the court the guest stumn . Rick move towards Frank . Frank ignore he , the SOUND of a motorcycle revving up . one leave , then another . the guest drift quickly away . ( continued ) 142 143 137 . : continued : 142 on frank look over at faith . she do not see he . she be watch George . frank faith . Frank wait for faith but she do not move . now Frank start to leave , more motor start up , Frank climb into he truck . he take one last look at faith . faith' Pov she turn now , see Frank 's truck start off down the road . trance -like , faith take a step towards Frank 's truck as it stop once , Frank lean out the window towards she -- but she still do not move , she be freeze -- Frank drive on . the place have emptied now . on the child 143 Molly , Marianne and Jill group around the fall George -- a crumpled heap . '' on sherry take a wary step towards George . but faith be there before she . on faith lean over George . the child draw closer . sherry kneel down next to she father . george' face a pulp , a eye almost loose , blood run from he ear , he mouth misshapen . he try to open he lip . a tooth fall out . faith reach for he . she try to lift he to he foot . he struggle with she . GEORGE I can not . George settles down now on the court . faith scrunching down beside he . she touch she shirt against he face , tamp the blood . : ( continued ) y , 143 144 138 . continued : 143 sherry be there now , too , lie down beside George ; she lick he ear , george' Pov through the gore and the tear , blurred figure come at he . the other child , on GEORGE he make a motion to sherry and faith , and they both lift he slightly , make room for Molly ; she lie down in George 's lap , then Jill and Marianne come alongside . the child all find nich in George 's batter on GEORGE reach out for faith , pull she close to he , sherry in between , all the other child fight for room . George roan , faith make space for the child -- blood and lesh and sweat everywhere , they be all pack together . one huge , human ball . - another angle - tennis court 144 pulling back now from the heap of body on the court , rut everywhere , stanchion fall , the summer house splinter . another terrible groan from George . then , silence . GEORGE faith ? = faith yes ? GEORGE you there ? faith I be here . GEORGE I wish I could come home . George hold up he hand towards faith . faith reach she hand down for George ... she reach past George . they do not make contact . faith take Molly 's hand , straighten up . faith ( gently ) one of the thing about grow up , George , be you stop wishing . remember ? ( continued ) .) 144 139 . continued : 144 faith go with Molly . a shaft of light from a fall lamp catch the rest of the family huddle together in the center of the court and throw a long , solid , benign shadow over the wood . fade to black . the end