short term 12 by destin Daniel cretton August 31 , 2012 over black : mason ( 0.s. ) do not worry about it . on my first day , I forget everything they teach I in that class . nate ( 0.s. ) really ? ext . group home , cottage -- morning stand in a circle be mason , late - 20 , a hug-able bear with a_ good heart and sense of humor . jessica , 20 with a clipboard , quiet , confident and look like she could kick some ass , and nate , 20 , skinny and nervous as hell . mason yeah , I mean , day one 's always a little tough . it 's like , you know , no matter how the training go , there 's always room for something that 's just totally unpredictable . ( realize ) oh , I have get a pretty good story for you if you be ready for it . nate ok . jessica hey , what 's up ? nate hey . mason do you guy meet ? nate no. nate . jessica hi. nate hey . jessica jessica . nate ... jessica . mason okay , listen up , so , this be like , my first week on the job , and I be at gate duty . nate what 's that ? Grace hop off she bike and walk it up to a small group stand outside of the building . Grace jump in . mason see she for the first time . grace if a kid want to leave , legally , we can not stop they . so we put someone at the gate to try to talk they out of it . mason whoa . you get here quick . grace yes I do . good morning . jessica hi. mason nate , this be Grace , she 's you new boss . grace oh. nate hey . grace hi . Nice to meet you . nate Nice to meet you . she shake nate 's hand . grace I would lose the tie if I be you . and if you be listen to a story of mason 's , understand that there 's very little reality in it . mason hey , do not piss in the water before we put we toe in . jessica hand Grace a clipboard of the night 's report . jessica ( to Grace ) night shift be pretty mellow . she go through it as mason entertain . mason okay , so , Grace , my wonderful new boss at the time . she leave I at my gate duty for like 3 hour without a bathroom break , and I be die , because I eat the taco that they serve here , and she fail to tell I that they be a know laxative . so , this kid , 16 year old , this big fuck intimidating dude , he 's like a foot taller than I , he walk up , and he just cruise out the gate . it 's my second day , so I do not know what the hell be go on , but Grace ? she 's stand right there and she just let 's it happen . grace ( interrupt ) whatever , what I see be mason just sit there , and wesley smile at I from the opposite side of the gate , because he know that we can not touch he . nate why not ? grace once they be a foot outside the gate we can not touch ‘em . mason so Grace tell I to follow he , so I do . for hour , just walk , 8 foot behind he . eventually , he get on this bus , so , I get on the bus too . and at this point , I can not think of anything but whatever the hell this taco be do to my bowel , so I make up my mind , fuck this , I get to get off at the next stop or I be go to lose it in my short right in front of all this people . and exactly as I make this decision , wesley lean he big -ass head over to I from across the aisle and he say really calm , " I be get off at the next stop , and if you do too , I be go to rip you fuck ball off and feed ‘em to you . " nate Holy shit . grace remember what I say . mason ( to Grace ) hey now , this part be true , I be there . grace really ? be you sure ? mason yeah . ( to nate ) so , bus stop . he get off . I wait a second , I go over to the door , but he 's just stand there on the sidewalk like 10 foot away , stare at I , wait . what can I do ? I have no other choice . so , I step off the bus , and the second that my foot touch the ground , it be like a knot in my asshole unty , and the fiesta in my stomach just come pour down my leg . jessica , nate and Grace can not help buy laugh . mason ( cont 'd ) so I be just stand there , shit gush down my thigh , I ruin my fuckin’ favorite nike 's , and wesley 's just there , double over , lose it . I mean , he 's fuckin’ laugh so hard - boom ! the door from the unit fly open and sammy come run out in he underwear , swinging he doll around . sammy wooooohooooo ! !!! he take off into the yard . Grace immediately take off after he . mason follow right behind . mason here we go nate ! nate wait , what ? grace come on , nate ! nate look to jessica , real nervous . jessica go! nate run after they . Grace and mason begin to gain on sammy . grace sammy ! sammy fake they out a couple of time , make they work for it . Grace finally get close enough to grab he . sammy hoot , like he 's have a blast . mason grab he arm . sammy let I go you fuck pervert ! nate catch up . grace nate , grab he foot please . nate nervously follow direction , grab the boy 's foot . together , mason and nate force he to sit down on the grass . sammy scream ! mason we be just go to sit down here on the grass until you de -escalate . sammy de-escalate my asshole you duck fucker ! the three sit down in the grass as mason smile to himself . mason I be not quite sure what you mean by that . Grace hold sammy 's foot . grace you know the drill sammy , just let it pass . sammy keep struggle , but quickly realize he can not do anything . mason you alright buddy ? sammy breathes heavily . mason ( cont ’d ) you get pretty far that time , I think it 's a new record . the three sit until thing calm down . and when it 's finally calm , mason continue like nothing happen . mason ( cont 'd ) so anyway , after all that , he end up come back with I , but only because he 's so excited to tell everyone on we unit that I poope my pants . and he do . he tell everyone , somehow it even get back to my mom . you hear that story , right sammy ? sammy catch he breath ... he shake he head " no " , then nod " yes " , then no again . jessica how you guy do over there ! jessica watch they from the door . mason fantastic ! grace how ya feel sammy ? you get it all out ? sammy look exhaust . grace ( cont 'd ) you wanna go take a nap ? sammy nod . grace ( cont 'd ) alright . let 's get you up . ( to nate ) alright , i’1l see you back at the office . nate nod nervously as she walk off . mason welcome to short term 12 , man . mason stand sammy up . nate alright . credit sequence introducing the group home int . cool down room -- morning a static shot of the " cool down room , " bob in the center . a toy punch bag int . girl be room 1 -- morning a large girl , lie in bed , foot on the wall , head hang off the side , look at the world upside down , filing she nail with a non-metal file . int . girl bathroom -- morning a girl sit on the toilet ( fully clothed ) with wet hair wrap in a towel , apply nair to she leg . int . girl room 2 -- morning one girl braid another girl 's hair . int . marcus ' room -- morning marcus , 17 , a intimidating quiet presence , sit on he bed read a science book . he pinch some worm into a fishbowl and watch he pet fight fish gobble they up . int . luis ' room -- morning luis , 15 , sleep in bed with a pillow between he leg , drool on he sheet . family photo cover he wall . int . boy' bathroom -- morning a few of the boy be at the sink , brush they tooth and pop they zit . int . girl bathroom -- morning a few of the girl be at the sink , pluck eyebrow with wooden tweezers , apply eye liner , brush or floss . int . sammy' room -- morning sammy , 14 and small for he age , sit on he bed in only he white brief , play with he doll . pile on he bed be dozen of doll and stuff animal mean for a little girl . a big american flag be stick to the wall behind he . he grab one of he doll and make she fly , stand up on he bed and bounce high . holding she up into the air . end credit sequence int . group home , lobby bathroom -- morning Grace fill a Super - soaker water gun with water , screw the container back onto the gun . she look down at herself , at she stomach . int . group home office -- morning Grace briskly walk into the office . she grab a big red binder from the counter - top and hand it to nate , wait nervously on the side . she do not stop for he , head for the door . grace this be the file on we kid , to give you a idea of some of the crap they have be through . nate begin to thumb through the binder as Grace look in she backpack . nate how long do they stay here ? grace supposedly less than a year , but some have be here for over 3 . we just keep ‘em until the county figure out where they go next . Grace pull a pair of jeans from she backpack . she look out the window into the lounge and see a kid lie on the couch . she pound on the window . grace ( cont 'd ) Tom ! go brush you tooth ! she then turn to see nate react to one of the file . grace ( cont 'd ) remember , you be not they parent , and you be not they therapist . you ’‘re here to create a safe environment for they , that 's it . nate get it . grace and they be go to try to test you to see what they can get away with , so for now , just say no for a while . nate no. okay . grace you have to kinda be a asshole before you can be they friend . ( beat ) you be gonna be fine . Grace walk out the door . int . group home hallway -- continuous grace Community meeting be in 5 minute ! ( beat ) Luis , you better be up ! she storm into Luis 's room , cock she water gun . int . luis ' room -- continuous Grace march in to find Luis still sleep . she rip the cover off he and pull he pillow out from under he leg . she pump the water gun a few more time and crouch to one knee , take aim like a navy seal . Luis slowly open he eye and look at she . she smile at he coyly . luis so this be how it 's go to be ? she nod . grace you get 5 second . Luis smile . luis ( in spanish ) you do not have the ball . he close he eye with a smile . Grace aim for the head . int . group home hallway -- continuous Luis scream from inside he room and come run out , chase by a cold stream of water . luis ( laugh ) okay okay okay okay ! Grace do not stop , laugh and chase he all the way to the bathroom . mason walk down the hall , carry a pile of fold towel . a few other boy gather at they doorway with big smile . mason shout into the bathroom . mason ( spanish ) I tell you not to mess with she ! 10 Grace shoot a stream right in mason 's face , put the gun on he pile of towel , and keep walk down the hall . mason take it without flinching . mason ( cont ’d ) I love you too . that 's not cool . int . group home lounge -- continuous all the kid be talk to each other as Grace take a seat . there be 14 of they ( 7 boy & 7 girl ) sit in a circle . sammy be hold one of he doll . grace kendra , can you be secretary for we today ? kendra , a bored girl , shrug . kendra sure , I guess . grace thank you . Grace toss kendra a tablet and pencil to take note . kendra Community meeting be now in session ! ( beat ) Community announcement . kendra survey the room . kendra ( cont 'd ) no announcement ? Grace look around the room at the dead face . no one want to participate . grace what 's go on you guy ? you look a little dead . she look back to mason . grace ( cont 'd ) what would you do to they ? mason I do not know . I farted when I be outside , maybe some of it follow I in . luis you shart yourself again ? 11 mason no , Luis , I do not shart , thank you very much . and that happen one time and you be not even here yet , so ... luis it 's still funny . grace ok , be we do . I have hear that story like three time today . mason yeah , it 's a good story . luis it be a good story . grace okay , well , if no one have any non - poop-relate announcement , I have one . as most of you be already aware , Marcus be turn 18 , and will be leave we . luis ( taunting Marcus ) can I have he room ? Marcus do not like that comment . grace we be go to be throw he a little party next week . Marcus , you have any request ? Marcus think about it for a second . marcus can I shave my head ? grace I be talk about food for the party . marcus I do not want food , I just wanna shave my head . she shoot a look to mason , who shrug . grace okay , as long as I hold the razor . marcus that 's cool . cam hold on Marcus as Grace go on . 12 grace okay , everyone else . thought , food for Marcus 's party . what be we gonna do ? luis cheeto ! sammy carne fries ! kendra kfc ! all the kid begin to shout they order in a chaotic chorus . grace okay , okay ! everyone , one at a time ! Luis raise he hand . Grace look at he . grace ( cont 'd ) Luis , thank you for raise you hand . luis who 's that weird guy ? Luis point to nate . grace oh , that be nate . please do not be jerk to he . it be first day . ( to nate ) you wanna introduce yourself ? nate smile and wave . nate um , sure . yeah , um . as you know my name be nate and I , uh , just , uh , I take a year off of school to get some life experience and I have always want to work with underprivileged kid . marcus what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? grace Marcus , settle down . marcus no , I wanna know what you mean by that ' underprivileged 's . 13 nate that 's not what I mean . marcus then think about you fuckin ' word before you speak . newbie . grace hey ! that 's a level drop . go to you room . Marcus stare at she , let she know he do not have to go if he do not want to . Grace do not back down , not the least bit intimidate . grace ( cont 'd ) go to you room . finally , he get up and walk to he room . grace ( cont 'd ) um , level and feeling , you know the drill ... let 's start with you Luis . she toss he the little stuff bear . luis Green , fine . as the kid each take turn toss the bear and say they level and feeling , Grace look off in Marcus ' direction , scratch the corner of she thumb with she fingernail . mason notice she . CUT to : int . group home lounge -- later the phone ring . Grace pick up while write a report on Marcus ' blow - up . grace short term 12 this be Grace . ( pause ) right now ? int . group home jack office -- day Grace sit in a office , stare at a big , ugly , yellow lamp in the corner of the room . jack , a old guy with glass , finish a email on he computer , type very slow and loud . he talk while he type . jack so what do you think ? 14 grace hm ? jack the new lamp . she look at the very normal look lamp . jack ( cont 'd ) it 's really a trip . you can turn it on and off by just touch the metal part . try it . Grace reach over and touch the lamp a few time , take it through its various level of illumination . jack ( cont 'd ) cool , huh ? he turn to Grace . Grace shrug and give he a slight nod that say , " maybe a little . " jack ( cont ’d ) look I be suppose to be in a group session like right now . you mind if we walk and talk ? Jack get up and grab a couple folder from he desk . CUT to : ext . group home , cottage -- day Jack and Grace walk down the sidewalk pass the cottage . a small group of kid play dodge - ball in the foreground , supervise by a couple staff member . kid and social worker pass through frame in the background . Jack fumble through he folder and hand she a file . jack this be jayden , she just get appoint to we this morning . her father 's a friend of a friend . Real nice guy , very culture . grace why be not she with he ? jack he lose he wife a few year back and jayden have not make it very easy for he . the past couple year she 's be in and out of group home for dangerous behavior . last week she bit she therapist 's nose . 15 grace great . jack yeah , so we will have she during the week , but she have weekend home visit . grace alright . jack I tell she father we have take good care of she . grace I take good care of everyone . Jack look directly at she , a small smile on he face , remind she who 's in charge . jack I know you do . that 's why I be trust you to do the same for jayden . grace ( let 's it go ) when do she get here ? Jack look at he watch . jack she might be here already . he walk into he meeting . int . group home office -- day jayden , 15 , in wear jeans and high - top with scribbles all over they , sit on the floor surround by all she belonging , draw in a sketchbook , fixate on a dead roach lie on its back a few foot away . grace I like you name , jayden . jayden it 's a boy 's name . grace really ? I do not think so . jayden will Smith do . Grace go through the last of she bag . she pull out a belt and add it to the pile of contraband . she pull out a pair of scissors . 16 grace okay , well this thing you can not keep in you room , but we will keep it in a closet out here , and you can check it out whenever you want ‘em . jayden yep , I know the rule : no belt , no razor , no scissors , no fuck freedom . grace no cussing . jayden oh shit , I forget about that one . Grace smile at she and shake she head , amused . grace I be gonna let that one slide , only cause it be clever . Grace head to the door . grace ( cont 'd ) let 's go see you room . jayden watch she , wonder if this one may be different . int . jayden' room -- day grace here it be . jayden throw she stuff on the bed , include she sketch pad . jayden wow , it 's so invite . grace you can put up whatever you want on the wall , as long as it 's appropriate . jayden so no picture of penise ? grace not unless they be very scientific . jayden walk over to check out the closet . Grace see jayden 's sketch book and a really cool draw of a dead roach with balloon tie to its foot , float through the sky . Grace pick it up and smile . grace ( cont 'd ) oh , wow . this be really cool . 17 jayden grab the sketchbook and close it . jayden that 's crap . grace if you call that crap , I be jealous . Grace take in a breath and realize jayden do not want to chat . grace ( cont 'd ) put you clothes outside the door before bedtime and the over - nighter will wash they . and , um , you can not keep you door close ... jayden I do not do that anymore . grace I be not say you do ... jayden and if I do ever want to cut myself , keep the fuck door crack be not go to stop I . grace I warn you about cussing . that one 's gonna be a level drop . jayden oh no , a level drop , what be I go to do ? Grace look at she for a moment before respond . grace you attitude be not help either one of we . jayden put in she headphone . Grace watch she for a moment , then walk out of the room . int . girl room 1 -- afternoon kendra lie in bed , foot on the wall , filing she nail with a non-metal file . int . sammy 's room -- afternoon sammy play with a plastic dinosaur . int . marcus 's room -- afternoon Marcus stare at he fish . 18 int . group home office -- afternoon Grace sign out she hour for the day and put the binder away . ext . group home lounge -- afternoon mason stand with nate , smoking a cigarette after work . nate have a back - pack on . Grace unlock she bicycle . nate what happen to that guy ? mason what guy ? nate the big kid who make you poop you pants . mason wesley ? grace he run away again , and then two day later someone find he dead in the bush . nate what ? grace that 's the real end to the story . mason I do not like that part . mason take a drag as Grace get on she bike . mason ( cont 'd ) sure you be not come with I . grace I be gonna clear my head . she ride off . grace ( cont 'd ) good first day nate ! nate ( unsure ) thank you . mason ( sarcastic ) see ya ! 19 nate alright , man mason yeah , take it easy . see you tomorrow . he take another drag . ext . suburban street -- afternoon Grace ride she bike . ext . women' care clinic -- afternoon Grace lock she bike to a railing . int . women' care clinic lobby -- afternoon Grace sit in a wait room with 4 teenage girl . she 's visibly awkward and out of place . nurse beth , a plump 40 year - old with a weathered face , walk out from the back with a clipboard in hand . nurse beth Grace ? come on in , hon . Grace get up and walk back with she . int . women' care clinic office -- afternoon nurse Beth sit at she desk , look at the testing result on the clipboard . she have a kind , motherly tone in she voice . nurse beth so , the test do come back positive . grace ( sarcastic ) Lovely . nurse beth how be you feel ? grace I already take like seven of that test at home , so I be not really surprised . nurse beth okay , well you have a few option to explore . and we can go over they - grace ( interrupt ) can we just make a appointment for Saturday ? 20 nurse Beth look at she , wonder if she 's really think it through . nurse beth you do not want to hear the other option ? grace no . nurse Beth look at she , look down at Grace 's hand . nurse beth okay . she grab another clipboard . nurse beth ( cont ’d ) have you ever be pregnant before ? Grace be a little throw off . grace one time . Grace pick at the corner of she thumb . ext . grace's apartment -- evening Grace turn to see if anyone be watch she as she walk to she front door . Grace stand outside she apartment door . she take in a deep breath , compose herself , practice a fake smile , and walk in . int . grace's apartment kitchen -- evening Grace walk into she apartment to find mason , wear a tall chef 's hat , cooking some authentic mexican dish in the kitchen . he turn to see she and smile . mason hey stinker , what take you so long ? grace ( avoid the question ) oh , no . I do not know you still have that stupid hat . mason I will always have this stupid hat . grace what 's go on in here ? 21 mason well since you be out cheating on I with you bike , I decide I would make myself some chili relleno , homemade tortilla , and my mom 's famous salsa . he uncover the pot to let she have a whiff . grace mmm . look like there 's enough for two . mason no , I doubt it . grace mase , you do not have to be jealous of floyd . mason ( laugh ) floyd ? you bike have a name now ? grace of course he do . we be very close . mason I do not know what you see in he . grace Nice grip . comfy seat . mason there be no way he seat be as comfy as mine . Grace smile and touch he arm apologetically . grace you be right . I think I be gonna go take a shower . ( while leave ) floyd get I all sweaty . mason smile and shake he head . mason I hate that bike ! int . grace's apartment bathroom -- later Grace sit in the shower , let the water pummel she . she let a glob of spit fall from she mouth . lost. empty . scare . 22 int . grace's apartment live room -- evening two empty plate of ( authentic mexican dish ) sit on the coffee table with a pot and wooden ladle . mason and Grace sit on the couch , face each other , sketching in two separate tablet . they both be glance up at each other and make adjustment to they illustration . grace okay , I be do with mine . mason uh , yeah , okay . yep , almost there . grace there 's some crazy last minute change you be make . mason I really suck at nose . mason ( cont 'd ) okay . you go . she turn hers over . it 's a really great draw of mason smile with a messy beard and stick - out ear . mason ( cont 'd ) aw , damn it . your be always so good . ( look ) I look like a homeless guy though . grace you do kind of look like a homeless guy . mason what 's that on my face there ? he point to a spot on he beard . grace oh , that . well that 's the piece of avocado that 's on you beard . mason ( smile ) no , no . fuck . he wipe the avocado off he beard . grace it 's be there the whole time . mason ooo , yeah . thank you for say something sooner . 23 mason ( cont 'd ) okay , alright here we go . just take it easy okay cause you be gonna freak out when you see this . I think it 's my best one yet . okay . mason flip he book to reveal the worst portrait of someone ever draw . Grace be incredibly distort , do not look anything like she , and have a horrible nose . Grace laugh . mason ( cont 'd ) come on . you can not fuck with that . grace I can not fuck with that . grace ( cont 'd ) that nose be amazing . mason yeah , I be go for kind of a mushroomy thing . grace be that a beard ? mason no , I be try to shade . I think it look pretty cool . grace what 's go on on my head ? she point to the bed of flower grow out of she head . mason this ? Flowers . they represent the peculiar thought that grow out of you gorgeous mind . Grace smile . she meet he eye for a moment and be remind of how much she love he . grace why be you so nice to I ? mason be we be serious now ? Grace nod . 24 mason ( cont 'd ) well , it 's easy . it 's because you be the weirdest , most beautiful person I have ever meet in my whole entire life . Grace like that . she lean in and give he a really good kiss . mason ( cont ’d ) whoa . grace what ? mason I do not know . it 's just be a long time since you have kiss I like that . Grace think about it . grace that 's not true . mason uh huh . we have not have sex in 9 day and 13 hour . grace down to the hour , huh ? mason do I do something ? Grace shake she head . grace no , you be wonderful . mason what be it then ? Grace look away . she begin to scratch she thumb . mason notice and gently hold she hand to stop she . mason ( cont 'd ) please , you be gonna have to let I in you head every once in a while or I be gonna go nut ... Grace grab he face with both hand and shush he . grace shhhh shhhh . shhhh . she kiss he on the cheek , the nose , the corner of he mouth . 25 she push she lip against he and pull he down onto the couch . she grab mason 's hand and guide they , through she hair , she face , she neck , down she side , to she leg . he slide he hand along she skin , gently , carefully , always make sure that it 's what she want . mason be you gonna do this just for I ? she kiss he again and move he hand up she leg , high under she short . her breathe quicken . he slide he hand down she belly , slip into she underwear , pause there , read she skin like brail . she obviously want he to keep go , but he wait for eye contact to be sure . she look at he , she hand tapping the back of he head with anticipation . mason ( cont ’d ) you okay ? grace yeah . mason yeah ? mason ( cont ’d ) you do not want I to stop ? she shake she head , and then he touch she . she gasp . mason kiss she again . her leg pinch tightly around he hand . her breathe quicken . the pleasure overcome she and she lose control , push up against he . eye close , gasp for air , squeezing he hair between she finger . and then . grace ( quietly ) stop. mason what ? grace stop ! Grace hit he hard with a straight palm to the nose and kick he to the floor . mason ah ! shit ! she quickly curl up into the fetal position on the couch . mason touch he nose , bright red and bleed . mason ( cont 'd ) uh... what the hell Grace ? 26 she stay curl up on the couch without a answer . he get up and walk to the bathroom . int . grace's apartment , bathroom -- continuous mason stand at the mirror , wash the blood from he face . he take a moment to let the frustration go . int . grace's apartment -- moment later mason sit on the couch with Grace 's head in he lap , stroking she hair . he hold he head back with a bloody tissue to he nose . fade out : ext . group home , cottage -- morning Grace lock she bike to the gate and walk into the unit . int . group home , lounge -- morning Grace sit in a circle with she 16 kid , jessica , mason and nate observe . grace okay everyone , I think most of you have already meet she , but we have a new member in we community . jayden , would you introduce yourself ? jayden um . please do not be offended if I be not very friendly , but I be go to be live with my dad soon , and I do not really like waste time on short term relationship , so you know , it 's nothing personal . luis wow , she seem like a really nice girl . grace hey ! I think we all can respect she space , okay ? ( beat ) okay , what do we wanna play for rec today ? luis whiffleball ! 27 marcus no man , we always play that stupid game . luis because you always suck at it . until you get good at it , maybe we can stop play it . marcus watch you mouth , bro . grace ( to Marcus and Luis ) both of you cut it out . ( to the rest ) any other suggestion ? sammy , wear a girl 's top , raise he hand , which be hold a doll . grace ( cont ’d ) yes , sammy ? sammy can we play big and small ? grace be that a real game or be that a game you just make up ? sammy it 's a real game that I just make up . grace okay , maybe you can explain it to I later . int . group home lounge -- later jessica straight guy ! all the kid walk out the door in a straight line . nate and mason carry all the equipment for a game of whiffle ball . Grace walk up to jessica and hold up a pair of latex glove . grace I be gonna do room check . so i’1l meet you out there . jessica nod and look back to she kid . int . jayden' room -- day Grace pull latex glove over she finger . 28 a upbeat song bump through Grace 's headphone as she go to work . she slide she hand across the top of the door , search the curtain , pull open a drawer and look under the clothes . she flip through a sketch book fill with amazing , emotional drawing . she can not help but look through a little more than she should . she find a few sharpie pen and a bottle of black nail polish that she take as contraband . as she leave she shake she head at jayden 's new wall decor : a few scientific illustration of penis diagram , show all the inner working of the male genital . int . sammy' room -- day she look at all the doll and stuff animal on he bed and begin to filter through they , squeezing each one to make sure they be clear . while look through a '' junk drawer '' full of weird toy and knickknack , she find a old photo of sammy and he sister when they be little . int . marcus' room -- continuous Grace take a moment to look closely at Marcus 's fish . grace hi nas . she pull all the cover off the bed and run she finger through they , squeeze a pillow , tilt up a mattress and look underneath . about to drop the mattress back down , she notice something : a small strip of tape . she reach in and carefully peel it off to reveal a small hole . she carefully push she finger in and after a moment of search , feel something . she carefully pull out a small bag of marijuana , a pre-roll joint , and a lighter . she shake she head . ext . recreation area -- day the kid be spread out in the grass . nate cross he arm like jessica , try to be a leader . kendra come on guy . let 's go shawnta , let 's go ! 29 nate alright , we get baseball here . there you go ! you get this ! shawnta hit the ball into the outfield towards sammy . sammy 's in the outfield look at a bug ( still hold he doll ) . the ball land close to he . luis hey , yo sammy . get the ball . sammy look up at the ball but do not seem interested . the girl make it to home . mason walk up to jayden , sit in the grass with she headphone on . mason sit down next to she . mason what ? too good for this game ? she take out one of she headphone . jayden what ? mason you too good for whiffleball ? jayden I do not like sweat . Marcus step up to the plate with the skinny bat . luis hey , you know what connor , just come closer . it 's Marcus , he be not gonna hit it . luis ( cont 'd ) you sure you do not want to get the fat bat ? no ? Luis pitch the whiffle ball , taunting Marcus , who do not swing . luis ( cont 'd ) Strike one , everybody . Strike one ! he raise a finger to he teammate . marcus that be not no strike . 30 luis that be right down the middle . this be the big league boy . can not handle it ? marcus keep flap they gum . kendra and another girl run up to nate with a jump rope in hand . kendra hey , you wanna jump rope with we ? nate want to say yes , but remember what he 's tell . nate no ? the girl turn away , defeat . nate ( cont 'd ) sorry , we be not suppose to ... jessica that 's not what we mean . mason ( to jayden ) can I hear ? she apathetically hand he one of she ear bud . Grace arrive on the scene . she notice mason sit on the sideline with jayden , listen to the same ipod , bounce to the same beat . Luis pitch . Marcus swing and miss . marcus fuck ! luis strick three ! Change it up . Marcus do he best to curb he frustration . Luis brushes by he , tauntingly . luis ( cont 'd ) Bet you mom 's excited to see you next week . Marcus cock he head , wonder if he hear correctly . Luis keep walk but Marcus spin around and swing . bam ! he clock he hard on the back with the plastic bat . 31 grace Marcus ! Grace see it and sprint to they . all the staff rush to the scene . Luis wince in pain , spin around to face Marcus who grab he by the face and throw he to the ground . marcus what have the fuck you say about my mom you little bitch ?! Marcus wind up to hit he again , but be push away by Grace . she get right up in Marcus 's face and push he . grace hey , hey ! what be you do ? get you ass over to the bench ! mason guy , get Luis out of here ! jessica Luis , come on , come on . nate ( to Luis ) where do it hurt ? nate and jessica take Luis away . improvisation : with game in session , jessica and nate be check with Luis . jessica ( to Luis ) you okay , man ? how do you feel ? nate not good . I mean that be crazy . they just fight like that ? jessica nate . I be not ask you how you be feel , okay . nate right . I be sorry . ( to Luis ) how be you ? ext . recreation area -- moment later the game be in session . 32 Grace sit on the bench next to Marcus . they sit in silence for a moment . grace you need to tell I what the hell be go on . Marcus do not look up . Grace reach into she pocket and pull out the bag of pot she find earlier . she place it on the bench between they . Marcus get a little uncomfortable . grace ( cont 'd ) assault and drug possession ? you realize that 's enough to get you ass throw in juvi . marcus you think I give a fuck ? grace you be out of here in less than a week . you be so much smarter than this . I know it 's scary out there . marcus I be not scared of shit . grace all I be say be , get throw in jail be not what you want to do . Marcus shake he head . she look off . grace ( cont 'd ) my dad 's be in there for 10 year . this catch he attention . grace ( cont 'd ) I do not want that for you . ext . group home lounge -- day all the kid file back into the lounge , sweaty from they game of whiffleball . Marcus walk through the door . mason straight to you room Marcus ! jessica no free time until all you chore be do ! 33 mason walk up to Grace after everyone have go inside . mason what 's go on with he ? grace he do not wanna leave . mason look in Marcus 's direction . mason should I go talk to he ? grace yeah . mason alright , I will be inside , let Marcus kick the shit out of I . grace have fun ! int . marcus ' room -- day Marcus sit at he desk with he headphone on , write lyric in he notebook . mason knock on the door . Marcus pull off he headphone and acknowledge he with a head nod . mason you get some new lyric you wanna try out on I ? Marcus look down at he notebook . marcus there 's a lot of fuck in it . mason shrug . mason I will not tell . CUT to : int . marcus' room -- moment later mason sit next to Marcus on the bed , play drum on a upside - down , rubber trash -can . he start a very simple hip - hop beat . mason like that ? marcus yeah . 34 Marcus begin to feel it , hold he notebook of lyric . then he spit it out . marcus ( cont ’d ) it do not matter now , damn near eighteen , all the pretty picture in my fuck head be fade . and when I think about that trick that raise I , I think about sick , cause the bitch be crazy . fuck that bitch , nigger , fuck that pain . you body 's in a ditch inside this turn up brain , I mean I can not see how you claim it . you be a mom ? doctor snatch I out the snatch , pair of evil eagle claw . Ho ho ho , slut , fuck the way you want it . get you young dumb son pitchin pigeon for money . I mean be colder than the bitch when it 's sunny . blow 's raining down on the globe , get the nerve to tell I you love I ? I say again ? again ? sell it again ? bitch , I be ten , let I go outside and function with friend . Marcus begin to pick up he intensity . mason stop drum halfway through , too catch up in Marcus 's performance and raw honesty to continue . marcus ( cont ’d ) you say you mar ? you mother ? you tha father fuckin ' queen ? I say alright , I love she , so I flip it again . Nah , not this time , bitch , cause I be stronger than you . not this time , bitch , swinging harder than you . Nah , not this time , bitch , you be not leave I a choice , you just a body in a ditch in the brain of a boy . all fuck up now , damn near eighteen , all the picture in my past be not never fade . I be always wishing for something amazing , but when you life be shit , then there be not no trading . so put I in you book so you know what it 's like to live a life not know what a normal life 's like . put a label on my head so you know what it 's like to live a life not know what a normal life 's like . look into my eye so you know what it 's like . look into my eye so you know what it 's like . look into my eye so you know what it 's like to live a life not know what a normal life 's like . 35 Marcus finish , breathe heavy , stare at the floor . mason be dumbfounded . mason I do not even know what to say . marcus it 's cool , man . I just need to shave my head . you think Grace will still shave it ? mason 's a bit catch off - guard by the question . int . jayden be room -- day Grace knock on jayden 's door . jayden look up from she bed to see Grace stand with sketchbook in one hand . grace I like the new wall decor . jayden look up , then glance at she penis diagram . jayden thanks . they be actually very informative . Grace smile and hold up she sketchbook . grace can I draw with you ? jayden look at she , consider . CUT to : int . jayden be room -- moment later the two sit on the bed , draw portrait of each other in they sketchbook . grace when I be 9 or ten , I use to draw portrait of all my mom 's boyfriend and then I have sell they to she for 10 buck a piece . jayden how many boyfriend do she have ? grace enough that I be able to save up and buy one of that portable cd player with anti-shock protection . jayden smile a little . jayden you be old . 36 grace whatever , that thing be cool . Grace be lose in the memory . grace ( cont 'd ) you know what 's weird ? whenever I be draw portrait of that guy , I would always take forever . like 30 , 40 minute , just stringin ' ‘em along , like , '' oh I just gotta do a couple more shadow , or finish fix the nose . '' I do not know why I do that ... I hate every single one ‘em . jayden maybe you be just try to keep ‘em away from you mom . Grace think about it for a moment . grace yeah , maybe . ( beat ) be you do ? jayden ( sarcastic ) I just gotta do a couple more shadow , and fix the nose a little . Grace smirk . grace you be such a little smart ass . jayden smile back . jayden that 's a level drop . grace oh , no . not a level drop . I want to play foosball later . jayden well , too bad . the two continue with they drawing , side by side . int . bathroom -- day a razor slide across Marcus ' shaven head . Marcus sit in a chair in front of the bathroom mirror with a towel around he and hair all over the place . Grace stand behind he with a razor , finish up the back of he head . mason stand beside she . 37 grace okay , finish . wanna take a look ? Marcus do not move , just stay sit there , stare at the floor . Grace look to mason . mason it look great Marcus . check it out . marcus be it lumpy ? mason and Grace exchange another confuse look . mason what do you mean ? Marcus still stare at the floor . marcus I usually keep my hair long , cause that 's where she use hit I . ( beat ) be it still lumpy ? mason no way man , not at all . see for yourself . he stand up slowly and look at himself in the mirror . he walk up closer , touch he head , feel it , squeezing it , as if look for something . he 's amaze . marcus pretty smooth . Marcus turn to Grace and mason with a big smile . marcus ( cont ’d ) what about the back ? no scar , nothing ? grace it look really great . Marcus look at himself again in the mirror , then brace himself on the sink and begin to sob uncontrollably . mason walk up to he and put he hand on he back . Grace watch they , touch by the scene : he 's go to be a good dad . int . grace's apartment bathroom -- night Grace sit in the tub . 38 int . grace's apartment bedroom -- night mason and Grace lie in bed . grace mason . I have something to tell you . mason what 's that ? grace we be go to have a baby . mason what ? grace we be go to have a baby . Grace nod , unsure of how he will take it . he think for a moment . mason we be ? grace mmhmm . mason whoa . he sit up , then stand . he pace . mason ( cont ’d ) um , ah , give I a minute . mason go into bathroom . mason ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh , boy . Holy shit . mason return and look down , notice Grace , sense she worry , bend to she , hold she hand in he , look at she more seriously and adult - like than ever . mason ( cont ’d ) hey . she look at he . mason ( cont ’d ) you know we can do this right ? she do not give he much of a response . mason ( cont ’d ) we be go to be some amazing parent . 39 she watch he eye tear up as he look at she with a giant , genuine smile ... he try to fight the tear but lose it . mason ( cont 'd ) I love you so much Grace ... ( shaking he head ) ++. so much it 's insane . she pull he close , hide she face in he chest . as mason glow with excitement , Grace still ponder what the hell she 's do . music cue int . grace's apartment bathroom -- morning Grace and mason stand in the bathroom , brush they tooth . they speak through bubbles and bristle . mason let I see . he try to lift up she shirt , but she do not let he . grace you can not tell yet . mason come on . she keep brush she tooth , then nonchalantly lift up she shirt to reveal she belly . mason look at it with a smile , then put he hand on it . mason ( cont ’d ) that be so crazy . int . grace's apartment kitchen -- morning the cooking timer go off with a ding ! mason reach into the oven and pull out a batch of perfectly baked cupcake . he have he chef hat on and a apron around he waist . he open a can of strawberry frosting . he spread the frosting over the final cupcake . open a can of sprinkle . he carefully apply the final sprinkle to the batch . mason be deep in think as he go through the step . int . grace's apartment bedroom -- morning Grace sit at she sewing machine , braid 4 strand of leather to make a wrap -bracelet . 40 she scratch a letter from a letraset onto a button . we do not see exactly what it be . int . mason be car -- morning ( ms from back of car ) Grace and mason drive to work , hold hand . she lean over and put she head on he shoulder . int . group home kitchen -- morning Grace pop open a medicine container and dump various color pill into a paper cup . she fill a dixie cup with filter water from a pitcher . jessica walk in and sit on the table , read the report , as Grace prep the med . jessica do you hear about sammy ? grace ( concerned ) what ? jessica last night they take away all he doll . his therapist be call it a lesson in " let go . " grace bullshit . jessica that be all he sister 's , right ? grace ( nodd ) he 's not ready for that . int . sammy' room -- morning sammy lie awake in bed in fetal position , suck he thumb . Grace come in with he water and med . when he see she , he pull he thumb from he mouth . grace it 's time for you med , sammy . he do not move and she know why . she set the med down and sit next to he . grace ( cont 'd ) I be sorry bud . she put she hand on he shoulder , but he do not move . 41 int . group home office -- moment later grace jayden , med . grace ( cont 'd ) how would you sleep ? Grace hand she the med . jayden ( apathetic ) like crap . she receive she med and water and downs they like she 's do it a thousand time . jayden ( cont 'd ) can you tell the doctor I need a higher dosage of trazodone . she hand back the empty cup . grace mmhmm , I will tell he . Grace hand she a gift bag . grace ( cont 'd ) happy birthday . she hand she a cupcake . grace ( cont 'd ) and it come with this . mason make it . jayden thanks . grace I hear you dad 's pick you up . jayden yup . grace you excited ? she shrug . jayden whatever . jayden turn and walk away . Grace watch she for a moment . 42 int . jayden' room -- afternoon jayden look at herself in the bathroom mirror , add a touch of make - up ( this take place in girl 's b-room ) . she put on she shoe , lace they up , and make sure she jeans fit over they nicely . she open the gift that Grace give she and find a home - make bracelet with a button that have a '' J '' on it . she put it on , add it to she collection . she throw some clothes into she backpack and fit in she sketch pad . she zip it up and sit on the bed , wait . we see she from outside the room , stare at the floor . CUT to : jayden lie down , stare at the ceiling . jayden get up quickly , snatch she backpack and walk out into the lounge . ( camera follow she out ) jessica ( 0.s. ) bye shawnta ! int . group home lounge -- day jayden walk to a empty couch on the far wall and sit down , backpack at she foot . she see shawnta stand at the doorway with she backpack on , get pick up by she smile aunt and uncle ( a black family ) . thom be also get pick up by he uncle . Grace be at the door with they , say goodbye . then she look over at jayden , sit sadly on the couch with she headphone on . CUT to : ext . group home lounge -- later jessica stick she head out the door as mason walk back from the office . mason give she a big shrug . the yard be empty , no sign of she dad . int . group home lounge -- day a few of the kid be watch tv with nate . jessica walk into the lounge and shake she head at Grace , who 's braid a girl 's hair . 43 Grace let out a sigh and look over at jayden . jayden sit in the same place , listen to she music . she look down at she hand . she press she thumbnail into she skin , carefully , with purpose , create line that begin to form a word . jayden finish the carve in she skin . one last line . this time , she dig she thumbnail so deep she draw blood . she pull away and look at she creation : why . the y be bleed . she take one more look outside , then suddenly stand and streamline to she room , slamming the door behind she . all the staff react to it . grace damn it . Grace head toward the commotion with mason and nate in tow . grace ( cont 'd ) will you watch the kid ? jessica sure . grace nate . int . girl hallway -- continuous Grace knock on the door and then push slowly . she feel resistance . grace jayden , come on . you know you can not keep the door close . ( beat ) stop push on the door . Grace inch open the door enough to talk to she . grace ( cont 'd ) hey , jade , I be really sorry about you dad . nate ( quietly ) why can not she close the door ? mason she 's a cutter . 44 jayden ( 0.s. ) I can fuck hear you dick ! maybe I will cut myself right now and you will all lose you fuck job . grace come on jade ... jayden ( 0.s. ) do not call I fuck jade you bitch ! she slam the door shut again . grace jayden , come on . please just open the door . if you just open the door then we will not bother you anymore . she do not respond . grace ( cont 'd ) if you be not go to open the door , we be go to have to force it . Grace motion for mason and nate to start push . they all slowly force the door open , inch at a time . mason wow jayden , you be pretty strong . whoosh ! the door fly open . Grace fall in , only to be greet by jayden 's fist in full swing . she take the first one square in the face . bang ! Color splatter across Grace 's face as she slam into the wall . jayden come after she , but mason grab she in time . jayden aaahhh !! get the fuck out of my room you fuck bitch ! mason grab she right arm ! nate struggle to grab the other arm . he finally get it . mason ( cont 'd ) okay , against the wall ! they quickly back up to the wall in the hallway . mason ( cont ’d ) one , two , three down ! jayden do not fuck touch I !!! 45 they slide themselves and the fight girl to the floor . they each pin she leg down with they own until she be virtually immobile , except for she vocal chord . jayden ( cont 'd ) fuck yoooooo00000000uu! ! ! ! Grace touch she face and realize she hit she with the cupcake . she pull off the paper cup , which be still stick to she face . int . group home hallway -- continuous Marcus step out of he room and look down the hall . int . group home lounge -- continuous the rest of the kid be play video game on the couch . one kid stand up to take a look . jessica Luis ! sit down ! int . jayden' room -- continuous jayden aaaaaaah !! you be fuck squishing I fat ass ! mason reposition himself . mason sorry , how 's that ? jayden let I go !!! jayden get one foot loose and try to kick she way out . Grace grab she foot . mason you should not be here , Grace . jayden what 's wrong mason ? can not hold my foot yourself you weak ass fuck ! you need the bitch to do it for you ! mason hold she good nate . jayden yeah hold I good nate . jayden spit hard on nate 's face . nate oh...cool . 46 mason ( calmly ) sorry man . jayden catch she breath and begin to cry . grace it 's go to be okay jayden . it 's go to be okay . jayden I fuck hate you . grace that 's fine , you do not have to like I right now . just let it pass . mason how you do nate ? nate not so good . jayden continue to cry . grace you be do good . do really good . Grace take a deep breath and exchange a look with mason . mason Grace . how 's my cupcake ? Grace shake she head . int . group home lounge -- day something else be play on tv . nate walk up to jessica at the door . jessica how be she ? nate she 's in the cool - down room now . I need that . jessica grab a bottle of quick -dry , antibacterial hand cleaner and squirt some in he hand . he immediately rub it all over the side of he face that jayden spit on . Marcus walk over to the coffee table where the kid be play a board game . he toss a stack of color paper and pen onto the coffee table . the kid look up at he . 47 marcus everybody grab one . come on . int . cool down room -- day Grace and jayden sit against the wall in silence . a inflatable punch bag , shape like a smile beagle , bob few foot in front of they . jayden make more crease in she hand with she fingernail . Grace notice she . grace you wanna see mine ? Grace pull down she sock to reveal a ankle riddled with scar . she have jayden 's attention . jayden shit . she point to a really big scar . grace that one 's from a sneeze . I slip and cut too deep . almost cut my achille . Grace laugh at the irony . jayden look off at nothing . jayden why ? Grace shrug , look at the scar , remember each one . grace when my mom die , I have to live with my dad ... and ... ( beat ) it 's impossible to worry about anything else when there 's blood come out of you . they sit in silence for a moment . jayden look at she wrist , play with the button of the bracelet Grace give she . Grace notice she . jayden look up to the smile beagle punch bag . she throw a soccer ball , hit it square in the head . it slam to the floor and gently float back up with a smile . jayden God , I hate that thing . grace I too . 48 through the small window in the door , we see Grace and jayden kick and punch and throw the punch bag against the wall . int . girl hallway -- day Grace exit the cdr and hold the door open for jayden . as they walk back to girl ' side , she see Marcus exite with jessica . jessica nod to Grace as they head back to the lounge . they reach jayden 's room and Grace stop at she door as she walk in . grace take as much time as you need . int . jayden' room -- day jayden walk in and see 14 hand - draw birthday card neatly laid out on she bed . Grace watch she from the door with a smile . ( cue music ) int . group home lounge -- afternoon sixteen candle burn brightly , one in each of the 16 cupcake that all the kid be hold together in front of jayden . all the kid gather around jayden , sing the last verse of happy birthday ( or chant jayden , jayden ) . they be all incredibly out of tune . everyone happy birthday to jaydeeeeeeennanana ! jayden blow out she candle and everyone clap loud enough to make she smile . when the room settles , mason look to Grace . CUT to : int . group home lounge -- afternoon the entire unit stand in a circle chant together with they hand wave in the air . mason lead they . as he chant they all clap and slap they thigh to the same rhythm . nate join in the group , very excited . this be he kind of game . mason Big booty big booty big booty . Big booty number three . 49 mason send the chant around the circle : " number three , number 6 " " number 6 , number 4 " " number 4 , big booty " " big booty , number 2 " . number two miss he turn and everyone laugh and tease he . Zero in on jayden , who catch herself laugh and have a good time . her face change , watch everything from the outside . mason start another round , get all the kid to lift they hand in the air and join in the big booty chant . jayden do not join this time . int . sammy' room -- continuous as the game continue in the lobby , Grace walk into sammy 's room with a cupcake . sammy lie in the same spot as before , stare into space . she place it on the bedside counter , run she finger through he hair before leave the room . after she leave , sammy look at the cupcake . int . group home lounge -- continuous the circle of kid be still keep a rhythm . jayden get up and walk to she room . Grace watch she . mason look to Marcus . marcus slow this down a little bit . y’all be not go no rhythm . mason tell I about it . I be try to keep they in line . it 's just , it 's hard . Marcus begin to spit out some freestyle lyric , teasing some of the staff and the people in the circle . nate be really into it , smile and bounce to the beat . when Marcus finish , nate immediately jump in , pick up where he leave off : nate I be out the gate . right my name be nate . when I come here , y’all try to playa hate . mason and jessica exchange a what - the-hell - look . all the kid erupt with hoot and laughter as nate and Marcus break out into a friendly freestyle battle . sammy peek out from the doorway to see what 's happen . 50 Luis be have a great time , momentarily forget about he riff with Marcus . the crowd go wild . suddenly , a alarm go off . Grace and mason exchange look of confusion . Grace run to the girl ' side and see the emergency door open at the far end of the hall . she run to the door . grace everyone sit down please . we have a awol ! mason race after Grace . the other kid get up to take a look . ext . group home -- late afternoon Grace burst through the door and look around frantically . she see jayden run in the distance with she backpack bounce , turn the next corner . grace jayden ! she take off after she mason Grace ! grace stay with the kid ! i'1l call you when I get she ! mason watch she run . nate come outside . mason this happen . it 's fine . ext . suburban street -- late afternoon Grace chase jayden down the sidewalk , but do not seem to be gain on she . grace jayden , can you slow down please ?! I feel like I be gonna barf ! jayden 's visibly tired , she backpack sagging on she shoulder . 51 jayden look back at she and begin to slow down . Grace do the same . jayden keep the same distance ! grace okay , okay . they slow at the same pace , and then finally stop to catch they breath . jayden you can not touch I outside the grounds . grace well , can I walk with you ? jayden walk all you want , but I be not go back there . Grace look at she , still breathe heavily . grace let 's walk then . jayden take a few more moment to cool down . then , she start to walk again . Grace follow . ext . bus stop -- late afternoon / evening they sit together at a bus stop . int . bus -- early evening they sit across from each other on the bus , neither of they talk . jayden hug she backpack on she lap . Grace wait for jayden 's lead . jayden pull the cord and get off . Grace follow . ext . jayden' dad' house -- early evening jayden walk ahead of Grace who follow patiently behind she . then , finally , jayden stop . she stand in front of a beautiful two -story house . the light be off inside . Grace stop with she . jayden walk to the side door of the garage , and Grace follow she . she reach above the door and grab a key from the frame . grace jayden , you know you be not suppose to be here . 52 jayden ignore she , open the door and go in , shutting it behind she . Grace do not follow . she take out she cell phone and dial . mason pick up . mason ( 0.s. ) what 's go on ? grace hey , we be at she dad 's house . I do not think that anyone 's here , but she go in anyway . mason ( 0.s. ) I be on my way . grace k , thanks . Grace hang up the phone . CUT to : ext . jayden' dad' house -- evening Grace sit on the front step . after a moment , the front door open and jayden come out with she backpack . she sit down next to Grace . grace he 's not here ? jayden shake she head and hide it in she arm . Grace wrap she arm around she . grace ( cont 'd ) do you wanna go back ? jayden nod . grace ( cont 'd ) okay . CUT to : int . mason 's car -- night mason grip the steering wheel , drive slow and steady . he look in the rear-view mirror . Grace sit in the seat behind he with she arm around jayden , who lean on she shoulder , stare out the window . mason and Grace smile lovingly to each other through the reflection . 53 int . jayden' room -- night jayden sit on she bed , exhaust . Grace walk in with she backpack and set it next to she . grace you okay ? jayden nod . grace ( cont 'd ) okay , I will see you tomorrow . she give jayden a side - hug and begin to leave . jayden you wanna see a story I have be work on ? Grace turn to she , a bit surprised . grace of course . CUT to : int . jayden be room -- moment later jayden open she sketchbook to the back page , where there be a homemade pocket tape to the inside cover . she pull out a fold piece of paper and open it carefully . Grace watch she , patiently . she flip back through she notebook to a page that be cover with cool illustration of underwater scene and creature , particularly shark and octopi . jayden it 's a kid ' story , so there be not any big word . grace okay . jayden begin . as she read , she point to the illustration that she want Grace to look at . she point to a small sketch of a cute little octopus . jayden once upon a time , somewhere mile and mile beneath the surface of the ocean , there live a young octopus name Nina . she point to various drawing of the octopus make funny artwork out of shell and sand . 54 jayden ( cont 'd ) Nina spend most of she time alone , make strange creation out of rock and shell . and she be very happy . ( beat ) but then , on Monday , the shark show up . she point to a draw of a shark swim up to Nina . jayden ( cont 'd ) " what 's you name ? " say the shark . Nina , " she reply . " do you want to be my friend ? " he ask . " okay , what do I have to do ? " Said Nina . " not much , " say the shark , " just let I eat one of you arm . " Grace watch jayden read . jayden ( cont 'd ) Nina have never have a friend before , so she wonder if this be what you have to do to get one . she look down at she eight arm , and decide it would not be so bad to give up one . so she donate a arm to she wonderful new friend . jayden point to a morbid draw of the shark eat one of Nina 's arm . jayden ( cont 'd ) every day that week , Nina and the shark would play together . they explore cave , build castle of sand , and swim really really fast . and every night , the shark would be hungry , and Nina would give he another one of she arm to eat . jayden point at various illustration of the octopus and the shark play together , and the shark eat she arm . jayden ( cont 'd ) on Sunday , after play all day , the shark tell Nina that he be very hungry . " I do not understand , " she say . " I have already give you six of my arm , and now you want one more ? " the shark look at she with a friendly smile and say , " I do not want one . this time I want they all . " " but why ? " Nina ask . and the shark reply , " because that 's what friend be for . " jayden point to another draw of the shark , alone . 55 jayden ( cont 'd ) when the shark finish he meal that night , he feel very sad and lonely . he miss have someone to explore cave , build castle and swim really really fast with . he miss Nina very much . so , he swim away to find another friend . jayden fold up the piece of paper and grip it in she hand . she stare down at she drawing , wait . Grace watch she for a moment before speak . grace jayden , do you dad ever hurt you ? jayden do not respond at first . but then shrug without look up . Grace watch she . grace ( cont 'd ) do he still hurt you ? jayden do not respond . she hide she face with she hand . Grace sit with she for a moment before put she arm on she back . she see tear plopping down onto the drawing of the octopus and the shark . the two sit side by side . int . group home office -- evening push in fast on Grace write a report of the day . int . group home jack office -- evening Grace drop off the copy of the report at Jack 's office . she be determine and confident . int . mason be car -- evening mason drive with Grace riding shotgun . both be dress for a party . her head be on he shoulder . Grace let out a breath . grace we can not let she go back there . mason take she hand into he and squeeze . mason that 's not go to happen . you be pretty amazing today . grace thank you . 56 they sit in silence , watch the evening pass outside the window . int . mason's parent house -- evening member of mason 's family be gather around the dinner table hold hand and sing a Spanish version of " praise God from whom all blessing Flow " . there be a variety of ethnicity present : caucasian , filipino , Black , japanese . but most of the people be hispanic . they all end with : " amen . " mason's dad , a mexican - american in he 60' , speak up . mason's dad ( in spanish ) let 's eat ! the table be fill with a plethora of food : heaps of crab , fish , seafood , shrimp cocktail , rice , salad , and some other traditional mexican dish . people grab they plate and begin to dig in , eat and laugh together like a good family should . a father make a plate for he daughter . a grandson pour a drink for he grandpa . people be laugh , teasing , have a great time together . one of the mother approach Grace , hold she one - year - old child over she shoulder . mother hey Grace , can you hold sylvia while I make a plate for the other nino ? Grace be a little nervous . grace oh , uh. sure . the mother do not wait , but plop the infant into Grace 's arm and head to the table . Grace find she foot , and look down at the baby . she play with its tiny finger . mason clink he glass with he fork and soon everyone in the room join in . mason ( spanish ) this be go to be short . I just have a couple thing to say ... ( english ) ...- and I be go to say it in English so I do not embarrass myself any more than I need to . ( to he parent ) ( more ) 57 mason ( cont 'd ) I just want to take a moment to say thank you . momma , pop . I do not think anyone here think of you as just we foster parent . I do not even know what that term mean ... ' Cause to we , you be just mar and pa . and I think I speak for everyone here when I say thank you , for take we in ... ( laugh to himself ) ..- for take I in when I be a punk kid who be scared of everything ... when I have no one else , you accept I , and show I what it 's like ... he begin to tear up a little , but push on . Grace watch he , move by every word , hold the infant close to she . mason ( cont 'd ) ..- what it 's like to be love . none of we would be here , if it be not for you . he motion to the rest of the people in the room . mason ( cont 'd ) look at this beautiful family you make ... mason take a moment to look around the room . mason ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) so let 's all lift you glass to we king and queen . ( turn to they ) happy 30th you guy . everything good in my life be because of you . everyone begin to hoot and yell as they drink from they glass and go back to they conversation . Grace smile at mason as he wipe he tear and see she and the baby from across the room . he nod and smile at the sight of she with a baby . she smile and shrug : it 's not so bad . CUT to : ext . mason's parent house -- evening Grace and mason jump in the jump castle with 4 of he little 8 - year - old cousin . the kid laugh and jump on he . he lift a little girl into the air to protect she from the boy . 58 int . mason's parent house -- evening salsa music fill the air and the dance floor explode with motion . one couple be really good , spin and dip and hopping together . mason and Grace dance together , do they own silly / crazy rendition of the salsa . they have make up some of they own move , like the tea cup tip , and the double hop . they be obviously great at be stupid and fun together . mason grab Grace and hold she close , slow they pace . they dance near he parent . mason 's mom send a friendly smile to Grace . mason get close to she ear and whisper . mason will you marry I ? Grace pull back and look at he , see how serious he be . she 's as ready as she will ever be . grace be you serious ? mason yeah . I be dead serious . she smile and nod , put she head on mason 's shoulder and let the moment seep through she pore . slomo wide - shot of the dance room . fade out : int . grace's apartment bedroom -- morning Grace and mason lie in bed in the early morning light . the phone ring ! both of they wake up . mason who the hell be call on the land line ? mason get up to answer it . int . grace's apartment kitchen -- continuous mason pick up the phone . mason hello ? after hearing who it be , mason turn he back to the bedroom and lower he voice . mason ( cont 'd ) yeah. ( beat ) ( more ) 59 mason ( cont 'd ) this be actually she fiancee , if this be about she dad , it would probably be best if you let I relay the message . mason listen intently as he 's give the information . mason ( cont ’d ) shit . he rub he head as he listen to the horrendous news . int . grace's apartment bedroom -- morning mason walk back into the bedroom and find Grace sit at the edge of the bed , face the opposite wall . she know he 's there . grace who be it ? mason um ... someone from the probation department . Grace scratch frantically at she thumb with she pointer finger , wait for mason to say the thing she dread most . mason ( cont ’d ) he say you dad 's probably go to get release next month . Grace let it sink in . she hide she face in she hand . when she take they away , she leave a streak of blood across she cheek . she look at she thumb and see it 's bleed . she touch she cheek and see the blood on she fingertip . mason climb over the bed and try to hug she from behind , but she brushes he off and leave the room . int . grace's apartment bathroom -- morning she stand in the shower , violently scrubbing she skin with a rough washcloth . she hold the cloth to she face and scream as loud as she can . ext . group home -- morning mason stand out in the yard , smoking by himself . Grace show up on she bike and he quickly put out he cigarette and walk up to she . 60 mason hey , I really think we need to talk through some of this stuff . grace not right now mason . I '1l be fine . I just need to work . she head into the office . int . group home office -- morning jessica hand Grace the clipboard . she 's eat cereal from a plastic bowl . nate stand by eat a banana . jessica hey , Marcus 's fish die last night . grace what ? jessica he think Luis have something to do with it . grace do he ? jessica shrug . Grace head out the door , determine to keep she shit together . int . luis' room -- morning we follow Grace into the room as she go straight for sleep Luis and rip the pillow out from under he . Luis wake up , slowly . Grace be in bad - ass mode . grace tell I you do not do something to Marcus 's fish . luis what ? grace Luis , tell I ! luis I do not know what you be talk about . she stare at he to see if he 's lie . he 's kind of scared of she . luis ( cont 'd ) I swear . 61 she leave as quickly as she come . int . marcus' room -- morning Grace knock and walk in . she find Marcus sit on the floor , write in he lyric journal . in front of he be he fishbowl tip over , with its content spill on the floor . grace I be really sorry Marcus . she watch he as he write . his face be dark and brood . grace ( cont 'd ) it be not Luis . Marcus shrug . marcus it do not matter . she watch he for a moment longer . marcus ( cont ’d ) I would like to be leave alone if that 's cool with you . grace okay . ( beat ) just let I know if you need anything . Grace keep a eye on he as she leave . ext . group home hallway -- morning Grace walk out of Marcus ' room . she look uneasy , like something be wrong . we move with she as she walk . she begin to pick at she bandage thumb . ext . jayden' room -- morning Grace continue to walk , the uneasiness building inside she , the bubbling fear that everything around she be out of she control . a few girl walk from the bathroom to they room with towel on they head . Grace stop at jayden 's room and look in . int . jayden be room -- continuous jayden 's room look as it usually do , except she be not there . 62 ext . jayden' room -- morning Grace be a bit confuse , look around the hall for a answer . she see spring brush she tooth in the doorway . grace have you guy see jayden ? spring shake she head . Grace walk back to the office . int . group home office -- morning we continue to follow Grace as she walk up to jessica , sit at the door . grace jess , where 's jayden ? jessica oh , she dad show up last night and take she on pass for the weekend . grace what ? Grace look at the log in front of jessica . jessica Jack sign off on it . grace be you fuck kid I ? Grace storm out of the unit , head for Jack 's office . int . group home jack office -- morning Grace blast through the door and walk straight into Jack 's office . Jack 's on the phone but Grace do not care . grace how could you let she go ? Jack realize this be serious . jack uh , Jan , let I call you right back okay ? he hang up the phone and look at she for a moment . jack ( cont ’d ) the man call , he apologize . he have a personal emergency . grace that 's not even the point , Jack . do you read my report ? jack of course I do , and I be very concerned . but when jayden 's social worker ask she about it , she say she father have never be abusive in any way . grace of course she say that , she 's fuck scared ! what the fuck do they teach you guy in grad school ? Jack 's a bit take aback by she temper . grace ( cont 'd ) Jack , in she mind , he be always right behind she , watch she , when she be sleep , she be take a shit , when she be alone with she therapist , he be right there , watch she , ready to pounce . and you just expect she to just come out and say it ? be you guy fuck stupid ?! because she be here ask for help and you just send she back to the fuck shark ! Jack be very offended by she language and temper . 63 he take off he glass and pinch the bridge of he nose and close he eye . jack I realize you be upset , Grace , but yell at I be not a effective form of communication . Grace realize she will not get to he this way . she sit down . grace okay , Jack . Jack I be sorry . please . cancel the pass until we figure this out . because I know she , and I know that thing be not good at home . jack and how do you know that ? because she read you a child 's story ? grace do not fuck with I Jack . I be on the floor every day with that kid . and last night , that girl sit next to I and she cry and she try to tell I the only way that she know how . 64 jack Grace , you be a line staff . it 's not you job to interpret tear . that 's what we train therapist be here for . grace then you train therapist do not know shit ! jack do she tell you that she be be abuse by she father ? grace she do not have to ! jack if I be gonna take that child away from she biological parent , yes , she do . grace this be bullshit . jack Grace , I have be work with this kid for longer than you have be alive , and there 's not one of they that I would not die for . I look into that break eye , I want to find the asshole who do that to they and beat the shit out of he . but although I feel that way every single day , I know I can not track down everyone who 's hurt they . I know I can not heal all they wound . and I can not start accuse all they parent of be sexual offender . Grace hold back she temper . grace especially when they friend of friend , right Jack ? Jack look at she , seriously . jack we be finish here , Grace . Jack pick up the phone , dial , and swivel he chair so he back be to Grace . Grace stare at he for a moment , then look at the big , ugly , yellow lamp on he desk . 65 jack ( cont 'd ) hey Jan - she grab the lamp and walk out of the room . the electric cord pop from the outlet and drag behind she . ext . group home , cottage -- continuous we follow she out the front door of the main office , out into the parking lot , where she lift the lamp over she head and hurl it down onto the pavement , shatter it into a thousand piece . hold on wide shot for a moment . int . group home lounge -- afternoon nate vacuum the couch , fluffing the pillow , suck up all the dust . he grab one of the main pillow and flip it over . he stop . see something . look around to see if someone be watch . then reach for it . int . sammy' room -- afternoon nate walk into sammy 's room , take one more peek over he shoulder . he walk up to sammy , who be lie in he bed , act like he 's sleep . he place one of sammy 's doll on the bed next to he . sammy slowly open he eye , look at the doll , look at nate . nate smile , get up and walk out , look back in time to see : sammy slowly wrap he hand around the doll and bring she close to he , hold it like he little sister . int . group home hallway -- afternoon Grace unlock the back door and enter , sneakily , swooshing the smoke back outside and airing out she clothes a bit . she walk over to Marcus 's room . his door be close , rap music blaring from inside . she open the door and walk in . int . marcus' room -- continuous the music surround she like a rush of wind . the room be empty , except for he fishbowl , now shattered in piece in the middle of the floor . she leave the room , search for Marcus . 66 int . group home hallway -- continuous she exit the room . look back toward the cool down room . down the hall . grace Marcus ? peek into sammy 's room , then another ... nothing . grace ( cont 'd ) Marcus ? then , she see he , sit on the floor just inside Luis 's room . grace ( cont 'd ) Marcus , what be you do in Luis 's room ? Marcus do not respond , but just stare blankly at nothing . and then Grace see the large shard of glass in he hand , and the blood cover he finger . grace ( cont 'd ) oh god. she drop to he level and pull the glass from he finger . Marcus stare off , hold in the tear . Grace react , move quickly into the room . and then she see Luis , lie face down on the bed , not move . grace ( cont 'd ) Luis ! Grace run up to he . grace ( cont 'd ) Luis ! she shake he . Luis turn over and look at she . he take out one of he ear phone . luis what ? as Grace put the piece together , she hear a thump . she look back to Marcus , who be now lie on the floor with a streak of blood across the door behind he . she rush to he . grace no. shit ! 67 Grace kneel next to Marcus and turn over he arm to reveal the fresh cut down he wrist . grace ( cont 'd ) shit! mason ! somebody ! anybody ! come ! help I !! she look back to Luis , who look really scared . grace ( cont 'd ) Luis ! Luis , I need you pillow case right now ! give it to I ! Luis rip off he pillow case and toss it to she . grace ( cont 'd ) quicker please . Grace wrap the pillow case around Marcus 's arm . grace ( cont ’d ) Marcus , Marcus ! Marcus , please look at I . Marcus , look at I . you be gonna to be okay . I just need you to look at I . Marcus , look at I . Grace panic . grace ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be take so long ?!! ext . group home -- night the group home sit silently in the moonlight . int . group home lounge -- night the kid be in the lounge play a board game with jessica guard the door . Luis sit on the couch watch tv , still shake from the incident . int . group home hallway -- night nate be on all four in the empty hallway , wiping Marcus 's blood from the door . he stop , suddenly , unable to go on . int . hospital waiting room -- night Grace sit in the wait room along with a few other injure and sick people . Grace be completely drain . her hair be frazzle and she have Marcus 's blood on she shirt . she stare off at nothing . a nurse walk by but do not say anything . mason walk up and sit down after talk to a nurse . mason they still do not know anything . 68 he rub he head . Grace frantically pick at she bandage thumb again . she nervously bounce she foot on the ground . she put she head down for a moment , then quickly stand to she foot . grace I can not do this . she walk out of the room . mason Grace . mason follow she out . ext . hospital parking lot -- night Grace walk out to the parking lot and begin to unlock she bike from around the street lamp . mason hey , Grace , where be you go ? grace I can not do this . mason finally reach she . mason okay , let 's go . I x11 drive we home . he try to hug she but she shrug he off and push he away . the gesture humiliate he . grace I do not want to go home . that 's not what I be talk about . mason I know it 's be a really fuck up day , okay ? grace mason , you have no idea what I be go through right now . mason then tell I . that 's how this work . talk to I about it so that I can take you hand and fuck walk through this shit with you . that be what I sign up for , okay ? but I can not do that if you will not let I in . Grace shake she head . 69 grace I can not . I be sorry . mason ( beat ) you be sorry ? ( beat ) Grace , be you serious ? ( beat ) I have be wait for you for a really long time , and I would not take a second of it back , because I love you so god damn much , okay ? but I have be wait for three year for you to tell I why you still do not trust I . I have be wait for you for three year for you to just once take the advice that you give you kid every fuck five minute and learn to talk about what 's go on inside you head . you can not do that for I ? Grace shake she head . mason ( cont 'd ) whatever it be , okay ? just talk to I . grace I can not do this . he watch she shift she weight , avoid eye contact . grace ( cont 'd ) I can not ... I can not marry you . mason stare at she for a moment , look for something recognizable , but she just look away . grace ( cont 'd ) I can not have you baby . I can not do any of it . I can not do it . mason so what do you want to do ? you want to get a abortion ? grace I already make the appointment . the statement sober he . he realize this time it 's for real . mason do whatever you want , okay ? because I be do . 70 he turn and walk back to the hospital . Grace watch he go , the panic bubbling up inside she . ext . CITY street -- night Grace fly down the road , peddle as fast as she can . a deep rage bubbles inside she . ext . jayden' dad' house -- night Grace throw she bike in the front lawn and walk quickly toward the house . a beautiful silver audi sit in the driveway . all the light be off inside the house . she walk straight to the garage door , reach up and grab the key from above the door . her hand be shaking . she ignore it , open the door and walk in . int . jayden' dad' house , garage -- night she walk through the garage , trip over a bucket of sport equipment with a bang . tennis racket , ball , and a old baseball bat scatter across the floor . she stall for a moment , stare at the metal bat , then instinctively grab it and walk into the house . int . jayden' dad' house -- night Grace walk carefully down the hall to the back room , she finger quivering . on the wall be a happy picture of mom , dad and jayden . she reach the door , listen for a moment , then carefully open it and step inside . int . jayden' dad' house bedroom -- night as she slip into the room , Grace get she first view of he , jayden 's dad . he sleep on he back , chin to the ceiling , mouth wide open , breathe loudly on the other side of the bed . Grace nervously grip she bat and walk around the bed to he side , slow and quiet . she stand over he , look down at he open mouth . her grip tighten around the bat . her breathe quicken as she position the silver bat over he open mouth . his hot breath fog the shiny surface . she slowly raise it over she head , keep she eye focus on she target . her hand shake with adrenaline . 71 she stand there motionless for a long moment , muscle twitching , sweat fall from she chin to the floor . she squeeze down on the handle , shift she foot , and take one last look at he face . her body tense . jayden ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? Grace look up and see jayden stand in the doorway look at she . they stare at each other for a moment . jayden ( cont 'd ) that 's a little extreme , do not you think ? jayden turn and walk down the hall . Grace stand awkwardly , realize how stupid this idea be . int . jayden' dad' house -- moment later still hold the bat , Grace walk out of the bedroom and out to the live room . ext . jayden' dad' house -- later jayden and Grace sit together on the porch , like they have be there for a while . Grace think about it , wince at the think of what she almost do . jayden be you go crazy ? grace probably . she start to scratch she bandage thumb , but stop herself with she other hand . they sit in silence for a long moment . grace ( cont 'd ) when I be you age . she think about it for a while . grace ( cont 'd ) I stand in a courtroom in front of a_ bunch of stranger and tell they all the way he abuse I ... what he hit I with , how he get drunk , how he force I to take a shower with he , get I pregnant , and I send he to prison . ( more ) 72 grace ( cont 'd ) I do not talk about it , do not think about it ... until I meet you ... I do not know ... ( beat ) I have a baby inside I and I do not know , I do not know what I be do . Grace shake she head . jayden look at she a little differently . this be a break human be , just like she . grace ( cont 'd ) I be just try to help you . jayden continue to look at Grace . maybe she can trust she . then , she lift up she shirt to reveal the fresh wound across she lower back , swollen red stripe , bruise and slightly bleed . grace ( cont 'd ) oh no . jayden he love the belt , such a cliche . grace jayden , we have to do something about this . jayden should we go bash he face in with a baseball bat while he 's sleep ? Grace get the point . the question sober she . jayden look back down . CUT to : jayden point to she bat . Grace hand it to she . jayden take the bat and walk over to she dad 's pristine silver audi . Grace watch she wind up and swing , shatter the driver 's side window . she swing again and break the back window . then she turn and hold the bat out to Grace . grace we should get out of here . jayden he will sleep through anything . Grace look at the bat for a moment before take it from jayden . 73 she step up onto the hood of the car , hold it above she head and bring it down on the windshield with a smash . she hit it again , smash ! and again smash ! smash ! smash ! letting out all of she frustration until the entire thing be demolish . she stand there as the bounce cube of glass settle on the pavement . a dog bark across the street . jayden notice . grace okay , now we should get out of here . ext . CITY street -- night Grace pack jayden on she bicycle as they cruise gently down the street . jayden hug she from behind . ext . group home , cottage -- night Grace and jayden ride to the gate and stop . jayden hop off as Grace park the bike . grace they be go to ask a lot of question . it 's gonna be hard . jayden I will try to leave out the part about you break into my house with a baseball bat . they share a smile . grace thanks . jayden you be gonna be a really good mom . jayden turn and walk into the facility , leave Grace with that think . int . group home jack office -- night jayden sit in the office with Jack and a female social worker , tell they the whole story . jayden I tell he this be go to be the last time I come home . I be not go to take he shit anymore . that set he off , of course . but I do not care ... 74 Grace watch they from the doorway . Jack notice she and give she a know nod . she acknowledge he and walk off . ext . CITY street -- night Grace ride home , light as a feather . she coast down a long , steep hill . int . grace's apartment -- night Grace walk in and see mason sleep on the couch . she walk over to he and kneel down . she see he 's not sleep . grace I be sorry . I do not mean what I say earlier . I be just really mess up right now . mason look at she for a moment , wonder . then he lift up he blanket to make room for she . she slide in beside he . mason Marcus be go to get better . Grace nestle in a little closer . grace I think I be too . they lie together on the couch , content in each other 's arm . fade out : int . therapist's office -- morning Grace sit in a soft chair . she look up at the therapist . dr . hendler , a kind , older woman with a soft voice give she a moment before hit she with the next one . dr . hendler Grace , I know talk like this be really hard , but this be we fourth session together and I would really like you to try , okay ? Close - up of Grace 's hand , with she draw of a sea horse . she wiggle its tail . grace I do not really know what to say . dr . hendler you dad 's get out of prison in a week . do you wanna talk about that ? 75 Grace take a moment . grace okay . int . mason be car -- morning mason and Grace drive together in he car . int . waiting room -- morning mason and Grace sit in a wait room together , similar to the one at the women' care clinic . mason be you okay ? Grace nod . int . examination room -- morning Grace lie on the examination bed with a gown on . mason stand behind she , hold she shoulder . they watch the doctor as he go through the step of the procedure like he 's do it a thousand time . doctor watch that monitor over my shoulder . there we go . there it be . stay with it . hang on a second . the doctor aim the monitor so they can see . he move the ultrasound camera around on she belly to give they a better view of they child . doctor ( cont 'd ) there 's the heartbeat . the monitor show a tiny be , with a flicker heart . Grace and mason stare at it in awe . Grace look at mason with a smile . she grab he hand and squeeze . int . group home -- morning various shot . Music continue . various shot , various room a static shot of the " cool down room . " the toy punch bag be deflate and sagging . Luis lie in bed throw a whiffleball against the wall . jayden pull down the penis diagram and carefully tape she birthday card up in they place . 76 sammy stand in he underwear and carefully take down he american flag . ext . group home , cottage -- morning Grace and mason stand in a circle with nate . mason and Grace be drink coffee . jessica approach and hand Grace the binder as mason tell a story . mason so , you need to get ready for this ' cause it 's so fuck unbelievable it 's go to seem fake , but I promise you it 's not . Grace will vouch for I . grace it depend , if you tell it right . mason there be no way not to tell this right , it 's a storyteller 's wet dream . Grace spin she hand in a circle , tell he to get on with it . jessica come outside . jessica what ? grace get ready for this . mason okay , just in time . I be gonna start at the beginning , okay . so , three year ago , right , we have this girl here name , liza Green , she 's 17 , older than everybody else in the unit at the time , and I do not mean this in a pervy way or anything , but she 's real pretty . mason look to Grace for assurance . grace she be gorgeous . mason all the guy on the unit want she but she will not give any of ‘em the time of day ' cause she be busy , she be always study . grace she be very smart . 77 mason really smart . so , two week before she turn 18 and leave , we get this new intake . this 15 - year- old guy , he 's really tough , really quiet , but he 's cool , he 's just kind of like kick back and check out the scene . and I swear I do not hear he say a word the whole first week he be here . but then one day , we be do a community meeting , and we ask for announcement , and this guy raise he hand . and he look directly at liza Green and he say , " I know you do not know I and I just get here , but I just wanna say that I have be watch you and I think you be the most interesting thing about this place . and I be really sad I be not go to get to know you before you leave . I just want to tell you that . " mason motion to Grace to confirm he quote . nate what a pimp . what do she say ? mason nothing . nothing , it get so fuck awkward I could not stand it , and then she leave and never talk to he , and the kid tease he for like a year about it . nate ah , that blow . mason Nah , he do not give a shit . do not even phase he . like he know something everybody else do not . nate who be this guy ? mason that be Marcus . jessica what ! I never hear this story . grace oh , wait . it get so much better . 78 mason yeah , yeah . so check this out . Grace and I be get coffee at ronnie 's this morning , and we walk in , and who do we see sittin ' there alone at a table , Marcus . jessica how 's he do ? mason he look great . grace he 's so good . mason button - up shirt , he be sip on a cappuccino . nate Marcus drink cappuccino ? grace apparently now he do . Grace nod . mason so we be talk to he and we be catch up and he 's tell we about he new job at the aquarium and how much he take home in tip and how he 's gonna start apply for class next semester and it 's weird ' cause I be like , I have not hear Marcus talk this much ever since I meet he . like what be the deal ? be he excited to see we ? be he nervous about something ? and that 's when I notice there 's another cappuccino on the table and a empty chair next to he . they're all glue to mason 's every word . mason ( cont ’d ) and then , just like in the fuck movie , the bathroom door fling open and out walk liza Green ! everyone be smile to the point of tear . nate they be on a date ? grace it be like they 5th one . 79 mason yeah , and as soon as she sit down , dude just go beat red , so embarrassed . grace ( to jessica ) it be so cute . mason it be so fuck cute I almost piss my pants . grace oh jess , they look so happy together . mason so happy . and there she be - boom ! the door from the unit fly open and sammy come run out in he underwear , hold he big american flag over he head , scream at the top of he lung . sammy yoooohooooooon ! !!! grace here we go . Grace take off after he . mason , jessica , and nate try to keep up . Grace lead , hair blow as she run , gain speed with every step . as she do , the sound of the wind grow louder , rush past she ear , slowly drown out all other sound until all she can hear be the wind against she face . fade to black