the Devil and Daniel webster [ a.k.a. " all that money can buy " ] the hill farm of jabez Stone , in New Hampshire , some mile from the village of Cross corner , around 1840 . it be a poor farm , stony and stingy with its favor . the house be small , simple , bare . a wide view of the jabez stone farm on a Sunday morning fade in , and it be see squatting down under the muddy , showery sky of a cold New Hampshire spring . the grip of winter be break -- the ground run with water . the air be still cold but the sun be warm at noon . it 's a cold spring , but liveness have begin to come back to the earth . it be not depress weather -- exciting rather -- for after month of snow and ice , there be go to be warmth and light , though not quite yet . but they be in the air -- on the way . over this scene come the sound of distant church bell , ringing faintly from the village of Cross corner , and jabez Stone , a husky young farmer in he late twenty , get a rather discourage - look horse hitched to a rattle - trap buggy . jabez Mary ! ma ! all ready ? first bell 's a-ring . ma Stone , a brisk old woman , jabez 's mother , bustles to the door , which stand open . she wear she best sunday-go- to-meet clothes and be adjust she bonnet , tie the string under she chin with nervous finger . ma stone yes , we be all ready . Mary 's just come down . she come out on the porch . she have a tart tongue and know how to use it , but when she talk to she son or she daughter - in - law , there be affection under the tartness . ma stone ( help he into he coat ) now , son . cheer up . we be all healthy . we have still get meal in the barrel . and look at that sky ... ( point out ) ... big crack in it like it be ice on the mill pond crack up to show it 's spring a-coming . if that be not enough for a god-fear New Hampshire family , I want to know . and ma Stone climb up to the seat of the buggy , jabez on she side to help she . now Mary appear at the door , also dress for church . she be four or five year young than jabez , small , appeal , with rather fine feature . she look more fragile than she be . it be obvious that she and jabez be very much in love . mary ( see the pool of mud in she way , stop and call ) jabez -- help ! jabez come . he rush from the buggy to help . the dog , Shep , a rag shepherd , appear from below the hill , run with a stick in he mouth . he jump up against jabez 's leg , wiping he mud-cake paw on he . jabez down , Shep ! down ! mary he only want you to throw the stick for he , jabez . I guess he 's feel the spring a-coming , too . jabez all right -- only he need not dirty my pants ! he wrest the stick away from Shep and throw it far off with a mighty swing . Shep run after it , bark excitedly . Mary , stand on the edge of the porch , follow the soar stick with she eye . mary ( speak with pride ) you throw mighty far , jabez -- almost into the pigsty . ma stone ( from the buggy ) Mary -- jabez -- mary come , ma. jabez ( as he sweep Mary up in he arm , carry she to the buggy ) what be that smile on you face ? ( glance down at he clothes ) be there anything wrong with I ? mary now , jabez ! I have get on my Sunday bonnet and I be go to church with my husband . almost the first time since the beginning of winter -- and if that be not a occasion , I do not know what be . jabez you be right , Mary . ma stone I hope we will not be too late -- she shift she position so that Mary can get in too . the bark of Shep be hear , and then suddenly the squealing of a pig . jabez now , what the dicken -- and we see Shep on the slope coming from the barn , bark excitedly and chase after a small pig that he bark have scared into a panic . thereupon , at the stone house , jabez stand up in the buggy . jabez ( yell ) look at that consarn dog ! Shep ! stop it ! Shep ! jabez leap down from the buggy and head for the bush , chase the pig . Shep run after he , bark furiously , only make matter worse . and on the slope cutting down to the gully there unfold a wild scene of jabez try to catch the slippery pig . both man and pig slip through the mud and fall . once , jabez almost catch the pig ; grab frantically for its hind leg , but the pig manage to break away . finally , the pig slip over some rock in the gully and fall , hurt its leg . jabez succeed in cornere it , help by Shep who round it up as he would a sheep , and jabez carry the pig back toward the house , he clothes now a sight with mud and wet . at the stone house : ma stone well , I guess we will not be go to church today . mary I guess we will not . jabez emerge from the gully with the pig , still squealing , in he arm . he come up panting , the muddy dog follow he , look quite triumphant and not at all guilty . Mary be near . jabez come up to she and they stand for a moment look at each other . jabez ( as the pig squeal ) quiet , Mr. porker ! ( laugh , as he struggle to hold it ) he 's worse than a grease pig at the county fair ! they walk into the house as the rain start . the kitchen : it be the large room in the house and very much the pleasantest . there be a big fireplace with fire in it , crane , pot-hook , etc . all of the cooking be do here . a clock , with a tinny strike effect , hang on the wall . jabez and Mary enter . ma follow . jabez ( look over the pig ) I think he leg be break . mary ( take he wet trousers , hang they near the fire , and cover he knee with a blanket ) oh , jabez . jabez ( shaking he head ) yep . he be fitting a crude splint to the pig 's wounded leg , help by Mary , who hold the splint while jabez wrap it tightly with some rag tear from a old shirt . the pig do not like this a bit , and often protest loudly , in the shrill guttural of pig . jabez I remember dad use to say sometimes , when they be hand out hard luck , the farmer get there first . mary jabez , do not you remember you own wedding ? we say it 's for better or worse . we say it 's for richer or poorer . jabez that 's what we say . ma stone ( have take the Bible and start lead ) " there be a man in the land of uz whose name be job ; and that man be perfect and upright , and one that fear God and eschewe evil . " jabez ( as the pig heave and almost break away ) consarn the consarn -- ma stone jabez ! what kind of talk be that for the sabbath ? and I a-read the holy word ! jabez sorry , ma -- but this consar - - this little pig -- he will not let I fix he -- mary ( smile ) he 's stubborn as a Stone . jabez hold the splint tighter -- it 's almost do . ( as Mary hold the splint tighter ) go on read , ma . this man , job , he have trouble , do not he ? ma stone you know that , son . jabez ( nodd ) hard luck -- like I . ma stone ( severely ) now , jabez Stone -- as for what you be call hard luck -- well , we make New England out of it . that and codfish . jabez that 's right , ma -- we be not lick yet . a Stone 's never lick till he 's dead -- that 's what dad use to say , do not he , ma ? ma Stone nod silently . jabez ( finish with the pig ) there ! guess that ought to hold good . put he down here , by the fire , Mary . ( move forward a empty woodbox ) but we do not want to get he too close -- we will have roast pork for supper . ma stone ( with a smile ) not on the sabbath you will not , jabez ! mary give I the book , ma ! I be go to read we something comforting . ma hand she the book , and Mary plump it down on she knee with spirit ; turn the page ; then remember and look up at ma Stone . mary that be -- if you do not mind change the lesson , ma . ma stone land sake , I do not mind . I never do hold much with job , even if he be scripture . he take on too much to suit I . I do not want to malign the man , but he always sound to I as if he come from Massachusetts . yes , Mary , you go ahead and read . as Mary be about to read , there be a dash of rain on the window , and Shep be hear bark from outside . holding the blanket around he , jabez rise and go to the window . jabez well , I will be -- there 's a rig , turn in , by the gate . mary ( rise and go quickly to the window ) who be it ? jabez it 's Tom sharp and two other feller -- oh , glory -- where 's my pants ? he make a wild scramble for they , grab they up from a chair near the fire . the woman , in the way of all woman , be rush about , fix up the kitchen . Shep be hear bark , outside . outside , a buggy have drive up in the teeming rain and two farmer , they clothes drench , be climb down , while a third farmer remain in the driver 's seat , reining in the horse . the man run for the shelter of the porch , bark at by the dog , who have be curl up by the kitchen door . they reach the door and knock ; one pat the dog and quiet he . jabez , pull up he brace , open the door . tom sharp afternoon , Mary . mary afternoon , tom. come in . Tom sharp start to come in slowly , follow by he friend . ma stone there 's a mat there to wipe you foot on . tom sharp thanks , mar 'am . howdy , jabez . jabez howdy , Tom . he wipe he foot vigorously . so do he companion . tom sharp ( introduce the second farmer ) this be Van brook -- he 's Massachusetts . thereupon ma Stone look at he with redouble suspicion . and now the third farmer , the one drive the buggy , stand at the door , stamp he wet foot . tom sharp this be eli higgins -- vermont . ma stone there 's a mat there to wipe you foot on . third farmer thanks , mar 'am . he enter . each farmer duck awkwardly as introduce and mutter , " afternoon , mar 'am , " to Mary and ma Stone . they come over and hold they hand out to the blaze that Mary poke up . jabez come on close to the fire -- set down . they sit . van brooks ( who be nearest to the wood - box ) Little pig hurt himself ? jabez yep . the woman busy themselves at the cupboard over in one corner , opposite side of the fireplace . the man make themselves comfortable by the fire , as jabez add a few log of wood and again poke up the coal , but they do not smoke . eli higgins get he pipe out and be about to fill it . ma stone we do not smoke on sabbath in New Hampshire . eli higgins sorry , mar 'am , I forget . ( and he put the pipe away . ) jabez ( to eli higgins ) how 's the year be in you part of the country ? eli higgins have a good stand of corn -- come up right nice . then we get a hailstorm -- in June . hailstone so mighty chicken sit on them think they be egg . make you wonder sometimes what Providence be think about . van brooks we get a snowstorm in August . mary in August ? van brooks yes , and it be so cold -- a man get catch in it -- froze he solid , all except he heart . that be freeze already . tom sharp loan shark -- hey ? jabez too bad it do not happen to miser Stevens . tom sharp be you one of old Stevens ' customer too ? jabez sure be . tom sharp yes , it 's the debt and the lien and the mortgage that eat up the farmer ! he stretch out he thin leg ; use a splinter of wood for a toothpick , pull from a log near the fire . eli higgins City folk , they can go bankrupt -- a farmer , he can not crawl easy . van brooks law ought to be change , somehow . tom sharp yes ! we farmer ought to put through some of we own law at regular meeting -- have a sort of grange as they call it in vermont . van brooks that 's why the three of we meet up together , neighbor Stone . we be american citizen -- we have get a right to get ourselves organize like city folk . tom sharp what do you say ? sound reasonable to you ? jabez ( pull he chin ) sure do . but I will have to sleep on it a couple of night . tom sharp that 's fair enough , jabez . man 's get a right to mull thing over . we will drive round again , week or so . they get up . jabez I be just thinkin ' -- now they might not like the idea down in Washington . tom sharp why not ! there 's a bill up in Congress to give we a uniform law of bankruptcy . Daniel webster be fight for it right now -- jabez Black Da nol ? van brooks yep -- the biggest man in the whole U.S. -- Senator from Massachusetts -- and surely we next president . jabez he be bear and raise at Franklin -- right across the valley -- Mary be from there , too . mary ( leaping in -- flushed with excitement ) he give my father advice , many time -- about crop and politics -- and it be always right . tom sharp I have hear people talk a lot about he farm at marshfield . he 's up at five there every morning . he be not one of we gentleman farmer . he know all the way of the land . eli higgins they say , when he go out to fish , the trout jump out of the stream and right into he pocket , because they know it 's no use argue . jabez why , they say that when he speak , star and stripe come right out in the sky .... the scene dissolves into webster' study at night . Daniel webster be seat at he desk write a speech . a table lamp light he face , leave the rest of the room in darkness . on the wall behind he we see the shadow of scratch . voice of scratch listen , Black Da nol , you be waste you time write speech like that . why worry about the people and they problem ? start think of you own . you want to be president of this country , do not you -- and you ought to be -- ( continue dreamily ) -- inauguration Day parade -- band play -- horse prancing , the sun shine on the star and stripe wave in the breeze -- crowd cheer Daniel webster , President of the United States of America .... ( more briskly ) do not be a fool . stop bother with that speech and get busy promote yourself instead of the people . webster at this point grab the inkwell and throw it at the shadow on the wall . the shadow disappear , and webster turn back look over he speech . then the speech in webster' handwriting appear on the screen . " I would say to every man who follow he own plough , and to every mechanic , artisan , and laborer in every city in the country -- I would say to every man , everywhere , who wish by honest mean to gain a honest live , ' beware of wolf in sheep 's clothing ' ! " this dissolves to a series of view , montage shot , of a group in a village square : of man and woman , farmer type , read a copy of webster 's speech , head " webster plead for farm rights in bankruptcy Bill . " farmer ( read ) " the insolvent farmer cannot even come to the seat of they government to present they case to Congress -- so great be they fear that some creditor will arrest they in some intervene state -- " this dissolves to a field , revealing a farmer read from the same speech , with he wife and son . it be day . farmer ( read ) " we talk much and talk warmly of political liberty , but who can enjoy political liberty if he be deprive permanently of personal liberty ? to that unfortunate individual doom to the everlast bondage of debt , what be it that we have free institution of government ? " this dissolves to the jabez stone kitchen in the afternoon , revealing jabez , dress to go to town , seat by the small table , glance over Daniel webster 's speech copy in the " Cross corner gazette . " the sheriff be look over jabez 's shoulder . on the other side of the table be Mary . on the table be the crack teapot in which they have hoard they small savings . Mary be count the money . jabez ( read from the paper -- webster 's speech ) " ... and if the final vote shall leave thousand of we fellow citizen and they family in hopeless distress , can we -- member of the government -- go to we bed with a clear conscience , can we , without self - reproach , supplicate the almighty mercy to forgive we we debt as we forgive we debtor ? mary that 's wonderful language . it would move a stone . jabez if it would only move old miser Stevens -- we have still get to pay he . sheriff yep -- you can not get around that mortgage . -- I be sorry , jabez . jabez it 's all right , sheriff . sheriff wish I could really do something for you . but you know Stevens . he will throw you off you farm tomorrow if you do not pay he tonight . jabez let he try it . sheriff the law be the law . good-bye , Mary . mary Goodbye , sheriff . the sheriff leave . jabez well -- what be we go to do ? mary we can still use my butter money . jabez you butter money ? mary do you think I be grudge it ? jabez Mary -- it 's go . mary not all of it ? jabez yes -- I have to pay the vet in full . he just would not have treat the horse this time . after all , we can not very well do without a horse . mary it 's all right , jabez . we will find something to pay Stevens . jabez if the pig have not break he leg , we could have take he . mary jabez ! could not you take a sack of seed instead ? jabez ( bitterly ) to save we work on the spring plow ? mary you always say , the field uphill need a rest , but if you think -- jabez Mary , I be a farmer -- always will be . to I seed be not a thing to pay debt with , it 's alive , more alive than anything -- but I guess you be right . we just get to do it . oh -- how 's it all go to end ? mary jabez -- you ought to talk to Tom about join the grange . jabez I will , Mary -- always think a man could be stronger alone -- seem I have be wrong about that . ma Stone call from outside . ma stone's voice jabez ! you will be late ! jabez ( call ) all right , ma -- he gather up the wear bill and put they in the inside pocket of he coat . mary just a minute . she run for the stair that lead to the bedroom . the side porch of the kitchen : the wagon stand , already hitched , by the side door . a fine , white - face calf , at the long - legge skittery stage , be be hold by ma Stone by a piece of rope around its neck . it be extremely nervous , anticipate a drastic change , and jump about a good deal , tug at the rope . as jabez come out from the house , ma Stone be jerk at the rope , try to make the calf quiet down . jabez how would you know to have the calf ready , ma ? ma stone I just figgered -- know you do not have enough bill . jabez yes -- and you figgered right , consarn it ! ma stone ( disapprovingly ) that 's a word you be too free with lately , jabez , consarn this and consarn that ... jabez help sometimes to say it . ma stone ( with understanding ) all right , son -- if it help . Mary come out of the house . she hold a scarf in she hand . mary ( as she see the calf ) jabez ! jabez seed alone will not do , Mary . we have to throw the calf in . mary ( very much disappointed ) oh jabez ! and we be count on ... ( stop ) it 's a lovely calf . jabez ( still glum ) you be right , Mary it 's a fine calf . that 's why Stevens will take it for the rest of the payment . he sigh and start to get the calf up on the wagon , and Mary climb up on the wagon to help . at this moment the horse move , Mary lose she balance , and fall over backward from the wagon . jabez rush over to she . jabez Mary -- be you hurt ? Mary be unconscious and do not answer . ma stone she hit she head -- carry she in the house . he lift she up , carry she into the house . the kitchen : jabez put Mary into a chair . ma stone fetch some water -- quick ! jabez rush out to the pump while ma tend to Mary . the yard : as jabez come out of the house with a bucket and hurry toward the pump , Shep , the dog , be see by the corner of the house , he muzzle raise to the sky , howling dismally and strangely . jabez keep quiet , Shep . he continue on the way to the well to fill the bucket , but Shep howl again . ma stone ( call from the kitchen door ) what 's ail that dog ? jabez ( at the well ) I dunno . ma stone well ... make he keep quiet . jabez and why should I ? let he howl if it make he feel good . ( with a sudden rush of bitterness ) consarn it . he 's better off than I be ! I wish I could tell him ... ( with a angry motion up to the sky ) ... up there , just what I think . ma stone hush up such talk , jabez ! jabez I can not help it . I mean it , I tell you . I have have more than my share . nothing ever go right for I -- nothing ! he draw up water quickly and return to the house . the kitchen : jabez , enter with the bucket of water , and set it down . jabez ( bend over Mary , tenderly ) Mary -- mary ( come out of she faint ) jabez ... jabez Mary -- how do you feel ? ma stone let she be , son . she will do all right . you better get yourself straighten out . mary ( weakly ) yes , jabez -- do not worry . jabez I will get the doctor . mary no , jabez -- all I need be some rest -- you go and pay we debt . everything will be all right then ... everything . Mary 's eye close and she sink into sleep , while jabez leave for the barn . the barn : jabez take a sack of seed , throw it on he shoulder . at this moment the sack open and all the seed run out into a dirty pool of water . jabez that 's enough to make a man sell he soul to the devil ! and I would , too , for about two cent ! he stop abruptly , realize what he have say and appal by it . he look around he , fearfully . jabez I guess nobody hear . I hope not . jabez jam he hand in he pocket and a horrify expression come over he face . he slowly take out he right hand . in the palm be two big copper penny . a voice ( speak smoothly ) good evening , neighbor Stone . jabez turn around and see a figure -- well - dress , look rather like a salesman . jabez stare at he , speechless . the voice my name be scratch -- I often go by that name in New England . jabez I do not want to have any business with you . scratch do you deny that you call I ? I have know people in other States who go back on they word . but I do not expect it in New Hampshire . jabez ( stung ) you can not say that to I ! I be New Hampshire . if I say I call you , I do . ( in a lower voice ) I guess I do . scratch you have have a lot of bad luck this day . and yet -- it 's all so unnecessary . when I think of you opportunity -- jabez opportunity ? scratch of course . why man , you have one of the richest farm in the county . ( as jabez laugh bitterly , scratch persist ) you just go about it the wrong way -- so many man do . hard work -- well , that 's all right for people who do not know how to do anything else . it 's all right for people who be not lucky -- but once you be lucky -- you do not work for other people . you make they work for you . jabez well , now , mister , that sound all right . but -- scratch a clever man like yourself -- he can find money anywhere . money to pay he bill -- money for he wife and he child -- money to be a rich man . all he need be a friend to point it out to he . ( kick he suspiciously sharp toe at a loose board in the barn ) like that ! the board , rotten , give way . underneath it be a iron pot , fill with money . scratch point down to it silently ; jabez look at it , dumbfounded . scratch do not be afraid of it . pick it up . feel it in you hand . sharp' voice ( from outside ) jabez Stone ! jabez do not hear . he still stare at the gold . scratch someone 's call you , Mr. Stone . jabez look up bewilder . another voice from outside jabez Stone ! jabez run across the barn to the other door . Tom sharp , eli higgins and Van brook be approach , and jabez stop they in the doorway . jabez ( breathless ) what do you want ? tom sharp howdy , Mr. Stone . we have come round to ask you if you make up you mind to join the grange ? jabez ( in a daze ) what grange ? tom sharp that farmer ' association -- we be talk about the other day . eli higgins that be , if you have time to mull it over , proper . jabez ( interrupt ) no , no I do not want to join ! ( harshly ) go away -- leave I alone . tom sharp ( retreate ) well -- we do not mean to force you , jabez Stone -- but -- it 's only for you own good . jabez I will look out for myself ! ... now go away -- leave I alone . he stand for a moment look after they as they turn and leave . then he quickly rush back to scratch . jabez ( look at the gold ) where do it come from ? scratch oh , you know the old story -- the hessian wagon train that be ambush on the way to Saratoga . some of the gold have be bury under you barn ! jabez ( feverishly ) yes , why should not it ? scratch yes , of course , people forget -- or the man who know about it die , you know how this thing happen . jabez go forward to pick up the gold . scratch stop he . jabez it 's mine ? scratch that 's right , Mr. Stone -- there be -- ( whipping a paper from he pocket ) -- just one little formality . I would like you signature here -- see . and when it 's do -- it 's do for seven year . ( as jabez look up ) it 's we usual form . of course -- we may be able to take up the question of a renewal in due time . jabez ( stare at the paper scratch hold before he ) what do it mean here -- about my soul ? scratch well , why should that worry you . a soul -- a soul be nothing . can you see it , smell it , touch it ? -- no ! -- think of it -- this soul -- you soul -- a nothing , against seven whole year of good luck ! you will have money and all that money can buy . upon my word , neighbor Stone , if it be not for my firm 's reputation for generous deal -- he start to put the paper away . jabez no , no ! give it to I ! scratch ( take a pin from he coat lapel ) a pin , neighbor Stone ! I be afraid , you will have to prick you finger -- but what 's a little pain to a lucky man ? jabez take the pin , prick he finger and draw blood . scratch ( point ) sign here . jabez sign . scratch excellent . a firm , fair signature . one that will last till doomsday . ( tucking the deed away in he pocketbook , then shaking jabez 's hand ) my dear neighbor Stone , I congratulate you ! you be go to be the richest man in New Hampshire ! ( he start to leave . ) jabez well , I will be -- ( he stoops to pick up some gold . ) scratch yes , indeed . but not now . not for seven year . oh , I almost forget -- what be the date ? jabez the seventh day of April -- scratch 1840 . well , that will take we to the seventh day of April in 1847 . they start for the door together . outside the barn , the sunset fade from the sky : jabez and scratch stand by a stunt tree near the door . scratch just to remind you -- though of course we will be see each other in the interim -- he sweep he five , very point finger across the bark of the tree and suddenly there be a date upon it : " april 7 , 1847 . " scratch move toward he black buggy and black horse . they be just shadow in the weird light . scratch ( lift he hat ) good evening , neighbor Stone . ( he get into the buggy ) a beautiful sunset , Mr. Stone . jabez stand with the gold in he hand as we hear the buggy wheel drive away , but we hardly can see it disappear ; it become part of the twilight so quickly . jabez , leave alone , blink as though waking from a fantastic dream . he look down at the gold in he hand ; and he bring a piece of it up before he eye and stare at it , blink again . jabez ( in a low voice ) Mary .... ( the realization of he luck come over he in a wave ) Mary ... Mary ... Mary ! he rush for the house . the dog , Shep , slink out of the hall and follow jabez , suddenly shaking off he fear and prancing by he master 's side . the kitchen in jabez Stone 's House : the lamp be light . Mary be propped up in a chair by the fire , and ma Stone be busy with supper . jabez rush over to Mary , so excited he cannot sit down . he toss the gold piece in Mary 's lap . she be finger they , amaze -- incredulous . jabez Mary -- what would you do with a pot o' gold ? mary jabez ! jabez Mary -- what would you do ? mary well -- I -- I do not know -- I would pay we debt and well -- maybe get a new bonnet , but -- really -- I think I would live the same . jabez Mary -- look ! hessian gold . I find it in the barn . ma stone you find it in the barn , hey ? jabez yes -- I be get the seed -- I stumble -- I see one of the board warpe up a bit -- and -- there it be . ma stone ( skeptically as she carry plate to the table ) most outlandish thing I ever hear tell . ( as she thump plate down on table ) do not seem right , somehow ! jabez but it 's true . take them up in you hand , Mary -- feel them -- they be real all right . ( as Mary just stare at she lap , but do not touch the money ) be not you glad ? mary I will try hard -- I just can not take it all in . ma stone ( take up one of the gold piece ) h be . hessian gold . well -- hope it will do we more good than it do the hessian . she drop it . jabez we will none of we have to worry any more , ma . we be rich ! he stoops down and kiss Mary . ma stone ( at the fire ) well -- that 's comforting ! ( lift the pot from the crane and start back toward the table with it ) Supper . jabez say , Mary , how be you shoulder ? mary it feel fine now , jabez . jabez will you come into town with I tomorrow ? mary I would love to . the scene fade out . a road fade in . it be next morning and a bright spring day and jabez and Mary , both dress for town , be riding in the buggy , en route to Cross corner . as we follow they , jabez be in high spirit , he be hum or whistling a little tune ; Mary be , too , but with more reserve . this view dissolves to cross corner , miser steven ' office , later in the day : the buggy stop in a whirl of dust , and as jabez jump out of the buggy , sheriff may step outside the office building . jabez hello , sheriff . sheriff hello , jabez -- I be just talk to Stevens about a little extension on you payment . jabez ( laugh ) and you do not get it , hey ? come on , we will have another talk with he . jabez take the sheriff 's arm and go over to the office with he . as jabez disappear through Stevens ' door he turn and signal reassuringly to Mary and give she a elaborate wink . steven ' office : it be a bare , cold room with a small iron stove near the desk , a small iron safe , and a few severe chair . a meager fire burn in the stove , no more than a few coal . Stevens be behind he desk , with various legal papers pile in front of he , and be look craftily at the door from the street as it open and the sheriff enter , follow by jabez . jabez ( close the door and step forward jauntily , as he mockingly sweep off he hat ) Stevens ! steven ( icily ) well , Stone -- have you get the money ? jabez ( with mock humility ) I barely manage to scrape up a bit for you . I think if I make a kind of part payment -- steven ( hard as granite ) no , Stone ! jabez -- in gold . steven ( scornfully ) I would like to know where you would get it .... jabez you know -- some folk be just lucky . other pick gold right out of the air . ( reach up over he head , as though pick it from the air , and fling a gold piece on the desk ) like that ! steven ( grab for the gold piece as it roll on the desk and bite it ) Real ! sheriff , you be a witness that this money be pay I voluntarily , and while it do not satisfy the mortgage , it have become my property . jabez do not satisfy , eh? well -- that 's too bad .... he do another sly bit of hocus-pocus and extract another gold piece , seemingly out of Stevens ' nose , and fling that one down . jabez rake that one in , too .... ( fling it down ) and this one -- and this one -- and that ... he take they out now , faster and faster fling they down one after the other and laugh uproariously as Stevens scramble for they . jabez ( step close to the desk ) Count it -- count it ! the sheriff 's here to witness . he reach out suddenly and grab up a deed from Steven 's desk . he glance at it ; make sure it be he ; and deliberately tear it into bit and fling they down on the desk . jabez that make everything clean now . come on , sheriff . he link arm with the sheriff and go out , leave Stevens stare at one of the piece of gold as he hold it on he wrinkle palm . he let it fall to the desk , suddenly realize he have see that kind of gold before . with a motion of repulsion , he push the gold aside , move back the top of he desk with a thrust of he tremble hand , and stare down on something that be write there . there follow a close view ( a insertion ) of what Stevens see : it be the present date : April 8 , 1840 , write in the same style of lettering scratch use on the tree on jabez 's farm . then , the previous scene reappearing , we watch Stevens stare at it for a moment , then rise rather unsteadily and go quickly to he small iron safe . he open it ; snatch out some gold and some fat bundle of wear bill , and stuff they into he pocket , leave . the scene dissolves to the exterior of the church at cross corner , a fine white New England structure opposite the village green . Stevens come up the front step , hurry up , clutching he pocket , heavy with they burden of gold and currency , enter the vestibule of the church , which now appear . it be a shadowy corner where there be a poor box or box for contribution to foreign missionary . Stevens begin stuff he money into the box . as he be thus engage , a shadowy figure in a black frock coat appear in the doorway ; start to put he sharp - point foot over the threshold ; then draw it back . he do not enter the church but speak from the outside . scratch ( softly ) what be you do , mister Stevens ? Stevens whirl about . he stand tremble , he head thrust forward . steven ( stop and cring ) I want to give it all to the church . scratch my money ? why , mister Stevens ? what a quaint idea . come over to the door . I want to speak to you privately . stop throw away that money . we must not let people see any softness in you , mister Stevens .... people take advantage of softness , you know . come out of there -- I will give you a extension if you will forget this stupid repentance idea . steven ( come out of the church ) that be not it . it 's ... the loneliness , Mr. scratch ... the loneliness ! scratch ( stroking he point chin and chuckle softly ) the loneliness ? Lonely with all you gold , mister Stevens ? that hardly make sense . steven ( under he breath ) I want someone to talk to ... scratch you can talk to I ... steven no , no ... ( beginning to whimper again ) I want to talk to man ... to people in Cross corner ...to my neighbor ... scratch why do not you ? steven I can not be honest with they . scratch oh , that 's what you want -- well , you can be perfectly honest with jabez Stone -- now . the scene dissolves to the country store of Cross corner , disclose jabez load various thing he have purchase on he buggy . Eddie , the store clerk , be come out of the store with jabez 's bill in he hand . eddie that certainly be a big day for we store , Mr. Stone . jabez ( pay the bill ) here ... ( hand Eddie a extra gold piece ) ... and this one be for you . eddie golly , Mr. Stone , I hope I stumble on a pot of hessian gold one day , myself . as Eddie run back into the store , Mary come out , accompany by Sarah . mary ( indicate the bonnet ) what do you think of that , jabez ? jabez look right elegant , Mary . sarah ( flutter around she ) newest thing by last fall catalogue and " godey 's lady ' Book . " mary you do not think it look too fancy ? jabez do you say too fancy ? sarah Lan 's to gracious , child , not for you ! jabez you take it -- nothing 's too fancy for we ... mary ( to Sarah ) well -- maybe it would not hurt -- to have a few rose . sarah ( smile ) right pretty , Mary . mary ( turn back to the store ) I will pick out a little shawl for ma -- good and serviceable . jabez ( call after she ) take you time , Mary . I will be back in half a hour . jabez leave , and as Mary turn back she bump into Eddie who be come out of the store with a trumpet under he arm . mary where be you go with you trumpet ? eddie do not you hear , Mrs. Stone ? Daniel webster have promise to stop at Cross corner today on he way to Franklin . mary Daniel webster -- here ? eddie be not you go to the reception ? the scene dissolves to the village square in the late afternoon : the whole village have collect here and we see quite a gather . the local fife - and - drum corps be prominently in evidence , include at least one Revolutionary veteran , in buff and blue , with a pigtail . the sheriff line up the band and the spectator ; the schoolmaster take care of the child . the squire stand in front of the band look up at Eddie who practice on he trumpet . squire Eddie -- must you do that now ? eddie I want to get it right once before Mr. webster arrive . sheriff ( join they ) what do you think , Mr. squire , shall I find out more about jabez and he gold ? squire you better find out about Mr. webster -- he be already more than a hour late -- can not understand it . he turn to the wait crowd which be get restless . he be almost about to speak when Eddie blow he trumpet again , cause the squire to look at he exasperate . eddie do not worry , Mr. squire , I will get it yet . squire Friends , neighbor -- I beg you to have a little more patience . so let 's rehearse the parade once more . he turn to the bandleader , who give the signal , whereupon the band start play . the scene dissolves to a field behind the barn in the late afternoon , as jabez arrive at the blacksmith 's . jabez ( to a boy ) where be the blacksmith ? boy he 's pitching horseshoe with Daniel webster . jabez with whom ? as jabez turn , we see Daniel webster and the blacksmith pitching horseshoe . small boy stand about , watch and cheer . spectator ( to he companion ) crazy galoot -- think he can take on dan'l webster . another farmer Da nol pitch shoe from he cradle , do not you , Da nol ? webster yes , with my granny , and she be not bad , either -- now , I will really have to go . the people must be wait over at Cross corner . webster have reach he buggy and there scratch be hold up webster 's coat . scratch it 's only a short drive , Mr. webster . webster ( turn ) oh -- it 's you again . what do you want ? scratch with the presidential election come up , I think I could be of some help , sir . webster I would rather see you on the side of the opposition . scratch I will be there , too ! just then webster stop , look back , and see jabez throw a horseshoe . webster say , that 's pretty good , young man . scratch pretty good -- that 's perfect ! jabez ten throw -- Mr. webster ? webster ten throw it be . the scene dissolves and reappear , indicate that some time have elapse . a few more throw and jabez have win the game . the farmer cheer . webster ( shake jabez 's hand ; very friendly ) you win . will you ride to the village with I , Mr. Stone ? jabez thank you , Mr. webster . the scene dissolves to the village square , and as webster drive he buggy down the slope , we suddenly see that the village square be empty -- not a soul be in sight . the people have apparently become tired of wait for webster and go about they various duty . and now in webster' buggy , as two buggy come down the slope , we see the amaze and then chagrine face of the reception committee as they observe the desert square . webster ( smile , he black eye flash they lightning of humor to the squire at he side ) I do not seem to be so very popular after all -- in Cross corner . jabez seem like it 's my fault , Mr. webster . webster ( slapping he knee ) not at all , lad -- not at all . ( with tongue in cheek ) for a good game of horseshoe I would always sacrifice fame and acclaim . some boy jump off the rear of the buggy and dart away , call out as they run in they shrill , piping voice . martin ( one of the boy ; run up to the door of the inn ) Black Da nol 's here ! the inn , which now appear , be fill with farmer and town people who be see before wait in the Square , and heavy drink be go on as Martin go up to the bar . martin hey , dan'l webster 's here ! in the square in front of the inn , the carriage now come to a stop as the tavern door open and the host , cy bibber , round , red -face , always a little mellow , rush out with greeting and a good-size cup of rum for the great dan'l webster , hand to he by Mr. scratch . the squire , red -face , rush up to the carriage . squire welcome -- Mr. webster -- welcome in Cross corner . cy bibber ( as he hand up the cup to webster ) you good health , sir . webster ( take it ) what about my friend -- let 's all have a drink and a bumper one for the champion -- mister Stone ! cy bibber right away , Mr. webster . he bow and scrape and be off immediately into the tavern . webster ( sniff the cup ) here 's a man who know what 's good for dan'l webster ! medford rum ! ah , a breath of the Promised land ! ( he taste it ; and smack he lip ) to the champion of the Iron horseshoe , jabez Stone ! jabez ( who in the meantime get he drink ) thanks , Mr. webster ! ( lift up he cup ) to the champion of the whole United States -- Da nol webster ! cheer , and they all drink . at this moment , however , young Martin , step up to the buggy , begin scrutinize webster . webster what be you look for , Colonel ? ( as Martin do not answer ) what 's you name ? martin Martin Van buren Aldrich and my pa 's the only Democrat in Cross corner . he say you have horn and a tall , Mr. webster , but I be not see them yet . webster well , Martin , I only wear they in Washington -- that 's the trouble . but if you ever come down there , I will show they to you . martin ( goggle - eye ) gee , would you , Mr. webster ? honest ? webster of course . and you tell you father for I -- we may be on opposite side of the fence , but I be always glad to hear of a man who hold to he own opinion . as long as people do that -- the country 's all right . do you understand , Martin ? martin yes , sir -- I guess I do -- gee -- scratch speech , Mr. webster -- speech -- webster , jabez , and the squire , schoolmaster and sheriff be still drink , and cy bibber be give another cup to webster . it be obvious that webster , in a very pleasant way , be a little under the weather , for he slump down in the front seat of the buggy , hold the cup a little unsteadily in he hand . voice in the crowd begin call : voice speech , Black dan'l . speech ! squire they be ask for a speech , Mr. webster . webster speech ? -- oh , no -- I be a little tired , slossum . and , besides , it 's so pleasant here -- in the sun . ( he stretch out he leg and settles down on the small of he back ) you sun and air be very pleasant in Cross corner . he smile and close he eye with a deep sigh . squire ( sputtering ) -- but -- Mr. webster -- he look helplessly around at the other . webster ( to the squire ) you tell they -- voice ( from the crowd ) speech , Da nol webster ! speech ! squire ( helplessly to the Committee ) what be we go to do , gentlemen ? suddenly , jabez , who realize the state webster be in , move away from the buggy ; and jump up on the tavern step . he hold up he hand to the crowd . they gradually stop call and give he they attention . jabez ( beginning with a frog in he throat , scared by he own temerity ) listen , folk -- folk , I want to say -- folk , I -- I do not know much about speechify -- ( swallow dryly ) -- but I feel it my duty -- there be a expectant silence , and jabez , still scared , look out at the crowd and grope for further word . at this point we get a fairly close view of Mary in the crowd . she be stand next to a tall , thin woman , susannah Orr . susannah ( look off at jabez ) what 's the matter with he ? cat get he tongue ? mary hush up , susannah . susannah jabez be a smart farmer . but make tall speech 's different . kin he do it ? mary of course he can -- I mean he never have -- but -- oh , can not you keep quiet ! now we get a close view of jabez Stone , still stand on the step of the tavern . jabez ( continue he speech ) well , folk -- what I want to say be -- well , when a man like dan'l webster visit we -- we should not ask he for a speech -- it be for we -- to speak , to tell he that we farmer thank we lucky star every day in the year for what dan'l webster 's do for we . if anybody 's get corn in he crib and hay in he barn , it 's all due to we good neighbor , dan'l webster , who stand right up in Congress to protect we from loan shark by a new law . and after hard work like that , it 's only natural Da nol webster get tired . he 's tired of make speech and just want a little rest in the sunshine -- and , folk , if he do not choose Cross corner 's sunshine to rest in ! now that 's mighty fine ! and I want to say this before I quit talk . we be hoe corn in Franklin County , all due , like I say , to dan'l webster , and we will keep on hoe it till he 's in the White House in Washington -- where he belong . jabez bow and step down from step and be reward with applause and cheer . webster have be soundly asleep but now he open he eye . he smile at jabez and stretch out he open hand . jabez grip it , look exalt . webster ( still a little drowsy ) eloquent speech , neighbor Stone -- could not have do better myself -- ( with a sly smile ) -- under the circumstance . ( he squeeze he hand ) thank you . jabez Mr. webster -- I would like you to meet my wife , Mary . webster well -- I will be -- if it be not little Mary sampson from Franklin . mary ( smile ) it be . webster ( put out he hand to Mary ) you have get a smart man , Mrs. Stone . hang onto he . mary ( as they shake hand ) -- I be go to try , Mr. webster . she blushes ; then pause . webster that 's fine -- ( then pick up horse ' rein ) well -- I be get on to Franklin before night . good-bye , Mary -- good-bye , jabez -- God bless both of you -- good -bye , everybody and thank you . he raise he hand to the crowd . they begin to cheer . the horse start trot off . now , the band in a last minute rush come and play a farewell tune for the depart webster . webster turn and wave as the crowd go on cheer . jabez and Mary stand together , wave good - bye . the step in front of the inn : the squire and the other be about to enter the inn . squire come along , jabez ? jabez ( to Mary ) shall we ? mary we must go on home , jabez . jabez yes , Mary . ( with a self - satisfied sigh and stretch ) it 's be a long day . the scene dissolves to the WASHINGTON arm tavern barroom , where we find the squire , the sheriff , the schoolmaster , and a few other man . they have all be drink heavily , even the host , cy bibber , who be not behind the bar where he should be . instead , in he place be scratch , smoothly and very efficiently mixing and serve the drink . scratch another drink , sheriff ? cy bibber I want to make a toast -- ( hold up cup that scratch fill again ) -- a toast to dan'l webster -- great man -- in whole United States ! other cheer thickly and drink . scratch excellent , Mr. bibber , excellent -- and I would like to make another one . ( raise he cup ) to jabez Stone -- who so ably today support the -- ( slurring it ) great Da nol webster ! -- sometimes people do not recognize great man in they own community . cy bibber ( to the squire ) do you hear , squire slossum ? squire Mr. Stone ? -- a great man ? -- well , now -- I -- he seem to be a little overbearing -- drive in Mr. webster 's carriage . no -- I be not so sure about he . scratch ( to the squire ) another rum , squire slossum . squire ( thickly ) -- well -- I -- I do not know -- scratch what ? you do not know ? -- squire well , just one more -- and this be the last one . the scene dissolves to the MAIN STREET of cross corner , dark and silent . the light be out in the house . from out of the tavern , they arm lock together , come the figure of scratch , the squire , sheriff , cy bibber and the schoolmaster . scratch be in the middle . we follow they as they weave in a unsteady line down the dark street . softly they chant in they mellow , dulcet tone , as the scene dissolves . all of they we want jabez Stone ! -- for selectman -- jabez Stone ! jabez Stone ! jabez stone's bedroom , a small room under the slope of the eave : it be still that night . the lamp be light . there be a big , fourposter New England bed with a canopy and patchwork quilt . jabez and Mary be prepare for bed , Mary be finish braid she hair and jabez be take off he shoe . jabez ( still in the dream ) remember , Mary , how he say it : " could not have do better myself , jabez Stone , " and it be my first speech . I do not know what come into I , Mary . I just stand up and the word come flow like water out of my mouth . mary ( have say this many time since ) oh , jabez -- it be a wonderful day -- a pause . she finish with she hair and begin to unbutton she dress . mary but I be glad to be home again -- jabez ( look up at she ) tire ? mary worried ! jabez there be nothing to worry about now . mary ( anxiously ) you will never change -- will you ? jabez Mary -- you just wait and see -- it 's all -- just the beginning -- just the beginning -- of everything . I will be the biggest man in New Hampshire and you will be the wife of the biggest man . but now Shep be bark in the yard . jabez turn from Mary and go toward the window to open it , unbuttone he shirt . we get a close view of jabez at the window as he open it and the curtain flutter in the breeze that smell of earth . we see the new moon from jabez 's angle , just sink over the sharp hill . jabez quiet , Shep -- ( take in a deep breath ) it 's a new moon , Mary -- mary voice yes , I know , jabez -- a new moon . and I see it over my right shoulder , too . that mean good luck -- for both of we . jabez yes -- we be rich -- mary ( after a pause ) there 's hope and promise in it , jabez -- plant and promise of good harvest to come . jabez ( take another deep breath ) yes -- you be right , Mary . I can almost hear the little blade of grass a-start up -- all the seed a-stir underneath the ground -- mary ( after a pause , softly ) do not take cold , jabez . ( after another pause ) come -- it 's warm in here . the lamp be blow out and the room become dark , except for the thin light of the moon . jabez 's figure be bath in it for a moment . he turn from the window , just as the unmistakable figure of scratch be see , watch from the shadow of a tree , but jabez have no eye for he now . in the gentle glow of moonlight , jabez 's tall figure be see go toward the bed , while Mary be lie under the cover , she face turn to he on the pillow , wait . jabez Mary -- mary jabez -- he kiss she , then reach out and touch the very edge of the bed as the scene fade out . a hillside field back of the Stone house fade in . it be just before noon next day , and jabez be do he spring plow . the horse be old and so be the plow , but we should get some feel of the essential strength and beauty of earth here -- and of jabez 's real kinship with it -- he stride across the furrow and the feel of he foot honestly grip the good earth . then a closer view pick out jabez plow and now a horn be hear blow from the house ; it be a horn use to call man in from the field . thereupon jabez stop and go to the house . the kitchen - side of the Stone House , near the porch : as jabez and ma Stone come up , Mary , sleeve roll back , be fresh from she washtub . mary ( see jabez ) oh , jabez -- I hate to call you from spring plow , but -- the squire , he wife , Lucy , schoolmaster phipp and the sheriff : the squire , sheriff and schoolmaster all look suspiciously bleary and be suffer from headache . the squire , in particular , look unfortunate , be so pompous anyhow . jabez ( excited ) why -- good morning , squire . squire Morning , jabez . other ' Morning , jabez . jabez ' Morning , Mrs. slossum . squire ahem -- we want to have a little confidential talk with you , neighbor Stone . do not like to take a man away from he plant -- but sometimes -- jabez come right into the parlor , will not you , folk . ma stone ( display she new shawl , proudly , now that there be distinguished company . she be smoothing the part in she hair ) well -- Lucy slossum ! come right in with we , will not you ? lucy thanks , Mrs. Stone . they go into the house . the stone parlor : it be a frigid place , with sparse , unfriendly furniture and a horse -hair memorial to a depart Stone on the wall . the place might well be a marble vault . jabez usher the squire , sheriff and schoolmaster into it . they sit down uncomfortably on hard chair , shiver a bit . jabez mighty good of you to come out , squire -- spare all this time to -- ( look at other suspiciously ) sheriff , too -- and schoolmaster -- mighty nice . squire ahem -- neighbor Stone , we want -- his head be kill he . the sheriff and the schoolmaster be not happy , either . squire ( moan ) oh ! jabez ( concerned ) headache -- squire ? squire worst I have in year -- ahem -- start a spring cold , I guess -- er -- do not happen to have a bit of camomile tea in the house , do you , Stone ? jabez camomile tea ! the stone kitchen : Mary , now trim up a bit for company , but still flushed and steam - look , be sit with Lucy slossum and ma Stone . jabez enter from the parlor . jabez Mary , get three cup of camomile tea for the squire and the rest . they all feel cold come on . mary I will get it , jabez . jabez thanks , Mary . he go back to the parlor , and Mary go to cupboard and get down jug of cider and some cup . lucy poor Henry , he 's suffer mighty sharp . have a important committee meeting last night , and do not get home till midnight . I be asleep , of course , that late , but this morning -- my ! -- ma stone ( dryly ) there 's one thing good for that kind of headache . let I show you . the stone parlor : the squire have manage to get to he foot and be speak formally . squire and so , jabez Stone , in the name of the whig Party of Cross corner , we offer you the nomination of that party for selectman . jabez ( stunne ) selectman ? selectman of the village ? I ? the sheriff and the schoolmaster clap they hand . sheriff Fine speech you make yesterday , jabez . show you have get the stuff . squire New blood -- and old stock . jabez but -- I be just lucky . squire well ? do not a politician have to be ? sheriff it seem such a obvious candidature to we all . jabez ( take a deep breath ) very well , folk . I accept . squire good ! that 's the right New Hampshire stuff ! now -- ahem -- if we could make a little toast to that effect . mary ( enter with cup on a tray ) here , jabez -- jabez ( take the tray ) Mary ! I be -- selectman of Cross corner ! mary ( look at he , frighten and as though she have suddenly lose he ) oh -- jabez . she turn and run from the room . jabez turn and look after she . then he shrug , turn back to the man , and begin pass out cup to they . squire ( hold up he cup ) to we new selectman , jabez Stone ! they drink take it down in one thirsty gulp , and smack they lip . suddenly , all three who drank look at each other -- strange , foil look come over they face . they lip pucker up . sheriff I will be blow -- nanny - plum laxative tea ! they all look , bewilder , at jabez . the kitchen : ma and Mrs. slossum be look over a box fill with paper slip -- recipe . ma stone and if this do not do it , then you try this recipe . mrs . slossum thank you -- ma Stone . mary ( enter with the tray of empty cup ) oh , Mrs. slossum , they be all leave -- you better hurry up if you do not want to stay here . Mrs. slossum swallow she last piece of pie -- wipe she finger and rush out . mrs . slossum good-bye , ma Stone . good-bye , Mary , and thanks for everything . ma stone ( who have look into the cup Mary bring in ) they really finish it , and to the last drop -- my , my . she go to the window where we see the buggy leave with all the visitor in it . mary you know , ma , why the squire come to see jabez ? ma stone yes , Mrs. slossum tell I -- Lucy can not even keep a secret -- selectman -- my son -- well , who would have think of that ? jabez ( who have by now enter the room and hear ma 's speech ) you could have knock I down with a feather -- selectman -- I . mary ( who do not want to talk about it , for fear she might cry ) I will never get my wash do . jabez that 's one thing I want to talk to you about , Mary . mary ( with a curtsy ) yes , Mr. selectman ! jabez I be serious . mary it 's very become to you , Mr. selectman . jabez but it 's not very become to you to have you hand in the sud -- when the squire and he wife -- mary ( bewilder ) but jabez -- the wash have to be do -- jabez well -- that 's the last time -- we will have servant to do it . mary no , no . I do not want to be idle . jabez and I do not want to have a washwoman for a wife . ma stone well , son , I be glad to see a Stone come up in the world again . jabez now look here , ma. I be not a boy anymore . I want that understand . I do not aim to stay a one - horse farmer the rest of my life . Mary 's get to be the kind of wife a -- a big man need -- mary jabez -- once you say we would never change -- jabez I be not use to be big -- be not use to think in big way . now , I have make up my mind . he leave , the two woman look after he , thoroughly puzzle . the yard of the Stone farm : jabez , come from the kitchen , see hank , a neighbor farmer , linger about . ( it be day . ) hank howdy , jabez . jabez howdy , hank . hank ( meekly , with a feel of apology ) kin you spare a moment for I jabez ? jabez ( condescendingly ) why , of course , hank -- I have always get time for a neighbor . what 's on you mind ? hank well -- here 's how it be ... Tom sharp , eli higgins and a couple of other be talk to I about -- that new sort of organization -- grange they call it . what you think about it ? jabez I do not know -- do not seem much of a idea to I . hank yes , but what do a farmer do if he do not want to get roped in some more by they loan shark ? jabez oh -- you do not have to go to miser Stevens while I be around . hank do not I ? ... say , that 's mighty white of you , jabez . jabez not at all , hank ... not at all . glad to help you . hank thanks , jabez -- I really would not need very much ... if you could let I have some seed to start off with enough for spring plant ... jabez seed ? ... easiest thing in the world . come along , hank , we will pick out everything you need , right now . they walk toward the barn . hank say ... about the interest ... jabez now do not you worry about that . you just leave it all to I . we will not talk business now ... just bear this in mind ... I be not the man to get rich on other people 's hard luck .... no , sir ... not I ! ... they enter the barn . jabez I be through the mill myself , an' I know just how you feel . here ... in the barn , jabez bend over the seed bin , hank stand beside he . jabez here , that 's the best seed you will find anywhere around New Hampshire . and as the seed run through jabez 's hand the scene dissolves to a series of view ( " montage shot " ) of the stone farm by day : we see it prosper under the sky of late spring and then summer . we see all the stony field blossoming ... the little blade of green start from the earth ; the corn grow thick and mighty high in one field ... the barley rank and heavy - head in another . we see a fine new bull be lead to the barn , and two new cow . the corn and barley stand ripe and golden in jabez 's field . this dissolves to the bedroom on a late afternoon : Mary , she eye close , be lie on the fourposter bed . she be fully dress . her bosom rise and fall in the breathe of gentle sleep . jabez have just come in . his hair be boyishly rumple . his face , however , seem more mature and serious with a grow self - importance . jabez ( in a whisper ) Mary ... he stop on see she asleep and turn away from the bed . he start back toward door ; turn to the bed again ; come back to it and pull the patchwork quilt up over Mary , cover she . then he tiptoe out . in the kitchen ma Stone sit by the fireplace , knitting . she readjust she spectacle and squint a bit . jabez enter , have come downstairs again , and pace up and down the room . ma stone it will not be the first baby ever bear in this house . ( fumble with she knitting ) there ! make I drop a stitch ! ( as jabez continue he pace ) sit down , you make I nervous ! ( but he do not sit ) Lan 's , that 's the way a man always be . thinks he son 's the most important thing in the world . jabez my son ! do you really think , ma .... ma stone ( laugh ) oh , go along with you ! as if it matter to a grandma ! but p'rap you get a even chance . there be a sudden blink of lightning at the window . ma stone look like a storm , all of a sudden . hope it will not wake Mary . she light a lamp . jabez ( look out the window ) queer sort of weather we be have -- queer like everything else . ma stone well , thank the Lord you can always depend on New England for weather . we have get enough for the whole United States . jabez I feel -- fidgety , ma -- not right at all . ma stone Lan 's , I would think you be have the baby , to hear you . jabez ( after a pause ) I -- a son . he pause and glance at the window as though somebody might be there look in at he . he see only the dark cloud and the rack tree on which he doom be carve . he speak out of he fear : jabez money -- money 's a funny thing , be not it , ma ? ma stone I figure that depend a mite on how you get it and how you spend it , Son . jabez ( eagerly ) do you really think that ? ma stone why , that 's just sense , Son . now a man like Daniel webster -- guess they pay he high for what he do . but he 's worth it -- and he help other . make all the difference . jabez I know , ma , but -- suppose a man get he money in bad way -- ma stone ( with a snap of she jaw ) would not profit he none . jabez be glance again at the darken window when there be a flash of lightning , as though mock he . ma stone you see , son ? I be old and I have live . when a man get he money in bad way -- when he see the better course and take the worse -- then the devil be in he heart -- and that fix he . jabez ma -- and yet , a man could change that , could not he ? ma stone a man can always change thing , Son . that 's what make he different from barnyard critter . jabez , have stare out of the window at the rack tree , now head with determination for the door . ma stone where you go , Son ? but jabez do not heed she and go out silently . outside the stone farm : Dark cloud be roll up steadily and there be occasional flash of distant lightning . we follow jabez as he hasten along and come up to the rack tree . he look about he , rather furtively , take care not to be see , then take out a large pocket knife and attempt to gouge out the date that scratch have fix on the tree . but he find that the lettering be too deep and make no headway . and , give up the attempt , jabez determine on something else . he rush to the barn . now jabez enter the barn and hunt about . he find a ax and be about to start out to attack the tree again when the drum of a great burst of hail be hear on the roof and sheet of it be see fall outside the barn door . the pellet of hail be enormous . then , as jabez stop and whirl about , scratch emanate from the shadow , or be suddenly reveal in a flash of lightning , stand calm , suave and smile . scratch good evening , neighbor Stone . jabez look here now -- scratch oh come , neighbor Stone . I would not cut that tree if I be you . it mean a breach of contract . jabez I do not care . scratch but you should , now that you be become a father . jabez leave you tongue off of that ! scratch oh , certainly . I sha not even come to the christen -- it would be tactless and in wretch bad taste . ( laugh ) but I may send a friend of mine -- just for old sake 's sake . yes , I might do that . he stroke he chin thoughtfully . ma stone's voice ( outside , call ) jabez ! jabez ! scratch you mother ! I find she a little difficult -- hardly the type for we sort of thing . ( step back ) good night , neighbor Stone . scratch bow and leave , almost imperceptibly , through the rear door ; one moment he be there , the next he be go , leave jabez stare after he . the hail continue to fall . the cattle come out of they trance - like silence . the horse stamp . jabez go toward the warpe board where the money be hide when ma Stone enter through the front door . over she head she hold a old coat to protect she from the hail . ma stone ( breathless ) oh , here you be , jabez . lan' , I be worried about you .... hail in August ! the crop will be ruin ! jabez it do not matter ! ma stone what 's that you say , Son ? jabez I say -- it do not matter . ma stone ( also greatly relieved ) now that 's the way to talk , Son ! I know you work hard for that crop . but we will make out . jabez make out ? we will do better than that ! I never think I would be glad for bad luck , but I be . I never think I would be glad of a hail storm at harvest time , but I be ! oh , bless ye the work of the Lord in the hail and the storm and the rain ! ma Stone nod again , lip still purse . hail drum loudly on the roof . twilight have drop outside and it be dark . the scene dissolves to jabez stone's cornfield early next morning : we see not only jabez 's cornfield but the field of neighbor farmer , farther down the slope and up the valley . in the bright light of the glisten morning , jabez 's field of corn stand straight and high , the golden banner wave in the breeze , unscathed by the devastating hail of the night before . but in tragic contrast , the neighbor ' field be laid low to the earth , pelt down into worthlessness . jabez , Mary and ma stand by the stone fence , near the road , stare in wonder at the miracle of they stand corn . mary ruine -- all the field -- ruin . ( kneel down as in prayer ) jabez Mary -- but look -- it do not touch a ear of my corn -- we will have a rich harvest . ma stone for unto everyone that hath shall be give -- and he shall have abundance . jabez , lift he head , look at she with a sudden and unpredictable challenge . jabez that 's right , ma ! as he stand there , silent under the bright morning , two farmer , owner of the blast field beyond , pass he on the road , go down to they field . they walk with a discourage slump to they shoulder and lag step . as they come up to jabez he greet they . jabez helloh , hank -- halloh lem -- but they do not answer . they raise they eye and look at he , and then at he prosperous field and then back at he again . they eye seem to bore through he with a burn accusation , and they hardly nod they head in greeting as they trudge on . jabez look after they , conscience - stricken . then he turn abruptly and start back toward he farmhouse . at the " WASHINGTON arm " tavern later that day . a group of farmer be congregate in corner where the bar be locate . some of the farmer we have see before be there -- lem , noah , Tom sharp , and other we have not see , keep on drift in . cy bibber , the host and bartender , be serve drink . lem ( at the bar ) charge I up for another rum , cy . only way I kin forget my trouble . cy bibber sorry , lem , but I will have to count my penny , too . steven ( to bibber ) let he have one more -- on I . ( to lem ) you would think Stone 's stand in good with Providence , somehow . lem my corn 's no more use than a last year 's crow 's nest . steven maybe you would let I help you out a bit . seth seem like someone 's give we the horse - laugh . tom sharp guess you be ripe and ready now to join we grange , eh , boy ? steven now wait a moment , folk ... I can make you some better term . at this point scratch , in farmer 's clothes , enter and come to the bar . cy bibber howdy . scratch howdy . -- never do see such a hail ! Big as bowl ball out my way . break all the winder a ' nearly kill the cat . I will have cider -- hard . ( turn to the other ) boy , I be here with a offer from jabez Stone . lem what 's that ? scratch well -- see as how due to yesterday 's hail , nobody 's get nothing to harvest in he own field , jabez say maybe you could help he harvest he . there be a pause as the farmer look at each other uncomfortably . they feel the humiliation of this , but they know they be in no position to refuse . seth ( bitterly ) never work fer anybody else in my whole life , ' ceptin ' when I be a shaver , and that be for my old man . tom sharp I would not do it . lem well -- dunno -- I will think it over . scratch ( with a smile ) what 's there to think about , boy ? here 's a dollar in advance for every one who will work for jabez . he throw down money on the bar . and now stone's field come to view . the farmer be cut and shocking jabez 's bumper corn crop -- Seth , lem , noah , Tom sharp , and other . jabez ride through the field on he sleek new horse , watch he neighbor harvest he crop . he show a certain condescension toward they which be akin to arrogance . another view of jabez 's field disclose the harvest , in great burst wagon , roll into the barn . the big new barn be fast approach completion . the wagon keep on roll into the barn , watch over by jabez like a Lord of the manor . not only be jabez harvest corn and hay but autumn fruit , too , in abundance . the scene then dissolves to the outside bedroom in the evening while faint festive music be hear -- simple folk - music play on fiddle , fife and banjo mostly . it be come from jabez 's new barn where the harvest festival be in full swing . outside be the great red harvest moon , just rise . jabez go to the close door and listen , put he ear against it . he make as though to rap on the door , but change he mind . he walk away again , digging he hand in he pocket , and pace back and forth . suddenly , ma Stone open the door . jabez ( rush to help ) ma -- be she ? -- ma stone ( complacently ) you will be a father any minute now . jabez ( gulp ) golly , ma -- ( as music from barn swell up ) consarn that music ! should not a-had the harvest festival tonight . ma stone fiddlestick ! she do not hear it . get better music to listen to than that . ( as there be the sudden cry of a newlyborn child ) there -- that 's what I mean . jabez stand spellbound as the strident cry of the child drown out the music of the dance , and ma Stone turn back into the room . presently , jabez , on tiptoe , move to the room , frighten and tremble . the scene dissolves to the other bedroom at night . Mary be lie in a fourposter bed . a may , typically New England , and the doctor be there . the doctor be just place the baby , wrap up in blanket , beside Mary and prepare to leave . thing necessary to a birth be about the room -- kettle and basin of hot water , towel , and other article . Mary look down from she pillow at she baby , parting the cocoon of cover to see its tiny , wrinkle face . jabez tiptoe up to the bed . jabez Mary -- mary ( smile up at he weakly ) hello , jabez -- ( after a pause ) here 's you son . jabez , too emotional to speak , stare down at the baby , a suspicion of moisture in he eye . Mary close she eye , weakly but happily . ma Stone , watch Mary anxiously , speak in whisper to the may . ma stone fetch a bed warmer , dorothy . the may nod and go out . jabez still stand look down on the baby as the doctor be put thing back in he bag . jabez take up the baby , awkwardly , as though handle something make of glass , and step to the window that look out on the new barn . he raise the window and the music come float into the room . he lean from window , hold the baby high in he arm . the new barn at night ( see from jabez 's angle ) : there be a view of the front barn door , throw open , provide a glimpse of the merrymaker inside , dance . group , bath in the light of the moon , stand near the door , talk and laugh . jabez ( call down , boyishly ) hey ! look , everybody ! look here ! it 's a boy ! the group at the door stand transfix for a moment , then they begin to cheer . group hurray for jabez Stone ! more good luck for jabez Stone ! hurray ! jabez Stone and he new son ! the good word travel into the barn . other crowd to the door . musician swing into something gay and triumphant . cup of cider be pass about . they drink to jabez and the new boy -- and to Mary Stone . ma stone ( behind jabez ) Lan 's , shut that window , jabez ! want he to catch he death of cold ? she take the baby away from he . jabez ( a little sheepishly ) well -- I -- I - mary do not be cross with he , ma . this do not happen every day . ma Stone put the baby down beside Mary again , in the curve of she arm . Mary open she eye ; she smile weakly and snuggle she cheek down against the baby . the baby cry and she hush it . ma stone you go down and see what 's keep dorothy . jabez sure , ma . he hurry past the doctor , still collect he thing ; he pat he on the shoulder , as man to man . jabez ( as he go out ) thanks , doctor . the kitchen : in front of the fireplace , with she back turn to the door , a woman be stand . she be look into the fire , seemingly muse over the blink coal . jabez come hurriedly downstairs . jabez ( burst in ) dorothy -- what 's keep you so long ? Mary need that -- he stop and look intently . the woman turn slowly and look he straight in the eye . she be a young , slender woman , with a strange , sultry prettiness ; she be externally demure but underneath there be a definite feel of seethe fire like the coal in the fireplace . she be simply dress but still better dress than any woman we have yet see in the picture . jabez ( take aback ) you be not -- dorothy . the woman ( quietly , in a low tone , musical voice -- unhurry and deliberate ) no . she 's go . jabez ( look about incredulous ) she could not be go ! the woman but she be -- I have take she place . do not you remember -- you write I a letter . Mrs. Stone be too ill . she dig down into the bosom of she gown and produce a letter . she show it to he . jabez stare at it . jabez it -- it look like my hand . she let the letter drop from she hand and it twirl into the fire where it flare up abruptly . the woman I have other recommendation , too , from a very good friend of yours . she make a movement as if to produce they from the same place . jabez ( hoarsely ) never mind . what 's you name ? the woman Belle . jabez Belle -- belle Belle Dee . I be from over the mountain . jabez ( as if hypnotize ) from over the mountain -- jabez continue to look at she and she hold he eye , steadily . ma stone's voice ( call down the stair ) jabez ! jabez ! Belle turn to the fireplace to fill the warming pan with coal . jabez I will take it . belle no -- that 's for I to do . she start for the door pass on she way up ma Stone who have go to show the doctor out . the bedroom as Belle enter the room with the pan : mary ( out of a dream ) jabez -- ? belle ( she voice very gentle and soothing ) I have bring you something to keep you warm , Mrs. Stone -- Belle prop up Mary 's pillow , make they more comfortable , and put the bed warmer in place . Mary simply stare at she . instinctively she arm tighten about she little son . the music from the harvest festival be hear from outside . belle you be not rest well , be you ? I know -- it 's that music . ( she close the window ) you need you sleep . be there anything else you want ? mary ( very gratefully ) no , thank you -- what 's you name ? belle Belle -- mary thank you , Belle -- she leave as ma Stone come in . mary ( dreamily , as she eye close ) what a nice -- and kind girl -- who be she --? ma stone the new girl -- jabez say ; she be from over the mountain . mary what mountain ? then she voice trail off and she sink into sleep . the new barn : the fodder bin and loft space be stuff with the fruit of the harvest . it be a very large barn , represent the prosperity of jabez Stone . now it be brightly light by lantern light and be decorate with sheave of barley , tall stalk of corn , pumpkin and golden leave from the autumn wood . the platform for the musician be at the other end of the barn , and a refreshment table , where cider be be serve , be on one side of the wall . on the opposite side be table , groan with food -- cake , pie , cold meat , sausage , chicken , duck , etc . a square dance be just beginning , as Belle appear , move gracefully through the gay crowd . she have find a gay shawl to drape about she shoulder -- a exotic shawl that might have come into New Hampshire from the cargo of a clipper ship , smell of the Far East and dark port of call . everybody be have a good time except miser Stevens who sit gloomily in a corner . near the musician ' stand , where couple be gather for the next dance , the fiddler be Mr. scratch , and as he look down at Belle , he tuck he fiddle under he sharp chin and begin to play , very softly . Belle stand , she hand loosely clasped on she hip . jabez come up behind she . jabez let 's dance together -- Belle . belle ( turn slowly ) no , jabez -- you place be with you wife -- she smile . the fiddler play a little louder and the other musician pick up the tune . Belle dance forward , alone , and be lead the couple as they start to dance . belle ( gaily ) faster -- faster -- scratch , over he fiddle , smile down at she and nod . belle ( dance on ) faster -- faster -- she breathes this out at jabez as she pass he . the dancer move faster and faster . there be something utterly abandon about it . the harvest moon gleam in at the great door . then the scene fade out . the bedroom , cold moonlight in the room : it be a winter night , and a candle burn beside Mary . between Mary and jabez lie the baby . the baby cry and Mary turn and try to soothe it . mary shh -- go to sleep , little Daniel -- go to sleep . the baby continue to cry . Mary hum a little song to the child . mary ( sing ) potato bug sit on the leaf in the sun , sleep , sleep , my baby -- raccoon sit in the spruce all night , sleep , baby , sleep -- jabez ( who have not be asleep , speak irritably ) what in sugar hill 's the matter with he ? mary nothing , jabez -- just natural for a baby to cry , sometimes . ( as the baby still cry , she try to quiet he again ) shh , little Daniel -- sleep -- sleep -- she continue she song , but it do not help . jabez ( fling back the cover angrily ) consarn it ! he get up . mary jabez ! jabez be get into he trousers . mary where be you go -- ? jabez open the door , still struggle with he clothes , and go out , shutting the door after he . Mary sit up in bed , look bewilder at the close door . mary ( call ) jabez ! jabez ! his footstep dwindle down the stair . a silence . Mary drop back on she pillow . tear start to she eye . she blink they away . the baby keep on cry . the scene dissolves to a country road in winter , the sun shine on the bank of snow . visible now be jabez 's sleigh , the graceful , swan - like kind of 1840 , and jabez 's new , sleek horse be pull it . there be bell on the harness , gaily jingling as the sleigh go skim over the icy road , up hill , then onto a lake , lock in ice . next jabez' sleigh appear at close range and jabez be see drive with Belle , in become winter costume , seat beside he . the keen wind blow against she cheek , redden they into the semblance of Christmas berry , hard and brightly scarlet . her eye glitter like sparklet of frost . jabez wear a coonskin cap and a great winter coat . he be urging on the horse , faster and faster , flick its rump with he whip . jabez ( laugh ) golly , Belle , that be a good idea -- we should do that every morning . belle we will -- jabez laugh . Belle laugh , too , very softly . belle make he go faster , jabez -- faster -- faster -- jabez call to the horse and flick the whip . they skim on toward the lake . the lake be see closer : it be day , and the lake be like a jewel of crystal in a set of black spruce tree . we see the dark figure of a man , on the ice of the lake , stooping over a hole he have cut there . now the sleigh appear on the edge of the lake . jabez ( stand up in sleigh and wave he whip ) hey , you ! hey ! a close view disclose a man by the hole in the ice . bundle up in heavy clothes , the man be fishing . he be pull up a fish through the hole , beside he a pile of fish he have just catch . he turn as he hear jabez 's voice . jabez' voice you can not fish there ! private property ! I be jabez Stone ! I will have the sheriff after you ! the man , frighten , begin to run . he leave he other fish behind he , but hold onto he line with a fish dangle to it . he run across the ice , slip , fall , get up again and run . he plunge into the spruce on the other side of the lake . a close view of jabez 's sleigh disclose Belle laugh as she watch the man run and fall on the ice . jabez be still stand up in the sleigh , brandish he whip and laugh , too . he drop back in the sleigh again as the man disappear . jabez ( still laugh ) it 's wonderful to frighten people like that -- and watch they run . as jabez pick up the fish the scene dissolves to the kitchen , where a bright fire be burn in the fireplace . ma Stone be stand by the doorway to the stair , dress in she Sunday clothes , wear she new shawl , and put on she bonnet . the baby be lie in its cradle by the fire . ma stone ( call upstairs ) Mary ! ready ? first bell 's a-ring ! mary ( come downstairs ) yes , ma -- I be ready -- she enter the room , dress in " Sunday - best " also . the baby whimper and Mary start toward the cradle , but before she get there , jabez and Belle enter . they be dress as we last see they in the sleigh , and they face be ruddy from the wind over the snow . Belle instantly cross to the cradle ; she throw off she heavy wrap and kneel beside the baby , croon to it , and the baby stop cry . jabez stride to the table and throw the fish down on it . jabez ( turn to Mary ) good morning , Mary . bring some fish for we . want you to cook them for breakfast . Mary turn and look at he , she soft eye fill with pain and confusion . ma stone she will do nothing of the kind ! she 's go to church with I , right away ! mary ( voice shaking ) jabez -- for the good of you soul ... please come with we . jabez I want you to fix this fish ! ma stone and I say she will not ! I will not have the scorn of God on this place -- with the smell of fish in it , pollute up the sabbath ! ( turn to Belle ) and as for you -- let I tell you , young woman ...! Church bell be hear faintly . mary come along , ma. second bell 's a-ring . Mary cross to ma Stone and they go , close the door behind they . we hear Mary and ma drive away in the buggy . jabez we will cook them ourselves . you will help I , Belle . belle of course I will . at this moment , the front door open and Stevens enter . steven mornin ' , jabez ... jabez hello , Stevens ... you be early today . steven yes , I want to get here before the other .... I want to talk to you alone . jabez some other time , Stevens . jabez hurry about the room , arrange chair and pull out a table from the wall . he seem to know exactly what to do , from long practice . he go to the cupboard , bring out some bottle of rum and hard cider and cup , and go to a drawer in the table and produce a dice box and dice . there be a rap on the back door , and Belle go gracefully to the door and open it , make a low curtsy . squire slossum , Aaron coffin , the heavy - set banker of Cross corner , and two other silent , poker - face man sneak in . squire and other ( the squire beat he cold hand together ) good morning , m'am -- good morning , jabez . jabez and belle good morning . belle sit down , gentleman . squire ( ogling she ) thanks , m'am . he sit , pompously , at the head of the table . the other sit about the same table . jabez draw up a chair , too , and take up the dice box , rattling the dice . squire I almost forget -- he bring out a roll of bill and hand they reluctantly over to jabez . jabez I hope you will have better luck today , squire . jabez count the bill , avidly and over - carefully , hold some up to the light to see that they be not counterfeit ; then pocket the bill . he begin to roll the dice as each man silently stack up he betting money before he . the game proceed , and Belle serve the rum and hard cider , watch the man as they play . suddenly the baby begin to cry again . Belle go to it instantly , and take it up from the cradle and rock it in she arm . she croon to it . the song she croon be a french lullaby . it have a strange , haunt melody , and the french word fall curiously in that New England kitchen . squire ( again ogling she ) you french ? belle ( look at he through half - close eye ) no -- I be not anything . she go on sing . jabez you game , squire ! there be a commanding rap on the door . the player be startle , and they pause . belle ( look out the window ) sheriff 's come -- Belle very calmly go to the door . jabez come in , sheriff . sheriff jabez -- seem like I have be hearing talk around . reverend harper think more Cross corner folk oughter be in church , sabbath morning . jabez Belle , give the sheriff a cup of rum . the cross corner church , with the congregation assemble : it be the very end of the service . the severity and serenity of the sabbath peace lie like a bless over the bow head of the faithful . in the third pew we see ma Stone and Mary , with a empty place beside they . voice of minister almighty God , who hast give we this good land for we heritage ; we humbly beseech thee that we may always prove ourselves a people mindful of thy favor and glad to do thy will . save we from discord and confusion ; from pride and arrogancy , and from every evil way ... mary save jabez from pride and arrogancy , and from every evil way . voice of minister in the time of prosperity , fill we heart with thankfulness , and in we day of trouble , suffer not we trust in thee to fail -- amen . voice of congregation ( in unison ) amen . they lift they head . the church bell begin to peal . another service be end . the kitchen : the bell peal through this and now faintly come to the ear of the player , among they the sheriff . they look up . the last dice be roll quickly . money be gather in ; debt be pay . silently , and in haste , the guest collect they coat and hat and muffler . they begin to file out the door . squire good-bye , Stone -- next Sunday , as usual . he smile unctuously at Belle and go out . when they be all go , jabez close the door . Belle be put away the table and the cup and jug . jabez hide the card . Belle return to she care of the baby . she sit demurely down on a low stool beside the cradle and begin to rock it , hum softly to the child . the bell from Cross corner gradually stop ringing over the snow - lock countryside . jabez draw up a chair to the table and begin add up he winning in he account book and ledger . he hunt for the date in a old - fashioned almanac ... find it ... put he finger on it . we see jabez 's finger turn the page of the almanac -- the leave turn swiftly , and we see the year drop away , faster and faster -- leave of the year fall from the tree of time . blueprint of a house ( jabez Stone 's mansion ) appear . jabez 's hand make note and correction . detail of the front view of the new house appear until finally the full view of the mansion be see over the shoulder of a man on horseback , dress for fox hunt . Workmen be still put the finish touch on the new house . Furniture be carry in through the door . the man on horseback slowly turn he head -- it be jabez Stone . he look back at the old farm where he be bear . then the scene fade out . the exterior of the farmhouse fade in . it be morning , and ma Stone , in she regular old work clothes , grimly stick to they in a spirit of defiance , be tend she flower bed and " herb " garden , near the side porch , transplant tender new slip . her sleeve be roll up and she arm and hand be cover with good earth . she be kneel over a flower bed . jabez 's little son Daniel be with she . daniel granny , when do we move to the new house ? ma stone move ? -- we be not go to move -- the old one be good enough for we . daniel but I like the new one better . ma stone that 's just too bad -- Daniel , very cautiously , take out he beanshooter . a mother hen and she chick come around the side of the house , peck up bug and worm from ma Stone 's garden . Daniel load he mouth with dry bean and aim the beanshooter at the chicken . he make a direct hit on the old mother hen . she squawk and fly up in the air with a great flap of wing . the chick cheep frantically and run about . ma stone ( startle out of she skin ) Lan 's to goodness , what happen to that hen ? do you use that beanshooter again ? daniel ( all innocence ; hide the beanshooter ) I do not , grandma . mary ( come from kitchen door behind they ) yes , you do , Daniel ! I see it from the window . and then to lie about it ! give I that beanshooter , Daniel ! daniel ( jump up and dance away ) it 's mine , ma ! pa make it for I -- and I be not go to give it to anyone ! mary ( reach for it ) Daniel give I that beanshooter ! daniel ( attack Mary ) no ! no ! I will not . mary Daniel ! ... ( catch he ) I have stand just about as much as I can bear ! Mary drag the yowling Daniel toward the woodsh that be not far from the kitchen door ; a sort of lean - to on the rest of the house as be the custom then . at this moment jabez ride up on horseback with Belle beside he . jabez what happen .... where be you take he ? mary I be go to lock he up . jabez ( dismount ) you be not suppose to punish my son , Mary . belle that 's my business . -- now , it 's all right , Daniel . ( to Mary as Daniel continue to cry ) what do he do ? mary he lie to I again . daniel I do not ! belle ( to Mary ) he never lie to I . ( to Daniel ) do not cry , Daniel -- I believe you . you be always a very good boy and -- now come along . she lead he into the house . mary ( to jabez ) jabez -- how can you let she talk like that when the boy be present ? he will not respect I any more . jabez ( coldly ) be not that you own fault ? mary my fault ? ... oh , jabez -- all I want be to be proud of he . he can be such a fine boy , if we show he how to be . jabez he 's my son and I like he the way he be . why do you always have to pick on he ? if it 's not the boy it 's I . you do not like the way I live -- you do not like my friend , or my new house -- or anything . mary but jabez , I never say that ! jabez it show on you face . mary well -- I be worried about the way you have change . that be one thing you say you would never do -- remember ? jabez oh , for heaven 's sake , leave I alone ! Daniel and Belle be come out of the house . jabez pick he up . jabez come on , Daniel -- we will go fox hunt in the upper pasture . daniel hurray ! ( pull out beanshooter from he pocket and wave it ) I be go to shoot the old fox dead with my beanshooter . jabez , laugh , lift Daniel on he horse . daniel ( call to ma Stone ) grandma , look at I ! ma stone ( squinting up at he but still squatting beside the flower bed ) I see you ! Riding pretty high , be not you ? look out you do not fall off . daniel not I ! ( pretend to balance himself , use he arm ) jabez , Daniel and Belle ride off . ma stone ( to Mary ) Fox hunt -- a Stone go fox hunt on a week day -- and the earth cry out for the touch of he ! mary now , ma -- you just try to set a example for I , and keep hold of yourself . ma stone ( rise from flower bed ) me? why , look here , Mary Stone -- I be worried about you , that 's all . mary worried about I ! well , you just stop it ! ma stone what 's that ? mary ( something steely in she voice ) I say you should stop worry because I have make up my mind ! she turn and go quickly into the house . ma Stone look after she , concerned .... the scene dissolves to a road through marshfield on daniel webster' farm in the late afternoon : this be a fair , fertile countryside , and all about be the green field , smile under June sky . Mary be see drive jabez 's old buggy up the road . a farmhand with button-like black eye and a friendly smile be walk along the road . mary ( stop the horse ) Mr. webster 's place ? farmhand yes , m'am -- musta come many a long mile , m'am . horse look tired -- move like cold molass . mary yes -- we have come a long way -- all the way from Cross corner to see Mr. webster . I hope he 's at home . farmhand yes , m'am -- he 's here . the field of the west two hundre , disclose webster mow he clover field , two farmhand , giant young man , work with he . old farmhand's voice ( call through this ) hey there , dan'l ! Black Da nol ! webster ( pull in the oxen ; turn toward road and call lustily ) hullooo ! old farmhand's voice someone to see you , Da nol ! webster if it 's the british Minister , take he around to the pantry and give he some madeira -- old farmhand's voice just someone from New Hampshire ! webster ( shouting ) why , that 's different ! ( to the other farmhand ) well , boy , I guess we will knock off . I have get to see a friend . he turn over the oxen to the other man and start stride across the field . the scene dissolves to the dine room at marshfield that evening . it be a splendid big room of the period , full of comfortable live and good cheer . webster be at the head of the board and Mary sit at he right . a generous meal have just be eat . they have finish they dessert , with most of the dish clear away . webster well Mary , it 's too bad I do not know -- I would have give you a real dinner , but with my wife be in Washington -- have another piece of pie -- ( start to cut a generous slice ) mary no , really , thank you . -- be Mrs. webster come back soon ? webster well -- she hardly ever come here -- she 's not the type of woman who care to live in the country . yes -- I be all on my own -- sometimes it make you feel a little lonely -- ( he pull out a big cigar ) do you mind if I indulge ? mary of course not -- webster no , you would not -- you be not the sort of woman that 's afraid of smoke -- or fire -- but now let 's talk about you affair . mary goodness , Mr. webster , I have do nothing but talk about that all through dinner . webster yes , you have chatted a lot , woman - like nibble around the edge -- but , Mary , forgive a old lawyer 's legal mind , I do not think you ever once come to the point . and there be a point , be not there ? mary why -- yes -- it 's hard to put it into word , Mr. webster . there 's this matter of little Daniel 's schooling and the new house -- and well -- there 's something else that 's wrong -- it get worse , year after year -- it 's like a shadow grow -- I can not really talk about it , even to ma -- she put it all on jabez and I will not stand for that . webster I have hear some odd thing about jabez lately -- he seem to make the wrong kind of name for himself . mary Mr. webster , you must not believe all that people say . webster you do not have to defend he to I , Mary -- I have be call name myself . mary you see , I do not care if we be rich or poor -- I do not care if we be big or small , all I care about be jabez . he be the first man I love . he never use to care about money -- we be poor as job 's turkey , but none of we minded . now I have see he drive the poor from the door , and we use to be poor ourselves . I have see he get hard and mean , and he be not hard or mean . I have hear he mock at the church bell -- the bell that ring for we wedding . that 's not like he , Mr. webster -- it must be my fault somehow -- my fault . webster Mary -- you have talk to I as you might have talk to you father and I believe he want I to help you a little . you see , sometimes we think we be lick in this life -- but we be not put here to be lick . do not you believe it . sometimes the shadow seem to get hold of we -- the shadow and the evil -- but it be still up to we to fight . now I be think before you come , of come over to Cross corner end of the month , to get acquainted with my godson -- and other thing . mary ( breathlessly ) oh , could you , Mr. webster ? webster and now come on , Mary . I want to show you the all - fire biggest parsnip in the whole United States , raise right here in marshfield -- of course ! he link arm with she , in a warm , affectionate , fatherly manner and walk she toward the door . the scene dissolves to the hall of jabez' new house at night : the last finish touch be be do by the workmen . for that part of the country , the house be ostentatious to the last degree . perhaps it be borrow freely from the Adams period . jabez stand in front of a mirror , get a fitting from the tailor , who be just about to take off the sleeve from the evening coat jabez be wear . Belle be look on . jabez look all right ! -- do you have to tear it all down again ? tailor I be sorry , sir -- that 's part of the fitting . jabez well , as long as you have it ready for the party -- ( to Belle ) look , Belle -- that will give the folk something to talk about -- belle ( correct he ) the people , jabez -- the people . jabez the -- folk or people , what 's the difference among friend ? the squire come in . jabez howdy , squire ! howdy ! oh -- how do you do , squire . squire how do you do , Belle ? how be you , jabez ? ( look about , very much impressed ) well -- mighty elegant house you get here . jabez you really think so ? now two workmen come through the room , carry a billiard table . jabez ( to the workmen ) hey , you ! watch out there -- you be scuffing my Brussels carpet -- consarn they . belle jabez ! careful -- jabez oh -- ( confuse ) do not mean to talk like that in front of a lady . ( to Belle ) get some wine for the squire , Belle . squire well , jabez -- I be a little press for time . you want to discuss something -- some business -- jabez oh yes -- yes . wo not take a minute . can you keep a secret ? squire why of course -- jabez Da nol webster be come to my party . squire Da nol webster ? jabez yes -- and that 's the reason I want to talk with you . you get my invitation ? squire yes . jabez ( take out a paper ) now look -- here 's a list of the people I invite -- they be all the right kind of people -- or do I miss anybody ? squire ( glance over the list ) the only one you miss -- be the President . jabez you think that 's a joke ? I have he on there too , but I be afraid dan'l webster might feel insulted . the squire make a move to return the list . jabez you keep that -- that 's for you . I want you to talk up the party to make sure that the best folk really come . squire you want I to go around -- jabez yes siree -- that 's the idea . get they all here and then say : " look , folk -- here 's Daniel webster , my guest of honor . " golly , I can see they eye pop already . squire you mean that 's all you have I come out here for ? jabez now , squire , you be not go to let I down . we still want to do a lot of business together , do not we ? squire well -- yes -- jabez that 's fine . now you can tell people all about the house , but do not mention webster . squire you be not so sure that he will come . jabez oh yes -- I be -- want to bet ? squire why not -- ? jabez how much ? squire 5000 -- that 's just what I owe you . jabez ( extend he hand ) shake ! they shake hand . the scene dissolves into a road to cross corner . it be day , and a carriage draw by two magnificent horse appear , drive by webster . the carriage be bring to a stop as it reach little Daniel who be read a handbill from a circus . webster ( call ) hello , Colonel ! want a lift ? daniel well , I would not mind . ( as he run up to carriage ) but my name 's Daniel Stone . webster all right , Daniel . jump in . Daniel do so , and they drive along the road . in webster' carriage as webster and Daniel be drive along the road toward Cross corner . daniel gee -- that Fair -- webster it have not open yet ? daniel no -- but I can hardly wait -- mister -- tell I , will there really be -- ( spelling it out ) -- a man that eat fire ? webster guess there will , if it say so . daniel and two unpara -- unparalleled cir-cass -ian beauty ? what be that ? webster Young man -- you get I there . daniel ( look at the handbill again ) ' N Daniel webster will be there . webster ( chuckle ) a varied list of attraction . and which would you like to see first , Da nol ? daniel I think I would like to begin with the fire - eater -- webster and what about Daniel webster ? daniel well , I think he would come in the middle . webster ( laugh ) and serve he right ! webster be drive faster now . he talk softly to the horse . Daniel fumble in he coat pocket and slyly bring out he inevitable beanshooter . he put bean in he mouth and when webster be not look , blow a bean at the rear of one of the horse . the horse shy . webster turn and catch Daniel before he can hide the beanshooter . webster Daniel ! do not ever let I catch you do that again ! daniel why ? it do not hurt . webster it do hurt ! and do not you do it again . a pause . webster urge on the horse as he choose not to say anything more . the horse fly along the road . daniel make they go faster , mr.... ? webster no , Daniel -- they be not race horse . they be good old friend of mine . I call them constitution and Bill of rights , the most dependable pair for long journey . I have get one call Missouri compromise , too , and then there 's a Supreme Court -- fine , dignify horse , though you do have to push he now and then . daniel golly -- I would like to see all you horse ! webster maybe you can , sometime , Daniel . I be a farmer , you know , and like to show my farm -- but the thing I would like to show you most , you will have to see for yourself . daniel what 's that , sir ? webster well -- it 's high and it 's wide and it go a long way and there be a wind blow through it and a blue roof over it -- it 's the hill up here and the river run south and the new States grow in the West . daniel anybody can see that . webster you be wrong , Mr. Stone . there be people who live and die without e'er see it . they can not see the country for the money in they pocket -- and some think they state 's the country , or the way they live be the country , and they be willing to split the country because of that . well , I hope you will meet all that , when you be grow . you will meet the fire -eater and the circassian beauty -- that 's part of the fair , to be sure . but if we would have to depend on they , in a permanent way , the country would have stop at the Allegheny mountain . daniel but it do not stop . I know it do not stop . granny tell I it do not . webster no , siree , it do not . and it will not -- no matter what happen -- just as long as the folk at the fair believe in freedom and Union . so -- ( to the horse ) giddyap , constitution -- and let 's keep go , Mr. Stone . they drive ahead . daniel ( shouting excitedly ) faster -- faster -- he take out he beanshooter and use it again on the horse . webster bring the buggy to a stop . webster ( grab Daniel more firmly ) I think this be come to you , young man ! -- he turn he over he knee , take the boy completely by surprise . webster I tell you not to do that again . he begin to spank he . Daniel yowl . at the inn in cross corner , with a crowd of farmer : the crowd ( call ) Black dan'l ! hurray for Daniel webster ! the Union and Black dan'l ! hip , hip , hurray ! they rush forward . and now we see webster 's carriage . webster be just finish spanking Daniel as the rest of the crowd surround the carriage to greet he . a close view reveal the boy , Daniel , sprawle across webster 's knee . he look up with tear- stain face as he hear the magic name of Daniel webster ! his eye open wide . he stare . then , in complete humiliation , he escape through the crowd . -- now we see webster as the squire approach he . webster well -- well -- what 's this ? I think I would meet you all down there at jabez Stone 's house - warming . I hope you do not wait for I to lead the parade . squire not exactly , Mr. webster . -- we want to have a little chat with you before we go to the party . do you mind have a drink with we ? webster do I mind have a drink with you , gentleman ? what a question to ask Daniel webster ! webster climb from he carriage and go to the inn follow by the squire and the rest of the crowd . the scene dissolves to the kitchen of the old farmhouse at night : ma Stone be sit by the window shelling peas . she interrupt she work to peer out into the darkness . step be hear above and as ma turn around Mary appear at the foot of the stair in she party dress . there be a moment of silence . ma stone so you have make up you mind to go to the party . mary you be not angry with I ? ma stone ah , fiddlestick -- you be old enough to know what you be do . they go to the door . the front yard : as Mary walk away through the darkness ma stand in the doorway look after she . ma stone ( call ) be sure to let I know if Daniel be over there . mary I will not forget . Mary walk on as ma look after she . in the distance we see the flicker of the light in the new house . the scene dissolves to the reception room of jabez' new mansion , move up impressive front stair and through the great door into the hall with its grand staircase , and then into a reception room . here be find a great many of the treasure that jabez have bragge about . servant of every description be wait , and a small orchestra be in one corner , tuning up . there be a decide air of pretentiousness about it all , contrast pointedly with the dance in jabez 's barn , year before . Mary , dress in a simple but become party gown , move quietly about , see that all be correct and in readiness -- a demure and charming hostess , hide she real feeling quite successfully , for the moment . jabez enter , just have come downstairs , dress to " kill . " he go to a full - length mirror on the wall , tie he cravat . there be something utterly pompous about he , at the same time tragic in its implication . jabez ( look at he watch , then turn to Mary ) why do not they come -- mary ( helpless ) I do not know , jabez . jabez walk up and down , wait . suddenly he turn to the orchestra . jabez play some music -- something gay and jolly . the orchestra start to play . then jabez , after another interval of nervous wait , turn to Mary again . jabez think this room be larger than anything webster 's get at marshfield ? you have be there . what about it , Mary ? mary it 's -- different , jabez -- that 's all . jabez ( look again at be watch ) what 's the matter with them ? why do not they come ? Little Daniel come run down the stairway , follow by Belle who be dress elaborately for the party . jabez do not take any notice of the boy , be so worried . he continue to walk up and down . mary Daniel , you ought to be in bed . daniel no , no , I do not want to go to bed . I want to be here for the party . he run from the room . jabez in he walk approach the window , where face appear press against the glass . jabez ( to Belle ) what be that people do there ? what do they want ? belle they be just outsider . they want to see how fine jabez Stone life this day . they be wait for you guest , too -- jabez turn away from the window and as he pass the orchestra , which have just finish a piece , he relieve he tension by shouting at they . jabez consarn it -- I be pay you for play -- so keep on play . the musician hurriedly start to play another selection . but , before they can begin , a bell be hear . it crack the silence . jabez jump to attention and Belle move from the window . Mary stand stiffly , as a servant , or lackey , hurry to the great front door . the orchestra strike up , triumphantly . a lackey hurry to the door and open it . a small , pinch figure in rusty black , stand on the great step . it be Stevens . he take off he old beaver , stove - pipe hat and cringe in , step with a obsequious air . the lackey take he hat which he hardly want to let go . he cross to Mary . Mary make a curtsy and Stevens take she hand , eager for the warmth of it . mary welcome , Mr. Stevens -- steven good evening , Mrs. Stone . nervous and cring , he cross the threshold and enter the reception room . the reception room : Stevens cross to jabez . steven good evening -- I be sorry , jabez -- I be a little late . jabez no , you be not . steven ( look around ) where 's everybody ? jabez I dunno -- I can not figure it out . I have invite they all . why do not they come ? daniel they be all at the inn . I have see they .... Mr. webster 's there , too .... the scene dissolves to the inn in cross corner , where webster be sit with Tom sharp , eli higgins , hank and a number of other farmer around a table . webster be look over a number of contract -- the same which the farmer sign with jabez . tom sharp ( to hank ) show Mr. webster that foul contract you get with jabez Stone . hank produce a wear bit of legal paper and hand it over to webster . webster compare it with the other contract . webster he 's certainly make himself the big frog in the little puddle around here , have not he ? farmer and it all look so simple when it start -- like get loan for nothing . ( to Tom sharp ) I should have listen to you , Tom . webster ( slowly ) well -- he 's get you , I be afraid -- get you sew up tight in he money pocket . guess you have sell you soul , gentleman ! the scene dissolves to the reception hall in stone's mansion , where the situation have not change -- no guest be there but miser Stevens . Belle go over to Mary who be still wait at the foot of the stair to play she part as the hostess . belle I see why you be here -- you know that nobody be come . mary I do not . belle you be lie . mary lying to you -- why should I ? belle you know that you be in my house . mary I know -- and you could show I the door . you would , too , if you be not still hope the guest might arrive . belle you think you be so smart , Mrs. Stone . you want to be near jabez . it look like you big chance tonight , but you be wrong , you can not win he back -- not that way . mary that 's my problem , Belle . and she walk away . Stevens be sit at the table . jabez sit next to he , just dismiss the little boy , Daniel . jabez now run along , Daniel . steven ( as Daniel leave ) what a fine boy you have , jabez . how old be he now ? jabez almost seven . ( correct himself quickly ) no -- no , he 's not seven yet I be sure -- steven well -- it seem to I -- I remember when you pay I -- steven ( interrupt quickly ) oh , never mind -- let 's have a drink . Stevens look strangely . jabez what 's the matter with you ? steven you be afraid ! jabez afraid ... of what ? steven -- of what happen after we die ! jabez be you plumb crazy , man ! what do you think happen ? we be bury -- that 's all . steven but what become of we soul ? jabez why do you fret about something that be not there ? steven ( with a frantic note in he voice ) do not say that -- I know it be -- jabez ( swigging down another drink ) all right -- so it 's bury with you ! steven what if one have not a soul any more ? what of that ? jabez ( disturb ) huh ? -- what 's that ? ( a pause ; he gulp , then hurry on ) well -- what about it ? who care , anyhow ? steven I do -- and I think you should too . jabez ( suddenly , excited ) Stevens -- what 's all this lead up to ? you know something . come on ! out with it -- you know something about I ! at this moment they be interrupt . Men and woman with common face , the same face we have see behind the window , be pour in . Belle lead they . the guest , who have flock around , bow to jabez . jabez ( to Belle ) who be this people ? belle they be all friend of mine -- from over the mountain . ( to the crowd ) welcome ! help yourselves to drink ! glad you could come ! have a good time . jabez , dumbfounded , shake hand with people he have never see before . Stevens be shove aside . the orchestra begin a strange dance tune , and Belle glide over gracefully to Stevens . belle let 's dance , Mr. Stevens . steven ( frighten ) no -- no -- I can not dance -- belle oh , yes -- you can dance with I . I will guide you -- ( take he hand ) you see -- it be all so easy -- like that -- ( and she take a few step ) you see -- so easy -- they begin to dance , slowly at first , around the room . other be dance -- the strange , thinly - clad people in they heavy boot that clump over the fine oak floor . Mary stand in the doorway , watch miserably , see jabez drink more rum , laugh loudly -- all this to cover he grow fear , and Mary know that . the hallway , just in front of the big outside door : there be a rap on the door and Mary rush to it , get there before the lackey can . she open the door herself and webster come in . mary ( take he hand ) oh -- Mr. webster -- I be so glad you come ! webster ( peer at she eager but distress face ) be you , Mary ? well , I guess I be glad myself -- see as how you feel this way . ( he look into reception room , at the whirling dancer ) Party seem to be quite a success . ( with a wry smile ) lot of guest , anyhow . Mary look at he and webster see that she eye be moist and that she lip tremble . she might say something ; might break the shell of she New England reserve , but before that can happen , jabez come strutting out . his face be flushed from rum and he eye be unnaturally bright . he come to webster , he hand thrust forward . jabez well -- Mr. webster ! this be a great day for I . come on in , sir . I want you to take the seat of honor and meet all my guest ! webster that 's just fine , neighbor Stone -- but -- I have to be pretty careful of my seat of honor -- where I sit , I mean . you see , the whole country sort of have its eye on I , jabez -- anybody in public life have that difficulty -- even you , jabez . they watch we carefully , we neighbor and we enemy , and they see much more than we think they do -- and understand much more . my friend all like to think that I have get the good of mankind always at heart , and I have get to make sure that that I deal with have the good of mankind always at heart , too . do you know what I be talk about , jabez ? jabez what -- what 's on you mind ? webster you , jabez Stone -- you and a lot of poor farmer , hereabout -- good man of the earth who be in trouble because of you . or -- be I wrong about that contract , Mr. Stone ? jabez contract ? -- yes , they have contract with I -- lot of them -- but -- but that 's all right . without I and my money , they would not have anything . webster they would have a good neighbor , jabez -- and that 's worth much more than anything else -- much , much more ! jabez laugh uproariously . webster shake he head with the wisdom of real sadness in he eye . webster I be sorry you can not see that , I know you could once -- you make a little speech once , that I will always remember and I know the other do too -- they remember and they see how you have change . that 's why they do not want to come tonight to you , jabez -- you be as blind as a burma bat , with you gold pot ! mind you , it 's not the money , I have be talk about , it 's what you make of it . jabez I -- I do not know what you be talk about ! I -- I have not time to listen to all this -- webster ( still shaking he head ) no -- you have not time -- you have not time for you mother , or you wife , or you child . jabez ( turn on Mary ) it 's you fault ! you bring Daniel webster here -- just to try to make a fool of I ! you play the sneak behind my back -- make up all sort of lie against I ! you can get yourself out of my home -- go back to the other house -- that old place , where you belong -- I do not want to -- to talk to you again ! over he shoulder , in the doorway to the reception room , the whirling dancer pass and Belle , still dance with Stevens , be see for a moment . webster ( calmly , gently , to Mary ) come along , Mary -- Mary go to he and they move to the door . Little Daniel , frighten by the strange , motley dancer come run out of the reception room into the hall . mary Daniel -- you come with I . Mary take he hand . webster , Mary and Daniel go out of the house ; down the stair and the door close with a bang . jabez turn and call into the reception room where amidst the other guest , Belle dance with Stevens . jabez Belle ! she do not listen -- the music be play faster and louder . jabez ( to a footman ) Close the window and make a fire . ( as the footman leave ) Belle !! Belle ! a voice what be it ? jabez turn around and see scratch stand in the doorway to the reception room . scratch why , Mr. Stone , you look so worried . can I be of any service ? jabez ( face scratch ) you promise I prosperity , happiness , love , money , friendship -- scratch ( interrupt ) just a minute , neighbor Stone . I promise you money and all that money can buy . I do not recall any other obligation . but let 's look at the contract . he take out a large black pocketbook , stuff with paper . he flick papers over , read the name : scratch sherwin , slattery , Stevens , Stone -- but something have flutter from he pocketbook -- a small white thing that look like a moth -- the soul of miser Stevens . it flutter toward jabez . jabez catch it in he hand and close he finger , hold it tightly . a thin small voice be hear -- the soul of miser Stevens , speak from jabez 's hand . soul of steven neighbor ! neighbor Stone ! help I ! jabez ( astound ) that 's miser Stevens ' voice ! -- miser Stevens -- scratch ( smile ) .... miser Stevens ' soul , Mr. Stone . yes -- I be sorry for the disturbance . jabez he be not dead -- he 's dance in there . scratch he be -- he step near and drape a big bandana handkerchief over jabez 's hand and transfer the soul to the handkerchief , and start tie the end together . jabez look into the reception room . it 's empty , except for the dead body of Stevens lie on the floor . scratch in the midst of life -- one really hate to close this long stand account . but business be business . jabez 's eye fix on the bandana . jabez ( hoarsely ) be they all as -- small -- as that ? scratch small ? oh , I see what you mean . why , they vary . ( look at jabez ) now a man like Daniel webster , if I ever get hold of he , I would have to build a special box for he and even at that , I imagine , the wing spread would be astonish . ( look again at jabez ) in you case -- jabez my time be not up yet . and , as he turn around , the scene change quickly , to the stone farm at the blast tree that bear the date of jabez 's doom . jabez be hack blindly at the tree trunk with a ax . he be make little headway . Mr. scratch be stand beside he . scratch try to break we contract again , Mr. Stone ? jabez ( furiously hack away ) I be through with you . scratch what a headstrong fellow ! well -- I guess you be quite prepare to suffer the consequence . jabez I have still a year -- a year to make up for everything . scratch oh no , you violate clause five of we contract and I could collect right now , if I choose . jabez ( desperately ) not now ! not now ! -- let I make up -- let I make up . scratch suddenly you seem quite desperate , Mr. Stone -- ( a pause ) -- you know I be a good - nature man . I be always open to reason . with a little security -- I might -- jabez anything -- anything . -- you can have it all back -- that money -- the new house -- my farm -- the whole caboodle ! scratch I be afraid that 's hardly the sort of security I be think of -- ( after a pause ) you see -- there be that promise little fellow , you son ... jabez ( violently ) no! no! no ! not he -- not my son -- I would rather go with you -- right now . scratch come , come , Mr. Stone , you be a little upset . it 's not fair to bargain with you now . -- I will give you until midnight , Mr. Stone , but not one minute more . ah , then you will come with I indeed . and scratch disappear . jabez turn and run from the tree , off into the night , in the direction of the old farmhouse . the exterior of the old farmhouse : the place be dark , forlorn - look , almost desolate in contrast to the false gaiety of the mansion . we follow jabez as he come run from the tree , along the path to the house . he burst into the kitchen door . now we see jabez inside the farmhouse as he run upstairs into the bedroom , call frantically . jabez Daniel ! ... Daniel ! Mary ! he look frantically about ; he call again and run downstairs , as the scene move with he into the kitchen . it , too , be empty and dark . he call once more : jabez Mary ! ... Daniel ! the scene move with he as he run outside . jabez then come run out , more wildly than ever ; this time in the direction of the barn . in the old barn , where jabez first meet Mr. scratch . jabez come run in . he pause , panting ; he look about he , helplessly , hopelessly . jabez ( desperate ) Mary ... Daniel ... no answer . suddenly he sink down on a old barrel and bury he head in he hand , groan in mortal agony . ma Stone enter from the rear door . she carry a smudge lantern . ma stone my son ... what 's the matter ? jabez ( look up ) ma! ... ( jump up and go to she ) where 's Mary ... and little dan'l ? ma stone go with Daniel webster -- to marshfield , son .... you tell Mary to go -- she stop , not wishing to add to he pain , but look at he twisted face with great understanding and compassion . jabez turn to one of the stall and bring out a horse . ma Stone hold up the lantern , he leap on the horse and ride off . now there be view of : a stretch of road in the direction of marshfield as webster , with Mary and Daniel beside he on the front seat of the carriage , be drive on toward marshfield . another part of the road , farther back , with jabez riding on -- he horse gallop . finally we see another section of the same road as jabez catch up to webster 's carriage . Mary sit beside webster , hold the boy in she lap . jabez Mr. webster ... wait ! ... ( as webster slow down , and jabez ride up ) Mary ! mary ( turn on front seat ; with a glad cry ) jabez ! jabez Mary ! come back ... mary ( happily to jabez ) oh , jabez ! ... ( to webster ) do you hear , Mr. webster ? -- now you will help he , will not you ? webster I will fight ten thousand devil to save a New Hampshire man . webster turn the horse about and start back . the scene dissolves to the exterior and the interior of jabez' old barn , a short time later : jabez and webster , make they way through a crowd of farmer , enter the barn . throughout the barn be thick darkness , pierce only by the uncertain light from a farm lantern . the corner , loft and stall be pool of night . webster it 's here you say that you close the deal with he ? jabez yes , Mr. webster -- it be here where it all begin . webster I see . and this be where he would like to collect , too . jabez yes -- at midnight . mary ( come in through the front door ) jabez ... webster ( come over to Mary , stop she at the door ) Mary -- what love and trust could do for you husband , you have do . and frankly , in a very few moment , this be go to be no place for a lady . mary Mr. webster -- you will help he ? webster I will do my best , Mary . jabez you must go now , Mary -- you must ! mary all right , jabez ... she turn and exit quickly . webster they make plucky woman in New England . ( he consult he watch , hold it near the lantern ) h be ... how long have we to wait ? jabez ( try to control himself ; look at he watch ) not long -- now . webster ( go over to feed - bin where a dusty jug reposis in the hay ) then I will just christen the jug , with you permission , Stone . somehow or other , wait 's wonderfully short with a jug . he take the jug over to a plank laid between two saw-horse and pour himself a drink into one of the cup Mary bring . he taste it . webster h be -- old medford . he smack he lip ; sit down on a barreltop . there be a few other barrel place about the crude table . webster there 's nothing like it . I see a inchworm take a drop of it once , and he stand right up on he hind leg and bit a bee . come -- try a nip ! jabez there 's no joy in it for I . webster oh , come , man , come . just because you have sell you soul to the devil that need not make you a teetotaler . he take another swig of medford . there be a knock at the rear door ; a subtle kind of knock that be different from anything else of its kind . webster come in . scratch enter . he carry he collect - box under he arm . scratch ( suavely ) Mr. webster , I presume ? webster Attorney of record for jabez Stone . might I ask you name ? scratch scratch will do for the evening . May I -- join you ? he slide easily onto a barrel - top by the makeshift table and pour a drink from the jug then lift he cup and toast jabez and webster silently . he drink deeply . webster why , certainly -- but be careful , Mr. scratch -- medford rum have a uncanny habit of kick back , even with old - timer like yourself . ( he sip he medford ) scratch ( with a soft chuckle ) it even kick back -- once at you , do not it ? webster ( profess indignant surprise ) I ? scratch oh .. not that you ever get drunk ! no , indeed ! but a kind of overpower lassitude or , more plainly , a deep and envelop sleep . webster there be not enough medford rum in the whole of New Hampshire to make I sleepy . ( he deliberately drink again ) scratch talk have never prove that question , Mr. webster ! ( he drain he cup ) Cup for cup -- what do you say ? webster ( immediately ) Cup for cup ! they pour and drink and smack they lip at each other . scratch well now , Mr. Stone , do you make up you mind ? jabez about what ? scratch be you willing to give I you son in exchange for a extension of we contract ? jabez never ! the stone farmhouse kitchen where ma Stone be busy make a pie . Mary stand by the window . she turn from it as little Daniel come run downstairs in he nightgown and bare foot . daniel mama ! mary Daniel ! ... you must go to sleep . daniel ( throw he arm around she ) I do not want to be up there all alone , mama .... I want to be with you . mary all right , darling . voice be hear outside , and there be a quick rap at the window . ma stone ( to Mary ) you see who it be . I have to get my pie in the oven . Mary open the door . there be Tom sharp and a few farmer outside . tom sharp jabez 's new house be a-burn down ! ma stone ( call from the stove ) well , you just let it alone ... the consarn thing oughter burn ! she close the window on they astonished face , and turn to Mary with she head toss and she lip purse . the barn , with webster and scratch still drink . with a chuckle , scratch rise , perfectly steady on he nimble leg . webster sit at the table , a trifle slump . scratch you spirite effort on behalf of you client do you credit , Mr. webster -- if you have no more argument to adduce I will take he along now . webster not so fast , Mr. scratch . produce you evidence -- if you have it . scratch ( take out the pocketbook ) there , Mr. webster . ( pass it to he ) all open and above- board and in due and legal form . webster ( look over the deed ) h be . this appear -- I say appear -- to be properly draw . but you shall not have this man ! a man be not property ! Mr. Stone be a american citizen , and no american citizen may be force into the service of a foreign prince . scratch foreign ? and who call I a foreigner ? webster well , I never hear the dev - - of you claim american citizenship . scratch and who with better right ? when the first wrong be do to the first indian , I be there . when the first slaver put out for the congo , I stand on the deck . be I not speak of , still , in every church in New England ? ' tis true , the North claim I for a southerner , and the South for a northerner , but I be neither . to tell the truth , Mr. webster , though I do not like to boast of it , my name be older in the country than yours . webster then I stand on the constitution ! I demand a trial for my client . scratch you mean -- a jury trial ? webster I do ! if I can not win this case with a jury , you shall have I , too . if two New Hampshire man be not a match for the devil , we would better give this country back to the Indians . scratch ( smile ) very well . -- you shall have you trial , Mr. webster . the case be hardly one for a ordinary jury -- webster let it be the quick or the dead -- so it be a american judge and a american jury ! scratch the quick or the dead ! you have say it . ( he raise the cup again to webster ) May -- the best man win , Mr. webster ! webster I will drink to that , Mr. scratch ! webster raise he glass also . both drink deeply , scratch watch webster closely , to see the effect . then scratch go to a door in a dark corner of the floor that open into a cellar . he throw the door back and a black hole yawn at he foot . a ruffian in pioneer dress , Captain kidd , appear , other follow . scratch you must pardon the leathery toughness of one or two ... Captain kidd -- he kill a man for gold ; Simon girty -- the renegade ; he burn man for gold ; Governor Dale -- he break man on the wheel ; asa , the Black monk -- he choke they to death ; floyd ireson and stede bonnet , the fiendish butcher ; walter butler -- the King of the massacre ; Big and Little Harp -- robber and murderer ; teach , the cutthroat ; Morton , the vicious lawyer ... and ... General benedict Arnold -- you remember he , no doubt . dastard , liar , traitor , knave -- Americans all ... they now go toward the stall that in a crude way resemble a jury box . now in the kitchen of stone's old farmhouse , ma Stone sit by the fire , read from the big family Bible , Mary at she side . it be still night . ma stone ( read from psalm 102 ) " hide not thy face from I in the day when I be in trouble ; incline thine ear unto I ; in the day when I call answer I speedily . for my day be consume like smoke , and my bone be burn as a hearth . my heart be smitten , and withere like grass ; so that I forget to eat my bread . but thou , o Lord , shalt endure forever ; and thy remembrance unto all generation . " then , back in the old barn , we see that the jury have fill up the stall that serve as a jury box . they sit silently in shadow , real and yet at the same time , unreal . justice hawthorne , a tall , lean , terrifying puritan appear . clerk ( in a gabble ) oye , oye , oye ! this trial tream of the Midnight Court of the State of New Hampshire in the County of Franklin , be now in session . justice hawthorne preside . oye , oye , oye ! the Devil versus jabez Stone ! hawthorne who appear for the plaintiff ? scratch I , you honor . hawthorne and for the defendant ? webster I . hawthorne be you content with the jury , Mr. webster ? webster I object to General benedict Arnold , you honor , for be a flagrant traitor to the great american cause .... hawthorne ( cut it short ) objection deny ! the prosecution will proceed . scratch ( step out briskly ) you honor -- gentleman of the jury -- this case need not detain we long . it concern one thing alone -- the transference , barter and sale of a certain piece of property , to wit , he soul by jabez Stone . that transference , barter or sale be attest by a deed . I offer that deed in evidence and mark it exhibit a . webster I object . hawthorne objection deny . Mark it exhibit A. scratch hand the deed to the clerk who hand it to hawthorne . scratch I shall now call jabez Stone to the witness stand . clerk jabez Stone to the witness stand ! webster give jabez a encourage pat on the hack , and jabez take he place in the witness stand , which be a empty corn-crib . he look scared . the eye of the jury fasten upon he . scratch jabez Stone -- do you or do you not sign this document ? jabez ( sweat ) yes , I do -- but you trick I into signing it ! you tell I my soul be nothing ... that I could forget all about a soul , in exchange for money . that be a lie , a lie , a lie . scratch ( only smile ) that be highly irrelevant to this case , you honor . hawthorne ( nodd sagely ) leave out the soul . proceed . scratch I would like to ask Mr. Stone whether or not I faithfully fulfil my part of the contract ? do not I give you seven year of good luck and prosperity ? do not I make you the richest man in the country ? jabez yes -- yes , I be the richest man -- too rich . I can not think of anything but money . that 's the trouble with I . scratch ( smile ) but , Mr. Stone , I be hardly to blame for the prick of you wholly unnecessary conscience . ( he hold out deed ) be this you signature ? jabez ( almost shouting ) you know darn well it be . scratch ( turn to the jury ) gentlemen , the prosecution rest . hawthorne do the jury wish to consider the case ? they do not speak . hawthorne it appear they do not . take you man , Mr. scratch . scratch move toward jabez who shrink back . the jury sit motionless . webster I protest , you honor ! I wish to cross-examine -- to prove -- hawthorne there will be no cross-examination in this court ! scratch you honor , you will lose a great experience if you do not let he speak . there be only one Daniel webster . hawthorne ( to webster ) you may speak , if you like , but be brief . ( as webster step forward ) and let I warn you , Mr. webster -- if you speak and fail to convince we , then you , too -- ( point he finger ) -- be doom ! there now appear a close view of Daniel webster . his face show he struggle to concentrate . voice of jury drag he down with we -- drag he down with we . jabez' voice save yourself , Mr. webster -- do not speak ! scratch' voice ( ironically ) " there be not enough medford rum in the whole of New Hampshire to make I sleepy . " voice of jury lose and go -- lose and go -- a bell stroke and music . webster ( he voice mount over it all ) be still ! the timbre of he mighty voice stop the murmur , and the music and bell stroke recede . a breathless silence ensue . he be face the jury , he eye like anthracite , seem to burn through the murk . webster gentlemen of the jury -- it be my privilege to be address tonight a group of man I have long be acquainted with in song and story , but man I have never hope to see . he pause . they stare back at he , eye fix , and benedict Arnold start to raise he head . webster my worthy opponent , Mr. scratch , have call you Americans all , and Mr. scratch be right -- you be Americans all ! oh , what a heritage you be bear to share ! gentlemen of the jury , I envy you ! for you be there at the birth of a mighty Union . it be give to you to hear that first cry of pain -- and to behold the shine babe that be bear of blood and tear . tonight , you be call upon to judge a man name jabez Stone . what be he case ? he be accuse of breach of contract -- he make a deal to find a short cut in he life -- to get rich quickly .... the same deal all of you once make . ( a pause ) you , benedict Arnold ! ... I speak to you first , because you be better know than all you other colleague here . what a different song yours could have be ! a friend of Washington and lafayette -- a soldier -- General Arnold , you fight so gallantly for the american cause , till -- what be the date ? oh , yes -- in 1779 , a date burn in you heart . Arnold bow he head again . webster the lure of gold make you betray that cause . another pause as he word sink in ; then he whirl about and point at Simon girty . webster you , Simon girty , now know to all as renegade ! a loathsome word -- you also take that other way . ( step along the jury box ) you , walter butler -- what would you give to have another chance to let the grasses grow in cherry Valley without the stain of blood ? -- you , Captain kidd , and you , Governor Dale -- I could go on and name you all , but there 's no need of that . why stir the wound ? I know they pain enough . ( he voice rise ) all of you be fool like jabez Stone -- fool and trap in you desire to rebel against you fate . gentlemen of the jury -- it 's the eternal right of man to raise he fist against he fate , but every time he do he stand at crossroad . you take the wrong turn and so do jabez Stone . but he find out in time . he be here tonight to save he soul . gentlemen of the jury , I ask that you give jabez Stone another chance to walk upon the earth , among -- the tree , the grow corn , the smell of grass in spring -- what would you give for one more chance to see that thing that you must all remember and often long to feel again ? for you be all man once . clean american air be in you lung -- you breathe it deep , for it be free and blow across a earth you love . this be common thing I speak of , small thing , but they be good thing . yet without you soul they be nothing . without you soul they sicken . Mr. scratch tell you that you soul be nothing and you believe he . it have cost you you freedom . freedom be not just a big word -- it be the bread and the morning and the rise sun . it be for freedom we come in boat and ship to this shore . it have be a long journey , a hard one , a bitter one . there be sadness in be a man , but it be a proud thing , too . out of the suffer and the starvation , the wrong and the right , a new thing have come , a free man . when the whip of the oppressor be break , and they name forget and destroy , free man will be walk and talk under a free star . yes , we have plant freedom here in this earth like wheat . we have say to the sky above we , " a man shall own he own soul . " now -- here be this man -- he be you brother ! you be Americans all , you cannot -- ( point at the devil ) -- take he side -- the side of the oppressor . let jabez Stone keep he soul -- this soul which do not belong to he alone , which belong to he son -- he family -- he country . gentlemen of the jury -- do not let this country go to the devil ! free jabez Stone ! God save the United States and the man who have make she free ! a long pause . the jury do not stir . webster step back , go to the table and sit down , quietly . the pause hold for a moment longer , and then hawthorne speak : hawthorne the jury will consider its verdict . he hand the deed to the foreman of the jury . they form a little circle and put they head together . jabez look at they , the sweat of he agony in bead on he forehead . scratch only smile . slowly the jury turn again and the foreman tear up the deed . hawthorne the jury find for the defendant . a long-drawn crow of a cock be hear . scratch ( wryly to webster ) my congratulation -- as between two gentleman . webster ( catch scratch by the collar ) why , you long - barrel , slab-side , lantern - jaw , note-shave crook , be off with you ... he run scratch to the door and kick he out . the yard outside of the barn : Morning light be shine . scratch be tear out of the barn . he turn and call back : scratch you will never be president -- I will see to that ! he practically thumb he nose . but the farmer rush in and chase scratch out through the gate . he run wildly down the road . immediately outside the barn door : Mary be just fling she arm around jabez . mary jabez -- jabez ! jabez Mary ! webster you be worried , jabez , be not you ? jabez well , I -- webster I know -- that be mighty queer medford -- know it the minute I taste it . but it take more than that to down Daniel webster . mary ( turn to he and clasp he hand ) you have do it , Mr. webster -- God bless you ! and as they stand together , jabez run toward the house . outside the kitchen , ma Stone be busy set the breakfast table that be under a apple tree in the yard . jabez come run to she gleefully , like a boy let loose from school . jabez ma -- ma -- it 's all right , ma! ma stone ( still busy with she table , in matter - of - fact tone ) of course it 's all right , son . you have Daniel webster , do not ye ? ( call out loudly ) Breakfast 's ready ! ( to jabez ) I have make a special surprise for Mr. webster . the exterior of jabez stone's farm , near the old barn . webster , with the jug of medford rum under he arm , be surround by the farmer include Tom sharp , and eli higgins . they be give three cheer for webster . tom sharp hurrah for Black Da nol ! webster do not make so much of a trifle , my friend ! jabez ( join the group ) ma say breakfast 's ready , Mr. webster ! webster Breakfast ... ah ! ... come along friend , ma Stone 's a cook this side of heaven . he hook he arm into jabez 's and they go up toward the house . Tom sharp walk next to jabez . outside the kitchen as they all sit down . webster be at the head of the table , the jug of medford beside he chair . jabez sit next to Mary , and next to Mary sit little Daniel . tom sharp jabez -- will you join we grange now ? jabez why , thank you , Tom . I be go to ask you if you think I could . tom sharp we will be mighty glad to have you with we . webster there be nothing like a good old country breakfast . where 's ma? mary she will be here in a moment . she have a special surprise for you . ma Stone bring out a huge cover dish from the kitchen and set it before webster with pride . webster ( sniff it ) Peach pie ! ma smile , but do not answer . webster lift the cover and find a empty dish . everybody be dumbfounded . ma stone what the D -- ? and on cross road we see scratch , in he buggy , hold a big peach pie in he hand and munch it lustily as the scene fade out . screenplay by Dan totheroh and Stephen Vincent benet