shrek written by William steig &amp ; Ted Elliott shrek once upon a time there be a lovely princess . but she have a enchantment upon she of a fearful sort which could only be break by love 's first kiss . she be lock away in a castle guard by a terrible fire - breathe dragon . many brave knight have attempt to free she from this dreadful prison , but non prevaile . she wait in the dragon 's keep in the high room of the tallest tower for she true love and true love 's first kiss . ( laugh ) like that 's ever gonna happen . what a load of - ( toilet flush ) allstar - by smashmouth begin to play . shrek go about he day . while in a nearby town , the villager get together to go after the ogre . night - near shrek' home man1 think it 's in there ? man2 all right . let 's get it ! man1 whoa. hold on . do you know what that thing can do to you ? man3 yeah , it will grind you bone for it 's bread . shrek sneak up behind they and laugh . shrek yes , well , actually , that would be a giant . now , ogre , oh they be much worse . they will make a suit from you freshly peel skin . men no ! shrek they will shave you liver . squeeze the jelly from you eye ! actually , it 's quite good on toast . man1 back ! back , beast ! back ! I warn ya ! ( wave the torch at shrek . ) shrek calmly lick he finger and extinguish the torch . the man shrink back away from he . shrek roar very loudly and long and he breath extinguish all the remain torch until the man be in the dark . shrek this be the part where you run away . ( the man scramble to get away . he laugh . ) and stay out ! ( look down and pick up a piece of paper . read . ) " want . Fairy tale creature . " ( he sigh and throw the paper over he shoulder . ) the next day there be a line of fairy tale creature . the head of the guard sit at a table pay people for bring the fairy tale creature to he . there be cage all around . some of the people in line be Peter Pan , who be carry tinkerbell in a cage , gipetto who 's carry pinocchio , and a farmer who be carry the three little pig . guard all right . this one 's full . take it away ! move it along . come on ! get up ! head guard next ! guard ( take the witch 's broom ) give I that ! you fly day be over . ( break the broom in half ) head guard that 's 20 piece of silver for the witch . next ! guard get up ! come on ! head guard twenty piece . little bear ( cry ) this cage be too small . donkey please , do not turn I in . I will never be stubborn again . I can change . please ! give I another chance ! old woman oh , shut up . ( jerk he rope ) donkey oh ! head guard next ! what have you get ? gipetto this little wooden puppet . pinocchio I be not a puppet . I be a real boy . ( he nose grow ) head guard five shilling for the possess toy . take it away . pinocchio Father , please ! do not let they do this ! help I ! gipetto take the money and walk off . the old woman step up to the table . head guard next ! what have you get ? old woman well , I have get a talk donkey . head guard right . well , that 's good for ten shilling , if you can prove it . old woman oh , go ahead , little fella . donkey just look up at she . head guard well ? old woman oh , oh , he 's just ... he 's just a little nervous . he 's really quite a chatterbox . talk , you bonehead dolt ... head guard that 's it . I have hear enough . Guards ! old woman no , no , he talk ! he does. ( pretend to be donkey ) I can talk . I love to talk . I be the talkingest damn thing you ever see . head guard get she out of my sight . old woman no , no ! I swear ! oh ! he can talk ! the guard grab the old woman and she struggle with they . one of she leg fly out and kick tinkerbell out of Peter Pan 's hand , and she cage drop on donkey 's head . he get sprinkle with fairy dust and he 's able to fly . donkey hey ! I can fly ! peter pan he can fly ! 3 little pig he can fly ! head guard he can talk ! donkey ha , ha ! that 's right , fool ! now I be a fly , talk donkey . you might have see a housefly , maybe even a superfly but I bet you be not never see a donkey fly . ha , ha ! ( the pixie dust begin to wear off ) uh-oh . ( he begin to sink to the ground . ) he hit the ground with a thud . head guard seize he ! ( donkey take of run . ) after he ! guard he 's get away ! get he ! this way ! turn ! donkey keep run and he eventually run into shrek . literally . shrek turn around to see who bump into he . donkey look scared for a moment then he spot the guard come up the path . he quickly hide behind shrek . head guard you there . ogre ! shrek aye ? head guard by the order of Lord farquaad I be authorize to place you both under arrest and transport you to a designate resettlement facility . shrek oh , really ? you and what army ? he look behind the guard and the guard turn to look as well and we see that the other man have run off . the guard tuck tail and run off . shrek laugh and go back about he business and begin walk back to he cottage . donkey can I say something to you ? listen , you be really , really , really something ' back here . incredible ! shrek be you talkin ' to ... ( he turn around and donkey be go ) I ? ( he turn back around and donkey be right in front of he . ) whoa ! donkey yes . I be talkin ' to you . can I tell you that you that you be great back here ? that guard ! they think they be all of that . then you show up , and bam ! they be trippin ' over themselves like babe in the wood . that really make I feel good to see that . shrek oh , that 's great . really . donkey man , it 's good to be free . shrek now , why do not you go celebrate you freedom with you own friend ? hmm ? donkey but , uh , I do not have any friend . and I be not goin ' out there by myself . hey , wait a minute ! I get a great idea ! I will stick with you . you be mean , green , fightin ' machine . together we will scare the spit out of anybody that cross we . shrek turn and regards donkey for a moment before roaring very loudly . donkey oh , wow ! that be really scary . if you do not mind I sayin' , if that do not work , you breath certainly will get the job do , ' cause you definitely need some tic tacs or something , ' cause you breath stink ! you almost burn the hair outta my nose , just like the time ... ( shrek cover he mouth but donkey continue to talk , so shrek remove he hand . ) ... then I eat some rotten berry . I have strong gas leak out of my butt that day . shrek why be you follow I ? donkey I will tell you why . ( sing ) ' Cause I be all alone , there 's no one here beside I , my problem have all go , there 's no one to deride I , but you gotta have faith ... shrek stop sing ! it 's no wonder you do not have any friend . donkey wow . only a true friend would be that cruelly honest . shrek listen , little donkey . take a look at I . what be I ? donkey ( look all the way up at shrek ) uh ... really tall ? shrek no ! I be a ogre ! you know . " grab you torch and pitchfork . " do not that bother you ? donkey nope . shrek really ? donkey really , really . shrek oh . donkey man , I like you . what 's you name ? shrek uh , shrek . donkey shrek ? well , you know what I like about you , shrek ? you get that kind of I - do not - care - what - nobody - think - of - I thing . I like that . I respect that , shrek . you all right . ( they come over a hill and you can see shrek 's cottage . ) whoa ! look at that . who would want to live in place like that ? shrek that would be my home . donkey oh ! and it be lovely ! just beautiful . you know you be quite a decorator . it 's amazing what you have do with such a modest budget . I like that boulder . that be a nice boulder . I guess you do not entertain much , do you ? shrek I like my privacy . donkey you know , I do too . that 's another thing we have in common . like I hate it when you get somebody in you face . you have try to give they a hint , and they will not leave . there 's that awkward silence . ( awkward silence ) can I stay with you ? shrek uh , what ? donkey can I stay with you , please ? shrek ( sarcastically ) of course ! donkey really ? shrek no . donkey please ! I do not wanna go back there ! you do not know what it 's like to be consider a freak . ( pause while he look at shrek ) well , maybe you do . but that 's why we gotta stick together . you gotta let I stay ! please ! please ! shrek okay ! okay ! but one night only . donkey ah ! thank you ! ( he run inside the cottage ) shrek what be you ...? ( donkey hop up onto a chair . ) no ! no ! donkey this be gonna be fun ! we can stay up late , swappin ' manly storey , and in the mornin ' I be makin ' waffle . shrek oh ! donkey where do , uh , I sleep ? shrek ( irritate ) outside ! donkey oh , well , I guess that 's cool . I mean , I do not know you , and you do not know I , so I guess outside be best , you know . here I go . good night . ( shrek slam the door . ) ( sigh ) I mean , I do like the outdoors . I be a donkey . I be bear outside . I will just be sit by myself outside , I guess , you know . by myself , outside . I be all alone ... there 's no one here beside I ... shrek' cottage - night shrek be get ready for dinner . he sit himself down and light a candle make out of earwax . he begin to eat when he hear a noise . he stand up with a huff . shrek ( to donkey ) I think I tell you to stay outside . donkey ( from the window ) I be outside . there be another noise and shrek turn to find the person that make the noise . he see several shadow move . he finally turn and spot 3 blind mouse on he table . blind mouse1 well , gent , it 's a far cry from the farm , but what choice do we have ? blind mouse2 it 's not home , but it will do just fine . gordo ( bounce on a slug ) what a lovely bed . shrek get ya . ( grab a mouse , but it escape and land on he shoulder . ) gordo I find some cheese . ( bite shrek 's ear ) shrek ow ! gordo blah ! awful stuff . blind mouse1 be that you , gordo ? gordo how do you know ? shrek enough ! ( he grab the 3 mouse ) what be you do in my house ? ( he get bump from behind and he drop the mouse . ) hey ! ( he turn and see the Seven dwarve with snow White on the table . ) oh , no , no , no . Dead broad off the table . dwarf where be we suppose to put she ? the bed 's take . shrek huh ? shrek march over to the bedroom and throw back the curtain . the Big bad Wolf be sit in the bed . the wolf just look at he . big bad wolf what ? time lapse shrek now have the Big bad Wolf by the collar and be drag he to the front door . shrek I live in a swamp . I put up sign . I be a terrifying ogre ! what do I have to do get a little privacy ? ( he open the front door to throw the Wolf out and he see that all the collect Fairy Tale creature be on he land . ) oh , no . no! no ! the 3 bear sit around the fire , the pie piper be play he pipe and the rat be all run to he , some elve be direct flight traffic so that the fairy and witch can land ...etc . shrek what be you do in my swamp ? ( this echoe and everyone fall silent . ) gasp be hear all around . the 3 good fairy hide inside a tent . shrek all right , get out of here . all of you , move it ! come on ! let 's go ! hapaya ! hapaya ! hey ! quickly . come on ! ( more dwarve run inside the house ) no , no ! no , no . not there . not there . ( they shut the door on he ) oh ! ( turn to look at donkey ) donkey hey , do not look at I . I do not invite they . pinocchio oh , gosh , no one invite we . shrek what ? pinocchio we be force to come here . shrek ( flabbergasted ) by who ? little pig Lord farquaad . he huffed and he puffed and he ... sign a eviction notice . shrek ( heavy sigh ) all right . who know where this farquaad guy be ? everyone look around at each other but no one answer . donkey oh , I do . I know where he be . shrek do anyone else know where to find he ? anyone at all ? donkey me! I ! shrek anyone ? donkey oh ! oh , pick I ! oh , I know ! I know ! I , I ! shrek ( sigh ) okay , fine . attention , all fairy tale thing . do not get comfortable . you welcome be officially wear out . in fact , I be gonna see this guy farquaad right now and get you all off my land and back where you come from ! ( pause . then the crowd go wild . ) oh ! ( to donkey ) you ! you be comin ' with I . donkey all right , that 's what I like to hear , man . shrek and donkey , two stalwart friend , off on a whirlwind big-city adventure . I love it ! donkey ( sing ) on the road again . sing it with I , shrek . I can not wait to get on the road again . shrek what do I say about sing ? donkey can I whistle ? shrek no. donkey can I hum it ? shrek all right , hum it . donkey begin to hum ' on the Road again ' . duloc - kitchen a mask man be torture the gingerbread man . he 's continually dunking he in a glass of milk . Lord farquaad walk in . farquaad that 's enough . he 's ready to talk . the gingerbread man be pull out of the milk and slam down onto a cookie sheet . farquaad laugh as he walk over to the table . however when he reach the table we see that it go up to he eye . he clear he throat and the table be lower . farquaad ( he pick up the gingerbread man 's leg and play with they ) run , run , run , as fast as you can . you can not catch I . I be the gingerbread man . gingerbread man you be a monster . farquaad I be not the monster here . you be . you and the rest of that fairy tale trash , poisoning my perfect world . now , tell I ! where be the other ? gingerbread man eat I ! ( he spit milk into farquaad 's eye . ) farquaad I have try to be fair to you creature . now my patience have reach its end ! tell I or I will ... ( he make as if to pull off the gingerbread man 's button ) gingerbread man no , no , not the button . not my gumdrop button . farquaad all right then . who 's hide they ? gingerbread man okay , I will tell you . do you know the muffin man ? farquaad the muffin man ? gingerbread man the muffin man . farquaad yes , I know the muffin man , who life on drury Lane ? gingerbread man well , she 's marry to the muffin man . farquaad the muffin man ? gingerbread man the muffin man ! farquaad she 's marry to the muffin man . the door open and the head Guard walk in . head guard my lord ! we find it . farquaad then what be you wait for ? bring it in . more guard enter carry something that be cover by a sheet . they hang up whatever it be and remove the sheet . it be the Magic Mirror . gingerbread man ( in awe ) ohhhh ... farquaad Magic mirror ... gingerbread man do not tell he anything ! ( farquaad pick he up and dump he into a trash can with a lid . ) no ! farquaad even . Mirror , mirror on the wall . be this not the most perfect kingdom of they all ? mirror well , technically you be not a king . farquaad uh , thelonius . ( thelonius hold up a hand mirror and smashes it with he fist . ) you be say ? mirror what I mean be you be not a king yet . but you can become one . all you have to do be marry a princess . farquaad go on . mirror ( chuckle nervously ) so , just sit back and relax , my lord , because it 's time for you to meet today 's eligible bachelorette . and here they be ! bachelorette number one be a mentally abuse shut - in from a kingdom far , far away . she like sushi and hot tubbing anytime . her hobby include cooking and clean for she two evil sister . please welcome cinderella . ( show picture of cinderella ) bachelorette number two be a cape-wear girl from the land of fancy . although she life with seven other man , she 's not easy . just kiss she dead , freeze lip and find out what a live wire she be . come on . give it up for snow White ! ( show picture of snow White ) and last , but certainly not last , bachelorette number three be a fiery redhead from a dragon - guard castle surround by hot boil lava ! but do not let that cool you off . she 's a load pistol who like pina colad and get catch in the rain . your for the rescue , princess Fiona ! ( show picture of princess Fiona ) so will it be bachelorette number one , bachelorette number two or bachelorette number three ? guard two ! two ! Three ! Three ! two ! two ! Three ! farquaad Three ? one ? Three ? thelonius Three ! ( hold up 2 finger ) pick number three , my lord ! farquaad okay , okay , uh , number three ! mirror Lord farquaad , you have choose princess Fiona . farquaad princess Fiona . she 's perfect . all I have to do be just find someone who can go ... mirror but I probably should mention the little thing that happen at night . farquaad I will do it . mirror yes , but after sunset ... farquaad silence ! I will make this princess Fiona my queen , and duloc will finally have the perfect king ! Captain , assemble you finest man . we be go to have a tournament . ( smile evilly ) duloc parking lot - lancelot section shrek and donkey come out of the field that be right by the parking lot . the castle itself be about 40 storey high . donkey but that 's it . that 's it right there . that 's duloc . I tell ya I would find it . shrek so , that must be Lord farquaad 's castle . donkey uh-huh . that 's the place . shrek do you think maybe he 's compensate for something ? ( he laugh , but then groan as donkey do not get the joke . he continue walk through the parking lot . ) donkey hey , wait . wait up , shrek . man hurry , darling . we be late . hurry . shrek hey , you ! ( the attendant , who be wear a giant head that look like Lord farquaad , scream and begin run through the row of rope to get to the front gate to get away from shrek . ) wait a second . look , I be not gonna eat you . I just - - I just - - ( he sigh and then begin walk straight through the row . the attendant run into a wall and fall down . shrek and donkey look at he then continue on into duloc . ) duloc they look around but all be quiet . shrek it 's quiet . too quiet . where be everybody ? donkey hey , look at this ! donkey run over and pull a lever that be attach to a box mark ' information ' . the music wind up and then the box door open up . there be little wooden people inside and they begin to sing . wooden people welcome to duloc such a perfect town here we have some rule let we lay they down do not make wave , stay in line and we will get along fine duloc be perfect place please keep off of the grass shine you shoe , wipe you ... face duloc be , duloc be duloc be perfect place . suddenly a camera take donkey and shrek 's picture . donkey wow ! let 's do that again ! ( make ready to run over and pull the lever again ) shrek ( grab donkey 's tail and hold he still ) no. no . no , no , no ! no . they hear a trumpet fanfare and head over to the arena . farquaad brave knight . you be the best and brightest in all the land . today one of you shall prove himself ... as shrek and donkey walk down the tunnel to get into the arena donkey be hum the duloc theme song . shrek all right . you be go the right way for a smack bottom . donkey sorry about that . farquaad that champion shall have the honor - - no , no - - the privilege to go forth and rescue the lovely princess Fiona from the fiery keep of the dragon . if for any reason the winner be unsuccessful , the first runner - up will take he place and so on and so forth . some of you may die , but it 's a sacrifice I be willing to make . ( cheer ) let the tournament begin ! ( he notice shrek ) oh ! what be that ? it 's hideous ! shrek ( turn to look at donkey and then back at farquaad ) ah , that 's not very nice . it 's just a donkey . farquaad indeed . Knights , new plan ! the one who kill the ogre will be name champion ! have it he ! men get he ! shrek oh , hey ! now come on ! hang on now . ( bump into a table where there be mug of beer ) crowd go ahead ! get he ! shrek ( hold up a mug of beer ) can not we just settle this over a pint ? crowd kill the beast ! shrek no ? all right then . ( drink the beer ) come on ! he take the mug and smashes the spigot off the large barrel of beer behind he . the beer come rush out drench the other man and wetting the ground . it 's like mud now . shrek slide past the man and pick up a spear that one of the man drop . as shrek begin to fight donkey hop up onto one of the larger beer barrel . it break free of it 's rope and begin to roll . donkey manage to squish two man into the mud . there be so much fight go on here I be not go to go into detail . suffice to say that shrek kick butt . donkey hey , shrek , tag I ! tag I ! shrek come over and bang a man 's head up against donkey . shrek get up on the rope and interact with the crowd . shrek yeah ! a man try to sneak up behind shrek , but shrek turn in time and see he . woman the chair ! give he the chair ! shrek smashes a chair over the guy back . finally all the man be down . donkey kick one of they in the helmet , and the ding sound the end of the match . the audience go wild . shrek oh , yeah ! ah ! ah ! thank you ! thank you very much ! I be here till Thursday . try the veal ! ha , ha ! ( laugh ) the laughter stop as all of the guard turn they weapon on shrek . head guard shall I give the order , sir ? farquaad no , I have a better idea . people of duloc , I give you we champion ! shrek what ? farquaad congratulation , ogre . you be win the honor of embark on a great and noble quest . shrek quest ? I be already in a quest , a quest to get my swamp back . farquaad you swamp ? shrek yeah , my swamp ! where you dumped that fairy tale creature ! farquaad indeed . all right , ogre . I will make you a deal . go on this quest for I , and I will give you you swamp back . shrek exactly the way it be ? farquaad down to the last slime - cover toadstool . shrek and the squatter ? farquaad as good as go . shrek what kind of quest ? time lapse - donkey and shrek be now walk through the field head away from duloc . shrek be munch on a onion . donkey let I get this straight . you be gonna go fight a dragon and rescue a princess just so farquaad will give you back a swamp which you only do not have because he fill it full of freak in the first place . be that about right ? shrek you know , maybe there 's a good reason donkey should not talk . donkey I do not get it . why do not you just pull some of that ogre stuff on he ? throttle he , lay siege to he fortress , grind he bone to make you bread , the whole ogre trip . shrek oh , I know what . maybe I could have decapitate a entire village and put they head on a pike , get a knife , cut open they spleen and drink they fluid . do that sound good to you ? donkey uh , no , not really , no . shrek for you information , there 's a lot more to ogre than people think . donkey example ? shrek example ? okay , um , ogre be like onion . ( he hold out he onion ) donkey ( sniff the onion ) they stink ? shrek yes - - no ! donkey they make you cry ? shrek no ! donkey you leave they in the sun , they get all brown , start sproutin ' little white hair . shrek no! layer ! onion have layer . ogre have layer ! onion have layer . you get it ? we both have layer . ( he heave a sigh and then walk off ) donkey ( trail after shrek ) oh , you both have layer . oh. { sniffs} you know , not everybody like onion . cake ! everybody love cake ! cake have layer . shrek I do not care ... what everyone like . ogre be not like cake . donkey you know what else everybody like ? parfait . have you ever meet a person , you say , " let 's get some parfait , " they say , " Hell no , I do not like no parfait " ? parfait be delicious . shrek no ! you dense , irritate , miniature beast of burden ! ogre be like onion ! and of story . bye-bye . see ya later . donkey parfait may be the most delicious thing on the whole damn planet . shrek you know , I think I prefer you hum . donkey do you have a tissue or something ? I be make a mess . just the word parfait make I start slobbering . they head off . there be a montage of they journey . walk through a field at sunset . sleep beneath a bright moon . shrek try to put the campfire out the next day and have a bit of a problem , so donkey pee on the fire to put it out . dragon' keep shrek and donkey be walk up to the keep that 's suppose to house princess Fiona . it appear to look like a giant volcano . donkey ( sniff ) ohh ! shrek ! do you do that ? you gotta warn somebody before you just crack one off . my mouth be open and everything . shrek believe I , donkey , if it be I , you would be dead . ( sniff ) it 's brimstone . we must be get close . donkey yeah , right , brimstone . do not be talk about it 's the brimstone . I know what I smell . it be not no brimstone . it do not come off no stone neither . they climb up the side of the volcano / keep and look down . there be a small piece of rock right in the center and that be where the castle be . it be surround by boil lava . it look very forebode . shrek sure , it 's big enough , but look at the location . ( laugh ... then the laugh turn into a groan ) donkey uh , shrek ? uh , remember when you say ogre have layer ? shrek oh , aye . donkey well , I have a bit of a confession to make . donkey do not have layer . we wear we fear right out there on we sleeve . shrek wait a second . donkey do not have sleeve . donkey you know what I mean . shrek you can not tell I you be afraid of height . donkey no , I be just a little uncomfortable about be on a rickety bridge over a boil like of lava ! shrek come on , donkey . I be right here beside ya , okay ? for emotional support . , we will just tackle this thing together one little baby step at a time . donkey really ? shrek really , really . donkey okay , that make I feel so much better . shrek just keep move . and do not look down . donkey okay , do not look down . do not look down . do not look down . keep on move . do not look down . ( he step through a rotting board and end up look straight down into the lava ) shrek ! I be lookin ' down ! oh , God , I can not do this ! just let I off , please ! shrek but you be already halfway . donkey but I know that half be safe ! shrek okay , fine . I do not have time for this . you go back . donkey shrek , no ! wait ! shrek just , donkey - - let 's have a dance then , shall I ? ( bounce and sway the bridge ) donkey do not do that ! shrek oh , I be sorry . do what ? oh , this ? ( bounce the bridge again ) donkey yes , that ! shrek yes ? yes , do it . okay . ( continue to bounce and sway as he back donkey across the bridge ) donkey no , shrek ! no! stop it ! shrek you say do it ! I be doin ' it . donkey I be gonna die . I be gonna die . shrek , I be gonna die . ( step onto solid ground ) oh ! shrek that will do , donkey . that will do . ( walk towards the castle ) donkey cool . so where be this fire- breathe pain - in- the-neck anyway ? shrek Inside , wait for we to rescue she . ( chuckle ) donkey I be talkin ' about the dragon , shrek . inside the castle donkey you afraid ? shrek no. donkey but ... shrek shh . donkey oh , good . I neither . ( see a skeleton and gasp ) ' Cause there 's nothin ' wrong with bein ' afraid . fear 's a sensible response to a unfamiliar situation . unfamiliar dangerous situation , I might add . with a dragon that breathes fire and eat knight and breathes fire , it sure do not mean you be a coward if you be a little scared . I sure as heck be not no coward . I know that . shrek donkey , two thing , okay ? shut ... up . now go over there and see if you can find any stair . donkey stair ? I think we be lookin ' for the princess . shrek ( put on a helmet ) the princess will be up the stair in the high room in the tallest tower . donkey what make you think she will be there ? shrek I read it in a book once . ( walk off ) donkey cool . you handle the dragon . I will handle the stair . I will find that stair . I will whip they butt too . that stair will not know which way they be goin ' . ( walk off ) empty room donkey be still talk to himself as he look around the room . donkey I be gonna take drastic step . kick it to the curb . do not mess with I . I be the stair master . I have master the stair . I wish I have a step right here . I would step all over it . elsewhere shrek spot a light in the tallest tower window . shrek well , at least we know where the princess be , but where 's the ... donkey ( os ) Dragon ! donkey gasp and take off run as the dragon roar again . shrek manage to grab donkey out of the way just as the dragon breathes fire . shrek donkey , look out ! ( he manage to get a hold of the dragon tail and hold on ) get ya ! the dragon get irritate at this and flick it 's tail and shrek go fly through the air and crash through the roof of the tallest tower . Fiona wake up with a jerk and look at he lie on the floor . donkey oh ! aah ! aah ! donkey get cornere as the Dragon knock away all but a small part of the bridge he 's on . donkey no . oh , no , no ! ( the dragon roar ) oh , what large tooth you have . ( the dragon growl ) I mean white , sparkling tooth . I know you probably hear this all time from you food , but you must bleach , ' cause that be one dazzle smile you get there . do I detect a hint of minty freshness ? and you know what else ? you be - - you be a girl dragon ! oh , sure ! I mean , of course you be a girl dragon . you be just reek of feminine beauty . ( the dragon begin flutter she eye at he ) what 's the matter with you ? you get something in you eye ? ohh . oh. oh. man , I would really love to stay , but you know , I be , uh ... ( the dragon blow a smoke ring in the shape of a heart right at he , and he cough ) I be a asthmatic , and I do not know if it would work out if you be gonna blow smoke ring . shrek ! ( the dragon pick he up with she tooth and carry he off ) no ! shrek ! shrek ! shrek ! fiona' room shrek groan as he get up off the floor . his back be to Fiona so she straighten she dress and lay back down on the bed . she then quickly reach over and get the bouquet of flower off the side table . she then lay back down and appear to be asleep . shrek turn and go over to she . he look down at Fiona for a moment and she pucker she lip . shrek take she by the shoulder and shake she away . fiona oh ! oh ! shrek wake up ! fiona what ? shrek be you princess Fiona ? fiona I be , await a knight so bold as to rescue I . shrek oh , that 's nice . now let 's go ! fiona but wait , Sir knight . this be -ith we first meeting . should it not be a wonderful , romantic moment ? shrek yeah , sorry , lady . there 's no time . fiona hey , wait . what be you do ? you should sweep I off my foot out yonder window and down a rope onto you valiant steed . shrek you have have a lot of time to plan this , have not you ? fiona ( smile ) mm-hmm . shrek break the lock on she door and pull she out and down the hallway . fiona but we have to savor this moment ! you could recite a epic poem for I . a ballad ? a sonnet ! a limerick ? or something ! shrek I do not think so . fiona can I at least know the name of my champion ? shrek uh , shrek . fiona Sir shrek . ( clear throat and hold out a handkerchief ) I pray that you take this favor as a token of my gratitude . shrek thanks ! suddenly they hear the dragon roar . fiona ( surprised ) you do not slay the dragon ? shrek it 's on my to - do list . now come on ! ( take off run and drag Fiona behind he . ) fiona but this be not right ! you be mean to charge in , sword draw , banner fly . that 's what all the other knight do . shrek yeah , right before they burst into flame . fiona that 's not the point . ( shrek suddenly stop and she run into he . ) oh ! ( shrek ignore she and head for a wooden door off to the side . ) wait . where be you go ? the exit 's over there . shrek well , I have to save my ass . fiona what kind of knight be you ? shrek one of a kind . ( open the door into the throne room ) donkey ( os ) slow down . slow down , baby , please . I believe it 's healthy to get to know someone over a long period of time . just call I old - fashioned . ( laugh worriedly ) ( we see he up close and from a distance as shrek sneak into the room ) I do not want to rush into a physical relationship . I be not emotionally ready for a commitment of , uh , this - - magnitude really be the word I be look for . magnitude - - hey , that be unwanted physical contact . hey , what be you do ? okay , okay . let 's just back up a little and take this one step at a time . we really should get to know each other first as friend or pen pal . I be on the road a lot , but I just love receive card - - I would really love to stay , but - - do not do that ! that 's my tail ! that 's my personal tail . you be gonna tear it off . I do not give permission - - what be you gonna do with that ? hey , now . no way . no ! no ! no , no ! no. no , no , no . no ! oh ! shrek grab a chain that 's connect to the chandelier and swing toward the dragon . he miss and he swing back again . he look up and spot that the chandelier be right above the dragon head . he pull on the chain and it release and he fall down and bump donkey out of the way right as the dragon be about to kiss he . instead the dragon kiss shrek ' butt . she open she eye and roar . shrek let go of the chain and the chandelier fall onto she head , but it 's too big and it go over she head and form a sort of collar for she . she roar again and shrek and donkey take off run . very ' matrix ' style . shrek grab donkey and then grab princess Fiona as he run past she . donkey hi , princess ! fiona it talk ! shrek yeah , it 's get he to shut up that 's the trick . they all start scream as the dragon gain on they . shrek spot a descend slide and jump on . but unfortunately there be a crack in the stone and it hit shrek right in the groin . his eye cross and as he reach the bottom of the slide he stumble off and walk lightly . shrek oh ! shrek get they close to the exit and set down donkey and Fiona . shrek okay , you two , hear for the exit ! I will take care of the dragon . shrek grab a sword and head back toward the interior of the castle . he throw the sword down in between several overlap chain link . the chain link be attach to the chandelier that be still around the dragon neck . shrek ( echoing ) run ! they all take off run for the exit with the dragon in hot pursuit . they make it to the bridge and head across . the dragon breathes fire and the bridge begin to burn . they all hang on for dear life as the rope hold the bridge up collapse . they be swing to the other side . as they hang upside down they look in horror as the dragon make to fly over the boil lava to get they . but suddenly the chandelier with the chain jerk the dragon back and she 's unable to get to they . we gang climb quickly to safety as the dragon look angry and then give a sad whimper as she watch donkey walk away . fiona ( slide down the ' volcano ' hill ) you do it ! you rescue I ! you be amazing . ( behind she donkey fall down the hill ) you be - - you be wonderful . you be ... ( turn and see shrek fall down the hill and bump into donkey ) a little unorthodox I will admit . but thy deed be great , and thy heart be pure . I be eternally in you debt . ( donkey clear he throat . ) and where would a brave knight be without he noble steed ? donkey I hope you hear that . she call I a noble steed . she think I be a steed . fiona the battle be win . you may remove you helmet , good Sir knight . shrek uh , no . fiona why not ? shrek I have helmet hair . fiona please . I would 'st look upon the face of my rescuer . shrek no , no , you would not - - 'st . fiona but how will you kiss I ? shrek what ? ( to donkey ) that be not in the job description . donkey maybe it 's a perk . fiona no , it 's destiny . oh , you must know how it go . a princess lock in a tower and beset by a dragon be rescue by a brave knight , and then they share true love 's first kiss . donkey hmm ? with shrek ? you think - - wait . wait . you think that shrek be you true love ? fiona well , yes . both donkey and shrek burst out laugh . donkey you think shrek be you true love ! fiona what be so funny ? shrek let 's just say I be not you type , okay ? Fiona : of course , you be . you be my rescuer . now - - now remove you helmet . shrek look . I really do not think this be a good idea . fiona just take off the helmet . shrek I be not go to . fiona take it off . shrek no ! fiona now ! shrek okay ! easy . as you command . you highness . ( take off he helmet ) fiona you - - you be a- - a ogre . shrek oh , you be expect Prince charm . fiona well , yes , actually . oh , no . this be all wrong . you be not suppose to be a ogre . shrek princess , I be send to rescue you by Lord farquaad , okay ? he be the one who want to marry you . fiona then why do not he come rescue I ? shrek good question . you should ask he that when we get there . fiona but I have to be rescue by my true love , not by some ogre and he - - he pet . donkey well , so much for noble steed . shrek you be not make my job any easier . fiona I be sorry , but you job be not my problem . you can tell Lord farquaad that if he want to rescue I properly , I will be wait for he right here . shrek hey ! I be no one 's messenger boy , all right ? ( ominous ) I be a delivery boy . ( he swiftly pick she up and swing she over he shoulder like she be a sack of potato ) fiona you would not dare . put I down ! shrek ya comin ' , donkey ? donkey I be right behind ya . fiona put I down , or you will suffer the consequence ! this be not dignify ! put I down ! wood a little time have pass and Fiona have calm down . she just hang there limply while shrek carry she . donkey okay , so here 's another question . say there 's a woman that dig you , right , but you do not really like she that way . how do you let she down real easy so she feeling be not hurt , but you do not get burn to a crisp and eat ? fiona you just tell she she 's not you true love . everyone know what happen when you find you ... ( shrek drop she on the ground ) hey ! the sooner we get to duloc the better . donkey you be gonna love it there , princess . it 's beautiful ! fiona and what of my groom - to - be ? Lord farquaad ? what 's he like ? shrek let I put it this way , princess . Men of farquaad 's stature be in short supply . ( he and donkey laugh ) shrek then proceed to splash water onto he face to wash off the dust and grime . donkey I do not know . there be that who think little of he . ( they laugh again ) Fiona : stop it . stop it , both of you . you be just jealous you can never measure up to a great ruler like Lord farquaad . shrek yeah , well , maybe you be right , princess . but I will let you do the " measure " when you see he tomorrow . fiona ( look at the set sun ) tomorrow ? it will take that long ? should not we stop to make camp ? shrek no , that will take longer . we can keep go . fiona but there 's robber in the wood . donkey whoa ! time out , shrek ! Camp be start to sound good . shrek hey , come on . I be scarier than anything we be go to see in this forest . fiona I need to find somewhere to camp now ! both donkey and shrek 's ear lower as they shrink away from she . mountain cliff shrek have find a cave that appear to be in good order . he shove a stone boulder out of the way to reveal the cave . shrek hey ! over here . donkey shrek , we can do better than that . I do not think this be fit for a princess . fiona no , no , it 's perfect . it just need a few homey touch . shrek homey touch ? like what ? ( he hear a tear noise and look over at Fiona who have tear the bark off of a tree . ) fiona a door ? well , gentleman , I bid thee good night . ( go into the cave and put the bark door up behind she ) donkey you want I to read you a bedtime story ? I will . fiona ( os ) I say good night ! shrek look at donkey for a second and then go to move the boulder back in front of the entrance to the cave with Fiona still inside . donkey shrek , what be you do ? shrek ( laugh ) I just - - you know - - oh , come on . I be just kid . later that night shrek and donkey be sit around a campfire . they be stare up into the sky as shrek point out certain star constellation to donkey . shrek and , uh , that one , that 's throwback , the only ogre to ever spit over three wheat field . donkey right . yeah . hey , can you tell my future from this star ? shrek the star do not tell the future , donkey . they tell storey . look , there 's bloodnut , the flatulent . you can guess what he 's famous for . donkey I know you be make this up . shrek no , look . there he be , and there 's the group of hunter run away from he stench . donkey that be not nothin ' but a bunch of little dot . shrek you know , donkey , sometimes thing be more than they appear . hmm ? forget it . donkey ( heave a big sigh ) hey , shrek , what we gonna do when we get we swamp anyway ? shrek we swamp ? donkey you know , when we be through rescue the princess . shrek we ? donkey , there 's no " we " . there 's no " we " . there 's just I and my swamp . the first thing I be gonna do be build a ten - foot wall around my land . donkey you cut I deep , shrek . you cut I real deep just now . you know what I think ? I think this whole wall thing be just a way to keep somebody out . shrek no , do ya think ? donkey be you hidin ' something ? shrek never mind , donkey . donkey oh , this be another one of that onion thing , be not it ? shrek no , this be one of that drop - it and leave - it alone thing . donkey why do not you want to talk about it ? shrek why do you want to talk about it ? donkey why be you block ? shrek I be not block . donkey oh , yes , you be . shrek donkey , I be warning you . donkey who you try to keep out ? shrek everyone ! okay ? donkey ( pause ) oh , now we be gettin ' somewhere . ( grin ) at this point Fiona pull the ' door ' away from the entrance to the cave and peak out . neither of the guy see she . shrek oh ! for the love of Pete ! ( get up and walk over to the edge of the cliff and sit down ) donkey what 's you problem ? what you get against the whole world anyway ? shrek look , I be not the one with the problem , okay ? it 's the world that seem to have a problem with I . people take one look at I and go . " aah ! help ! run ! a big , stupid , ugly ogre ! " they judge I before they even know I . that 's why I be better off alone . donkey you know what ? when we meet , I do not think you be just a big , stupid , ugly ogre . shrek yeah , I know . donkey so , uh , be there any donkey up there ? shrek well , there 's , um , gabby , the small and Annoying . donkey okay , okay , I see it now . the big shiny one , right there . that one there ? Fiona put the door back . shrek that 's the moon . donkey oh , okay . duloc - farquaad 's bedroom the camera pan over a lot of wedding stuff . Soft music play in the background . farquaad be in bed , watch as the Magic Mirror show he princess Fiona . farquaad again , show I again . Mirror , mirror , show she to I . show I the princess . mirror hmph . the Mirror rewind and begin to play again from the beginning . farquaad ah. perfect . farquaad look down at he bare chest and pull the sheet up to cover himself as though Fiona could see he as he gaze sheepishly at she image in the mirror . morning Fiona walk out of the cave . she glance at shrek and donkey who be still sleep . she wander off into the wood and come across a blue bird . she begin to sing . the bird sing along with she . she hit higher and higher note and the bird struggle to keep up with she . suddenly the pressure of the note be too big and the bird explode . Fiona look a little sheepish , but she eye the egg that the bird leave behind . time lapse , Fiona be now cooking the egg for breakfast . shrek and donkey be still sleep . shrek wake up and look at Fiona . donkey 's talk in he sleep . donkey ( quietly ) mmm , yeah , you know I like it like that . come on , baby . I say I like it . shrek donkey , wake up . ( shake he ) donkey huh ? what ? shrek wake up . donkey what ? ( stretch and yawn ) fiona good morning . hm , how do you like you egg ? donkey oh , good morning , princess ! Fiona get up and set the egg down in front of they . shrek what 's all this about ? fiona you know , we kind of get off to a bad start yesterday . I want to make it up to you . I mean , after all , you do rescue I . shrek uh , thanks . donkey sniff the egg and lick he lip . fiona well , eat up . we have get a big day ahead of we . ( walk off ) later they be once again on they way . they be walk through the forest . shrek belch . donkey shrek ! shrek what ? it 's a compliment . better out than in , I always say . ( laugh ) donkey well , it 's no way to behave in front of a princess . Fiona belch fiona thanks . donkey she 's as nasty as you be . shrek ( chuckle ) you know , you be not exactly what I expect . fiona well , maybe you should not judge people before you get to know they . she smile and then continue walk , sing softly . suddenly from out of nowhere , a man swing down and swoops Fiona up into a tree . robin hood La liberte ! hey ! shrek princess ! fiona ( to Robin Hood ) what be you do ? robin hood be still , mon cherie , for I be you savior ! and I be rescue you from this green ... ( kiss up she arm while Fiona pull back in disgust ) ... beast . shrek hey ! that 's my princess ! go find you own ! robin hood please , monster ! can not you see I be a little busy here ? fiona ( get feed up ) look , pal , I do not know who you think you be ! robin hood oh ! of course ! oh , how rude . please let I introduce myself . oh , merry men. ( laugh ) suddenly a accordion begin to play and the merry man pop out from the bush . they begin to sing Robin 's theme song . merry men ta , dah , dah , dah , whoo . robin hood I steal from the rich and give to the needy . merry men he take a wee percentage , robin hood but I be not greedy . I rescue pretty damsel , man , I be good . merry men what a guy , monsieur Hood . robin hood break it down . I like a honest fight and a saucy little may ... merry men what he 's basically say be he like to get ... robin hood paid . so ... when a ogre in the bush grab a lady by the tush . that 's bad . merry men that 's bad . robin hood when a beauty 's with a beast it make I awfully mad . merry men he 's mad , he 's really , really mad . robin hood I will take my blade and ram it through you heart , keep you eye on I , boy ' cause I be about to start ... there be a grunt as Fiona swing down from the tree limb and knock Robin Hood unconscious . fiona man , that be annoying ! shrek look at she in admiration . merry man oh , you little - - ( shoot a arrow at Fiona but she duck out of the way ) the arrow fly toward donkey who jump into shrek 's arm to get out of the way . the arrow proceed to just bounce off a tree . another fight sequence begin and Fiona give a karate yell and then proceed to beat the crap out of the merry Men . there be a very interesting ' matrix ' moment here when Fiona pause in mid-air to fix she hair . finally all of the merry Men be down , and Fiona begin walk away . fiona uh , shall we ? shrek hold the phone . ( drop donkey and begin walk after Fiona ) oh ! whoa , whoa , whoa . hold on now . where do that come from ? fiona what ? shrek that ! back there . that be amazing ! where do you learn that ? fiona well ... ( laugh ) when one life alone , uh , one have to learn this thing in case there 's a... ( gasp and point ) there 's a arrow in you butt ! shrek what ? ( turn and look ) oh , would you look at that ? ( he go to pull it out but flinch because it 's tender ) fiona oh , no . this be all my fault . I be so sorry . donkey ( walk up ) why ? what 's wrong ? fiona shrek 's hurt . donkey shrek 's hurt . shrek 's hurt ? oh , no , shrek 's gonna die . shrek donkey , I be okay . donkey you can not do this to I , shrek . I be too young for you to die . keep you leg elevate . turn you head and cough . do anyone know the heimlich ? fiona donkey ! calm down . if you want to help shrek , run into the wood and find I a blue flower with red thorns . donkey Blue flower , red thorns . okay , I be on it . Blue flower , red thorns . do not die shrek . if you see a long tunnel , stay away from the light ! shrek &amp ; fiona donkey ! donkey oh , yeah . right . Blue flower , red thorns . ( run off ) shrek what be the flower for ? fiona ( like it 's obvious ) for get rid of donkey . shrek ah. fiona now you hold still , and I will yank this thing out . ( give the arrow a little pull ) shrek ( jump away ) ow ! hey ! easy with the yankin' . as they continue to talk Fiona keep go after the arrow and shrek keep dodging she hand . fiona I be sorry , but it have to come out . shrek no , it 's tender . fiona now , hold on . shrek what you be do be the opposite of help . fiona do not move . shrek look , time out . fiona would you ... ( grunt as shrek put he hand over she face to stop she from get at the arrow ) okay . what do you propose we do ? elsewhere donkey be still look for the special flower . donkey Blue flower , red thorns . Blue flower , red thorns . Blue flower , red thorns . this would be so much easier if I be not color-blind ! Blue flower , red thorns . shrek ( os ) ow ! donkey hold on , shrek ! I be comin ' ! ( rip a flower off a nearby bush that just happen to be a blue flower with red thorns ) the forest path shrek ow ! not good . fiona okay . okay . I can nearly see the head . ( shrek grunt as she pull ) it 's just about ... shrek ow ! ohh ! ( he jerk and manage to fall over with Fiona on top of he ) donkey ahem . shrek ( throw Fiona off of he ) nothing happend . we be just , uh - - donkey look , if you want to be alone , all you have to do be ask . okay ? shrek oh , come on ! that 's the last thing on my mind . the princess here be just - - ( Fiona pull the arrow out ) ugh ! ( he turn to look at Fiona who hold up the arrow with a smile ) ow ! donkey hey , what 's that ? ( nervous chuckle ) that 's ... be that blood ? donkey faint . shrek walk over and pick he up as they continue on they way . there be a montage of scene as the group head back to duloc . shrek crawl up to the top of a tree to make it fall over a small brook so that Fiona will not get wet . shrek then get up as donkey be just about to cross the tree and the tree swing back into it 's upright position and donkey fly off . shrek swatting and a bunch of fly and mosquito . Fiona grab a nearby spiderweb that 's on a tree branch and run through the field swinging it around to catch the bug . she then hand it to shrek who begin eat like it 's a treat . as he walk off she lick she finger . shrek catch a toad and blow it up like a balloon and present it to Fiona . Fiona catch a snake , blow it up , fashion it into a balloon animal and present it to shrek . the group arrive at a windmill that be near duloc . windmill shrek there it be , princess . you future await you . fiona that 's duloc ? donkey yeah , I know . you know , shrek think Lord farquaad 's compensate for something , which I think mean he have a really ... ( shrek step on he hoof ) ow ! shrek um , I , uh - - I guess we better move on . fiona sure . but , shrek ? I be - - I be worried about donkey . shrek what ? fiona I mean , look at he . he do not look so good . donkey what be you talk about ? I be fine . fiona ( kneel to look he in the eye ) that 's what they always say , and then next thing you know , you be on you back . ( pause ) Dead . shrek you know , she 's right . you look awful . do you want to sit down ? fiona uh , you know , I will make you some tea . donkey I do not want to say nothin' , but I get this twinge in my neck , and when I turn my head like this , look , ( turn he neck in a very sharp way until he head be completely sideways ) ow ! see ? shrek who 's hungry ? I will find we some dinner . fiona I will get the firewood . donkey hey , where you goin ' ? oh , man , I can not feel my toe ! ( look down and yelp ) I do not have any toe ! I think I need a hug . sunset shrek have build a fire and be cooking the rest of dinner while Fiona eat . fiona mmm . this be good . this be really good . what be this ? shrek uh , weed rat . rotisserie style . fiona no kid . well , this be delicious . shrek well , they be also great in stew . now , I do not mean to brag , but I make a mean weed rat stew . ( chuckle ) Fiona look at duloc and sigh . fiona I guess I will be dining a little differently tomorrow night . shrek maybe you can come visit I in the swamp sometime . I will cook all kind of stuff for you . swamp toad soup , fish eye tartare - - you name it . fiona ( smile ) I would like that . they smile at each other . shrek um , princess ? fiona yes , shrek ? shrek I , um , I be wonder ... be you ... ( sigh ) be you gonna eat that ? donkey ( chuckle ) man , be not this romantic ? just look at that sunset . fiona ( jump up ) sunset ? oh , no ! I mean , it 's late . i- it 's very late . shrek what ? donkey wait a minute . I see what 's goin ' on here . you be afraid of the dark , be not you ? fiona yes ! yes , that 's it . I be terrify . you know , I would better go inside . donkey do not feel bad , princess . I use to be afraid of the dark , too , until - - hey , no , wait . I be still afraid of the dark . shrek sigh fiona good night . shrek good night . Fiona go inside the windmill and close the door . donkey look at shrek with a new eye . donkey ohh ! now I really see what 's goin ' on here . shrek oh , what be you talkin ' about ? donkey I do not even wanna hear it . look , I be a animal , and I get instinct . and I know you two be diggin ' on each other . I could feel it . shrek you be crazy . I be just bring she back to farquaad . donkey oh , come on , shrek . wake up and smell the pheromone . just go on in and tell she how you feel . shrek I - - there 's nothing to tell . besides , even if I do tell she that , well , you know - - and I be not sayin ' I do ' cause I do not - - she 's a princess , and I be - - donkey a ogre ? shrek yeah . a ogre . donkey hey , where you goin ' ? shrek to get ... move firewood . ( sigh ) donkey look over at the large pile of firewood there already be . time lapse donkey open the door to the windmill and walk in . Fiona be nowhere to be see . donkey princess ? princess Fiona ? princess , where be you ? princess ? Fiona look at donkey from the shadow , but we can not see she . donkey it 's very spooky in here . I be not play no game . suddenly Fiona fall from the railing . she get up only she do not look like herself . she look like a ogre and donkey start freaking out . donkey aah ! fiona oh , no ! donkey no , help ! fiona shh ! donkey shrek ! shrek ! shrek ! fiona no , it 's okay . it 's okay . donkey what do you do with the princess ? fiona donkey , I be the princess . donkey aah ! fiona it 's I , in this body . donkey oh , my God ! you eat the princess . ( to she stomach ) can you hear I ? fiona donkey ! donkey ( still aim at she stomach ) listen , keep breathe ! I will get you out of there ! fiona no ! donkey shrek ! shrek ! shrek ! fiona shh . donkey shrek ! fiona this be I . donkey look into she eye as she pet he muzzle , and he quiet down . donkey princess ? what happen to you ? you be , uh , uh , uh , different . fiona I be ugly , okay ? donkey well , yeah ! be it something you eat ? ' Cause I tell shrek that rat be a bad idea . you be what you eat , I say . now - - fiona no. I - - I have be this way as long as I can remember . donkey what do you mean ? look , I be not never see you like this before . fiona it only happen when sun go down . " by night one way , by day another . this shall be the norm ... until you find true love 's first kiss ... and then take love 's true form . " donkey ah , that 's beautiful . I do not know you write poetry . fiona it 's a spell . ( sigh ) when I be a little girl , a witch cast a spell on I . every night I become this . this horrible , ugly beast ! I be place in a tower to await the day my true love would rescue I . that 's why I have to marry Lord farquaad tomorrow before the sun set and he see I like this . ( begin to cry ) donkey all right , all right . calm down . look , it 's not that bad . you be not that ugly . well , I be not gonna lie . you be ugly . but you only look like this at night . shrek 's ugly 24 - 7 . fiona but donkey , I be a princess , and this be not how a princess be mean to look . donkey princess , how ' bout if you do not marry farquaad ? fiona I have to . only my true love 's kiss can break the spell . donkey but , you know , um , you be kind of a orge , and shrek - - well , you get a lot in common . fiona shrek ? outside shrek be walk towards the windmill with a sunflower in he hand . shrek ( to himself ) princess , I - - uh , how 's it go , first of all ? good ? um , good for I too . I be okay . I see this flower and think of you because it 's pretty and - - well , I do not really like it , but I think you might like it ' cause you be pretty . but I like you anyway . I would - - uh , uh ... ( sigh ) I be in trouble . okay , here we go . he walk up to the door and pause outside when he hear donkey and Fiona talk . fiona ( os ) I can not just marry whoever I want . take a good look at I , donkey . I mean , really , who can ever love a beast so hideous and ugly ? " princess " and " ugly " do not go together . that 's why I can not stay here with shrek . shrek step back in shock . fiona ( os ) my only chance to live happily ever after be to marry my true love . shrek heave a deep sigh . he throw the flower down and walk away . inside fiona do not you see , donkey ? that 's just how it have to be . it 's the only way to break the spell . donkey you at least gotta tell shrek the truth . fiona no ! you can not breathe a word . no one must ever know . donkey what 's the point of be able to talk if you gotta keep secret ? fiona promise you will not tell . promise ! donkey all right , all right . I will not tell he . but you should . ( go outside ) I just know before this be over , I be gonna need a whole lot of serious therapy . look at my eye twitchin' . Fiona come out the door and watch he walk away . she look down and spot the sunflower . she pick it up before go back inside the windmill . morning donkey be asleep . shrek be nowhere to be see . Fiona be still awake . she be pluck petal from the sunflower . fiona I tell he , I tell he not . I tell he , I tell he not . I tell he . ( she quickly run to the door and go outside ) shrek ! shrek , there 's something I want ... ( she look and see the rise sun , and as the sun crest the sky she turn back into a human . ) just as she look back at the sun she see shrek stomping towards she . fiona shrek . be you all right ? shrek perfect ! never be better . fiona I - - I do not - - there 's something I have to tell you . shrek you do not have to tell I anything , princess . I hear enough last night . fiona you hear what I say ? shrek every word . fiona I think you would understand . shrek oh , I understand . like you say , " who could love a hideous , ugly beast ? " fiona but I think that would not matter to you . shrek yeah ? well , it do . ( Fiona look at he in shock . he look past she and spot a group approach . ) ah , right on time . princess , I have bring you a little something . farquaad have arrive with a group of he man . he look very regal sit up on he horse . you would never guess that he 's only like 3 foot tall . donkey wake up with a yawn as the soldier march by . donkey what would I miss ? what would I miss ? ( spot the soldier ) ( muffle ) who say that ? could not have be the donkey . farquaad princess Fiona . shrek as promise . now hand it over . farquaad very well , ogre . ( hold out a piece of paper ) the deed to you swamp , clear out , as agree . take it and go before I change my mind . ( shrek take the paper ) forgive I , princess , for startling you , but you startle I , for I have never see such a radiant beauty before . I be Lord farquaad . fiona Lord farquaad ? oh , no , no . ( farquaad snap he finger ) forgive I , my lord , for I be just say a short ... ( watch as farquaad be lift off he horse and set down in front of she . he come to she waist . ) farewell . farquaad oh , that be so sweet . you do not have to waste good manners on the ogre . it 's not like it have feeling . fiona no , you be right . it do not . donkey watch this exchange with a curious look on he face . farquaad princess Fiona , beautiful , fair , flawless Fiona . I ask you hand in marriage . will you be the perfect bride for the perfect groom ? fiona Lord farquaad , I accept . nothing would make - - farquaad ( interrupt ) excellent ! I will start the plan , for tomorrow we wed ! fiona no ! I mean , uh , why wait ? let 's get marry today before the sun set . farquaad oh , anxious , be you ? you be right . the sooner , the better . there 's so much to do ! there 's the caterer , the cake , the band , the guest list . Captain , round up some guest ! ( a guard put Fiona on the back of he horse ) fiona fare-thee - well , ogre . farquaad 's whole party begin to head back to duloc . donkey watch they go . donkey shrek , what be you do ? you be let she get away . shrek yeah ? so what ? donkey shrek , there 's something about she you do not know . look , I talk to she last night , she 's - - shrek I know you talk to she last night . you be great pal , be not ya ? now , if you two be such good friend , why do not you follow she home ? donkey shrek , I - - I wanna go with you . shrek I tell you , do not I ? you be not come home with I . I live alone ! my swamp ! me! nobody else ! understand ? nobody ! especially useless , pathetic , annoying , talk donkey ! donkey but I think - - shrek yeah . you know what ? you think wrong ! ( stomp off ) donkey shrek . montage of different scene . shrek arrive back home . Fiona be fitte for the wedding dress . donkey at a stream run into the dragon . shrek clean up he house . Fiona eat dinner alone . shrek eat dinner alone . shrek' home shrek be eat dinner when he hear a sound outside . he go outside to investigate . shrek donkey ? ( donkey ignore he and continue with what he 's do . ) what be you do ? donkey I would think , of all people , you would recognize a wall when you see one . shrek well , yeah . but the wall 's suppose to go around my swamp , not through it . donkey it be around you half . see that 's you half , and this be my half . shrek oh ! you half . hmm . donkey yes , my half . I help rescue the princess . I do half the work . I get half the booty . now hand I that big old rock , the one that look like you head . shrek back off ! donkey no , you back off . shrek this be my swamp ! donkey we swamp . shrek ( grab the tree branch donkey be work with ) let go , donkey ! donkey you let go . shrek stubborn jackass ! donkey smelly ogre . shrek Fine ! ( drop the tree branch and walk away ) donkey hey , hey , come back here . I be not through with you yet . shrek well , I be through with you . donkey uh-uh . you know , with you it 's always , " I , I , I ! " well , guess what ! now it 's my turn ! so you just shut up and pay attention ! you be mean to I . you insult I and you do not appreciate anything that I do ! you be always push I around or push I away . shrek oh , yeah ? well , if I treat you so bad , how come you come back ? donkey because that 's what friend do ! they forgive each other ! shrek oh , yeah . you be right , donkey . I forgive you ... for stabbin ' I in the back ! ( go into the outhouse and slam the door ) donkey ohh ! you be so wrap up in layer , onion boy , you be afraid of you own feeling . shrek ( os ) go away ! donkey there you be , do it again just like you do to Fiona . all she ever do be like you , maybe even love you . shrek ( os ) Love I ? she say I be ugly , a hideous creature . I hear the two of you talk . donkey she be not talkin ' about you . she be talkin ' about , uh , somebody else . shrek ( open the door and come out ) she be not talk about I ? well , then who be she talk about ? donkey uh-uh , no way . I be not say anything . you do not wanna listen to I . right ? right ? shrek donkey ! donkey no ! shrek okay , look . I be sorry , all right ? ( sigh ) I be sorry . I guess I be just a big , stupid , ugly ogre . can you forgive I ? donkey hey , that 's what friend be for , right ? shrek right . Friends ? donkey Friends . shrek so , um , what do Fiona say about I ? donkey what be you ask I for ? why do not you just go ask she ? shrek the wedding ! we will never make it in time . donkey ha-ha-ha ! never fear , for where , there 's a will , there 's a way and I have a way . ( whistle ) suddenly the dragon arrive overhead and fly low enough so they can climb on . shrek donkey ? donkey I guess it 's just my animal magnetism . they both laugh . shrek aw , come here , you . ( give donkey a noogie ) donkey all right , all right . do not get all slobbery . no one like a kiss ass . all right , hop on and hold on tight . I have not have a chance to install the seat belt yet . they climb aboard the dragon and she take off for duloc . duloc - church Fiona and farquaad be get marry . the whole town be there . the prompter card guy hold up a card that say ' revered silence ' . priest people of duloc , we gather here today to bear witness to the union .... fiona ( eyeing the set sun ) um - priest ...of we new king ... fiona Excuse I . could we just skip ahead to the " I do 's " ? farquaad ( chuckle and then motion to the priest to indulge Fiona ) go on . courtyard some guard be milling around . suddenly the dragon land with a boom . the guard all take off run . donkey ( to Dragon ) go ahead , have some fun . if we need you , I will whistle . how about that ? ( she nod and go after the guard ) shrek , wait , wait ! wait a minute ! you wanna do this right , do not you ? shrek ( at the Church door ) what be you talk about ? donkey there 's a line you gotta wait for . the preacher 's gonna say , " speak now or forever hold you peace . " that 's when you say , " I object ! " shrek I do not have time for this ! donkey hey , wait . what be you do ? listen to I ! look , you love this woman , do not you ? shrek yes . donkey you wanna hold she ? shrek yes . donkey please she ? shrek yes ! donkey ( sing James Brown style ) then you get to , get to try a little tenderness . ( normal ) the chick love that romantic crap ! shrek all right ! cut it out . when do this guy say the line ? donkey we gotta check it out . inside church as the priest talk we see donkey 's shadow through one of the window shrek toss he up so he can see . priest and so , by the power vested in I ... outside shrek what do you see ? donkey the whole town 's in there . Inside priest I now pronounce you husband and wife ... outside donkey they be at the altar . Inside priest ... king and queen . outside donkey mother fletcher ! he already say it . shrek oh , for the love of Pete ! he run inside without catch donkey , who hit the ground hard . inside church shrek ( run toward the alter ) I object ! fiona shrek ? the whole congregation gasp as they see shrek . farquaad oh , now what do he want ? shrek ( to congregation as he reach the front of the Church ) hi , everyone . havin ' a good time , be ya ? I love duloc , first of all . very clean . fiona what be you do here ? shrek really , it 's rude enough be alive when no one want you , but show up uninvite to a wedding ... shrek Fiona ! I need to talk to you . fiona oh , now you wanna talk ? it 's a little late for that , so if you will excuse I - - shrek but you can not marry he . fiona and why not ? shrek because - - because he 's just marring you so he can be king . farquaad outrageous ! Fiona , do not listen to he . shrek he 's not you true love . fiona and what do you know about true love ? shrek well , I - - uh - - I mean - - farquaad oh , this be precious . the ogee have fall in love with the princess ! oh , good lord. ( laugh ) the prompter card guy hold up a card that say ' laugh ' . the whole congregation laugh . farquaad a ogre and a princess ! fiona shrek , be this true ? farquaad who care ? it 's preposterous ! Fiona , my love , we be but a kiss away from we " happily ever after . " now kiss I ! ( pucker he lip and lean toward she , but she pull back . ) fiona ( look at the set sun ) " by night one way , by day another . " ( to shrek ) I want to show you before . she back up and as the sun set she change into she ogre self . she give shrek a sheepish smile . shrek well , uh , that explain a lot . ( Fiona smile ) farquaad ugh ! it 's disgusting ! Guards ! Guards ! I order you to get that out of my sight now ! get they ! get they both ! the guard run in and separate Fiona and shrek . shrek fight they . shrek no , no ! fiona shrek ! farquaad this hocus-pocus alter nothing . this marriage be bind , and that make I king ! see ? see ? fiona no , let go of I ! shrek ! shrek no ! farquaad do not just stand there , you moron . shrek get out of my way ! Fiona ! arrgh ! farquaad I will make you regret the day we meet . I will see you draw and quarter ! you will beg for death to save you ! fiona no , shrek ! farquaad ( hold a dagger to Fiona 's throat ) and as for you , my wife ... shrek Fiona ! farquaad I will have you lock back in that tower for the rest of you day ! I be king ! shrek manage to get a hand free and he whistle . farquaad I will have order ! I will have perfection ! I will have - - ( donkey and the dragon show up and the dragon lean down and eat farquaad ) aaaah ! aah ! donkey all right . nobody move . I get a dragon here , and I be not afraid to use it . ( the dragon roar . ) I be a donkey on the edge ! the dragon belch and farquaad 's crown fly out of she mouth and fall to the ground . donkey celebrity marriage . they never last , do they ? the congregation cheer . donkey go ahead , shrek . shrek uh , Fiona ? fiona yes , shrek ? shrek I - - I love you . fiona really ? shrek really , really . fiona ( smile ) I love you too . shrek and Fiona kiss . thelonius take one of the card and write ' awwww ' on the back and then show it to the congregation . congregation aawww ! suddenly the magic of the spell pull Fiona away . she 's lift up into the air and she hover there while the magic work around she . whisper " until you find true love 's first kiss and then take love 's true form . take love 's true form . take love 's true form . " suddenly Fiona 's eye open wide . she 's consume by the spell and then be slowly lower to the ground . shrek ( go over to she ) Fiona ? Fiona . be you all right ? fiona ( stand up , she 's still a ogre ) well , yes . but I do not understand . I be suppose to be beautiful . shrek but you be beautiful . they smile at each other . donkey ( chuckle ) I be hope this would be a happy end . shrek and Fiona kiss ... and the kiss fade into ... the swamp ... they wedding kiss . shrek and Fiona be now marry . ' I be a believer ' by smashmouth be play in the background . shrek and Fiona break apart and run through the crowd to they await carriage . which be make of a giant onion . Fiona toss she bouquet which both cinderella and snow White try to catch . but they end up get into a cat fight and so the dragon catch the bouquet instead . the gingerbread man have be mend somewhat and now have one leg and walk with a candy cane cane . shrek and Fiona walk off as the rest of the guest party and donkey take over sing the song . gingerbread man God bless we , every one . donkey ( as he 's do sing and we fade to black ) oh , that 's funny . oh . oh. I can not breathe . I can not breathe . the end