shrek the third written by Peter seaman , Jeffrey price , Chris Miller &amp ; aron Warner final screen script int . medieval time theater - night a familiar beam of light shine down . the beam of light descend onto a stage . lightn flash to reveal Prince charm riding he valiant steed chauncey across the open plain . the wind blow back he golden mane . prince charming onward chauncey , to the high room of the tallest tower ! where my princess await rescue from she handsome Prince charm . lightn crack . Thunder boom . charm straddle a wooden hobby horse and gallop in place . a stage hand use a bellow to blow air into Prince charm 's face . another stage hand turn a crank that create the move background . in the orchestra , a man use coconut to create the sound effect of a gallop horse . two more stage hand back stage create the cheap sound effect of thunder and lightning . a crudely construct castle tower sit in front of a cheaply paint backdrop . the fairytale creature be sit at a table in the audience . gingerbread man this be worse than Love letter ! I hate dinner theatre . pinocchio I too . pinocchio 's nose grow as he be catch in the lie . Prince charm ride to the base of the tower . prince charming whoa there , chauncey ! he dismount and set he hobby horse on the ground . he strike a dramatic pose . a princess lean from a tower window . actress hark ! the brave Prince charm approach -ith . Prince charm puff he chest out . shrek the third - final screen script 2 . prince charming fear not fair maiden ! I shall slay the monster that guard you and take my place as rightful King . a old couple at a table look confuse . old lady ( to old man ) what do she say ? Prince charm glare as the bored audience largely ignore he . a man in a bad ogre costume come onto the stage . ogre grrrrrrr ! the crowd erupt into applause . the fairytale creature cheer . fairytale creature ( cheering ) woooo hoooo !!! gingerbread man yea ! shrek ! at first , Prince charm be put off by the cheer for the shrek -like beast . he pull he sword and confront the monster . prince charming prepare foul beast to enter into a world of pain with which you be not familiar ! he be cut off as a waiter enter with a birthday cake . waiter ( singing ) happy birthday to thee . prince charming do you mind ? Prince charm hop out of the way when a chair land on stage . it slide past he and bump into the tower facade . gingerbread man do you mind ? bo-r ! shrek the third - final screen script 3 . the audience laugh . Prince charm glare at they and then try to recover . he point he sword at the monster again . the tower facade start to topple . prince charming ( clear throat ) prepare foul beast - Prince charm look over he shoulder and see the facade fall . he cringe . the scenery slam against the stage , but Prince charm be unharme , perfectly frame in the princess ' window . the crowd laugh at the embarrassed Prince charm . he shake he mangle sword at the audience . prince charming ( shaking he sword again ) someday you will be sorry . heckler ( o.s. ) we already be ! they laugh again . Prince charm throw down he sword , pick up he hobby horse and exit . ogre grrrrrrr ! the song and the laughter follow Prince charm backstage . int . backstage dressing room - moment later Prince charm walk through a tunnel backstage that lead to a door . the door have a star with he name write on it . he open it . ext . medieval time restaurant - continuous Prince charm sit at he break vanity and sob . his make - shift dress room be in a alley way next to the theater . horse whinny as a carriage pass by . the castle of Far Far away can be see on the hill in the background . Prince charm break down and cry . he look up and see a picture of the Fairy godmother tape to the vanity . " do not stop believe ! mommy 's Little angel " be write on the picture . shrek the third - final screen script 4 . prince charming ( heavy sob ) oh mommy . he weep again and then look back at the picture . a determine change grow across he face . prince charming oh , you be right . I can not let this happen . I can not . Prince charm look at the castle on the hill . his expression harden . he stand and face the castle . he hold he chin up high . prince charming I be the rightful King of Far Far away and I promise you this mother . I will restore dignity to my throne ! a big gust of wind blow a newspaper page across he face . he peel it off and look at the headline . his eye tense and narrow . prince charming ( cont 'd ) and this time , no one will stand in my way ! in the newspaper be a picture of shrek and Fiona wave to a crowd . Prince charm crumple up the newspaper in he fist . ext . castle - morning the camera boom down from the Far Far away sign . the sun rise and the bird sing . int . shrek and fiona' bedroom - continuous the sun shine through the bedroom window as the camera pan over to shrek and Fiona waking up . shrek good morning . fiona good morning . ( dreamy ) oh ... morning breath ... shrek the third - final screen script 5 . shrek breathes in and smile . shrek ( dreamy ) I know . be not it wonderful ? the bedroom door fly open and donkey and the dronkey rush in . the dronkey head right for shrek and Fiona . shrek cower beneath the bedclothes . donkey ( singing ) " good morning ! good morning ! " shrek sink further into the blanket as the dronkey exuberantly lick he . Fiona be amused . donkey start to sing " good Morning " from singin ' in the rain as he enter the room . donkey ( singing ) " the sun be shine through ! good morning ! good morning . ( come closer and closer to shrek ) " to you ! " ( to shrek ) " and you ! " ( to dronkey ) and you ! the dronkey fly out of the room , knock down everything in they path . donkey oh , they grow up so fast . shrek , greatly annoyed , lift he hand and snuff out a little fire on the bed leave behind by the dronkey . shrek not fast enough . puss leap onto the bed . puss okay . you have a very full day fill in for the King and Queen . there be several function that require you attendance , sir . shrek the third - final screen script 6 . shrek great ! let 's get start . shrek immediately pull the cover up over he head and start to snore . donkey c'mon , lazy bone , time to get movin ' ! donkey yank the sheet off of Fiona and shrek . he be surprised to see shrek 's bare leg . donkey aaahhh ! you know you really need to get yourself a pair of jammy . shrek sigh . CUT to : int . knighting ceremony - day the camera pan down from a stain glass window . the song " Royal pain " by the eel play in the background as the title : " shrek the third " be superimpose . a large crowd have gather to watch the knight . shrek walk down the aisle of the church . shrek walk up to the knight who seem a bit nervous . shrek take a sword from puss , but he do not have any idea what he be suppose to do with it . shrek look at puss , who indicate how to knight a person with he own sword . shrek start to knight the knight . shrek I knight thee ... shrek accidentally stab the knight . shrek he-he. ooh . the crowd , Fiona , puss and donkey look on , shocked . CUT to : shrek the third - final screen script 7 . ext . boat dock - day shrek and Fiona officiate at a boat christen for the Royal navy . shrek be hold a bottle of champagne . he lean on the boat , accidentally push it down the ramp . shrek throw the bottle at the boat and it punch a enormous hole in the side of the hull . the boat quickly sink . shrek turn to find the patron of Far Far away shaking they head as they leave . CUT to : int . dressing room - day raul , the make - up specialist , tighten some apron around shrek and Fiona . donkey , puss and raul stand in front of they . donkey well , since you be fill in for one , you might as well look like a real King . can somebody come in here and work on shrek please ? raul stare at shrek . shrek raise he eyebrow . raul ( ahem ) I will see what I can do . he unroll a satchel full of different gardening tool . suddenly shrek 's arm and leg be strapped into a chair . a man stand with he back to the camera and pull on a rip cord as if he 's hold a chain see . vroom ! vroom ! he turn around to reveal a circular sander and start to grind away at shrek 's gruesome toenail . shrek cringe . we see a close - up of shrek 's eye . a mascara brush come into frame and pull at shrek 's eyelash . Fiona get she nose hair pluck . fiona ow ! shrek the third - final screen script 8. lipstick be apply to some lip . the camera pull back to reveal that the lip be shrek 's . a hand try to tighten a zipper on shrek 's back . it keep snagging on the skin until they finally rip it past and tighten up the zipper all the way . a small sock be place onto shrek 's foot . with a shoe horn , shrek 's foot be shove into a small shoe . pop ! a collar be place around Fiona 's neck and she corset be tightened . a drill come into frame and tighten the rivet on shrek 's belt . a mole be place on he cheek . int . backstage - later reveal : shrek and Fiona stand awkwardly in outrageous Renaissance outfit . donkey gasp . donkey oh ! puss roll he eye . puss yeah , wow . Fiona be uncomfortable . fiona uh , be this really necessary ? raul ( to shrek ) Ho , ho . quite necessary , Fiona . shrek I be shrek , you twit . raul whatever . puss okay people ! this be not a rehearsal . let 's see some hustle . donkey smile everyone , smile ! shrek the third - final screen script 9 . off-screen , the master of ceremony announce the couple arrive at the party . Fiona turn to shrek and see he be not in a good mood . shrek I do not know how much longer I can keep this up Fiona . fiona I be sorry shrek , but can you please just try to grin and bear it ? it 's just until dad get better . shrek let out another frustrated sigh . fiona shrek ? shrek yeah . fiona you look handsome . shrek ah. come here , you . she give he a supportive smile . he relax and smile back . Fiona pucker up she lip and shrek lean in for a kiss , but they bulky outfit prevent it . shrek and Fiona let out a huge breath of air . shrek oh , my butt be itching up a storm and I can not reach it in this monkey suit ! shrek try to scratch he butt but to no avail . shrek oh. ( whistle ) hey you . come here ! a man hold a ruby scepter walk over to shrek . shrek what 's you name ? shrek the third - final screen script 10 . fiddlesworth eh , fiddlesworth , sir . shrek hoo hoo hooo . perfect . int . ballroom - continuous the announcer introduce shrek and Fiona . master of ceremonies lady and gentleman , princess Fiona and Sir shrek ! the audience clap . the curtain start to open . fiddlesworth be scratch away at shrek 's butt . shrek you have do it . oh , a little over to the leave , yeah . that 's great . fiona uh shrek ? fiddlesworth struggle to reach shrek 's itch . the crowd look on in horror . Fiona try to get he attention . shrek ahh ! all right , you get it ... oh yeah , you be on it . oh that 's it ! oh that 's good ! fiona shrek ... shrek oh yeah ! scratch that thing ! you get it . you be on it . that 's great ! fiona shrek ! shrek and fiddlesworth finally see the crowd . they both freeze . shrek laugh nervously . suddenly shrek 's belt buckle snap off and hit donkey in the eye . he stumble through the crowd scream . donkey ow !! my eye ! my eye ! shrek the third - final screen script 11 . as he be stumbling , he grab hold of a lady in the crowd . woman what be you do ? the woman push donkey away . he fall , knock over a guard hold a axe on he way down . the guard drop the axe . it fly past puss , who be in the arm of a lady . the axe knock over a vase . the vase fly up on stage and Fiona maneuver to catch it . in flight , water spill out of the vase which cause Fiona to fall over . shrek 's tuxedo bib slap he in the face . the clasp hold shrek 's pants up break off . shrek stand on stage with he pants around he ankle . he shuffles towards Fiona . shrek Fiona ! he trip over he pants and hit a loose wooden plank on the stage . the plank fling up and send fiddlesworth fly through the air where he jacket slip over a banner pole , trapping he . fiddlesworth uhhh ... ( wimper ) shrek have reach Fiona who be still lie on the floor . shrek be you okay ? fiona yeah . I be fine . Fiona 's eye suddenly widen . fiddlesworth 's jacket rip and he fall onto a waiter carry flame skewer . fiddlesworth ahhhh ! the skewer fly through the air . donkey stand up in frame with one eye half shut . the flame skewer shoot by he and land in the curtain , set they on fire . he blow one of the skewer out and take a bite . donkey oh ! shrimp ! my favorite . shrek the third - final screen script 12 . the fire cause a Far Far away shield to detach from a wooden ceiling beam and fall onto the stage , break it in half . the whole stage collapse in the middle . the buffet table slide toward shrek and Fiona at the other end and collide . crash ! bang ! CUT to black : int . shrek and fiona' bedroom - night the door to Fiona 's room fly open . shrek that 's it ! we be leave ! shrek storm in pull bit of buffet food off he face . fiona honey , please calm down ... shrek grab the wig off of he head and throw it aside . shrek calm down ? who do you think we be kid ? I be a ogre ! I be not cut out for this , Fiona and I never will be . shrek wipe off he makeup with he shirt sleeve and fling he shirt to the floor . he fall onto the bed next to donkey . donkey I think that go pretty well . shrek startles . shrek donkey ! shrek pick he up and throw he out the door . donkey aww , come on now shrek ! shrek slam the door shut . shrek turn back towards the bed and see puss recline on he pillow . shrek the third - final screen script 13 . puss some people just do not understand boundary . shrek pick puss up by the scruff of he neck and toss he outside the window . he shut it . puss sit sadly on the ledge , give shrek he sad -eye routine . shrek draw the blind . shrek stomp over and fall back onto the bed . Fiona try to calm he down . fiona just think ... a couple more day , and we will be back home in we vermin-filled shack , strewn with fungus , fill with the rotting stench of mud and neglect . this think calm he . shrek take in a long , deep breath and exhales . he smile . shrek oh , you have I at " vermin-filled . " fiona and , uh ... maybe even the pitter - patter of little foot on the floor ...? shrek ( laugh ) that 's right . the swamp rat will be spawn . fiona uh , no ... you know , what I be think of be a little bit bigger than a swamp rat . shrek donkey ? fiona no , shrek. um ... what if - theoretically - shrek yeah ? fiona they be little ogre foot ? shrek the third - final screen script 14 . shrek oh. ( nervous laugh ) shock , shrek fall off the bed . he slowly emerge from behind the bed . shrek honey ? let 's try and be rational about this . have you see a baby lately ? they just eat and poop and they cry and then they cry when they poop and they poop when they cry ... now , imagine a ogre baby . they extra cry and they extra poop . fiona shrek . she grab he hand and look deeply into he eye . fiona do not you ever think about have a family ? shrek take she hand . shrek right now , you be my family . there be a knock on the bedroom door . the door burst open , revealing a Royal page . shrek spring up . shrek well , somebody better be die . CUT to : int . king be room - moment later the camera push through a corridor that lead to the King 's bedroom . the King be lie on he lily pad , cough . king harold I be die . the King inhale and launch into a violent cough fit . shrek look a bit guilty about he last admission . the Queen come to the King 's aid and he settles down . shrek the third - final screen script 15 . queen harold . king harold do not forget to pay the gardener , lillian . the Queen be use to this kind of non-sequiturs . queen of course darling . the King suppress a few cough . he turn to he daughter . king harold Fiona ... fiona yes daddy ? king harold I know I have make many mistake with you . fiona it 's okay . king harold but you love for shrek have teach I so much . Fiona smile . the King address shrek . king harold my dear boy , I be proud to call you my son . shrek and I be proud to call you my frog ... King dad in -law . shrek smile . king harold now , there be a matter of business to attend tooo ... the King start wheeze and cough . eventually he stop . they think he 's dead . puss solemnly remove he hat . puss the frog King be dead . shrek the third - final screen script 16 . Fiona start cry . the King suddenly wake up , cough . donkey ( to puss ) put you hat back on , fool . king harold shrek , please come hither . Fiona give shrek a look . shrek walk over to the King . shrek yeah , dad ? king harold this Kingdom need a new king . you and Fiona be next in line for the throne . shrek ooo . next in line . now you see dad , that 's why people love you . even on you deathb you be still make joke . the King stare at shrek , stone - face . shrek lean in closer . shrek oh , come on dad ... a ogre as King ? I do not think that 's such a good idea . there 's get to be somebody else . anybody ? king harold aside from you there be only one remain heir . shrek brighten . shrek really !? who be he , dad ? king harold his name be ... be ... be ... shrek what 's he name ? what 's he name ? king harold ...is ... shrek the third - final screen script 17 . shrek lean in closer after each " be , " wait in anticipation . the King start to hyperventilate . fiona daddy ! the King be dead . a fly come out of he mouth and fly away . puss start to take he hat off . the fly buzze into frame . a tongue catch it . puss put he hat back on . king harold ( chew the fly ) his name be Arthur . shrek Arthur ? king harold ( cough ) I know you will do what 's ... ( exhaling ) riiiight ... he succumb . the King really be dead now . queen harold !? shrek dad ? dad ? dad ? donkey bow he head . donkey do you thing , man . puss take he hat off . Fiona start to cry and hug shrek . the weight of the King 's request hit shrek . he be in a state of shock . we hold a moment on the Queen , shrek , Fiona , puss and donkey to let the King 's pass sink in . dissolve to : shrek the third - final screen script 18 . ext . rodeo drive - continuous the street of Far Far away be empty . people be close up the shop on rodeo drive . dissolve to : ext . castle - continuous the knight of Far Far away march toward the castle as the flag be lower to half - mask . ext . pond - later Close on a statue of the late King . shrek , Fiona , the Queen , and all the Fairy -tale creature and princess have gather for the funeral . the Queen set a old shoe box ( " ye olde footlocker " ) on top of a lily pad and send it float out into the water . a overhead shot show the box float through the lily pad . the camera tilt up to reveal a frog choir , sing " live and let die . " the princess , donkey , puss and the Fairy - tale creature all bow they head solemnly . shrek put he arm around Fiona . the funeral have end and the crowd begin to disperse . shrek , Fiona and the Queen stand by the pond . the Queen sadly gaze at the pond . dissolve to : ext . a bluff overlooking the castle - continuous the camera pull back to reveal a cloak figure , on horseback , overlook the funeral . the figure remove he hood to reveal Prince charm . he give a smug smile , and ride off . CUT to : ext . poisoned apple bar - night Prince charm ride up to the poison Apple bar . shrek the third - final screen script 19 . int . poisoned apple bar - continuous smoke waft through the screen . the camera pan down to the top of a piano where a ashtray with a light cigarette burn and a brandy sifter be fill with coin . the camera pan over to a sing witch who turn around to reveal a microphone in she hand . the sing witch start to sing " I have never be to I " by Nancy Wilson . the bar be fill with various Fairy -tale villain . two pirate sit forlornly with they mug . the puppet master take a drink out of a beer mug . he be surround by a bunch of empty beer mug . Prince charm enter the bar . a group be gather around cyclops riding a medieval mechanical bull , hoot and holler . the bull stop and the villain turn to look at Prince charm . Prince charm hang he cape on a tree branch . the camera adjust right to reveal the branch be actually one of the evil tree , who fling the cape to the floor . everyone take notice as Prince charm walk through . Little Red Riding Hood be sit on a pile of book at a table . evil dwarve glare in Prince charm 's direction . Prince charm walk by a pair of witch ( one be the evil Queen from snow White ) play pool . the evil Queen scratch when she see he and the pool ball go fly into the headless horseman 's neck . Prince charm walk by the sing witch . he reach the bar , pull out a handkerchief , place it over the bar stool , and sit . Prince charm spot the bartender with she back to he . he clear he throat . prince charming what do a Prince have to do to get a drink around here ? mabel , the other ugly stepsister , rise up in front a poster with a smile beer wench . prince charming ah mabel , why they call you a ugly stepsister I will never know . he wink at she . she glare at he . prince charming where 's doris , take the night off ? shrek the third - final screen script 20 . mabel she 's not welcome here and neither be you . she spit into the mug and wipe it with a towel . mabel ( cont 'd ) what do you want , charm ? prince charming oh not much , just a chance at redemption ... ( laugh ) and a fuzzy navel . Prince charm stand up and turn to the bar patron . prince charming and fuzzy navel for all my friend ! Captain hook rip he hook across the piano key . the sing witch bare she tooth . the witch break they pool cue . the puppet master break he beer mug . captain hook we be not you friend . Prince charm grow nervous . the villain all approach Prince charm . from behind the bar , mabel grab Prince charm by he shoulder and pin he on top of the bar . prince charming ahh ! Captain hook place he hook against Prince charm 's neck . captain hook you do not belong here . prince charming you be right ; oh , I mean you be absolutely right , but I mean , do any of we ? cyclop do a number on he face ! shrek the third - final screen script 21 . prince charming no , no , wait , wait , wait ! we be more alike than you think . Prince charm turn to the evil Queen . prince charming wick witch . the Seven dwarve save snow White and then what happen ? evil queen oh , what 's it to you ? prince charming they leave you the un-fairest of they all . and now here you be , hustling pool to get you next meal . how do that feel ? evil queen pretty unfair . Prince charm begin to work the crowd . prince charming and you ? you star puppet abandon the show to go and find he father . puppet master I hate that little wooden puppet . Prince charm turn to Captain hook . prince charming and hook ... Prince charm look down at the hook . prince charming ( cont 'd ) ... need I say more ? Captain hook back off , feel insecure about he appendage . prince charming and you ! frumpypigskin . rumplestiltskin rumplestiltskin . prince charming where 's that first - bear you be promise , hey ? shrek the third - final screen script 22 . rumplestiltskin caress a pacifier tattoo on he forearm . Prince charm gain more confidence as he confront mabel . prince charming mabel , remember how you could not get you little fat foot into that tiny glass slipper ? mabel sigh . prince charming cinderella be in Far Far away right now , eat bon bon , cavort with every little last Fairy - tale creature that have ever do you wrong . Prince charm now have everyone 's attention . prince charming once upon a time , someone decide that we be the loser . but there be two side to every story . and we side have not be tell . the crowd listen , rapt . prince charming so who will join I ? who want to come out on top for once ? who want they happily ever after ?! the crowd of villain cheer and start get rowdy . a bar room brawl ensue . Prince charm look on , shocked . he duck out of the way of a fly liquor bottle . he smile nervously and lift he fruity , fuzzy navel to drink . CUT to : ext . dock - dusk the camera boom down from the lighthouse . blind mouse # 1 this way gent . the blind mouse stumble and fall try to get down the step to the dock . the Fairy - tale creature and Dragon have gather to wish shrek , puss and donkey a bon voyage as they set off to retrieve Arthur . shrek the third - final screen script 23 . on the dock , two dronkey chase a seagull as the camera pan over to puss who break free of the embrace of a lady cat . puss it 's out of my hand senorita , the wind of fate have blow on my destiny . but I will never forget you . you be the love of my life . off-screen , a cat meow and walk towards puss . puss ( cont 'd ) as be you ... camera pull out to reveal more and more cat approach puss . puss ( cont 'd ) and you . puss start walk away as two of the cat begin to engage in a cat fight . they be hiss at each other as puss back away from they and into another . puss ( cont 'd ) and , uh ... hi . I do not know you , but I would like to . I gotta go . puss run out of frame . cut to Dragon , who be talk to donkey . puss run past they in the background . Dragon let out a soft wail . donkey I know , I know ... I do not want to leave you either baby , but you know how shrek be . the dude 's lose without I . she give he a understanding smile . donkey but do not worry . I will send you airmail kiss everyday ! he blow she a kiss and she catch it . he look down at he child , hold back tear . donkey alright , be strong baby ! be strong . now , Coco , peanut , you listen to mama , alright ? and bananas , no more roastin ' marshmallow on you sister 's head . shrek the third - final screen script 24 . bananas let out a fiery sneeze . donkey ah , that 's my special boy . oh , come over here , all of you . give you daddy a big hug ! the baby dronkey fly around they daddy . the dronkey that Fiona be hold fly off to join donkey and the other . Fiona nervously take in a breath . fiona shrek , maybe you should just stay and be King . shrek oh , c'mon , there 's no way I could ever run a kingdom . that 's why you cousin Arthur 's the perfect choice . fiona it 's not that . no . it 's , you see ... shrek ( cont 'd ) and if he give I any trouble , I have always get persuasion and reason . ( hold up he right fist ) here 's persuasion , ( hold up he leave fist ) and here 's reason . shrek chuckle . Fiona give he a look . shrek reassure she . shrek Fiona , soon it 's just gonna be you and I and we swamp . fiona ( hesitant ) it 's not go to be just you and I . the ship 's fog horn sound . ship captain all aboard ! shrek the third - final screen script 25 . shrek it will be . I promise . I love you . he kiss she and join puss and donkey on the boat . he title proudly read : h.r.m crushing responsibility ii the boat set sail . the dronkey spell out " we Love you daddy " with smoke in the sky . fairytale creature awwwwwwwww ! pig # 1 that 's lovely . donkey wave to he kid , sob . donkey bye bye baby ! Fiona run after the boat . fiona shrek ! shrek lean against the rail , call out to she . shrek yeah ? fiona wait ! shrek what be it ? she smile and take a deep breath . fiona I be , I be - the ship Captain blow a fog horn and cut she off . shrek smile back at she . shrek ( laugh ) I love you too honey ! fiona no ... no , I say I be pr- shrek the third - final screen script 26 . the ship Captain start to blow again . shrek grab the horn and throw it overboard . shrek you be what ?! fiona I say I be pregnant ! the Fairy -tale creature behind Fiona cheer . shrek ( do not want to believe he ear ) uh ... what be that ? fiona you be go to be a father ! shrek ( nervous laugh ) that 's great . fiona really ? I be glad you think so ! I love you . shrek smile back at Fiona . shrek yeah ... ( nervous laugh ) I too ... you ... Fiona smile as the Queen place a hand on she shoulder . overjoyed at the news , donkey pop up onto the railing . donkey I be gonna be a uncle . I be gonna be a uncle ! I be gonna be a uncle ! puss oh , and you my friend be royally -- the fog horn blast again as the boat disappear into the fog . shrek the third - final screen script 27 . ext . boat cabin - night the boat travel along in the open sea . shrek be fast asleep as the boat travel through a estuary and beach itself . shrek wake up . he open the cabin door . shrek ahhh . Home . he smile to himself . the boat have beach itself right outside of shrek 's swamp house . he leap off the boat . shrek woohoo ! ext . swamp house - continuous shrek take a deep breath of swamp air . shrek ahh . he skip and dance happily toward he house . fiona ( o.s. ) shrek !? shrek ooo . ( laugh ) int . swamp house - continuous he sashays through the front door with he eye close , present himself . shrek Fiona ! after a moment of silence , he open he eye , realize that Fiona be not there . shrek Fiona ? he look around the room , puzzle . the door slam close behind he . shrek the third - final screen script 28 . a baby carriage roll slowly into frame behind he . he turn slowly and see the baby carriage cover with a blanket . shrek remove the blanket , revealing a baby ogre , smile innocently at he . shrek huh ? oh no . the baby burp . shrek ( amuse ) better out than in , I always say . ha ha ! ogre baby hiccup ! this time the baby 's burp turn into projectile vomit aim directly at shrek . shrek put he hand up to block the vomit , but to no avail . the baby continue to vomit , but eventually stop after completely soiling himself and shrek . the baby look like it 's about to cry . shrek raise he hand . shrek no , no , no , no , no , no . ha , ha . it 's okay . it 's gonna be alright . shrek pick the baby up , smile at it cautiously . he hold it awkwardly for a few second , then look up and realize that he house be fill with baby . ogre baby Da - Da ! Babies roll around he live room , tear the fabric off he chair . the chair recline , catapult one of the baby onto shrek 's head . a stand lamp with a baby on top fall , and shrek dive to catch he . another baby be pull the tablecloth , cause lethal knife to fly straight at he . shrek snatch the baby away just before he be impale . one of the baby strike a match near the fireplace . shrek run over , pick up the baby and blow out the match . he take a baby out of the cauldron . shrek hey ! hey , hey , wait ! would ya ? no , no . stop ! hey , hey , hey . no. shrek panic . a baby be knock glass jar off the shelf . shrek catch he before he crawl off of it . shrek run through the room pick up baby . shrek the third - final screen script 29 . int . shrek' bedroom - continuous after he have collect as many baby as he can , shrek slide open the curtain to he bedroom . shrek huh ? he see a baby sit in he bed , smile up at he . the baby shrug . ogre baby bubabatoo ? suddenly , shrek hear a loud rumble . he turn around . Babies start pour out of the window and the fireplace . first there be one , then two , then thirty more follow . hundred of they start pile in . shrek make a run for the doorway , but no matter how hard he run , the doorway keep get farther and farther away ! he keep try , hundred of baby trail behind . int . graduation stage - continuous finally , shrek reach the door and open it . he slam it shut behind he and close he eye . everything be quiet . he open he eye and find himself on stage in front of he high school . shrek look up to find a graduation cap on he head . the audience be full of ogre baby laugh at he . the camera pull back to reveal shrek stand at the podium , naked . CUT to : ext . boat deck - dawn , continuous shrek 's eye pop open , he sit upright and try to compose himself . shrek ahhhh ! oh , donkey ! donkey , wake - up ! donkey and puss turn around , but they both have baby - ogre face ! donkey make a baby noise . as the camera zoom in , donkey 's eye glow red and he tooth become sharp and pointy . shrek the third - final screen script 30 . donkey ( with ogre baby head ) da-da ! a fog horn blow . shrek bolt upright again . donkey and puss wake up . shrek ahhhh ! he breath heavily , try to compose himself . donkey shrek . shrek , be you okay ? shrek oh ... I can not believe I be go to be a father . donkey and puss look at each other . he get up and walk to the ship 's railing . shrek how do this happen ? puss allow I to explain . you see , when a man have certain feeling for a woman , a powerful urge sweep over he ... shrek I know how it happen . I just can not believe it . shrek walk away . donkey lean over to puss . donkey how do it happen ? puss roll he eye at donkey . CUT to : donkey see shrek at the back of the boat stare out at the distant horizon . he walk up next to he friend . donkey ( singing ) and the cat 's in the cradle and the silver spoon , ( more ) shrek the third - final screen script 31 . donkey ( cont 'd ) Little boy blue and the man in the moon . shrek roll he eye . donkey ( cont 'd ) " when you come home , son ? " " I do not know when , but we will get together then , dad - " shrek cut donkey off . shrek donkey , can you just cut to the part where you be suppose to make I feel better ? shrek slump against the rail . puss hop up on the railing and whisper into shrek 's other ear . puss you know I love Fiona , boss . right ? ( confidentially ) but what I be talk about here be you , I , my cousin 's boat , a ice - cold pitcher of mojito , and two week of nothing but fishing . puss make a " let 's go fishing " gesture by casting a imaginary rod into the ocean . donkey be right there to whisper in shrek 's other ear . donkey man , do not you listen to he . have a baby be not go to ruin you life . shrek it 's not my life I be worried about ruin . it 's the kid 's . donkey and puss pause as shrek rant . shrek I mean ... when have you ever hear the phrase " as sweet as a ...ogre " or " as nurture as ... a ogre " or how `bout ... " you be gonna ' love my dad ... he 's a real ogre . " shrek the third - final screen script 32 . donkey okay , okay I get it ! nobody say it be go to be easy . but at least you get we to help you out . shrek that 's true . he think for a moment . shrek I be doom . donkey you will be fine . ship captain you be finish . everyone turn to look at the Captain who clear he throat . ship captain uh , with you journey . he point to shore . a majestic castle stand proudly on a nearby bluff . CUT to : ext . worcestershire academy - day shrek , puss and donkey stand at the entrance to the castle . donkey read the sign hang over the entrance . donkey wor-ce -ter-shireee . now that sound fancy . shrek it 's worcestershire . donkey like the sauce !? mmmm ... it 's spicy ! the drawbridge to the castle lower . donkey oohh ! they must be expect we . they start over the drawbridge . shrek the third - final screen script 33 . a horse whinny behind they . shrek , donkey , and puss jump out of the way as a medieval school bus storm by . the kid on the back of the bus scream when they see shrek . donkey what in the shista-shire kind of place be this ? shrek suddenly look concerned . shrek well , my stomach aches and my palm just get sweaty . must be a high school . donkey High school ?! ext . school ground - continuous a group of cheerleader practice . cheerleader ready ?! okay ! where for art thou head , to the top ? yeah we think so , we think so ! and dost thou thinkest thine can be stop ? nay we think not ! we think not ! shrek roll he eye and continue on , terrifying student as he walk through the courtyard . female student # 1 ahhhhh ! the kid run away quickly into the student parking lot where a bunch of different style horse - draw carriage be park . a carriage pass in front of shrek that read : " caution - Student Driver . " driver ed instructor all right Mr. percival , just ease up on the reign - the carriage jolt forward and crash off-screen . two stoner kid emerge from a medieval - style " vw " carriage . van student ( cough , cough ) for lo bro , do not burn all my frankincense and myrrh . shrek the third - final screen script 34 . donkey I be already start to feel nauseous from memory of wedgy and swirly ! puss but how do you receive the wedgy when you be clearly not the wearer of the underpant ? donkey let 's just say some thing be better leave unsaid and leave it at that . he notice two female student discuss they love life . guineverre so then I be all like " I would rather get the black plague and lock myself in a iron maiden than go out with you . " tiffany eh , totally . shrek approach they . shrek pardon I ... they flee in terror . guineverre eh! totally ew -th ! tiffany yeah , totally ! a pair of dorky kid play a medieval , role - play board game . gary yes ! I just alter my character level to plus three superbability . shrek hi , we be look for someone name - gary gee , who roll a plus nine " dork " spell and summon the beast and he quadruped . shrek the third - final screen script 35 . xavier ha ! ha ! ( snort ) ah ! the student panic when he nose start to bleed . shrek I know you be busy " not fitting in " but can either of you tell I where I can find Arthur ? while xavier try to control the bleed , Gary point towards the athletic field . gary he 's over there . CUT to : ext . jousting range - continuous in the distance , shrek spot a bold knight atop he steed . he look very impressive as he rear up ready to charge . shrek , donkey and puss arrive to see the beginning of the charge . it 's a exciting back and forth . hoove pound on sand . the knight 's eye steady . the horse rear majestically . the opponent 's eye widen in fear . the lance hit , and the opponent fly through the air and land in front of shrek , puss and donkey . shrek look back at the victorious knight . he remove he helmet revealing a strong handsome face . the knight enjoy he victory . knight ( lancelot ) ha ha ! there be no sweeter taste on thy tongue than victory ! jock oy ! right ! ooo ! ooo ! ooo ! shrek turn to puss . shrek the third - final screen script 36 . shrek strong , handsome , face of a leader . do Arthur look like a King or what ? shrek step forward . teenager ( artie ) ow . shrek look down , he foot plant square in the chest of lancelot 's opponent . shrek step back . shrek oh. sorry . the kid do not budge , he arm and leg still sprawle out where he hit the ground . teenager ( artie ) do you just say you be look for Arthur ? shrek , puss and donkey turn back around . puss that information be on a need to know basis . donkey it 's top secret , hushity hush . CUT to : ext . jousting range - knight area the knight command he troops . knight ( lancelot ) now gentleman let 's away ... to the shower ! jock oy ! right ! ooo ! ooo ! shrek approach the knight . the knight 's horse rear up and he fall off . the horse gallop off . the knight look up at shrek in fear . shrek the third - final screen script 37 . shrek ( cont 'd ) greeting you majesty . this be you lucky day . knight ( lancelot ) so what for like be you suppose to be ? some kind of giant mutant leprechaun or something ? shrek oh , ho , ho , ho . giant mutant leprechaun ... you make a funny . shrek scoops up the knight , toss he over he shoulder , ogre-style . knight ( lancelot ) unhand I , monster ! shrek stop squirming , Arthur . knight ( lancelot ) I be not Arthur ! shrek stop and hold lancelot above he head . lancelot try to regain he dignity . lancelot I be lancelot . lancelot point across the school yard . lancelot that dork over there be Arthur ! he point to the teenage arthur , skulking away across the school yard . shrek hey ! artie turn he head briefly , but keep on walk . shrek sigh and dump lancelot to the ground . lancelot aaah . shrek storm off towards the school . puss and donkey catch up . one of the female student step in front of shrek . shrek the third - final screen script 38 . guineverre ahem ! this be like totally embarrassing , but my friend Tiffany thinkest thou vex she so soothly ... the other girl giggle . guineverre and she think perchance thou would wanna ask she to the homecome dance or something ... shrek uh , excuse I ? guineverre it 's like whatever . she 's just totally into college guy and mythical creature and stuff . she pop she gum . CUT to : int . hallway - later shrek and puss search the hallway , look for artie . shrek oh Arthur ! come out , come out wherever you be ... off-screen we hear mumble from inside a locker . shrek and puss look as donkey push the locker door open . he have be stuff inside . off -screen we hear some student laugh . donkey yeah , you better run , you little punk no good - nik , `cause the day of " Little donkey dumpy drawer " be over ! a " I suck -eth " sign have be tape donkey 's butt . shrek spot student enter the gymnasium . they approach a hall monitor who stop they . hall monitor hold it ... two mascot costume student walk up to the hall monitor . shrek the third - final screen script 39 . costume student 1 we be here for the mascot Contest . costume student 2 grrrrr ! the Hall monitor wave they in . shrek get a idea . shrek ( pleased with himself ) we be here for the mascot Contest too . the Hall monitor reach out and start painfully pinching and pull shrek 's skin . shrek try to hide the pain . hall monitor ( suspicious ) this be a costume ? shrek ( recovering ) aaaiyyyy ... work on it all night long ! the Hall monitor let he face snap back into place . shrek struggle not to scream in agony . Hall monitor be still suspicious . hall monitor look pretty real to I . puss if it be real could I do this ? puss 's claw snap out one at a time like jack - knife and then puss jab all the claw deep into shrek 's butt . donkey or this ? donkey kick shrek hard in the groin with he hind leg . shrek wince and sweat . shrek ( unbelievably strained ) he 's right ! if it be real that would have be agonizingly painful ! donkey now watch this .... shrek the third - final screen script 40 . shrek ( interrupting ; through gritted teeth ) that 's quite enough boy . int . gymnasium - continuous principal pynchley preside over a assembly for the entire student body . he speak through a megaphone . principal pynchley thank you to Professor primbottom for he invigorate lecture on how to just say " nay " . two student be stand next to pynchley . one be dress up like a dragon and the other as a griffin . principal pynchley and now , without further ado , let 's give a warm Worcestershire- hoozah to the winner of we " New mascot " contest ... the -- shrek burst through the double - door of the gym . principal pynchley ( cont 'd ) --ogre ? the student gasp as shrek march forward . shrek that 's right . I be the new mascot . so let 's really try and beat the other guy ... at whatever it be they be do . the band play smashmouth 's " rock Star . " principal pynchley this be indeed all a bit unorthodox . without break stride , shrek grab principal pynchley 's megaphone . shrek now , where can I find Arthur pendragon ? shrek the third - final screen script 41 . the student all point ... to the basketball hoop , where artie hang helplessly . shrek , donkey and puss turn and look up and see the freshly wedgied student . the student laugh . in the front row , lancelot bump fist with bohort . lancelot classic . donkey turn to lancelot . donkey you should be ashamed of yourself . lancelot I do not do it . they do . lance point to the d&amp ; D nerd . they be beside themselves with nasal laughter . nosebleed boy start bleed again . shrek reach up and pull artie down to eye level . artie please do not eat I . student ( chanting ) eat he ! eat he ! even principal pynchley get catch up in the excitement . principal pynchley eat he ! shrek yank on artie and pull he off the hoop . shrek I be not here to eat he . student awww . shrek it 's time to pack up you toothbrush and jammy . you be the new King of Far Far away . artie what ? the student react with surprise and disbelief . shrek the third - final screen script 42 . lancelot artie a King ? more like the Mayor of loserville . bohort Nice one lance ! they high five . the tuba player play a wha-wha- wha . lancelot burn . everyone laugh . artie be this for real ? shrek absolutely . now clean out you locker , kid . you have get a kingdom to run . artie so wait , I be really the only heir ? shrek pause for just a moment , then ... shrek the one and only . artie give I just a second . artie turn back to the crowd and deliver a heartfelt speech . artie my good people , I think there 's a lesson here for all of we . maybe the next time you be about to dunk a kid 's head in a chamber pot , you will stop and think , hey , maybe this guy have feeling . maybe I should cut he some slack . because maybe , just maybe ... this guy 's gonna turn out to be , uh ... I dunno... a King ! and maybe he first royal decree will be to banish everyone who ever pick on he -- that 's right , I be look at you , jousting team . artie point and lancelot and he buddy look horrify . shrek the third - final screen script 43 . artie and gwen ... oh gwen . I have always love you . guineverre ew . artie well good friend , it break my heart , but , enjoy you stay here in prison while I rule the free world baby ! shrek alright , let 's not overdo it . artie I be building my city people ! on rock and Roll ! shrek you just overdid it . shrek shove the kid through the door . artie ow ! shrek , donkey , and puss exit the gymnasium . CUT to : int . library - day all the princess and Fairy -tale creature have gather for Fiona 's baby shower . a group of bird gently place a flower wreath on Fiona 's head . the princess all gaze at she . princess ( gasp ) oh ! snow white look at you ! rapunzel wow ! snow white you look darling ! shrek the third - final screen script 44 . sleeping beauty just precious ! look at she ! rapunzel so , have you have any craving since you have be pregnant ? Fiona stand at the buffet table , stuff she face with cake , pie , and anything else she can get she hand on . fiona ( mouth full ) no , no , not at all . she take another bite . fiona do you smell ham ? snow white ( singing ) oooh ! it 's present time ! the bird and forest creature all flock to snow White . they chirp and hoot happily . snow White look annoyed . cinderella oh , Fiona , will not you please open mine first ? it 's the one in front . Fiona read the card . fiona ( reading ) " congratulation on you new mess maker ... " oh , `mess maker . ' ( laugh ) " hopefully this help . Love , cinderella . " Fiona open it and pull out a plastic baggy and pooper - scooper . princess oooo ! aaaah ! doris will you look at that ! sleeping beauty what be it ? shrek the third - final screen script 45 . cinderella it 's for the poopy . sleeping beauty eww . wait , baby poop ? rapunzel everyone poop beauty . the Fairy - tale creature get excited . pig # 2 Fiona ... pig # 1 Fiona ! we all chip in for a little present too . pig yah ! pinocchio spin around , revealing a " baby -bjorn " with gingerbread man inside . gingerbread man / pinocchio ta dah ! princess oooh . gingerbread man you know the baby 's gonna love it because I do ! fiona oh , you guy , that 's so sweet . thank you . Fiona turn to another present . fiona who 's this one from ? snow white I get you the biggest one because I love you the most . the other girl scowl at she . fiona ( read the card ) " have one on I , love snow White " shrek the third - final screen script 46 . Fiona pull the string , open the box to reveal a dwarf . fiona ( confuse ) umm ... what be it ? snow white ha , haaa ! he 's a live - in baby - sitter . nanny dwarf where 's the baby ? fiona you be too kind , snow , but I can not accept this . snow white think nothing of it . I have get six more at home . fiona what do he do ? cinderella the clean . snow white the feed . nanny dwarf the burping . fiona so what be shrek and I suppose to do ? rapunzel well , now you will have plenty of time to work on you marriage . fiona gee thanks rapunzel , and what 's that suppose to mean ? rapunzel oh , come on now , Fiona . you know what happen . cinderella prod beauty . shrek the third - final screen script 47 . sleeping beauty ( waking ) huh ? you be tired all the time ... snow white you will start let yourself go ... gingerbread man stretch mark ! rapunzel say goodbye to romance . Dragon put she head through the window . dragon yort . fiona um sorry ... but how many of you have kid ? doris wedge herself in on the couch . doris she 's right . a baby be only gonna strengthen the love that shrek and Fiona have . how do shrek react when you tell he ? tell I ! Fiona smile . fiona well , when he first find out ... shrek say - dragon roarrr ! CUT to : ext . sky above far far away - day the Fairy -tale villain be head into town on fly broomstick . the evil tree be hang underneath some of the large broomstick . Prince charm be riding side saddle with one of the witch . prince charming ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) onward my new friend . ( more ) shrek the third - final screen script 48 . prince charming ( cont 'd ) to we happily ever after ! ha ha ha ha ha ! a bug fly into he mouth . prince charming gaa ! gulp ! ahhhh ! Prince charm take the bug out of he mouth . prince charming now , bomb away ! from the sky , Prince charm , cyclops and the evil Witches swoop down in " winge " formation on the broomstick . the evil tree be drop like bomb . they pull they branch ( i.e. rip cord ) to activate they plumage as parachute . Prince charm and he army dive bomb towards rodeo drive . ext . rodeo drive - continuous a Pov shot of a evil witch fly over rodeo drive . people be diving out of she way . the evil tree land , surround the shopper , who flee in terror . evil tree ha ha ha ha ha ha ! a shadow fall over the child , and he look up to reveal Captain hook and the headless horseman on horseback . captain hook well , well , well . if it be not Peter pan. mother his name 's not Peter ! captain hook shut it , Wendy ! mother ahhh ! evil dwarve chase patron from the " ye olde booteria " shop . they replace a few letter on a store window and turn it into " ye olde hooters . " the excited patron race back in . shrek the third - final screen script 49 . a evil knight scare the patron of farbuck away and then take a seat to drink the unfinish coffee . another villain throw a cart through a store window . cyclops rip the stamp off some envelope , put the envelope back in the mailbox and laugh . cyclop ha , ha , ha , ha ! the camera pan up to Prince charm on the broomstick fly down rodeo drive . prince charming enough pillaging ! to the castle ! Prince charm , on the broom , lead the Fairy -tale villain up to the castle . CUT to : ext . castle - continuous the evil Witches surround the castle . Dragon take down one of the witch fly by , but more evil Witches circle she . Fiona run to the window . the evil Witches drop a metal net over Dragon . she struggle . dragon roarrrr ! CUT to : int . library - continuous bang ! the Fairy - tale creature run to barricade the door . the Three Pigs and pinocchio push a dresser and other furniture in front of the door . the Fairy - tale creature be fortifying the room . they brace themselves against the furniture . gingerbread man ( to fiona ) you go and take care of the baby ! the princess panic . shrek the third - final screen script 50 . snow white everybody stay calm . we be all go to die ! doris slap snow White to calm she down . snow white ( whimper ) Fiona rush to the fireplace and push it to one side , revealing a underground passageway . fiona everyone in ! now . int . outside library door - continuous Prince charm command the villain . prince charming c'mon . put some back into it people ! the villain use a evil Tree as a batter ram . cyclops ride the tree like a mechanical bull . cyclop yee -haw ! ow . int . library - continuous boom ! the door be start to give way . fiona we do not have time . now go ! queen quickly lady ! the princess go down the stair . gingerbread man we will hold they off as long as we can ! boom ! there be a loud explosion and the door blow open . Prince charm and the fairy-tale villain enter . he spot the Fairy -tale creature have a tea party . shrek the third - final screen script 51 . prince charming where be shrek and Fiona ? gingerbread man name do not ring a bell . pig # 1 yah ! pig # 2 no bell ! the Fairy - tale creature go back to drink they tea . prince charming I suggest you freak cooperate with the new King of Far Far away . gingerbread man the only thing you be ever gonna be King of be " King of the stupid . " Prince charm snap he finger . prince charming hook ! captain hook right ! Captain hook approach gingerbread man. captain hook avast , ye cookie ! he raise he hook under gingerbread man 's chin . captain hook start talkin ' ! gingerbread man try to hold strong , but pass out . a montage of gingerbread man 's life flash before he eye . int . bakery - day a baker pull some gingerbread cookie out of the oven . he put on the gum drop button and gingerbread man be bear . muffin man gingy ! shrek the third - final screen script 52 . gingerbread man papa ! int . gingerbread classroom - day gingerbread man be attend school . teacher settle down , now . gingerbread man graduate . ext . road trip - day gingerbread man be drive in he car with the top down . int . movie theater - night gingerbread man be make out with he girlfriend at a movie . ext . church - day gingerbread man and he bride run down the aisle as man and wife . int . farquaad' castle - day gingerbread man be lock in a jail . farquaad pull off he leg . int . gym - day gingerbread man be run on a treadmill , do he rehabilitation . ext . wheat field - day gingerbread man be run through a wheat field . CUT back to : int . library - continuous gingerbread man be still in a dream state sing . shrek the third - final screen script 53 . gingerbread man ( singing ) " on the good ship lollypop , it 's a sweet trip , to the candy shop , where the bon bon play , on the sunny beach of peppermint Bay .. " Prince charm become frustrated , he turn pinocchio 's head towards he . prince charming you ! you can not lie . so tell I puppet ... where be shrek ?! pinocchio think . pinocchio ( nervous ) well , I do not know where he 's not . Prince charm get in pinocchio 's face . prince charming you be tell I you do not know where shrek be ? pinocchio be still a little nervous . pinocchio it would not be inaccurate to assume that I could not exactly not say that be or be not almost partially incorrect . pinocchio think he have the upper hand . prince charming so you do know where he be ! pinocchio on the contrary , I be possibly more or less , not definitely rejecting the idea , that in no way , with any amount of uncertainty that ... prince charming stop it . pinocchio ( cont 'd ) ... I undeniably do or do not know where he should not probably be . shrek the third - final screen script 54 . Captain hook scratch he head , even the Three Little Pigs be frustrated . pinocchio if that indeed be not where he be not . even if he be not not where I know he be could mean that I would not completely not know where he be not . gingerbread man continue to sing he " lollipop song . " pig # 1 oh , enough ! shrek go off to bring back the next heir ! oh ! the pig realize he admission and immediately cover he mouth . pinocchio laugh nervously . prince charming he 's bring back the next heir ? pinocchio no ! pinocchio 's nose grow . prince charming hook ! get rid of this new " King . " captain hook right ! prince charming but bring shrek to I . I have something special in mind for he . pinocchio he will never fall for you trick ! pinocchio 's nose grow again . wolf oh boy . CUT to : ext . boat deck - dusk the boat cut through the open sea . artie smile as he watch worcestershire shrink away on the horizon . shrek the third - final screen script 55 . artie I can not believe it ... I a King ? I ... I mean I know I come from royalty and all , but I just figure everyone forget about I . he look out to sea , disbely . shrek oh no , in fact , the King ask for you personally . artie smile . artie really ? wow ! look , I know it 's not all gonna be fun and game . shrek it really be all fun and game , actually . sure , you have to knight a few heroes , launch a ship or two . by the way , make sure you hit the boat just right with the bottle . artie Boat with the bottle ? any idiot can hit a boat with a bottle . shrek chuckle sheepishly . shrek well , I have hear it 's harder than it look . artie whoa !! this be gonna be huge . party , princess , castle ... princess . donkey it 's gonna be great , artie . you will be live in the lap of luxury . they get the finest chef around wait for you to place you order . puss jump up onto the railing next to artie . puss and fortunately you will have the royal food taster . shrek the third - final screen script 56 . artie ( intrigued ) ) oh yeah ? what do they do ? puss they taste the food before the King eat , to make sure it 's not poison . artie poison ? shrek sense trouble and immediately step in . shrek or too salty ! shrek turn to puss and donkey , try to shut they up . donkey ( to artie ) do not worry about it . you will be safe and sound with the help of you body guard . artie body guard ? puss all of they , willing at a moment 's notice to lay down they own life out of devotion to you . artie really ? puss Si , and the whole kingdom will look to you for wisdom and guidance . behind artie , shrek mouth " shut - up " to puss and donkey . donkey just make sure they do not die of famine . puss or plague . donkey oh , plague be bad . shrek the third - final screen script 57 . puss the cough , the groan , the fester sore . shrek interrupt with a mock laugh . shrek oh ! fester sore ! hey , you be one funny kitty cat . puss what do I say ? shrek we do not want artie here get the wrong idea . shrek motion to artie , but he 's go . they all look around . shrek ( cont 'd ) uh , artie ? the boat suddenly pitch to the right . shrek brace himself . puss and donkey tumble away . all whoa ! artie swing the wheel around , send the boat back in the direction of he school . shrek work he way into the cabin and gain control of the wheel . the drunken ship Captain slide by . ship captain whoa ! oh , there go my hip . shrek artie ! shrek turn the wheel the other way . shrek ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! the boat veer again , head back toward Far Far away . artie fall to the ground and slide to the back of the boat . a shuffle board stick slide next to artie . he grab it . artie what do it look like ?! he jam it in the boat 's wheel . the boat lurch . shrek the third - final screen script 58 . he swing the boat back in the other direction . shrek rise up and grab the wheel and turn it . shrek this really be not up to you ! artie fall underneath the wheel . he stand up shove the wheel back the other way . artie but I do not know anything about be King ! shrek you will learn on the job ! donkey and puss roll across the deck . donkey whoaaa ! shrek grab the wheel and swing it around . artie yank the wheel . they wrestle for control . artie sorry to disappoint you , but I be go back ! shrek back to what ? be a loser ?! as soon as the word leave he lip , shrek know he 's go too far . stung , artie let go of the wheel , leave shrek to yank hard on it . he pull the steering column from the decking . shrek ( cont 'd ) now look what you do ! artie look what I do ? who 's hold the wheel chief ? donkey climb up onto the railing . he be seasick and be about to puke when he see jag rock ahead . donkey ( swallowing ; then shout ) shrek ! shrek desperately set the wheel back down and try to steer the ship clear of the rock . shrek the third - final screen script 59 . the camera pan past the boat . off -screen we hear the boat crash into the rock . ship captain ( o.s. ) land ho ! ext . beach - dusk shrek , hold puss and donkey , stagger onto a small beach . he glare at artie who pull himself out of the surf . shrek drop puss and donkey . puss , tired of be wet , shake himself vigorously . his fur puff up into a for . he drop he head in shame . puss how humiliate ... shrek oh , nice go , you highness . artie oh , so now it 's " you highness ? " what happen to " loser ? " huh ? shrek hey , if you think this be get you out of anything , well it be not . we be head back to Far Far away one way or another , and you be gonna be a father ! artie raise a eyebrow . puss and donkey stare at shrek uncomfortably . artie what ? donkey ( clear he throat ) a-hem . you just say father ... shrek you be ... I say king . you be gonna be King ! artie ( imitating shrek ) " you be gonna be King ! " yeah right . shrek the third - final screen script 60 . artie shake he head and march down the beach toward a path into the wood . shrek where do you think you be go ? artie Far Far away ... from you ! shrek you get back here young man and I mean it ! artie keep climb . puss uh boss , I do not think he 's come back and maybe it 's for the best . he be not exactly king material . shrek look towards artie . donkey when be you plan on tell he that you be really suppose to be King ? shrek oh c'mon , now why would I do that ? besides , he will be ten time better at it than I . shrek start off after artie . donkey jump in front of shrek . donkey hey , woah ho ho , shrek . then you be gonna have to change you tactic if you want to get anywhere with this kid . beat . shrek you be right , donkey . shrek pick up a piece of driftwood . shrek what about this ? donkey shake he head in disgust . shrek the third - final screen script 61 . donkey shrek ! shrek toss the log . shrek oh c'mon . it 's just a joke . ( laugh ) still ... shrek walk off , try to catch up to artie . ext . forest - moment later artie march up the mountain trail . shrek think for a moment and then try a different tactic with the kid . he catch up to artie . shrek listen artie ... artie look back over he shoulder . he see shrek and just keep go . shrek ( cont 'd ) if you think this whole mad scene be not dope , I feel you dude . I mean , I be not try to get up in you grill or raise you roof or whatever , but what I be scream be , yo , check out this kazing thazing bazaby . puss and donkey glance at each other . artie notice a cottage in the distance and head toward it . shrek I mean , if it do not groove or what I be say be not straight trippin ' , just say , oh no you do not , you know , you be gettin ' on my last nerve . and then I will know it 's ... then I will know it 's whack -- pass a tree , artie nonchalantly release the branch , strike shrek square in the face and take off run . shrek the third - final screen script 62 . ext . merline camp -- continuous a boil soup pot sit over a fire in front of a small shack . artie charge though , pound desperately on the door . artie somebody help ! i've be kidnapped by a monster try to relate to I ! shrek artie ! wait ! shrek , puss , and donkey run into the camp . artie c'mon ! c'mon ! help ! help ! hello ? suddenly , a burst of light shoot through a candle box that be hang on the door . a bright , colorful image of a old wizard 's head be project out . donkey be terrify . donkey ahhhh ! wizard head ( merlin ) greeting cosmic child of the universe , and welcome to my serenity circle ! shrek watch . wizard head ( merlin ) please leave any bad vibe outside the heal vortex . and now prepare ... with a " fzzzzt " and a " bloop " , the image disappear . the door open and a tiny old man , merlin , come out . merlin I know I should of get that warranty ! merlin smashes the security device with he little fist and be promptly zap in the head . shrek the third - final screen script 63 . merlin ahh ! ow , ow , ow , ow , ow . artie Mr. merlin ? shrek you know this guy ? artie yeah . he be the school 's magic teacher until he have he nervous breakdown . merlin uh , technically I be merely a victim of a level three fatigue , and at the request of my therapist and the school authority , I have retire to the tranquility of nature to discover my divine purpose . merlin smack a fly that have land on he head . shrek and artie stare in astonishment . merlin now , can I interest anyone in a snack or beverage ? shrek uh , no . merlin offer up a baking dish full of rock . merlin sure you do not wanna try my famous rock au-gratin ? merlin take a bite and chew loudly . his gum be bleed from eat rock . merlin it 's organic ! they both stare at he uncomfortably . shrek the third - final screen script 64 . shrek oh , thanks , I just eat a boulder on the way in . what we need be direction back to Far Far away . artie what 's with the " we " ? who say I be go with you ? shrek oh , I do . Cause there 's a lot of people count on you so do not try and weasel out of it . artie if it 's such a great job , why do not you do it ? shrek understand this kid , it 's no more Mr. Nice guy from here on out ! artie oh , so that be you " Mr. Nice guy ? " shrek I know , and I be gonna miss he . artie you know what ? why do not you go terrorize a village and leave I alone ? shrek oh , be that some kind of crack about ogre ? you get you royal highness to Far Far away before I kick it there . ( to merlin ) now which way be I kick ? merlin oh , I could tell you . but since you be in the midst of self - destructive rage spiral it would be karmic -ly irresponsible . shrek self-destructive rarr ... ( to merlin ) look , be you gonna help we or not ? shrek the third - final screen script 65 . merlin most definitely , but only after you take the journey to you soul . shrek yeah , I do not think so . merlin look pal , it 's either that or some primal scream therapy . ahhhhhhhhhh ! shrek grab merlin 's mouth and close it . shrek alright , alright ... journey to the soul ... CUT to : ext . merlin be camp - later a fire blaze . merlin throw a handful of dirt into the fire , it flare . merlin now all of you , look into the " Fire of Truth " and tell I what you see ! yah ! ha ! ( Wild war cry ) woo-looo-looo-looo ! he point at the smoke and it start to form object ( i.e. Rorschach inkblot ) . puss and donkey , excited , sit by the fire . donkey ooo! charade ! okay , I see a dutch fudge torte with cinnamon swirl . merlin okay . monster , go for it . shrek glance at the fire . the stroller from he nightmare begin to take shape in the smoke . he blow the image away . he cover he fear and change the subject . shrek I see a rainbow pony . shrek the third - final screen script 66 . merlin excellent work ! ( then ) now ! the boy ! artie this be lame . merlin whacks artie on the back of the head . artie ow ! merlin you be lame ! now just go for it . he toss more dirt and flame burst up . artie study it . artie okay . there 's a baby bird and a father bird sit in a nest . merlin start beat a drum . artie 's expression start to change as he stay focus . merlin yes ! stay with it ! stay with it ! artie wait , the dad just fly away . why do he leave the little bird all alone ? shrek start to take this in as he watch . artie get more work up . artie it 's try to fly , but it do not know how to . it .. it 's gonna fall ! suddenly , artie catch what he say . as the smoke drift away , he look and see everyone else stare back at he , stunne . merlin whew , proper head case you be , be not you ? really mess up . whoa . merlin go back inside . they all stare at artie . shrek the third - final screen script 67 . artie yeah , yeah , okay . I get it . the bird 's I . my dad leave . so what ? donkey give shrek a nudge to go over and talk to artie . shrek hesitates and donkey insist . shrek ( clear throat ) look artie ...um- just as he 's about to get go , " that 's what Friends be for " start play loudly from merlin 's security device drown out any conversation . they all turn toward the shack where merlin peek out . merlin ( loud , over the music ) just think I might help set the mood ! y'know for you big heart to heart chat ! everyone stare at he . he sheepishly turn off the device and shut the door . it 's quiet again . shrek I know what it 's like to not feel ready for something . artie look at he . shrek even ogre get scared ... you know , once in a while . artie I know you want I to be king , but I can not . I be not cut out for it and I never will be , alright ? shrek take this in . artie ( cont 'd ) even my own dad know I be not worth the trouble . he dumped I at that school the first chance he get and I never hear from he again . shrek the third - final screen script 68 . shrek my dad be not really the fatherly type either . artie well , I doubt he be worse than mine . shrek oh yeah ? my father be a ogre . he try to eat I . artie look at shrek . shrek now , I guess I should have see it come . he use to give I a bath in barbecue sauce and put I to bed with a apple in my mouth . artie chuckle at this . artie okay ... I guess that 's ... pretty bad . artie laugh and then poke at the fire . shrek you know , it may be hard to believe what with my obvious charm and good look , but people use to think that I be a monster . and for a long time , I believe they . artie look up at shrek . shrek ( cont 'd ) but after awhile , you learn to ignore the name that people call you and you just trust who you be . artie gently poke at the ember with a stick for a moment . artie you know , you be okay , shrek . he toss the stick into the fire . artie you just need to do a little less yell and use a little more soap . shrek the third - final screen script 69 . shrek thanks artie . artie the soap 's because you stink . really bad . shrek yeah . I get that . the camera slowly boom up and away from the group as the fire continue to burn . CUT to : int . sewer catacomb - continuous the princess , Fiona and the Queen be surround by darkness as they tiptoe down the step and into the catacomb below the castle . they round a corner and step onto a ledge with Fiona lead the way , hold a torch . cinderella oh this place be filthy . I feel like a hobo . Fiona try to keep she frustration in check . snow white I be sorry but this just be not work for I . sleep beauty , still be carry by doris , wake up . sleeping beauty everything 's always about you , be not it ? it 's not like you attitude be help , snow . snow white well maybe it just bother you that I be vote fairest in the land . rapunzel you mean in that rig election ? snow white oh , give I a break . ( gesture toward hair ) ( more ) shrek the third - final screen script 70 . snow white ( cont would ) " rapunzel , rapunzel , let down thy golden extension ! " queen lady , let go of you petty complaint and let 's work together . snow White and rapunzel share a indignant look . Fiona travel deeper into the catacomb . the other princess follow . snow white so I guess the plan be we just wander aimlessly in this stink hole until we rot . fiona no , we be gonna get inside and find out what charm 's up to . doris I know he 's a jerk and everything , but I gotta admit , that charm make I hotter than July . sleeping beauty ew ! rapunzel ugh . finally , Fiona spot what she be look for . fiona that 's it ! Fiona , the Queen and the princess run towards a long ladder and climb up through a grate into the main castle courtyard . ext . castle ground - continuous they peer around a corner and see the construction of a outdoor theater be underway . two stagehand walk by carry a large dragon set piece . evil dwarve be busy painting the set . the finish touch be put on the stage tower . the princess hug the wall as a group of guard march by . rapunzel take off in the other direction , and signal the princess to follow she . shrek the third - final screen script 71 . rapunzel come on , this way ! fiona rapunzel . wait ! Fiona and the princess race after rapunzel . they spot she sprinting into the castle and follow she . they burst through the door and see Prince charm hold rapunzel by the arm . fiona charm , let go of she . a large group of armed Far Far away Guards surround they . Prince charm smile at Fiona . prince charming but why would I want to do that ? rapunzel grrrr ! prince charming woof ! he look back at rapunzel lovingly , and the two share a long kiss . Fiona and the other princess be shocked . fiona what ? prince charming say hello lady , to the new Queen of Far Far away . cinderella clap excitedly . cinderella yaaaaaaaaay ! the princess stare she down . fiona rapunzel , how could you ? rapunzel jealous much ? Prince charm eye up the princess . shrek the third - final screen script 72 . prince charming soon you will be back where you start ... scrubbing floor or lock away in tower ; that be , if I let you last the week . rapunzel but pooky , you promise you would not hurt they ! prince charming not here , " kitten whisker . " daddy will discuss it later . now forgive we , we have a show to put on . fiona shrek will be back soon charm , and you will be sorry . he stop and flash a sadistic smile . prince charming sorry ? do not you realize -- once shrek set foot in Far Far away he 's doom ? Prince charm lead rapunzel out . she look back at they apologetically . everyone wear a look of defeat . the guard march they off . Fiona and the princess be lock away in a prison cell . Fiona look through the bar of the cell , feel helpless . CUT to : ext . wood outside of far far away - day shrek startles awake . he sit up and scratch he head , look around . he realize it 's morning . behind he a peaceful bird land on a tree branch . suddenly , the tree branch that be hold the bird flick it off . shrek sense the movement behind he and turn around to find everything be normal . he turn back around to wake up everyone . the tree start to advance toward shrek . the log artie be sleep on suddenly sit up , knock artie , who be still asleep , to the ground . shrek the third - final screen script 73 . artie ow ! the tree turn around to reveal a evil Tree . donkey finally wake up . donkey ahhh ! the evil tree continue to advance . a piano be hear . the tree part and hook be reveal to be play the piano . the music build to a dramatic finale . Captain hook turn away from he key and face they . donkey look out ! they have get a piano ! captain hook kill `em all . except the fat one . he stare hard at shrek and aim he hook prosthetic . captain hook King charm have something special in mind for you , ogre . shrek be perplex . shrek " King charm ? " captain hook attack ! Pirates charge forward , swinging in from the tree branch . pirate aaaargh ! one land and get he peg-leg stick in the ground . the pirate close in . shrek grab one and throw he to the side . one pirate raise he sword and prepare to swing at artie . shrek artie , duck ! shrek push artie 's head down and the sword narrowly miss he . the pirate prepare to swing again and shrek lift artie above he head . shrek the third - final screen script 74 . still in the air , artie use both leg to kick the pirate to the ground . shrek and artie share a satisfied look . a pirate charge donkey . donkey ahhh ! puss draw he sword and begin fight off the pirate , protect donkey . captain hook ha-ha ! argh ! pirate argh ! argh ! the camera pan across the back of the piano to reveal merlin happily play along with Captain hook . he notice and rudely elbow merlin out of the way . a pirate run at shrek , only to be trip by artie . the pirate bounce off shrek 's belly . captain hook ready the plank ! a wooden board be throw on a stump , create a makeshift " plank . " the pirate back shrek onto the plank . several pirate with sword force shrek onto the plank . he be back up to the edge of the plank and fall into a wait treasure chest below . several pirate try to shut the lid on he . puss , donkey and artie be try to hold off the villain . suddenly , two evil tree come into frame and scoop puss , donkey and artie up in a net . the pirate aim the cannon at puss , donkey and artie . artie start to panic . puss extract he claw and try to cut through the netting . the cannon fuse be light . shrek burst open the treasure chest and stand up with the chest still stick to he behind . donkey shrek ! artie help ! shrek the third - final screen script 75 . shrek see the light fuse and quickly formulate a plan . he grab two pirate and shove they into the treasure chest . he toss the chest onto the other end of the plank and catapult himself over to the cannon . at the last second , shrek be able to aim the cannon in the opposite direction . the cannon fire and hit Captain hook 's piano , blow it into piece . realizing they defeat , the evil tree drop the netting that hold donkey , puss and artie . the evil tree and Pirates take off run . Captain hook turn and see he army run off . he shake he hook in the air . captain hook ya coward ! shrek what have charm do with Fiona ? captain hook she 's gonna get what 's come to she . he raise he hook threateningly but it get catch on a evil Tree 's branch and be drag away with the rest of the villain . captain hook ahhh . ( yelling back ) and there be not nothing you can do to stop he ! tight on shrek , fill with worry . nothing else matter to he now . artie , puss , and donkey run over to shrek . puss we have get to save she ! donkey but she 's so far far away ! shrek think for a moment . shrek get yourself back to worcestershire , kid . shrek the third - final screen script 76 . artie no , shrek . hold on a second . I have get a idea . ext . merline camp - continuous merlin be sit cross -legge , deep in meditation . artie approach he . merlin ( chanting ) I be a buzzing bee , buzz , buzz , buzz ... artie Mr. merlin , they need a spell to get they ... I mean , we , back to Far Far away . merlin stop meditate and look out of the corner of he eye at artie . merlin ( getting up ) forget it . I do not have that kind of magic in I anymore , kid . how about a hug instead ? hmm ? that 's the best kind of magic . artie try a new approach . artie Mr. merlin please . I know you can do it - merlin I say , forget it ! artie but - merlin turn and start to walk away mutter under he breath . merlin ( cont 'd ) mumble , grumble , interrupt my heal . mumble , mumble . artie think for a moment , stare at merlin . artie start to sob . merlin stop and turn around . shrek the third - final screen script 77 . merlin oh. what , what 's with you ? artie continue to cry . artie it 's just so hard . you know ? they really need to get back `cause they kingdom 's in trouble `cause there 's a really bad man and it 's just so hard ... merlin be visibly uncomfortable . merlin c'mon , take it easy . artie 's blubber become frustrated and unpredictable . artie no ! I do not think you understand ! there 's a mean person do mean thing to good people - shrek oh , have a heart old man ! artie grab he , now desperate . artie and they really need you help to get they back ! so why will not you help they ? merlin oh. artie speak one last , indecipherable line . merlin be stunne . he do not know what to do . merlin uh , okay ... I will go and get my thing . merlin go into he cave . artie immediately recover . shrek be impressed . artie piece of cake . shrek the third - final screen script 78 . shrek well , well , well . you want some egg with that ham ? shrek smile . merlin return hold a spell book . merlin now , I be a little rusty , so there could be some side effect . donkey side effect !? merlin do not worry , whatever it be , no matter how excruciatingly painful it may be , it will wear off eventually ... I think . merlin crack he knuckle . a bolt of lighting shoot out he hand and blow up a rock next to donkey . donkey ah ! merlin oops . donkey and puss shoot shrek a plead look . donkey be you sure this be a good idea ? shrek look , if artie trust he , that 's good enough for I . even if he robe do not quite cover he - merlin alacraticious expeditious , a zoomy zoom zoom . let 's help we friend get back , um ... soon ! Magic ray shoot out of merlin 's finger . shrek , puss , donkey and artie disappear in a puff of smoke . merlin woah ! it work ! CUT to : shrek the third - final screen script 79 . ext . somewhere in the wood - continuous they reappear and fall out of the sky and bounce through the canopy of a large apple tree . they ping - pong through the foliage and land in a heap at the base of the tree . donkey ( moan and groan ) donkey adjust himself , feel hang over . donkey ( cont 'd ) ( in puss ' body ) oh man , I have not be on a trip like that since college . shrek donkey ? donkey ( in puss ' body ) what ? be there something in my tooth ? donkey 's eye widen . he realize he voice be come out of puss ' body . donkey ( in puss ' body ) huh ? what the ? ( gasp ) oh no ! donkey ( in puss ' body ) grab puss ' hat . he look down at puss ' boot . his tail begin to twitch . donkey ( in puss ' body ) I have be abracadabra would into a fancy feast second rate sidekick . puss ( in donkey 's body ) fall from a tree next to donkey ( in puss ' body ) . puss ( in donkey 's body ) at least you do not look like some kind of bloat roadside piata . you really should think about go on a diet ! shrek the third - final screen script 80 . donkey ( in puss ' body ) yeah , and you should think about get yourself a pair of pants ! I feel all expose and nasty . both shrek and artie stare at they . a strain smile paste to they face . they burst out laugh . donkey join puss , both of they scowling . donkey ( in puss ' body ) oh , so you two think this be funny ? puss be fume . shrek and artie regain they composure . artie ( snicker ) I be really sorry guy . shrek do not be ! you get we back kid . shrek motion to Far Far away , just a few mile ahead of they . he turn back to artie . artie smile . donkey take a few awkward step in puss ' body . donkey ( in puss ' body ) ow , ow , ow , ow , ow . how in the han Christian andersen be I suppose to parade around in this goofy boot ? puss be very careful with that - hee haw ! puss be shocked by this . he try to recover . puss they be make in Madrid by the finest - hee haw ! shrek the third - final screen script 81 . donkey ( in puss ' body ) oh , you will learn to control that . time CUT to : ext . entrance to far far away - afternoon shrek , puss ( in donkey 's body ) , and artie rush past a welcome sign to the town that have be board over so it now read " go go away . " donkey ( in puss ' body ) struggle to walk . his tender new foot hurt in they tiny boot . donkey seriously man , you need some comfort insert or arch support or something . ( notice rodeo drive ) woah ! Inside the kingdom , rodeo drive be trash . there be graffiti everywhere . suddenly a carriage drive by evil Witches come zoom down rodeo drive . evil witch woohoo !! the carriage zip around a corner on two wheel . a drunken evil dwarf be almost hit by the carriage while crossing the street . shrek be shocked by what he see . a crash be hear off-screen . evil dwarf # 1 hey ... watch it I be walk here ... and I be gonna keep go ... a large explosion be hear off - screen while Little Red Riding Hood pick pocket the evil dwarf . a carriage wheel on fire roll by a marionette theatre with pinocchio dance in it . shrek pinocchio ? shrek the third - final screen script 82 . pinocchio shrek ! shrek and the rest rush over as the curtain start to go down on pinocchio . he press he puppet hand against the glass . shrek pinocchio ! pinocchio help I ! shrek what 's happen ? pinocchio charm and the villain have take over everything ! they attack we but Fiona and the princess get away . and now she 's - - the time have run out . the cheesy music stop as the curtain go down . shrek she 's what ?! she 's what !? shrek look at the marionette theatre and see how much it cost per show . shrek ( turn to puss in donkey 's body ) puss , loan I five buck ! donkey c'mon puss , you hear the man , help a brother out . puss ( in donkey 's body ) do you see any pocket on I ? donkey ( in puss ' body ) hold on a second . donkey ( in puss ' body ) remove he boot , he turn it over and a bag of money fall onto the ground . shrek the third - final screen script 83 . donkey ( in puss ' body ) aha ! donkey ( in puss ' body ) toss the money to shrek . puss ( in donkey 's body ) I have no idea ... really ... I swear . shrek quickly dump the change into the machine . the music start and the curtain go up again and pinocchio dance . shrek Quick , pinocchio . where be Fiona ? pinocchio charm 's get she lock away some place secret . you gotta find he ! he 's probably get ready for the showwww --- the curtain go down again . shrek wait , wait , wait ! pinocchio ! what show ? pinocchio 's hand come out from under the curtain and point to a poster on the wall . puss read the poster out loud . puss ( read the poster ) it 's a happily ever after , after all ! shrek shrek 's final performance . the picture show charm , sword raise in the air , with he foot pin shrek , tongue stick out of he mouth , to the ground . donkey ( in puss ' body ) whoa , shrek ! you do not tell we you be in a play . shrek well I guess I have be so busy I forget to mention it ! shrek the third - final screen script 84 . guard # 1 ( o.s. ) it 's the ogre ! get he ! shrek turn and see a large group of charm 's royal knight , armed and ready . they drive they back into the alley . puss ( in donkey 's body ) step forward . puss ( in donkey 's body ) do not worry , jefe . I get this . he whip he head towards the oncoming guard . his eye be large and sweet . his lip pout . the guard be momentarily hypnotize by he cuteness , until they realize they be stare at a donkey . the guard recoil . guard # 2 ugh ! kill it ! puss ( in donkey 's body ) immediately retreat . artie glance at the theater poster on the wall and step forward , confront the guard . artie look , do not you know who he think he be ? how dare you ? shrek pick up on he plan . shrek donkey , we be deal with amateur . the guard be confuse . artie tear the poster off the wall . shrek glance at artie , who step forward , yanking the poster off the wall . artie he 's a star people ! hello ?! I be so sorry about this Mr. shrek . shrek I be gonna lose it ! artie I assume you have everything ready for tonight ! you do get the list for the dress room ? donkey march in . shrek the third - final screen script 85 . donkey ( in puss ' body ) yeah , the breakfast croissant stuff with sear sashimi tuna . oh , and please tell I you at least have the saffron corn with the jalapeno honey butter cause we client can not get into he proper emotional state without he jalapeno honey butter . shrek I just lose it ! guard # 1 uh ... maybe they should talk to Nancy in human resource . shrek push the guard aside and continue on towards the castle . puss ( in donkey 's body ) oh , we will have much to say to Nancy , I promise ! the guard look at each other nervously . CUT to : int . courtyard stage - day a group of enchant tree work on through they dance number . two dwarf on bungee chord helplessly swing back and forth in the rear of the stage . the camera land on Prince charm read he line next to a shrek stand in . prince charming ( read he line from a script ) with this sword , I do - no . he start the line over . prince charming with this sword , I do smote thee ! shrek the third - final screen script 86 . without look , Prince charm stab the stand in , who fall to the ground . prince charming ( to himself ) ) be that the right word ? " smote ? " " smooote . " be that even a word actually ? maybe I should just smite he . unseen stage hand drag the stand - in away . prince charming let 's try this again . now ... stagehands shove another stand in onto the stage beside Prince charm . prince charming ( play the scene out quietly ) shrek attack I , I pretend to be afraid . ( he fake scream ) ooh !!! Prince charm do a quick mime of be afraid and chuckle . prince charming I say ... ( he riffle through page ) " finally the Kingdom will get the happily ever after they deserve , die ogre " , blah , blah , blah ... without look he stab stand in # 2 . he fall to the ground . Prince charm be still frustrated . prince charming oh ! it just do not feel real enough yet ! he throw the sword to the ground and turn toward the dance villain who be stare at he . prince charming who tell you to stop dance ?! cyclop uh ... wink and turn , wink and turn . shrek the third - final screen script 87 . he throw the script on the ground and notice the stand - in . prince charming and what be you lay around for ? get up ! honestly . Prince charm storm off . CUT to : int . charming's dressing room -- moment later Prince charm storm into he colossal gold leaf dress room , its wall cover with poster of inspirational say and portrait of Prince charm in different act role . slam the door , he plop down in he throne chair in front of a dress table and large 3 - way mirror . a statuette of he mother be on the vanity . he look at it intently . prince charming we happily ever after be nearly complete , mummy . and I assure you , the people of this kingdom will pay dearly for every second we have have to wait . charm adjust the mirror , revealing a reflection of shrek stand in the doorway . artie , puss and donkey stand along side he . Prince charm quickly stand up and face shrek . shrek break a leg . or , on second think , let I break it for you . he walk across the room as Prince charm back against he dress table . Prince charm fumble behind he back and push a button under the counter . prince charming thank goodness you be here . I be beginning to think you might not make it back in ... time . shrek pick he up by the front of he shirt and scowl . shrek the third - final screen script 88 . shrek where 's Fiona ? prince charming do not worry . she and the other be safe . for now . shrek strengthen he grip . suddenly , a group of guard burst into the room and quickly surround shrek , artie , puss and donkey . artie ow . Prince charm smile . shrek look around and realize he 's beat . he drop charm with a thud . Prince charm brushes himself off as the guard surround shrek . Prince charm walk over to artie . a smile grow across he face . prince charming let I guess ... Arthur ? artie look indignant . he raise himself up . artie it 's artie , actually . prince charming this boy be suppose to be the new King of Far Far away ? laugh , Prince charm draw he sword and hold it up to artie 's neck . prince charming how pathetic ! now , stand still so I will not make a mess . shrek step in . shrek charm , stop ! I be here now , you get what you want . this be not about he . artie be confuse . shrek the third - final screen script 89 . artie then who 's it about ? I be suppose to be King , right ? shrek hesitates and then gather himself . shrek you be not really next in line for the throne , okay ? I be . artie but you say the King ask for I personally . shrek not exactly . artie what 's that suppose to mean ? shrek become defensive . shrek look , I say whatever I have to say , alright ! I be not right for the job , I just need some fool to replace I , and you fit the bill . so just go ! artie be stunne . artie you be play I the whole time . shrek fight back tear as he punish artie more . shrek you catch on real fast kid ... maybe you be not as big of a loser as I think . puss ( in donkey 's body ) be about to interject when donkey ( in puss ' body ) cover he mouth and signal he to stay quiet . artie you know , for a minute there , I actually think you - prince charming what ? that he care about you ? he 's a ogre . what do you expect ? shrek the third - final screen script 90 . Prince charm signal the guard to release artie . he stare at shrek one last time and head out . shrek lower he head in shame . prince charming you really do have a way with child , shrek . Prince charm smile and the guard lead shrek off . int . hallway outside charming's dressing room : shrek be lead by the guard down the hallway . ext . castle gate : the scene cross-dissolves to artie 's back as he walk away from the castle . he give one last look back , and angrily storm away . int . dungeon : shrek 's ankle and wrist be shackle . shrek pull on he chain . he sadly look out the cell window . int . prison : the scene cross-disolves to another prison window . Fiona come to the window of she prison cell . she stare sorrowfully at the castle in the distance . int . far far away prison cell - day all of the princess , the Queen and Fiona be lock up in the same prison cell . cinderella be frantically scrubbing a spot on the floor to a shine . Fiona look out the cell window towards the castle in the distance . behind she , snow White pace around , complain . snow white have we just stay put like I suggest , we could be sip tea out of little heart - shape cup ... shrek the third - final screen script 91 . cinderella yeah ... yeah , heart shape cup . snow white eat crumpet smother with loganberry . cinderella yeah ... loganberry . snow white shut up Cindy . cinderella yeah , shut up . cinderella look down at she reflection in the floor . cinderella ( reflection ) no ! you shut up ! cinderella just stay out of this ! snow white who care who 's run the kingdom anyway ? fiona I care . Fiona step forward and challenge they . queen and you should all care too . suddenly , the cell door fly open . donkey and puss ( in each other 's body ) be toss in as the door be slam behind they . puss ( in donkey 's body ) hey , hey , hey , hey . donkey ( in puss ' body ) yeah , and I have you badge number , " tin can - " puss , in donkey 's body , hiss and arch he back like a cat . shrek the third - final screen script 92 . fiona ( o.s. ) donkey ?! donkey ( in puss ' body ) princess ?! fiona puss ?! puss ( in donkey 's body ) lo siento , princessa , but I be puss , stick here inside this hideous body . donkey ( in puss ' body ) and I be I ! fiona but you 're - donkey ( in puss ' body ) I know , I know . everything 's a little fruity in the loop right now . but what happen be , we go to high school , the boat crash , and we get " bippity - bopity - boop " by the " Magic man . " doris you poor sweet thing . cinderella I do not get it . snow white the cat turn into a little horse that smell like foot . what 's to get ? sleeping beauty ( waking up ) huh ? who that ? fiona where 's shrek ? shrek the third - final screen script 93 . donkey charm 's get he , princess . and he plan on kill shrek tonight in front of the whole kingdom . Fiona 's let out a breath . fiona alright everyone , we need to find a way out , now . the princess nod in agreement . snow white you be right . ( to the other princess ) lady , assume the position ! sleep beauty fall asleep stand up . snow White quickly assume she position by lie down and pucker she lip . cinderella dust off a spot , sit down and cross she leg . fiona what be you do ? sleeping beauty wait to be rescue . fiona you have get to be kid I . snow white well , what do you expect we to do ? we be just four ... ( notice doris ) I mean , three , super hot princess , two circus freak , a pregnant ogre and a old lady . the Queen smile and then casually walk by the princess . queen hmmm . Excuse I . Old lady come through . she walk right up to the brick wall , take a deep breath and let out a yell . queen hiiiyyyiiiaaaah ! she head - butt a hole right through the brick wall . Fiona and the princess be impressed . shrek the third - final screen script 94 . princess / puss / donkey whoa . fiona Mom !? queen well , you do not actually think you get you fight skill from you father , do you ? Fiona beam at she mother and then turn to the princess . snow White point to another wall behind they . snow white Excuse I , I think there 's still one more . the Queen turn and see the another wall barring they way . queen hmmmm . the Queen hurry to the other wall . queen hiiiiyah ! it crumble , revealing the outside . the princess wince . Fiona approach she mother . the Queen turn around , this time a little woozy , sing softly to herself . fiona why do not you just lie down ? the Queen continue to sing to herself as she walk away . Fiona turn to the other . fiona okay girl , from here on out , we be gonna take care of business ourselves . snow think for a moment and then glance at the other princess . they nod . snow look determine . she rip off a sleeve , revealing a dopey tattoo . shrek the third - final screen script 95 . sleep beauty tear the bottom of she dress . the Queen put lipstick smudge under she eye ( a la a football player ) . cinderella sharpen the heal of she glass slipper . doris burn she bra . the princess place they hand over Fiona 's . puss and donkey 's hand come in last . CUT to : ext . courtyard stage - continuous Captain hook replace he " hook " appendage with a " baton " and tap it on the score in front of he . announcer lady and gentleman . the Far Far away theatre at the charm pavilion be proud to present : " it 's a happily ever after , after all . " the camera pull back from a playbill that read : " it 's a happily ever after , after all - star Prince charm as himself . " two intimidating evil Knights be hand out the playbill and be use spear to usher people into they seat . evil knight # 1 enjoy you evening of theatrical reverie , citizen ! oy ! no food or beverage in the theatre ! hey ! the orchestra begin to warm up . ext . stage the camera follow rumplestiltskin as he hurry from the stage to backstage . int . beneath the stage - night shrek stand atop a wooden platform , like a beat man . cyclops be bind he arm and leg with heavy chain attach to the floor . shrek the third - final screen script 96 . he pull the chain tight . shrek oww , easy . cyclop sorry . I guess I be just show off for the little one . shrek huh ? cyclop it 's " bring you kid to work day . " c'mere beautiful . cyclops motion to the shadow . cyclop ' daughter walk out from the shadow . she look like cyclops with long hair and skirt . shrek recoil . shrek well ... she 's get you eye . cyclops pick she up and embrace she . cyclop who woulda think a monster like I deserve something as special as you ? they touch forehead affectionately . shrek look at the two of they and then get a determine look on he face . CUT to : ext . castle garden the camera boom down into some tree just outside of the castle . Fiona and the princess appear behind a log . two evil tree guard the castle gate . Fiona use a duck call to signal snow White . she skip down the path toward a side entrance , where two evil tree be stand guard . snow White stop in front of they , sing we version of : " Animal Friends / with a smile . " shrek the third - final screen script 97 . snow white ( o.s. ) ( singing ) " ahh ha ha ha ha haa . " the bird answer she in song . snow white ( singing ) " ahh ha ha ha haa . " the bird answer again . snow white ( singing ) " ha ha ha ha haaaa . Little birdy take wing , flitting down from the tree they appear , and to chirp in my ear . " all the forest creature flock to she . snow white ( singing ) " all because I sing . ahh ha ha ha ha haaa . " more forest creature flock to snow White . snow white ( singing ) " ahh ha ha ha ha haaa . " the evil tree stare in amazement . snow white ( singing ) " ha ha ha ha ha haaaaaaa ! " suddenly snow White 's face change . she transition into led Zeppelin 's " immigrant song . " snow white ahhaha !! ahhaha !!! all the animal turn and attack the tree . Fiona and the princess charge forward . fiona move it ! go! go! go! CUT to : shrek the third - final screen script 98 . ext . far far away zoo - continuous donkey and puss ( in each other 's body ) run through front gate of the Far Far away Zoo . the dronkey be hold captive in the zoo . donkey ( in puss ' body ) bust open they cage . donkey ( in puss ' body ) my baby ! the dronkey fly over to puss ( in donkey 's body ) and hug he . puss ( in donkey 's body ) help ! ow ! donkey ( in puss ' body ) hey ! CUT to : ext . castle garden - continuous the princess run toward the castle . doris punch through the lock to open the gate . as they enter the castle grounds , a group of guard run towards they . cinderella take out a couple of they with she boomerang crystal slipper . sleep beauty fall to the ground , asleep . the guard trip over she body . doris run up to the foot of a canopy and take a knee . the princess use doris as a step to leap onto the canopy and over the castle wall . CUT to : ext . rodeo drive - continuous donkey and puss ( in each other 's body ) break pinocchio out of he marionette theatre . CUT to : shrek the third - final screen script 99 . ext . bakery - moment later gingerbread man be lock inside a bakery display case . donkey and puss arrive ( in each other 's body ) . donkey ( in puss ' body ) awkwardly try to cut the glass open with he claw . puss ( in donkey 's body ) intervene , quickly bashing a hoof through the glass . they pull gingerbread man out of the case . CUT to : ext . castle rooftop - continuous Fiona lead the princess and Queen , as they stealthily creep along the rooftop . CUT to : ext . castle rooftop - continuous Fiona peer around a corner and see two guard block they path . she get a idea . the Guards turn around to find a leg stick out . they " ooh " and " aah " as they approach the leg . the camera pan up to reveal doris . doris hey . how 's it go ? she kick the guard to the ground , and they take off run . CUT to : ext . far , far away castle - later donkey , puss , ( still in each other 's body ) and the rescue Fairy Tale creature run toward the castle . donkey and puss peek out from behind a bush . puss ( in donkey 's body ) " o " to the " k . " the coast have clear . donkey turn to address the Fairy Tale creature behind he . shrek the third - final screen script 100 . donkey ( in puss ' body ) all right people , let 's do this thing ! go team dy-no-mite !! pinocchio I think we agree we would go by the name of " team Super cool . " gingerbread man as I recall it be " team awesome . " wolf I vote for " team Alpha Wolf squadron . " donkey alright ! alright ! alright ! from henceforth we be to be know as " team Alpha Super awesome cool dynomite Wolf squadron . " the Three Pigs notice something . pig # 1 ach to lieber ! there be some strange little girl over there stare at we ! donkey , in puss ' body , turn to look . artie be stare at the strange crew . donkey ( in puss ' body ) artie ! artie turn and walk away . puss , in donkey 's body , run to stop he . puss ( in donkey 's body ) wait , wait , wait , wait wait . hey ! where be the fire , senor ? artie push puss ( in donkey 's body ) out of the way . artie oh please , do not act so innocent . you both know what be go on the whole time and you keep it to yourself . artie start to storm away . shrek the third - final screen script 101 . donkey ( in puss ' body ) artie , it 's not like it seem . artie it 's not ? I think it seem pretty clear . he be use I . that 's all there be to it . artie start to walk off . donkey ( in puss ' body ) use you ? man , you really do not get it ! puss ( in donkey 's body ) shrek only say that thing to protect you ! this stop artie in he track . donkey ( in puss ' body ) charm be go to kill you artie . shrek save you life . artie realize the truth and be suddenly concerned for he friend . CUT to : ext . courtyard stage the light dim . the curtain rise . int . backstage - continuous rumplestiltskin order for the spotlight . rumplestiltskin cue the spot ! ext . courtyard stage - continuous a spotlight come up on rapunzel , sing in a tower while the Fairy -tale villain play they role below . shrek the third - final screen script 102 . rapunzel ( singing ) " I wait alone up here . I be trap another day . lock up here - please set I free . my new life I almost see , a castle , you and I . yes , a castle you and I ... " audience member look at each other in confusion ; be this crap for real ? raul , the make - up artist , cry in the audience . from the audience a knight hold up a candle . up in the rafter , rumplestiltskin cue the cherub . rumplestiltskin cherub ! the cherub ( evil dwarve ) be lower onto the stage by a rope and pulley system . a spotlight appear on stage . from underneath the stage a clamshell rise and open to reveal Prince charm on horseback . prince charming ( singing ) " tis I ! tis I ! upon my regal steed ! princess , my love , at last you shall be freed ! " the cherub drop rise petal onto Prince charm and the clamshell . Prince charm and he steed , chauncey , jump out of the clamshell . prince charming ( singing ) " I be strong and brave , and dash my way there ! with speed ! with might ! with soft and bouncy hair ! " Prince charm begin to make he way over to the tower . prince charming ( singing ) " through the blister desert ... " shrek the third - final screen script 103 . Prince charm chop the head off of the fly griffin puppet . evil tree ( singing ) " hot ! " Prince charm dismount , casually chop the head off of the sea serpent and cross the sea . prince charming ( singing ) " across the stormiest sea . " evil dwarf ( singing ) " wet ! " he make he way to dry land . he weave in and out of the evil tree , who be play the part of a forest . prince charming ( singing ) " facing creature so vile ! " fairy -tale villain ( singing ) " foul ! " he casually cut off the head of a wooden cut - out reindeer and shove a villain in a bear costume out of the way . prince charming ( singing ) " so you can gaze upon I ! " Prince charm have make he way up the stair at the bottom of rapunzel 's tower . rapunzel ( singing ) " I know you would come for I . and now we finally meet . " prince charming ( singing ) " I know you would wait . and from my plate of love you would eat . " shrek the third - final screen script 104 . there be a loud flash and a loud growl be pipe through the sound system and flare go off as a trap door open in the stage floor . Prince charm ham it up for the audience , put he hand to he ear . int . backstage - continuous rumplestiltskin cue mabel . mabel be growl through a megaphone backstage . mabel roar ! roar ! Three evil Witches turn a lever and a evil dwarf blow some steam with a billow . ext . courtyard stage - continuous a large , impose shadow grow onstage . the silhouette fade , revealing a shackle shrek on stage . he pull at he chain as he note the audience and view the spectacle before he . int . audience - continuous a crowd of fan , with " shrek " write on they stomach , cheer . one of the fan be hit with a arrow . they promptly sit down . prince charming ( singing ) " who be this terrible ugly fiend who so rudely intervene ? " Pirates and evil Knights dance in from the wing . fairy -tale villain ( singing ) " will charm fight ? or will he flee ? " rapunzel ( singing ) " oh please , rescue I ! " fairy -tale villain ( singing ) " from this monstrosity ! " shrek the third - final screen script 105 . Prince charm take a dramatic pause and sing in a ultra - high voice of a castrato . prince charming ( singing ) " fear thee not honey Lamb ! I will slice this thing up like a ham ! " shrek oh boy . Prince charm relish the moment , pull out he sword and aim it at shrek 's chest . Prince charm 's voice climb even higher . prince charming you be about to enter a world of pain with which you be not - ( singing ) " familiaaaaaaar ! " he hold the last , high note . shrek wince . goblet , eye glass , a glass tiara and glass pearl all break in the audience . Prince charm smile . shrek look at he with contempt . shrek well it can not be anymore painful than the lousy performance you be give . the audience laugh at shrek 's remark . Prince charm be throw by they reaction . from a trap door underneath the stage rumplestiltskin try to help Prince charm out by feed he he next line . rumplestiltskin " prepare foul beast . " he clear he throat and try to get back into character . prince charming ( singing ) " prepare foul beast , you time be do . " shrek oooh , if you do not mind could you kill I , and then sing ? shrek the third - final screen script 106 . the audience laugh . Prince charm get in shrek 's face . prince charming be quiet ! shrek oh , come on , I be just havin ' fun with ya . that 's actually a very nice leotard . prince charming thank you . shrek do they come in men' size ? the audience laugh again . hook he , he . now that be funny . the crowd laugh again . shrek smile , enjoy how he 's screwing up the show . Prince charm be furious . prince charming enough ! the crowd fall silent . Prince charm turn back to shrek . prince charming now you will finally know what it 's like to have everything you have work for , everything that 's precious to you take away . Prince charm raise he sword . prince charming ( cont 'd ) now you will know how I feel . suddenly a fireball hit the blade , melting it . prince charming ahhhhh ! another huge fireball spread across the sky as Dragon fly above the theater . the dronkey follow behind she . dragon roar ! shrek the third - final screen script 107 . the Three Pigs come run down the aisle . pig # 1 sausage Roll !! the Three Pigs leap onto the stage , go into a drop and roll move to land in between shrek and Prince charm . they strike a fight pose . pinocchio come fly in on he string , landing with a flurry of kung - fu hand . the Wolf unzip the wolf costume , step out and join the other . wolf arg. gingerbread man pop up in the tower window , grab rapunzel 's hair and swing down . before he hit the ground , the end catch and he bounce like a bungee jumper . her hair fall into a pile next to a very surprised gingerbread man . rapunzel scream . her mousy brown hair cramme under a hair net . she run off cry . Prince charm look around , almost surround . suddenly a shadow fall over the crowd and they gasp . Dragon and the dronkey fly in and land on the stage . puss and donkey leap off she back to the stage . donkey ( in puss 's body ) pray for mercy from ... puss ( in donkey 's body ) ... puss ! he clap he hoof on the stage . donkey ( in puss ' body ) and donkey ! he carve a letter " D " on pinocchio 's bottom . pinocchio ( be : he bottom ) hey . shrek the third - final screen script 108 . the Queen head - butt through one of the backdrop , with sleep beauty and doris . snow White fly in behind they with the help of she woodland creature ( " crouch Tiger , Hidden Dragon " style ) . cinderella run on stage equip with a mop as she weapon . together , the princess strike fierce pose and stand next to shrek . the audience applaud . suddenly the front door of the " swamp house " set crash to the floor , revealing Fiona . fiona hi honey ! sorry we be late . you okay ? shrek much better , now that you be here . audience awwwwwww ! the audience applaud . shrek turn to Prince charm raise he shackle wrist . shrek so charm , you wanna let I out of this so we can settle this ogre to man ? Prince charm consider this for a second . prince charming oooh , that sound fun . but I have a better idea ! Prince charm strike a imperious pose and clap he hand . cyclops suddenly emerge from the trap door , knock puss and donkey down . he approach they menacingly . the witch fly in and threaten the princess with they broom . the evil Queen rise up behind the Queen and put a knife to she throat . the evil dwarve grab the Three Pigs . gingerbread man be suddenly surround by many evil Knights . he poop out a gum - ball . Dragon start to move forward only to find herself surround by crossbow . a bunch of pirate grab Fiona and tie she up . shrek Fiona ! shrek the third - final screen script 109 . fiona no ! let go of I ! shrek struggle to free himself of the chain , but it 's no use . Prince charm 's eye narrow . prince charming you will not ruin thing this time ogre . ( to villain ) kill it ! Prince charm signal to the villain to attack shrek . as the villain advance towards shrek , a spotlight shine in they eye , stop they in they track . artie everybody stop ! prince charming ( exasperated ) oh , what be it now ? shrek artie ? artie jump from the spotlight . artie land clumsily on a hang cloud . artie leap awkwardly from cloud to cloud . the audience stare in awe . after one last leap , he swing down on the cherub 's cable , send the little person up in the air . artie land on the stage in between the villain and shrek . he stand face the villain . artie who really think we need to settle thing this way ? the evil Knights think about it and raise they hand . the other villain follow suit . artie you be tell I you just want to be villain you whole life ? this give the villain pause . shrek the third - final screen script 110 . captain hook but we be villain . it 's the only thing we know . artie do not you ever wish you could be something else ? the villain be not convinced . evil tree # 2 well , it 's easy for you to say . you be not some evil enchant tree . prince charming you moron ! do not listen to he ! attack they - another evil Tree cover Prince charm 's mouth and then motion to artie . evil tree # 1 what Steve 's try to say here be that it 's hard to come by honest work when the whole world 's against you . evil tree # 2 right , thanks ed. artie okay , fair enough . you be right . I be not a talk tree . but , ya know , a good friend of mine once tell I that just because people treat you like a villain , or a ogre ... artie share a look with shrek . artie ... or just some loser ... the Fairy -tale villain listen intently . artie ( cont 'd ) ... it do not mean you be one . the evil Tree tighten he grip as Prince charm struggle to break free . shrek the third - final screen script 111 . artie ( cont 'd ) the thing that matter most be what you think of yourself . artie command the stage . artie ( cont 'd ) if there 's something you really want , or there 's someone you really want to be , then the only person stand in you way ... be you . artie point at rumplestiltskin directly in front of he . rumplestiltskin be alarmed . rumplestiltskin I ? other pirate get `im lad ! artie no , no , no ! what I mean be : each of you be stand in you own way ! villain oooooooh ! the headless horseman break through the crowd . headless horseman I have always want to play the flute . the Fairy -tale villain and creature look at each other . the evil Queen step up . evil queen i`d like to open up a spa in France . the villain nod in agreement . captain hook I grow daffodil ! complete silence as everyone stare at hook . captain hook and they be beautiful ! Captain hook look thoughtfully at he sword , then throw it down . shrek the third - final screen script 112 . the pirate throw theirs down , follow by the witch and evil Knights . the evil knight hold pinocchio be think about it when pinocchio reach over and take the ax from he . the weapon pile up in the middle of the stage . everyone else cheer and start to mingle , introduce themselves and shaking hand . gingerbread man high fives with a evil knight . Fiona be untied . mabel walk up to doris and lightly punch she on the jaw . doris return the sign of affection by punch mabel in the jaw , but a bit too hard , send she fall to the ground . suddenly , Prince charm kick himself free of the evil Tree and charge they . he grab a sword from the discard pile and raise it up , he aim set at artie . prince charming aaaahhhh ! despite he fear , artie face Prince charm bravely . as Prince charm charge , shrek find the strength to break he chain . just before Prince charm strike , a chain whip into frame , wrapping around the sword . shrek pull Prince charm around in a circle , away from artie . furious , he charge shrek and stab he with the sword . charm let go and shrek stumble back with the weapon impale in he , and fall to the floor , groan . Prince charm beam , and laugh . he turn to the audience . prince charming a new era finally begin ! the audience cower . shrek look up smile and nod at Fiona and artie . prince charming now , all of you , bow before you king ! shrek casually rise up behind he and clear he throat . shrek ah-hem . charm turn around . shrek lift he arm revealing that he be never really stab . shrek ( cont 'd ) you need to work on you aim . shrek the third - final screen script 113 . charm be stunne . prince charming this be suppose to be my happily ever after . Prince charm be paralyze . shrek drop the sword and grab he by the shirt - front , lift he off of he foot . he wince , but be still defiant . shrek well I guess you need to keep look ... shrek look at Fiona and at he friend and smile . shrek ... cause I be not give up mine . shrek set Prince charm down and signal dragon . she casually tip the tower over with she tail . a shadow fall over Prince charm . he turn and see the tower fall toward he , he body perfectly frame up in the princess 's window . prince charming mommy ? it crash down and he 's trap inside . as the dust clear , the crown roll across the stage . artie stop it with he foot and slowly pick it up . shrek it 's yours if you want it , you know , but this time it 's you choice . artie consider it . he look at shrek , who be smile proudly at he . artie turn to the audience and hold out the crown to they . they cheer he . artie place the crown on he head . the crowd go nut . in the audience , raul sob with joy . all ar-tie ! ar-tie ! ar-tie ! ar-tie ! shrek the third - final screen script 114 . everybody cheer as the fairy-tale creature and villain put artie up on they shoulder and carry he off . donkey and puss , still in each other 's body , watch as artie get carry away . in a puff of smoke , merlin suddenly appear . he look around confuse , clutching he show ticket . merlin uh , excuse I , that 's my seat . suddenly he be throw back against the front of the stage as donkey and puss confront he . puss ( in donkey 's body ) okay , senor hocus-y pocus-y . the time have come to rectify some wrong ! donkey ( in puss ' body ) although I have be enjoy this " cat bath . " puss ( in donkey 's body ) please say you do not . merlin uh ... alright , alright ... look .. merlin rub he hand together . merlin you be gonna feel a little pinch , and possibly some lower intestinal discomfort , but this should do the trick . merlin roll up he sleeve , and prepare to make with the magic . he let loose with a bright burst of magic . it take a moment for donkey and puss to recover . they eye each other cautiously . puss be you ..? donkey lift he hoof and inspect it carefully . donkey I be I again ! shrek the third - final screen script 115 . puss check out he own paw . puss and I be not you ! donkey and puss give each other a big hug . donkey alright ! the two of they turn and walk away together . merlin be behind they , smoking finger and all . suddenly he eye grow wide . merlin oops . ah , never mind . we see that donkey still have puss ' tail and puss have donkey 's . merlin slip away . shrek and Fiona watch artie in the distance . shrek what would I tell ya ? I think the kid 's go to be a great King . fiona well , for what it 's worth , you would have too . shrek smile , and touch Fiona 's belly . shrek I have something much more important in mind . they kiss . the camera pull back to see everyone celebrate around shrek and Fiona as they kiss . dissolve to : ext . swamp house - morning a wide - shot of a sunny morning in the swamp . shrek the third - final screen script 116 . int . swamp house - continuous shrek grab a " gourd " bottle and create a ogre shake out of slug juice , eye ball and worm . he walk over to join Fiona by the fire . shrek ah , finally . shrek give Fiona the " gourd " bottle and she place a nipple on it . two ogre baby crawl up onto Fiona 's lap . ogre baby Da da . a third ogre baby appear at shrek 's foot . he bend down to pick he up . one big happy family of five . shrek laugh and give the baby and Fiona a hug . the front door open up to reveal puss and donkey . donkey hey ! I smell shrek Jr. the dronkey come swarm in behind donkey . Dragon peer in through the door . shrek with a safety pin in he mouth be do he best at change diaper . he twist the diaper around and the baby go fly off screen and land in a diaper that Fiona be hold . she smile at shrek . the swamp house be overrun with dronkey , ogre baby and dirty diaper . puss sit next to a ogre baby that have a pacifier in he mouth . he take the pacifier out of he mouth , shove it in puss ' mouth and give puss a big hug . another baby come crawl into frame and start to tug on puss ' tail . a tug of war ensue . the ogre baby be bathing in a pot of water ( a la a beat from the nightmare scene ) . one of the baby fart in the water as shrek come in and scoops they up . shrek laugh . donkey be play " peek - a- boo " with he ear . a baby ogre laugh . shrek the third - final screen script 117 . donkey peek -a-boo. peek-a-boo. a baby ogre pull ear wax from shrek 's ear . the baby use the wax to draw squiggly line on a piece of paper . queen bouncy , bouncy , bouncy boy . the Queen be bounce a baby ogre on she lap . the baby puke and the Queen smile . there be a knock at the door . donkey be lay on the floor hold a bottle with all four hoof , drink the milk . shrek grab the bottle out of donkey 's mouth . donkey hey . shrek open the front door to reveal the dwarf . nanny dwarf where 's the baby ? shrek put a bottle into the dwarf 's mouth and slam the door . CUT to : ext . swamp house - day Fiona slide one of the baby down a " slip `n slide " make out of mud shot from geyser . shrek slide down himself . the baby scramble out of the way as shrek slide by , spraying mud everywhere . CUT to : int . swamp house - evening shrek and Fiona be diaper two of the baby in perfect unison . they continue diaper , Fiona hold up the third baby and shrek hold up a unhappy , diaper puss . shrek grab a gourd bottle off of a shelf . he toss it to Fiona . shrek the third - final screen script 118 . Fiona stand hold one baby over she shoulder . she catch the gourd throw to she , twirl it around ( a la Tom Cruise in cocktail ) , lift up she leg where another baby be perch on she foot and put the gourd in the baby 's mouth . shrek be burping a baby over he shoulder . the baby burp . Fiona have a baby over she shoulder and the baby burp . a dronkey sit on a chair do a flame - belch and a ogre baby crawl by fart which cause a flame thrower effect into the fireplace . shrek and Fiona tuck all the baby into bed . shrek well , what shall we do now ? CUT to : int . shrek and fiona' bedroom - night shrek and Fiona be sound asleep , snore . dissolve to : ext . swamp house - continuous a baby start to cry . shrek ( sigh ) I get it . the camera truck out . the end