sicario written by Taylor sheridan a man , stand waist - deep in the surf . White shirt , neck tie , hair perfectly parte . Wire frame glass rest on the bridge of he nose . his name be alejandro . he rise he face to the sun . alejandro ( v.o . ) I think about the price . the price of appetite . the cost of forget who we be . pretend we be ... who we will never be ... he look young for 35 , but he eye -- seem they live for decade before he . he close they , bathing he face in sunshine . alejandro ( v.o . ) so easy to pretend we be not to blame . that a demon enter we . no ... the demon be inside . we just make potion that release it . the muscle of he neck tense . alejandro ( v.o . ) there 's no revenge for all they have take . no justice . it simply be ... his lip curl . his eye open . he look down . alejandro ( v.o . ) and still . they must be force to look at all they have destroy . by have the same do to they . or they will forget ... forget they be human . believe they be as different as they feel ... then they be the lion , and everything we love and lose , simply its meal . we hear splashing and the panicked gasp of a man try not to drow . only now do we see : alejandro be hold someone under the water . he let the drown man catch a breath , barely . pushes he back under . look out . lose in think . 2 . we watch from the beach as alejandro stand in the ocean to he belly , the sun high overhead . CUT to : yesterday . -- frame be filled with a blue eye , as blue as the ocean -- the eye blink , and we can almost feel a breeze -- we be that close . woman' voice ( whisper ) we Father , who art in Heaven , hallow be thy name . thy Kingdom come ... a vertical line of white light invade we , then grow . the eye disappear in it 's wake . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) thy will be do , on Earth as it be in Heaven . two door swing open . we see the silhouettes of twelve people dressed for battle , rifle at the ready , barrel point up . camera be so close to the woman 's face , it almost touch she . her lip be move , silently recite ... we be in a swat assault vehicle . it be moving backward fast and slam through a fade picket fence . stop in the yard of a crumble house . they all rise and leap from the vehicle . ext . tract house -- phoenix -- day . we be right behind the woman , who mumble the prayer as she run . the back of she vest read : FBI . her name be kate macy . macy give we this day ... we daily bread ... they reach the door , a shotgun blast the hinges . it fall like a drawbridge . macy ( cont 'd ) and forgive we we trespasp as we forgive that who trespass against we . 3. she speak the prayer faster , desperate to finish before she have to kill anyone , or be kill herself . macy ( cont 'd ) and lead we not into temptation but deliver we from evil ... swat officer rush in , scream . macy 's turn : she run through the bust door - int . tract house -- continuous . in the hallway now . the chaos be closer . she hurry the word . so close now ... macy ( cont 'd ) for thine be the Kingdom the power and glory forever and ever amen down mother fucker !! down down down !!! two latino men , 20' , be slam to the ground . another latino come from nowhere , throw himself on a african american man wear a FBI vest . a taser be press to he neck and he fall , paralyze , backward . macy take in the chaos , then push farther into the house , run past a bedroom with a open door . from the corner of she eye she see : a man pointing a shotgun at her . she duck as a shotgun blast rip 10 inch of dry wall above she . she turn , press the camera against the wall . we watch over she shoulder as she return fire . a rooster tail of shell casing be throw over we , invade we view . bullet after bullet pound he . the man 's knee give . he 's fall ... a round hit he in the face and he be throw back -- blood , brain , and skull fragment explode like shrapnel on the wall behind he . adrenaline hit she like a fever . she get dizzy , sit against the wall , gasp for breath . a swat officer rush to she . swat officer you hit ?? 4. macy I be good . I be good . the swat officer look at the hole in the drywall . leans forward . look closer ... what the fuck be that ?? his face now inch from the hole then jump back like he be bitten by a snake . swat officer what the fuck ?? we see what he sees : the skull of a man . dry skin sink into bone like cellophane . macy stand up and turn around . look at it . try to process what she 's see . she walk up and start pull at the drywall . other officer join she . they yank and tear a six foot hole in the wall , then stand back , speechless . body be stand side by side . a lime - green dust have spill out on the floor . the entire house be a tomb . CUT to : ext . tract house -- later . macy sit on the porch . swallow water from a bottle . hold it down maybe ten second . vomit ... we see another swat officer do the same . FBI agent reggie wayne , 30 , African american , walk from the house , fight the same urge . sit beside she . macy can not shake the smell . just sit in you . reggie yeah ... sorry I be not on you six . get wrap up in the front room . macy nod . macy I see . 5 . she look out over the sea of police vehicle on the street and spot phoenix homicide detective lance alvarez , 45 , head right for they . lance loan you swat and you hand we three dozen homicide . I oughta fuck pepper spray you . macy could not smell any worse . lance ha ha . you be not the one gotta clean this shit up . macy yeah . thirty family without a father 's real funny , but you keep worry about what it do to you weekend , lance . lance listen you fuck -- Reggie be on he foot in a instant and inch from lance 's face . reggie I do not hear you , you say something ? lance swallow he anger and he pride , walk toward the house . lance clear you people out , it 's we crime scene now . macy it 's you crime scene when I give it to you !!! reggie what be the chance they will put together a case . macy ... none . reggie look . 6 . she turn and see : FBI regional director dave jenning , 50 , leather skin stretch over a square jaw that rest on broad shoulder . beside he be deputy director phil cooper , 40 , bald and thin , exactly the man you want analyze data . reggie ( cont 'd ) ever see he at a crime scene ? macy no . jenning and phil reach she . jenning you okay ? macy I be fine . macy ( cont 'd ) wanna give I the tour ? she do not but she will . int . tract house -- live room -- continuous . no dry wall anywhere now : the wall have be stripped to the frame , expose another dozen body . coroner in protective suit remove they as detective photograph the scene . the smell be atrocious . phil look like sinaloa ... jenning nod and sigh . jenning yeah . ( to a coroner ) how many total ? coroner between here and the hall we have thirty , but there 's more in the back bedroom and we have not look in the attic or under the crawl space . jenning ( to phil ) call DOJ in Washington , let they know what we have . phil nod , pull he cell and step away . 7. jenning ( cont 'd ) this one of the house own by manuel diaz ? macy no way to connect he , but he own it . the smell be get to Reggie . do not look like he 's go to make it ... macy ( cont 'd ) go ahead and step out , it 's okay . do not have to tell he twice . jenning walk to the wall . Studies the face -- one in particular , tinted a ashy green from lye and month of decay -- he mouth open wide and eye shut so tight that he brow be a tangle of wrinkle , as though he be suffer he death for eternity . CUT to : ext . tract house -- backyard -- cont . we see a garage , and to it 's leave a storage shed . a officer yank box and garbage from it , toss it on the driveway . he reach the floor , which be cover with rubber matt . he pull one up and discover a 3 ' X 3 ' piece of plywood hinge to the floor and lock . officer I need bolt cutter . they be bring over and the lock be cut . the officer kneel down . lift the hatch a little . look under , flashlight in hand ... -- we be underneath the plywood , flashlight in our eye -- as the hatch be lift -- two hook with wire be visible to we leave and right . as the hatch be lift , the wire pull tighter ... we see where they lead : two grenade . int . tract house -- hallway -- cont . jenning and macy walk down the hall . jenning stop at the body of the man macy kill , then notice -- through a screen door at the end of the hall -- officer rush toward the shed . 8. jenning PD find something . macy and jenning walk outside . as the sunlight hit they , the officer open the hatch , the wire pull tight and we hear a `clink ' . -- the grenade explode . two officer blown to oblivion -- Dust , debris , smoke , and piece of they roll toward jenning and macy like a wave , swallow they . we entire world be fill with a brown cloud and scream ... CUT to : int . manuel diaz house -- day . we see child splash and play in a large pool through enormous window in manuel diaz be live room . as we pull back , we hear the sound of a news report . news reporter ( v.o . ) Phoenix police have release no detail , but there have be a explosion at a house in South Phoenix . camera pivot and we be look at a tv across a flawlessly decorate live room . aerial footage of the tract house and obliterate storage play . news reporter ( v.o . ) you can clearly see two body cover in tarp but Phoenix Police will not release name or even confirm the death . witnesses on the scene state that a warrant be serve at the house a hour before the explosion , so the speculation be the decease be Phoenix police officer -- a man lean into frame . his head slowly shake as he watch and listen . a cell phone ring . he answer it , mute the tv , and retreat out of frame , leave we to watch the news in silence , as the sound of child splash and laugh waft in through a open window . CUT to : 9. int . macy apartment -- bathroom -- night . we stare at the spout . Water wash over we . we look at the drain . dirt , blood , and small fragment of pink , white , and navy blue circle the drain as gravity carry they to the sewer of Phoenix . Dark brown hair be vigorously scrubbed . macy do not relax in this shower -- that be not its purpose . the purpose be to decontaminate . int . bathroom -- moment later . macy stand in front of the mirror , brush she hair . there be abrasion on she cheek and a deep cut that run down from the corner of she eye -- like she cry a scar . the hair brush catch . pull she head back . macy ow . she extract the brush . feel around on she scalp and retrieve a piece of bone . look at it ... she wrap it in toilet paper , set it on the counter , and get back in the shower . turn it on . gonna try this again ... int . macy live room -- night . the decor be spare . Functional and nothing more . do not even tease herself with picture on the wall . macy walk in wear a large men' t shirt , nothing else . her computer chirp . rosalyn4620 be ask that she chat . macy look at the screen . macy ( cont 'd ) not tonight mom . keeps walk . her cell phone ring . call display : mom . macy ( cont 'd ) uhh ... ( answer it ) Mom , it be a really tough -- rosalyn ( v.o. ) everyone sure miss you today . macy 's body tense and deflate at the same time . macy I too . you get my card ? 10 . mom ( v.o. ) get on the computer . I want to see you -- macy Mom , I just get -- mom ( v.o. ) it 's my birthday goddammit - macy I be signing on . she hit a button on she computer and rosalyn macy , 60 today , appear . she lean back and forth in front of the lens , still unsure about this technology that beam she image through space . mom can you see I ? macy stay in one place , Mom . happy birthday . sorry I do not call - mom can you see I ? I do not see you . lean forward -- there you be ... what happen to you face ? rosalyn 's happy mood be go . macy nothing . it 's something on you lens . mom kate . I can see it . macy like I say , rough day . silence . mom what a waste of a law degree , kate . macy hold she tongue , but it take effort . macy who come to the party ? 11 . mom Evan send I a card . I think that be very sweet . have you two speak ? macy sigh . macy no . mom well ... I hope you two will become friend . macy I be sure we will be great friend , mother . nothing like a divorce to bring people closer . beat . mom you look tired . macy I be ... ( force a smile ) happy birthday . how do it feel to be 60 ? mom it would feel a lot better with a grandchild , and I do not think it 's unreas -- macy slam the laptop close . she rub she eye ... so tired . her cell phone ring . she flip it open , angry -- macy I don't want to talk about grandchildren . ( it be not mom ) yeah , umm ... I can , I can be there in , say thirty minute ? yes sir . hang up . Day 's not over . CUT to : int . homeland security command CENTER -- phoenix -- night . macy and Reggie sit in chair against a glass wall . news footage of the blast play on monitor along the wall of a command center fill with activity . 12. in the glass office behind they , a dozen man in suit . jenning , in the same shape as macy , have deflate into a chair , phil sit beside he . macy turn and look through the wall at the man . reggie know what 's go on ? macy no idea . jenning make eye contact with macy through the glass . for the first time , he seem old to she . all this man look important , except one : matt grave , 40 , golf shirt , bit of a belly , red , shaggy hair -- look like a tourist . his demeanor be easy , you almost get the sense he 's have fun . macy turn around and rest she head against the glass . macy ( cont 'd ) I need coffee . reggie we do this by the book , right ? macy come on ... of course . macy let out a heavy breath , look back through the glass to find : every man in the room be staring right at her . macy ( cont 'd ) Jesus . reggie what ? ( turn around ) oh shit . phil walk toward they , push open the door . phil would you step in here , kate ? she rise and share a look with Reggie . the door close behind she . int . glass office -- cont . Matt smile , friendly . a man in he 40' , military haircut , burnett , look she over . 13. burnett quite a find today ... the loss of two officer not withstand . she say nothing . burnett ( cont 'd ) how familiar be you with manuel diaz 's operation ? macy his company , Sun Valley , own eighty or so foreclosure property , another -- matt what do you know about he brother ? she look at Matt . macy um ... be not aware he have one . matt guillermo ... mexican police be hold he in juarez . what do you know about he cousin ? beat . macy do not know he have one of that either . burnett his cousin be fausto alarcon . beat . macy I do not know who that be . matt number three in the sinaloa cartel . burnett manuel diaz be likely they most senior member in the United States . macy feel woefully unprepare for a inquisition . macy none of this be in he file . 14 . burnett with good reason . matt loose lip sink ship , kate . macy I be not -- jenning agent macy do not work narcotic , she run a kidnap response team . matt you marry ? macy I be sorry ? matt husband ? who the fuck be this clown in the golf shirt ? macy divorce . matt kid ? macy no . he work for border patrol and get to keep the condo and my bronco , anything else ? Matt smile . phil stand up . phil thank you kate , if you could wait outside , please . she stand there for a beat , utterly confuse , then leave . she sit back down next to Reggie . reggie ... well ? macy I have no clue . 15 . we watch the man speak through the glass , then they all file out of the office except jenning and Matt . phil stand at the door . phil will you come in , kate ? she walk in and stand across from jenning . jenning DOJ want advisor that focus on cartel involved in pursue Mr. diaz . this be Matt grave . he will be leading -- macy he will be lead who ? this be Phoenix homicide now . matt we be expand the scope of the investigation . phil you will act as a liaison . macy what do that mean ? phil State Department be pull a agent from the field that specialize in respond to escalate cartel activity . you will meet up with they ... ( to Matt ) at luke , tomorrow ? matt Day after . early . macy luke ... Air Force base ? matt gonna go see guillermo . macy his brother . matt that 's the one . Matt smile , like they be discuss renovate a kitchen . 16 . macy okay ... if I , umm ... what 's we objective ? matt we objective be to dramatically overreact . beat . macy why be not Reggie in here ? matt he 's a little green . you have be kick door longer . she look back at Reggie . matt ( cont 'd ) make you feel better to have he around , he can tag along after we get back from El paso . he smile . she take this in . jenning kate . you must volunteer for a interagency task force ... think very hard before you respond ... you want to be a part of this ? jenning ' eye beg she to say no . but the hunter in she be awake . she look back at Reggie -- he eye be full of concern ... macy we get a opportunity at the man responsible for today ? matt the man who be really responsible . macy then yeah , sure . I will volunteer . jenning look at she . nod . she be theirs now ... CUT to : 17 . int . tiny house -- nogales , mexico -- day . Morning sun hit close eye . Dark , fat face . bead of sweat on he brow and cheek . thick mustache . his name be silvio . a shadow fall over he . he feel it . eye pop open , tense . boy' voice papa ? a smile cross silvio 's face . boy' voice ( cont 'd ) despirtate . silvio no . silvio close he eye . the little boy tap he on the chest . boy' voice si. silvio 's smile grow . it be a game . silvio no . we see the boy now . he be eight . Bright brown eye . his name be eliseo . silvio ( cont 'd ) SI !! tengo un juego de futbol ! silvio act surprised . silvio ( cont 'd ) nooooo ... the boy laugh and grab he father 's hand , tug . eliseo Si papa ! tenemos que ir ! the boy pull with all he might . silvio make a show of resisting , then climb out of bed . eliseo keep a tight hold of he hand , and walk he down a hall to a small kitchen with adobe wall and a dirt floor . a open lead to a small patio that now serve mostly as a chicken coop . two chicken be in the kitchen . a woman stand over a stove , cooking . 18. eliseo ( cont 'd ) papa necessita cafe y juevo ! tenemos priso mama ! she turn and smile at she son , the bright star in she black life . her eye pass over silvio . she stop loving he year ago , but he adore they little boy ... at least they have that . he sit down . she scoops egg onto a plate with tortilla , drop it in front of he . hand he a coffee . he sniff it , hand it back . without a word she pour in two finger of tequila . the boy stare at he father with endless joy . no idea how unlucky he be . silvio stare back , wink . the boy smile . ext . silvio' house -- day . silvio and eliseo exit the house . silvio wear a State Police uniform , dress to intimidate . the boy wear he uniform , dress to play soccer . they walk past cinder - block house , one after the other , crack and fade from the sun . tejano music , car horn , and distant yell penetrate the morning . two armore personnel carrier drive past . silvio and eliseo wander away , eliseo 's tiny hand cling to silvio 's police belt . eliseo have he father for the whole day and he be not let go . they turn and disappear around the corner . only thing on the street be a stray dog bury itself in a overturn trash can ... the mascot of this die city . CUT to : ext . beach -- south of cartagena -- day . we be back with alejandro , hold a man under water . face to the sun , somehow able to focus fully on the task at hand while escape to someplace else . he let the man up . cough , heaving up salt water , and sobbing . he look at alejandro with the plead eye of a man whose will have be break . 19 . man Colonel guteman . yes ... alejandro and you too ... he nod . alejandro ( cont 'd ) say it . man of course I too ! if the Americans would leave , you would see ... no one be pure . alejandro let the man up and push he toward the shore . we now see the man wear a military uniform . he walk ahead of alejandro , look back . the man make a half heart attempt at attack alejandro , who push and spin he like a defiant child . they walk a few step and the man try it again . alejandro 's appear only half commit to the sloppy assault . alejandro slap the man across the face , then push he forward , slapping the back of he head as he do . they reach a stump where alejandro 's linen coat rest . alejandro sit down . man why ? alejandro can not walk back like this . we need to dry . they sit back and bathe in the sun . the man be uncomfortable - kidnapper and captive , loung on the shore . he consider run . consider fight he again , but settles on rest he tired back against the stump . man what will you do with I ? alejandro nothing . beat . 20 . man will I be arrest ? alejandro no . man what will you do with the Colonel ? alejandro nothing . ( alejandro turn he face to the sun ) I just want to know . CUT to : ext . jungle path -- colombia -- day . alejandro and the man walk along a two track road through a field of sugar cane . man if you tell . they will kill I ... my family . alejandro do not give I a reason . beat . man how do I avoid that ? alejandro by tell I the truth without have to drow you . they come around a bend and we see : a colombian military base . structure build in simple but orderly row . Humvees , one after the other , park neatly in front . Soldiers move about . colombia may be corrupt , but they be orderly about it . none of the filth and chaos of northern Mexico . they have be at it much longer , with battle line very clearly draw . the man turn to alejandro . man so ... that 's it then ? alejandro nod . 21 . man ( cont 'd ) you act like the narcos . you do thing that I do not understand . alejandro offer he a polite smile . alejandro if you be very lucky you never will . the man walk away , turn back occasionally to see if he be truly free . alejandro turn in another direction , spot three US marine humvee , EIGHT marine beside they . Matt stand in front . they walk toward each other . alejandro ( cont 'd ) it be the Colonel . matt we will get to that ... alejandro look over the Marines . alejandro why so many ? matt do not want anything to happen to you on the way to the airport . alejandro where be we go ? matt to keep my promise . alejandro 's kind , hollow eye almost show emotion . alejandro what do they do ? matt do not matter . it lead to fausto . and I be go to turn you loose . alejandro stand for a moment . the tiniest hint of a smile curl he lip . alejandro thank you . CUT to : 22. int . chevy tahoe -- day . Reggie drive , macy riding shotgun . through the windshield , we see the entrance to luke AIR force base approach . reggie you be back tonight ? macy yeah . I will call you , let you know what time . reggie I do not understand why they do not want I there ... she deflect . macy it 's El paso ... do not think you be miss much . reggie well ... you keep you eye on that doughy prick in the golf shirt ... she smile . macy I be suppose to worry about you . reggie this be not what we do , kate . macy we do what we need to do . ext . luke AIR force base -- phoenix -- day . Reggie pull to the guard post , hand over they id 's . a AIR force mp take they , compare id 's to a list . airport mp ( to Reggie ) you be not on here . reggie I know . what 's she suppose to do ? airport mp walk . macy open the door and step out . 23. macy I will call you when we be head back . she walk around the front of the tahoe and disappear with the mp into the guard house . ext . luke AIR force base -- phoenix -- day . macy walk toward the runway , look around , unsure where to go . matt ( o.s. ) kate . she turn , see Matt . matt ( cont 'd ) this way . macy be I late ? matt no . we just land . she walk to he and they head off . alejandro sit on a bench , patiently . they walk to he . matt ( cont 'd ) this be my bird dog , he name 's alejandro . he stand . alejandro hello . macy kate macy . alejandro study she . alejandro have you be to juarez before ? macy no ... wait , we be go to El paso , right ? matt yeah , we will talk about it on the plane . 24 . he walk off , they follow . he lead they to a gulfstream g650 . macy we be take this ? matt yeah . macy really ... okay ... they climb in . int gulfstream g650 they strap themselves in as the pilot speak with the tower . macy sit beside alejandro . Studies he . he look like a doctor or accountant , but there be a absent manner to he action , as though nothing warrant he full attention but the weight of he thought . he catch she look at he . alejandro what be you experience with operation like this ? macy none ... what be the operation ? he give she a polite smile . alejandro sleep if you can . juarez will demand all of you focus . he lay he head back and close he eye . macy look at Matt . macy be we go into juarez ? shake he head . could be interprete as a `no ' . macy ( cont 'd ) dod fly around in gulfstream now ? matt you guy do not have one ? she laugh . macy right ... food on this flight ? 25 . matt they get some bitchin peanut in the back . kind of a self - serve deal though . he put he head back , close he eye . she look over at alejandro who be already asleep . macy 's wire . no chance of sleep . pull a magazine from the seat back as the plane begin to taxi ... CUT to : -- flash back -- we see : alejandro 's face in profile . sunlight spilling over he through a small window . he look different . softer ... happy ... dark brown hair lower into frame toward he . he push it back , revealing a young woman . she smile and kiss he . he let she hair fall as the kiss grow . Dark hair fill the frame ... it get very still . darker now . sunlight be go . we pull back . farther . farther still . see the woman 's body . she lay face down in a hallway , naked . blood pool beneath she . we hear a heart beat . we move down a hall . heart beat faster . past a mexican police officer , who somberly watch we ... at the end of the hall we hear something rub , sway . we move faster . heart beat faster . Racing now . come to the end of the hall , the swaying be louder . we turn leave , push open a door . look up -- the sway sound be a rope . it swing in and out of frame . we follow it down -- the lifeless body of a young girl at the end of it . back to present -- alejandro jolt awake , slamm he hand into the seat in front of he -- scare the live shit out of macy . macy jesus !! alejandro look straight ahead . macy ( cont 'd ) you okay ? do not look at she . sweat roll down he face . 26 . alejandro yes . she keep look at he . he turn to she . alejandro ( cont 'd ) I be fine . we hear the pilot announce they initial descent into El paso 's fort bliss . alejandro lean back in he seat . macy so ... this be you specialty . alejandro hmm ? macy he say the cartel in Mexico be you specialty . alejandro yes . macy anything I should know ? alejandro you be ask how a watch work . for now , only focus on know the time . alejandro lay he head back . close he eye . macy mumble to herself . macy okay ... yoda . ext . fort bliss AIR strip -- EL paso -- day . alejandro , macy , and Matt walk off the plane , blind by the desert sun . a man in he late 30' , mustache , dea agent steve fersing , wave from inside a black chevy tahoe . they walk over and climb in . int . chevy tahoe -- continuous . steve how you be ? 27 . matt good . try to get dod to let I look into this conspiracy to sink figi. Steve chuckle . steve it 's the damn terrorist . they be sink all the tropical island . matt I figure a month or two there , I could get it work out . steve hear there 's a real drug problem at the four season there . you need any help look into it ... matt yeah , I will keep you post ... who 's go over today ? steve marshal , dea . pull a team for you . matt I get all warm and fuzzy when you say `team ' . steve it 's a crack bunch too . just rotate back from Afghanistan . matt where 's everybody link up ? steve Army Intelligence Center . macy listen intently , try to figure out what the hell they be talk about . alejandro look out across the border . alejandro seem different . he be somewhere else . somewhere bad . ext . army intelligence CENTER -- EL paso -- day . twenty foot wall surround the center . a guard post in front of a enormous close gate . the tahoe pull up ... a guard , dress like he be on mission in Afghanistan , step forward . 28 . guard id 's all around . hey Steve . even Steve hand he id . the guard return to the guard house with the id . Matt turn around and face macy . matt think you be in the big time in Phoenix ... welcome to Baghdad . the guard return with they id . guard be safe . the gate open and they pull in . there must be fifty vehicle , most be unmark suv , but a dozen Humvees and six armore personnel carrier , complete with 20 mm cannon . the area be alive with activity . Agents , deputy , and special force operator be move about . the tahoe park and we team get out . they follow Steve toward the entrance to : int . army intelligence briefing room -- cont . a US marshal stand in front of a video screen show the route into and out of juarez . twenty man seat in chair . none wear uniform , but all wear tactical vest , drop-leg holster , assault rifle by there side . it sound and look like a military operation . they take a seat in the back . macy the man seat around she . alejandro pay attention . she be surprised by the directive , turn she focus to the speaker . marshal mexican Federal Police will meet you at the border and proceed with you to the courthouse locate ( point on map ) here . this be a high level target . the most likely spot for a attempt will be at the exchange and the border . the marshal will enter -- Kevin , keith , wanna stand up ? 29 . two man in they 50' stand up . they look like they be teleport from another time -- starch white shirt under bullet proof vest , starch wrangler , bone color cowboy hat , and face tough as boot leather . they turn to the room without smile . matt ( smiling ) man , I love texans . alejandro whisper to she . alejandro memorize the face of everyone here . know who be with you . marshal marshal ' response team be in laredo so , we friend from Delta have volunteer to come along and will escort the marshal at the exchange . the marshal speak notice Matt in the back . marshal ( cont 'd ) here 's the man of the hour . you come or wait here ? matt sure , we will take the tour . loan I a couple of pop gun ? marshal this be turn into a all - Star affair . wanna another hand at the exchange , keith ? keith ( to Matt ) you sober ? Matt laugh . matt I will be by the time we get there . keith I get a bottle in the truck in case yer hand git to shakin . matt I miss you hospitality , keith . turn to macy . 30 . matt ( cont 'd ) guess we be go sightseeing . macy look very uncomfortable . marshal alright . so , and we will gear you up when we be do , Matt -- you can be the tip of the spear and we do not have to rob a guy from Delta ... be careful on the turn-around -- if a federale be a shooter it will be on the turn around . Ray , you team 1 be lead vehicle and we can divide team 2 into the carry car and the trail vehicle , that okay ? a man with a short beard and very broad shoulder nod . marshal ( cont 'd ) Ray , if Delta could stand up so everyone can see who to stand behind if the shit hit the fan ... everyone laugh . the Delta operator rise . though this be a room of professional , this man truly look like the one you want to stand behind . marshal ( cont 'd ) most likely spot for a hit be at the border crossing on the return . State Police have agree to hold a lane for you . head up if they do not ... anywhere along the way , anyone not in this room be a potential shooter . this op be not over until we be back here , okay ? be aware , be vigilant , and stay alert . let 's go . Men begin rise and readying they gear . the mood be relaxed . Matt walk to the marshal -- they shake hand and disappear in the back . macy ever be over there ? he look at she and offer a smile . alejandro I work in juarez . macy for the dea ? 31 . alejandro no . he offer nothing further . macy for who ? alejandro Mexico . as a federal prosecutor . macy you be not american ? alejandro no . she try to make sense of that . macy who do you work for now ? alejandro smile . alejandro I go where I be send . macy where be you send from ? alejandro cartagena . macy ... colombia ? alejandro nod . Matt emerge from the other room carry two m4 carbine and a kevlar vest . macy see he and march to he . matt ( handing she the vest ) see if this fit . macy ( point toward alejandro ) be he CIA ? be you ? matt try it on . macy well ? 32 . matt he 's a dod advisor , just like I . she do not budge , hold he gaze . matt ( cont 'd ) pay attention to alejandro -- he say do something , do it . she take that as a `ye ' . macy I be not authorize to -- matt Fine . stay here . she shift she weight . hesitates ... matt ( cont 'd ) but you do not want to , do you ? macy I just wanna know what I be get into -- matt you ask to get on this train . because you know you be not stop anything in Phoenix . you be just sweeping up the mess . in six month , every house you raid will be rig with explosive ... you want to find the man responsible ? this be where we start . he walk off . after a moment , she follow . ext . cesar chavez border highway -- EL paso -- day . five chevy tahoe , siren on the dashboard move through El paso . we watch from above as they cut they way through traffic ... int . chevy tahoe -- cont . macy sit in the back beside alejandro . he hold a rifle between he leg , barrel point down . macy notice he right hand -- he finger rest on the button that roll down the window . 33. macy so how nervous should I be ? the dea agent riding shotgun turn back to she . agent be you kid ? he point out the window . agent ( cont 'd ) over there ? that 's the beast . he turn back , face front . she look out the window to juarez . it be so close , you could throw a frisbee into it . ext . border highway -- continuous . the convoy turn onto the bridge of the AMERICAS . border Agents have close the leave lane to traffic , in preparation for the convoy 's arrival . from above , we see mexico . some thirty federal police truck , soldier filling the beds be wait for they . the convoy drive straight through -- the mexican Police truck roll forward as we convoy catch up to they . through the remainder of scene , we will intercut in and out of the vehicle the city of juarez be itself a crime . filthy and crumble , hooker and criminal fill every possible space of sidewalk . they be as plentiful as the unfortunate mass that be condemn to live and work here . siren blare . police yell over loud speaker and through megaphone for vehicle to pull over and let the convoy pass . sweat roll down macy 's face . she can feel she heart beat ... loud enough she actually wonder if other hear it too . at every turn , it seem there be soldier and police . a large group of police can be see on a side - street , stand around a car -- a dead body on the street beside it . macy see a woman in she 20 's sprint down the street , scream , though there be no one chase she . 34 . alejandro tap she on the shoulder , motion she to scoot toward he . alejandro want to see juarez ? he point to a bridge where the body of a man hang , a dozen soldier look down at it . as we look closer , we see he have be decapitate -- he head replace with that of a pig , crudely sewn to he body with fishing line . the body be naked from the waist down -- a state police shirt on he torso . as the convoy race up the street , the bridge and it 's swinging corpse come closer . alejandro ( cont 'd ) hard to believe , yes ? macy ( breathless ) yes . alejandro he wear the state police shirt . the pig -- not what you think it mean . all state police work for the cartel . all of they . that man ... he try to work for two ... he get greedy . they continue past . into a even worse part of juarez , if that 's possible . the vehicle come to a stop . popping sound can be hear . like firework . agent hear that ? he crack he window . the sound flood in . gunfire . not ten shot , not fifty . hundred . it be a battle . over the radio we hear : voice everybody hold on . mexican be adjust we route . there 's activity ahead we need to go around . we sit here , listen to the gunfight as it build in intensity . we hear a series of explosion . 35 . both agent in the front seat reposition they rifle . ready . the convoy roll again . make a leave , drive away from the battle as though they be avoid road construction . a few block and they all snake right . macy be try hard not to be terrify . suddenly , the convoy pick up speed . move 70 mph over a road that barely qualify as two lane . they race past a park . a large building can be see on the right . the mexican flag fly in front . numerous Federal Police vehicle in front . the convoy stop in front and the Delta operator be out of they vehicle , set a perimeter . the marshal and Matt emerge and move straight to the building , two deltas follow . macy stay glue to the front door of the building . wait . alejandro shift in he seat toward macy . alejandro nothing will happen here . if they try anything , it will be at the border . if no lane be clear for we when we return ... be ready . watch the car . look for old car . throw away . not gangster car ... that be for the whore on Saturday night . do you watch the car we pass drive in ? she shake she head `no ' alejandro ( cont 'd ) watch for state police . they be all bad . we will lose the escort at the loop . you will see . that be when you worry . Matt and the marshal come out with a man cover in a blanket . he be place in the backseat . the federal Police begin turn they vehicle . agent now . suddenly , the tahoe lurch forward -- move between the vehicle with Matt and the marshal -- act as a shield . macy look out the window at the Federal Police truck . she notice the agent riding shotgun have he rifle at the ready in the direction of the Federal Police . 36 . alejandro ( o.s. ) lean back , kate . she turn to find he point he rifle almost at she head . she lean back , and move she hand toward she ear , ready to cover they . macy Jesus . agent okay . go. the tahoe begin move and perform a lighting fast three point turn , and just like that we be head north . macy let out a endless sigh of relief . we be drive very fast now . macy look out the windshield , the hill of El paso loom in the distance . alejandro on the leave . two street over , as building whip by , we see a state police vehicle even with we . it disappear as building fill we view , then at the next block we see it again . we hear over the radio -- voice we have a spotter on the leave everyone . keep you eye out for a strike vehicle . the driver speak into he radio . driver Mexico hold a lane for we at the border ? voice that 's my understanding . we be try to confirm ... as we race to the border , the state police vehicle have disappeared . we come to the loop , the last exit before be feed into the twelve lane lead only to the border crossing ... with no way out . 37 . at the loop , the mexican Federal Police vehicle peel off , leave the convoy alone . at the border , US homeland security officer can be see stand with rifle , make a very public show of force . there be no lane clear for they , and just like that -- they be trap in traffic . voice ( cont 'd ) everyone stay in this lane . we agent at the border be go to wave everyone through and get we over as quick as they can . the agent at the border be not even check passport , just move car through in the lane where the convoy be trap , but there be fifty car ahead of they ... alejandro look out he window and see , two lane over : four men in a old buick lesabre . they be stare straight ahead . all drench in sweat . alejandro tap macy , she scoot closer . alejandro you have a service weapon ? macy yes . alejandro get it out . she unholster she pistol . alejandro ( cont 'd ) Silver lesabre . two lane over my 3. agent yep . he take the radio . agent ( cont 'd ) Silver lesabre , two lane right , 3 o'clock . voice one lane over right , 5 o'clock . burgundy expedition . 38 . voice2 Three lane over right , 1 o'clock , green honda civic . macy grip she pistol . macy okay ... okay ... then alejandro spot it . alejandro gun. buick lesabre , 3 o'clock , gun . the flash suppressor of a AK 47 be peek out in the back seat . a sweaty , young gunman hold the rifle between he leg . voice2 what be the rule here ? voice we must be engage to engage . voice2 can we get out of this vehicle and set a perimeter ? voice stay in you vehicle . you can do what they do . if they get out you can get out . alejandro ( to macy ) watch the door handle . the car be beginning to move in the convoy 's lane . another fifteen second and they can leave this hell behind . voice get ready . they can see we lane clear . if it 's come , it 's come now . only a few more car and the convoy be clear . but that would mean luck be on they side and luck do not live on this side of the border . the door to the expedition swing open . by the time the assassin put a foot to the ground , the Delta operator be out of they car and halfway to they , rifle raise . before macy can react , she be alone in the tahoe . 39 . even the driver have exite ... she be start to panic . macy think ... think ... she look at she pistol , grip it tight . and go nowhere . macy ( cont 'd ) okay ... the assassin be freeze , gun by they side . a dozen Americans have weapon train on they . the agent riding shotgun stand in front of the buick , rifle point at the windshield . other operator be at the flank of the Civic before they door be even open . but at the expedition , man be already out , weapon in they hand . the delta operator and alejandro be yell at the man in Spanish . one retreat to the safety of the back seat , but the other know the consequence of a fail hit and they be not in checkmate like that in the other car ... the assassin , none over twenty year old , yell and cuss and threaten as the operator surround they in a semicircle . the assassin that exite the driver seat -- 2 carat diamond earring and no shirt on he skinny chest -- scream in hateful defiance at the operator surround he . he raise he weapon and alejandro and the operator FIRE -- he be obliterate -- they continue fire , surgically kill all the expedition 's crew . bullet ping through the windshield . bullet tear the expedition to shred . the assassin never fire a shot . the innocent mass stick in the crossfire duck out of view in they vehicle . the street be instantly empty . the noise of the shoot echoe off the asphalt with the force of thunder . macy watch through the back window . macy ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be we do ??!! the man watch the other vehicle hold target in they sight . the rest will take they chance with the boss . do not even look in the direction of the Americans -- just stare straight ahead , sweat ... 40 . the operator and alejandro work they way back to the vehicle . everyone retreat to they car . the kid with the AK 47 in the back of the buick make a move for he door handle . alejandro clock it , put 10 round through the window , kill he and the man beside he before the door be open . macy turn away in shock to find : a mexican state police officer 5 feet from her window !!! he raise a AK 47 to he shoulder -- point right at she . before she can think , she gun be raise and fire through the tinted window . the sound be deafen . as the man fall out of view , all we can hear be the ringing in her ear . alejandro and the agent riding shotgun jump in and roll they window down and sit out of they like turret as the vehicle start up and race to the border . they pass the guard house without stop , border Agents wave they onward through the finish line . more agent point weapon and scream at the mexican State police officer who have emerge from they office . it be absolute madness ... alejandro and the agent sit back in the vehicle and roll up the window ... they be back in America . macy struggle to get she breath . no one speak . after a long beat ... macy ( cont 'd ) this be go to be on the front page of every newspaper in America . agent no it will not . it will not even make the paper in El paso ... the convoy be safe . it race past traffic , red siren lighting the dashboard ... ext . army intelligence CENTER -- day . the vehicle pull in and park . Agents and operator exit the vehicle and amble toward the entrance . macy get out , she head spin . 41 . Matt walk up to she . she hold out a hand , begging he away . macy just ... give I a minute . matt yeah . that get a little nutty , huh ? macy no. no. do not ... no . this be not ... this be a special op . you be a fuck spook . and he !! who the fuck be that ?? she point at alejandro . he let she vent . Burning the unused adrenaline . matt hey . I tell you to stay here ... macy I be not qualified for this . I be good at what I do , but I be not a soldier . matt do not sell yourself short . reason Reggie 's home be I know he 's not ready for this , but he 's gonna have to get ready real quick , because this be the future . juarez be what happen when they dig in ... macy do not put I in a situation where I have to break the law to stay alive . do not do that to I . Steve walk up to Matt . steve you wanna get crack ? matt on that note , I think you better stay out here . Matt wink and walk in the building , leave macy alone in the motor pool . int interrogation room day 42 . a door open and we find guillermo , 45 , fat , three day stubble , and very unhappy to be here . his hand be cuffed behind he back . a dea agent hold a bottle of water that guillermo suck like a infant . Matt walk in . matt ( cont 'd ) give he a belly full of water ... you devil . Matt smile , the agent smile back . Matt sit in the only other chair in the room . matt ( cont 'd ) do not think we would get you here , do you ? guillermo no hablo - matt I love it when they do not hablo . bring a old buddy of yours . Bet you `hablo ' to he . the door open and alejandro walk in , carry two five gallon jug of water . it take guillermo a minute , then horror wash over he face . guillermo El medellin . matt alejandro , he remember you . no expression on alejandro 's face . the dea agent move to the door . dea agent I be gonna step out . he close the door behind he . the red `record ' button on the camera mount in the corner go out . we notice a drain in the floor . alejandro walk toward guillermo , stand across from he . place a foot on he chest . pushes ... hard ... guillermo sway back , like a chop tree . he move through frame in slow motion , fall out of frame . ext . army intelligence CENTER -- dusk . 43. macy lean against a car . spot a guy with a cigarette . macy hey . get another one of that ? he give she one . light it . she draw in , cough . macy ( cont 'd ) be a while . thanks . delta ( o.s. ) like firework ? she turn and see a Delta operator . holding a pair of binolulars . delta ( cont 'd ) come here . she follow he . they walk to the back of the motor pool to a stairway that lead to the roof of the building . he go up . she hesitates . delta ( cont 'd ) up to you . she take the bait . climb up . they sit on the edge of the roof , face juarez . he begin glass the area . macy firework be code for something , I assume . delta sort of . he glass . she smoke , wait for the other shoe to drop . delta ( cont 'd ) here we go . he hand she the binocular . delta ( cont 'd ) look right there . -- through the binoculars we look over juarez -- she see it . muzzle flash . right on the street . rifle fire glow white against the muddy gray of juarez at dusk . go as fast as it come . she look at Delta . 44 . delta ( cont 'd ) keep look . she begin scan the city . siren . everywhere . she see another muzzle flash . she look up . macy I do not hear anything . delta can not . too far away . keep look . they be everywhere . she scan the city slowly . siren . more siren . the city be light in a throbbing red and blue . macy unbelievable . delta madness , huh . he bum a drag from she cigarette . they sit in silence and watch the city go to war . CUT to : ext . luke AIR force base -- night . macy , Matt , and alejandro walk through the parking lot . macy be exhaust . Matt 's on he cell phone . matt can they get they all in one place ? no ... I be on a clock now , I can not wait ... no , contact Bob fiske . have he hold all of they at the staging center . ( turn to macy ) how far be tuscon ? macy from here ? Little over two hour . matt we will be there a little after 2 . not what macy want to hear . macy we be go to Tucson ? matt you gotta learn how to sleep on a plane . 45 . Reggie lean against the tahoe . not very happy . reggie they let I on the base when this peckerwood need a ride , do not they ? macy reggie - matt ( pleasant as can be ) have nothing to do with you race . I just do not believe you be good enough at you job yet to be of any use . kate 's sure fond of you , though . reggie thanks , man . I feel much better now . Reggie spot alejandro . reggie ( cont 'd ) who 's that . macy shake she head , do not have the strength to go into it . macy we be go to Tucson . Matt and alejandro get in the back seat of the tahoe . we push in on alejandro 's emotionless face . reggie ( o.s. ) now ? she nod and yawn at the same time . Reggie take she in . reggie ( cont 'd ) hey ... how be it ? macy bad . reggie what happen ? she move toward the front of the car . macy now 's not the time . 46 . they climb in . Reggie look over at macy stare out the window , rest she heavy head on she fist . he look back at Matt and alejandro , both already asleep . CUT to : ext . illegal immigrant processing CENTER -- tuscon -- night . the team walk from they park car toward a irate bob fiske , 40' , walk toward they . bob what 's the deal , Matt ? why you hold up my transport ? matt we will be quick . bob I have to feed this bastard when we hold they . know how a internal auditor respond to a eight thousand dollar check to fuck domino 's pizza ? matt you be so dramatic , Bob . this be kate macy with the FBI , and she partner ` what 's he name ' ... it be she call . do not introduce alejandro and Bob do not ask - kate notice . macy I do not even know what we be do here . ( point to he cigarette ) get another one of that ? bob finish it before we get inside . he give she one , light she as they walk . the giant , dome warehouse grow closer . the dull murmur of four hundred people talk and sit and move and complain be wafting out like a odor . macy try to suck the entire cigarette in one drag . Reggie lean into she . reggie what happen in El paso ? talk to I . 47 . macy we be not in El paso . reggie ... where be you ? macy we be in Mexico . Reggie stop . macy do not . she reach the door and flick the smoke on the ground . int . immigration warehouse -- continuous . the illegal have be separate by sex and criminal record . woman on the leave ... the worker bee -- the busboy and landscaper and construction worker -- be in the center , and in the back , line up against the wall , the felon ... Three dozen homeland security agent stand over they with m4 . bob there you go . I be start the bus . when you be do with they , send they out . alejandro all the woman can go . bob coulda tell I that on the phone , Matt . matt first I have hear it . they head toward the group of felon and the like as the woman be move out to the bus . alejandro watch this man close . look for the one like the man you see in juarez . macy look at he . his kind , sad demeanor seem to settle she . she know he be offer she something , just do not know why . she turn to the man against the wall . they have they hand behind they back , zip tie . alejandro ( cont 'd ) do you see ? 48 . she scan they face . many have tattoo , shave head . a boy , maybe 18 , haircut like a pop star from the 90' . diamond earring , stare hard at she . macy him . alejandro nod . alejandro yes . keep look . she study more face . the one that look like american gangster - they look down , away , no eye contact . but the one with mustaches no longer in style , hair parte down the middle , the lanky teens with polo shirt , they stare defiantly . no fear of consequence from american officer . as subtle as the difference be - how they wear they pants , how they lean against the wall ... she understand now . macy yeah . I see it . she turn to alejandro , but he be go . she turn around and he stand thirty foot back beside Matt , look over the migrant . macy walk back to they . macy ( cont 'd ) what be we look for ? matt two way to find drug route . you can play cat and mouse with that clown , or ask this guy what trail they avoid . they walk toward the large group , the simple migrant . the one that be filthy , tired . eager to either be send back to Mexico or go to work . alejandro they see it all , and must avoid the trap set everywhere for they . we look for one who be older ... one who have have enough . Bob walk up . bob you do with this behind you ? 49 . matt all yours . the Agents begin yell and march the smuggler group out . alejandro turn to bob. alejandro break they into group of four , let they spread out , each group as far from the other as possible . Bob huddle he agent and begin explain as Matt and alejandro walk off . we see Reggie , observe from the entrance . he 's have enough ` not know ' , walk to macy . reggie what be we do here ? ( look she over ) what be you do in Mexico ?? macy I be with you , alright . I do not have answer . reggie well , let 's get some then . she look at he . macy you think I have not ask this question . think you can do better ? matt . can we talk to you for a minute ? he start walk toward they . they head for the open warehouse door . ext immigration warehouse cont . macy and Reggie stop in the center of the parking lot . Matt catch up to they . matt this feel very serious . reggie what be we look for ? there 's in the dark and then there 's the way you be treat we . I want to know the objective , or I walk . period . 50 . matt then go . I do not ask you to be a part of this . she do . macy I walk too . Reggie stare at Matt , who casually smile , pacify the child . matt what would you like to know ? reggie everything . matt guillermo tell we about a tunnel east of nogales , near sasabe . so now , we be try to find what area near there migrant avoid . because that 's where the tunnel will be . better ? reggie guillermo be ...? Matt laugh . matt I be go back in . he turn . macy he told you where a drug tunnel be ... just ... told you . matt guillermo do not have any other option . we send he back across the border and he 's a dead man . have to give we something . he just smile ... macy bullshit . reggie look man , we have a boss , and you be not he . be straight . what be you do ? 51 . matt we be go to make enough noise that manuel diaz be call back to Mexico to see he boss . reggie and then ? matt and then we know where he boss be . alejandro ( o.s. ) fausto alarcon , manuel 's cousin ... manuel 's boss ... he be a executioner ... alejandro stand beside they , but look out over the black desert . alejandro ( cont 'd ) when people die in my country , it be with he hand or he bless . to find he would be like ... discover a vaccine . manuel will lead we to he . his kind , hollow eye meet Reggie 's . alejandro manufacture a smile . alejandro ( cont 'd ) certainly , you understand the value of that . reggie alright ... we be good . just do not keep we in the dark . alejandro there be only dark , my friend . Reggie study this strange , sad man . look at he with something between fear and mistrust . macy just look tired and mad . Matt take they both in . macy what happen when you find he ? but alejandro be already walk back to the warehouse . matt it 's be a humdinger of a day . go home . get some rest . we will find a ride . see you tomorrow . 52 . Matt turn and walk back . reggie I just drive a hundred fuck mile ... macy this be a bless , trust I . I want to stop and get some cigarettes . reggie get you smoking again ... it be that bad ? she move to the car . macy worse . Reggie watch Matt walk back in the warehouse , try desperately to play catch up . wonder why no one , he partner include , will tell he anything ... CUT to : int . chevy tahoe -- night . Reggie drive down a empty interstate 19 . up ahead , he spot a truck stop . reggie not that I think you should , but if you want cigarettes -- he look over -- she be sound asleep . he drive past the truck stop , tail light fade into the desert ... CUT to : int . macy apartment -- day . macy lay in bed watch the blade of she ceiling fan in they endless revolution . she rise -- dress in pajamas at last -- and head to the kitchen . she pour a cup of coffee , head to she computer . pull up the CNN website , scroll the news , nothing about a shoot - out on the border . go to the El paso newspaper website . nothing there either . she google shoot out , juarez ... be bombard with image . 53. her screen be flood with photo : woman naked , torture , beat . breast cut off , pinkish flesh expose . body of man in ditch , dead in chair , dead in car ... dead everywhere . but nothing of yesterday . the image invade she . can not look anymore ... she dig up a cigarette , go to she screen door , open it and step out , light she smoke . she see Reggie pull up and park . she yell down to he . macy what 's up ? reggie you be phone 's off . macy yep . reggie we gotta go . that spook be call I all morning . macy want some coffee ? reggie we gotta go . macy I have to get dress . come up . int macy apartment day Reggie lean against the dining room table , cup of coffee in hand . macy move from she bathroom , slack on and only a old , off white bra . he notice . do not hide it . reggie gotta get you a new bra , woman . macy list of thing I need be almost infinite . reggie just say . you gotta ... some nice lacy something . she walk in the room , buttone the last of she shirt . 54 . macy be so long since anyone 's see I in a bra , except you ... do not look at I like that . no pity , thank you . reggie how be see Evan the other day ? macy ... I do not know . reggie miss he ? macy guy work eighty hour a week and think I be too focus on my job . reggie mmhmm . and what do that tell you ? beat . macy ask I something else . beat . reggie what be it like ? on the border . she turn to he . how do you describe it ... macy it 's break ... the whole place . just ... lose . he absorb that . reggie wish you have not volunteer for this . macy I too . but ... I have to know . reggie know what ? macy could it get that bad here ? 55 . reggie well , you sure pick the mother fucker to show we . macy yeah ... ext scottdale best western day Reggie and macy knock on the door . it open . Matt , dress for golf , stand there with a slurpee . matt come on in . they walk into the `suite ' , the best a motel room can be . the wall be cover with topo map of Arizona , road map , and geological map ... alejandro sit at a table with four migrant from the warehouse . Worker bee . alejandro point to a spot on the map with a chopstick from they take out . migrant 1 ( subtitle ) you can not cross there . point somewhere else . migrant 1 ( cont 'd ) there be okay . migrant 2 ( subtitle ) but the coyote there be crooked . no woman can cross there ... alejandro look at Matt . alejandro we should watch here . alejandro point to another spot , just across the border from sasabe , Mexico . all the migrant say ` no ! ' in unison , even laugh at the notion . migrant 1 ( subtitle ) that be drug land . the only people that cross there be force to . to keep the border patrol busy . 56 . migrant 2 ( subtitle ) you try to cross there , they will kill you . and for a woman ... a rape tree for she . migrant 1 ( subtitle ) that be for they tunnel . never cross where there be tunnel . alejandro ( subtitle ) you know this land ? a tunnel where car can pass ? migrant 1 oh yeah . for year , the best place to cross ... right here . he point to a depression on the topo map . migrant 1 ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) this arroyo ? you can walk it all the way to highway 86 . there be shade and a spring -- here . but a tunnel be there now . do not go there ... Reggie 's jaw be on the floor . macy be you get this ? reggie yeah . I do not believe it , but I understand what they be say . alejandro ( subtitle ) can you mark the tunnel on here ? hand he a pen . migrant 1 ( subtitle ) sure . it 's be a while . Three year . they make I dig for a month to cross . I snuck out one night and run ... they hide the entrance behind a old car . matt guillermo be tell the truth . alejandro look at Matt . 57 . alejandro this be we way across . right here . ( back to the migrant ) where do you live ? migrant 1 ( subtitle ) East of the airport . Matt spoon the last of he slurpee . turn to macy . matt how good be you Spanish ? macy not great . reggie mine be . how do you get all this ? Matt smile , spoon himself slurpee . matt power of persuasion . alejandro ( subtitle ) know a Wells fargo on baseline ? migrant 1 ( subtitle ) no cabron . we drive to cave Creek for the bank . there be a Wells fargo on baseline , but it be a narco bank . the narco hit you as you walk to it ... only the salvadoran use it , cuz they do not know ... the soldier deposit narco money there . they will rob you cabron , to make up for what they skimm . no , you have to bank up by the white cowboy , that be safest . alejandro ( look at Matt ) guillermo tell the truth about everything . matt we be gonna have a good day . ( point to the migrant ) let 's send this guy home . macy border patrol 's not down there . 58 . matt think they would tell we all this and then go back to Mexico ? you get one night 's sleep and forget everything ? alejandro ( subtitle ) thank you ... do not cross again . not for a long time . the migrant look down at a small card in he hand . the other have they as well . migrant 1 ( subtitle ) this green card be good ? alejandro ( subtitle ) better than good , my friend . the man get up casually and walk out , sip they soft drink . Matt look at macy . matt have friend at Phoenix swat ? macy yeah , we use they for breech when hrt be busy . matt they any good ? macy yeah ... they get a lot of practice . he nod . matt get a new frame of reference for practice now , do not you . let 's give Phoenix swat a call , shall we ? macy ( to alejandro ) what do you find out ? he lay a hand on she shoulder . the intimacy of the gesture surprise she . alejandro we be close . CUT to : 59 . we be looking through a telephoto lens . we watch a man , 20' , baggy jeans , white t-shirt , sit on the curb , fiddling with a iphone . voice we take he when he make the grab ? matt ( o.s. ) when he come out of the bank . we need the deposit receipt to seize the account . let he do the assault ... we hit he when he come out . through the lens we see a woman , 50' , waddling up . the young man approach she . he 's talk to she . she shake she head . he discreetly punch she in the kidney . she react , then reach into she purse . she hand he cash , then kneel down and begin write something on a piece a paper . macy ( o.s. ) what be she do ? matt ( o.s. ) endorsing over she paycheck . she stand and walk the other way , hold she side . the young man walk in the bank . pull back and reveal , we be : int . cargo van -- day . Matt , Reggie , macy , alejandro , and cory , 35 , swat sergeant . two other swat officer , and a man in a suit . cory can we get in position ? matt when he walk out of the bank , we pull beside and you take he . the young man walk out of the bank and be move down the street . we be move now . matt ( cont 'd ) now . 60 . cory ( into a radio ) take he . we see two phoenix PD vehicle round the corner . the van door be throw open and cory and he guy be on the run . the young man turn but by the time he do , cory have tackle he . the man in the suit , Reggie , and macy get out . alejandro and Matt stay in the van . cory ( cont 'd ) you have any weapon ? he 's frisk he . find a small bag of meth , the cell phone , and the bank receipt . cory ( cont 'd ) where 's uh ... what 's he name . man in suit here . he hand he the bank receipt and the man disappear inside ... cory continue digging and find five thousand in cash on the young man . cory Little walk money , sport ? macy take this all in . a crime she do not even know exist . she walk back to the van . macy you guy come ? Matt shake he head `no ' . alejandro do not go in the bank , kate . macy this be something I can actually build a case on . matt kate -- she turn and walk in . int . well fargo bank -- moment later . 61 . we hold on a printout of account activity . deposit . deposit . deposit . deposit . every day . the account balance around two million dollar . macy this be all manuel diaz 's account ? man in suit yeah . look here . macy and Reggie be lean over he . man in suit ( cont 'd ) Cash deposit come in daily , the balance transfer to a money market account in 9000 dollar increment . all cash transaction 10,000 and over must be report to treasury -- macy and you can seize that . man in suit already have . I will go through this wire transfer number and freeze all this account as well ... this be a really big bust . I do not know why we have never try this before . who know they just stand outside bank and rob people , then deposit the money ... macy and Reggie ask themselves the same question . a well fargo manager walk over some more paperwork . the man in the suit look it over . man in suit ( cont 'd ) wow . macy what ? man in suit know what this be ? he show she a printout . macy no . 62 . man in suit it 's a bank line of credit . you make payment over what you owe and it do not show as cash it show as a negative loan balance ... see that ? he point to the loan amount . - 17,453,229.26 macy oh my god . macy walk out of the bank and straight to the van , Reggie right behind . she look bewilder and scared . she climb in next to they . macy ( cont 'd ) they just seize seventeen million dollar ... I need that explain to I . guillermo diaz tell you all that in a hour ? matt we know where he account be , we just do not know they be shaking people down in front of the fuck branch . it 's a bogus bust , though . can not prosecute it . no one control who deposit money in a account . a attorney will have that money back in a few month ... but a lot of head will roll before then ... macy we can arrest manuel for now . at least get he off the street . head off . matt do not you dare . she turn back to they . alejandro we need he to get call back to Mexico . that 's the objective , kate . 63. macy that make no sense ... we can get he off the street ! right now . if I can tie any of this payment to -- matt you can not arrest he . beat . macy watch I . she march back toward the bank . CUT to : int . federal build -- director jenning's office -- day . macy and Reggie sit across from jenning and phil . Bob fiske be there as well . jenning US Attorney will not issue the warrant . I can not override -- macy this be ridiculous . his guy be robbing people in front of the bank ... so we find out where he boss life in Mexico . Big deal . I have see the mexican police in action and believe I -- jenning kate ... what do you want ? what would you like do here ? macy I would like to follow some semblance of procedure , and build a prosecutable case against -- jenning we prosecute more felony drug case in this region last year than in the two previous year combine . be you feel that on the street ? you get the `vibe ' that we " be win ? 64 . beat . macy no . jenning do you ? reggie no ... I do not . phil advisor like Matt come in , stir the pot , cause this criminal to react and make mistake . that 's how we build case against the individual that actually make a difference in this fight . when they be nervous , when they stop trust they crew , when they move they money ... this be all opportunity to strike ... that 's the purpose of contractor like Matt . jenning this be not something I dream up myself , kate . I do not have the authority to hire advisor or authorize joint agency mission . or fly agent from air force basis , be you understanding I ? this decision be make far from here . by official elect to office , not appoint to they ... so if you fear be operate out of bound I be tell you , you be not . the boundary have be move . get it ? she do . but that do not mean she like it ... CUT to : int macy vehicle late afternoon macy and Reggie drive in silence . nowhere in particular ... just drive . macy where would that guy say the safe bank be , cave Creek ? 65 . reggie yeah ? macy ever be there ? reggie do not even know where it be ... macy North of Scottsdale . horse country ... reggie yeah ? macy Big saloon there call the buffalo chip ... feel like a beer somewhere far away ? reggie why ? there a angle here ? macy yeah . angle be I get drunk and forget about today . reggie at the buffalo chip ? yeah ... I will go to the buffalo chip . get my two step on ... drive you drunk ass home later ... for the first time , we see she laugh . macy alright . to the chip . they drive North , in search of a moment 's escape . ext . BUFFALO chip SALOON -- night . behind the saloon be a small arena , a corral to it 's right . in the corral , a half dozen bull . in the arena -- a young cowboy on a bull , hang on for dear life . country music blare through speaker from the beer garden just beyond ... about twenty people sit on bleacher watch the bull rider , macy and Reggie among they , drink beer from giant cup . reggie that fool 's crazy . 66 . macy this guy be pro , this be where they practice . reggie this what you do ? come here trolling for redneck ... macy laugh . Reggie take in the crowd -- lot of young blonde girl in hat and jeans two size too small . reggie ( cont 'd ) peckerwood get some fine - ass woman though . macy Bet I start see you here weekly . the next bull erupt from the chute , send a cowboy ass over elbow ... reggie I will say this ... this folk get it figure . Music 's all ..( he stamp he foot and clap ) bout life just ... beat they , but still happy . can not take that away from they . macy let 's go inside . I wanna dance . reggie lit 's git in thar a ' boot scoot . CUT to : int . BUFFALO chip -- dance floor -- night . macy and Reggie have infiltrate a line dance . Reggie 's interpretation be mockery , but he gun be visible , so no one 's say shit ... macy laugh , spin . do not know how to line dance ... feel good to move anyway . she sway , click she heel , and act like a woman , for just a moment ... 67 . int . BUFFALO chip -- bar -- later . macy and Reggie sit at a long table , many beer in . they be easy together ... would be easy to make a mistake tonight and fuck up a great partnership , but they have walk this line many time before . reggie I think some of this girl 's be get drunk enough to forget they be racist . macy oh for God 's sake , a Black man be president . racism be dead , and even if it be not when he pop Bin ladin he win over the hold out . a blonde thing be smile at he . reggie yeah , baby . Reggie notice a handsome cowboy . tall , broad shoulder ... reggie ( cont 'd ) I know he . macy who ? reggie he 's Phoenix PD . macy ( spot he ) really ... invite he over . reggie hey ! ted ! Ted turn to the sound . seem surprised to see Reggie . walk over . he carry what look like a gym bag . reggie ( cont 'd ) what do you get there man ? ted I ride tonight . reggie a bull ? no shit ? 68 . ted yeah . be you watch ? reggie for a minute , how would you do ? ted toss right out of the chute . ( see macy ) hi. she smile a bit . shy even ... reggie sit down , man . ted let I grab you guy some beer , what be that ? reggie anything , man . he walk off . macy married ? reggie all yours . in my basketball league . macy good guy ? reggie he 's great . sergeant in vice . divorce , couple kid I think ... macy watch he as he order . the girl beside he , much young and pretty , be chat he ... he 's chat back . she retreat into she shell , feel foolish for think it would be that easy to meet someone ... she cloud . Reggie notice . reggie ( cont 'd ) I 'ma cock block that little blonde for you ... gonna be a sacrifice ... macy yeah ... thanks . Reggie walk up to Ted and the girl , charm he way between and gab they both . we see macy , let herself be hopeful ... 69 . int . BUFFALO chip -- later . Reggie , the blonde , Ted , and macy all sit together . Ted sit beside macy -- the battle line be draw for the night -- she be he . he be show they the cinch that go around the bull 's belly . ted you wrap this around and then - ( he grab macy 's arm ) I will demonstrate . he wrap the nylon belt around she hand once , twice , three time ... reggie I know where this be go -- macy do not discourage he . know how long it 's be since someone tie I up ? Ted and macy share a charge look . she smile . ted do not give I any idea . macy I be try very hard to give you idea . the tension of it , the flirt of it , she look ten year young ... alive . they hold each other 's eye , almost like a dare ... he 's captivate by she . ted ( softly ) I want to take you outside . there it be ... macy surrender with a smile ... macy okay . they stand like school kid . ted scuse we . we be just gonna ... reggie mmhmm . macy take a look around back . 70 . reggie yeah . ted watch my bag . we watch they walk off through the club . ext . BUFFALO chip SALOON -- night . we be look at the sheet metal outer wall of the saloon . macy 's head come hard into frame , Ted 's right after . they devour each other . she tear at the snap of he shirt , run she hand along he chest , grab a handful of chest hair and pull . he tear frantically at she pants . get they unbuttone and slip he hand inside . her head fly back in ecstacy . macy what be I -- uhh. with one hand she attack he belt and pull at the zipper of he jeans . she reach into he jeans . his turn to moan ... int . BUFFALO chip -- cont . Reggie have the cinch and be toy with the blonde girl . reggie see you can also ... let I show you ... she laugh at he attempt to do the wrap Ted do . reggie ( cont 'd ) fuck it . ( he pull out he handcuffs ) we will just use this . she lose herself in laughter . girl okay ... ( she motion to Ted 's bag ) anything else fun in there ? reggie let 's see ... show she Ted 's hand cuff . girl do you two plan this ?? 71 . he laugh , then spot something else . at the bottom of the bag , he see it -- a computer print out of a photo from the Wells fargo security camera ... a photo of macy . everything about Reggie change . reggie get a cell phone ? girl yeah ... what ? reggie call 911 . right fuck now , call 911 . put he badge on the table . reggie ( cont 'd ) tell they I say so . read they the badge number . and Reggie be go . the girl start dial . ext . BUFFALO chip -- cont . macy back be against the sheet metal , Ted press against she . bare leg wrap around he . he thrust deep inside she . it be rapid , almost angry . she need this . release be come , she moan freely now , she 's so close -- we see something move toward they in a blur . Reggie 's fist slam the side of Ted 's face . it knock he out of frame , expose macy completely naked below the waist , leg spread wide against the wall . she panic , reach down to pull up she pants and fall over as Reggie jump on Ted , beat he senseless . reggie ( cont 'd ) mother fucker !!! mother fuuuccckkkerrrr !!! Ted be helpless , curl into a fetal position , face break and bleed . macy what be you do ??? 72 . siren can be hear . Reggie have Ted cuffed now and be frisk he . knife in he boot . pistol in the other boot . reggie he be send here . there 's surveillance photo of you in he bag !!! he work for the fuck cartel . she lean against the wall , still flushed and breathe heavy , so close to orgasm , now the farthest thing from it . ted Reggie ... pull up my pants for I ? reggie fuck you . ted you get it wrong ... nothing be gonna happen ... be not ... do not even know she -- Reggie kick he quiet . macy start to do something she have not do in a decade . she 's fight it , but sex bring so much emotion with it . and now -- no release . try though she may , she start to cry . Reggie go to she and hug she as cave creek police vehicle pull into the parking lot , siren blaze . CUT to : ext . BUFFALO chip -- night . everyone be here now . FBI . all of they . Ted be load into a car . macy rest against a squad car , smoking a cigarette , too exhaust to care that she look like she just get fuck outside a bar . director jenning walk up , lean against the car beside she . jenning see what I mean ? they try to react and make mistake ... you want a little -- macy no . 73. jenning then keep shaking the tree . let 's see what else fall . jenning stand . jenning ( cont 'd ) find that photo and luring he out . that be smart . his know smile say : we little secret . she nod in appreciation . macy thank you , Dave . jenning thank you . unlike most of the perp we see , Phoenix PD officer face thirty year in prison have plenty to lose . we will know whatever he know very soon . jenning walk off . macy pull a long drag from the cigarette . she look at it , and must accept the fact that she be once again a smoker ... Reggie walk up to she . he hand she a new pack . they look at each other . try not to , but can not help it . they laugh ... but when macy 's laughter risk turn to tear , she stop . reggie think all you white girl shave . she start laugh again . macy you save my life . reggie Nah . think he be mean to scare you , or test you , maybe ... macy be they follow we ? reggie do not know . they be gonna take you vehicle , look for a transmitter . which would mean there 's someone in we house involved too . ( more ) 74 . reggie ( cont 'd ) maybe someone tail we from the bank ... I do not know . the not know scare she . macy thank you . I mean it . he accept it with a nod . macy ( cont 'd ) where be he now ? reggie backseat of you car . with we shadow . take that in . macy I hope they kill he . reggie you do not mean that . macy ... no . they lean against the car in silence . int . macy vehicle -- cont . Ted sit in the backseat , face destroy . the reality of he situation now fully in front of he . Matt sit in the front seat , alejandro beside he . ted okay . okay . okay ... matt you say that Ted . ted look ... i. i. I be ask what she case involved - as quick as a cat , alejandro stab he thumb into Ted 's eye . Ted pitch forward . matt the beauty of you be so beat to shit ... no one 's gonna notice a couple more scratch ... this be a new game , Ted . ( more ) 75 . matt ( cont 'd ) I be the guy who will decide if you daughter get Federal protection or whether we post you ex wife 's address on the internet . I decide whether you go to prison at a work camp in Missouri or a kill house like corcoran . this be where you negotiate how to survive ... ted I be in really fuck deep here . alejandro how many officer do they have on the force ? ted I do not know ... how do I guarantee my family 's safe ? alejandro you want the truth ? ted please . alejandro give the name , give the house , phone number ... give I all of you . we watch from a distance as Matt and alejandro listen . Matt stand and wave over the director and other agent . they lean over and listen to Ted spilling . Ted be then remove and march toward another vehicle . alejandro and Matt walk toward macy . matt good job . she laugh at the conviction this lie be give by everyone . macy I love how we be all go to pretend I plan this . matt you write it that way in the report . ( look at Reggie ) yes ? reggie well ... she find the picture and lead he outside . 76 . matt Real quick think , kate . macy yeah ... so , can I go home tonight or ... matt sure ... this be good news . they be go to call manuel back . soon. macy whoopee . then we can call the mexican police to go arrest they employer . why do I think that will not happen ? matt ( Matt really like this girl ) gotta have a little faith . Matt walk off . reggie you can come stay with I . macy I will be fine ... they have you picture too , you know . reggie yeah . think cross my mind . phil wave Reggie over . macy be alone . she look leave , and alejandro be beside she . macy ( dry ) I understand now , okay ? they be everywhere and I will never know who to trust , as evidence by I fuck my hit man behind a bar . alejandro he be not a assassin . he be just suppose to be you friend and hopefully find out who be show you how to hurt they . they be look for we , not you . macy that do not scare you ? 77 . alejandro I have be do this for a long time . he look out over the cactus . alejandro ( cont 'd ) in Mexico , police do not investigate crime for the government . attorney do . that 's what I do . I be very close to arrest someone who ... someone I should not have try to arrest . his mind wander back . he remember ... alejandro ( cont 'd ) the brilliance of what they do when they mutilate a body be make people think -- oh , that person must have do something to receive such a death . they must have be involved . he look at she . alejandro ( cont 'd ) they must have deserve it ... and for the family ... it soil every memory you have of that person . they make it impossible to imagine the face you love without see the initial carve into she forehead . imagine she body without see she chest with -- remember she before ... he draw in a deep breath . swallow the emotion . alejandro ( cont 'd ) her breast be cut off ... remember you child without ... he look off . can not even say it ... wo not say it . alejandro ( cont 'd ) they kill the body , the memory , everything . she shiver as she digest he word . alejandro look up to the star . Studies they . 78 . alejandro ( cont 'd ) you remind I of my wife . I find it very difficult to look at you . he step away . alejandro ( cont 'd ) get some rest tonight . tomorrow they will call manuel back , and we will cut a leg from they . he walk back toward Matt , leave macy stare out across the desert . CUT to : int . silvio' house -- bedroom -- day . silvio sleep . a shadow cross he face . he open a eye . eliseo stand there hold coffee and a plate of egg and tortilla . silvio juevo ? eliseo Si papa . silvio con jalapeno ? eliseo si. silvio sit up . take the coffee , drink . no booze in it . thinks about send it back , but the look on eliseo 's face make he reconsider . he will get drunk soon enough . he take the plate and feed . eliseo sit on the bed . eliseo ( cont 'd ) trabajando hoy ? silvio en la noche . eliseo quere jugar baseball ? en el parque ? the man chew . thinks . exaggerate he expression . 79 . silvio hmmmm ... baseball . the boy laugh . eliseo baseball !!! si. silvio okay . the boy shoot off like a rocket . silvio laugh . as he eat , we see the AK 47 by the bed . a bag of coke and a thousand or so dollar on the night stand . CUT to : ext . best western -- scottsdale -- day . macy and Reggie pull in and park next to five US government suburban . they get out and walk past they . they get to the room and knock . int . best western suite -- cont . Matt let they in . he wear desert camo fatigue , as do most of the people in the room . there be computer link to monitor . one display footage of manuel diaz house and office . another be footage of the desert . but that footage be moving . matt we may have the tunnel , right here . we look at the footage . cactus and desert grass in the foreground . in the background , a ravine . matt ( cont 'd ) we will know soon enough . ext . desert -- continuous . we look at cactus and brush along a ridge . slowly , caterpillar slow , the brush begin move . we can just make out a enormous telephoto lens wrap in camouflage tape . int . best western suite -- cont . Matt point to cooler fill with gatorade and Red bull . 80 . matt ( cont 'd ) tasty beverage ? this guy ... macy what 's the plan ? matt ( easy smile ) go hunt . there be a dod agent wear headphone and sit in front of what look like a sound board link to a computer . from the other room , delta and one of he team member walk through . move toward the topo map on the wall . delta alright . listen up . we be wait for visual confirmation to move , so let 's clarify the op . we will drive to this location . proceed on foot to this ridge . he move to a diagram of a tunnel . delta ( cont 'd ) this diagram be base on other tunnel that have be mapped . this be not accurate , it be for reference only . we expect a small exit corridor on we side of the border . they mark the international border in the tunnel with red paint so border patrol do not pursue past that point . once on the mexican side , there will be a small staging area , then another shaft will lead to the main warehouse and the road that return to Mexico . once we clear the mule , we do not expect more than a dozen bandit . delta look at Matt . delta ( cont 'd ) wanna discuss roe ? matt we will save that for later . delta this be a in and out . we be clear and place a agent . ( more ) 81 . delta ( cont 'd ) once we have clear the tunnel and drop the agent , dea will take over the scene . alright ? a operator watch a monitor speak . operator this look like confirmation . we look at the monitor and see a large amount of brush , and behind it , a old wreck car entangle in it . delta that look like it . okay , let 's gear up . get a good drive ahead of we . they begin break down gear , pull map from the wall . Matt turn to a agent . matt first thing , get that surveillance van operational . operator I need to fit you guy with a locator . matt do it . the agent take off . macy and Reggie 's head be spin . reggie that guy be special ops . ( to Matt ) be we go on this ? Matt turn to they . matt you be not really dress for it . reggie well , you do not fuck tell we . matt you go cry to daddy yesterday . we do not want daddy to know everything . loose lip sink ship , have not you learn that yet ? do not worry , we get extra -- 82. macy we have tac gear in we car . alejandro step into the room . dress in head to toe black . face paint as well . macy ( cont 'd ) Jesus . she notice alejandro 's gear . ear piece . silenced hk Mark 23 , tactical vest . night vision goggle . no one else be dress like he . the operator strap what look to be a wrist watch on alejandro 's arm . reggie what the fuck be he dress for ? matt relax . you guy will hang back when we get there , k? reggie then why be we go ? macy because CIA can not operate within US border without a domestic agency attach . right ? at last . she get it . he smile . matt hey . all the drug we find , you guy get to confiscate . gonna be a big day . he walk off . macy that 's why we be here . that 's the only reason . Reggie shake he head . reggie great . he walk out . ext . arizona desert -- highway 86 -- day . five suburban and a large cargo van drive down the desolate highway as the sun begin to set . 83. int . silvio' house -- nogales , mexico -- day . silvio sit in he little courtyard , watch the chicken . he toss a handful of feed and they scamper after it . he drink a beer . Three empty beside he . he look at he watch . it 's time . he get up . ext . stash house -- nogales -- day . Three state Police vehicle . one be load full of brick of marijuana . silvio stand beside the car , smoking . int . US government suburban -- day . Matt sit in the front seat . a Delta operator drive . macy , Reggie , alejandro and three Delta operator sit in the back . Matt be on he cell . matt what . what . what 's he say ? voice um. hold on ... they call he back . he 's on the road now . matt where . voice turn leave on Scottsdale . you get about three hour and he will be across . Matt turn back to the Delta operator . matt we be gonna have to hit the tunnel the minute we get on the ground . Matt look at macy and Reggie . matt ( cont 'd ) pretty exciting , huh ? they do not share he enthusiasm . they just want this to be over . int . range rover -- day . manuel be sweat , even though the ac blast in he face . on the seat beside he be a overnight bag . ext . interstate 10 -- phoenix -- day . 84 . we watch manuel 's Range Rover get on the interstate . voice he 's on I 10 , travel southeast ... ext . mexican road -- late afternoon . a mexican state police vehicle amble S down the road , head toward the tunnel ... int . police vehicle -- mexican road -- continuous . silvio drive , marijuana bundle fill the backseat . he smoke a cigarette , he slow down , pull off the pavement . ext . mexican road -- continuous . we watch from a distance as silvio 's vehicle bounce down a dirt road , disappear into the desert as the sun hide behind the horizon . int . US government suburban -- night . we pull off the highway and stop . a man in a ghillie suit stand up , walk toward they carry a camera with a 800 mm lens . Matt turn toward we . matt on foot from here . ext . transport vehicle -- cont . macy step out and see another vehicle park . another half dozen man in full camo . from the back of the suburban , six duffel bag be open . Operators reach in and grab weapon , magazine , grenade . generation 4 night vision goggle be pass to everyone . delta walk up to Reggie and macy . delta keep you fuck safeties on and the barrel point down . stay in the back and do not shoot anyone on my fuck team , get it ? do not wait for a reply . reggie we have do this before . 85 . macy I do not think we have do this . they move out . we watch the world through night vision goggle . we run a bit then kneel down . we be flagge forward . kneel down . we leap frog this way forever . macy look out over the desert . two coyote ( the animal ) , be stop , stare right at we . macy make eye contact . they begin trot off , never break eye contact with macy , as though they be begging she to follow . while she still can ... we come to a rise . everyone lay down . delta whisper to alejandro . delta rule of engagement on this deal ? alejandro I do not use that . ask Matt . delta turn the other way . delta rule of engagement ? matt weapon free , my friend . he whisper it down the line . Reggie 's eye scream `what the fuck ' . we drop into a ravine and follow it . up ahead we see the brush and the old car that be hood first in the ground , like it be drop from the sky . the team line up across from it . matt ( cont 'd ) ( into mouthpiece ) where be the target ? voice Bout twenty minute to the border . matt ( to Delta ) we need to boogie . and we need to do it quiet till we find the center . Delta pull he knife . alejandro come up to the front . 86 . matt ( cont 'd ) good luck . alejandro nod . he and the Delta operator move ahead , silently . disappear behind the old car . after a moment we follow . we enter the tunnel . move fast . int . tunnel -- cont . we pass the body of a smuggler , throat slit . we continue . a shaft bank leave , we follow ... another body lie on the ground , throat slit , though eye wide open , bleed out and stare up at we as we pass . we see the operator ahead . delta backtrack to Matt . delta ( whisper ) so we be clear , I do not need to announce . weapon free . matt they do not get freer buddy . the operator move forward , whisper to he group . they all pull out they 1911 pistol and attach silencer . alejandro take the leave shaft ... make noise . delta return he pistol to it 's holster , raise he rifle . his man follow suit . delta do not want we with you ? alejandro no. draw they to you . the one I be look for will try and run . the operator move into the leave chamber , alejandro move off to the right . Matt hold macy and Reggie up . point to the ceiling : red paint all the way around . matt Cross this and it 's new rule . she take the dare . macy Fair enough . 87 . Matt move down the leave shaft . reggie fuck be we do in here ? let 's go back . Machine gun fire erupt . the fight have begin . reggie ( cont 'd ) we be in fuck Mexico !! macy then go back . he will never leave she . as he move up the tunnel , macy look right , toward the shaft alejandro take . can not resist . macy ( cont 'd ) reggie ! he 's too far ahead to hear . she head down alejandro 's path anyway . gunfire echoes from everywhere . int . tunnel warehouse -- cont . we find silvio , and he be panic , throw the marijuana from he car to the ground . another man run up and help . silvio rapido rapido !!! they hear more gunfire . screw it . silvio 's not wait around any longer . he get in the driver 's seat . bandit traiga I contigo !!! silvio no cabron ! the man open the passenger door as silvio start the squad car . a bullet penetrate the bandit 's face , just under the eye . he drop as if he 's be unplugge . silvio duck down , throw the car in reverse , but a hand reach in the window , and turn the car off . silvio look up and see -- alejandro . he pull silvio from the car . spin he around . pull the pistol from silvio 's belt . toss it on the ground . 88. silvio stare at alejandro in absolute terror . silvio ( cont 'd ) El medellin . alejandro place he pistol to silvio 's face . silvio ( cont 'd ) no I mata !! alejandro jam he thumb in silvio 's larynx . silvio gasp for air . alejandro grab he hair , pistol to he head . alejandro ( subtitle ) what you do now be for you family . whether they see tomorrow rest with you . tear roll down silvio 's cheek . alejandro ( cont 'd ) you will drive I . macy ( o.s. ) what be you do ?? alejandro turn and see macy , she rifle train on he . alejandro put that down . macy step away . I mean it . move away from he . he look at she . the automatic fire from different tunnel shaft rush in and out like blast of hot air . alejandro we be in Mexico now . you have no jurisdiction . macy we can not be here -- alejandro raise he pistol and fire six round into macy 's chest . she collapse to the ground , suck for air . alejandro walk over and grab she rifle . toss it in the back of the Police car . 89 . alejandro do not ever point a weapon at I again . get you breath and go back to the surface . she gasp , clasp at the kevlar vest that save she life . she roll onto she stomach and struggle to stand . reaches for she pistol . alejandro slam she face into he knee . toss she pistol across the room . alejandro ( cont 'd ) stop it kate . just stop . this be what we be send here to do . he pull she to she foot . point he pistol at she . alejandro ( cont 'd ) I do not have time . go to the surface . now . blood pour from she shattered nose . she have lose and she know it . macy you lure manuel to Mexico so you could kill he . this be you cab driver . alejandro I be here to kill the man with the power to summon manuel diaz . I be here for fausto . but I will kill manuel too . it 's what I do , kate . go . or I will do it to you . she stumble back , turn around and run . alejandro ( cont 'd ) ( turn the gun on sylvio ) get in . alejandro get in the back seat of the police car . alejandro ( cont 'd ) drive back to Mexico . the car back up , spin and drive the tunnel road until we be : ext . mexican road -- night . we be in the backseat , look through the windshield . 90 . alejandro ( cont 'd ) ( into mouthpiece ) I be through , do you have my location ? voice copy . we have you . target be east and north of you . look like highway 56 to 17 will intercept he if he stay on 17 . will advise . go east on 56 off highway 2 . alejandro ( to silvio ) este a calle cinquinta y seis . sylvio I have a son ... I ... have a son . alejandro have family ... do that save the life of the man you be hire to kill ? hmm ? sylvio stare in the rearview mirror at the phantom duck low behind he . ext . tunnel entrance -- night . Reggie look around , do not see macy anywhere . spot Matt among the Delta team . matt ( into mouthpiece ) be he through ? voice copy . gps be transmit . audio be transmit . should intercept in 20 . Matt pat delta on the back . matt this be a clean , clean fuck op my friend . Delta point back toward the approach Reggie . delta except for this asshole . like it better overseas where we do not have baby sitter . Reggie reach they . 91 . reggie you see kate ? matt she 's not with you ? beat . reggie we gotta go back . Matt sigh . matt okay , let 's go . ( yell to the team ) we be miss one . Delta roll he eye . they approach the tunnel entrance when macy walk out . she spot Matt and punch he for all she 's worth . he deflect it , sweep she leg and she hit the ground . hard . Reggie rush he . reggie hey man , what the -- he be grab and flung to the ground by delta . he hold Reggie 's face to the ground with he boot . rifle point at he . delta just lay back , baby . let it happen . Reggie struggle for even a breath much less a response . Matt grab macy and pull she back into the tunnel . macy he 's a assassin . a government assassin -- matt we government do not have assassin . we farm that out . macy who be medellin ?? what be that ? matt refer to a time when one group control every aspect of the drug trade . provide a measure of order . that we can control . ( more ) 92 . matt ( cont 'd ) and until someone figure out how to convince 20 percent of the US population to stop smoking and snort this shit , order be the best we can hope for ... alejandro be work to return that order . macy he work for the cartel in colombia ... he work for the fuck competition . matt he work for whoever point he toward the people that make he , kate . we , they , anyone that will turn he loose . he stand close to she . macy get away from I . matt take a breath and -- she push he hard . macy Fucking kill I or get out of my way . he look at she . take a step back . matt Long walk back to Phoenix . macy I will manage . she walk out of the tunnel toward Reggie . delta remove he boot and walk away . macy ( cont 'd ) let 's go . helicopter can be hear . in the distance , siren be approach . macy and Reggie walk away from the scene . reggie what just happen ? 93. macy they wake I up . show I the whole thing . reggie and ? macy and I quit . they continue to walk , siren racing toward they . CUT to : int . silvio' squad car night Far ahead , we see tail light . silvio 's labor breathe give rhythm to the racing vehicle . alejandro stay low in the back seat . alejandro ( into mouthpiece ) this be the target ahead ? confirm . voice copy . Black Range Rover , 60 meter ahead . alejandro put on you light . pull the car over . he flip on he siren . int . manuel be range rover -- cont . he see the siren . manuel what the fuck . want to bribe I , eh. he reach for he pistol , put it in he lap . int . silvio' squad car -- cont . the range Rover pull over . we right behind it . silvio be breathe even heavier , if that 's possible . so many way this can go wrong ... alejandro use the speaker . tell he to get out of the car . 94 . silvio grab the radio handset , flip the switch , and he voice come through the speaker on the roof of the car . silvio afuera del carro !! int . range rover -- cont . manuel this mother fucker ... he stick the pistol in he waistband . open the car door . step out . int . silvio' squad car -- cont . we watch manuel through the windshield . he be stand in the road . alejandro tell he to raise he shirt and turn around . silvio levanta su camisa . manuel you know who I be ? huh ?? alejandro tell he to do it or you will shoot he where he stand . silvio voy a matarse cabron . levanta tu camisa . manuel do it . we see the pistol . silvio ( cont 'd ) tira la pistola en la tierra . manuel throw he pistol in the dirt . alejandro look how good you be at pretend to be a police officer . out of the car . now . ext . mexican road -- cont . headlights blind manuel , but he can see the car door have open , and a image be move toward he . he wait , for the fool who be robbing the wrong mother fucker . 95 . as the image reach manuel , something move from behind it . fast . a arm reach around manuel and two shot be fire from a silence pistol . now the pistol be hold to the back of manuel 's head . alejandro ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) walk back to you car . manuel who be he ? alejandro a mule . like you . alejandro fire a round into manuel 's calf . he wail in pain . he fire another round into he right hand as it hit the asphalt . he scream louder . alejandro ( cont 'd ) in the leg so you do not run . in the hand so you do not try to fight and make I have to kill you yet . manuel you know ... who .. the .. I am a jefe !!! alejandro I know who you be , manuel . you be no jefe , but you will drive I to one ... alejandro kneel down , and for the first time , manuel can see he face . alejandro ( cont 'd ) if you try anything , if you betray I , you daughter will burp the semen of twenty man with they last breath . do you understand I ? manuel 's eye go wide . he nod . alejandro ( cont 'd ) get in . alejandro open the back door before let manuel get in the front . in a instant , manuel be in the driver 's seat and alejandro seat behind . the door be close and the Range Rover disappear down the road . we be leave with silvio , gasp , struggle , like a fish toss thoughtlessly on the beach , as he flop helplessly on the empty road . CUT to : 96 . ext . fausto alarcon estate -- night . we near a isolate estate . we turn off the main road to a private road that lead a mile or so onto fausto 's hacienda . as the large house come into view . vehicle can be see park in front . we approach a car along the road , a man sit on the hood . manuel roll he window down . manuel soy manuel diaz . guard Si , the conosco . El jefe esta esperando . the rear window roll down . a pistol come out . a silence round be fire into the face of the man . he fall back on the hood . alejandro drive . manuel what happen when we get to the house ? alejandro you get out and walk toward they . manuel what will happen to I ? alejandro what you do now be for you family . there be no you . manuel you think you be so different ? alejandro no . not anymore . now I be the same . turn the car a bit more to the leave . the car stop . three men stand in the driveway with automatic rifle . the Range Rover be park so the right headlight be point directly toward they . manuel open the door and we be -- ext . fuasto estate -- cont . 97 . manuel walk toward the man -- look for a way out of this . guard 2 senor , bueno noches . manuel cuidado hombres -- alejandro take he pistol and press the silence barrel to the top of manuel 's head , pull the trigger and drive manuel into the ground like a nail . as manuel 's body drop , alejandro fire on all three man -- hit they all in the head , kill they instantly . he walk to the front door , open it ... int . fausto estate -- cont . a man round the corner into the main foyer and without slow down , alejandro touch the barrel to he forehead and fire . we can hear the sound of talk in another room . alejandro move to it . int fausto' kitchen / dine room fausto , 50' , gray hair . Big belly . sit at the head of the table . jacinta , 30 's trophy wife , sit beside he gulp wine . they have three child , two girl and a boy . a woman in she 60' cook in the kitchen . jacinta rapido , mama ! , tengo hambre ! alejandro walk into the room , press he foot against jacinta 's side , and launch she out of frame , then sit next to fausto , press the gun to he shoulder and fire . the child scream . mama turn , alejandro point the gun at she . alejandro sientate ! aqui !! she come around and sit as order . jacinta stand up . fausto ( subtitle ) he will kill you . stay still . alejandro ( subtitle ) you child speak English ? 98 . fausto no . alejandro then we will spare they . I interrupt dinner . please ... continue . fausto stare at he . alejandro ( cont 'd ) every night , you have family kill , and yet you dine . tonight should be no different . point the pistol at he . alejandro ( cont 'd ) eat . he slowly fill a fork , put it in he mouth . tell he child to do the same . they chew they meal and cry . alejandro turn to the old woman . alejandro ( cont 'd ) take the child away from here . she rise and hurry the child out of the dining area . alejandro ( cont 'd ) ( point the gun at jacinta ) you . Whore . sit over there . she sit . alejandro turn to fausto , notice he have stop eat . pick up a fork and stab it into fausto 's hand . fausto scream . alejandro ( cont 'd ) you be not finish . eat ... fausto force down another bite , rest he tremble hand on the table . alejandro ( cont 'd ) I will give you a choice , fausto , one I be not give ... you may choose to die tonight or live with the shame of have the mother of you child take you place ... he look at fausto . fausto stop chew . process what be just say . 99 . alejandro ( cont 'd ) yes ... choose . fausto look at jacinta . her eye say , " Goodbye my brave love " ... never dawns on she what he 's think . fausto I take shame . she 's stunne . tear run she heavy make up . she look to alejandro . no mercy there . back to she husband . fausto ( cont 'd ) I love I more . I be sorry . he be not . it be not a hard decision . she turn to alejandro . hold she chin high in defiance . jacinta do it . you fuck . chinga tu madre punta cabron andale pue !!! alejandro look at fausto . alejandro see why you marry she . spunk . alejandro look into fausto 's uncare eye . alejandro fire into fausto 's belly . touches the barrel to he arm , fire again . fausto scream . alejandro press the barrel to fausto 's throat , fire again . fausto fall to the floor , gargle . alejandro ( cont 'd ) watch death come for you . watch . the devil be near , fausto . he be wait for you . fausto 's terrify eye stare back at alejandro as he gasp for air . drown in he own blood . there be no specific moment when death come . he simply fade . alejandro sit back down . alejandro ( cont 'd ) this be what they think of you . you see ? she stare at he , shaking so profusely you might think she be freezing to death . 100 . alejandro ( cont 'd ) maybe you have enough pride that you do not marry another one of this . maybe you take he money and go hide and raise you child far from here . maybe you son grow up to be a doctor . and I do not have to come back and kill he some day . alejandro walk out , leave jacinta shiver alone at the dinner table . CUT to : int . silvio' house -- bedroom -- day . a shadow fall over a empty bed . eliseo stand there ... this have never happen before . he walk down the hall to the kitchen . his mother be in the same place , cooking . but the look in she eye be anger . she know he be dead . and may God damn he for make she be the one to tell they son . he stand there . stare at he mother . eliseo mama ? CUT to : ext . macy apartment -- balcony -- day . dress in jeans and a t-shirt , she sit on the balcony , take a drag of she cigarette . look at it . macy Three day ago I have not have you in ten year ... fucker . she lean back and look out over Phoenix as the sun set . she exhales ... look at the cigarette . macy ( cont 'd ) ( half joke ) you be the only one who understand I . alejandro ( o.s. ) I think maybe , it will be the thing that kill we all ... as a people , you know ? macy leap up as if she 's on fire , fall over she chair , come up with she pistol . he move so fast there be no time to react . 101 . in a instant , he have the gun and remove the magazine , disassemble the slide , and toss the piece on the table . she scream and rush he . he spin she and push she back . alejandro ( cont 'd ) stop it . he move to she and gently touch she face , look at the gash on she nose . she be freeze in fear . alejandro ( cont 'd ) that will scar . I be sorry . she breathes heavy , try to remain calm . he begin lift she shirt . she struggle and he grab she throat . she look into he eye and it be a killer look back . macy please . alejandro let I look ... move you hand . she surrender , turn she head to the side . he lift she shirt above she bare breast . six large , red welt ... alejandro ( cont 'd ) this rib be bruise , but not break , yes ? she nod as she lip quiver . cling desperately to she dignity . she have never feel so powerless , and that be he point . he drop she shirt and step back . she cross she arm , feel very weak . alejandro sit across from she . alejandro ( cont 'd ) I would recommend not stand on balcony for a little while . she do not move . macy you be a assassin . beat . 102 . alejandro in Mexico , the killer be call sicarios ... the word come from the zealot of Jerusalem . killer who hunt the Roman that invade they homeland ... they do not deserve the term . macy you be a sicario . alejandro Police they do nothing . they must be kill . wherever they be find . they will make every place they touch juarez . now ... now you understand how far we have fall . he study she -- arm cross , leg close together . alejandro ( cont 'd ) you look like a girl when you be scared . such beauty in you when you let yourself be frail . like the daughter they take from I ... this be not the work for you . look at yourself , kate . what it have do to you in just three day ... find a little town far from the border . a place where the rule of law still exist . you will spot predator there very easy now ... make a difference you can see everyday . because you will not survive here . you be not a wolf . this be the land of wolf now . he look at she . smile sadly and leave . she wait . start to cry , fight it back . begins frantically reassembling the pistol . Rams the magazine in and rack a round . come around the corner . enter the house . look around . check every room , panting , shaking . he be go . she stand there and sob ... CUT to : ext . nogales STREET -- day . the mother walk with eliseo , dress for soccer . down the empty street . siren in the distance . 103 . alejandro ( v.o. ) we like to think if we cut the head from the snake , the serpent will die ... they round the corner . we follow they to a park . weed cut short to look like grass . Little boy dress in uniform , parent sit in lawn chair . a referee . just people , desperately try to enjoy the life they have be give . alejandro ( v.o. ) but there be no snake . they be worm . when you cut the head , a new one grow . from both segment ... we can not question if the end justify the mean because there be no end to consider ... eliseo run to join he team . whatever he mother tell he , it be not the truth . alejandro ( v.o. ) this be the price of we self indulgence . we weakness ... we appetite . they be we demon , we creation . the mother sit on the ground , watch the boy . running . play . be child . the referee blow a whistle . the boy assume they position on the field . the forward line up , face each other . eliseo be dead center , the team 's star . the referee set the ball in place ... -- gunfire rip through the morning . everyone stop and stare in the direction of the gunfire . it be very still . people freeze like deer in a field -- weigh the risk . no more shoot . the morning be quiet again . alejandro there be a moment in each person 's life . a choice . do what feel good ... do what be good . make the wrong choice enough , and it be not present again ... then all choice be bad . and the consequence worse . there be no war on drug . only war . the enemy we fight ? ourselves ... the referee blow the whistle and set the ball down . the game begin . 104 . eliseo swipe it and kick it out of frame , the other boy chase he ... the end .