the sidewalks of New York ( 1923 ) Art title -- I New York , the giant of the universe bagdad-on- the -subway ... Stone and steel and silk ... diamond against black velvet ... Seven million heart throbbing to the crash of a discordant but mighty symphony ! scene 1 - - exterior . Iris in on typical East side street , the sidewalk black with denizen of the section and the curb line with peddler 's cart . blend to scene 2 - - exterior . a italian organ - grinder play , while a number of ragamuffin of the neighborhood dance . scene 3 - - exterior . a close - up of a pair of rag little girl give they version of the latest thing see in the uptown cabaret . they be quite brazen about it . scene 4 - - exterior . Close - up of organ , its blackness fill the screen . to the leave the italian 's hand be see . superimpose on organ in white the word : '' East side , West side , all around the town , the tot sing ring - a-rosie , London Bridge be fall down ; boy and girl together , I and mamie rorke , tripped the light fantastic on the sidewalks of New York . " scene 5 - - exterior . a flash of dance ragamuffin , show organ-grinder , as in scene 2 . Art title --2 Little Mary Reagan , a rise among weed , whose only pleasure be obtain by watch other child at play . scene 6 -- Interior . the Reagan live - room . Long shot . Little Mary be discover , back to camera , look down into street through open window . on ledge be a sickly geranium in a clay pot . scene 7 - - Interior . a close - up of Mary watch dance ragamuffin in street below , a wistful little expression on she face . scene 8-- a long shot from above , show organ - grinder and ragamuffin , etc. , as Mary see they . scene 9 - - back to 7 . Mary , as before . Art title --3 Pat Reagan , a former pugilist who conduct a gymnasium as a blind to he real " profession . " scene 10 -- Interior . Reagan 's gymnasium . a close - up of Reagan , a expression of disgust on he face , as he watch scene 11 --a close - up of two fifth -rater in ring tog have a " work -out . " they be type , cauliflower ear , etc . scene 12 --interior . Long shot , show entire gymnasium . Reagan , as before . as the battler fall into a awkward clinch , he say : speak title --1 " you two pork - and - beaner be all wet . I be gonna introduce ya to a good scrapper ! " scene 13 -- the battler break and glare at Reagan . one of they , a freckle specimen with dangerous eye , ask : speak title --2 '' what 's he trade - mark ? " scene 14 -- Long shot , as in scene 12 . Reagan bite a " chew " from a plug of tobacco and then reply : speak title --3 '' Dick hammond . his leave be just plain dynamite , but he right be t.n.t . he 's only a $ 80 a month checker now , but he will soon be pullin ' down 1,000 berry a fight ! " the freckle specimen be incredulous , but he training mate , a break - nose go with a " tin " volunteer : ear , speak title -- 4 '' he 's no set - up , I will tell th' world and yonker . one night in than Garden he hit a guy so hard that rickard swallow a gold tooth ! " as they begin to unlace glove , Reagan leave they . he exit to scene 15 -- Interior . living-room , as in scene 6 . Mary look wistfully down into street , as before . Reagan enter , scowl as he notice she , push she ungently away from window and peer down at scene 16 -- a long shot , as in scene 8 , only instead of the ragamuffin dance we have a exhibition by a typical cake - eater and a finale hopper . scene 17 --a close - up of Reagan , a fiendish light in he eye , scowling at organ - grinder and dancer . scene 18--a close - up of Mary watch Reagan , terror in she eye . scene 19 -- a close - up of cake - eater and finale hopper show the crowd some " shivery " movement . scene 20 -- a close - up of italian organ - grinder 's smile face . scene 21 -- back to 17 . Reagan , he ire mount , look about for something to throw down . see scene 22--a closeup of Mary 's sickly geranium on ledge . scene 23 -- back to 21 . Reagan reach for pot geranium and fling it down ! scene 24 -- Close -up , show pot crash on ground near italian . scene 25 -- exterior . Street . Dancing and music stop . all glare up at Reagan . the finale hopper do more . she tell he what she think of he . scene 26 -- back to 23 . Reagan snarl back speak title --5 " g'wan , ya bandy - legge finale hopper ! " Reagan then slam window shut . scene 27 -- exterior . Street . the finale hopper turn to she cake -eate mate and opine : speak title --6 '' Holy codfish , but be not that bimbo the cat 's nightshirt ! " all laugh . then , as cake - eater and he flashy , bobbe - haire companion resume they '' exhibition , '' the organ start again . scene 28 -- back to 26 . as Reagan hear organ , he snarl , then , seek something on which to vent he wrath , turn to scene 29 --a close - up of Mary cry . scene 30 -- back to 28 . Reagan advance threateningly toward she -- slowly , he face a study of hate . scene 31 --a close - up of Mary and Reagan . Mary register fear as Reagan draw closer . slowly he big hand go forward and grip she shoulder . shake they violently , he demand : speak title --7 " what be you sniveling at ? " scene 32 --a close - up of Mary , as she sob : speak title --8 " my - - my geranium ! " scene 33 -- back to 31 . a look of disgust sweep Reagan 's brutal face . as he fling she from he on to floor , he snarl : speak title --9 " who ever hear of a Reagan foolin ' wit ' flower ? pull yourself together and get than potato on . I be hungry ! " scene 34 --a close - up of Mary on floor , a pathetic little expression on she face . Iris out . Art title --4 Old David schwartz , careless in business but exact in strict adherence to the moral code . scene 35 -- Interior . Old David 's tailor shop . a close - up of Old David , face customer ( not see ) , and hand she a flashy check suit . Art title --5 millie , he daughter who have soften the blow of the loss of he revere wife . scene 36 --a close - up of millie watch she father - - and , incidentally , the customer . she feel that she father be about to be again impose upon . scene 37 -- Interior . Long shot , show Old David , the customer , and millie . the customer , a frail , pale - face woman , take flashy suit from Old David 's hand and say : speak title -- 10 " I husband say he will pay ya soon as he get a job . he 's gonna see the District leader to-night . " millie turn away ; it be just as she expect . Old David smile and say it 's all right . the woman thanks he and go out . hear the door close , millie turn and say : speak title -- 11 " if kind deed be dollar , daddy , you would be rich , but you will have to change you method or there will be another failure on the East side ! " the lovable old man dislike have he generosity disparage and , with some display of feel , he reply : speak title -- 12 " to change my method I would have to change yet my disposition . if a cold heart win success , I be proud to be a failure ! " scene 38 -- Close - up of millie and Old David . she come over to he and , put she arm around he , kiss he . melting , he smile and take she into he arm . Iris out . Art title --6 the limit of little Mary 's freedom - - a occasional visit to the gymnasium . scene 39 -- Interior . gymnasium . Long shot . Reagan be in the rear attach a new punch bag to holder . the freckle specimen be seat in the row - machine strenuously work at the oar , and the break - nose go with the tin ear be skip the rope . the door lead to the Reagan live - room open slowly and Mary timorously appear . scene 40 -- Close - up of Mary , a frighten expression on she face . scene 41 -- Close - up of Reagan , who , see Mary , scowl at she . scene 42 -- back to Mary . a pathetic question in she eye ask " May I come in please ? " scene 43 -- back to Reagan . he hesitates a moment , then grudgingly nod , " yes . " scene 44 -- back to 39 . a faint smile of gratitude light Mary 's eye , as she enter . Reagan return to he labor with the bag . Mary go up to the break - nose go . scene 45 -- Close - up of Mary and the break - nose go . he puff furiously as he continue to man the oar . he be a laughable spectacle . feeling she presence , he turn and squint at she . she reward he with a captivate smile which he return . then she ask : speak title -- 13 " what be you do , Mr. hogan ? " there be a twinkle in he eye as he answer : speak title -- 14 " crossin ' th' delaware . " he continue on he " journey . " Mary , know something about history , laugh and move on to watch the freckle specimen skip the rope . scene 46 -- Close - up of Mary watch freckle specimen skip the rope . they exchange smile and then Mary say : speak title -- 15 " I can do that ! " he give she the rope and a dare . Mary take both and commence to skip rope . he call attention to she . scene 47 -- Close - up of break - nose go . he stop row and regards she admiringly . scene 48 -- Close up Reagan . he have attach the bag to its holder . he regards Mary disapprovingly . scene 49 -- long shot . door open . Dick hammond enter . Art title --7 Dick hammond , a clean - cut young american of the type that place the star-spangled banner over the rhine . scene 50 -- Close - up of Dick . scene 51 -- back to 49 . Reagan go forward to greet he . they shake hand . Reagan call over break - nose go and the freckle specimen and introduce they . scene 52 --close - up of Mary . she have stop skip the rope and be watch Dick with admire eye . it be plain that he have capture she childish fancy . scene 53 -- back to 51 . Dick see Mary , who make a instant hit with he . he speak to Reagan : speak title -- 16 '' and who 's this little cherub ? " Reagan answer carelessly : speak title -- 17 " my daughter Mary . " Dick pick Mary up in he arm . Reagan scowl , but as Dick turn he force a smile . Iris out . Art title --8 Old David 's great treasure , next to millie , be the violin that hold for he so many sacred memory . scene 54 -- Interior . the schwartz live - room in the rear of the shop . Old David take up batter violin case and fondle it like a cherish baby . he go to chair by open window , where he take the beloved instrument from the case and hold it to he breast as he seem to look back through the mist of the year . scene 55 -- Close - up of Old David and he beloved violin . scene 56 -- Interior . Reagan live - room . Long shot . Reagan stand over Mary , a scowl on he face , as she scrub the floor . scene 57 -- Close - up of Mary register fatigue . scene 58 -- Close - up of Reagan frown . he snarl : speak title - - 18 " come on , kid , snap out of it ! " scene 59 -- back to 56 . with a effort , Mary resume , and Reagan , take key from pocket , unlock door of room at right and enter . a pathetic expression on she face , Mary look after Art title --9 Reagan 's secret room , where he usually remain for hour , much to little Mary 's relief . scene 60 -- Interior . Reagan 's secret room . at first glance it look like a scientific laboratory , but closer inspection reveal it as a small but productive distillery . the shelf be line with pint - size glass flask and in one corner be a little improvise safe . the window shade be draw . the room be illuminate by electricity . Reagan go to door , put he ear to it , then , take key from pocket , lock door . scene 61 -- back to 59 . Mary , as before . suddenly she stop and , put down brush , listen to the music from Old David 's violin . scene 62 -- Close - up of Old David dreamily play violin . scene 63 -- Close - up of Mary listen , enchant with the beautiful melody . scene 64 -- Close - up of Reagan in secret room . as he hear Old David 's melody , he turn with disgust toward the shade window and growl : speak title -- 19 " some damned backyard troubadour ! " scene 65 -- Reagan live - room . Long shot . rising , Mary tiptoe to door at leave , open it and enter room . scene 66 -- Interior . small bedroom . through window , which be close , can be see fire -escape . Mary enter on tiptoe , raise window . Art title -- 10 the angel - kiss note of Old David 's melody beckon to little Mary like fairy finger . scene 67 -- Close - up of Mary climb on to fire -escape . scene 68 -- Close - up of Old David play violin . presently he start , as he see scene 69 -- Close - up of Mary look in at he , she eye fill with wonder and tear . scene 70 -- back to 68 . he laugh lightly and , put down violin , speak gently to she . smiling sweetly at he , she answer . her answer delight he and he laugh . Art title -- 11 the beginning of a beautiful friendship . they be get on famously together when suddenly Mary think of scene 71 --a close - up of Reagan 's face that fill the screen . his mouth be twisted into a sneer and there be a fiendish light in he eye . scene 72 -- back to 70 . a look of terror come into Mary 's eye and smile pathetically she say : speak title -- 20 " I -- I must be go now ! " before Old David can answer she have disappear . he look after she , a world of sweetness and sympathy in he eye . scene 73 -- back to 66 . Mary enter bedroom from fire -escape . the memory of the lovable old man and he kindness bring a little smile to she eye , but the think of Reagan banish it and , she hand to she mouth and she head nodd pathetically a little to one side , a look of fear appear in they . Iris out . Art title -- 12 the shadow of impending failure fall across the threshold of Old David 's totter establishment . scene 74 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David be wearily press a pair of trousers , when suddenly he eye light up as he see scene 75 -- Close - up , show a shaft of sunlight in doorway . ( this effect can be obtain in studio by use strong arc . ) scene 76 -- Close - up of Old David , a happy light in he eye , as he exclaim : speak title --21 '' a shaft of sunlight out of a gray sky -- ah , a lucky omen ! " but suddenly the happy light disappear , as he see scene 77 -- back to 75 . a buzzardlike black shadow ( friedman 's ) have fall across sunlit doorway . scene 78 -- back to 74 . Old David look downcast as friedman , a wizen , bitter little Jew , enter and begin to threaten he . the old man plead with he to be lenient , but friedman scoff and stalk from the shop , shaking he bony fist as he go . Old David close he eye wearily . millie , dress for the street , come into the shop from the street and , go to she father , ask : speak title -- 22 '' what do friedman want , daddy ? " the old man look at she and with force cheerfulness say : speak title --23 '' the rent . friedman never make a social call . " millie , realize that thing be beginning to look really serious , pat Old David 's cheek affectionately . he smile a sad little smile . scene 79 -- Interior . Reagan live - room . Mary be seat at table in the foreground peel potato and hum little tune . Reagan , dress for the street , enter from the " secret room " ( which he lock ) , and scowl as Mary , who not have hear he enter , go on hum . scene 80 -- a close - up of Reagan 's scowling face . scene 81 --a close - up of Mary hum over she work . sense he presence , she stop and turn fear - fill eye in he direction . scene 82 -- back to 79 . eyeing she coldly , he take from he pocket a number of bill . peel one off , he fling it on table and say : speak title -- 24 '' here 's a dollar for the steak . I will be back about five . see that you be here ! " Mary gaze at Reagan , then at bill on table , and nod understandingly . Reagan go out . Mary resume she potato peel . scene 83 --a close - up of Old David seat on a chair , he face bury in he hand . scene 84 -- back to 82 . the potato peel , Mary place they on table , take the dollar , and , don she cheap little hat , take key out of lock and go out . scene 85 --a close - up of Mary lock door . scene 86 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David take letter from hand of letter - carrier and wearily open it . carrier go out . scene 87 -- Close - up of Old David read letter . insert --1 ( flash letter first in german , then blend into English . ) insert --2 dear friend schwartz : I be come soon to claim my bride . I hope she be pretty and can cook . as you have a big business and be wealthy we will of course make we home with you . my father and you certainly make a fine arrangement . you future son- in- law , karl lieber . scene 88 -- back to 86 . he place letter in he pocket and a sad light fill he eye . Mary , carry a bag ( steak ) , enter and he eye brighten as he rush to greet she . scene 89 --a close - up of Old David and Mary register mutual admiration . he ask she where she have be and she answer : speak title -- 25 " I have to go to the butcher 's and think I would drop in to see you . " the quaint way she say this tickle he and he take she into he arm . scene 90 -- a close - up of Old David 's old - fashioned clock register 4:10 . scene 91 -- Interior . tailor shop . Long shot . millie and Old David be listen to Mary sing a little song for they . scene 92 -- Close - up of Mary sing . suddenly she stop as she see scene 93 -- exterior . Street in ghetto . a close - up of Dick hammond lighting cigarette by curb . scene 94 -- back to 91 . to millie 's and Old David 's surprize , Mary she song unfinish , rush from the shop . scene 95 -- back to 93 . Dick , as before . Mary rush up to he and , take he hand , lead he to scene 96 -- back to 94 . Mary introduce Dick to Old David , then to millie . scene 97 -- Close - up of Dick and millie shaking hand . it be plain that they be strongly attract to each other . scene 98 -- back to 96 . Mary and Old David both realize that Dick and millie take to each other , and the child and the old man exchange smile . scene 99 --a close - up of Old David 's old - fashioned clock register 4:46 . scene 100 -- Interior . tailor shop . Long shot . they have pair off . millie with Dick , and Mary with Old David . scene 101 -- Close - up of Dick and millie get on famously . scene 102 -- Close - up of Mary and Old David . Mary ask : speak title - - 26 " will you teach I another song the next time I come ? " Old David say he will . scene 103 -- back to 100 . Mary , notice time , make haste to return to the room before Reagan . Dick notice and bid millie good - bye . Mary take the steak from counter . as she do so , Dick lift she up in he arm . General good - by , then Dick carry Mary out . millie look admiringly after Dick , and Old David , come over to she , shake he finger at she , as he say : speak title -- 27 " do not forget , my dear , that you be already promise ! " this be a blow to millie , but she take it in silence . Iris out . scene 104 -- Interior . Reagan live - room . Dick enter , carry Mary . he put she down gently and then toss the key on the table . she place steak on table and then remove she hat quaintly . smiling at she , he ask : speak title - - 28 " do not you get lonesome without any playmate ? " scene 105 -- Close - up of Mary as she answer , with tear in she eye : speak title - - 29 " I have a dog once -- he name be trick . papa give he something to eat and then he die . " scene 106 -- Close - up of Dick register resentment in such a way that Mary do not see . scene 107 -- back to 104 . Dick be about to ask another question when Reagan enter . see Mary be not alone , he frown . he greet Dick warmly , but Dick sense that something be wrong , as he see Mary take steak from table and go affrightedly from room . Iris out . Art title -- 13 the day Reagan remain in the '' secret room " but a few minute . scene 108 --interior . schwartz live - room as in scene 54 . Old David be teach Mary a new song . scene 109 -- Interior . Reagan live - room . Reagan come out of " secret room " and be surprize at not see Mary . frown , he go into scene 110 -- Interior . small bedroom . not see Mary here , he turn to fear for she safety . then fear turn to anger as he hear scene 111 -- Close - up of Mary sing , with Old David watch she admiringly . scene 112 -- back to 110 . recognize Mary 's voice , Reagan fumingly rush out door . scene 113--schwartz live - room . Mary and Old David , as before . suddenly they both start as they see scene 114 --a close - up of Reagan 's brutal face . scene 115 -- back to 113 . Reagan grab Mary by the shoulder and shake she violently . Old David plead with he and be push out of the way . then Reagan drag Mary from the room . scene 116 --interior . Reagan live - room . Reagan on with Mary . he again shake she violently and then strike she with such force that she be throw to the floor . scene 117 -- Close - up of Mary on floor , cry , she eye fill with terror . there be a gash on she cheek from Reagan 's fist . scene 118 -- Close - up of Reagan scowlingly say : speak title -- 30 " and you can not go into th' gym any more , neither ! " scene 119 -- back to 117 . Mary , as before . Iris out . Art title -- 14 necessity force Old David to seek aid of a friend , who , through he effort , have become a wealthy chain clothing store operator . scene 120 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David , weigh down with sorrow , hand millie , who be dress for the street , a seal note , as he say : speak title --31 '' Henry should not refuse I . I help he when he be hungry and friendless . " millie kiss she father and then go out . he look affectionately after she , then he fall to brood . he be very proud and dislike have to ask help even from one who owe it to he . scene 121 --interior . harmon 's luxuriously appoint office . it resemble a studio more than it do a place of business . harmon be seat at a desk affectedly smoking a cigaret . Art title -- 15 Henry harmon , who believe he lately acquire wealth a key that will open any door , even if mark " forbidden . " scene 122--a close - up of harmon affectedly deposit ash from he cigaret into a ornate tray on desk . scene 123 -- back to 121 . a flashily dress semitic youth enter and tell harmon that there be a girl to see he . harmon ask he if she 's pretty and be tell she be . he tell youth to have she come in . as he glance toward door mark " private " millie enter . harmon rise to greet she . scene 124 -- Close - up of millie and harmon . he eye she sensually , then invite she to be seat . millie give he note , which he open and read . scene 125 --interior . Reagan live - room . a flash of Mary wearily wash dish . scene 126 -- back to 124 . finish with the note , harmon eye millie in such a manner that she can not help but see he be impressed with she . he say he will help she father . scene 127 -- back to 125 . Mary , as before . scene 128 -- exterior . Broadway in the vicinity of Houston Street . a handsome limousine and livery chauffeur by curb . harmon on , smoothly invite millie to enter limousine . she do so , then he get in himself after affectedly give chauffeur instruction . limousine drive off . scene 129 -- exterior , show millie and harmon in limousine . millie catch harmon watch she , a dangerous light in he eye . scene 130 -- a flash of Mary , as in 127 . scene 131 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David be at counter figure , when millie and harmon enter . harmon and Old David shake hand . Old David invite he to be seat , as millie go through to live - room to remove she thing . scene 132 --interior . schwartz live -room . millie slowly remove she hat and coat , then , glance toward shop , show plainly that she dislike harmon and he attitude towards she . scene 133--a close - up of Old David and harmon seat . harmon affectedly inspect a diamond ring on he leave hand and then say : speak title -- 32 " I will let you have a thousand dollar , David , but I must have security ! " Old David be stunne by the word " security . " scene 134 --a close - up of millie register she contempt for harmon . scene 135 -- back to 133 . Old David say brokenly : speak title --33 " Security ? you talk to I of security , Henry , after all I have do for you ? " harmon laugh forcedly , as he reply : speak title--34 " Business be business , David . a chattel mortgage on everything you possess will cover the thousand . " Old David be stunne . scene 136--a close - up of millie register contempt . scene 137 -- back to 135 . Old David brokenly ask : speak title--35 " do that include my violin and other personal belonging ? " harmon nod " yes , " with sad eye . and Old David regards he scene 138 --interior . Reagan live -room . Mary wash dish in foreground . Reagan , back to camera , be look out window . Mary drop saucer . Reagan , hearing it crash , turn and scowl at she . pathetically plead with he not to strike she , Mary begin to pick up the break piece . scene 139 -- back to 137 . harmon , a triumphant gleam in he cynical eye , hand Old David a check . the old man look at it with a sigh and then wearily pocket it . harmon say : speak title--36 " now that business be settle , let 's discuss sentiment . I like you millie well enough to marry she . " Old David smile sadly ( he be greatly disappointed in harmon ) and then answer : speak title--37 " I be sorry , Henry , but millie be already promise to the son of my old friend , ludwig lieber . " harmon regards this in the light of a insult and stalk out of the shop . Old David look after he in surprize . millie come out of live - room and , go to she father , say : speak title--38 '' why do you keep tell people I be promise , daddy ? you know I have no intention of marrying Karl lieber ! " Old David get as angry as it be possible for he to get and tell she that she will marry Karl . she rush from the shop to street in tear . scene 140 - - exterior . freight Delivery Office on waterfront ( either railroad or steamship ) . Delivery clerk come out of office and call to scene 141 -- exterior . open dock . Close - up of Dick , wear cap , pad in hand , write down description of case on italian laborer 's hand - truck . hear he name , Dick look in direction of Delivery Office . scene 142-- Close - up of Delivery clerk , as he say : speak title --39 '' you be want on the ' phone by a damsel in distress ! " scene 143 -- back to 141 . Dick laugh and leave laborer at sea , as he go to scene 144 -- back to 140 . Dick on , enter office with clerk . scene 143 -- Close - up of Dick at ' phone in office . ( this can be " shot " in office on waterfront -- no set require . ) scene 144 -- Close - up of millie in pay-station booth talk excitedly . she say : speak title - - 40 " daddy want I to marry a greenhorn I have not see since I be four year old ! " scene 147 -- back to 145 . this news prove a bit of a jolt to Dick , who have come to love millie . he say : speak title - - 41 " I will try to think of a way out for you . meet I to -night at Reagan 's gym . " scene 148 -- back to 146 . millie brighten at this . after tell Dick she will meet he at Reagan 's , she hook receiver . scene 149 -- back to 147 . as Dick hook receiver , he sigh , and clerk , who be watch he , say : speak title --42 '' when you be sendin ' out th' invite , do not pass I up . I love wedding - cake ! " Dick make a playful pass at the clerk . Iris out . Art title -- 16 there be nothing romantic about Reagan 's gymnasium , but to millie and Dick it be a ideal rendezvous . scene 150 --- Interior . Reagan 's gymnasium . Long shot . tint amber . millie and Dick seat in background , talk . Reagan and a neighborhood youth ( both in gym tog ) box in foreground . Reagan be show the youth a effective blow . scene 151 -- Close up of millie and Dick . Dick be finish he solution of millie 's difficulty . she regards he admiringly and say : speak title --43 " you be certainly Mr. fixer himself ! now can you get Mr. Reagan 's permission to let Mary visit daddy ? " Dick say he will do the best he can . scene 152 -- back to 150 . Dick and millie go to Reagan 's side . scene 153 -- Close - up of Reagan , millie and Dick . Dick say : speak title -- 44 " I will consider it a personal favor , Pat , if you will let Mary visit Old David occasionally . he 's crazy about she . " Reagan hesitates for a moment , then , not wishing to cross Dick , say " yes . " millie and Dick be pleased . Dick tell Reagan he solution of millie 's difficulty and Reagan look he surprize . Iris out . Art title -- 17 at Dick 's suggestion Reagan have introduce box among the girl of the neighborhood . scene 154 -- Interior . Reagan 's gym. Long shot . Reagan , Dick ( who have fold newspaper in hand ) , and a number of bloomer girl be watch millie and another neighborhood girl box . scene 155 -- Close - up of millie and girl box , with millie have thing all she own way . scene 156 -- Close - up of Dick register personal and professional admiration . scene 157 -- Close - up of Reagan register professional admiration . scene 158 --interior . tailor shop . Close - up of Old David and Mary . Old David be read a mother Goose tale to Mary , who be carry away with it . scene 159 -- back to 154 . the bout over , millie and the girl shake hand . Dick call millie , admiration in he eye . he show millie , Reagan and other a article in newspaper in he hand . insert --3 the teach of the art of self - defense of girl and young lady be necessary not only for the value of the exercise , but also as a protection in case of need in this time when girl have take up many responsibility that formerly be assume entirely by man , and in consequence be continually expose to danger and insult where they might be call upon to defend themselves . Dick turn page and show they another article . they read : insert --4 ( a picture of harriet dane in ring costume -- under it the follow : coincident with the announcement that harriet dane , England 's champion lady boxer , be soon to visit America , come word that a group of lead society woman be to hold a tournament to find a suitable opponent for she . the winner of the tournament and miss dane will then be match for the world 's championship . a large purse will go to the victor . Dick and other look to millie to enter tournament . the girl give she three cheer and she modestly accept they . she say : speak title -- 45 " as you all seem to feel I have a chance , I will enter the tournament and try my luck ! " they all laugh down she modesty and cheer she . she smile affectionately at Dick . Iris out . Art title -- 18 when kipling write " East be East and West be West , and not 'er the twain shall meet , " he have not hear of Ellis Island . scene 160 -- Interior or exterior . Ellis Island . Long shot . a group of immigrant of various land . among they be Karl lieber , who be extremely green . he be talk boastfully to a fellow german . Art title -- 19 Karl lieber , who have cross the Atlantic to sit ( as he think ) in the lap of luxury . scene 161 -- Close - up of Karl boast to fellow german , who seem greatly impressed by he air . he say : speak title -- 46 " work ? I will not have to work . my friend be wealthy . if he daughter be pretty , so much the better ! " he dig he elbow insinuatingly into the rib of he companion , as he refer to millie . scene 162--interior . tailor shop . Old David , dress for the street , be talk with millie , who look unhappy . he tell she : speak title --47 '' now that Karl have arrive , you would better prepare for the wedding . have you select a dress yet ? " for reason of she own millie remain silent . believe that everything will come out as he plan , Old David kiss she and , after tell she that he be go up to get little Mary , leave the shop . millie look after he . it be plain that she dread meeting Karl . scene 163 -- Interior . Reagan live - room . Reagan be seat at table eat . Mary be pour he a cup of coffee . there be a knock on the door . Reagan scowl and bark , " come in ! " the door open and Old David enter somewhat timorously . Mary 's eye light up as she see the old man . she place coffee - pot on table , as Reagan growlingly ask the old man what he want . Old David say : speak title -- 48 " I be go to Ellis Island to get a friend who 's just come over and would like to take Mary with I . " scene 164 -- Close - up of Reagan as he revolve the question in he mind . he glance at Mary . scene 165 -- Close - up of Mary , she eye begging he to let she go with Old David . scene 166 -- Close - up of Old David anxiously await Reagan 's answer . scene 167 -- back to 163 . Reagan frown up at Old David and say : speak title -- 49 " she can go , but ya have gotta promise to have she back soon ! " Old David be grateful and thanks Reagan , who continue with he meal and pay no attention to what he be say . Mary have don she cheap little hat and join Old David . as they go out , they each say good - bye to Reagan , but he do not answer they . he pour himself another cup of coffee . Iris out . Art title -- 20 the power of a smile . scene 168--interior . Immigration Office at Ellis Island ( to be " shot " in studio ) . Long shot . a grouchy uniform official be seat at large flat desk . above desk , on wall , be a flag-drape portrait of George Washington . Old David be plead with grouchy official to release Karl , but official scowl and be about to send he away , when he see scene 169 -- Close - up of Mary , she eye begging , as she give he she sweetest smile . scene 170 -- back to 168 . the official , win over by Mary , melt and , take up ' phone , speak into mouthpiece ; then , rehook receiver , he talk to Mary , who have make a decide hit with the official , much to Old David 's delight . scene 171 --interior . tailor shop . Close - up of millie read newspaper . a footfall startles she and she look up quickly . a expression of contempt come into she eye as she see scene 172 -- Close - up of harmon , eyeing she sensually . scene 173 -- Long shot . rising , millie ask harmon what he want , and he answer meaningly " you ! " she regards he defiantly , as she reply : speak title --50 " that 's rather a large order ! shall I be wrap up and send , or will you take I with you ~ " her tone anger he and he snap : speak title--51 '' you father will never be able to meet the note , and , unless you marry I , I will throw he into the street ! " millie counter with : speak title--52 " you be take too much for grant ! the note will be meet when due , Mr. harmon ! " scene 174 -- Close - up of harmon . he laugh as he think millie be bluff he . he regards she insolently and then take note of scene 175 -- Close - up of key in lock . scene 176 -- back to 170 . Long shot . Immigration Office . Karl come into office and he and Old David embrace . Mary look on , a smile of greeting in she eye . scene 177 -- Interior . tailor shop . Long shot . harmon lock door and pocket key . then , as millie , she hand fold and a gleam of defiance in she eye , wait , he come slowly and insultingly over to she . when he endeavor to take she into he arm and kiss she , he get the surprize of he life . the athletic millie begin to treat he as she do the bag up in Reagan 's gym ! scene 178 -- exterior . move taxi . Mary , catch Karl 's eye , smile sweetly up at he , but the contemptible greenhorn frown at she . Mary be hurt . scene 179 -- back to 177 . harmon now possess a beautiful " shiner ! " quite batter , he rush to door , quickly open it , throw key on floor , and make a inglorious exit ! millie laugh and , as if nothing have happen , pick up key , return it to lock and begin to straighten up shop which naturally have become a little upset during the painfully one - sided fraca ! scene 180 -- exterior . barber shop . harmon on , look like verdun after the siege . with he good eye , he read sign in window . scene 181 -- Close - up of sign in window read " Black eye paint . " ( to save time , it be advisable to have sign make and then place in window of some convenient barber shop . ) scene 182 -- back to 180 . harmon , hold he batter eye ludicrously , enter shop . scene 183 -- Interior . tailor shop . millie be again absorb in she newspaper , when the noise of a taxi outside make she look up . she frown as she presumably see Karl . as she put down paper and rise , Old David , Mary , and Karl enter . Karl be introduce to millie . scene 184 -- Close - up of Karl register ecstasy , as he drink in millie 's beauty . scene 185 -- back to 183 . put down he old - fashioned suitcase , which he then proceed to trip over , he rush forward to kiss millie , but she manipulate thing so he lip do not meet hers , but she cheek . as Karl turn to beam Old David to tell he how delighted he be with he " bride , " Mary see millie wipe the imprint of the awkward greenhorn 's kiss from she face , and in she own childish way she understand . Art title -- 21 fill with resentment and craving revenge , harmon return . scene 186 --interior . tailor shop . Long shot . Old David and Karl have remove they thing and have place they and the old - fashioned suitcase in the live room . Old David be tell little Mary about the come wedding , and millie be watch with disgust the strutting of Karl as he make himself perfectly at home , fill the shop with the fume from he long -stemm german pipe . harmon , he eye paint , but he clothes and general appearance as before , rush into the shop and begin to deride Old David , who be surprize at he friend 's dishevel condition . Mary become frighten , and Karl and millie listen to harmon 's accusation . harmon then tell Old David he version of what happen . Iris out . scene 187 -- Interior . tailor shop . Iris in . harmon enter shop and , find it empty , go to scene 188 --interior . schwartz live - room in rear , where he see millie and Dick in each other 's arm on sofa and kissing passionately . he speak to they and Dick get up and order he out . a struggle follow with Dick punch he so hard that he fall into scene 189 -- back to 187 . shop. Dick , follow by millie , come in and then commence to pummel he unmercifully . Iris out . scene 190 -- Interior . tailor shop . Iris in . harmon finish he " story . " Old David , he heart heavy , look to millie for some word , but be speechless . then Karl , have hear about she " misconduct , " glare at she , and harmon , smile cynically , leave the shop . Old David turn on millie and begin to berate she severely . she try to tell he the truth , but he will not listen . Mary , frighten , rush from the shop . frantic , millie turn to Karl and say , " tell daddy it be not true ! " but he turn he back on she . scene 191 -- exterior . dock , as in scene 141 . Dick there . Mary on and excitedly tell he what be happen at the shop . he exit with she . scene 192 -- back to 190 . the situation be at its worst when Dick enter with Mary . Dick go to millie and , take she into he arm , assume she end of the argument . Old David turn on Dick . he say : speak title --53 " go - - and do not see or communicate with my daughter again ! " Dick tell Old David it be too late . the old man say : speak title -- 54 " too late ? what do you mean ? " Dick tell he : speak title -- 55 " millie and I be already marry ! " hear this , Old David lose all control of himself and order millie and Dick from the place ! Reagan , look for Mary , enter . grasp the situation at a glance , he try to intercede with Old David . scene 193 -- Close - up of Reagan as he say : speak title --56 '' they could have do worse than gettin ! marry . and I know they be marry , because I be there ! " scene 194 -- back to 192 . Old David turn on Reagan , blame he for the whole thing . millie and Dick go to door . scene 195 -- Close - up of millie and Dick in doorway . millie , she eye fill with tear , look back and say " daddy ! " but Old David ignore she . Dick try to comfort she as they exit . scene 196 -- back to 194 . Reagan become abusive to Old David and go to strike he . Mary , no longer able to control she feeling , fly to the old man 's defense . this have a peculiar effect on both man . scene 197 -- Close - up of Reagan . his eye flame as he realize Mary have turn against he . scene 198 -- back to 196 . Reagan grab Mary and drag she from the shop . Old David be too upset to interfere and he look helplessly after Mary , sympathy in he eye . scene 199 -- Interior . Reagan live - room . Reagan on , drag Mary after he . close the door with he free hand , he tighten he grip on Mary ; then , he eye gleam fiendishly , he beat she ... scene 200 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David be a picture of solemn sorrow . Karl , still strutting and smoking he long - stem pipe , come over to he and insolently ask : speak title --57 " where do I stand now ? be this what you bring I to America for ? " but Old David be in no mood to answer he and the greenhorn stalk blusteringly into the live - room . scene 201 -- back to 199 . his hatred cool , Reagan throw Mary violently into a corner and then go into the " secret room . " scene 202 -- Close - up of Mary in corner . she be like a poor break little reed . she think of Old David and she eye fill with sympathy . scene 203 -- back to 201 . drying she eye pathetically on she sleeve , Mary look toward door of " secret room , then tiptoe to door and go out . scene 204 -- Interior . tailor shop . Close - up of Old David sit in chair , he eye heavy with sorrow . Mary on . see she , he take she into he arm -- then , together , this two who be link by a great and beautiful love , shed tear of mutual sympathy and understanding . Iris out . Art title - - 22 Karl soon learn New York 's way , and Reagan find he a willing tool . scene 205 -- Interior . Reagan 's " secret room . " Reagan regard Karl - -a new and flashily - dress Karl -- amusedly , as he say : speak title--58 '' a few month have certainly do wonder for you , sourkrout ! " Karl accept this as a compliment . his shifty eye take note of scene 205 -a --close - up of improvise safe . scene 205-b --back to 205 . Reagan give he a number of flask of " moonshine " which he pocket . Karl shake he head understandingly , as Reagan instruct he as to how to dispose of they and to whom . Reagan extinguish electric light and with Karl go to scene 206 -- Interior . Reagan live - room . Mary be wearily black a pair of Reagan 's brogan . Reagan and Karl come into room . Mary show plainly that she dislike Karl . Reagan and Karl go to door , where Reagan give he a final word or two . Karl go out . Reagan turn to Mary and grumblingly order she to hurry . Iris out . Art title -- 23 robbed of the thing he hold most dear , Old David have let the business drift from bad to worse . scene 207 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David , the picture of sorrow , stand look through window of shop at scene 208 -- exterior . Long shot , show up - to-date tailore establishment across the street ( presumably ) , with the name '' Henry harmon " conspicuously display . Art title -- 24 out of spite harmon have take practically all of Old David 's cash patronage , leave he the " dead beat " and that too poor to pay . scene 209 -- exterior . Close - up of harmon 's tailore establishment . harmon , immaculately dress , come to door of shop with customer and speak honey word . scene 210 -- back to 207 . injured rather than resentful , Old David turn away from window . scene 211 --interior . Reagan 's gymnasium . millie and Dick in fight tog box . Dick be show she a number of good point of defense . Reagan come in with newspaper . " do you see this ? " millie and Dick go to he . scene 212--close -up of millie , Dick and Reagan . they read article he show they . insert --5 ( newspaper story show picture of millie and harriet dane , the English champion , in ring costume . ) September 24 be the date set for the World 's championship bout between millie hammond , champion of America , and harriet dane , champion of England . Mrs. hammond have show wonderful form in win every contest in the recent nationwide tournament , America look to she to Dick and Reagan tell millie she must win . she laughingly agree with they . Iris out . Art title -- 25 no height be too sublime for man to attain - - no depth too despicable . scene 213 --interior . tailor shop . letter - carrier ( the same as in scene 86 ) hand Karl a letter . Karl sneakily await carrier 's withdrawal before look at it . carrier go out and Karl glance at letter . insert --6 ( envelop in feminine hand ) Mr. David schwartz , 863 Allen Street , New York City . Karl look stealthily toward live - room . scene 214 --interior . schwartz live - room . a flash of Old David wearily partake of a meager meal . scene 215 -- Close - up of Karl , as he open letter and read . insert --7 ( letter in feminine hand , same write as in insert no . 6 ) dear daddy : it be not like you to refuse to answer my letter . I have write you from every city I box in during the recent tournament . wo not you please forgive I ? I be sure if you know what a splendid husband Dick be , you would love he like I do . please write , daddy , and say you forgive I , you heart - break millie . scene 216 -- Long shot . Karl tear letter to piece and pocket they quickly as woman ( who appear in scene 37 ) enter . go to Karl she hand he a two - dollar bill . scene 217 -- Close - up of woman , as she say : speak title -- 59 " give this to Mr. schwartz and tell he Mrs. higgins thanks he . I husband be work now ! " scene 218 -- back to 216 . woman go out somewhat jauntily ( she husband be work now ) and Karl stealthily pocket the two-dollar bill . Iris out . Art title -- 26 yearning for a sight of the lovable old man who have be so kind to she . scene 219 -- Interior . small bedroom , as in scene 66 . Close - up of Mary by window . a sad smile come into she eye , as she think of Old David . she look toward live - room . scene 220 -- Interior . " secret room . " Reagan at work . scene 221 -- back to 219 . Mary decide to climb down fire - escape to see Old David . scene 222--interior . Reagan live - room . Long shot . Karl enter in he insolent way . he cross to enter secret room . suddenly he eye be attract by something in bedroom . scene 223-- Close - up of Karl , as he see scene 224 -- Close - up of Mary climb out on fire-escape . scene 225 -- back to 223 . decide to watch she , Karl follow she . scene 226 -- bedroom . go to window , Karl look down . as it come to he that Mary be go to visit Old David he decide to tell Reagan . scene 227 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David , a legal - look paper in he hand and tear in he eye , be seat in chair . Mary enter and , go to he , kiss he sweetly . then in she childish way she connect the paper in he hand with he tear , and she ask he what it say . he show it to she . insert --8 ( a formal notice of the sheriff 's sale of Old David 's effect to satisfy harmon 's chattel mortgage . have this legally correct . ) Little Mary 's heart go out to the old man and she endeavor to comfort he . scene 228--interior . secret room . Karl be talk with Reagan , begging he for money . Reagan growl : speak title -- 60 " break again what do ya do wit ! that tenner I give ya yesterday ? " Karl laugh forcedly , as he reply : speak title -- 61 " I put it down on victorious in the fourth race . she come in last ! " Reagan do not share Karl 's laughter - - tell he he will not give he any money . Karl 's shifty eye again take note of scene 229 -- Close - up of improvise safe as in scene 205 -a . scene 230 -- back to 228 . Karl hit upon a plan to get Reagan out of the way . he tell he : speak title -- 62 " I just see th ' kid goin 's into th' tailor shop ! " scene 231 --close - up of Reagan . hear this , he become furious . he snap : speak title --63 " what - - after I tell she never to go down there again ! " scene 232 -- back to 230 . his eye seethe with fury , Reagan rush from the room . Karl make the most of he opportunity . scene 233 -- Close - up of Karl at improvise safe . he open it hurriedly and take from drawer a large roll of bill and pocket they . then he take out -- scene 234 -- Close - up of large manila envelop seal with wax . turned over , it bear in a illiterate hand the word : forrester clipping . scene 235 -- back to 233 . he stuff manila envelop into inside pocket of he coat , as a triumphant gleam come into he shifty eye . then he close door of safe , make it appear as though it have not be tampere with . scene 236 --interior . tailor shop . Old David be play violin . Mary be seat at he foot look admiringly up at he . scene 237 -- Close - up of Mary 's face register admiration and affection for Old David . suddenly it change to terror , as she see scene 238 -- Close - up of Reagan 's brutal face . scene 239 -- back to 236 . Old David see Reagan and know what he presence mean , endeavor to get between they , but Reagan throw the old man violently to the floor and grab the frighten Mary and drag she out of the shop . scene 240 -- Close - up of Old David on floor call after Reagan in a weak voice to spare Mary . scene 241 --interior . gymnasium . millie and Dick there . millie be dress for the street . her eye be fill with tear , as she say : speak title --64 " I can not understand why daddy do not answer my letter . I be go to see he at once ! " Dick agree with millie that she should see she father . scene 242--interior . Reagan live - room . Karl seat at table coolly smoking cigaret . Reagan drag Mary in and fling she on floor . Mary plead with Karl to help she , but he shrug he shoulder and go out . Reagan , he eye fill with a fiendish hate , advance slowly and menacingly toward Mary ! scene 243 -- Close - up of Mary 's terrify face , as she pathetically plead with he not to strike she - - " please , papa , do not ! please ! " scene 244 -- Close - up of Reagan 's fiendish face move slowly toward camera ! scene 245 -- a flash of Mary 's frighten face . scene 246--a flash of Reagan 's brutal face , as it advance ! scene 247 ---interior . hallway outside gymnasium . Karl about to go down stair . ( he be smoking cigaret . ) millie come out of gymnasium . go to Karl , she ask he if she father be in . he reply : speak title -- 65 " I would advise you not to bother you father just now . his condition be such that another argument would prove fatal ! " not wishing to cause she father any pain , millie tell Karl she will not see he , and Karl smile sneakily . they go down stair together . scene 248--interior . Reagan live - room . Long shot . Reagan slowly advance on the plead , cry , terrify Mary . suddenly grab she , he strike she brutally . she cry out : speak title --66 '' please , papa , do not hit I ! " but she word have no effect on the brute and he strike she again ! scene 249 -- exterior . Street corner in ghetto . Old David , hatless , on excitedly and look frantically about for a policeman . scene 250 -- back to 248 . Reagan beat Mary . scene 251 --interior . gymnasium . Dick hear Mary 's cry and can not believe he ear . then , as it come to he that Reagan be beat she , he exit quickly . scene 252 -- back to 250 . Reagan beat Mary . Dick enter . take in situation at a glance , he start to give the brutal bully the thrashing of he life ! scene 253 -- Close - up of Mary 's tear-stain face look on , fearful for Dick 's safety ! scene 254 -- Close - up of Dick and Reagan fight furiously , with Dick have decidedly the better of it . scene 255 -- another flash of Mary 's face . scene 256 -- back to 254 . Dick and Reagan mixing . it begin to look like Reagan 's fight , when Dick strike a powerful blow and Reagan fall prone at he foot . scene 257 -- Close - up of Reagan lie prone on floor , a break bully . scene 258 --close - up of Dick and Mary . Dick take the child into he arm and try to comfort she . his emotion give way and the tear run down he cheek . scene 259 -- exterior . another street corner in ghetto . Old David and policeman pick up another officer and hasten from scene . scene 260 -- Interior . living-room . Long shot . Dick and Mary as before . Reagan , with a great effort , manage to get to he foot and then exit into the " secret room . " scene 261 --interior . " secret room . " Close - up of Reagan lock door . scene 262 -- back to 260 . Old David and two policeman enter . scene 263-- a flash of Reagan at improvise safe -- register fear when he find money , and particularly the manila envelop , miss . scene 264 -- back to 262 . Old David , glad to see little Mary safe , ask Dick where Reagan be . Dick tell he and policeman begin to batter down door of " secret room " with chair . scene 265--a flash of Reagan in " secret room " cring . scene 266 - Close - up of policeman batter down door ! scene 267 --interior . living-room . Long shot . policeman succeed in smash down door ! scene 268--interior . secret room . policeman place Reagan under arrest . they be quite surprize at evidence of illicit distill they find . scene 269 -- Close - up of one of policeman , a jovial - face irishman , as he say : speak title --67 " this be the baby that 's be keepin th' East side drunk . th' commissioner will make we captain for this ! " scene 270 -- Interior . living-room . policeman lead out Reagan cring and protest . Dick offer to give himself up and policeman laughingly tell he to forget it . policeman lead Reagan out . scene 271 -- Close - up of Dick and Old David comforting little Mary . Iris out . Art title -- 27 Poverty be the test of true friendship . scene 272--interior . schwartz live - room . Long shot . Old David stand by stove watch a egg fry , while Mary , she chin rest on she hand , look on admiringly from she seat at table which be " set " -- sugar , condense milk , a dab of butter , and a few slice of bread . there be a cup of coffee , already sweeten , at the place of each . scene 273 -- Close - up of Mary watch Old David . scene 274 -- Close - up of Old David at stove . scene 275 -- back to 272 . Old David place egg on plate and then put it before Mary . as he seat himself and take up piece of bread and begin to butter it sparingly , she ask : speak title -- 68 " where 's yours ? " scene 276 --close - up of Mary and Old David . he look sheepish , then awkwardly reply : speak title --69 " I -- I be not hungry , my dear . " Mary look at he sweetly ; she know that there be not another egg ( or anything else eatable ) in the house . she " boss " he deliciously . as she divide egg , place she half on saucer and pass he the plate , she say : speak title --70 " eat that and do not tell any more whopper ! " he smile at she through tear , then ravenously begin to partake of the bread in he hand . Mary watch he sympathetically . Iris out . Art title -- 28 Reagan 's trial have reveal Karl 's guilt , he be anxious to leave the country . scene 277 -- exterior . a municipal park . Close - up of Karl , look shabby , seat on bench next to batter bum . Karl be anxiously look over steamship announcement . bum lean over familiarly and ask : speak title --71 '' thinkin ' o' sailin ' , brother ? " Karl , startle , look up ; then , see he interrogator be only a park roustabout , he relievedly answer : speak title --72 " yes - - all I need be a ticket ! " his answer tickle he companion 's risibility . Karl fail to see the humor of it and say so ! the bum tell he he will knock he into the middle of next week and Karl deem it best to say no more . Iris out . Art title -- 29 Mary conceive a plan to obtain some money for she benefactor . scene 278 --interior . smoke-filled underworld dance hall . tables fill with hard - face , garishly - dress representative of both sex . in middle of floor , which be clear for dance , a sallow - complexion youth be do the '' buskin ' act " -- perform for whatever money the patron care to toss he . as he jig , coin be throw . scene 279 -- Close - up of Mary , peek from behind bunt - wrap pillar , be watch he -- and money throw he . scene 280 -- Close - up of youth jigging , with coin drop at he foot . scene 281 -- back to 278 . youth , finish , pick up money and pocket it . manager cross floor to make a announcement and Mary , come from behind pillar , go up to he and tug at he sleeve just as he be about to speak to crowd . scene 282--close - up of Mary and manager . she smile sweetly up at he and then tell he she would like to do a '' stunt . '' amuse , the manager grin down at she and ask she what she can do . Mary tell he she can sing . scene 283 -- Interior . dance hall . Long shot , Mary and manager in center of floor . manager have he hand on she head . General craning of neck by the patron . scene 284 -- Close - up of manager , as he announce in a stentorian voice : speak title --73 " miss Mary Reagan will now vocalize ! scene 285 -- back to 283 . manager walk away and Mary start to sing . scene 286 -- Close - up of a pair of tough type look on admiringly . male member dig down and toss Mary a quarter . scene 287 -- Close - up of Mary sing , coin drop all about she . Art title -- 30 in the inelegant but descriptive parlance of the vaudeville world , Mary be a " wow ! " scene 288--interior . dance hall . Long shot . head rock , everybody in place join in with Mary when she reach the chorus of she song . ( this be one of the best audience bit in the picture and should be play up for all it be worth . ) speak title --74 '' East side , West side , all around the town , the tot sing ring - a-rosie , London Bridge be fall down ; boy and girl together , I and mamie rorke , tripped the light fantastic on the sidewalks of New York . " scene 289 -- Close - up of Mary sing , with coin drop all around she . scene 290 -- Close - up of two typical East side " '' pruiser " sing lustily . scene 291 -- Close - up of Mary sing , coin literally raining at she foot . Iris out . Art title --31 Old David , miss Mary , be just about to send out a general alarm for she , when -- scene 292--interior . schwartz live -room . Old David wring he hand and praying for Mary 's safety . Mary , carry a bag of grocery almost as big as herself , enter and Old David , he eye beam , rush to she . take bag from she , he place it on table ; then , as he kiss she , she hand he a roll of bill . scene 293 -- Close - up of Old David gaze at bill , he eye fill with tear of joy . he ask she where she get they . scene 294 -- Close - up of Mary , as she cutely tell he : speak title --75 " for sing at the Blue horse . the delicatess man give I bill for the silver . " scene 295 -- Close - up of Old David and Mary . when he realize what she have do , he say " my darling ! " and take she into he arm . Iris out . Art title --32 millie 's contest for the world 's championship be only a few day off , and , naturally , the papers be full of it . scene 296 --interior . schwartz live - room . Mary read newspaper . her eye sparkle as she read : insert --9 ( double column spread , with same photo as use in insert no . 5 ) women BOX for world' championship on saturday everything in readiness for big bout between american and English champion . the contest between millie hammond and harriet dane will be hold at the International box Club on Saturday afternoon . the victor will receive a large purse . Mary , greatly pleased , take newspaper and exit with it to scene 297 -- Interior . tailor shop . Old David be mend a pair of trousers . Mary on with newspaper . she tell he it be a piece about millie and he refuse to read it . then Mary cutely leave paper on counter for he and return to live - room . see she have go , the old man take paper from counter and begin to read story of contest . scene 298 -- Close - up of Mary peek from behind door of live - room . she smile cutely as she see she ruse have work . scene 299 -- Close - up of Old David read account . he be quite pleased until he read : insert -- 10 ( vignette of newspaper Story , set in 6 pt. 13 em wide ) altho the american champion have prove herself to be a clever boxer , the English girl be the favorite . she have experience in she favor and be expect to win easily . Old David , think he be unobserve , begin to berate the paper for predict victory for he daughter 's opponent . he say grumblingly : speak title --76 '' how dare they say my millie will not win ! " scene 300 -- Close - up of Mary in doorway smile at he action . scene 301 -- Interior . tailor shop . Long shot . Old David , the paper in he hand , be walk angrily up and down , grumble to himself the while , when Mary come up to he . caught red - hand , he look sheepish . Mary laugh and he face beam with a guilty smile . Iris out . Art title --33 clotho , lachesis , and atropos - - better know as the fate -- have arrange that the sheriff 's sale and millie 's bout occur the same day . scene 302 -- Interior . dress - room at box Club . millie , in ring costume , be be attend by she second ( two of the girl in scene 154 ) . there be a knock on door . one of the girl - gum - chew damsel with large " bun " over she ear -- go to open it . Dick enter . millie brighten when she see he . they kiss . then Dick begin to offer encouragement . Girls look on admiringly . scene 301 -- Interior . tailor shop . Long shot . sheriff 's sale in progress . Old David seat sorrowfully in rear . Mary try to cheer he . harmon gloatingly look on as a number of jewish type ( tailor and they wife ) listen to auctioneer . scene 302 -- Close - up of Old David and Mary . Mary wipe tear from Old David 's eye . scene 305 -- Close - up of harmon gloat over Old David 's discomfiture . scene 306 -- back to 303 . Mary tell Old David she be go to millie . the old man proudly protest , but before he can stop she she have leave shop . a number of Jews bid spiritedly for the fixture . scene 307 -- Close - up of two Jews in heat argument . there be much ludicrous gesticulate and call of name . scene 308 -- Close - up of Old David look on sorrowfully . scene 309 -- exterior . Street corner in ghetto . Close - up of Mary speak to one of the policeman that appear in earlier scene . she ask : speak title --77 " where be the International box Club and how do I get there ? " policeman instruct she . Mary thanks he sweetly and be off . policeman look admiringly after she . scene 310 -- Interior . Hall outside millie 's dress room at box club . Karl , shabbier than ever , there . millie , she second and Dick come out of dress - room . Karl stop Dick and ask for a moment . Dick tell he to go into dress - room and wait , that he can not stop now . millie be sorry for Karl . Karl go into dress - room . Dick rejoin millie and the quartet pass down the hall . scene 311 --a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 312--interior . box Club . Long shot , show ring , spectator , etc . millie , be attend by she second , be in she corner ; harriet dane , attend by she second ( two haughty damsel ) in hers . scene 313 -- Close - up of Dick in ringside seat anxiously watch millie . scene 314 -- Close - up of announcer , as he lustily cry : speak title --78 " in this corner , we have harriet dane , the Champion of England ! " scene 315 -- Close - up of harriet dane haughtily bow to crowd . scene 316 -- Close - up of announcer , as he lustily cry : speak title --79 '' and in this , millie hammond , the Champion of America ! " scene 317 -- Close - up of millie bow sweetly to crowd . scene 318 -- exterior . Street . Mary on run --off . scene 319 -- a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 320 -- Interior . box Club . a close - up of go sounding . scene 321 --interior . box Club . Close - up of millie , harriet dane , and referee ( who be in white ) . harriet dane haughtily shake millie 's offer hand . Bout commence . scene 322--a flash of Dick urging millie to victory . scene 323 -- exterior . another street . Mary on run -- off . scene 324 -- a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 325 --close -up of millie and harriet dane . the English champion be get the better of it by far . scene 326 --close -up of Dick anxious for millie . scene 327 -- a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 328--interior . entrance to box Club . Close - up of Mary begging uniform gateman to admit she . she tell he she know millie . he growl : speak title --79 " I would not care if you be Jack Dempsey 's niece -- you can not go in ! " Mary plead with man and he tell she to beat it . scene 329 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane , with latter get better of it . scene 330 -- Close - up of Dick as before . scene 331 -- Close - up of millie 's gum - chew second as she shout : speak title --80 '' show she where ya come from , millie old - timer ! " scene 332 -- Close - up of go sounding . scene 333 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane as they go to respective corner . scene 334 -- Close - up of millie 's second attend to she and give she advice . scene 335 -- Close - up of harriet dane 's second attend to she as she look haughtily on . scene 336--a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 337 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane beginning second round . scene 338 --interior . entrance , as in scene 328 . Mary , walk behind unusually fat man , cutely get through gate . gateman see she after she have pass through -- be about to go after she , but humor of it strike he and he let she go . scene 339 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane , with latter get better of it . scene 340 -- Close - up of Mary seat beside the unusually fat man , root strenuously for millie . scene 341 --close - up of millie and harriet dane . millie see Mary and , encourage , start to rally . scene 342--close - up of Dick . he turn and call Mary . she come and sit on he knee . scene 343 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane . the tide begin to turn for millie ! scene 344 -- a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 345 -- Close - up of Dick and Mary root for millie . scene 346 --close - up of millie and harriet dane . millie rallying ! scene 347 -- Close - up of English dude with monocle and gardenia , as he effeminately cry : speak title -- 81 " retaliate , harriet old thing , retaliate ! " scene 348--close - up of irish ( a strong English - detest type ) shouting at English dude : speak title - - 82 " g'wan , ye cup o' tea , for two potato I would knock ye into a eskimo pie ! " scene 349 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane . scene 350 -- Close - up of go sounding . scene 351 -- Close - up of Dick and Mary encourage millie . scene 352 -- Close - up of millie in she corner , smile at Dick and Mary , as she second work over she . scene 353 -- Close - up of hair - pull match between two of the tailor ' wife at sheriff 's sale ! scene 354 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane , with millie get the better of it . scene 355 -- Close - up of Dick and Mary root . scene 35 ~-- Close - up of millie 's gum - chew second shouting : speak title --83 '' Crown th ' dizzy limey , millie old - timer , and I will quit th' five - and - ten ! " scene 357 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane . the latter be beginning to get groggy ! scene 358 -- Close - up of Dick and Mary urging she to finish it ! scene 359 -- Close - up of millie and harriet dane . a exciting exchange of blow -- then harriet dane go to floor . referee begin count . scene 360 -- a close - up of portion of crowd wild with excitement ! scene 361 -- back to 359 . referee finish count , raise millie 's hand . Iris out . Art title --34 what startling fact be bury in the column of yesteryear 's newspaper ! scene 362--interior . dress - room at box club . Karl nervously pace floor . he heave a sigh of relief when Dick enter . Dick ask he what he want -- Karl take open manila envelop from he pocket . scene 363 -- exterior . speed taxi . a flash of millie and Mary . millie be still in ring costume which be partly visible beneath she dress - gown . scene 364 -- a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 365 --close - up of Dick and Karl . Dick be read content of one of the clipping . Karl be watch he sneakily . Dick say : speak title --84 '' Reagan must have be the discharge footman mention in this clipping . he be not Mary 's father after all ! '' Karl look on dumbly ; but occasional glance toward door show that he be in constant fear of be arrest . scene 366 -- exterior . taxi . a flash of millie and Mary . scene 367 -- a flash of sheriff 's sale . scene 368--interior . dress -room . Dick have manila envelop and clipping . he give Karl a number of bill . Karl 's eye bulge greedily . Dick say : speak title --85 '' when you reach Germany , get a job and settle down -- something easy like sweeping the sun off a roof or pose for pretzel ! " Karl go out . Dick take up telephone , ask Central for " information , " get she , speak . speak title -- 86 " information , please get I the number of claxton forrester , 4492 Riverside drive . " Dick wait for number , a twinkle in he eye . Iris out . scene 369 -- Interior . tailor shop . sheriff 's sale in progress . auctioneer offer Old David 's beloved violin ( in case ) . a Jew in front make a offer . scene 370 -- Close -up of auctioneer boisterously offer violin which he hold aloft . scene 371 -- Close - up of Old David realize they be barter he cherish instrument . tear come into he eye and he rush forward . scene 372 -- back to 369 . Old David make a pathetic appeal to auctioneer not to sell he violin . auctioneer , touch , look to harmon for order . harmon tell he coldly to go ahead and sell it . Old David go to harmon . scene 373 -- Close - up of Old David and harmon . Old David beat he breast as he sob : speak title -- 87 " please , Henry , let I keep my violin . it hold memory as dear as life itself . sell it and you might as well cut out my heart ! " scene 374 -- Close - up of millie and Mary in doorway , they eye fill with sympathy . scene 375 -- Interior . tailor shop . Long shot . harmon heartlessly push Old David aside and then give auctioneer the order to sell it . a pathetic and break spectacle , the old man turn away . millie enter with Mary , and , push harmon out of the way , snatch the violin from the auctioneer 's hand and place it in she father 's arm ! scene 376 --close - up of millie and Old David . after one quick , soul -read look into each other 's tear - wet eye , they go to each other 's arm . scene 377 -- Close - up of Mary , happy over the reunion of millie and she father . scene 378--close - up of harmon and auctioneer . angere by millie 's act , they crouch pantherlike , ready to spring ! scene 379 -- back to 375 . Long shot . harmon and auctioneer endeavor to take violin from Old David 's arm ! millie endeavor to prevent they , and Mary join in by kick harmon in the shin ! scene 380 -- Close -up of harmon and auctioneer try to take violin from Old David who cling to it pathetically . scene 381 -- back to 379 . two of the Jews who covet the instrument and have offer bid for it rush to assistance of harmon and auctioneer ! scene 382-- Close - up of Dick in doorway look on , unable to believe he eye ! scene 383 -- back to 381 . the four man be about to get violin away from Old David 's pathetic clutch , when Dick , he fist clench and he eye seethe with rage , rush in ! he punch harmon and the auctioneer and the Jews and they wife rush from the shop like a flock of frighten geese ! Dick then finish the job and kick both harmon and the auctioneer into the street , throw they thing after they ! scene 384 -- Close - up of millie bring Dick to Old David , who be more grateful than word can tell . a happy if tearful reunion follow and Mary , look on , smile sweetly . scene 385 -- exterior . steamship ticket Office . Karl , a ticket in he hand , come out . as he stand gaze at it in doorway , a man accost he , and , show he a badge , which he take from he pocket ( Central Office man do not , as a rule , have they badge pin on vest or inside coat as some writer and director would have we believe ) , place he , much to he horror , under arrest ! scene 386 -- Close - up of millie , Dick , Old David , and Mary . Old David put he arm paternally around Dick 's neck and say " my boy ! " and millie register happiness . Dick tell speak title -- 88 " it 's like a glorify fairy tale . and Mary , who have bring we all together , be a princess - - a dollar princess . her parent will be here any minute ! " question naturally follow and Dick explain in full . Old David be tear between happiness over Mary 's good fortune and the sorrow of lose she . the lovable old man take she into he arm . millie and Dick register sympathy , as they realize how much Old David care for the child . Iris out . Art title --35 there be no alchemy as magic as time in its flight . scene 387 -- exterior . beautiful country mansion . Iris in . a well - groom man and a fashionably though tastefully gown woman ( Mary 's parent ) look on admiringly at Mary , who , dress like a veritable little princess , be play with a exquisite scotch collie . blend into scene 388--close - up of Mary and collie . Iris out . scene 389 -- Interior . harmon 's office as in scene 121 . Iris in . harmon , he superior air go , be the picture of dejection as he read a copy of the New York Times . insert--11 the day' business failure stannard manufacactur Co. Henry harmon Corporation . kornheimer & leavitt , Inc. A. J. drummond & Co. harmon look blankly ahead of he . Iris out . scene 390 -- Interior . sing sing prison . Iris in . Close - up of Reagan glaring savagely through bar at scene 391 -- Close - up of Karl glaring back . he be presumably in another cell on same tier . scene 392 -- back to 390 . Reagan , as before . he show he tooth . Iris out . scene 393 -- exterior . Iris in on new building with legend dick and millie hammond' gymnasium prominently display . blend into scene 394 -- Interior . up-to-date gymnasium . millie and Dick watch a number of young man and woman in gym tog engage in various muscle - building diversion -- box , handball , indian club , bag punch , etc . blend into scene 395 -- Close - up of Dick and millie look at each other , a world of love in the eye of each . Iris out . scene 396 -- Iris in on door with legend the gotham conservatory of music David schwartz , director prominently display . blend into scene 397 -- Interior . opulently - furnish studio , with beautiful grand piano in one corner . Old David play he beloved old violin . the melody bring thought of Mary and the old man stop play and , put down violin , take up photo of Mary in silver frame and show by he action that he miss she . tear come into eye as he look at photograph ; then he hear he name call , and , a expression of great happiness on he face , he turn and see scene 398 -- Close - up of Mary , dress like a princess , smile sweetly at he from doorway . scene 399 -- back to 397 . Old David put down photograph and , uttering a glad cry , go to Mary , who meet he in center of room . he take she into he arm . she regards he affectionately as she say : speak title -- 89 " papa and mamma want you to teach I to play the violin . then I can come to see you every day ! " this make Old David very happy and he kiss she sweetly . Art title -- 36 pure gold from the crucible that be New York ! scene 400 -- a close - up of Old David and Mary in shaft of golden sunlight . ( this effect can be obtain by tinting strip amber , or , better still , by hand - coloring . consult prizma . ) Old David be play he beloved violin , a expression of beatific happiness on he face , and Mary be seat on a cushion at he foot , look up at he , a world of affection in she eye . Iris out . the end. screenplay ( " precisely as purchase by the producer " ) by willard King Bradley Inside secret of photoplay write and birth Control here be three paragraph from screenwriter willard King Bradley 's 1926 book Inside secret of photoplay write _ , in which he discuss the inspiration for he 1920 script " empty arm " ( he note that " of all my picture it be probably the most successful , both artistically and commercially " and claim it gross over half a million dollar ) : ' I be seek a theme for a photoplay of large dimension -- I have just receive a order from a producer to write such a photoplay -- when a article favor birth control fall into my hand . the writer of it , a woman , be deadly oppose to child - bear . in she opinion ( though ! how she learn be one of that mystery which defy solution , since she profess to be a spinster ) motherhood be a scourge , a insult , a stone around the neck of modern womanhood . I do not agree with she . I see in motherhood only that which be beautiful and god-like . I ached to write a answer to she nature - flaunt " expos@ . " then out of the air come the question : why not write a photoplay flay the evil of birth control and glorify motherhood ? " a dozen plot present themselves . I write a number of they , then start all over again . my first effort sound too much like a sermon ; my second like a physician 's treatise . I realize that , first of all , the story must entertain . the photoplay fan pay they quarter to be entertained , not to be preach to . so I sugar-coate the pill by make the propaganda subservient to the dramatic action . ' after another effort I succeed in complete a single - track theme about a woman , a pampere daughter of the upper ten , who , through prejudice and fear , balk at maternity . then for dramatic contrast , I rewrote the story , employ another woman , who welcome motherhood . this do , I decide to give the fan a '' run for they money " by inject a fight , a head - on train wreck collision , and a fashionable party bear the more or less intrigue designation of " pagan revel . " ' later in the book , the author helpfully include the first page or so of he script . the open title read : '' we message be not for the mother of the world -- they have already do they splendid share -- but for that marry woman who , through fear , ignorance , vanity and prejudice , wilfully violate his Supreme Command . " this be follow by a dissolve to a close - up of the Bible , over which be superimpose the Supreme Command : " increase multiply ... and replenish the earth ! " the open scene find Diane , the pampere daughter of a copper magnate , read a novel call " sex and Society " : ' as she think over what she have read , Diane bite she lip . rising , she close she eye . then as a sudden think strike she , she raise she hand to she mouth with a gesture betoken terror and exclaim : speak title " I will not -- I will not marry Bruce ! " ' for some reason , the author do not tell we more about the fight , the head - on train wreck collision , or the " pagan revel . " too bad -- that would have really give we a run for we money . mind you , this be he most artistically successful picture .