sign by M. night shyamalan fade in : int . window - morning we be look out a second story window of a house . the backyard be large and green with a wooden jungle gym , wear from use . a single tree throw shade onto a barbecue and a picnic table . the backyard be line by crop . corn. Golden and brown . six foot high . everything be perfect . like a postcard . and then we hear a child scream . it's far away . we don't know where it's coming from . CUT to : int . bedroom - morning graham hess wake up from he sleep . he think he hear something . he listen . he hear the heater . the refrigerator downstair humming . the occasional bird outside chirping . Graham climb out of bed . he move in he pajama pants and white barron 's minor league baseball T-shirt towards the bedroom door . CUT to : int . hall landing - morning Graham stand in the hall landing where three bedroom door meet . he move to the door that have child 's drawing tape to it . he put he ear close . listen . beat . he relax . Graham lean down and pick up two ball up sweat sock and a child 's sweater from the hallway floor . he put it in the hallway hamper before head back into he bedroom . CUT to : int . bathroom - morning a bathroom door be open . we hear the sink running . we hear the sound of teeth be brushed . outside the bathroom on the bedroom wall be the sun fade outline of where a large catholic cross use to hang . it 's ghostly stain forever on the blank wall . a child scream from far away . the water from the sink stop . Graham step into the doorway . toothbrush and foam in he mouth . he become very still . CUT to : int . children' bedroom - morning the bedroom door burst open . Graham step into he child 's room . there be child 's book everywhere . overflow off shelf . pile in corner . Graham 's eye move to the small messy bed . they be both empty . CUT to : int . garage bedroom - morning we hear the voice of two child now . there scream float into a darkened bedroom over the garage . merrill hess throw the bed sheet off himself as he swing onto he foot in one quick motion . he be hyper-awake . merrill be in he late twenty . he be well build . his muscle be tense as he stand in he red bikini brief and look around bewilder . CUT to : ext . backyard - morning Graham bang open the back screen door and run into the backyard . he spin as he look around . merrill , now with a T-shirt and jeans , rumble down the side stair adjacent to the garage building . merrill and Graham make eye contact as they approach each other across the yard . merrill where be they ? Graham look around -- panic grow in he eye . child ( yell in the distance ) daaaad ! Graham and merrill in unison turn in the direction of the yelling . they look away from the house , across the yard and into the thick wall of crop . CUT to : ext . crop - morning the tall stalk of corn smack Graham and merrill 's face as they run through the crop . a little girl appear in the crop thirty foot ahead of they like a apparition . she be in she nightgown . she be four . they reach she fast . she stand unaware of they in a daze . her hair be mess from sleep . graham bo where 's Morgan ? bo stand peacefully lose in she thought . beat . graham bo ? bo finally look at she father . beat . she smile softly . bo be you in my dream too ? beat . graham this be not a -- boy ( o.s. ) dad ! Graham look in the direction of the boy' voice . he 's close . Graham pick up bo and rush through the crop . he find morgan stand with he hand in the pocket of he pajama bottom . dog be barking nearby . graham Morgan what 's happen ? Graham put bo on the ground and move right in front of Morgan . the ten -year old boy look deep in think . Graham take hold of Morgan 's chin and turn he face so he 's look straight at he . graham be ... you ... hurt ? beat . Morgan 's eye reveal he 's come to some answer . morgan I think God do it . beat . the dog keep barking . graham do what Morgan ? Morgan take hold of he father 's unshaven chin and turn he face . Graham be force to look to he right . beat . Graham see something . Graham hess slowly rise to he foot . he start move forward towards something . he walk through a thin layer of crop and emerge in a clear . two german shepherd be run back and forth . they be clearly agitate . Graham look around at the thousand of corn stalk lying flat on the ground . they lay in a gigantic circle , a hundre feet wide . Graham hess look around in a daze as he walk out into the center . merrill , bo and Morgan follow he . the dog keep run and bark as we pull back and reveal the four member of the hess family stand in the middle of this perfect , gigantic circle . we keep pulling back to expose this eerie design -- five hundre feet wide -- sitting in the middle of a endless , untouched corn field . legend : " buck county pennsylvania ... thirty mile outside philadelphia " CUT to : ext . backyard - lunchtime Graham hold he hand over the barbecue to see if it 's at the right temperature . the other hand hold a cordless phone to he ear . graham ( into phone ) ... Lee actually the reason I be call be about lionel . Graham stoke the coal with a long barbecue fork . graham ( into phone ) be he at home last night with you or be he out and about with the wolfington brother ? Graham move around from behind the barbecue and head towards the house . graham ( into phone ) well , there be a little mischief do to we crop last night . beat . graham ( into phone ) I know he 's a fine boy ... no one 's say otherwise . Graham step through the back screen door into he kitchen . Graham hold the phone a little closer and talk in a hushed voice . graham ( into phone ) listen Lee , I do not even mind if it be he . you could just talk to he and that would be enough for I ... see it be kind of strange find the crop like that . the kid be ... confuse by it . it would take the strangeness away if we know it be lionel and the wolfington brother just mess around ... ( beat , listen ) the movie ... ( beat ) be you sure ? ( beat ) okay , then ... thank you for you patience Lee . Graham turn off the phone . he turn to put it on the counter and realize he child be seat on the kitchen floor with one of they two german shepherd . there be a large puddle on the kitchen tile . morgan houdini peed . I think he 's sick . Graham look at the majestic dog . it 's shiver . graham take he outside . I will call Dr. reynold . Morgan and bo lead they dog out with worried expression on they face . Graham grab a handful of paper towel and place it on the puddle of urine . the doorbell ring with Graham still on he knee on the kitchen floor . he lean back so he can see down the hall . a bald police officer stand on the other side of the screen door . graham that be quick Edgar . I only call you boy about two hour ago . officer edgar paski nod that he know . officer paski Mrs. kindleman twisted she ankle as she put it , " diving for she life " when a bunch of school kid ride down the sidewalk on skateboard . she go down to thorton 's store this morning and start spitting on the new skateboard . spit ! by the time I get there , Mrs. kindleman have spray the whole damn place ... she must have have a cold or something . it be enough to turn a grow man 's stomach . beat . Graham stare at Officer paski . officer paski so what happen to you crop ? CUT to : ext . backyard jungle gym - lunchtime bo walk from the house with a large glass of water . she move to houdini , who sit in the shade by the picnic table . Morgan poke the barbecue fork into two meat patty on the grill . he place two piece of cheese on the hamburger , before walk over to houdini . the two child sit down in the grass with the dog . bo be about to pour the glass of water into the dog bowl . she stop . take a tiny sip of the water first . she hold the glass out to Morgan . bo I think it 's contaminate . morgan you do not even know what that word mean . he drink . morgan it 's not contaminate . it 's just tap water . pour it in he bowl . bo it taste funny . morgan he lick he butt everyday . he 's not go to mind . bo shrug and pour it into the bowl . beat . houdini just sit stare at they . he be not shiver . he do not drink . he be unnaturally still . bo push the bowl closer . houdini move ... bo' hand pull back ... houdini be jaw SNAP shut in the AIR where her hand used to be . he be just a fraction of a second later ... beat . the child turn white . morgan houdini ? houdini begins to growl . bo stand up . morgan bo do not run . houdini crouch down . morgan what 's wrong boy ? the dog's growl become deep , menacing . morgan stop it houdini ! the german shepherd tremble . his body tighten . he 's about to leap . beat . morgan ( soft ) bo , run . CUT to : ext . crop - lunchtime Officer Edgar paski stand face Graham fifty foot away . they be on opposite end of the crop circle . beat . the crop all around they sway as the wind blow . beat . Officer paski yell over the wind . officer paski ( yell ) it 's the strangest thing Father . graham ( yell ) do not call I Father . officer paski ( yell ) what 's that ? graham ( yell ) do not call I Father . it 's just Graham now . officer paski ( yell ) sorry . they stand in awkward silence fifty foot away from each other . beat . graham ( yell ) you say something be strange . what 's strange ? officer paski ( yell ) the footprint . graham ( yell ) what about they ? officer paski ( yell ) there be none . CUT to : ext . corn crop - lunchtime Officer paski 's knee touch the ground . he point to a single stalk of corn lay flat on it 's side . officer paski ( soft ) look at where it 's bent over . Graham stand next to he and lean in . the joint where the stalk bend from the ground be a perfect " L " . graham it 's not break . officer paski what kind of machine can bend a stalk of corn over without crack it ? Graham look around at the hundred of thousand of corn stalk bent over each other in a perfect wave . graham ( softy ) can not be by hand ... it 's too perfect . beat . officer paski do not sound much like lionel prichard and the wolfington brother . they can not take a piss without wetting the front of they pants . Graham , nod in agreement . Officer paski stand up . officer paski second thing this week I can not explain . graham what be the first thing ? officer paski some animal around the county exhibit uncharacteristic behavior . sometimes violent behavior . theo Henry have two of he finger bit off by he cow . graham sound like a virus . officer paski no Father , they be edgy . on alert . like they act when they smell a predator around ... peeing on themselves and everything . we see a think catch in Graham 's eye . he turn back and stare in the direction of the house . you can barely see the roof over the crop . beat . graham ( preoccupy ) Edgar , please do not call I Father . the two man stand as the wind blow lightly around they . Officer paski notice the still expression on Graham 's face . officer paski what 's wrong ? beat . graham I do not hear my child . CUT to : ext . backyard - lunchtime Morgan watch the thin line of smoke rise from the char patty on the grill next to the overturn picnic table . Morgan 's attention move as the crop part and he father and Officer paski enter the backyard . they stop cold when they look in he direction . they begin a slow walk towards he . Morgan hess be seat under the jungle gym with houdini on he lap . Morgan be petting houdini 's fur gently . bo be on top of the jungle gym curl up in a ball . as Graham and Officer paski get closer , they see Morgan be cry . then they see the dog be lay on it side and have a barbecue fork deep in its neck . beat . they stare at Morgan as he slowly pull a inhaler from he pocket and bring it to he mouth . he inhale the asthma spray . beat . he lower the inhaler so he can speak . morgan ( soft ) he want to kill bo . beat . Graham stare at he ten-year old son . graham do he hurt you ? beat . Morgan nod , " no . " his tough exterior break as he face start to tremble . he start cry . Graham pick he up in he arm . graham ( whisper in he ear ) I be so sorry Morgan . Graham reach up for bo . she have dirt and tear on she face . beat . she slowly climb down . Graham carry both he child as they cry in he arm . he start towards the house . merrill walk out from the back hold a bowl of food . merrill I use a little tabasco in the potato salad . merrill see houdini lie under the jungle gym . bo houdini 's sick . graham please tie up isabelle to the back of the shed . make sure the knot 's tight . merrill stand still with potato salad in he hand . he nod . the child watch over they father 's shoulder as merrill run to they other german shepherd sit quietly near the house and lead she by she collar across the yard to the shed . Graham reach the porch of he house and open the screen door . the last thing the child see as they enter the house , be the image of Officer paski pull the barbecue fork out of they dead dog 's neck . CUT to : int . bedroom - late evening Graham lie in bed . he rest he cheek against the pillow as he lie by himself . graham they be tough cookie , that two . they think houdini 's play with you up there . ( beat ) at least it get they to sleep . Graham stare off . beat . he smile a little . graham okay miss puzzle master . I get one for you ... what can make geometric shape the size of a football field ... and what would scare every animal in this county ? ( beat ) have you figure it out yet ? ( smile ) you probably have ... ( beat ) give I a hint colleen ... be it bigger than a bread box ? dissolve to : ext . house - night the large hess farm house sit in the moonlight . a million cricket and bug fill the night AIR with SOUND . they suddenly stop . a unnatural silence fill the yard . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Graham open he eye slowly as he stir from he sleep . his daughter bo stare at he from the edge of the bed . she be five inch away from he face . Graham get startle . graham what 's the matter ? bo I see a monster . can I have a glass of water ? beat . graham what 's wrong with the water next to you bed ? bo it taste old . Graham slowly get up from the bed . he take he daughter 's hand and start out of the room . graham what 's the rule about get up in the middle of the night ? bo only for pee or poop . graham right . Graham lead he four- year old daughter down the darken hall . CUT to : int . children' bedroom - night Morgan 's body be half off he bed . Graham gently lift he back onto the pillow and cover he up . there be two glass of water on bo 's bedside table . Graham move to bo 's bed . he sit on the edge of it . she stare back at he as she hold she panda . graham ( soft ) what be you think about ? bo ( soft ) why do you talk to mom when you be by yourself ? beat . graham ( soft ) it make I feel better . bo ( soft ) do she ever answer back ? graham ( soft ) no . bo ( soft ) she do not answer I either . beat . they both sit quietly for a moment . Graham 's eye drift to the bedroom window . a large silhouetted figure stand on the roof in the darkness and stare at he . the figure move . he shadow pass over the children' bedroom as he jump from the roof . Graham stand . he look to he daughter with startle eye . bo ( soft ) get under a blanket . they can not get you under the blanket . CUT to : int . family room - night grey snow fill the screen . merrill sleep in front of the family room television . a hand gently shake he . merrill wake and look up at he brother zipping up he overcoat . CUT to : ext . front door - night merrill quickly put on he boot at the front door . merrill okay , this guy be try to scare we . he 's mess with we property , he 's come around the house . it 's time for a ass whoopin ' ! graham this be not a intelligent way to approach this . merrill open the front door . it 's pitch black outside . merrill turn to Graham and gesture with he finger . merrill ( whisper ) we both go outside and move around the house in opposite direction . we act crazy , insane with anger . make he crap in he pants and force he around till we meet up on the other side . merrill bring he finger together at the end of a circle . graham ( whisper ) explain , act crazy ? merrill ( whisper ) curse and stuff . graham ( whisper ) I be not go to curse . merrill ( whisper ) you do not mean it . it 's just for show . graham ( whisper ) it do not sound natural when I curse . merrill ( whisper ) just make noise then . graham ( whisper ) explain noise . merrill ( whisper ) be you go to do this or what ? graham ( whisper ) no I be not . merrill ( whisper ) you want he come in the house next time ? beat . they hear movement outside . merrill and Graham look out into the darkness . merrill ( hushed tone ) on the count of three . ( beat ) one ... two ... three . merrill and Graham go out the front door in opposite direction . CUT to : ext . merrill's side of house - night merrill be in a full sprint . he hug the side of the building as he run . merrill we be gonna beat you ass bitch ! CUT to : ext . graham' side of house - night Graham run through the darkness around the first corner of the house . he wave he arm . graham ahhhh ... I be insane with anger . Graham spot a large figure darting around the corner ahead of he . graham I have lose my mind ! it 's time for a ass whoopin ' ! CUT to : ext . merrill's side of house - night merrill turn a corner full speed . the large figure have come to a stop in the shadow ahead of he . he seem to blend into the darkness when he's still . merrill I be gonna tear you head off ! merrill charge . we just make out movement in the darkness as the figure disappear around the corner . CUT to : ext . side of house - night Graham and merrill come scream around two corner and come to a stop face each other . beat . they look around , panting heavily . graham I curse . merrill I hear . Graham 's eye drift above they . graham he 's on the roof . they follow the roof around the corner . they find themselves in the backyard . they eye catch movement away from the house . they just catch a glimpse of the large figure as he disappear into the crop . the swing on the swing set be still move from be hit . they stare across the yard silently . all we hear be there heavy breathing . merrill ( v.o . ) it be very dark . graham ( v.o. ) yes it be . CUT to : ext . porch - day Officer Edgar paski stand on the porch with he note pad open . he face Graham and merrill . officer paski you can not describe he at all ? do not you think that 's find of odd ? graham it do seem kind of odd do not it ? officer paski I do not know whether to look for a midget or a -- graham he definitely be not a midget . officer paski okay . ( beat ) so he be tall ? graham ( to merrill ) I would say so . merrill probably . officer paski over six foot ? beat . merrill it be very dark . graham yes , it be . officer paski we have establish that . ( beat ) just tell I about he clothing then . Graham and merrill stare at Edgar paski . officer paski be he wear a Scottish kilt or jeans ? they keep stare . Edgar close he pad . officer paski let I ask you two something . do not be embarrassed by the answer . it be possible ... just possible now , you might have be chase each other around ? you say you go in opposite direction . graham Edgar , it sound as strange to I say it , as it be to you hearing it . but we could not see he . he stay mostly in the shadow . all we could make out be movement . ( beat ) but I will tell you something with absolute certainty . there be someone watch we house last night . he be look in my child 's window and I want you to find he edgar. ( beat ) I need you to take this seriously , just incase , it be something serious . the three man stand in the doorway . Edgar open he pad . officer paski I apologize . Morgan walk up to the front door . he hold up a baby monitor . morgan can I use bo 's old baby monitor as a walkie-talkie ? graham yes . morgan it need battery . graham Edgar , come inside . the three man follow Morgan into the house . they pass through the family room where bo stand at the television . she be stare at the screen . on the screen be aerial footage from a helicopter . the footage be of a large field with enormous circle and diamond carve into its crop . bo change the channel . she find a cartoon . she sit down on the sofa . Morgan and the man , can not see the screen , and move into the kitchen . officer paski how certain be you , that this be a male ? merrill I do not know any girl can run like that . Graham open one of the cabinet and pull down some battery . he hand they to Morgan . morgan this be D 's ; I need double a 's . graham I have some upstairs . Graham start out of the kitchen . officer paski I do not know merrill . I have see some of that woman on the Olympic . they could out run I easy . they all move into the family room . bo watch cartoon . the cartoon music and cartoon prat fall fill the room . merrill this guy get on the roof in like a second . graham bo , can you turn down the volume until Officer paski leave ? bo nod and move to the television . the pack of man follow Graham up the stair . merrill that roof be over ten foot high . graham he 's tell you the truth , Edgar . whoever it be , be very strong and can jump pretty high . they arrive on the landing and follow Graham into he bedroom . he move into he bathroom . they all move in with he . officer paski they get woman 's high jump in the Olympic . they get this scandinavian woman who could jump clean over I . Graham take the clock radio from the sink . tries to open the back . graham shoot , it need a screw driver . I have double a 's in here . Graham wave the radio . the man and Morgan move out of the bathroom . graham I know you be make a point Edgar . I just do not know what it be . they move down the stair . officer paski yesterday afternoon , a out of town woman stop by the diner and start yell and cussing cause they do not have she favorite cigarettes at the vend machine . scare a couple of customer . no one 's see she since ... my point be , we do not know anything about the person you see . we should just keep all possibility available . they move through the family room . bo 's cartoon be replace by a special report news icon . bo dad , where 's the remote ? bo start look around the couch . Graham stop before enter the kitchen . the group stop with he . he look at bo search the couch . he walk over to the television . there be three glass of water on the tv set . he stand next to the set . do not see what 's on the screen . graham bo , you be too old to still be do this . the rule be , you take a glass of water , you finish it . ( beat ) now what 's wrong with this one ? bo stop look through the sofa cushion and look to she father . look at the glass . bo there 's dust in it . graham this one ? bo a hair . graham this one ? bo Morgan take a sip . it have he amoebas in it . beat . bo turn back to she search . Graham tuck the clock radio under he arm and collect the three glass . he head towards the kitchen . merrill exclude the possibility that a female scandinavian olympian be run around outside we house last night , what else be a possibility ? officer paski I be not do ask question and I do not appreciate the sarcasm . they follow Graham and Morgan through the swinging door into the kitchen . Graham put the glass in the sink with a group of other half - fill water glass and open the drawer to pull out a screwdriver . he start open the clock radio . officer paski do you have anyone who might have a grudge or something against you ? maybe a church member , who might not have like the fact , that you leave the church ? Graham look at Edgar . graham I do not think so . officer paski do you owe anybody money ? you can tell I off the record if you need too . graham no . merrill no . Morgan hand Graham the baby monitor and Graham start replace the battery . officer paski be anything miss ? graham no . Graham hand Morgan the monitor . he turn it on . there be a static crackle with spike of SOUND . morgan it 's still make the noise . it 's break . graham it 's old Morgan . Morgan head out of the kitchen . merrill listen , I be out of line with that whole female scandinavian olympian thing . Edgar nod . merrill it 's just that , I be pretty strong and pretty fast . and I be run as fast as I could . and this guy ... ( embarrassed smile ) he be just toy with we . beat . merrill walk out of the kitchen . Graham watch Edgar think it over . CUT to : int . family room - day Graham move to a windowsill where more glass of water sit . he pick they up . see two more on the coffee table . he give up and put the two glass back on the windowsill . officer paski could everyone just take a seat on the couch . I have some preliminary thought . Morgan sit with he monitor next to bo , who quietly watch the tv . merrill and Graham squeeze in next to Morgan . officer paski there be three possibility here . we will call they one , two and three . the level one scenario be that there be a sane individual , who for real reason want to do you harm . I really do not believe that 's what we be look at here . in my opinion , whoever this be , they do not want to do harm to you all . that 's kind of clear . ( beat ) the level two scenario be , this be a mentally unstable person who 's fixate on you and you family . this be a possibility , but a very slim one . ( beat ) I assure you I will treat all three possibility carefully , but in all likely hood we be look at what we will call a level three scenario . he 's a watcher . someone who this be a game for . he 's lay low . do not want to be see . but he want to watch you . Study you folk . Officer paski walk towards the window . Graham , merrill and Morgan follow he with they eye . Officer paski walk next to the television . on the screen with the SOUND almost mute , be a aerial shot from a helicopter . a different one than before . the footage be of a vast field of crop . there be two diamond flanking two side of a triangle in the CENTER of the field . Officer paski turn to they . Graham , merrill and Morgan stare at the screen . officer paski now I do not want you all to worry about this no more . you be make more of this than it be . ( beat ) you guy have have a tough couple of day with the vandalism to the crop and the death of you shepherd . ( beat ) maybe you guy should do something fun ? let I worry about this person . let I find out who it be and then -- what the hell be you people look at ? Edgar come around to see the screen . we be on a tv screen . the crop sway in the breeze . a handful of people be waving from the diamond on the field . officer paski I will be damned . graham turn up the volume bo . bo get up . bo I can not find the remote . she press the up arrow on the tv control . tv anchor -- image be shot yesterday afternoon by a thirty - four year old local camera man in kerala , a southern city of India . it be the eighteenth report crop circle find in that country in the last seventy - two hour . the television report cut to Columbia University professor . professor ( tv ) crop circle first emerge in the late seventies with the renew interest in extraterrestrial life . they die out by the early eighty ; dismiss as hoax . this new resurgence be wholly different . element of it be unexplainable . the speed and the quantity in which it have appear imply the coordination of hundred of individual over many country ... ( beat ) there be only a limited amount of explanation . either this be one of the most elaborate hoax ever create , or basically ... ( beat ) it 's for real . Morgan take the asthma inhaler from he pocket and breathes in deeply . morgan ( wonder ) extraterrestrial . officer paski what in God 's name be go on ? beat . the room goe silent as everyone watch the image on the television screen . CUT to : ext . hess driveway - day the two man walk down the driveway to Edgar 's patrol car . officer paski do not ask I what I think . Cause I can not think straight right now . I be go back to the station . have a cup of marcia 's coffee and try to think clear . after that I might make some call . ( beat ) hoaxes ... people get way too much time on they hand . Edgar turn back to Graham . officer paski but I will tell you something , what I say in they , still go . you and you family have be through a lot in the last two day ... not to mention what happen to you all seven month ago . graham six month . Edgar stare at Graham . graham and three week . officer paski it 's leave its mark still . the last thing this child need to do , be worry about some crazy thing happen in the world . take they into town . get they mind -- you mind , on everyday thing . it 's good medicine . graham it 's good advice ... ( beat ) say hi to marcia for I . officer paski you take care of yourself ... ( beat ) Graham . CUT to : ext . station wagon - afternoon we move through back road of buck county . rural pennsylvania in its most beautiful . tree line street . white picket fence . apple orchard . the hess family ride in they station wagon . Graham drive . merrill be shotgun . the child be in the back . Morgan lean forward and turn on the radio . radio voice ... sign intend to be see from the sky -- click . Graham turn it off . graham no radio either ... just for a while . Morgan nod and then plop back into the backseat . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - afternoon downtown buck County . a group of small store along a quiet street . the hess station wagon pull in front of a free parking meter . Graham step out the driver 's side and look around . merrill put change in the meter . Morgan walk up to Graham with bo. morgan Book money . Morgan hold out he hand . Graham give he son a look as he reach into he back pocket . graham only one . Morgan take the money Graham give he , then take bo 's hand and walk down the sidewalk . Graham watch they turn into a store . merrill step onto the sidewalk . hand in he pocket as he walk away . Graham turn and call after he . graham ( call out ) meet back in fifteen minute . merrill wave over he shoulder . he keep walk . Graham start across the street to the pharmacy . CUT to : int . nathan' bookstore - afternoon a mom and pop bookstore . Three isle wide . mr. and mrs . nathan , a couple in they early seventies , sit behind they counter and watch a black and white tv . the picture on the television be of a wheat field . three enormous triangles surround a circle . Morgan step up to the counter . morgan extraterrestrial ? mr. nathan that 's what they keep allude to . it 's just a bunch of crock . they be try to sell soda , plain and simple . I have be watch this report since morning . I have see twelve soda commercial so far . twelve ! morgan do you have book on extraterrestrials ? mr. nathan do not tell I you believe this horse manure ? Morgan shrug . Mrs. Nathan push she husband aside . mrs . nathan as a matter of fact , I think we have one . come by mistake in a shipment . decide to keep it for city people . Mrs. Nathan point over to the far corner . mrs . nathan last row . third book from the leave honey . CUT to : int . pharmacy - afternoon Graham wait at a white counter . a gum chew pharmacist in she early twenty , who look like she 's in she teens , glance through back shelf of medicine as she listen to the radio . radio host ( v.o. ) why be no one say the obvious ? this be just a rash case of copycat . someone , somewhere , do the first one . it 's on tv , it 's on the internet . in less than a hour a couple hundred people get the same brilliant idea and here we be ... on the verge of mass hysteria . pharmacist it be asthma medicine right Father ? graham for Morgan hess . and it 's not Father anymore . the pharmacist look back at Graham and then reach up and turn off the radio . she quietly find the prescription on the shelf and move to the counter across from Graham . she do not ring it up . she just stand there fiddling with the bag hold Morgan 's medicine . beat . pharmacist can I ask you a favor Father ? Graham stare at the girl . beat . he nod " yes . " pharmacist can I take confession with you ? beat . Graham lean forward on the counter and take the girl 's hand in he . he talk very slowly . graham tracey , I -- be -- not -- a -- reverend -- anymore . I have not be for six month . you know this . beat . when tracey speak she voice be a bit shaky . tracey all this stuff on tv ... ( beat ) Joe gill be in here talk about the end of the world ... I be just a little scared . ( beat ) please . I need to take confession with you . Graham look at the young girl 's teary eye . he exhales slowly . CUT to : int . army recruiting office - afternoon merrill stare up at a poster with a muscular guy in a Army uniform stand at attention on a beach . we be in a narrow army recruiting CENTER . Inside the small storefront space be a desk . a gentleman sport a crewcut sit behind it . a young man , merrill 's age , sit at a side card table fill out some form . crewcut guy I get it figure . merrill realize the crewcut guy be talk to he . merrill you do ? crewcut guy I have have two separate folk tell I they think there be stranger around this part the last couple of night . can not tell what they look like , cause they be stay in the shadow -- covert like . no one 's get hurt mind you ... and that 's the give away . merrill ( do not see ) I see . crewcut guy it 's call probing . it 's a military procedure . you send a reconnaissance group , very small , to check out thing . not to engage , but to evaluate the situation . evaluate the level of danger . make sure thing be all clear ... merrill clear for what ? the crewcut guy savor the beat of silence . crewcut guy ... for the rest of they . it take a second , but merrill smile . the crewcut guy smile back . merrill point at a poster . merrill you have a pamphlet or something I can read ? the crewcut guy reach to a stack of brochure . pick the top brochure and hand it to merrill . the crewcut guy begin to stare at merrill closely . crewcut guy hey you do not use to play baseball do you ? merrill look up from the brochure . beat . crewcut guy shit . I know you . you be merrill hess . I be there that day you hit that five hundred and eighty seven footer over the leave field wall and set the record . that thing have a motor on it ... it 's still the record right ? merrill not , " yes . " merrill ( soft ) I get the bat at home ... on the wall . crewcut guy you get two minor league home run record do not you ? beat . merrill five . the five longest . crewcut guy Boy , why be not you in the pro make stack of cash and get handfuls of T and a ? young man ( o.s. ) Cause he also have the minor league strike out record . merrill turn to the young man , about he age , who sit at the fold table . merrill hello lionel . lionel smirk . lionel he would just swing as hard as he could every time . it do not matter what the coach say , do not matter who be on base , he would whip that bat through the air as hard as he could ... look like a lumber jack chopping down a tree . ( beat ) merrill here , strike out more time than any two player . beat . crewcut guy you really hold the strike out record ? beat . merrill tuck the pamphlet in he jacket . look like he 's not go to say anything . when he do , the word be soft and wear ; they have be say a hundred time . merrill felt wrong not to swing . beat . the crewcut guy shake he head . merrill turn and start walk . as he pass lionel , merrill make a small , quick move in lionel 's direction , like he might hit he . lionel flinch and cover he face . merrill walk out the door of the army recruiting office . CUT to : int . pharmacy - afternoon pharmacist I curse thirty - seven time last week ... I say the f-word a couple time , but mostly " shit " and " bastard . " ( beat ) be " douche bag " a curse ? Graham glance at the girl as she sit sideways to he at the counter . graham I suppose it 's in its usage . pharmacist how about " John you be a douche bag for kissing Barbara ? " graham that 's a curse . pharmacist then it 's not thirty - seven . it 's seventy - one . Graham 's eye widen . pharmacist I steal a bottle of Ruby red lip stick from k -mart ... I punch my brother in the back three time ... Graham look around the empty store for help . CUT to : int . nathan' bookstore - afternoon bo sit at a tiny read table and drink a glass of water . there be another glass , half - full , on she table . Mrs. Nathan watch as the little girl take careful sip . beat . bo look up with a grimace . bo it 's contaminate . mrs . nathan yell to mr . nathan at the front of the store . mrs . nathan Carl , there 's something wrong with we water ! Morgan do not look up from the extraterrestrial book . morgan you water be fine . bo have a thing about she drink water . she 's have it she whole life . like a tick people have . except it 's not a tick . mrs . nathan ( fascinate ) be that right ? bo shrug . she place the glass she sipped on the table with the other glass . Mrs. Nathan stare at the four-year old . mr. nathan ( o.s. ) thirteen ! everyone turn to the front of the store where Mr. Nathan point to the tv screen . a Coke cola commercial be on . beat . Mrs. Nathan turn back to find Morgan hold out the extraterrestrial book to she . morgan I will take it . CUT to : ext . station wagon - afternoon merrill , Morgan and bo be wait in the park car . beat . the driver 's side open and Graham sit in . merrill pharmacy crowded ? graham I do not want any one of you spend time with tracey abernathy alone . be that understand ? beat . everyone nod , " yes . " Graham put the key in the ignition and turn the car on . merrill watch as Graham 's hand go to put the car in reverse -- and then stop . Graham be stare out the windshield . merrill follow he stare to a thin , thirty - year old man in a leather jacket come out of a store . merrill 's face change expression too . they both stare as the man pass in front of the car . morgan ( soft ) be that he ? merrill ( soft ) yeah . everyone in the car watch the man in the leather jacket as he step off the sidewalk towards the truck . it 's here that he notice the stare . he glance up to see the face watch he from the station wagon . the leather jackete man keep move to he truck . he get in , turn it on , and without look over to the station wagon , back out of the parking lot . beat . the hess family sit quietly . bo who be he ? nobody say anything for the longest time . morgan he 's the man who kill mom . Graham put the station wagon in reverse and back out into the street . CUT to : ext . hess home - afternoon the sky be golden red . the crop sway hypnotically in a gentle breeze . the hess station wagon pull into they driveway . it come to a stop in front of the house . the engine go off . no one get out . CUT to : int . station wagon - afternoon all four sit quietly not get out . a muffled spike of noise be heard from the back seat . Graham and merrill turn and see Morgan pull the baby monitor out of he jacket . he hold it in he lap . beat . morgan what if bo 's baby monitor be pick up signal from the extraterrestrials ? beat . merrill all this crop stuff . they do it twenty - five year ago . it be a joke . the monitor spike with a sudden crackle . morgan pull it away from he ear . graham it 's just static Morgan . turn it up and see . Morgan turn a knob on the side . the volume suddenly jump up on the monitor . we hear beeps in the static . the red light on the front of the baby monitor light up with each beep . morgan it 's a code . graham let I see that please . Morgan hand Graham the monitor in the front seat . the beeps come and go as they get cover by the static . merrill it 's noise . graham it 's break Morgan . it will just keep do this . ( beat ) let 's get out of the car okay ? morgan we might lose the signal . graham we can not just sit in the car in we own driveway like this . merrill we will look like mental patient . beat . nobody get out of the station wagon . graham I be get out now . morgan do not do it . Graham pull the handle . his door open . he wait before get out . the other three station wagon door open right after . outside car Graham stand and close he driver side door . the monitor change sound . the beeping disappear . the static become louder , become a moving , swirling SOUND texture . morgan nobody move ! everyone become freeze , stand next to the station wagon . Three of the door be open . in the texture of SOUND , just for a moment , we hear something that sound like ... morgan voice . do you hear that ? everyone stare at the baby monitor in Graham 's hand . morgan not English though . you hear the voice right uncle merrill ? bo I hear they Morgan . Graham do not move he arm . he keep it out in the air where he have it as he close he door . Graham look to merrill over the roof of the station wagon . graham it 's probably pick up another baby monitor . merrill that 's right . the swirling texture SOUND float through the AIR above the station wagon . merrill let I see it . beat . Graham move . he hand the monitor over the hood . merrill reach for it . the swirling , moving texture become loud and filled with unintelligible noise . morgan stop ! Graham and merrill freeze -- both touch the monitor over the roof of the station wagon . we hear something that sound like a voice emerge and then quickly fade away . morgan it do not sound like word . merrill concentrate on the swirling moving texture coming from the baby monitor . Graham look around at he rapt family . graham see this be why we be not watch that news report . people get obsessed . ( beat ) I be let go now . bo no dad ! morgan do not do it ! merrill you will lose the signal ! Graham look at merrill , who 's now one of they . beat . Morgan be the first one to move . morgan do not let go . he move from the back passenger door to the back bumper where he begin to climb onto the station wagon . graham Morgan ? morgan it get clearer , the higher you hold it . Morgan crawl on the roof and take the monitor ever - so gently out of Graham and merrill 's outstretch hand . graham Morgan , be careful . merrill I get he . merrill climb up over the side and join Morgan on the roof . merrill keep a hand on he nephew . Morgan raise the monitor above he head . the red light on the baby monitor all turn on . the swirling texture coming from the monitor become something more mechanical , like the hum of large equipment in the distance . the voice like sound be under a crackle but be clearer and louder . bo run to the front bumper and climb onto the hood . graham hold on . Graham cut she off by take a seat on the hood . he take hold of bo . all four be on the car now . Morgan stand up on the roof of the station wagon . merrill hold he by the waist . bo try to get up onto the roof by climb over Graham and the windshield . Graham boost she up over he head with both hand . graham merrill you get she . merrill reach out he free hand . bo reach out to he . the SOUND from the monitor suddenly change . morgan stop ! everyone stop exactly where they be . Graham hold bo over he head . bo reach out to merrill . merrill sit on the roof with one arm out . Morgan stand with the baby monitor raise high in the air . the hess family remain very still on the hood of they station wagon as they listen . the crackling be gone . the voice - like sound be clear and upfront . there be two distinct tone in the mix . morgan ( soft ) there 's two of they talk . the voice - like sound be not word but more like grunt and gurgling like someone drowning . the sound be be create by inhales , not exhales . a sequence of these sound in one tone be followed by silence and then the second tone begins another sequence like a conversation . Graham struggle to hold bo up . bo struggle to keep she arm out . merrill struggle not to turn he face to the incredible sound above he head . the tone escalate in volume . Morgan 's eye widen as the sequence of sound become shorter and faster . the tone become harder , angrier . the silences almost gone . the voice - like tone reach a loud feverish pace , almost violent and then we hear a click and they 're gone . beat . everyone look up at the baby monitor . the red light be off . only the bland hum of normal static come from it's speaker . beat . morgan ( soft ) they hang up . Graham bring bo down into he lap . Morgan take a seat next to merrill on the roof . the hess family sit like mental patient on the top of they station wagon . CUT to : ext . backyard - evening we be at the edge of the crop looking back at the house . the light be on in the kitchen . we see Graham , merrill and the child do dish after dinner . the dog be barking furiously . our view turn to look at the barn through the crop . isabelle , the remain german shepherd be tie to a post outside the barn . the dog whip back and forth frantically . she keep look in we direction . we hear a screen door OPEN . we turn to look back at the house . Graham step out the back screen door with a bowl of dog food and a bowl of water . we watch he as he walk towards the frantic dog . when he get close , Graham slow . he approach the dog carefully . he place the two bowl close but not too close . the dog have no interest in they . she keep bark and glaring in we direction . Graham watch she for a few moment , and then turn and look directly at US from across the yard . we pull back into the darkness of the crop . CUT to : ext . barn - evening Graham stand freeze look across he yard . isabelle , the dog turn in desperate circle behind he . Graham 's eye stay focus on the same point in the darkness . he talk to no one . graham you know something ? even entertaining the possibility of this for a minute have be exciting . beat . Graham start to move . graham I can see how people can get carry away with this type of thing . Graham reach the barbecue area . there 's a flashlight on the picnic table . Graham turn the flashlight on . a narrow beam fall on the grass five feet ahead of he . Graham start toward the crop . graham it 's a kind of faith . it 's a intoxicating thing to believe in something you can not see . the beam of light fall on the wall of corn crop lining the backyard . Graham step right up to they . he hesitates and then step into the field of corn crop . we can not see two foot in any direction . six foot stalk of corn line Graham on all side . the flashlight throws a wavering beam on the crop ahead of he . graham you be always good at that ... the beam of he flashlight find a narrow path . Graham start follow it . his shoulder brush crop on either side . graham believe in thing you could not see . ( beat ) you would have be the first person on that station wagon would not you ? you and Morgan would have be wrestle for that baby monitor . something move up ahead . Graham stop . he shine he light down the path . nothing but crop disappear into darkness . graham it will be secretly kind of sad for everybody , when this turn out to be -- all just make believe . there's movement right next to he . Graham spin and aim the flashlight at the crop to he right . the light only penetrate a few feet into the crop . graham ( yell ) you be waste you time here ! I be not go to report this or anything you do to I crop , to the news or tv or anybody ! you be not go to get famous ! beat . there be no response . graham can hear he own breathing ... it sound heavy , echoish ... like there's two of he . beat . Graham hold he breath . the SOUND of someone else breathing continue behind he . Graham turn and drop the flashlight at the same time . the beam of light turn off when the flashlight hit the ground . graham be in darkness now . he look in the direction of the breathing . but can't see anything . he own breathing be fast and loud now . Graham kneel down and grope in the darkness . his hand search over the ground in all direction . they finally touch the flashlight . Graham quickly fumble with it to find the " on " button . he do . a beam of light shoot across the ground . something powdery white stand five feet away . it instantly move into the darkness . Graham try to get up . he stumble backwards into the crop . he 's tangle in crop as he struggle to rise . he get up and start run . leave and stalk slap he from all direction . he panic . he do not know where he be . there be something coming behind he . Graham make a sudden right turn . he put he hand in front of he to protect he face and eye . he 's run as fast as he can . he hear stalk of corn breaking behind he . another sudden turn , this time leave . Graham emerge into he backyard . Graham keep run across the yard . isabelle bark frantically . when Graham reach the porch stair , he stop and turn . there be no one behind he . the wall of crop fifty foot away sway in the gentle night breeze . Graham gain control of he breathe . he turn and walk to the screen door , slow he breathe down with each step . CUT to : int . kitchen - evening Graham step into the kitchen . his hair be mess . his shirt have a few leave from corn stalk stick to it . he lock the back door . the child do not notice he presence . they be splash each other at the sink as they clean the dinner dish . Graham look through the kitchen doorway to the family room . he see merrill there . merrill 's hand be in he pocket as he stare at the wooden baseball bat mount above the fireplace . merrill do not notice he either . Graham take two step to the kitchen table and slowly take a seat . his breathe be a slow control pant . he run one shaky hand through he hair as he gather himself and think . his kind eye stare down at the ground as he slow he mind . beat . merrill be the first to notice he . he move from where the baseball bat be hang , into the kitchen . as he pass the child at the sink , he turn off the faucet . the child stop play and look up to merrill . they follow he stare to the kitchen table . beat . Graham look up at they . graham ( soft ) okay . ( beat ) let 's turn on the tv . CUT to : int . family room - evening the tv goe on with a click . the screen blows white and then immediately darkness . outline and shape emerge . the SOUND pop on . tv reporter -- first appear fifty two minute ago . the screen fill with crisp black . we be watching video of a night sky over a dense CITY . the thousand light of the CITY fill the bottom of the shaking image . another set of light dot the sky above the CITY . they be arranged in two " v's " side by side . bo put she finger to the screen and count the hover light . bo fourteen . Morgan , merrill and Graham stand silently before the television set . tv anchor Mexico City official as well as U.S. official have confirm that this be not air craft from either government 's airforce . the first sighting be make by a Air Mexico 747 en route from mazatlan to New York as the unidentified craft enter Mexico City air space . they be not detect by radar by either country . beat . merrill the crazy be right . beat . everyone just watch the fourteen light hover on the screen . morgan we have to tape this ... Morgan reach into the pile of video tape under the television stand . he grab one . bo snatch the video as Morgan try to put it into the vcr . bo my ballet recital . Morgan stare at he sister . morgan ( gravely serious ) listen bo . this be very important . everything people have write about in science book be go to change . the history of the world 's future be on the tv right now . we need to record this so you can show you child this tape and say you be there ... ( beat ) for you child bo . bo my ballet recital . morgan dad ! Graham do not take he eye off the screen . graham ( preoccupy ) find another tape . Graham and merrill sit down at the same time on the sofa . they both have the same daze , slow movement . Morgan rummages through the pile of video frantically . he find one and reach for the vcr . morgan uncle merrill , I be use you tape . Morgan slam the tape mark " Bay watch " into the vcr and press record . he 's breathe heavy now . wheezing actually . Morgan move to the sofa and take a seat in between he father and he uncle . bo walk over and squeeze in also . the four of they stare at the television . tv anchor ... you be see a live feed from we NBC affiliate down in Mexico City . the time there be 7:17 pm . this image have not be adjust or enhance in any way . what you be see be real . ( beat ) everything they write in science book be about to change . beat . morgan ( soft ) told you . Morgan bring he asthma spray to he mouth and inhale . dissolve to : int . family room - midnight the family room light be off now . the tv be still on . the SOUND be mute . there be a couple glass of bo 's water on the television now . the fourteen light be still hover on the screen . Morgan be asleep on Graham 's lap . bo be asleep on merrill 's shoulder . merrill ( whisper ) some people be probably think this be the end of the world . Graham turn he sleepy eye away from the screen to merrill . graham ( whisper ) that 's true . merrill look he brother in the eye . beat . merrill ( whisper ) do you think it 's a possibility ? graham ( whisper ) yes . merrill ( whisper ) how can you say that ? graham ( whisper ) that be not the answer you want ? merrill ( whisper ) can you at least pretend to be like you use to be ? give I some comfort ? beat . Graham think it over . graham ( whisper ) ... there be all different way you can tell that there 's someone really there watch out for we . you see sign . sometimes they be little one . you think of someone . the phone ring . they be on the phone ... sometimes they be big , like fourteen light hover over Mexico City . ( beat ) sure , there be a lot of people watch this who think this could be a bad thing . but there be a lot of people watch this , who think it 's a miracle . a sign of God 's existence . it 's all in how you look at thing merrill . ( beat ) what you have to decide be what kind of person you be ? be you the type who believe in miracle and look for sign or be you the kind who believe , thing just happen by chance ? beat . merrill be deep in think . merrill I be at this party once . I be on a couch with Sara mckinney . she be just sit there , look beautiful and stare at I . I go to lean in and kiss she and I realize I have gum in my mouth . I turn and take out the gum . stuff it in my paper cup next to the sofa and turn around . Sara mckinney throw up all over herself . ( beat ) I know the second it happen . it be a miracle . I could have be kissing she when she throw up . that would have scar I for life . I may never have recover . merrill look at the tv screen . beat . merrill I be a miracle man . that light be a miracle . Graham smile . graham ( whisper ) there you go . beat . merrill ( whisper ) so which type be you ? beat . graham ( whisper ) do you feel comfort ? merrill ( whisper ) yes . graham ( whisper ) what do it matter then ? the two of they turn back to the silent screen of the television . it 's a long beat before Graham speak . graham ( whisper ) do you know what colleen 's last word be before they kill she ? beat . merrill turn and stare quietly at he brother . graham ( whisper ) she say , " see " , and then she eye glaze a bit and she say ... " tell merrill to swing away . " merrill 's mouth open a bit . Graham turn and chuckle at he expression . graham ( whisper ) do you know why she say that ? merrill nod , " no . " graham ( whisper ) because the nerve ending in she brain be fire as she die , and some random memory of we at one of you baseball game pop into she head . ( beat ) there be no one watch out for we merrill . we be all on we own . Graham turn back to the television . beat . the light of the television flicker on the face of the two brother as they sit watching in silence . CUT to : int . family room - day Graham 's eye open . daylight fill the family room . he be alone on the couch . alone in the room . he look to the television . it 's not there . Graham move to he foot and look around the room . his eye stop on a extension cord that run from a wall outlet in the family room , across the front hall , and under a closet door . Graham move to the door . we hear muffled television voice . Graham open the closet . merrill look up . he 's seat on a kitchen chair with the television on a roll - away stand cramme in with he . merrill for the kid protection . all they be do be watch tv from five a.m . I feel like they be get obsessed like you say . they should be play furry , furry rabbit or tea party or something right ? graham what 's furry , furry rabbit ? merrill ( point ) that 's a game be not it ? ( beat ) anyway ... ( point at the tv ) there 's be some interesting development . graham what time be it ? merrill eleven a.m . they be go . beat . Graham look at the tv screen . there 's a daylight shot of Mexico City . the sky be empty above it . merrill but they be not really go . we just can not see they . early this morning a bird fly right at the area where the light be hover last night . merrill put a finger in the sky on the screen . merrill it stop dead in the air and fall straight down . merrill 's finger trail to the bottom of the screen . merrill they catch it on tape and they have be play it all morning . they find the bird . his head crush in . when you see the footage it look like the bird fly into a wall in the sky . ( beat ) they think they have some invisible shield thing go , like a optical illusion . graham the bird could have have a heart attack and crush he head when he fall . merrill already think of . two other bird do the same thing a hour later . not as dramatic . they live . but you could see they hit something . Graham look at the empty sky on the screen with different eye . merrill they be still there hover . in fact , some people think there 's more of they now . all over the place . over we even . ( beat ) and there 's a theory about the crop circle now . they think it could be some kind of landmark , visual mapp system -- so they can navigate . coordinate . make sense do not it ? CUT to : int . master bedroom - day we be inside Graham 's bedroom face he bathroom door , which be close . the same sun - fade outline of where a large cross use to hang , be stain on the wall next to the door . Graham open the bathroom door and step out with wet hair . he towel it dry as he move to he bedroom window . we look out the same window we looked out at the very beginning . the backyard be large and green with a wooden jungle gym . a single tree throw shade onto a picnic table . the back of the yard be line by corn crop . Golden and brown . six foot high . the crop go on well beyond we view . Graham stare at they quietly . watch . beat . the SOUND of whispering draw he attention from the window . he listen closely . he child be whispering in the next room . CUT to : int . children' bedroom - day Graham walk into the hall and look in they room . Morgan and bo be seat on the edge of they bed . they have tin foil wrap around they head like a helmet . Graham stare at he child . morgan so the alien can not read we mind . graham oh . morgan they tell you everything in this book . Morgan hold up the book he buy from Nathan 's bookstore . Graham enter the room . the child make space for he on the bed . he take a seat between they . Morgan put the book on he father 's lap . morgan it say they be probably very small -- like my height -- because , as they brain develop , there be no use for physical development . it say they be probably vegetarian , because they would have realize the benefit of such a diet . graham who write this book ? Graham look on the back cover for a picture . there 's none there . morgan scientist who have be persecute for they belief . graham that mean they be unemployed . Morgan close the book . morgan dad , be you go to be serious ? bo point at the book . bo yeah , serious . Graham look at he two child with foil on they head . graham I do not know what get into I . beat . Morgan put the book on he father 's lap . morgan there be picture . beat . Morgan open the tome . morgan Dr. bimboo , one of the author of the book -- graham bimboo ? morgan dad . graham I just ask he name . merrill you have a tone . beat . Graham acknowledge with a nod that he do have a tone . morgan he say there be two reason why extraterrestrial would visit we . Morgan turn the page . morgan to make contact in the spirit of exploration and further the knowledge of the universe . Graham look at a illustration of a small , bulbous head figure shaking hand with a bearded human . morgan or the other reason ... they be hostile . they have use up the resource on they planet and be look to harvest we planet next . Morgan turn the page . there be a picture of a house . a space ship be hover over the home shoot laser beam at it . beat . graham look a little like we house do not it ? Morgan and bo lean in closer to look at the picture . beat . bo the same window . morgan ( soft ) that 's weird . the three of they study the picture of the house . it 's on fire . they eye move to the front yard . there be three body lie dead on the front lawn . two be child . the phone ring . the child scream and cling to they father . there scream die down . the phone ring again . Graham get up . he close the book . graham that 's enough from Dr. bimboo for now . everybody in this house need to calm down and eat some fruit or something . Graham step out into the hallway . he tuck the book under he arm and pick up the phone . phone voice Father . through the phone we hear sudden scuffling , a chair squeal against the floor and then the phone disconnect . graham hello ? nothing but dead AIR . Graham look at the receiver and then slowly hang it up . Graham walk down the hall to a small window . the window look down the driveway and out onto the road . Graham stare into the distance . about a half - mile away we see the tip of a house . Graham gaze at it for a beat . CUT to : int . front hall - day Graham come down the stair with he overcoat on . he move to the closet door and knock on it before open it . merrill look up from the television . graham I be go out for a few minute . no one leave this house . no one . merrill nod . merrill where be you go ? graham Ray reddy 's house . Graham start down the hall . merrill step out of the closet for the first time . he look down the hall shocked . merrill why ? Graham unlock the front door . graham I think he just call here . CUT to : int . children' bedroom - day blue sky -- our view move over cloud . we be looking through some kind of lens . bo ( o.s. ) you do not think something bad will happen do you Morgan ? Morgan pull he eye away from the telescope that be set up on the window seat in he room . morgan why , you get one of you feel again ? bo nod , " yes . " morgan be it bad ? bo nod , " yes " slowly . morgan if it do , I will not let anything bad happen to you . bo hug Morgan tight . bo ( soft ) I do not want you to die . morgan who say I be go to die ? bo keep hugging Morgan . morgan who say I be go to die ? beat . Morgan peel bo 's arm off of he . morgan come on bo . I need to keep a look out . bo let go . Morgan put he eye to the eyepiece of the telescope . CUT to : ext . reddy house - day a mailbox read " R. reddy . " there be a gray and white house at the end of the quarter mile driveway . we see the roof of this house from the hess hallway window . Graham stand at the front door and ring the doorbell again . beat . Graham try to look inside . curtain block he view . Graham walk around the porch . turn the corner of the house . he look in a side window . the view through the window be of a kitchen . the kitchen chair be on there side . the kitchen table itself , be upside down , leaning against a close door . the room be totally wrecked . Graham stand straight up . he look around nervously . he take two step back towards the front of the house and the safety of he station wagon before he notice the GREEN truck park to the side of the house . there be someone sit in it . CUT to : ext . reddy driveway - day the passenger side window of the truck be open . Graham step up to it and look inside . the thin man with the leather jacket , we see in town , sit behind the wheel . he stare out the windshield . he be cover in sweat . graham hello Ray . ray reddy do not look over . do not react . keeps stare . Ray clutches the steering wheel tightly , turn he knuckle a yellow white . Graham glance to the backseat of the truck . there be two large bag over flow with clothes . Graham 's eye gently move back to Ray and drift down to the two blood stained area on he shirt . beat . graham what happen Ray ? beat . Ray do not look over when he speak . ray I write you number down to call you . it 's be sit next to the phone for six month . when I know it be inside the house , I could not think of any other number to call . I panicked . ( beat ) thank you for come Father . graham ( soft ) you be welcome Ray . tear start fall down Ray 's face . ray I work so long that night . I be not never fall asleep drive before . and never since . most of the ride home , there be not a car insight in either direction . if I would fall asleep then , I would a end up in a ditch with a head ache . it have to happen at that right moment . that certain ten-fifteen second when I pass she walk . it be like it be mean to be . Ray finally turn . his red face quiver as he talk . ray I guess if this be the end of the world , I be screw right ? people who kill reverend ' wife be not exactly ushere to the front of the line in heaven . Ray start the car . graham where you go Ray ? ray to the lake . the way I see it , all the place mark in the crop and such -- none of they be really near water . I figure they do not like water . ( beat ) can not be any worse than here . beat . graham Ray , do you see one of they ? Ray look at Graham . ray I be truly sorry for what I have do to you and yours . the two man stare at each other for a beat . Ray look away . he put the car in drive . ray and do not open my pantry Father . I lock one of they in there . Graham step away as the truck move forward and pull down the driveway . CUT to : int . closet - day merrill 's head be lean against a bunch of winter coat . his eye be close . tv anchor ... the startling footage we be about to show you be photograph by a forty - two year old romero valadare . merrill 's eye open . tv anchor this video be take yesterday afternoon at he son 's seventh birthday , in the city of passo fundo , Brazil . it be send to the local news bureau there and satellite to we a few minute ago . all initial opinion be ; this be genuine . the television anchor appear flustered . tv anchor what you be about to see , may disturb you . merrill sit up in he chair . the picture of the anchorman be replaced by a handheld video image on the tv screen . the image be of a family room where a bunch of child in dress clothes crowd around a sliding glass window . the child be speak portuguese excitedly . they look at the camera and point to the outside through the glass door . the handheld image move over there shoulder to look out through the glass into a cramped backyard . there be a rectangular table with party decoration and a untouched birthday cake on it . colorful balloon float around the backyard . there be no one outside . the image pan around the dense foliage that form a wall around the yard . the image zoom and search in the darkness of the branch . the chair in the closet creak as merrill lean forward a little towards the television screen . we hear a burst of portuguese . the image pan away from the glass door back into the home . we look down a narrow hall to the kitchen . a boy with a birthday hat be seated on the kitchen counter , pointing frantically out the kitchen window . he yell in portuguese . the crowd of child around the glass door start rushing into the kitchen . they be joined by a few adult . the image follows they in . the kitchen window be blocked by head when we first arrive . merrill move child ! vamonos ! the image find a open over the shoulder of the boy with the birthday hat and another child . we be now looking out the kitchen window . we see a narrow alley only a few feet wide create by a stone wall and a SMALL garage build . on the other side of the wall be dense foliage . the wall end a few feet after the garage build . we hear the child voice very close to US speak in portuguese . the camera pan just a little as the face of the little birthday boy fill the screen . he talk excitedly directly at US and at someone behind the image . boy with hat esta atras da garagem ! esta atras de be ! be behind ! the boy gesture to the garage build . the image settle back on the window . we stare at the narrow alley . the image zoom a bit . search the edge of the garage build . the image start widening out . and then we see it . the kitchen erupt with children' scream as a large non - human figure move from the garage build to behind the wall . it's out of sight in less than a second . merrill be freeze like a statue . his mouth be open a little . the closet fill with the pandemonia of the kitchen on the video . the video image on the news , pause . beat . we see it rewind . we see the figure zip back behind the garage in a flicker . the video stop . plays again . the image zoom a bit . search the edge of the garage build . start to widen out . the kitchen start to fill with scream as the figure appear ... the image freeze . the news have pause the videotape on the exact moment the non -human figure be visible . it's halfway across the alley . it's motion have blurred it , but you can tell its shape now . merrill hess stare stunne at the image of a upright animal like creature . the striation all over its body look like branch . exactly like branch . they match the bushes where it be hiding , perfectly . CUT to : int . kitchen - day the door swing open slowly . Graham step into Ray reddy 's kitchen . cabinet be open . dish be break . chair be turn over . the faucet be run full blast . Graham 's eye move across the room . the kitchen table be upside down and lean up against the pantry door . the SOUND of a glass jar breaking on the ground can be heard inside the pantry . Graham take a few conservative step to the middle of the kitchen . he lean a little bit and listen . from behind the pantry door we hear the SOUND of breathing . there be quiet movement sound . the soft SOUND of glass be crushed as it's be walked on . Graham can almost see the bottom of the door around the lean table . Graham stand up straight and think it over . beat . Graham take two small step closer . when he lean , he can now see the entire bottom of the pantry door . there be light leaking out from beneath it . there be shadow be thrown from inside the pantry . the shadow move back and forth under the door . graham hello . the shadow stop moving . beat . graham ( loud ) the police be here ... I be with they ... I be a police officer . ( beat ) I just want to talk to you . silence . there be no movement from the pantry . beat . graham ( loud ) we know all about the hoax . we already take some of you friend downtown in the paddy wagon . ( mouth to himself ) paddy wagon ? the only SOUND in the kitchen be the SOUND of the faucet running . Graham wait for a reply , but none come . graham if you tell we you name and why you do it , we will give you the same deal we give the other . do not throw away you life son . beat . Graham bend down where he stand . he put he head near the wood floor . he try to look under the door . all he can see be the bottom of a couple shelf in the corner of the pantry . he 's at too severe a angle . Graham sit up . he 's only four foot away from the pantry door . he look around not know what to do . his eye fall on a bunch of kitchen knife that have spill from a drawer onto the floor . he take a butcher knife from the group and move closer to the door . beat . he reach with the butcher knife underneath the slant kitchen table . he use the knife like a mirror to see under the door . Graham watch the soft reflection in the flat stainless steel surface of the blade . we can make out broken glass and ripped OPEN packet of rice and cereal on the ground . there be pocket of shadow we can't see into . Graham pull the knife out . he sit there kneel two foot from the door . beat . he take a deep breath and start to lower he head under the slant table . he stop halfway down . he lose he nerve and sit up . he rise to he foot as he place the butcher knife on the counter . Graham start walk across the kitchen . he get to the door . put he hand on the doorknob . he stay like that for a long time . beat . Graham let go of the doorknob -- he turn and walk quickly across the kitchen -- he pick up the butcher knife -- he kneel down next to the pantry -- he duck he head under the slant kitchen table -- he place he cheek to the floor , only inch from the bottom of the door , and look into the pantry . there be break glass and rice throughout the wooden floor of the pantry . nothing else . Graham stare at he view of the floor . something 's wrong . part of it feel like a painting . the painting move . two black eye OPEN -- seemingly suspended in the middle of the room . they be sideways . they look at graham . graham yell . he jolt up . he head hit the slanted table hard . four long finger and claw , the exact color of the wooden floor reach out and miss he face by a fraction of a inch . graham react . the butcher knife come down fast and hard on the protruding wood colored finger . slam ! we hear a unbearably high - pitched inhale SOUND from inside the pantry . CUT to : ext . station wagon - day the station wagon knock over the " Ray reddy " mailbox as it turn sharply onto the road . Graham pick up speed as he pass the wall of crop on he right . the station wagon suddenly brake . two black skid mark form on the road as the station wagon come to a fast stop . beat . Graham get out of the car . he walk a few foot ahead of the station wagon . he bend down in the middle of the road . a bird lay limp on the asphalt . its head be crush . Graham gaze at the still pile of feather . beat . Graham turn and look straight up at the blue , cloudless sky above he . graham ( soft ) douche bag . CUT to : int . hess family room - day Graham enter he front hall . he close the door and lock it behind he . he turn and look into the family room . Morgan and bo and merrill be seat together on the sofa . all three be wear foil helmet . beat . merrill they be skin change color . that 's why we could not see he that night . Graham stare at he family huddle on the couch . beat . Graham take in the news as he move to the stair . he take a seat on the second to last step . he sit obscure by the baluster . beat . graham tell I something Morgan . in that book of you , do they happen to detail what would happen if they be hostile ? morgan yes . they would invade we use only ground tactic . Hand to hand combat . they would not use they technology or fight a airborne battle , because they would know we would eventually use nuclear weapon and the planet would be useless to they . merrill I be sorry , what book be this ? graham do they say what we chance would be if they do invade ? morgan they say one of two thing could happen . one , they fight and be defeat and leave to return again with full force hundred or even thousand of year later . graham what 's two ? morgan they win . the word hang in the air . Graham sit quietly on the second step of the stair . graham what do you think about the idea that they do not like place near water , and we might be safe from they near a lake or something ? morgan sound make up . beat . graham we can choose to believe it and pack up and leave . ( beat ) or we can stay here . board up this house . hide inside we home and wait it out . either way , at least we will be together . ( beat ) all that in favor of the lake , raise you hand . no one raise they hand . graham all that in favor of home , raise you hand . all four put they hand in the air . beat . they lower they and sit in silence . merrill how do we know board will do anything ? beat . graham ( soft ) because , they seem to have trouble with pantry door . CUT to : ext . hess house - afternoon we be watching the house from the crop . we see Graham inside the house , close the window shutter in one room after another . we see a stack of wooden board on the porch . our view move to the barn where isabelle be tie . she be not pace . she be not bark . she sit stare right at we . she be shiver . our view move to the garage building where we see merrill carry a huge pile of he clothes and thing down the stair . he 's move into the main house . merrill walk across the yard . his eye look around carefully as he move . part of the pile in he arm fall to the grass as he cross the lawn . he stop walk and start to gather up the fall thing . he pick up a couple shirt and two baseball encase in glass case . the glass encase one of the souvenir baseball , have crack . he take the ball out . stare at it . we watch from the crop as merrill put down he pile of clothes and thing on the grass . he look around and find what he 's look for . a rake . merrill unscrew the fork on the rake from the wooden handle . with the wooden stick in one hand and the souvenir baseball in the other , he turn to face the crop . we pull back a little into the crop . part of our view be obscure by stalk , but we still see merrill clearly . merrill look around cautiously again , before get into a batter 's stance . his leave leg dig into the grass in front of he . his weight be mostly on he back leg . he look out into the distance high over the crop . he throw the baseball up in the air ... merrill grab the wooden handle . merrill 's shoulder move with blind speed . the wooden rake handle slice the air . and miss the ball . the ball drop at merrill 's foot . we watch as merrill pick up the ball and try again . this time he shoulder move even faster . the wooden stick actually make a resonant SOUND as it cut the air . the ball drop at merrill 's foot . we watch through the crop as merrill snatch the ball up and try a third time . this time he yell as he swing . he rip the air with the wooden stick so fast it blur to the eye . the baseball drop at he foot . Strike three . merrill stand still in the yard . he 's breathe a little heavy as he stare down at the ball . he gently pick it up . he walk back to he pile of thing and then suddenly turn . he throw the ball in the air as he do . his leave leg go out . his weight go to he right leg as he turn he shoulder with astonish speed and power ... the SOUND of the baseball hitting the wooden handle crack across the whole yard . the ball rocket into the air . we watch it fly overhead ... sail high over the crop ... it become a tiny dot in the sky . after a long beat of silence it come back to earth . it land in the street and bounce twenty foot into the air . it clear at least four or five hundred foot of crop . maybe more . we look back to merrill stand in the backyard . he drop the wooden stick to the grass and move for he thing . he pile they in he arm . when he arm be full , he start for the porch . we watch from the crop as merrill goe inside the house . CUT to : int . closet - late afternoon Morgan and bo be seat on the kitchen chair in the closet . morgan come quick ! the flicker of the television fall on the children' face . we hear merrill and graham coming down the hallway before we see they . they appear almost at the same time in the doorway to the closet . Graham and merrill be hold hammer . all four stare at the television . on the screen be a STREET filled with people running with suitcase and bag . some people be getting trampled . other be stand on the STREET corner and yelling . there be panic in the AIR . tv anchor tel aviv join nairobi , lagos and Jerusalem as the latest to confirm the appearance of light . there be light in the sky over a estimate two hundred and seventy four city . that total could be as high as four hundred within the hour . the image on the television screen change to a night time view of the tel aviv CITY line . there be fourteen light in two " V " formation over the CITY . graham they decide to show themselves . beat . morgan they think this look like stage immediately proceeding a attack maneuver . merrill it 's like War of the world . morgan they think it might happen all at once . the word silence everyone . beat . the image go back to a quiet tv anchor . he take a second before start up again . tv anchor hundred of thousand have flock to synagogue , church and temple . the television show hundred of Israelis in a temple and in the street praying . Graham watch quietly as the mass pray side by side . tv anchor Ground force be be assemble in country throughout the globe ... graham I be go to get back to the window . bo watch as Graham leave the doorway of the closet . she turn back to the television . beat . merrill lean down between he niece and nephew . merrill ( whisper ) you guy okay ? they do not answer . they watch the soldier load up onto truck on the television . morgan some guy have a sign that say it be the end of the world . ( beat ) nothing really bad be go to happen , be it uncle merrill ? merrill do not worry . Morgan glance at bo and then back to he uncle . morgan you sure right ? beat . merrill gaze at the two question face . he look back at the empty closet doorway where Graham stand . he turn back to the child . merrill you know about sign Morgan ? not like the one people write on . it 's like if you pour a glass of milk and you drop the glass by mistake and break it before you could drink it . then you look at the milk carton and see that the milk be spoiled . they be thing that happen by chance or luck , but make you feel that someone 's watch out for you . the child think it over . beat . morgan I once have a bad dream and I could not wake up . I kick at the table next to my bed and something fall on I and I wake up . it be a picture of mom . she be smile . it make I feel safe ... you mean like that ? beat . merrill yeah , like that . ( beat ) I believe in sign Morgan . I think there 's someone watch out for we . I get to believe he 's go to make sure we be all right in the end . CUT to : int . hallway - late afternoon merrill smile as he step out of the closet and close the door half - way . he stand in the hall by himself . he take a couple deep breath as everything hit he . CUT to : int . closet - late afternoon Morgan turn off the television . he and bo sit quietly in the closet under the stair . CUT to : int . family room - late afternoon Graham sit in a chair by the window . he have a board on he lap . he have a hammer in he hand . Graham drown in he thought as the sky darken behind he . CUT to : int . upstair landing - evening Graham , bo and Morgan be seat in the upstairs hallway . there 's a couple board leave lean against the wall . merrill come out of the child 's room with he tool . merrill too many window in the bedroom . we do not have enough board . merrill stand and lean against the wall . graham we will have to board up the bedroom door . morgan where be we go to sleep ? graham the family room . everyone sit quietly for a moment . morgan what about isabelle ? graham we will keep she in the garage , after dinner . beat . merrill I will make sandwich . bo I want spaghetti ? merrill we should eat fast bo . graham spaghetti sound great . merrill glance at Graham . graham what do you want , Morgan ? beat . morgan anything ? Graham nod " yes . " morgan french toast ... and mashed potato . graham now we be talk . ( beat ) how about you merrill ? Graham turn and look at merrill . they stare at each other quietly . they have a conversation without word . beat . merrill ( soft ) Chicken teriyaki . graham good choice ... I be go to have a cheeseburger with bacon . ( smile ) extra bacon . CUT to : int . kitchen - evening the window in the kitchen be board up , as be the back door . the sink be pile with pot and pan . it seem like every utensil and dish in the kitchen be use . CUT to : int . dinning room - evening one side of the dinning room be line with window that have be board up . the table be set . mash potato , spaghetti , french toast , chicken teriyaki and bacon cheeseburger be all display elegantly on serve dish . the hess family sit around the table . beat . the scene be somber . no one be move . graham what 's the matter with everyone ? eat . no one say anything . no one eat . beat . morgan I be scared . bo I too . graham I do not want to hear anymore talk like that . and I do not want to see anymore face like the one I be look at . ( beat ) we be go to enjoy this meal . nothing can stop we from enjoy this meal ! enjoy ! bo sit next to she three glass of water and begin to cry . graham stop cry ! morgan do not yell at she ! Morgan 's face be hard , but tear start to fall anyway . Graham watch as both he child cry at the table . graham Fine , if you all do not want to eat , then I be go to have some of everything . Graham take big scoops of every dish and pile it on he plate . he dig he fork into the pile and start to shove it in he mouth . he swallow . graham this taste so great . bo , Morgan and merrill watch in stunne silence as Graham stuff more in he mouth . he chew and chew and swallow hard . he dig he fork into the pile again . Graham start cry as he eat . he keep take more bite . more tear fall . Morgan get up from he seat . he go to Graham 's chair . he lean against he dad 's arm and cry with he . Graham 's fork stop move . he watch as bo move from she seat to he other side . she hold she dad 's arm and cry . beat . Graham pull they both up onto the chair with he and hug they tight . merrill lean forward and come to the pile on Graham 's chair . merrill bury he head in Graham 's shoulder . the hess family huddle together at one end of the table . beat . the baby monitor explode with static and noise . everyone slowly turn and look over to Morgan 's place set where the baby monitor sit on the table . the red light on the front be all lit up . merrill sit up . Graham put down the child from he lap . he get up from he seat and move around the table and out of the dinning room . he move through the family room and into the hall . Graham open the closet door and look in at the television . he turn it on . beat . the emergency broadcast symbol be on the screen . a low tone emit from the tv. beat . Graham change station . the symbol and tone appear on every channel . the monotone SOUND fill the closet . beat . Graham step out into the hall . merrill and the two child be stand there wait . Graham look at they . graham ( soft ) it 's happen . CUT to : int . upstair hall - evening merrill pound furiously with he hammer as he nail board to the child 's bedroom door . the master bedroom door be open with a board lean next to it . Graham be inside he bedroom CUT to : int . graham' bedroom - evening Graham walk to the window next to he bed . it 's the same one we have look out twice before . Graham look out onto he backyard . the flood light from the house throws long shadow over the yard . there be a light breeze . nothing seem wrong . Graham 's eye stay lock on the crop which go on and on into darkness . he move closer to the glass . watch the top of the corn stalk sway slightly with the wind . something move in the darkness . Graham 's eye move to where the corn crop fade into black forty foot away . Graham go very still . line emerge in the crop ; the kind of line made by someone trampling through a field . we can't see who' making they . all we see be the countless line be formed . the line move from the darkness toward the house . graham watch they close in on he backyard . thirty feet ... twenty feet ... ten ... Graham back away from the window towards the middle of he bedroom . merrill Graham hurry . Graham turn to see merrill stand with the last board in the hall . Graham move out into the hall and shut the bedroom door behind he . CUT to : int . upstair hall - evening merrill immediately put the wooden board up and start hammer nail into the frame . Graham pick up he hammer and quietly begin to hammer nail into the wood . Graham glance to he right as he work . bo and Morgan be stand together at the top of the stair . bo hold Morgan 's hand . Graham keep hammer as he speak . graham do I ever tell you what everyone say when you be bear , bo ? bo nod " no " lightly . graham you come out of you momma and you do not even cry . you just open you eye and look around at everybody . you eye be so big and gorgeous , the lady in the room gasped . Graham stop hammer . merrill keep go . graham they literally gasped . ( Graham gasp like they ) then they go , " she 's like a angel . " they say , " we have never see a baby so beautiful . " Graham smile to himself as he remember the moment . merrill finish hammer . Graham go over and pick up bo . graham ( soft ) and you know what else happen ? bo nod , " no . " graham ( soft ) when they put you on the table to clean you up , you look at I and smile . they say baby that young can not smile ... you smile . Graham look at he daughter quietly . he brushes the hair out of she face as merrill move to Morgan and pick he up . all four turn and look at the three board up bedroom door . beat . graham ( soft ) let 's go down now . CUT to : int . front hall - evening Graham put bo down in the hallway . she stand close to he . merrill put down Morgan . the four of they stand quietly in a tight group . they hear frantic barking in the distance . morgan we forget about isabelle . isabelle's barking become desperate and angry . they listen as she bark nonstop for ten second ... and then suddenly stop . the low emergency tone from the closet tv fill the silence . beat . merrill ( whisper ) should we turn off the light ? graham ( soft ) they already know we be here . the first sound of movement be heard outside . creak of wood from the front porch can be heard . there be sound of movement from behind the locked back door . sound of movement against the side of the house . sound from all direction . there be scratching noise against the front door . metal noise as the handle be tried . morgan ( almost inaudible ) dad -- the door creak as pressure be place against it . graham do you know what happen when you be bear Morgan ? Morgan look at he father , unable to speak . graham you come out and you momma keep bleed . the doctor rush you out of the room before I could even see you . there be thud above they . all four look up . merrill they be on the roof . graham while they be try to fix she up , all she keep ask about be you . they listen as the thud increase in number . the first SOUND of shatter glass be heard from upstair . merrill look up the stair at the board bedroom door . merrill they be in the house . Graham take Morgan 's hand . graham I want you momma to see you first . she have dream about you she whole life . ( beat ) they wait till she feel better , then they bring you in . they place you right in she arm . and she look at you . and you look at she . you just stare at each other for the longest time and then she say real soft , " hello Morgan , I be you momma , you look just like I dream . " Graham smile down at he son who smile gently back . scratching noise begin to come from upstair . the group of four turn and watch the top of the stair . the bedroom door handle be be rattled . merrill 's eye move quietly above the bedroom door , to the ceiling of the upstairs hallway . he stare at a rectangle in the ceiling . a tiny rope hang from the rectangle . beat . merrill the attic door . merrill sprint up the stair . Morgan and bo watch as Graham follow after merrill . CUT to : int . upstair hall - evening Graham and merrill stare up at the ceiling . there be movement right above they . Dust fall from a ceiling light right next to they . the rope hang from the attic trapdoor hang between they . they watch as it begin to twitch and sway . the spring in the trap door begin to groan . the door start to fall open . merrill and Graham raise they arm above they head and reach up . the door open a few inch . merrill be taller . the door press against he finger first . it give a few more inch before merrill stop it . Graham 's finger be barely touch it . merrill 's face turn red with strain as something push down on the door . merrill this be a very temporary solution . Graham bring he arm down . he see he child watch from the bottom of the stair . Graham look around where he be . there be a very small table with photo against a wall . a laundry closet and three board up bedroom door ... nothing else . Graham turn to merrill . graham how temporary ? merrill 's face be a deep crimson . merrill twenty - two second . Graham look around again ... the same thing ... the same table ... the same closet ... Graham stop and stare at the closet . it have a wooden fold door that open and close on a guide rail . the wooden fold door be very tall . its top be one foot from the ceiling . Graham go to the closet and grab the door . he start rock it hard . pull it out ... it start to come out of its guide rail ... Graham lean back with all he weight ... the thin wooden door rip out of place . one end be still attach at the hinge . Graham pull it straight . it reach into the middle of the landing . it stand right next to merrill . right under the attic trapdoor . its top be only a few inch lower than merrill 's reach . graham let go . merrill hesitates and then lower the attic trapdoor . it connect with the top of the closet door and stop . the trapdoor be now open almost a foot ... we can now see part of the bottom step of the wooden pull out stair that lead to the attic . merrill and Graham step away as the closet fold door hold the weight of the attic door . after a moment , the spring on the attic trapdoor recoil as the pressure be let up . the trapdoor close . beat . it open with force , slamm the top of the stand closet door with a thud . the attic trapdoor close again . open again with force . thud . the closet fold door begin to pull away from the hinge keep it upright . Graham move down the stair . merrill follow he . CUT to : int . front hall - evening the scratching noise fill the house . Morgan and bo be freeze watch a set of long finger reach under the front door . the color of the finger change -- to the exact color and texture of the yellow cracked paint on the door . thud . the trapdoor slam the top of the folding door upstair . Graham and merrill arrive in the front hall . Graham take Morgan and bo by the hand and lead they quickly down the hall . merrill back away as he watch the top of the stair . another thud echoes through the house . CUT to : int . kitchen - evening the swinging door swing open and close behind merrill as he enter the kitchen . Graham have move the chair away from the kitchen table and wait by it . merrill go over and the two of they push the table against the swinging door . they take the kitchen chair and pile a couple on top , and jam the rest underneath the table . Graham lean against the kitchen counter . merrill stare at the pile of furniture . merrill this be go to do nothing . graham we have to go in the basement . Graham point to a set of narrow stair that lead to a darken door at the bottom . merrill there 's no way out of there . beat . Graham look at the face of he frighten child . graham do I ever tell you , I dislocate uncle merrill 's arm ? thud . merrill should we make a run for it out the back ? graham they be right behind the door . merrill look at the board up back door . Graham turn to bo and Morgan who stand against the wall . graham he be only a year and half old . merrill ( to Graham ) what be you do ? graham he be try to eat a second chocolate bar . you grandma say , " no . " he try to take a bite , so I grab it . thud with a crack of wood from upstair . merrill turn and stare at the barricade entrance to the kitchen . graham I must have pull he arm at a awkward angle . his elbow pop right out of the socket . the last thud come with a SOUND of wood splintering . the closet folding door crash to the ground in the upstair hall . we hear creak as the attic trapdoor open . graham he do not scream or anything . his arm just flop to he side and he get real still . merrill they be come . Graham move towards the basement stair . graham I hold he in my lap in the back seat as we drive to the hospital . I could not stop cry ... we need to go into the basement now . Graham gesture for the kid to come to the stair . Morgan and bo move to they father slowly . graham you know what you uncle merrill do right after the doctor put he arm back in place ? he jump off the table and give I a hug . he have already forget that I be the one who hurt he . Graham usher the two child down the stair . he wait for merrill . merrill turn from the kitchen door and walk toward he . merrill stop and look down the stair . merrill we will not be able to get out of there . graham I be sorry I hurt you arm . beat . merrill 's eye fill with water . he do not look up at he older brother . merrill I know . merrill walk down the stair . Graham wait at the top . he watch the kitchen door with the table and chair against it . beat . there be movement outside in the hall . the door start to force its way open . the table and chair begin to scrape across the kitchen floor like nail against a chalk board . we hear voice - like sound enter the kitchen . sound made from inhales , not exhales . CUT to : int . basement - evening Graham come down the last few step and enter the basement . morgan we forget we foil helmet ! Graham close the door behind he . it have no lock . graham we need something to wedge against the doorknob . the basement be line with metal shelf . the shelf be cluttere with all sort of can goods , extension cord , clean supplies , decoration , outdoor tool . merrill rummages through the shelf frantically . morgan they will read we mind ! graham you be scare you sister . bo I be already scared . Graham put he ear to the door and listen . graham merrill -- merrill I be look ! merrill move to another set of shelf . he start knock thing to the ground . morgan ( to himself ) they will know we secret thought . there be scratching against the door . the doorknob turn . Graham grab it with both hand . the door begin to push open . graham merrill ! merrill get it ! merrill reach between two stack of shelf and pull out a pick for digging in the ground . he hold it up in the air . it have a three - foot wooden handle . merrill turn and rush in Graham 's direction . a single light bulb hang from a wire in the ceiling . it be the only light in the room . merrill clip the light bulb with the end of the wooden handle as he cross the room . the bulb shatter . the basement be instantly black . bo dad ! we hear the sound of sudden commotion , voice . struggling at the door . step on broken glass . click . a beam of a flashlight come on . it illuminate morgan stand next to a rack of metal shelve . he turn the flashlight in he tiny hand . the narrow beam move across the darkness . it find merrill and graham leaning up against the basement door . morgan move the beam down to the pick , which be wedged between the doorknob and the ground . the pick waver a little with each push from the other side , but hold . the scratching and movement outside the door begins to lessen . beat . Morgan slowly move the beam back up to he father' face . graham where 's bo ? the beam search in the darkness . through the box , between the shelve ... it settle on a SMALL foot hiding behind a couple twenty -five pound bag of dog food . bo' head slowly appear . she squint as she look in the light . bo I be okay . another beam come on . it reveal merrill at the shelve with a second flashlight . he look over the content of the shelve near he . beat . he beam of light fall on a radio . he turn the knob to " on . " the radio light up , but no sound emerge for it 's speaker . merrill turn the channel knob and check all the station . no sound . no signal . he listen to the light hum from the speaker . beat . merrill what 's happen out there ? beat . graham ( in the dark ) I can not even imagine . they all listen to the dead AIR hum from the radio speaker . morgan I hope they be do better than we be . we do not even have helmet . there be a loud bang . both flashlight beam crisscross over the basement and come to a stop on the door . another bang . the door vibrate . the pick with the wooden handle hold in place . bang . graham step into the beam of light . he look at the door and then turn and face the light . graham they be just make noise . they be not try to get in . ( beat ) why be they do that ? Graham look at merrill 's corner of the darkness . Morgan move he beam onto merrill . merrill they want we attention on the door ? bang . a beat of silence . graham they be distracting we ? merrill from what ? morgan the book say they be probably very good problem solver . merrill what book ! morgan they will find a way in . bang . graham Morgan , give I you flashlight . Morgan put the flashlight on the ground and roll it across the floor . the beam spin in tiny circle showing the broken glass of the bulb in the middle of the floor . the flashlight come to a stop in graham' palm . he pick it up . graham be there a air vent in here ? merrill move next to Graham . another bang from the door . they aim they flashlight in one corner of the room . the brother move in opposite direction . graham move he beam up and down checking the wall and the ceiling as he move . merrill move between shelve , one at a time . he flashlight peer behind the stack of canned good . a bang echoes through the basement door . merrill and Graham be at opposite end of the room now . graham I can feel air . merrill I too . the two beam of light start moving toward each other . graham it 's get stronger . merrill I be close . bang . the beam move up and down over the final wall . graham and merrill move closer and closer ... the two beam finally come to a stop in the same place ... they shine down on morgan . he sit on the ground against the wall . he stare up at the two light . morgan what ? in the beam of light you can see he hair moving gently from a breeze . graham and merrill turn there light straight into the AIR vent he's leaning against . eye be revealed in the darkness of the vent . a narrow set of metallic colored finger shoot out between the hole in the vent grill and grab morgan . morgan scream . the flashlight drop to the ground . there's a desperate scramble . feet move through the beam of light . we can't see what' happening . merrill ( o.s. ) hold the vent ! someone pick up a flashlight . we see glimpse of straining face . morgan scream . graham pull he ! the flashlight be dropped and picked up again . we see it be bo who be holding the light . bo turn the light at the vent . merrill be the only one there . he presses one of the twenty -five pound bag of dog food against the metal grill . he drag the second bag over with he foot and slam it against the first bag . he quickly move out of the light . bo follows he with the beam . she find he dragging a enormous bag of flour over to the vent . he heave it on top of the pile . he leave the light again . return with another giant bag of flour . grunt as he throws it on top of the rest . merrill fall to the ground exhausted . the pile of dog food and flour completely obscure the vent . a can of soup roll on the ground near merrill . he slowly pick it up and put a additional EIGHT ounce on the pile . merrill slowly catch he breath . he reach over to he side and grab the remain flashlight . he train the beam around the room till he find morgan . he find the boy in graham' lap . morgan be seated with he back against graham' chest . using he as a chair . morgan' face be pale . he be taking very long slow heave . it sound like the AIR be go through a straw . he's suffocating . graham look up into the light . graham we do not have he medicine . merrill look at he nephew turn gray . Graham pull Morgan closer to he body and talk into the child 's ear . graham do not be scared Morgan . we will slow it down together . feel my chest . feel it go in and out . breathe like I . breathe like I . Morgan 's throat be close -- he face be fill with strain and panic . bo he can not breathe . bo move to merrill and curl up with he as they watch . Graham close he eye . beat . he open he eye and talk into Morgan 's ear . graham stay with I . stay with I . I know it hurt . be strong baby ... it will pass . Graham close he eye -- talk to the darkness . graham do not do this to I again . not again . merrill stare at he brother 's desperate face . Graham 's eye open as Morgan 's tiny finger press down on Graham 's hand . the finger squeeze with all the strength they have . Graham look to merrill helplessly . merrill 's eye fill up with water . Graham 's eye close . graham I hate you . I hate you ... Graham 's eye open as he lean in close to Morgan 's ear . graham the fear be feed it ... do not be afraid of what 's happen ... believe it 's go to pass ... believe it ... just wait ... do not be afraid ... the air be come ... believe ... we do not have to be afraid ... it 's about to pass ... here it come ... do not be afraid ... here come the air ... a thin stream of SOUND emit from morgan' throat . like the SOUND of AIR leaking from a balloon . graham there we go ... we do not have to be scared at all ... we know it will pass . we believe it ... do not be afraid Morgan . Morgan 's finger relax a little on Graham 's hand . the leaking balloon SOUND turn back into the SOUND of AIR through a straw . merrill watch as Graham 's face stay press up against he son . graham feel my chest ... breathe with I . together ... the air be go in we lung ... together ... we be the same . we be the same . merrill watch as Morgan 's chest start to move in sync with Graham 's . the SOUND of the straw fade as morgan' breathing turn into labored breaths . Graham 's eye close . he start cry . he speak to no one . graham ( soft ) I hate you . Morgan 's finger relax on Graham 's hand . merrill watch as father and son breathe together . merrill and bo hold each other tight . the flashlight flicker on graham and morgan' exhausted face . they both stare out into the darkness of the basement . tear drying on there cheek . they 're both lost in there thought . beat . merrill I should save the flashlight . beat . Graham nod without look over . merrill presses the button on he flashlight . the beam of light illuminating graham and morgan goe out . they disappear into shadow . merrill look down to bo , who have the second flashlight in she hand . the beam point up at the basement ceiling above her and merrill . merrill nod to she . she reach down and press the button . the basement be engulfed by black . dissolve to : int . basement - morning we be still in black . a voice be heard in the darkness . it's murky at first , then become clearer . voice ... Jordan , Saudi Arabia and bahrain have also confirm . Graham open he eye from sleep . he squint from the light of the hanging bulb in the basement . merrill step into he vision . merrill I find a pack of light bulb . merrill walk back to the radio on the metal shelf . the voice we heard in the darkness come from the tiny speaker of the radio . radio voice ... part of China and Northern Korea be among the few remain to verify withdrawals . graham they be broadcasting ... merrill it come on about two hour ago . woke I up . ( beat ) we win Graham . merrill wait for he brother to say something . beat . merrill it go on all night . everywhere . it be completely a ground battle . mostly hand to hand . you can not see they unless you be up close . a lot of people die . some from combat . but most from poison gas inhalation . they secrete it . beat . graham how many die ? merrill they think over a hundred thousand . they be just estimate . ( beat ) but we hold strong . graham how do they know it 's over ? merrill a mass evacuation by they start about eight o'clock this morning . it 's eleven now . ( beat ) they be leave . beat . merrill you do not think we would make it . beat . graham no . merrill ( low voice ) listen , there 's thing I can take and a couple thing I can not and one of they I can not take , be when my older brother -- ( voice crack ) -- who be everything I want to be , start lose faith in thing . I see you eye last night . ( beat ) I do not want to ever see you eye like that again , okay ? I be serious . merrill 's face be hard . he look shake . Graham stare at the conviction in he young brother 's expression . graham ( soft ) okay . beat . there's a wheeze SOUND from the corner of the room . Graham and merrill turn to look at Morgan -- lay down on merrill 's fold sweater . Morgan 's breathe be strain . he still look grey . merrill he 's be like that for awhile . we need to get he some medicine . graham have they say anything about we area ? merrill Philadelphia and its outly county be clear , but who know for sure ? Graham look at Morgan lie limp on the ground . Graham turn to merrill . graham ( whisper ) he 's not strong enough to fight off another attack . merrill ( whisper ) I know . ( beat ) we need to be sure , before we open that door Graham . the two man stand under the single dangle light bulb . Graham quietly turn and look at Morgan . he move across the room towards he . merrill watch as Graham kneel down and reach to Morgan 's side . Graham unclip the baby monitor from he son 's belt . Graham walk back to merrill . he hold it out between they . beat . he turn it on . a slight static be heard . graham turn the volume all the way up . the static get a little louder , but doesn't change . there be no noise , no spike , no voice ... just empty electrical static . beat . Graham make eye contact with merrill . beat . merrill that 's good enough for I . graham I too . CUT to : int . basement stairwell - morning daylight filter down from the kitchen and pierce the stairwell to the basement . the basement door crack open a few inch . beat . merrill open it all the way . dust float up in the daylight that spill down the stair . merrill move up the stair by himself . he reach the top and look around . turn back down to the face at the bottom . give they the thumb up . Graham lead bo up the stair . he carry a limp Morgan in he arm . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning the kitchen be kind of beautiful in its destruction . beam of daylight crisscross the room from the punched out hole in the window and board . the back door be wide OPEN . we hear sound from the tv filtering in from the hall . Graham and bo and Morgan watch as merrill walk over the topple chair to get to the cabinet . graham get the syringe as well . we might need to give he a epinephrine shot . merrill nod as he begin to search the pile of thing that have fall from the cabinet . CUT to : int . family room - morning shaft of sunlight stream in from one side of the family room where the window have be broken in . Graham gently lay Morgan on the sofa . we hear cheering come from the television , filter through the front hall and into the family room . bo step out of the closet and look into the family room . bo people be dance . she point at the closet . Morgan strain to look in she direction . Graham look at he . graham you want to see it ? Morgan nod , " yes " as he struggle to breathe . graham I will bring the tv in here . CUT to : int . closet - morning the television show a shot of a STREET corner . thousand of people stand in the street . a reporter stand amongst they and talk into a microphone . tv reporter today there be no country , and no race , and no difference -- we be all apart of the same -- Graham unplug the television . the screen go black . bo move the coat aside as Graham wheel the television and the television cart out into the hall . CUT to : int . family room - morning Graham pull the television into the family room . careful not to trip it on the carpet . the glass of the television be like a mirror . Graham move the television into position . the black screen reflect the family room behind graham as it turn . the reflection of a creature silhouetted pan across the television screen . the tv stop move . Graham stay freeze with he hand on either side of the television cart . he 's slightly bent over . his back be to the family room . Graham straighten and turn around slowly . Morgan be hold by he waist three foot in the air . Morgan 's face turn to the color of ash as he throat close up . for a moment it appear he 's suspend in the air . then we see the outline ... and we see the eye . the black eye . there be a creature close to seven foot tall stand in the middle of the family room . it 's powdery skin have take on the shade , line and color of the family room so perfectly , it almost disappear . it blink . Graham and bo have turn to stone . bo stand freeze in the front hall . merrill come out of the doorway from the kitchen to the family room . he take two step into the room and come to a stop next to the fireplace . the inhaler and syringe in he hand fall to the ground . the creature be between Graham and merrill in the middle of the family room . Morgan be die . the last sound of AIR stop in he throat . the line of the chair and windowsill mimick on the creature 's skin move as the creature move its free hand . Graham 's eye shift to the hand . three of the creature finger be missing -- slice off by a butcher knife . the creature 's hand move to Morgan 's face . it tilt its finger and palm back . the color on the hand be already changing to match it's new position in the room . a small pore open up on its wrist . a yellowish gas start to leak out of the open . Graham look up from the leak poison gas to the face of the creature . it 's large empty black eye lock on Graham 's . graham start to hear a high pitch ringing SOUND -- it begins to engulf all SOUND in the room . graham stare helplessly into the large black eye . we move into graham' eye ... they widen . we see the emotion in they . he mouth barely get the word out . graham ( soft ) he 's read my -- the high pitched ringing SOUND overwhelm everything . the room goe bright white . dissolve to : ext . STREET - night we be blind by a bright light . the light be moving . we realize it be the headlight of a car that pull to the side of the road . the car door open . Graham hess step out . his coat be open . he be wear a black shirt and black pants . a priest 's white collar sit under the lapel of the black shirt . Graham look around in a daze . we be on a country road . there be strobing red and white light filling the night AIR . four police car be scattered amongst the tow truck and the ambulance . a large group of officer and worker hover around a green truck that have swerve off the road into a grouping of tree . Officer Edgar paski walk up to Graham . he whisper something into a walkie clipped to he shirt as he approach . Edgar look badly shake . beat . the two man look at each other . officer paski what do you know ? Graham stand motionless with he hand at he side . beat . graham there be a accident . drunk drive . they be not sure . officer paski he be not drink . Ray fall asleep at the wheel . Officer paski gesture in the direction of one of the ambulance . Ray reddy sit to the side on the grass . his arm rest on he bent knee . graham be he okay ? officer paski yes ... that 's the first thing colleen ask too . Graham smile a little smile . graham she 's talk ... which ambulance be she in ? beat . officer paski she 's not in a ambulance Father . graham why not ? officer paski see Father , Ray 's truck swerve off the road and ah ... hit colleen and then a tree . she be pin between the two . graham pin ? what do that mean ? beat . officer paski the truck ... the truck have severe most of she lower half . graham what do you say ? beat . officer paski she will not be save . at this point she 's alive , because the truck be hold she together . she do not feel much , and she 's talk almost like normal . we do not pull the truck out , cause we want you to come down here to be with she , as long as she 's awake . that will not be very long . ( beat ) Father , you understand what I have tell you ? beat . graham Edgar . ( he start cry ) be this the last time I be go to talk to my wife ? beat . officer paski yes it be . CUT to : ext . STREET - night the other officer turn and look as Graham walk by they . he walk on , unaware of the stare . he slow as he reach the back bumper of the truck . it stick out onto the road a few foot . he come around the side of the vehicle . colleen hess be beautiful in a delicate way . her straight brown hair fall down over she small face . she lean over the front bumper of the truck onto the hood . her head rest on she arm like a child rest on a school desk . her back be against a tree . the lower half of she be obscure by the truck . she 's able to raise she head and shoulder as Graham walk up to she . she be shiver slightly . colleen ( soft ) hi sweetie . graham hi baby . Graham glance down . there be bundle of blood soak blanket in the area below she . they peek out under the twisted front of the truck . Graham look up quickly . colleen I be just take a walk before dinner . graham you love walk . beat . colleen I guess it be mean to be . beat . graham do it hurt ? colleen I do not feel much . graham good . Graham touch she cheek . she start cry . Graham start cry with she . colleen ( cry ) ... tell Morgan to play game -- it 's okay to be silly . graham ( cry ) ... I will . colleen ( cry ) ... tell bo to listen to she brother . he will always take care of she . graham ( cry ) ... I will . colleen ( cry ) ... tell Graham -- graham ( cry ) I be here . colleen ( cry ) tell he ... see . tell he to see . colleen press she cheek on top of Graham 's hand . she rest on it . her eye be distant . colleen ( soft ) and tell merrill to swing away . graham ( soft ) what ? ( beat ) colleen ?... colleen ? we be overcome by a bright white . CUT to : int . family room - morning we be in the family room . the high pitched ringing sound fade and be replaced by the breathing in the room . the breathing be joined by the hissing of gas as it's be released . the creature force poison gas out into morgan' unconscious face . the room be engulfed with stream of sunlight from the broken window . the light seem to catch certain thing in the room and make they stand out . thing on shelve , thing on table , thing on the wall . Graham stare at the baseball bat on the wall . beat . graham ( soft ) swing away , merrill . Morgan 's face be obscure by gas . graham ( loud ) merrill . merrill turn and look to Graham . graham swing away . Graham 's eye be not on merrill . merrill follow he eye line to the baseball bat mount above he . beat . merrill reach up and take the bat off its rest place . the creature start to move . merrill 's hand tighten around the handle as he walk forward . he stop . his weight shift to he right leg . the creature begin to turn and become more visible as its line and color do not match in position in the room . merrill 's leave leg go out . his torso and shoulder turn with staggering speed and strength . the bat slice through the air of the family room ... contact . the creature get hammered across the back with the baseball bat . Morgan be drop . he fall to the carpet of the family room in a unnatural crumpled pile . his arm and leg flop lifelessly to the carpet . the creature turn to face merrill . all the creature see be the blur of wood as merrill swing like a lumberjack . slam . the creature fall to the ground . Graham take bo by the hand and move to Morgan . Graham pick up he son 's limp body in he arm . the creature move to its foot . merrill 's hand choke up on the bat . merrill 's eye be on fire . Graham lean down and pick up the full syringe of medicine on the ground . merrill scream as he swing again . his powerful muscle pull he shoulder whipping around . the bat connect with the creature across its chest . the creature be throw back into the wall . two glass of water fall off a shelf and crash onto the creature's shoulder . the water connect with it 's skin . the creature make a high pitched inhale SOUND . bo and Graham look up . the creature's shoulder stop changing color and wither into a powdery white . merrill look back across the room at bo and Graham . they stare at each other with sudden realization . merrill look around at bo 's half - fill water glass place all over the family room . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning Graham carry Morgan through the kitchen and out the back door . Morgan 's arm and leg swing limp as Graham walk . Morgan 's head bob back from its own weight as Graham step outside . CUT to : int . family room - morning merrill step in . the wooden bat make a SOUND as it cut through the AIR . slam ! it connect with the creature . the creature fall back into the coffee table . bo 's glass of water crack and splash over the creature 's torso . another high pitched inhale scream . his torso turn a powdery white . part of its body be still change and match its environment . part be white . the creature stand again . merrill look for the next target in the room . bo point to the dinning table where the old chicken teriyaki , bacon cheeseburger and spaghetti with meatball sit untouched . merrill see the three glass of water at bo 's seat . he nod . CUT to : int . family room - morning merrill yell with everything in he lung . his wrist turn . his shoulder torque . the wooden louisville slugger slice the AIR and shatter when it connect with the upper chest of the creature . piece of wood splinter over the family room . the creature waver and then all seven feet of it tip over . it fall back . it clip the tv stand as it fall . it land on the ground with a thud . the creature's black , empty eye look up in time to see bo' glass of water resting on the television , fall ... and spill over the edge -- right onto its face . the creature's scream fill the family room -- and then suddenly stop . it become very still . every inch of its body turn a withered , powdery white . beat . bo watch quietly from the door . merrill drop the handle of the bat in he hand . CUT to : ext . backyard - morning merrill and bo find Graham kneel in the grass . Morgan lay limp in he arm . they kneel down in the grass with he . merrill see the empty syringe in Graham 's hand . he look to Morgan . the boy 's head be tilt back . his tiny mouth hang open unnaturally . graham his lung be close . ( beat ) his lung be close . no poison get in ... no poison get in . merrill stare at Morgan . his body be utterly still . graham his lung be close . merrill reach for Morgan 's still hand . graham do not touch he . merrill ( soft ) Graham . beat . Morgan lie lifeless . bo daddy . graham do not touch he . bo be cry . merrill Graham . graham do not . beat . morgan' voice dad . he son' voice make he stop . Graham start cry . every bit of sadness trap in he body be release . he look down through tear and tear at Morgan . morgan do someone save I ? graham yeah baby . I think someone do . CUT to : int . window - morning we look out through the break glass of the second story bedroom window . we see the wear jungle gym . we see the single tree throw shade on the picnic table . we see the golden brown corn lining the back of the yard . and we see the hess family . sitting together on the grass . huddle together in the sunlight . fade to black .