" silverado " screenplay by lawrence kasdan and Mark kasdan production draft fade in : int . shack - day darkness . quiet . the camera move through the gloom of the small , dirty , wooden hut , past a break table , over a well - wear saddle lie on the floor . now , a pair of boot stand empty by the rotting remain of a rough-hewn bunk , up to a holster gun hang on the corner of the bed . the still shape of a man , a bedroll he only protection from the splintery plank . this be emmett , fast asleep . the door of the shack burst inward as a gunman crash in . for a moment he be silhouett against the blind morning light , he two six - gun blast even before the door have bounce shut behind he , return the hut to darkness . emmett 's holster , the gun go . the gun be here in emmett 's hand , erupting now with three quick explosion . the intruder fly against the far wall of the hut and land on the floor dead . from outside , two bullet pierce the plank wall behind emmett , light stream through in .45 calibre shaft . emmett be out of the bunk and on the floor . he fire once over the bunk . in the moment of quiet that follow , we hear run footstep outside the hut . emmett follow they progress with the point of he gun , but hold he fire . suddenly a shotgun blast a large hole in the roof of the shack , and the table disintegrate in a new column of light . emmett glance upward , but quickly return he attention to the side wall , try to follow that gunman . now more fire come from there and more footstep . another shotgun blast shower emmett with debris , but he ignore it , concentrate on the wall . what he sees . the man outside move quickly past a crack in the wall , momentarily revealing he spot by block the light . emmett fire once ahead of he , stop he progress and force he back to the crack . emmett fire he last shot there , and the man outside go down hard . the shotgun rip another jag hole in the ceiling and blow a crater in the dirt by emmett 's foot . the shape of a man flash across the new hole . emmett look across the room at the top bunk , where the barrel of he Winchester protrude a few inch from the bare plank . emmett throw he empty six - gun noisily into the far corner of the hut . instantly the man on the roof blast away in that direction . emmett dive for the bunk . with the tip of he finger , he pull hard on the muzzle . the Winchester flip full circle into the air as the bunk behind it be shred from above . with a odd kind of inevitability , as though seek its rightful place , the Winchester arc into a shaft of light , where it be meet by emmett 's steady , wait hand . before it have even settle , he have cocked and fire twice through a hole in the roof . emmett stop and lower the carbine . the man on the roof fall spread - eagle through the weaken ceiling . debris and sunlight shower he lifeless form . emmett listen , move silently to the door , and open it carefully . we follow he outside , out into the bright sunlight , into the awesome promise of the american West . ext . shack - day emmett move warily around the isolate shack . there be no more attacker . he look off into the distance . two riderless horse , gallop away , be the only move thing in the empty landscape . a third saddle horse , a pinto , stand nervously near emmett 's horse , which be tie to a stake . emmett walk to the body of the man outside and look down at he . he do not know he . he move to the pinto and calm it . he examine the distinctive brand on its flank , a circle with two wavy line beneath it . emmett be clearly mystify . he rest he arm on the saddle and stare after the retreate horse . the MAIN title begins . ext . emmett ride ( various shot ) - day / night emmett travel , the saddle pinto in tow . he move from high mountain terrain down - country , through meadow and canyon . he make night camp near a rush stream . the land flatten as he approach the desert . the sun beat at he as he dismount at the edge of a white - hot plain . he take a short pull from he canteen and squint off across the flat , empty space . all he can see ahead be blind sand and blue sky . the MAIN title end . ext . desert ( series of shot ) - day emmett be now surround by the white blankness , move slowly under the broiling sun . he stop he walk horse and squint out into the distance , see something . we see it too , but just barely : a distant , horizontal smudge on the glaring sand . emmett reach the smudge . it be a man , barefoot and dress only in longjohn , he head propped on a rock , eye close . the man 's skin be burn red and beginning to blister , he lip parched . yet there be a curious ease to he repose . if he have lain down here to die , he have do it in peace . this be paden . emmett lift paden 's head and put the canteen to he lip . paden 's eye struggle to open in the glare . he take a few sip of the water . his lip crack with a slight smile at the taste . he look up at emmett , take another sip , and try to speak . emmett must lean down to hear he raspy whisper as he try again . paden please to meet you . ext . night camp - desert - night the terrain here be more hospitable . paden , wrap snugly in a blanket , lie with he head against the saddle from the pinto . emmett be prepare he bedroll across the fire . emmett two of the horse run off , but that pinto you be riding hang around . paden you get no idea what they be after ? emmett shake he head " no " . paden offend anybody lately ? emmett not for five year . paden understand . paden jefferson City ? emmett no , Leavenworth . paden I have never be in there . they just jump you out of the blue ? emmett I have to get up anyway . paden ( smile ) I , I be riding along , mind my own business . four cowboy come by and we decide to ride together for a while , friendly as can be . I always figure you might as well approach life like everybody 's you friend or nobody be ... do not make much difference . we get out in the middle of that fry pan and suddenly everybody 's point they gun but I . I guess they admire my horse . she 's a great one , a sweet little bay . emmett look like that 's not all they admire . paden yup . the whole rig . I do not care much about the rest , but I surely will miss that bay . least they do not kill I . that be right considerate , I think . they be laugh when they leave I . think it be real funny . I walk for a little while but there be no use , so I give it up . figure it be just bad luck . emmett come over and fill paden 's coffee cup . emmett look like that boy be head south , so they be not the same one that jump I . which way you go ? paden where 's the pinto go ? emmett I gotta stop by turley and meet a guy . paden where 's turley ? emmett South of here , past chimayo . paden maybe I will go along as far as chimayo . get I some clothes . maybe a bath . emmett yeah , maybe a bath . emmett settles down at he saddle and pull a blanket over himself . paden glance at the rifle in its scabbard on the pinto 's saddle by he head . paden be this load ? emmett nod and close he eye . paden smile at the imply trust and settles down himself . ext . approaching chimayo - day emmett and paden , who be still clad only in longjohn , ride toward the low , adobe settlement of chimayo . ext . entering chimayo - day emmett and paden enter the town past a cluster of teepee . Three cavalry trooper ride past they . ext . STREET - chimayo - day the little settlement be the center of civilization for mile around . the U. S. cavalry maintain a outpost here , and there be many soldier on the street . emmett and paden pull up to the general store . paden dismount and hand he rein to emmett . passersby look with curiosity at the undress paden . emmett I will get this horse tend . paden nod and look doubtfully at the store . he scratch himself . emmett produce some money and flip paden a coin . paden nod . paden I be good for it . emmett ride up the street , lead the pinto . paden start toward the store and nearly collide with a shocked woman , who cover the eye of the little girl with she and cross the street . paden give a apologetic tip to he non-existent hat as he watch they go . before he can turn back to the store , he eye be catch by something up the street . he react big . what he sees . his horse , a good-look bay . and , dawdle he way out of a saloon , a disreputable - look cowboy . paden 's hand slap he side , where he gun should be . he grimace and look around desperately , then hurry into the store . int . store - day the lone clerk be show a woman customer a bolt of cloth at the back of the store . paden hurry in and make a bee - line to the display case hold handgun and ammo . he spot something he like and tap the glass impatiently . the clerk react with distaste to paden 's appearance . paden Excuse I , there -- clerk I will be with you in a moment , sir . paden look out the front window , up the street . the cowboy be untying the bay 's rein . paden , more agitate now , glance back at the clerk , then move around and open the back of the display case . he extract a shiny , new colt .45 . the clerk react with alarm and move toward paden . clerk just a minute there , fella . when I be do with this lady -- paden I will take this one . he drop he coin on the case top . clerk ( look at coin ) that one 's twenty dollar . paden be frustrated . he lean to peer out the window again . paden how much to borrow it ? clerk this gun be for sale . paden ( indicate he coin ) what can I get for that ? the clerk give up on put he off and come around the display case , disgruntled . ext . in front of SALOON - day the cowboy mount the bay . int . store - day paden hold a break - down memory of a gun as though it be a cow chip . paden ( resign ) what 's it take ? the clerk hold up a box of shell . clerk this be extra . paden snatch it from he grasp and head out of the store . paden I will be back . ext . STREET - day paden hurry out into the middle of the street . several passersby stop to look at he . a teenage girl let out a delighted shriek . in front of the SALOON . the cowboy have turn the bay into the middle of the street and now look to see what all the fuss be about . when he make out paden stand alone , he expression change . paden be have trouble extract a shell from the ammo box . he glance up the street at the cowboy and see that he have be spot . he shake one shell loose and drop the box , try to insert the bullet in the gun . the cowboy pull he six -gun , lean forward , and spur the bay hard toward paden . he raise he gun and fire at paden . there be general alarm in the street as the bystander dive for cover . paden get the shell load as the cowboy bear down on he , fire . the bullet kick up the dust in front and back of paden , who now raise he pistol slowly . a bullet tear through the floppy material at he crotch . the cowboy be almost upon he when paden fire . the cowboy be knock off the horse and hit the street dead . omit ext . STREET - day a big , tough cavalry sergeant have be summon by a trooper and now walk briskly toward -- a small crowd gather around paden , who be affectionately stroking he reacquire horse . two trooper flank he suspiciously . the sergeant glance at the body of the cowboy , then push through the crowd and confront paden . trooper ( indicate paden ) this be the man , sergeant . he claim the animal be steal . sergeant how do I know this be you horse ? the bay nuzzle paden . paden can not you see this horse love I ? sergeant I have a gal do that to I , but that do not make she my wife . paden I will tell you what , on the underside of this saddle I get my name scratch . take a look and you will see . sergeant oh , yeah , and what would you name be ? sheriff cobb ( o.s. ) paden . the sergeant and paden both look to see cobb come through the crowd ; he be a impose man in a duster . paden 's reaction be deep and mix , a whole chapter in he life come back at he . paden ( quietly ) hello , cobb . sheriff cobb hello , paden . how ya do ? sergeant you know this man , cobb ? sheriff cobb I surely do . sergeant ( to trooper ) let 's see that saddle . one of the trooper uncinches the saddle and flop it upside - down in the dust . " paden " be scratch on the underside . sergeant ( satisfied ) all right , move along , folk . get this child out of here . the crowd begin to break up . paden and cobb be leave face one another . cobb take in paden 's longjohn . sheriff cobb I see you be prosper without I . paden it 's be a while . sheriff cobb where 's the dog ? paden 's look pierce cobb , but he bend to pick up he saddle and when he straighten , there be a smile on he face . omit ext . sidewalk - day cobb and paden come out of the general store and start down the sidewalk . paden be a little unsteady in a pair of cheap boot . a small pile of clothing be in he arm . on he head be a bad-look new hat . he catch he reflection in a window and try to give the hat a rakish tilt . paden appreciate the loan . I be good for it . sheriff cobb let 's talk about that . ( a beat ) I be look for some man . paden I have give that up . sheriff cobb so have I . I have get a legitimate job now . I can use a guy like you . paden ( doubtful ) you have get a legitimate job . sheriff cobb yes , sir . you would not believe it . paden you be right . cobb stop and face paden . sheriff cobb this be mighty sweet , paden . I think I finally find my place in the world . paden well I be real happy for you , cobb . but I think I will keep look for mine . kyle , a tough associate of cobb 's , hurry up to they . kyle ( to cobb ) he 's get out . Kyle go back up the street . sheriff cobb ( smile ) c'mon , this will interest you . cobb move off after Kyle . paden watch a moment thoughtfully , then follow . ext . stockade - day Kyle be digging into a saddlebag on one of three saddle horse at the gate of the stockade . trooper guard flank the entrance . cobb come up and stare at the gate . paden reach the end of the sidewalk and lean against a post , watch . the heavy gate be open and a jailkeep step out into the sunlight ; he look back into the gloom . tyree come out , wear civilian clothes , shackle hand and foot . he 's mean . the jailkeep unlock tyree 's iron and step back , a little too quickly . tyree nod at cobb and a smile slit he face . Kyle come up and hand tyree he holster . tyree buckle it on and bend to tie it to he thigh . sheriff cobb look who 's here , tyree . it 's we old riding buddy . tyree look up and straighten slowly at the sight of paden . no love lose . cobb , stand between they , grin and then laugh . he take the rein of he horse from Kyle and swing up . sheriff cobb I invite paden to join we , but he 's not have any . Kyle and tyree mount up . tyree look down at the longjohne paden with a sneer . tyree ( like a knife ) where 's the dog ? the three head out of the village , pass paden . sheriff cobb ( to paden ) you owe I thirteen buck . cobb spur he horse and the three gallop away in the dust . paden ( to himself ) thirteen ... bad luck . ext . restaurant / sidewalk - day emmett and paden come out of a restaurant . paden be now bath and fully dress for the first time and he look quite different , better . the old gun he purchase be stick in he belt . Three horse -- emmett 's , the pinto , paden 's bay -- be tie to the post in the street . paden be fussing with he new , cheap hat . emmett take a close look at paden 's bay . emmett I see what you like , she 's mighty pretty . paden and bridle - wise , too . she 's the only thing I lose I really care about . ( he mess with he hat , disgruntled ) ' cept for maybe my hat . it 's a great one . get a pretty silver band on it . my head spend three year training it . ( frown at he new hat ) I surely do miss that hat . emmett give he a amused look ; this sound kind of familiar . emmett unty he two horse . emmett I gotta be go . paden go to turley , be it ? emmett ( nod ) gotta meet a guy and head out for silverado . paden take the excess rein of the bay and begin idly slapping they around the post , distract . emmett swing up to he horse . paden what 's turley like ? emmett ( he do not make distinction ) it 's a town ... paden they get a saloon there ? emmett I expect . paden woman ? emmett I expect . paden take a long time look around the village 's main street . it do not look promise . emmett regards he with grow bemusement . finally -- emmett maybe you want to ride along with I as far as turley . paden light up slightly at the suggestion . he look up at emmett . this be how paden make he decision this day . he seem to be digest it slowly . paden maybe ... I will ride along ... as far as turley . emmett nod and turn he horse into the street . paden mount up and follow he . ext . trip to turley ( series of shot ) - day the two man , lead the pinto , make they way through desert country to turley . ext . edge of turley - day near the corral at the end of the main street of the small town of turley , a small wagon train be loosely form up , wait . the settler from the wagon train mill about . several regard emmett and paden with unusual interest as they ride by on they way into town . one of the settler be a lovely young woman . she glance at the two man , then return she attention to she wagon . both emmett and paden notice she . she be hannah . ext . MAIN STREET - turley - day a tall gallow be be construct in the middle of a intersection . emmett and paden look it over as they ride past . two workmen pause in they labor and look they over . ext . SALOON / HOTEL - turley - day this be the busy part of town . amidst the street traffic and pedestrian sit a wagon with three settler man , who watch emmett and paden 's arrival with enormous interest . as the two traveler hitch they horse in front of the saloon , the oldest man , hobart , approach they with some agitation . hobart ( yell ) baxter , hawley , where the hell have you be ? you be late ! and I will tell you , I do not like it . it 's a bad start , boy . emmett and paden exchange look . hobart I have get my people sit down there ... ( indicate end of street ) ... swatting fly and raring to go . emmett I be afraid it be a bad start , friend , ' cause my name be not baxter , and he be not hawley . hobart you be not baxter ? emmett my name be emmett . hobart ( to paden ) and you be not baxter , either ? paden no , I be not hawley . hobart well , god -dammit ! god-dammit ! hobart turn and look across to the other settler man . he yell . hobart they be not baxter and hawley ! where the hell be baxter and hawley ! all this commotion have attract some attention and amusement from passersby . baxter ( o.s. ) quit you yell , old man . we be right here . hobart look around to find two tough - look man on horse - back behind he -- baxter and hawley . hobart who you call a old man ? baxter get down from he horse and smile , friendly for he . emmett and paden watch with interest . baxter ( offer he hand ) calm down , Mr. hobart . I be Nord baxter . that there be my partner , Tom hawley . hobart take he hand grudgingly . he 's glad they show up . hobart ( gruff ) you be late . it 's a bad start , boy . baxter ( grin ) yes , sir . we will just have to get you people to silverado that much quick . emmett and paden have continue to watch . now hawley look over at they suspiciously . hobart all right . let 's get go . baxter you remember my letter , do not you , Mr. hobart ? half now and half when we get there . hobart ( remember , impatient ) I remember , I remember . c'mere . hobart , baxter , and hawley move to the wagon , where the two other settler wait . the young of the two , conrad , eye the guide suspiciously . hobart speak to the third man , a huge , bearded fellow call EB . eb sit upon a strongbox in the bed of the wagon , a awesome blunderbuss in he arm . hobart open the box , eb. eb stand , unlatch the strongbox , and open it , revealing a impressive cache of coin and paper money . hobart extract a pouch of coin and hand it to baxter , who pocket it . conrad do not you want to count it ? baxter not at all , friend . we trust you . now let 's get this train on its way to silverado . emmett and paden watch the other five man head in the direction of the wagon train . paden look over at emmett . int . SALOON / HOTEL - day at the back of the big room be a registration desk for the hotel and stair to the room . emmett and paden be eat near a table of three tough Men . emmett be question a waitress , and he question be make she nervous . emmett ... he 's about my size , energetic young fella , wear two gun in a fancy rig . he would be a stranger here . waitress ( move away quickly ) I do not know he , I tell you . I be not see nobody . paden , munch on a biscuit , have notice something out in the street ; he get up and walk to the entrance . ext . SALOON / HOTEL - day what paden sees . the wagon train be move by . paden 's attention be draw to the seat of one of the wagon . Hannah , the lovely settler woman , be there ; sit beside she in a husbandly manner be conrad . paden be interested enough in the pretty girl that he barely register a new arrival at the saloon 's hitching post . the newcomer take he saddle - bag and a Henry .44 rifle from he horse and come up into the saloon . int . SALOON / HOTEL - day the newcomer be a lithe , strong , black man -- mal . he have no other weapon besides the rifle . mal look around the room and walk wearily to the registration desk , although there be no one behind it . he ring a bell for service . at the sound of the bell several of the patron look up and spot mal for the first time . the three tough Men be instantly displease at the sight of the black man . paden , return to he meal , note they attitude and glance over at mal . mal leave he saddlebags at the registration desk , but take the rifle as he walk across to the bar . the nervous waitress be work there . the sight of mal only add to she agitation . waitress ( cold ) what do you want ? mal ( friendly , tired ) I have not have a drink of whiskey or sleep in a bed for ten day . give I a bottle . the waitress hesitates , uncertain . she place a shot glass and a bottle on the bar beyond a elaborate , brass , nude statuette whose upraise arm hold dish full of hard - boil egg . mal have lean he rifle against the bar and must now move a few step to stand before the whiskey . the three tough Men exchange look as mal uncork the bottle and slowly , lovingly fill he shot glass . he put the bottle down and regards the glass for a long moment of pleasant anticipation . mal 's hand have start for the glass when the saloon 's proprietor appear from a back room . proprietor ( sharply ) hey ! what be you do , buck ? mal draw he hand back and straighten slightly . a different kind of weariness come into he face . mal have a drink . proprietor no , you be not . get out of here . the proprietor shoot the waitress a wither look ; she shrug helplessly and hurry away . at the table two of the three tough Men quietly rise and separate , move toward the two end of the bar . emmett and paden watch . mal ( flat ) I have not have a drink of whiskey or sleep in a bed for ten day . proprietor you be not get they here . mal ( gravely ) I be real sorry to hear that . at this , the first man step forward quickly , snatch mal 's rifle , and slide it down the bar . mal look across the distance at he only weapon . paden ( quietly , to emmett ) do not look quite fair . emmett ( watch carefully ) which way do you mean ? the second man lurch up to the bar and pin mal 's arm behind he . the first man move quickly , cock back he arm for a punch square in mal 's face . as the blow be unleash , mal bend forward with terrific speed and force , pull the second man onto he back . the second man 's face be suddenly where mal 's be a instant ago , and the first man 's punch land hard on it . mal slam the second man 's back against the edge of the bar ; he fall to the floor . mal block a blow from the first man and step in with a flurry of body blow . back at the tough Men 's table , the third man push back he chair as if to rise . emmett have just pick up a chicken leg ; now he wave it ever so slightly at the third man : " stay out of it " . the man look at emmett and paden , then settles back into he seat . mal send the first man crash down through a table with a final blow . he turn in time to see the second man , back on he foot , grab mal 's whiskey bottle and break it against the bar . mal look for a frustrated moment at the splash whiskey -- what a waste . the second man lunge with the sharp glass . mal lift the heavy statuette easily with one hand and use its upraise arm to catch the man 's wrist and twist the bottle painfully from he grasp . mal 's other hand hit the man once in the throat , and he be down . the proprietor rise from behind the bar , a saw - off shotgun in he hand . mal spin , swinging the statuette brutally against the proprietor 's arm . the shotgun clatter to the floor as the proprietor recoil in pain , crash into a shelf of glass . the fight be over . suddenly , stand in the doorway hold a levele gun be a enormously tall figure -- sheriff langston . dress rather elegantly in suit and bowler , he dwarf the man at he side , deputy kern . he survey the scene as the three injure man stir back to life . when he speak , it be , surprisingly , with a british accent -- langston what 's all this then ? proprietor this nigger 's break up my place , sheriff langston . langston I do not like that word much , Carter . proprietor we do not serve they here and you know it . I ask he to leave and he go crazy on we . he owe I money for this damage . langston be that a fact ? emmett ' fraid not , sheriff . this other fella start the ruckus . langston 's attention focus on emmett and paden . langston there be three stranger in this room , traveller , and this gent you be accuse be not they . ( to mal , indicate emmett and paden ) be this you friend ? mal ( shake he head " no " ) I want a drink and a bed . I guess I come to the wrong place . langston ( take in the mess ) come to the wrong town . I do not tolerate this kind of thing . it 's hard on the peace , and it 's hard on the furniture . now , know a bit about Carter here , I be go to let you go without pay for the damage . but go you will , and I mean now . mal be there a place in town that take ... my kind ? langston you misunderstand . I want you out of town . in fact , I want you all the way out of my jurisdiction . mal ( seethe ) that be not right . langston I decide what 's right in this jurisdiction . now move . mal glare at langston and , finally , move . he take he rifle from the bar , then walk over , pick up he saddlebags , and sling they over he shoulder . he be almost to the door when he stop , turn , and walk slowly back to the bar . the shot glass full of whiskey have miraculously survive the fraca . mal bring it to he lip and swallow with satisfaction . he turn and go out the front door . langston motion to deputy kern to follow and witness mal 's departure . langston turn and look at emmett and paden as he slowly uncock he revolver and holster it . proprietor who 's go to pay for all this , sheriff ? langston do not press you luck , Carter . langston move to emmett and paden 's table and pull up a chair . he lift the last biscuit from a basket . he take a fastidious bite . langston now let 's talk about you chap . paden we would rather stay . langston we will see about that . I be sheriff John langston . as you may have guess , I be not from this part . paden you be kid . langston ( ignore that ) but the good citizen of turley have take I in they embrace , and for one simple reason . I maintain the peace . so when stranger come to town , I always ask they they business . have you come for the hang ? emmett ( " no " ) I be just meeting a guy here and move on . so far I have not be able to find he . langston in my town , when you be look for someone , you ask I . emmett all right . I be look for a young fella , full of juice . about my size , wear a fancy two - gun rig . langston take a long time reacting to this information . now he slide he chair back a foot , give he gun hand a little more room . langston I know where that gentleman be . omit int . cellblock - evening a lean , young man be bounce around he cell , play hacky sack , keep a small , leather , bean bag from fall to the floor by kick it with he bare foot . this be jake . langston open the door to the cellblock and speak over he shoulder to emmett and paden , who have remove they gun . langston now I want everyone to behave himself . at the sight of emmett , Jake 's face light up . and then he do a extraordinary thing : with one long stride he be across the cell and into the air ; he hit the bar halfway up and cling like a monkey . paden react as if he be one . jake emmett ! be I glad to see you ! emmett ( touch he ) howdy , Jake . what 's go on here ? jake you get I . this be a crazy town , emmett . I think we ought to get out of here . Jake lower himself and dart about as he talk . jake all I do be kiss a girl . emmett ( skeptical ) that 's why they get you in jail ? jake yeah , I kiss a girl and this guy do not like it and we have some word , so I decide to get out of there . Jake look at emmett as though that should make it perfectly clear . emmett wait . jake so I do , I get out of there , I do not want no trouble . you know I . ( indeed , emmett do ) so I walk out on the street and the fella try to shoot I in the back . emmett ... and you have to kill he ? jake no , no , no ! I winge he , and he drop he gun . emmett you be in here for wing a guy ? paden watch , fascinate . jake well , no , not exactly . see then he friend open up on I . emmett what friend be that ? jake the one with the shotgun . langston the dead one . there be a long moment of silence in the cellblock . emmett Jake , I be go to ask you once -- be it self - defense ? jake ( after a moment , quieter now ) honest to God , emmett , he would have kill I . langston the jury see it differently . paden ( put it all together ) so this be the guy you be go to hang ? langston tomorrow morning . ten o'clock . paden ( nod ) I be afraid of that . emmett step back and lean against the opposite wall , look down at he boot . jake emmett , can not you help I ? emmett look up at the young man . he look sad . emmett Jake , you know the law . you know what they do to I . Jake remember . it make he gloomy . emmett blind Pete always say you would hang . Jake 's eye flick over emmett , but he expression do not change . emmett I guess tomorrow at dawn he will be prove right . langston ten a.m. emmett right ... I think they always do it at dawn . ( to Jake ) so long , kid . I be sorry . emmett walk out . Jake watch as the other two follow . ext . STREET - night emmett and paden walk along the sparsely populate sidewalk . they be quiet for a few moment . finally -- paden shame about the kid . seem a lively sort . emmett ( morosely ) he be that . paden I hate to see any man swing . bad luck . emmett bad luck for I . now I gotta bust he out of there . paden stop . emmett have move a couple more step before he notice and turn back to paden . paden you will have to deal I out on that . I have have some experience with that sort of thing , and I do not want any more . emmett I understand . paden it 's not go to be easy . emmett it never be . but he 's my brother . ( paden react ) we be go to California together . but first we be go to stop in silverado and see we sister . and I can not show up there with a story like this . paden nod . he be sympathetic . paden then I guess this be where we part way . sorry . emmett no hard feeling . paden c'mon , I will buy you a drink . emmett you have not get any money . paden all right , you buy I a drink . they cross the street toward the crowded , noisy saloon . paden you know , a good smelly saloon be my favorite place in the world . int . SALOON / HOTEL - night this be the busy place in town , really pack . emmett head for a spot at the bar , but paden , who be take in the scene with relish , stop in he track , stare across the room . what he sees . through the move jumble of body and the heavy smoke , paden 's hat with its silver band , float atop a unseen head at a poker table . paden adjust the old gun stick in he belt and go in that direction . at the table a heavy game be in progress . a ugly cowboy be wear paden 's hat . paden plant himself across the table from the man . in second , paden 's posture bring thing to a halt . quiet ripple out across the room . the Ugly cowboy look up and recognize paden . paden you be wear my hat . what else you get that 's mine ? ugly cowboy I do not know what you be talk about , mister . he shift a little in he chair . his right hand slide off the table . bystander back away . emmett watch from the bar . paden I hope you hand be not tickle my bone- handle colt . if you stand up real slow and let I see , you might live through this night . the Ugly cowboy hesitates , he eye darting . he push he chair back slowly and begin to rise as if in compliance . but now a bone-handled colt be in he hand , clear he holster . paden be quick . he snatch he gun from he belt and fire . paden 's eye , squinting through a cloud of gunsmoke , as we hear the Ugly cowboy 's body crash to the floor in he chair . paden 's glance now dart down at a angle . what he sees . his hat land on the saloon floor , spin once on its brim , and settles into stillness like a toss coin . silence in the saloon . then , in a far corner , the banging of chair and a door slamming . paden 's gun point that way , but there be no one there . only a overturn chair , and a empty pair of boot -- paden' . paden pick up he hat and walk toward he boot . emmett move to the dead man , unbuckle the gunbelt , and pull it free of the body . he pick up the bone- handle colt and put it in the holster , then stop abruptly . we hear the steady advance of footstep across the saloon floor . emmett 's eye follow the off-screen presence . paden , seat , be pull on he newly - regain boot with a delighted air when a shadow surge up and engulf he . he look up . sheriff langston tower over he . int . cellblock - night paden be brusquely deposit in the cell next to a surprised Jake by sheriff langston and deputy block . paden you be make a big mistake . langston be not interested . he and block go out . jake that 's what I tell them . int . sheriff' office - night deputy block eye emmett , who loiter by the door as langston settles himself . langston maybe I ought to throw you in jail too . then you could be with all you friend . emmett I have not do anything . langston I want you out of town before the hang . emmett I will be long go . omit int . cellblock - night paden forlornly regards a snore drunk in another cell as Jake talk to he . jake you mean you be not come with emmett and I ? paden I can not say I be convinced you be go anywhere . jake sure we be . we be leave at dawn . paden I have get no reason to run . it be a fair fight and there be plenty of witness . jake ( bubbly ) yeah , that 's what happen with I too . paden the other guy draw first . jake ( same for he ) right ! paden look a little discourage , but be still unconvince . ext . gallow - MAIN STREET - night emmett sit up on the new gallow in the desert intersection , he leg dangle through the drop trap door . now he begin idly collect wood shaving into a little pile . int . cellblock - night paden step close to the bar that separate the cell and look up at Jake , who be dangle at arm 's length from one of the overhead bar in he cell . paden ( whisper ) you brother seem pretty good , but it be not go to be easy get in here . Jake drop down to the floor . jake he be not come in , we be go out . ( motion ) gimme you belt . paden , try to follow this , unbuckle he belt . jake do not he tell you about blind Pete ? paden ( hand he the belt ) we do not get that far . jake blind Pete teach I a great trick . Jake grasp paden 's belt by the buckle and snap it at paden with a crack , like a lion tamer . int . sheriff' office - dawn deputy block cheat at solitaire while langston doze at he desk . now we hear footstep and banging outside . stable boy ( o.s. ) sheriff ! sheriff ! open up ! block unlock the door as langston come groggily to life . a stable boy bounce at the door , point off . stable boy sheriff langston , come quick ! he disappear . langston go out , call back to block -- langston lock this door and do not let anybody in . ext . sheriff' office - dawn langston hurry up the street after the stable Boy . int . sheriff' office - dawn deputy block bolt the front door . paden ( o.s. ) ( shouting ) hey ! what be you do , you crazy kid ? do not do it ! block draw he six - gun and edge suspiciously toward the door to the cellblock . paden ( o.s. ) oh , Jesus ! somebody stop he ! block turn the doorknob and push the door open with he foot , gun ready . he move into the cellblock . int . cellblock - dawn block move cautiously to where he can see the cell . a strange look cross he face . Jake be hang by the neck from the overhead bar , two belt form the noose , he head at a disgusting angle from he body . one foot give a final twitch and he be still . paden cut he down ! for God 's sake , cut he down ! block be confuse , uncertain . he do not want to go in there . paden hurry up ! you might be able to save he ! block what for ? so we can hang he ? paden , sincerely desperate now , look up at Jake , whose face be turn blue . paden I think I be go to be sick ... when I see what langston do to you when he get here . block let it sink in , then take some key from he belt . block ( to paden ) you get way back there . paden move back quickly , motion for block to hurry . block holster he six - gun , open Jake 's cell door , and go inside . he get up on the cot , pull a knife from a sheath . he strain up against Jake 's body , stretch to cut the belt . suddenly Jake can stand it no longer : he sputter to life , he long -held breath blast in block 's face . block , startle , stumble backwards off the cot , raise the knife threateningly . Jake grab the overhead bar , swing up , and kick block in the chest . the deputy careen across the cell and hit the bar . he throw the knife outside the cell and draw he gun , ready to shoot Jake . as block 's finger pull the trigger , paden 's thumb intrude between the hammer and the fire pin . paden have reach through the bar behind block to grasp the gun with he right hand . now with he leave he grab a handful of block 's hair and slam the deputy 's head hard back against the bar . as block slide unconscious to the floor , paden keep the gun , wincingly uncock it . paden get to be real quiet here . Jake have unhook himself and be freeing he makeshift noose . he rub he reddene neck . jake ( a hoarse whisper ) right . ext . gallow - dawn langston huff to a stop next to the stable Boy , he countenance a picture of outrage befuddlement . he , the stable Boy , and just one other surprised citizen be the only witness : the gallow be aflame , burn like a pyre . langston consider this phenomenon , a suspicion slowly grow in he mind . ext . sheriff' office - dawn paden and Jake come out warily . the street be desert . paden strap he holster on ; he 's glad to have it back at last . not as glad , however , as Jake , who seem to have a nearly religious relationship with he rig , a elaborately tool , double gunbelt with two pearl - handle colt . jake that 's the longest I ever do it . ' Bout bust a gut . paden ( finger to lip : " quiet " ) what now ? jake we wait . the two man move carefully off the porch and into the street . a wood stair go up the outside of the jail to a door . now , high behind Jake , deputy kern come out , nightshirt flap , cock the carbine in he hand . he have thumped down five step before he focus on Jake and paden . he start to raise the carbine . both man see the deputy , but Jake 's reaction be so fast that paden need only watch . Jake spin and , before he have stop , both he colt be erupting in he hand . the carbine fly out of kern 's grasp and clatter down the step . Jake continue to fire -- the stair at kern 's foot splinter and he step backwards and up . Jake continue to splinter the step at kern 's foot , until he have make the deputy exactly retrace he step and retreat back through the door . the fire stop . paden give Jake a odd look . paden may have see someone this fast and good before , but he can not remember it . he put he finger to he lip -- " shhh " . paden where 's you brother ? jake ( reloading fast ) he will be here . a bullet whizhes between the two man as we hear shot from the far end of the street . langston be come toward they fire . they move back to the cover of the jail porch . alley across the STREET . emmett roar into view , riding he horse and lead two other : paden 's bay and the pinto . a window above the jail break open and kern start fire at emmett . down the STREET . langston , behind a wagon , use a british two - hand grip to fire off a few round . emmett bring the horse over , and paden swing quickly up . Jake focus he attention , unleash a fusillade as emmett lead the pinto along the front of the jail . emmett Jake , come on ! down the STREET . langston lift he head from behind the now bullet - pock wagon . he 's impressed . Jake run along the porch , hit the top of the hitching post on the fly , and take off , landing lightly in the saddle of the pinto . the three man gallop out of town in a cloud of dust . ext . ride out of turley ( various shot ) - day the three man ride hell - for-leather away from town . at the first bend they leave the road and head off cross -country , they horse strain up craggy hillside and slide down dusty slope . there be some good riding go on here . omit ext . the chase ( various shot ) - day intercutting the three man and the posse langston have raise , as the posse close ground over choppy terrain . now the three fugitive come through some tree along the bank of a stream and splash across to the other side . ext . a split in the trail - the chase continue - day the three man come thunder along a dusty trail to the place where it split . the high road disappear up the side of a ridge ; the low road be really the bed of a arroyo . the three man exchange look . paden plunge into the arroyo . emmett shrug to Jake , and the brother follow paden . intercutting . the posse splashes across the stream . the three fugitive twist they way through the crooked arroyo . at the split in the trail . langston pull he group to a halt . he look at the track lead into the arroyo , and a smile split he face . he lead the posse up the high road fast . ext . arroyo - day in the arroyo . paden and emmett pull up , look back at Jake , who have stop at the last bend in the gully , watch they rear . now he ride up to the other . jake I think we lose them . emmett there 's nobody come ? Jake shake he head " no " . paden and emmett exchange long look . paden look to the ground above they , even more worried . paden oh-oh . they spur they horse out of there . ext . mouth of arroyo / flatland - day the three rider break out of the arroyo and exchange look of glee on see the clear flatland ahead . shot ring out . they look over they shoulder to see langston 's posse , practically on top of they , pour over the lip of a rise and fire at will . the three man whip they horse and head flat out across the open space toward a cluster of boulder three hundred yard away . they be vulnerable and expose as shot ping around they . they be not go to make it . with the posse . deputy block jump from he horse onto the top of a boulder and lie prone , brace he Winchester for a accurate shot . block ( to himself ) let 's see you fake this one , kid . he be about to fire when suddenly the rocky surface in front of he face explode . he be so startle , he fall off the boulder . another posse member be come between two tall rock when a bullet hit near he head and ricochet into the rock on the other side . his horse rear up , and the horse come up behind he collide with it . langston and deputy kern have just start across the flat , but pull up next to a cactus at this new fire . a arm of the cactus be immediately severe by a .44 slug . kern be that they shoot ? langston ( point ) no . it 's come from that rock . what he sees . paden , emmett , and Jake be now halfway to the cover of the distant rock . another shot crack , and a puff of smoke appear from ahead of they in the boulder . kern let 's go . he be not hit anything . langston you idiot , he 's hit everything he 's aim at . kern ... but they will not be out of we jurisdiction till they pass flat top ! as paden , emmett , and Jake disappear among the boulder , langston rise high in he stirrup to catch a final glimpse . his bowler be blow off he head . he lower himself back to he saddle . langston today my jurisdiction end here . he turn he horse back . the other do likewise . langston ( over he shoulder , to kern ) pick up my hat . ext . boulder - day emmett and paden rein in they froth horse in the natural bowl of rock near a tie horse and the remain of a campfire . Jake have stop short of they and take he horse back to peer out toward the posse . grinning , he come back to the other . the three rider bring they horse around and focus on a spot above they . on the top of the high boulder , mal leave a comfortable , prone shoot position and ease himself down to a lower rock . a bandolier of .44 bullet dangle from one hand . he rest he Henry rifle at a angle across one shoulder . jake ( to the other ) this a friend of yours ? paden he be now . jake who be he ? paden oh , a guy who get run out of town ... emmett ... just like we . ext . high desert - day a awesome rock spire soar into the perfect blue sky above the orange desert . the sight be spectacular . the slow surge of music exhilate . it be the perfect set in which to see the four horseman who now appear on a ridge . here they come -- Riding together , side by side , for the first time -- emmett , paden , Jake , and mal . ext . hill - day the traveller crest a hill above a wide desert plain and pull up at the surprising sight below -- there in the distance , stop dead in a disorderly line , be the wagon train we see leave turley . the horseman exchange puzzle look . ext . wagon train - desert plain - day the settler be cluster near a wagon as the four horseman ride down on they . there be a tense silence as they dismount and approach the group . hobart , the leader , step forward to meet they . after a long perusal -- hobart ( call ) it 's okay , Zeke . from the cover of a nearby wagon , Zeke appear , lowering a shotgun that have be train on the newcomer . emmett hobart , what be you people do here ? hobart this be where baxter and hawley brung we . emmett well , they be wrong . this territory be full of bad character . hobart and they be two of they . look -- he gesture and the settler part to reveal the wagon which hold the money box in turley . the money box be go , but the still form of its giant guardian , eb , lie in the bed of the wagon , dead . hobart baxter and hawley kill poor eb here and steal we money box . ( gesture ) they go north and we be go after they . the newcomer now see that a few of the settler man and boy be prepare to ride in pursuit . mal and paden exchange look , not terribly impressed . emmett forget the money . you have get to get this people out of here . this be no place to be sit with woman and kid . jake you next water be not for three day . hobart we get no life in silverado without that money . everybody put in , that 's we whole stake . paden look around . his gaze fall on Hannah , somber now , but still lovely . conrad , she husband , stand beside she . mal have be watch a little girl cling to the leg of one of the settler man who be go out on the chase . now the black man quietly mount he horse , and speak to a older , solid-look man , mr . parker , stand by he wife . mal how long have they be go ? mr. parker about a hour . emmett and paden watch mal with interest . Jake be excited by this development . he jump up on he horse . jake I will go with you , mal ! paden be not so quick to commit , but then he notice Hannah gaze up at mal and Jake with radiant admiration . he digest that and move toward he horse . paden deal I in . he steal a look at Hannah as he mount up . emmett have watch all this with grow resignation . now he speak crisply , all business . emmett Jake , you know the way out of here . I want you to get this train move toward silverado , and fast . I will go with this guy . Jake be disappointed , but nod agreement . emmett turn to hobart and the settler posse . emmett you man stay with you wagon and you family . get roll and keep you eye peel . emmett move toward he horse , as conrad , rifle in hand , step forward belligerently . conrad wait a minute ! if you do get the money , how do we know you will come back ? emmett ( flash he a look ) if we do not , you can keep my brother . hobart ( to emmett ) I be trust you , mister . conrad ( to hobart ) you trust baxter . I be not let this man out of my sight . as conrad move toward he horse , paden look at Hannah , now stand all alone . paden think he act too quickly . emmett ( indicate Hannah ) if I would bring a pretty lady like that into a place like this , I would stay close . paden react to emmett 's interest in Hannah . conrad that 's none of you business , mister . let 's get go . paden ( quietly , to emmett ) I think you get a point , emmett . maybe I better stay here with she . emmett smile and snap he rein , move out with mal . reluctantly , paden follow , twist around for a last glimpse of Hannah . what he sees . Hannah move toward conrad 's horse , as if to touch she husband . but conrad , he face set in suspicion , barely nod farewell as he sweep by she . she look after he desolately . mal , paden , emmett , and conrad ride off to the north , as Jake begin yell order to the settler to get thing move . what he lack in expertise , he make up for in enthusiasm . ext . high desert ( series of shot ) - day the four man track the killer across the rugge terrain . sometimes , emmett get down from he horse to examine the track . on a flat , rocky expanse , the chase party be temporarily stall . emmett and paden confer , balk . mal , peer ahead , spot something and point it out to the two expert tracker : a steaming horse patty . they head off in that direction . omit ext . rim of BOX canyon - day the four man crawl to the lip of the canyon and get a clear view of the activity below ; the box canyon have be turn into a hideout for the Dawson gang , a band of border raider . there be about twenty - five outlaw move about among the tent , cave , and wagon of the encampment . they horse be pen in a natural alcove in the rock off the main floor of the canyon . the strongbox from the wagon train sit on the tailgate of a wagon . next to it be a large keg of whiskey from which the outlaw be draw generous portion . baxter and hawley have bring the loot proudly back to they cohort , and the celebration be center around this wagon . on the rim the pursuer exchange look in reaction to this new situation . paden ( to emmett ) you know , hang around with you be no picnic . emmett anybody get any idea ? ext . outlaw camp - BOX canyon - day one of the outlaw spill some whiskey onto the money in the strongbox . dawson , the leader of the gang , angrily slam the strongbox close and kick the offend outlaw . suddenly , there be cry of warning from the sentinel at the entrance to the box canyon . hoofbeat echo into the canyon from that direction . the outlaw react en masse with a frightening display of armed readiness . where the trail enter the canyon . from the shadow emerge two gallop horse : on the first be emmett , who hold the rein of the second , across whose saddle be drape the seemingly lifeless body of paden . the sentinel watch they pass under the point of he carbine . at the wagon . emmett dismount quickly and tie both horse to a wheel . Dawson decide not to shoot this guy yet . he watch as emmett run back across the canyon to the cover of some crate and crouch down behind they , look up at the rim above the entrance . the outlaw , gun point , stand around he . tall outlaw ( to Dawson ) should I kill he , Mr. Dawson ? dawson ( approach emmett ) in a minute ! emmett , still cower , look over he shoulder at Dawson . he speak now , and throughout , very fast . emmett I would not do that . you be go to need every gun when that posse get here . dawson posse ? what the hell you talk about ? emmett my partner and I rob the bank in turley and head out with a posse on we tail . my partner there catch one a way back , and I think he kick off while I be look for this damn canyon . you be Dawson , be not you ? I be tex larue . ( offer he hand for only a second ) use to ride with ry Morris . you know he . well , Andy sim tell I there be a hideout here , so I head for it . hope you do not mind . paden , lie over the saddle , he face shield by he hat , wince at this story . dawson you bring a posse to my best hideout and you want to know if I mind . mister , I do not know any of that name and you be about to die . emmett wait a minute ! if you do not believe I , ask they ... ( indicate baxter and hawley ) ... they see I and my pal in turley before we do the job . baxter and hawley peer at emmett and nod to each other . baxter I see them there , all right , but I do not know about any bank job . dawson if you take the bank in turley , where 's the money ? emmett crouch lower , look nervously at the rock . emmett I would get down if I be you . they may be up there now . dawson ( just as he suspect ) no money , eh ? emmett the money 's in my saddlebags over there , but I be not step out to get it . the outlaw , all of whom be stand in the open , think he 's crazy . Dawson motion hawley toward emmett 's horse . hawley be almost there when gunfire erupt from the rock above and hawley go down dead . now all the outlaw hit the dirt , some fire wildly . paden unobtrusively frees he rope . Dawson come down beside emmett . ext . rim of BOX canyon - day conrad and mal fire into the canyon , then move to new position . ext . outlaw camp - day above the entrance to the box canyon the sentinel disappear into the rock , move upward . at the crate . down the line from emmett , a outlaw get hit . the outlaw can not see anything to shoot at . emmett ( agitate ) if we charge they , they will not have a chance . but we gotta get to the horse . dawson what do you mean , the horse ? emmett jump up . he yell to the other outlaw . emmett cover I ! he run in a mad zig - zag toward the gate of the horse ' pen . ext . rim of BOX canyon - day mal , fire rapidly , follow emmett 's route with precision . ext . outlaw camp - day mal 's shot kick up dust inch from emmett 's fly foot . once emmett throw a glance upwards ; mal 's cut it pretty close . baxter slide in next to Dawson , who be think hard . baxter ( indicate emmett ) brave man . dawson I think there 's only a couple of guy up there and this asshole 's one of they . at the wagon . a outlaw be cower beneath the wagon , but do not notice as paden reach out and secure the latch on the money box . at the horse pen . emmett throw open the make- shift gate and run in among the horse , yell and wave he arm . the horse begin to run out of the pen . at the crate . Dawson jump up and order he man forward . a line of outlaw rush toward the pen , all the while fire up at the rim . paden appear at a gallop from behind , pull emmett 's horse beside he . a rope stretch from he saddlehorn to the strongbox bounce along in the dirt . paden come through the line of outlaw fire and head for the pen . a few of the outlaw make the mistake of close the gap and aim at paden 's back . the bounce strongbox knock they head over heel . emmett leap from a rock onto he pass horse , fire behind he . he and paden go down the trail in the midst of the outlaw ' horse . the strongbox careen after they . ext . mouth of canyon trail - day mal and conrad , mount ; be wait as emmett and paden ride out of the mouth of the canyon . Beyond they , the outlaw ' horse scatter toward the horizon . paden jump off he horse and pick up the strongbox . in the rock above they the sentinel from the outlaw camp position himself to fire at the man below . emmett ( to mal ) that be some idea of yours . next time you go in . paden be tie the strongbox to he saddlehorn when there be the loud click of conrad 's rifle be cocked . he nervously point it at the other . conrad I know it . put that box on my horse . mal mister , you get a lot to learn about people . a shot ring out . conrad take it in the chest and fly off he horse . now a amazing sight -- emmett , paden , and mal all turn and fire at once . the sentinel be really dead . ext . desert rise - day below in the distance the wagon train move across the desert , dwarf by giant rock wall . now , come right past camera , at a gallop ride emmett , paden , mal , and conrad 's horse with he body sling over it . ext . desert - day Hannah sit alone on the high seat of she wagon . she be unaware that behind she the four horse approach . and that she husband be dead . omit ext . wagon train camp - night mal , emmett , and Jake lounge about a campfire within the quiet circle of wagon . emmett be whittling a whistle pipe out of a stick . mal after the war my family work a little piece of land near Savannah for a while . but the way it be down there then ... well , they make it hard every way they could . finally my daddy figure the promise land be out this direction . by that time I be so sick of farming , I do not want to touch another hoe ever . I would not come with them . my daddy take it pretty hard . him , my mar , and my little sister head out without I . they have get a little place south of silverado . I guess they have do okay . good enough anyway so that when my mar write I last time , she say they need my help to work the place . that be almost nine month ago she write . letter take a while to find I , but when it do , it be just the right time . emmett where be you ? mal Chicago . work in the slaughter - house . jake Chicago ! you be to Chicago ? be it wonderful ? mal ( remember ) no. paden walk into the light of the fire and pour himself a cup of coffee . emmett where you be ? paden ( catch , vamp ) oh , I be just check the , ah ... ( gesture vaguely over he shoulder ) ... you know , lookin ' in . he concentrate on he coffee and move away from the light . mal , emmett , and Jake exchange amused , know look . jake jeez , paden , she old man be not even cold yet ! mal and emmett laugh . ext . rolling desert - day series of shot as the wagon train roll westward . paden be drive Hannah 's wagon ; she sit beside he on the seat . paden he act bravely out there , Hannah . just bad luck he get hit . could have be any one of we . hannah I do not believe in luck . I know what conrad be like . do not tell I what you think I want to hear . paden never will again . hannah we get marry just before this trip , so we could come out here and try the land . it 's hard to find a man willing to take on a life like that . she pause and take the rein from he . hannah Love be not the only important thing . emmett ride up on Hannah 's side and keep pace beside they , smile at the sight of the couple . emmett how you do , m'am ? get enough help ? Hannah , catch between the two man , smile . hannah more than enough . emmett have you think at all about you plan ? hannah some . I have be talk to the parker . one thing I know I be not do -- I be not go back . omit ext . river crossing ( various shot ) - day the wagon train splashes noisily across the river , driver yell loudly to urge on they team . emmett , paden , mal , and Jake , on horseback , direct the crossing . ext . approaching silverado - day the wagon train be move through pretty , roll country . mal ride up to join emmett and paden on point ahead of the train . in he hand be a yellow letter . he point off to the south where a dramatic half - dome of rock tower above the hill . mal this be it , gent . my mar tell I to head south past that rock . paden good luck , mal . emmett maybe we will see you sometime . mal ( do not think so ) yeah ... maybe . so long . he ride away , and he do not look back . ext . fork of the road ( outside silverado ) - day a buckboard with a man and a young girl in it be stop at the fork , its two occupant stand up and wave excitedly . as the wagon train pull to a halt , hobart climb down from the lead wagon and be embrace by the homesteader from the buckboard , BRADLEY . Bradley point off along the right fork of the road as he speak to hobart . BRADLEY it 's right down this road away . I will ride in with you myself . ( to the girl in the buckboard ) Carol , go spread the word we people be here . the girl , carol , whip the buckboard into motion and disappear down the road . Bradley be look down the line of wagon . BRADLEY I think there would be more of you . but I thank the Lord for each and every one . we will have a solid strip of bottomland under the plow when you people stake you claim . ( a grim look at hobart ) and we be go to need every hand to hold it . at hannah's wagon . emmett have bring he horse up to face Hannah and , on horseback beside she wagon , paden . emmett hope to see you again , m'am . she nod demurely . paden I think I will ride along with the lady here . just take a look at this farmland before I come into silverado . see what make a trip this hard worth take . ( catch emmett 's amused look ) I will see you around . emmett I will be around . at the lead wagon . hobart have what might be tear in he eye as he pick up the rein and look at the countryside . hobart I feel like I have arrive in canaan . BRADLEY when we get here , we think it be eden . and it 's pretty close -- right down to the serpent . the wagon train move out along the right fork of the road as emmett and Jake , wave goodbye , ride straight ahead toward town . ext . entering silverado - day silverado be a sprawling , active , handsome frontier town , a cattle center and supply station for the burgeon silver mine to the west . emmett and Jake ride into town . omit ext . countryside - day mal come around the shoulder of a hill and rein to a halt . he take the yellow letter from he pocket and check a detail . he smile at the stand of cottonwood that mark he route . after all this year , he 's excited to be approach some kind of home . he hurry on . ext . land office / hollis home ( silverado ) - day the land office be in the front of the first floor of the hollis home , a separate , two -story structure on a side street . now we be look down the porch as kate hollis embrace she brother , emmett and Jake . her big , bear-like , gentle husband , j.t. , come out to add he greeting . after the lay on of hand , the attention of all four be draw to the doorway and a figure we can not yet see . now he step shyly into view : eleven - year - old augie . Jake make a show of shaking augie 's hand , man to man . emmett kneel to greet he at eye level ; the boy 's grow a lot in five year . ext . hill - day mal reach the top of the hill , a look of high expectation on he face . but now he pull up sharply , he expression change . not what he expect . down below in a pretty , little valley that recently embrace a farm be hundred of cattle , roam free across the last remnant of the field . and the burnt - out remain of a small farmhouse . ext . farmhouse ruins - day mal dismount near the blacken timber and walk into the ruin . he look around in a daze : he 's home , but there 's no home there . ext . knoll above bradley' place ( homesteader land ) - dusk paden and Hannah be just reach the top of the knoll . in the distance below they be Bradley 's farm , in the barnyard of which the wagon train have pull up for this first night . hannah Mr. and Mrs. parker have agree to join they parcel to mine . we will work they together . ( she point ) mine start right over there . it 's all I have ever want . pretty land , be not it ? paden ( nod , look at she ) and a pretty lady . she turn to face he with a clear-ey gaze that be almost scary . hannah a lot of man have tell I that . maybe it 's true . I guess some woman be slow to believe it . paden believe it . hannah they be draw to I by that . but it never last . paden why ? hannah because they do not like what I want . paden what 's that ? hannah ( turn back toward she view ) I want to build something , make thing grow . that take hard work -- a lifetime of it . that 's not why man come to a pretty woman . he shake he head , agree , though she can not see it . hannah after a while , I will not be so pretty . but this land will be . she turn to face he again . he understand now as well as she that romance be not in they future . but friendship could be . paden Hannah , do not tell I what you think I want to hear . Hannah laugh with he . ext . farmhouse ruins - night mal have make a fire in the remain of the fireplace and be cooking food . as he sit back , he sense he be be watch . he turn . there at the edge of the light stand a old black man hold a Henry .44 rifle like mal 's -- he father , ezra johnson . the two man look at each other a long time . mal daddy ? ezra I see the light . I think maybe rae have come back to see I . but I never think it would be my boy . I never think that . mal go to he and enclose he in he arm . mal ma ? ezra look up at he and shake he head . ezra she be sick for a long time . she be sick when she write you , but she do not say it . I never think you would come . but she do . mal take it hard . they move back to the fire together . mal where be rae ? ezra she 's go , go to town . she hate work on the farm ... ( a bitter glance ) ... just like you . mal ( gesture ) what happen ? ezra they run I off . they burn I out . they make it so I could not do . just like Georgia . if you will not sell , they take it anyway . mal who ? ezra ( as though it be obvious ) the cattle ! this valley run down to a clear creek . that 's why we pick this spot , and that 's why they do not want we here . mal you own this land . ezra I pay the government for it , all right . that do not mean much out here . ( he motion behind he ) malachi , I be live like a wildcat in a cave in that hill . hiding out , afraid to walk my own land . mal what about the law ? ezra whose law ? the law here run a man down -- just like this cattle . mal think about that and grow very angry . finally -- mal that be not right and I have have enough of what be not right . int . hollis home ( silverado ) - night the group be finish dinner in the kitchen / sit room at the back of the ground floor . augie be toot the carve whistle pipe that emmett have give he . kate and emmett begin to clear the dish as Jake and j.t. continue to sit . jake I think run the land office would be easy work , j.t. , but it sound like what you get here be not much fun . j.t . we get a bad situation here , and that homesteader you bring in with you be go to make it worse . ( indicate front of house ) when they come into this office to stake they claim , I think it 's go to be the start of real trouble . they be go to cut mckendrick off on the north . kate j.t. 's do everything he can . I marry a brave man . augie , take that delightful gift you uncle give you out of here while we be talk . ( back to other ) mckendrick pick the new sheriff himself , so j.t. can not even get the law enforce . j.t. half the gunslinger that drift into town turn up on we police force . emmett a man could die of thirst before anybody offer he a drink around here . j.t. pull a bottle of whiskey from a cabinet and set up three glass , but kate pantomime for he to add one for she . emmett maybe you all ought to come to California with Jake and I . ( across the room ) how ' bout it , augie , you want to go with we ? augie sure ! jake you know , augie , there be no school in California . augie ( aglow ) really ? kate augie 's go to grow up here . there 's nothing wrong with the land , it 's just some of the people . j.t . the problem be , emmett , you kill the wrong mckendrick . kate why , j.t. , watch what you be say around augie . emmett do not kill anybody . emmett well , kate , it be self - defense sure enough , but I think you would have to say I kill old murdo . I think that 's definitely the word . jake it be my fault . kate it be not -- it be murdo 's . that mckendrick do not know how to act like human being . j.t. his son be worse than he be . he 's smoother , so you do not always hear he come , but he will do anything to keep he range free . kate ( intensely ) I be worried what he 's go to do when he find out you boy be back . emmett put he arm around she . emmett I think Jake here can take care of himself . I do five year I do not owe . mckendrick ought to be satisfied with that and let it lie . kate look between she brother . she be not reassure . ext . farmhouse ruins - night have smother the fire , mal mount up , then reach down to pull he father onto the horse behind he . they begin pick they way through the cattle when two night -ride cowboy , red and scruffy , approach through the gloom . red be that you , ezra ? scruffy ( to he mate , jovially ) you see pretty good , Red . be there one or two of they ? ( he laugh ) what bring you out of you hole , Johnson ? red we be go to find that place one of this day . who you get with you , ezra ? ezra this be my son . he 's come home . scruffy ai not that sweet , Red ? I be afraid you boy be trespasp on mckendrick land . mal you get it all wrong , mister . this be we place . red what ? Mr. mckendrick buy this place from you father . ezra that 's a lie . mal tomorrow we be go to town to straighten that out once and for all . the next day we will be back here ... farming . and this cattle better be go . the two cowboy be take aback . they look to each other for guidance . mal if I find any cattle on we land after tomorrow , I be go to start carve they into steak . and believe I , that 's one thing I know about . scruffy killing cattle be a hang offense in this part . if we shot you down right now , we would be within we rights . mal mister , you ever see what a Henry rifle can do in the hand of someone who know how to use it ? the two cowboy tense , they gun hand flex . scruffy who would that be ? you ? behind mal , ezra lower the barrel of he own Henry toward the cowboy and cock it . he look like a man come back to life . the two cowboy be dumbfounded . they turn and start to ride away . scruffy shout back at they -- scruffy this be not the end of it ! mal ( to ezra ) we be go to get you land back , daddy ... we land . ezra ( marvel at event ) maybe we will ! maybe we will ! ( pause ) after all , I never think I would get my son back . ext . MAIN STREET - night paden ride along the dark street , draw irresistibly toward the think music , light , and hubbub of the big saloon -- the Midnight Star . int . midnight STAR - night paden come in and look around with some pleasure . it 's a expansive place , busy now with gambler , drinker , and brightly - dress saloon girl . a piano player bang away in the corner . paden have to smile . this be the way a saloon ought to be . now , even paden be home . paden walk up to stand at the bar . the bartender be busy at the far end of the bar . paden be patiently wait to get he attention when he hear a woman 's voice behind he , on he side of the bar . stella ( o.s. ) what can I do you for , stranger ? paden turn to face he interlocutor , but at first can not find she . after a moment , though , he look down to see a small woman in a velvet dress -- stella . paden you work here ? stella I run the place . what can I get you ? she be already move away toward the near end of the bar . he watch she disappear around the end , then see the top of she head appear behind the bar down there . as she move back toward he , she get taller and taller , until she be face he eye to eye across the bar . paden bourbon . as she reach under the bar and produce bottle and glass , paden lean over and peek behind the bar . a foot - wide ramp run the length of it . paden nifty . stella ( smile ) the world be what you make of it , friend . if it do not fit , you make alteration . paden I will drink to that . will you join I , miss -- stella stella . paden paden . stella set up a glass for herself , and they shake hand . paden look up at a carve ornamental star on the back wall , over the word " the Midnight Star " . paden stella ... be you the midnight star herself ? stella I be . I be always there , but I only shine at night . a saloon girl -- a lovely , young , black woman -- rae pass with some drink . paden watch she go , then look around the room . paden my compliment to you , miss stella . this be what I call a saloon . stella thanks . that 's what I call it too . paden and I know what I be talk about . stella you like a good saloon ? paden it 's the only place I be happy . stella I too . what 's wrong with we ? they eye meet for a moment , and a real connection be make . paden you would not be need any help around here , would you ? maybe with the gambling ? stella ( point ) you see that fellow over there in the gray coat ? paden nod , and now we see he too : a big man in some gambler - like finery -- kelly . he be lean over a poker game . stella that 's Kelly , my so-called partner . he run that side . paden so-call ? stella yeah , aside from be a loud-mouthed , lie cheat , he 's just the man I would have pick . paden why would you go into business with he ? stella I do not own this place . the man who do stick I with Kelly . paden who 's the owner ? stella here he come right now . stella nod toward the door , and paden turn to look . cobb enter through the swinging door . he look around with a proprietary air as he walk to the bar . he be almost there before he gaze settles on paden and stella . he stop in he track , and a big grin split he face . sheriff cobb well , look at this ! two of my favorite people in the world , talk to each other . cobb move up and put a arm around paden as he shake he hand . stella be interested in this connection , but she do not faze easily . paden be the surprised one . sheriff cobb stella , this be one of my oldest survive friend . treat he right . stella that be my plan . sheriff cobb ( laugh ) oh , yeah , you two be go to get along fine . you get a lot in common . cobb look across the room and yell . sheriff cobb Kelly , get over here . ( to paden ) you do not come all this way just to pay I back that money , do you ? ( turn to Kelly ) Kelly , meet my friend paden . kelly ( cool ) howdy . sheriff cobb give the man a line of credit . he already owe the house thirteen buck . Kelly cast a wary , appraise glance over paden , nod , and move off . sheriff cobb you get a place to stay ? paden I just get to town . sheriff cobb stella , we still get a extra room out back , do not we ? stella it 's not in use at the moment . cobb come around the end of the bar to stand next to stella . sheriff cobb what bring you into my saloon ? paden luck , I guess . sheriff cobb ( cackle at this ) good old paden . I be hope you would change you mind about the job . paden you do not tell I you own a saloon . cobb look at paden a long time and laugh . sheriff cobb that be not the half of it , friend . he turn away , take off he coat , and hang it on a peg back there . when he turn back , roll up he sleeve , we eye be draw to the same thing as paden 's : a shiny , silver sheriff 's star . sheriff cobb welcome to heaven . int . cave - morning mal be asleep on some hay in the small cave he father have fix up as a hideout and home . a shadow fall across he . ezra stand look at he son with loving eye . in he hand be a water bucket and he Henry rifle . now he turn quietly away . ext . cave - morning ezra emerge . from here , it would be impossible to tell that the cave be inhabit . except that , on this morning , mal 's horse be tie nearby . ezra look around cautiously and move off into the rock . ext . rocky hillside - morning ezra pick he way among the boulder warily . ext . mountain spring - morning ezra come out of the surround rock and go to the edge of the spring . a stream run off downhill from the pool . he prop the rifle against a rock and bend to drink from the spring . he hear something and turn quickly . what he see make he reach for the rifle , but the sound of several gun cocking freeze he inch from it . there be four Cowboys , mckendrick 's man , emerge from they hide place . they eye search the surround rock . scruffy and Red , the cowboy from the previous night , be there , but the leader be hoyt . hoyt where 's the other one , Johnson ? ezra be silent . hoyt you could not leave well enough alone , could you , old man ? ( resign ) we order be to run you two off . if you tell we where you son be , we will not have to do any shoot . ezra you be lie , hoyt ... like always . hoyt not this time . I get my order . ezra think a moment , look over at scruffy , then back to hoyt . ezra my son 's on he way to town . hoyt that 's too bad . you will have to go by yourself . int . cave - morning the distant roar of gun echoe in the small space . mal awake with a start . do he dream it ? he look around . mal daddy ? ext . rocky hillside - morning mal , rifle in hand and frantic , be lose among the rock . now he stop , listen . he hear hoofbeat . he scramble to the top of a boulder and look down . what he sees . the four Cowboys far below be riding away from the base of the hill . ext . mountain spring - morning mal come out of the rock . ezra 's rifle be no longer propped where he leave it . ezra be go . mal rush to the edge of the spring , in agony . he look around desperately , and then freeze . ezra 's dead body be float away down the mountain stream . mal splashes into the water , trip and slide on the slippery rock . finally , he be able to reach ezra . mal sit in the water and hug he father to he . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - morning only a few customer . early light stream in over gambling table drape with dust cover . stella be busy behind the bar . paden and emmett be nursing cup of coffee at a table . paden Hannah 's a smart , pretty woman , but she 's get a hard idea for live . emmett ( do not follow ) yeah ? paden all I be say be , you will not trip over I if you look she up . emmett ( understand , but --) I be go to California with my brother . cobb come in the swinging door , head for the bar . paden wave he over . paden cobb , I want you to meet emmett . he 's a friend of mine . ( to emmett ) this be sheriff cobb . emmett ( shaking hand ) please to meet you , sheriff . sheriff cobb ( interested ) pleasure be mine . always happy to meet a friend of paden' . ( yell to stella ) stella , bring Kelly out here , will you ? cobb turn back to emmett with a odd smile on he face . sheriff cobb you be kate hollis ' brother , be not you ? ( emmett nod ) you be the one who kill old murdo mckendrick . paden watch as the two man let that hang between they . emmett do not have much choice . he be about to shoot my brother in the back . sheriff cobb can not be have that now can we ? stella appear with Kelly , who speak to cobb . kelly you want to see I ? sheriff cobb we be go to make some adjustment . I want you to be here when I offer paden you job . I think he could do it without get greedy . stella and I be tired of you skim we profit . stella be surprised . the charge be true , but she do not know this be come . kelly what be you talk about ? sheriff cobb I be do talk . get out . kelly you can not do this . sheriff cobb ( smile ) really ? without warning cobb hit Kelly viciously in the stomach . stella jump . cobb grab the double - over Kelly by the hair and the belt , and propel he out of the saloon , let go before Kelly crash through the swinging door and into the street . cobb come back toward the table as though nothing have happen . sheriff cobb how about it , paden ? you want the job ? paden , consider , glance at the still swinging door . paden I see you be a understanding boss . cobb chuckle , pick up paden 's coffee cup , and take a sip . sheriff cobb nothing like that will happen between we . paden maybe we ought to ask stella . he turn toward she . she like the idea . stella you would be welcome . she be smile at he warmly when suddenly she eye shift , she expression change , and she scream -- stella no , Kelly ! he will kill you ! cobb be already in motion . he spin , draw he gun , and fire repeatedly at the swinging door . Kelly have be aim over they and be blast back into the street as the slat splinter . cobb holster he gun . the coffee cup be still in he other hand . he take a final sip , put the cup down , and lick a spill drop off he thumb . stella be repulse . cobb fix she with a malevolent look , and he tone be icy -- sheriff cobb thanks for warning I . stella rush out to the street , as emmett and paden get up . emmett and cobb be very close for one moment . sheriff cobb do not have much choice . they go out through the gather crowd . ext . MAIN STREET - day down the street a stagecoach be roll into town . cobb step off the porch to kneel beside Kelly 's body . he look across at the already - kneel stella . sheriff cobb I never enjoy kill a man . stella stand , so for a moment she be taller than he . she stalk back into the saloon . the stagecoach have pull up across the street . a tall , lanky gambler have disembarked and now walk toward the saloon , carry he heavy satchel . he move through the assemble people until he be stand over Kelly 's body . this be slick . slick Excuse I , sheriff . I be a gambler who would like to run a honest game in you town . to whom do I speak about that ? ( glance down ) I hope it 's not this gentleman . cobb like he style . he smile and turn to indicate paden . sheriff cobb that 's he . paden and cobb exchange look for a second . then cobb be bustling off . sheriff cobb I gotta get somebody to clean up this mess . emmett and paden watch cobb move down the street . emmett you use to ride with that guy ? paden look at emmett , then down at Kelly . ext . rear of hollis home - day Jake unhitch the pinto and begin to lead it away . suddenly , augie appear from nowhere on the back porch , jump up to the railing , and leap out toward the pinto 's back -- just as Jake do in the escape from turley . but augie miss and land in the dirt . Jake , irritate , watch the child dust himself off . jake what be you do ? I tell you to practice with a horse that 's not move . Jake turn and start away . augie run after he . augie where you go ? jake I get thing to do , kid . I be a busy man . augie I will go with you . jake ( stop , look at he ) a grow man can not have a little boy with he everywhere he go . Jake walk away . augie watch , then yell -- augie who 's a grow man ? int . supply room - midnight STAR - night stella work at the spigot of some large keg , fill empty bottle with a portion of whiskey , dilute they with water , and corking they . paden come in and watch she . she hand he a bottle to cork and start the process again as he shake it . paden be this a fair mix ? stella I be save life here . the straight stuff would raise a blood blister on boot leather . paden I mean , seem like a lot of whiskey . they share a smile . paden take down a fancier bottle from a shelf , examine the label . paden what 's this ? stella that 's the good stuff . paden oh , yeah ? how good ? she understand he and produce two glass with a grin . paden ( pour the drink ) here 's to the good stuff . stella lift she glass , sealing the bond . stella May it last a long time . before they can drink , the bartender burst in . bartender you better get out here . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - night the room be crowded but silent , freeze . near the middle of the bar the sexy , young , saloon girl , phoebe , stand frighten between Jake and tyree , the mean fellow we see release at chimayo -- now a deputy for sheriff cobb . the two man appear about to draw . phoebe nothing happen , tyree . this be my job . tyree shut up . jake I do not believe a lady have to explain anything to a man this ugly . slick watch from a card table nearby , with rae stand beside he . now he hand drop casually from the curve of she rear to the vicinity of he boot . paden and stella come up on opposite side of the bar , he in front . paden see everything in the room : tyree 's friend , deputy Kyle and garth , be behind Jake and clearly poise to kill he if tyree fail . paden what 's the problem here ? tyree ( with venom ) stay out of it , paden . stella he can not do that , tyree . cobb 's hire he . tyree that 's cobb 's mistake . stella come out of there , Phoebe . you have do enough . as Phoebe start to move from between the man , tyree grab she viciously by the arm . in the instant of that movement , paden 's hand flash out and draw tyree 's colt out of its holster from behind . garth and Kyle tense as tyree whirl on paden , eye flame . but he own gun be point at he chest . paden get out of here , Jake . jake all I do be kiss the girl . paden that 's what you say in turley . you remember how that end . jake what 's the matter , paden ? you afraid I could not get that two behind I ? paden I do not want you get anyone in my place . Jake look at paden , who motion he out with the gun . Jake start to move grudgingly , but first flash Phoebe a big " see you later " look . he go out . tyree ( to paden ) I should have kill you a long time ago . paden flip the gun in he grasp and hand it to tyree , butt first . paden why not now ? the situation be now totally reverse , and no one can quite believe it . tyree cock the gun . at the poker table slick lift he pant leg , revealing the handle of a custom - make dagger secrete in he boot . stella do not do it , tyree . I just lose a partner . if you kill he , I will never get anyone to work here . tyree consider for a moment , then holster he gun . to stella -- tyree better start look . he go out . garth and Kyle follow . Phoebe hurry away from stella 's hard look . slick relax . the piano kick in . paden lean against the bar toward stella . stella you really be a gambler . paden give I some of the good stuff . ext . rooming house - day a door open on the upstairs porch and rae emerge , giggle and buttone she dress . a hand reach out and pull she back inside for another squealing embrace . she push herself free and come outside again , then start down the exterior stair . she be almost to the bottom when she stop suddenly . mal stand at the bottom of the stair . they look at each other a long time . conflict emotion race across rae 's face , but the winner be cold anger . mal hello , rae . rae what be you do here ? I think you be do with we family . mal daddy 's dead . rae seem to sway , then sit down on the stair above mal . for a moment she be somewhere else , but when she return , she look be as hard as before . mal he be murder . rae who do it ? mal I be not sure , but I get a idea . and when I be sure , they be go to pay . rae ( bitter ) oh that 's just fine . where be you when ma and daddy need you ? it 's too late , mal . now you finally show up and all you can think of be to get yourself kill . now slick come down the stair behind rae , pull on he jacket . mal glare at he ; this be who can buy he sister now . slick be you all right , rae ? rae yeah , I be okay . slick seem unperturb by mal 's glare . to rae -- slick will you introduce I to you friend ? rae he 's not my friend . he use to be my brother . slick ( offer he hand to mal ) calvin stanhope ... but my mother call I slick . mal just look at the proffer hand . slick retract it without offense . slick I know what you be think , mister , but I think rae 's a special lady . Excuse I . slick come down past mal and move off . mal watch he go , then turn to rae . mal what be you do here , rae ? this be not for you . rae it 's none of you business . mal rae , all we get be each other . rae ( stand up ) I do not have any family any more . she brushes past he and be go . omit ext . bradley' place - night Carol , Bradley 's daughter , and a friend be play on the roof of the farmhouse , above the noisy activity of the welcoming celebration . now Bradley step into the foreground . BRADLEY do not fall off of there , you fool ! hobart might do they some good , Daniel . I be not worth a damn until I fall off the barn on my head . the two man turn to look at the dance . it 's a festive scene all around : table be laden with food near a large bonfire , a few of the cover wagon be pull up nearby , child dart about before the pick - up band of musician . now we see , here among the sodbuster , whirling by with a comely lass , Jake , look mighty slim without he double gunbelt . he and he partner glide by emmett , who stand shouting over the din with Hannah and Mr. and mrs . parker . mrs . parker Hannah 's the hardest - work gal I ever see . mr. parker it 's go to be all right . emmett I wish you the best , Mrs. parker . Mr. parker twirl he wife off into the dance . emmett and Hannah , a slightly awkward couple , stroll away from the music . this be the first time emmett have seem less than certain . emmett the parker seem like nice folk . hannah they have be kind to I . emmett ( after a few step ) paden send he best . hannah ( smile ) I guess I put a good scare into he . emmett smile in agreement . hannah I be surprised to see you out here tonight . emmett I just come out to say goodbye . hannah ( stop ) Goodbye ? emmett yeah , I and Jake will be head out for California soon . Hannah be silent for a moment . she sit down at one of the table and look at he . for the first time there be a softness in she voice . hannah you come all the way out here to tell I you be go to California ? all you have to do be go , and we would never see each other again . emmett that 's why I be here . she give he a odd look , a soft challenge to he reticence . hannah why ? he sit down beside she and look at he boot . emmett you do not make it easy on a fellow . hannah do not paden tell you that ? emmett smile at that and look into she lovely eye . after a long moment -- hannah maybe you think you would be back this way someday . emmett yeah ... that must have be it . up on the roof of the farmhouse , Carol be yell and gesture to she oblivious father below , while she friend stare freeze into the night . Jake be wiping he brow as he stand at the edge of the dancer . he look up at Carol quizzically . only now do we hear it , over the din of the music : the thunder of hoof . out of the night , stream around the farm building , come a horde of mask Cowboys , mckendrick 's man . they send up a horrible yell and begin fire they weapon in the air . they arrival be so sudden that the celebrant be freeze in they place , mother hugging child to they , man far from they weapon . there be scream . emmett grab a panicked child from the path of the horse and move back , pass she to Hannah . he 's try to gauge he response in the midst of all this innocent . two Cowboys have roped opposite end of a section of fence and now pull the deadly drag , already thick with ravage corn , through the barnyard , knock over everything in its path . Jake slide through the chaos toward he gunbelt , hang on a peg on the barn wall . a cowboy pull the gate from the pigsty , and the pig squeal out . another cowboy begin shoot they with a Henry rifle . on the roof , Carol look in horror at the death of she prize sow . emmett be herding as many settler as he can toward the cover of the barn . Bradley edge toward the door of he farmhouse . hobart be urging some woman between two wagon . a cowboy ride by and kick he viciously . hoyt pull up , look around , then gesture to some of he man . two Cowboys with prepare torch in they hand ride up to the bonfire and swing low , lighting they firebrand . one move ahead toward the farmhouse , rein he horse , and heave the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two child perch . in the air , the tumble flame suddenly explode at the roar of a shotgun . spark shower harmlessly to the ground . Bradley have shot it out of the air with one barrel of he shotgun . the blast have create a momentary , shocked lull in the attack . Bradley look wild . emmett watch , fearful . his hand be on he gun . hoyt look at Bradley . Bradley swing the shotgun around toward the other torch - bearer . the cowboy who toss the first torch shoot Bradley dead . Carol scream . emmett look across the yard at Jake , who step out from the cower homesteader , a gun in each hand . emmett draw and kill the man who shot Bradley . now all the settler hit the dirt . Jake fire from both hand repeatedly . one cowboy die and another take it in the arm . the man who be shoot the pig swing he rifle around toward Jake , and emmett kill he with one shot . hoyt react big to the presence of deadly wolf in the midst of this sheep . he peer through the tumult , try to see they face . his Cowboys be shoot wildly into the crowd now , but he ride through they , signal a retreat . emmett jump from the top of a fence to the roof of the house , the Henry rifle in he hand . he scramble to the peak of the roof , where the two child still cower . brace the rifle on the chimney , he take careful aim . once ... twice ... he fire . one cowboy dead , one wounded and flee . Hannah run up to the riderless horse of a fall cowboy and pull a rifle from its scabbard . she cock it and fire off at the retreate Cowboys . Jake mount a horse pony Express - style and ride out of the barnyard . omit ext . bradley' place - night later . emmett lower a weep Carol to the ground . the girl rush toward she fall father and she mother , who cradle the body . hobart intercept the girl , try to shield she from the sight . emmett 's eye meet hobart 's . hobart let Carol go . emmett walk through the devastation to where Hannah stand daze , rifle still in hand . emmett put he arm around she . she jump at he touch , then move against he . Jake ride into the barnyard and up to emmett . he be flushed . jake there 's two more out there walk home , if they can walk . emmett 's gaze be catch by something across the barnyard . Hannah follow he gaze . Mr. parker stumble out of the darkness at the side of the barn , sobbing . Hannah break from emmett and rush to Mr. parker . when she be beside he , she freeze , stare into the shadow . emmett watch . ext . alley / STREET - silverado - day augie be stand circus-style on the saddle of the pinto as he ride down the alley . as he approach the main street , he foot slip , and he bump down hard into the saddle . the horse be barely in he control as he bounce out into the busier thoroughfare , and into the path of -- a impose phalanx of four horseman : hoyt , scruffy , swann , and they boss , ethan mckendrick . the pinto shy as the horseman pull up abruptly . augie sorry ' bout that . swann look with interest at the pinto , then reach out and grab the rein from augie 's hand . augie hey ! swann where would you get this horse , kid ? augie this be my uncle 's horse . swann the hell it be . mckendrick ( irritable ) what 's the problem , swann ? emmett step off the sidewalk on the other side of the street and approach the group , he eye on mckendrick . emmett yeah , what 's the problem ? mckendrick turn at the sound of emmett 's voice . something powerful flick through he eye , but not too many people would see it . mckendrick emmett . emmett mckendrick . hoyt eye emmett , who seem familiar . emmett look at swann in such a way that swann release the rein of the pinto . mckendrick I do not know you be out . emmett do it seem short to you ? mckendrick react to emmett 's tone . mckendrick that 's all over as far as I be concerned , emmett . I be satisfied . emmett sound good . mckendrick all right then . ( to he man ) let 's go . swann Mr. mckendrick , do not you recognize that pinto ? mckendrick ( do not ) what ? swann that 's Lee 's horse . hoyt shut up , swann . now mckendrick understand . he avoid emmett 's gaze and speak to swann . mckendrick forget it . emmett wait a minute . get down off of there , augie . augie hop down as emmett take the rein . emmett give augie a look and a small nod , and the boy step away . emmett look once again at the distinctive brand on the pinto 's flank , a circle with two wavy line beneath it . now he lead the pinto around beside mckendrick 's horse so he can see the brand on that animal . mckendrick have to twist in he saddle to watch emmett . the brand be the same . emmett look up at mckendrick . thing be clear between they . emmett the man who lose this horse must have be work for you . I should have know . but you change you brand , ethan . mckendrick 's tone be different now -- mckendrick a lot of thing change when my father die . emmett lay the rein of the pinto across the front of mckendrick 's saddle , but they might just as well be a gauntlet . mckendrick pick they up . he and he man move down the street . emmett walk over and take augie beneath he arm . down the STREET . hoyt ride close to mckendrick but look back over he shoulder . hoyt Mr. mckendrick , he be one of they last night at Bradley 's . mckendrick react : more bad news . int . land office - day j.t. supervise the newly - arrive settler as they file they homestead claim . there be a battle - weary but resolve air to the group after the night attack . they be go to stick it out . the last step in the filing process be to sign in a large register . Mr. parker sign and move away . Hannah step up for she turn . her face be a little harder today , but she hand be steady . ext . land office / hollis house - day several of the settler ' wagon be here , guard by vigilant , armed man . they attitude have become more wary , siege -like . parker climb onto a wagon . Hannah be about to follow when emmett approach with augie , who run off around the house . several of the settler greet emmett warmly . emmett look closely at Hannah 's face . emmett be you all right ? hannah this be a brutal land . emmett you must have know that before you come . hannah it 's one thing to know it ... she look off , then bitterly -- hannah we tell sheriff cobb about the attack . ( with a edge ) he say he would ... look into it . ( emmett understand ) I can not believe he 's the law out here . now I see why you all wear gun . emmett how 's Mr. parker do ? hannah just like you would think . but he 's not go to run . we be stick to we plan . now we both need help . emmett look she over . he 's not like she any less . int . sheriff' office - silverado jail - day cobb sit with he boot up on he desk . mckendrick sit in the shadow across the room . sheriff cobb he must be pretty good . mckendrick he 's good , all right . too good for my man . that 's why you have get to take care of it . sheriff cobb what about he brother ? mckendrick we will handle that . he 's careless . cobb look out the window . sheriff cobb thing be get messy around here . ( he look at mckendrick ) I hear ezra Johnson get himself kill . mckendrick I hear that too . sheriff cobb do you hear he son be still around ? mckendrick react to that , and cobb can not suppress a smile . mckendrick see it and stand up . mckendrick cobb , look like you be finally go to earn you money . int . office - midnight STAR - night stella and cobb have be divide the receipt between they . cobb put another sum in a leather pouch . sheriff cobb this will be for paden . stella be impressed by the amount . cobb note she reaction . sheriff cobb it 's a advance . we want he to know he 's go to be happy here . stella I would not worry about that . sheriff cobb I think you two would get along . cobb open the office door and hold it for stella . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - night cobb and stella come out into the saloon , which be not yet crowded . stella move up she ramp behind the bar as cobb walk along in front of it . stella from what I have see , paden do not care much about money . sheriff cobb he say he do not care about anything , but he do . there 's just no tell what it 's go to be . slick be stand at the bar . cobb settles in next to he . they nod at each other . sheriff cobb howdy , Mr. slick . slick sheriff . cobb turn to stella , who have put a bottle before he and be pour cobb and herself drink . cobb seem to be include slick in the follow story , though he address stella . sheriff cobb let I tell you about you friend paden . I and he and tyree and a few other boy do a good bit of riding together a few year back . Business , you know , and business be pretty good . we be move around a lot , the way you have to in that work , and somewhere along the line we pick up this dog . one of the boy take to feed it , so it follow we everywhere . anyway , this one time we be leave a little Missouri town in quite a hurry , with a bunch of the local on we tail . the dog somehow get tangle up with tyree 's horse and tyree go fly . tyree be pretty mad when he jump up , so he shot the dog . do not kill he , though . before you know it , paden 's off he horse and hold the dog . he would go all strange on we . Said we should go on without he . I think he be kid at first . but he be not . tyree be ready to plug them both . and all this with the posse come down on we . here I think we be pal after all that riding . and suddenly he 's more worried about a mutt . so we do like he ask and leave he . he go to jail for a dog . stella have be listen intently . now she glance shift : paden have walk up beside cobb . cobb lift he glass to paden with a grin , but speak to stella . sheriff cobb and you want to hear the funny part ? paden do not even like the damn dog . paden give cobb a odd glance but smile . paden it even out in the end . they lock I up , but the dog sprung I . cobb and slick laugh , but stella just watch paden . stella where 's the dog now ? paden he leave I . cobb take the bottle and a couple glass . sheriff cobb c'mon , paden , I will buy you a drink . cobb lead paden to a table in the corner . as paden sit down , cobb drop the pouch on the table . paden glance at the content as cobb pour the drink . sheriff cobb I take out thirteen dollar . paden this be a lot of money . sheriff cobb I tell you this be a sweet set-up . paden it be that . sheriff cobb maybe you could run it without stella . paden look sharply at cobb . with some heat -- paden this be she life . I will go before she do . cobb be amused but not surprised . sheriff cobb easy , boy . just a idea . paden well , thanks , but forget it . sheriff cobb you know , paden , what make all this work be I do my job . the fellow you come to town with be cause some trouble . it 's go to take a little straighten out . I have my responsibility . I want you to understand . it have nothing to do with we . paden look at cobb a long time , then at he drink . paden what be it you want from I ? sheriff cobb nothing . do nothing . do not get between we . paden I be a great believer in do nothing . sheriff cobb so we understand each other ? paden do not worry about I . if you be take on emmett , the last place I want to be be between you . ext . arroyo - outside silverado - day we move along the burnish barrel of the old Henry .44 rifle to emmett 's eye , sighting along its length . now we see he target . in the distance be a small cactus plant . emmett squeeze off a shot . the cactus do not move . he aim again and fire quickly . again , nothing at the cactus . at the cactus . now we be right behind the target plant , emmett in the distance . when he fire , a thin needle at the top edge of the plant be blow away , the bullet leave a shallow trough in the green skin . he fire again , and the next needle disappear . now there be four trough . he 's be hit from the start . emmett lower the rifle , walk back to he horse tie nearby , and leave the rifle , then move away from the horse again . he stop , look at a can in the dust fifty foot away . he shake the finger of he gun hand once , then very quickly : he draw he colt and fire . the can jump into the air . while it be still move , emmett holster the gun , release it , then draw again and fire . as the can jump once more , emmett repeat the action . six time he draw . the can do not stop move until after the last shot . the horrible noise echoe away as emmett hold the empty gun before he . from behind a rock ahead of he , deputy garth appear . garth you be empty , mister . emmett immediately begin to bolt toward he horse . a lasso settles around he arm and whip he viciously backwards . in a second he be back on he foot and run like a bull toward deputy Kyle , who have step from the brush to throw the rope . immediately a second lasso catch emmett from the other side and pull taut . a deputy on horseback , charlie , have roped he . Charlie and Kyle pull they rope , yanking emmett onto he back . now appear around a bend in the arroyo be tyree , a nasty glint in he eye . he ride hard directly toward emmett . emmett watch the pound hoof approach . he struggle but can not move . tyree 's horse thunder over he , one hoof catch he side with a sicken thud . emmett writhes in agony . tyree turn he horse and head back . Kyle pull harder on he rope . tyree ride over emmett again , but we can not see the damage for the dust . tyree walk he horse over and look down , as garth , Kyle , and Charlie converge . emmett 's head be bleed , he body crumpled . but he look up at they through pain-squinted eye . garth ai not you dead yet , mister ? tyree cobb say he would be hard to kill . they all laugh at this . tyree ( to emmett ) guess you could not hear we come . ( to the other ) he be practice so hard for a fight , he miss the whole thing . the other cackle . garth draw he gun . garth so long , stranger . he start to lower the muzzle toward emmett . there be the echoing crack of a shot and the gun fly from garth 's shattered hand . mal stand on a rock above they , he rifle point . mal I do not want to kill you , and you do not want to be dead . Drop you gun . the other deputy exchange glance as garth bend in pain . kyle he can not be that good , tyree . tyree do you want to find out ? charlie ( drop he rope ) I think we should do like he say . as the other start to unbuckle they holster , Charlie , the compliant one , draw on mal . mal shoot he out of the saddle , dead . the other freeze . ext . trail - base of hill - day mal come into view , lead a motley remuda . emmett be tie onto he horse , unconscious . the four deputy ' riderless horse be strung along behind . all they gun have be tie on emmett 's horse . now mal release the extra horse and shoos they away . he lead emmett 's horse up the trail into the hill . ext . cave - day emmett and mal 's horse be tie near the entrance . int . cave - day mal have tend to emmett 's head wound and now bind a large , ugly bruise on he rib . emmett , half - conscious , writhes in pain , and now he eye flicker open . confused , he make a futile attempt to rise . emmett ... gotta go ... mal sure . emmett pass out again . ext . road - outside silverado - dusk the three survive deputy , gunless , trudge along the road . garth hold he wounded hand close to he body . int . cave - dusk emmett lie sleep in the flicker light of the fire . mal sit nearby , he Henry rifle lie at he foot . he be examine the Henry that emmett have at the arroyo . emmett wake up , wince . emmett where be we ? mal someplace safe . how you feel ? emmett 's look make it clear -- " bad " . emmett I would be worse if you have not come along . mal I do not just come along . I be look for you . ( emmett do not understand ) Jake say you be out there . I see he in town , and he tell I about that business the other night . Said you boy take a Henry off one of mckendrick 's man . I want to see it . emmett that 's it . mal look at the rifle in he arm sadly . mal this be my father 's . the man who kill he take it . emmett ( look at he a moment ) I be sorry . emmett try to move he pain - rack body . emmett I gotta get to my brother . if they come after I , they will want he too . mal you will never make it . emmett ( still try ) have to . mal reach out with a strong hand and ease emmett back down . mal I will go . I will bring Jake out here . emmett ( after a long look ) be careful . you be in it now . and it 's gonna get mean . mal so far that 's all I see in this life . ext . / int . livery stable - edge of town - dusk it 's quiet here , nobody around . we move up to the hay - load window at the loft level . now Jake dive into view , leaping from the hayloft to a beam and flipping completely around it . we hear giggle . Phoebe climb the ladder onto the loft and look in wonder at she manic companion , who now fly back onto the loft . they look at each other with hungry anticipation . ext . alley / STREET near hollis house - night mal , on foot , make he way cautiously through the gloom to the end of the alley . he look over at the hollis home and land office , window aglow . now mal spot a cowboy down the street smoking a cigarette as he lean against a hitching post . mal be peer at he uncertainly when the front door of the hollis house open , and kate step out onto the porch . the cowboy step quickly back into the shadow , and mal note it . kate vigorously shake a tablecloth over the railing and turn back inside , talk as she go . kate augie , I have have enough of this . kiss you father and get in bed . she close the door behind she . mal see the cowboy call Red come down the street and hurry away in the direction he come from . Red come up to the watching cowboy . red no sign of he yet ? ( " no " ) he be not at the saloon either . watching cowboy where be that boy ? int . rae' room - midnight STAR ( second floor ) - night rae be finish she evening 's makeup in the crack mirror of she cramped , little room . mal slide in the door behind she , close it quickly . he carry he rifle . she see he reflection and stiffen but continue make up . rae get out . we have nothing to talk about . mal rae , I need help . rae why come to I ? mal because you be my sister . there 's nobody else . ( a beat ) the man who kill daddy be after Jake . I gotta talk to he . rae what 's stop you ? mal they be watch the hollis place . I can not get through . rae what make you think I could ? mal why would they stop you ? rae ( bitter irony ) because I be you sister . mal sit down on she bed . she look at he a moment . rae wait here . int . SALOON - night stella be work behind the bar . slick be play poker at a table nearby . now rae appear and whisper in he ear . he throw in he card , get up , and follow she toward the stair . stella watch . int . rae' room - night mal look up as the door open , then stand up when he see that rae have bring slick with she . mal why he ? rae shut up . you need help , do not you ? ext . church - silverado - night we be look up at the church steeple from across the square . now slick step into the foreground , look around , and wave someone on from behind . mal come into the frame . slick ( quietly ) Jake say he would meet you behind the church . be careful . they be all over the place . mal 's opinion of slick have soften . he offer he hand . mal thanks . slick ( shake hand ) good luck . mal look around , then slip away toward the church . slick stand and watch . ext . back of church - night mal come around the corner of the building . cobb be loung comfortably on the back step . mal aim he rifle , but cobb do not move . sheriff cobb you must be ezra Johnson 's boy . mal cock the hammer . sheriff cobb do not shoot the sheriff . it 's against the law . Three deputy appear quietly out of the shadow behind mal , they gun point . the door behind cobb open , revealing garth , he hand bandage . mal lower the rifle . sheriff cobb so 's kill a deputy . tyree come up behind mal and take the rifle from he hand . suddenly he hit he in the kidney with the rifle butt . mal go down . sheriff cobb we be go to give you a fair trial ... garth have come down the step and over to mal . he hold he bandage hand out in front of he , then kick mal viciously . sheriff cobb ... follow by a first - class hang . finally cobb get up and walk over to look down at mal . sheriff cobb or you can ride out of here before dawn . mal turn he head so he can look up at cobb . sheriff cobb all you gotta do be tell I where to find you friend emmett . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - night rae be serve drink at a table in the noisy saloon . she see slick come in . they eye meet , but he go to the bar and order a drink . she hurry over there . slick throw back a shot and turn to she , upset . slick do you brother tell you he kill a deputy ? rae be take aback . slick Jake never show up . sheriff cobb arrest mal . take he off to jail . rae begin to crack . slick take she into he arm . stella move up behind the bar , look closely at rae . stella what 's go on here , rae ? int . cellblock - silverado jail - night Close on mal as he dab at a split lip with the tail of he shirt . he 's sit on a cot in a cell . he have be beat more . as the door to the outer office clang open , he react with resignation ; here come more pain . but when he look up , it be paden stand outside the bar . behind paden , garth throw a hostile look at mal and go out . paden note mal 's condition . mal regards paden coolly . paden why be they do this , mal ? mal because they enjoy it . paden I hear from stella you be try to find Jake . what happen to emmett ? mal you do not know ? paden take the rebuke and shake he head " no " . mal cobb 's man just about kill he . that 's what happen . paden react . mal I get there just short of too late . paden ( pain ) lucky . mal snort derisively at that and glance around . mal yeah , it 's work out real good . paden where 's emmett now ? mal give he a disbely look . mal you be work for cobb this day , be not you ? paden grimly acknowledge that . mal you friend have be beat I to find that out . you think I be gonna just tell you ? mal get up to face paden , separate by only a few inch and the steel bar . mal you waltze in here pretty easy , and you can go out the same way . ( motion he away ) I they be figure to carry out . paden know that no explanation will suffice here . sadly , he turn away from he former riding companion and leave . omit ext . alley behind midnight STAR - night rae wait nervously behind the noisy saloon , peer into the darkness . now she see what she 's be wait for : paden come out of the shadow . his mind elsewhere , it take he a moment to focus on rae . rae be he all right ? paden ( consider a moment ) it look bad , rae . he 's a hard man , and he will not give they what they want . it 's gonna cost he . rae can not you stop they ? paden I do not think so . rae begin to cry quietly and lean against a wall . Phoebe appear from the other direction and go up to rae . phoebe rae ? it 's Phoebe . ext . rear of hollis house - night Jake have put he horse in the little corral behind the hollis house . he whistle as he go up onto the back porch and in the door . int . kitchen / sitting room ( hollis house ) - night there be one , dim lamp burn in the room . Jake sail he hat across the room onto a hook , pick up a match , and light a second lamp . he call out softly . jake kate ? he pick up the lamp and move toward the dark office at the front of the house and the stair which lead upstairs . he step through the door and freeze . a cocked six - gun appear near he ear . int . land office ( hollis house ) - night in the light of Jake 's lamp he see : four mask man have kate , j.t. , and augie gag and hold at gunpoint . the little boy be in he nightshirt . for one long moment Jake seem to be consider a play . mckendrick be the one with the gun to Jake 's head . mckendrick do not . ext . alley behind midnight STAR - night rae have be tearfully tell Phoebe she story as paden stand nearby . phoebe look for Jake ? Jake 's be with I all evening . I just leave he . paden ( suddenly alert ) where be he now ? phoebe he go home . paden take off run into the darkness . Phoebe look after he , confuse . rae grab she by the shoulder . rae all evening ? even after slick come ? phoebe slick ? rae begin to understand a awful truth . ext . STREET in front of hollis house - night a mask man ( hoyt ) steady Jake , hand bound behind he back , on one of the horse Red and the watch cowboy have bring up to the front of the house . another of the man ( scruffy ) be just come out onto the porch . int . land office - night Inside only two mask man remain , mckendrick and swann . j.t. watch they with hostile eye . swann notice kate peer out the window at Jake . swann take a long look , lady . it 's the last you will see of he . mckendrick shut up . mckendrick have be look thoughtfully at the ledger and record shelve around the land office . now he pick up the lamp Jake bring into the room . it light he eye above the bandana mask . they lock with j.t. 's . mckendrick heave the lamp into the shelf . kerosene flame engulf the ledger . mckendrick start to move toward the door . j.t. snap . he pick up a heavy register book and hurtle it with enormous force , hit mckendrick in the back of the head and knock he down . j.t. dive for mckendrick 's gun . kate watch in terror , then see swann point he gun at the scramble j.t . she grab swann 's arm , and he gun fire into the floor . j.t. come up with mckendrick 's gun and fire quickly at swann , who have throw off kate . swann , hit in the shoulder , crash back through a window and out onto the porch . ext . STREET - night Jake react in anguish and twist in he saddle . hoyt point a cocked gun at he . int . land office - night scruffy , back at the door now , fire twice into j.t. , slamm he big body backward against the base of a counter . kate 's scream be muffle by she gag . augie , eye wide , dart to he father 's body , but rather than embrace he , he pries the gun from j.t. 's finger and raise it toward scruffy . kate see what 's happen and leap at scruffy . he viciously pistol - whip she . her unconscious , fall body knock the gun from augie 's hand . mckendrick be straighten now , he head clear . his bandana have fall from he face . he look in horror at the wounded hollise . augie stare at he reveal face . scruffy 's gun be cocked and point at augie . mckendrick stop it ! scruffy he see you . mckendrick hate the way it 's go . mckendrick bring he with we . ext . end of STREET - night paden run up . down the street in front of the hollis house a mass of man and horse , light by the grow flame , thunder away into the night . paden race toward the house , as neighbor rush about raise the alarm . ext . hollis house - night paden run up to the open front door and be momentarily stop by the heat . int . land office - night in among the flame a bleed kate be desperately try to drag j.t. 's inert bulk to the door . paden reach she , pick she up , and run out . two neighbor pass he on they way to j.t . ext . STREET in front of hollis house - night a chaotic scene as the fire-fighting be organize . several neighbor woman help paden ease kate down on a blanket . kate help j.t.! neighbor woman where 's augie ? ( to paden ) her boy must be upstairs ! paden rise as if to go back in , but stop at -- kate no , no ... they take he . they take my augie . paden react to this , then turn as the two neighbor lay j.t. 's body nearby . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - night Word of the fire have not reach here , and normal , noisy activity reign . slick be deal a three - man poker game . rae watch he from across the room , then take a drink over to he . when she place it before he , he look up appreciatively , then go back to he game . she put she arm around he from behind and kiss he neck , then slide sensuously into the empty seat beside he . he ignore she ador look and roam hand , but smile as he play . beneath the table . rae 's leave hand rove excitingly high on slick 's thigh . now , so smooth and quick we barely see it , she right hand lift he trouser leg and slip the custom - make dagger from he boot . slick deal a hand . rae watch he thoughtfully . the swinging door behind they crash open , and a townsman burst in . townsman Fire ! the land office be on fire ! most of the patron rush out , include the player in slick 's game , who grab they chip first . slick peek at one of the throw - down hand out of curiosity , then rise slowly . slick shall we take a look ? rae nod , and when she rise to take he arm , she hand be empty . ext . STREET in front of hollis house - night the townspeople have form a bucket brigade in a lose battle with the fire at the hollis house . shout fill the air above the roar of the inferno . stella be among the new arrival from the saloon . she be stop by the sight of kate , bloody and hysterical , be borne away . horrify by the scene , stella now snap out of it and begin yelling order to the saloon patron to help fight the blaze . paden be only a few foot from the flame , at the head of the bucket line . he be in shirt sleeve , sweaty and sooty . the heat of the fire be drive the line back . the townsman next to paden yell to he -- townsman there 's no way ! it 's a goner ! cobb , tyree , and Kyle appear from the shadow . cobb take in the scene and spot j.t. be carry across the street . he motion tyree over to investigate , then move toward the fire . slick and rae arrive within the light of the blaze . slick watch with detach interest , but rae 's gaze quickly lock on cobb move through the chaos . she see he now with new eye . Phoebe , cry , watch as j.t. 's limp body be hurried off on a stretcher , dr . skinner in attendance . she turn and be face to face with tyree , who grasp she arm . she regards he with revulsion and fear , then break from he and run off . cobb move up next to paden . sheriff cobb give it up . paden glance at he , then throw more water on . but now the bucket line slow to a halt . the townspeople fade back a little to watch the inevitable . sheriff cobb I hate to see this kind of thing in my town . paden glare at cobb , who be watch the fire . sheriff cobb I be go to have to look into this . paden yeah , maybe I will too . sheriff cobb ( look at he ) I think we talk about that . paden we do not talk about this . ( a beat , indignant ) they take the little boy , cobb . paden move off toward a nearby hitching post , where he have leave he gunbelt and hat . cobb look after he a moment , then follow . they be now a short distance from the onlooker . paden strap on he gunbelt , but he eye be on cobb as he approach , silhouett against the flame . sheriff cobb you be still worried about the dog , be not you ? paden tie he holster to he thigh . sheriff cobb you gotta calm down , paden . everything will be put straight in a few day . paden I see how you be put mal Johnson straight . something flick through cobb 's eye . he turn slowly and look at the scene behind he . at the edge of the crowd a tired stella sit on a overturn bucket , watch the fire ; she wipe she sweaty brow with the sleeve of she dress . still look that way -- sheriff cobb I never could count on you to be reasonable . ( turn back to paden ) do not force I to make a adjustment around here . paden cobb , you have get nothing I need . sheriff cobb I be not think about you future , paden . I be worried about stella . paden what 's she get to do with it ? sheriff cobb not a thing . she 's just a mutual friend . ( a beat ) but if you wind up on the wrong side of this , she 's go to get hurt . paden stare at cobb , but now he eye follow cobb 's right hand , which swing up to paden 's shoulder . sheriff cobb I be just try to save you from yourself . do not change you luck . cobb let he hand drop and begin to move away . sheriff cobb get some sleep , paden . thing will look better tomorrow . paden watch as cobb walk over to stella . cobb take a handkerchief from he pocket and squat before stella . he start to wipe she forehead solicitously , but she take the handkerchief from he hand . cobb look back at paden as he rise and move off . paden turn and look into the leaping flame . we eye can barely discern the change as this flame dissolve into other , the fire now in -- int . cave - night the low fire illuminate emmett , who be sit on the hay . he be sweat badly and seem to be concentrate on some rigorous task . now we see what it be -- to stand up . he struggle to he foot , wince in pain , he hand steadying against the rock . when he be upright , he try to clear he head and finally let go of the wall . for a moment he seem all right . then , suddenly , he drop heavily back to the floor . the fall send more pain shoot through he rib . he 's go nowhere . ext . STREET in front of silverado jail - night Middle of the night . all be quiet , no one on the street . rae watch from the shadow across the street as deputy fox leave the jail and move away . rae go toward the jail . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - night the place be nearly desert . paden sit alone at a table kill a bottle of the good stuff . stella watch he pour another drink . stella can not you drink any faster ? we need the bottle . paden throw she a look as she take one of the empty chair . stella what be it that I can not figure ? paden what do you mean ? stella cobb 's get something on you , and it must be pretty good . paden be impressed , even at this late date , by she acuity . paden what make you say that ? stella if he do not you would never sit still while this be happen . paden you sure ? maybe that 's the kind of friend I be . stella ( laugh derisively ) Nah ! ( move on ) what 's he get ? this be a nice saloon , but there be other nice saloon . it 's not the money . not for you . why can not I get ahold of it ? ( watch he take a drink ) cobb say there 's no tell what you be go to care about . paden ( bitterly amused ) be that what he say ? well , he figure it okay this time . she regards he as he look at he glass . then he look up , and for one moment they eye meet . paden , uncomfortable , quickly look away . in that second , she understand she own role in this . and she be deeply move . they be silent together . int . cellblock - silverado jail - night mal look up as the door to the outer office clang open . deputy garth come in with rae in tow . mal come to the front of he cell . garth look who 's here , Johnson , it 's you sweet little sister . you remember she , work at the Midnight Star . everybody know she . mal and rae look at each other . garth she want to see you . course I have to search she . I be not sure I do a good job . might have miss something . ( hold up he bandage hand ) only get one good hand , you know . rae step toward mal , but garth suddenly grab she arm and fling she back against the wall opposite mal 's cell . he move close to rae and slip the big ring of key over he bandage right hand , freeing he leave . he look once at mal , then down rae 's body . his leave hand fondle she . garth maybe I better check she a little closer . mal 's eye flame as garth take rae in a lascivious embrace . suddenly rae dip to one side within he arm . her hand come up from she boot with slick 's dagger and plunge it into garth 's back . the deputy jolt back a few step in shock , already pull a six - gun from he belt with he leave hand . he fire once into rae 's body . she go down . garth be cock the gun again with weaken finger when mal 's hand encircle he neck and pull he violently back against the bar . garth 's gun clatter away down the hall . ext . STREET in front of silverado jail - night deputy Fox have hear the shot and be run toward the jail . int . cellblock - night garth , he neck break , lie crumpled outside mal 's cell . rae be unconscious and bloody against the far wall . the large key ring be on the floor under garth 's leg and out of mal 's reach . mal 's anguish gaze dart from rae to the key as he begin to drag the dead weight of garth 's leg toward the bar . the key ring be drag a few inch , then slip free . mal try again , then hear the front door slam open in the outer office . mal look at the gun lie useless down the hall . int . sheriff' office - silverado jail - night Fox draw he gun as he rush across toward the cellblock door . fox garth ! you in there , garth ? int . cellblock - night the key still lie in the middle of the hall , the gun down at the end . Fox come through the door , gun raise , and take in the sight of the two body . he look up in surprise as slick 's dagger fly into he chest with a thunk . Fox die . down the line of bar , mal 's right arm be extend into the corridor , as it be when he release the knife . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - night paden be lean all the way over the bar to extract a glass from beneath it . he straighten and walk back to the table , where stella still sit . now , however , she have draw she leg up before she on the chair and be hugging she knee , deep in think . the saloon be now empty save for this two . paden pour they each a drink and hand stella 's to she . this bring she back . he clink he glass with hers and toast -- paden to my midnight star . they exchange a long look , then drink . stella cobb 's use I to stop you . so good people be be hurt because of I . ( a beat ) that make I mad . listen closely , he find this last bit endear . stella some people think because they be stronger -- or meaner -- they can push you around . I have see a lot of that . but it 's only true if you let it be . the world be what you make of it . paden I like you attitude . but it can be risky . stella I be ready for that . there be a challenge in she eye as she reach out and slide the whiskey bottle away from he . stella how about you ? paden I do not want you to get hurt . stella he can not hurt I if he 's dead . paden look at she with grow appreciation . a light be come back into he face . a smile slowly grow on he lip , mirrore hers . the door behind the bar bang open , and Phoebe come out , breathless . phoebe stella , come quick ! int . supply room - midnight STAR - night Phoebe lead they into the dimly - light room and go to she knee beside rae , who lie wounded on the floor . rae be semi - conscious and moan . stella stoops to examine she wound . phoebe ( cry ) she sprung she brother ... all by herself ! and this be what happen ... he bring she here . paden where would he go ? phoebe I tell he about Jake and the little boy . he go off after emmett . stella ( to Phoebe ) stop you cry . go get Doc Skinner and bring he to the shed . ( to paden ) pick she up . Phoebe hurry out . paden kneel next to stella . stella I have get a place I can hide she . paden you better get in there with she until this thing be over . int . cave - night emmett work by the light of the fire , check one of the gun take from the deputy . he hear something we do not , but continue to work for a few moment more . now we hear it : a approach rider . emmett stand up gingerly and move painfully back into the shadow . he be much improve but still tentative . mal come into the cave carry he Henry rifle . emmett reappear , lowering he gun . emmett I do not think you be go to make it back . mal step into the light , revealing he bruise face . mal I almost do not . emmett ( react to mal 's condition ) where 's Jake ? mal mckendrick 's man get he . emmett be he alive ? mal indicate that he do not know . emmett accept that and pick up he gunbelt . mal it 's worse than that , emmett . emmett look up , wait . mal they take he at you sister 's house . her husband be shot . I do not know if he 's go to make it . emmett feel real pain . emmett kate ? mal she be hurt ... pretty bad . ( hate to tell he ) emmett , they take the little boy with they . emmett let this all sink in . and then he face and body begin to transform . all the pain be sweep away in a surging current of vengeful energy . the music begin to build , as emmett move with eerie deliberateness to arm himself . he pick up one of the extra gunbelt and loop it over he shoulder . mal slide into he bandolier . emmett indicate the gunbelt remain on the floor . emmett want one of this ? mal turn . he now hold he father 's Henry rifle in addition to he own , one awesome weapon in each hand . mal this oughta do . omit ext . HOTEL - silverado - dawn cobb , have just finish breakfast , step out into the morning light and look around at he domain . he work the toothpick in he mouth and watch tyree come slowly up the street on horseback . they nod they greeting and head down the street . ext . jail - dawn tyree tie he horse in front , and the two man go inside . int . sheriff' office - dawn cobb be barely in the door when he stop , notice something out of place . the gun cabinet have be force open ; its splinter door be ajar . tyree garth ! ( nothing ) yo , Fox ! tyree draw he gun , but cobb be already move toward the cellblock door . int . cellblock - dawn cobb and tyree survey the scene : the empty cell , three pool of blood , two body -- garth and Fox . cobb watch as tyree check the two deputy and shake he head . sheriff cobb get Kyle and dusty over here . and keep you eye open . I be run out of deputy . he go out . int . SALOON stair - midnight STAR - morning the bartender come to the head of the stair wear a nightshirt . bartender stella be not here , sheriff . I check she room . now we see cobb wait at the bottom of the step , thoughtful . sheriff cobb and you do not know where paden be ? bartender have not see he since last night . sheriff cobb let I know if you do . and tell stella I want to see she . cobb turn and walk to the open , outer door at the corner of the saloon . the swinging door be still hook back for the night . when cobb stop in the doorway , he cast a long shadow across the room . he stare out into the town for several beat , then lift he gun from its holster and check the action . ext . border of mckendrick ranch - morning the mckendrick brand be fashioned in wood at the peak of a arch over the road . Beyond it , in the distance , cattle be graze on the roll land . ext . mckendrick grazing land - morning hundred of cattle be graze here in the morning light , a sea of speckle hide . now a cowboy pull up in the foreground . he be heavily armed . his watchful gaze be not on the cattle , but outward toward the horizon . ext . bunkhouse / central area - mckendrick ranch - morning more Cowboys here , armed and watchful . Red come along a corral and climb up onto a fence to peer into the distance . ext . casa grande - veranda - morning scruffy , scratch he belly , walk along the porch of the main ranch house , the casa grande . as he come up to we at the corner and look around , we see that he be wear Jake 's elaborately tool , double gunbelt with the pearl - handle colt . as he move down the other side of the house , we see mckendrick stand at a window , look out . int . live room - morning we be behind mckendrick now . on the wall next to the window there be a large , frame photograph of murdo mckendrick , a big , ferocious man , sit rather stiffly in a chair . on one side of he stand he wife , as thin and tough as a nail . on the other , beneath a large , paternal hand , a small boy -- young ethan . mckendrick turn away from the window and for a instant he eye be stop by the photograph . mckendrick look unsettle . he have not sleep . int . bedroom ( second floor ) - morning augie be huddle on a bed in the corner of the dark room , frighten , still wear the nightshirt he have on when abduct . suddenly , sunlight blind he . the watch cowboy from the night before have throw open the curtain . he look out over the roof of the veranda , then turn back . he give augie a odd look and move toward the door , first kick a Guard cowboy awake in he chair . ext . rolling range - morning emmett and mal ride side by side . relentless . you would not want to be the people they be go to visit . now a solitary rider appear on the ridge above they , move the same way . mal notice he first , then emmett . it be paden , and now he be sloping down to join they . he move in alongside they . they exchange look . then all three look ahead . where they be go . int . storage shed - silverado - day Dr. Skinner have tend rae on a cot in the dark recess of the shed and now move with stella to the door . Phoebe kneel beside rae . dr . skinner if she skin get cold , you better come for I . stella nod , then crack the door to peek outside . ext . / int . storage shed - day what she sees . this shed be down the alley from the back of the Midnight Star . the alley be empty . ext . alley - day Dr. Skinner come out and begin to walk away . slick appear from between two building . they nod to each other , and Dr. Skinner walk away . slick watch he for a moment , then move up the alley , look around as he go . he walk past the shed and on toward the street . ext . corner of alley and STREET - day slick reach the end of the alley and stop . cobb come down the sidewalk toward he . they talk confidentially . slick shake he head . they part , continue they separate prowl . ext . central area - mckendrick ranch - day in the corral . one of the horse drink at the trough lift its head , ear twitching . a wave of restlessness go through the horse . on the top of the fence , Red notice and begin to listen intently . on the veranda . scruffy stand up from a step and look off toward the rise beyond the corral . alarm creep into he face . at the bunkhouse . swann , he shoulder bandage , come out to join a sentry cowboy look with concern at the rise . suddenly , the sentry cowboy start run toward a saddle horse nearby . Red have jump from the fence now too and mount up quickly . the two horseman head off toward the rise at a gallop . swann look in alarm at -- the crest of the rise . pour into view with a ground - shaking rumble be a huge herd of stampede cattle . at the bunkhouse . swann turn to the door of the bunkhouse and shout inside . swann stampede ! on the rise . Red and the sentry cowboy tear toward the oncoming cattle . they fire they gun repeatedly in the air , try to turn the herd . at the corral . scruffy run across from the casa grande and join other Cowboys try to saddle and mount panicked horse . scruffy 's horse rear and break away from he . on the rise . Red and the sentry cowboy be close with the dust - enshroud herd , still fire they gun . suddenly , from the cloud , there be answer shot . the sentry cowboy be shot dead off he horse . emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the herd , come emmett , six - gun in hand . on the other side of the herd , paden 's form materialize . he aim he Winchester and fire . Red 's horse rear . Red go down and the herd pound over he . at the bunkhouse . hoyt come out the door , buckle on he gunbelt . he look at the on-rush stampede , then toward the corral where several Cowboys be swinging up on they horse . suddenly , there be gunfire from the roof of the bunkhouse above hoyt . one of the Cowboys in the corral go down . another draw he gun and lift it toward the bunkhouse , but be shot before he can fire . the other Cowboys head for cover . hoyt stop some man who be come out the door behind he , and edge out to try to locate the source of the fire . on the veranda . mckendrick come out of the casa grande and run to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise . he take in the stampede , which be almost upon they now , then hear gunfire to he right . he look back there and see mal on the bunkhouse roof , above hoyt and fire from the protection of the raise rim . now mal swing he rifle around toward mckendrick . mckendrick jump around the corner of the house as the wall where he be stand take a hit . series of shot . the stampede hit the ranch . the herd split , the mass of cattle head between the casa grande and the bunkhouse / corral area ; the rest go around behind the casa grande . they take down everything in they way . fence fall , hold pen be destroy , horse run free , and Cowboys scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle . near the barn . paden pull up on the edge of the flow and fire repeatedly at the Cowboys scramble for safety . swann be among that hit . behind the casa grande . emmett pull he horse out of the flow , protect by the building , then dismount , tie the horse , and run up to the back door of the house . he throw away the empty , extra six - gun in he hand as he look carefully inside . he draw he own gun and go in . near the barn . paden be come under increase fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin . he ride into the barn at the end of the corral . at the bunkhouse . hoyt direct some of he man , include scruffy , to work they way along under the eave of the bunkhouse and go after paden . hoyt glance upward toward the sound of mal 's rifle . int . casa grande - day emmett work he way carefully down the central hall , gun ready . he look up the main staircase , see nothing , and edge forward . at the top of the stair behind he , the watch cowboy jump into view . emmett spin and duck as the watch cowboy fire . the finial splinter . emmett 's shot follow immediately . the watch cowboy be hit and tumble the full length of the stair , dead . ext . central area - day on the veranda . mckendrick react to the shot behind he in he house . he move toward a window and open it . on the bunkhouse roof . mal switch to he father 's Henry and shift around to fire at some outride Cowboys who be thunder in from the range . at the barn . Three cowboy dive through the main door in pursuit of paden . scruffy , one of Jake 's pearl - handle colt at the ready , sneak along the side of the barn . int . casa grande - second floor - day emmett move away from the stairwell and cautiously round a corner , focus on a open bedroom door up ahead . suddenly , the Guard cowboy step boldly into view in that doorway , gun raise , use augie as a shield . emmett can not fire . he dive back around the corner as the Guard cowboy get off a shot . see he miss , the Guard cowboy slam close the bedroom door and lock it . instantly emmett be run that way . he fly into the bedroom next door . int . hostage bedroom - day the Guard cowboy have back against the wall , gun raise toward the door . augie be still clutch to he chest . the window overlook the roof of the veranda implode and emmett arrive in a shower of glass . the stunne Guard cowboy spin , open a angle between himself and augie . emmett do not need much . he fire before he stop roll . the Guard cowboy fall back against the wall . int . casa grande - bottom of stair - day mckendrick , gun poise , stand over the body of the watch cowboy , reacting to the shot above . he be about to go up there when the front door crash open as a cowboy , shot by mal , stagger into the hall . he lean against the hall table and fire out the door . two more shot from mal finish the cowboy and a large vase . mckendrick change he mind about go upstairs . he move quickly toward the door at the back of the house . int . hostage bedroom - day augie be tremble in emmett 's arm . emmett soothes he , then look into he tear-stain face . emmett augie , where 's Jake ? augie ( choke it out ) he 's dead . emmett react to this hard news . augie they hang he ! slowly a peculiar twinkle grow in emmett 's eye . emmett they hang he ? ext . central area - day at the bunkhouse . hoyt be hugging the side wall of the bunkhouse . he warily look around the back corner . what he sees . mal 's horse be tethere near a stack of crate and barrel that rise almost to the roof . int . barn - day paden be in a empty stall part - way down one side of the barn . the three Cowboys have he pin down from the front . paden 's horse do a panicky dance in the central aisle . the horse in the other stall be spook . scruffy sneak in the back door of the barn . he peek around the wall of a stall at paden 's unprotect back . when he see paden stop to reload he colt , scruffy step out and aim at he . quite unexpectedly , someone swing down from the loft above , kick scruffy and send he fly into the recess of a stall . now the figure drop into view . it 's Jake ! he dive after scruffy . paden , reload now and unaware of the struggle behind he , have to shrink back from a splintering rail . now he hear two muffle shot from the back of the barn . he look over there . after a beat , Jake step into paden 's view , grin like a maniac and happily buckle he reacquire gunbelt . paden do a double take . Jake give he a big " here I be ! " gesture , then indicate he 's go up to the loft again to help out with the guy up front . but first , with real relish , he check he pearl - handle colt : he draw both at once , tip they up to look into the cylinder , then spin they back into they holster . then , with a leap , to the loft . ext . range near casa grande - day mckendrick ride flat out toward town . int . barn - day there be Cowboys in the first stall on each side of the barn , and a third in a stall closer to paden . Jake drop down from the loft behind the first two , he gun in he holster . they both see he and react . Jake draw both gun and shoot one , spin , and shoot the other . the third cowboy turn to look . his mistake . paden fly into view and shoot he dead . paden approach Jake with wonder . Jake show he a ugly bruise where the rope be around he neck . when he speak , it be in a hoarse whisper -- jake New record . paden ( slap he on the back ) let 's get out of here . paden catch he horse and swing up . Jake pull a horse from a stall . it be the much - contest pinto , bare - back but bridle . paden ride out the back of the barn . ext . central area - day back of the barn . paden ride out , but pull up when he notice that Jake be not follow . he be about to go back when something catch he eye . what he sees . hoyt be just climb onto the roof of the bunkhouse , catty - corner from mal 's position . paden squeeze off a shot , but hoyt have already disappear from view . paden look along the bunkhouse , where he can see mal fire . mal be protect at present from hoyt by the big chimney he be brace against . but if he be not warn , hoyt will surprise he . a cowboy in the bunkhouse spot paden and fire at he . paden must warn mal quickly . yelling be hopeless in the din . paden aim carefully at mal and fire . at mal . the chimney be hit just above mal 's head . he swing he rifle around toward -- paden ! paden signal wildly about hoyt . mal understand just in time : he flop around the chimney just as hoyt get a bead on he . without know it , mal avenge he father 's murder . hoyt be blow off the roof . the bulk of the herd have pass , but confuse cattle be everywhere . at the veranda . Jake have ride across the open area under heavy fire and now ride for protection up and onto the side veranda of the house , fire into all the window . his momentum carry he all the way out the other end . when he be beyond the porch , he hear a yell , two voice -- emmett and augie Jake !?! Jake look up with a grin . emmett have augie out on the roof of the veranda . they be pleased in the extreme at the sight of Jake . Jake bring he horse beneath they and gesture to augie . augie swallow hard once , stride twice , and leap out , down , and onto the bare back of the pinto behind Jake . paden come riding up with emmett 's horse in tow . emmett move to the edge of the veranda roof and drop into he saddle . he wince , he rib throbbing . they turn they horse away from the ranch and head out . ext . range near casa grande - day the three horse with four rider come tear toward we . they form a dusty " V " as they intersect with mal 's arrival from the other side of the bunkhouse . even now , shot be fire after they . but they be on they way . ext . shop across from sheriff' office - silverado - day the shopkeeper be place item in he front window when he eye be catch by something across the street . we can see only a dim reflection of it in the glass . with a concerned look , the shopkeeper come outside . what he sees . trouble . five man , load for bear , be come out of cobb 's office : cobb , mckendrick , tyree , Kyle , and dusty , another deputy . ext . sheriff' office - day dusty mount up and ride toward the center of town . Kyle go off in another direction on foot . mckendrick unhitch he horse and speak to cobb with some bitterness . mckendrick it never should have get this far , cobb . cobb eye he coolly . sheriff cobb this be as far as it 's go . mckendrick swing up and jack a cartridge into the chamber of he Winchester . he 's not as confident as cobb . mckendrick I will do my part . but you better watch you ass . this guy will shoot it off . he head off in the same direction as dusty . tyree move up next to cobb . tyree I be gonna enjoy this . cobb give he a sideways glance , then look around wistfully . sheriff cobb this use to be a peaceful town . tyree move off in yet a new direction . the shopkeeper approach cobb nervously . shopkeeper what 's go on , sheriff ? sheriff cobb hide and watch . the shopkeeper react big and scurries away to spread the word . ext . STREET corner / HOTEL - day dusty pull up at the hotel on the corner and throw he rein over the post . then , with rifle in hand , he stand on he saddle and climb to the roof of the porch . he look down the street , cock he rifle , and settles into hide behind the hotel sign . mckendrick ride by slowly , exchange look with dusty , and move down the street . several townspeople have see dusty . the panicky , street - clear word spread . int . storage shed - day rae writhes in pain on the cot . stella 's hand be on rae 's forehead as she speak to Phoebe . stella better bring the doc. ( as Phoebe turn ) be careful . ext . STREET - day the milliner be urgently close the shutter on he shop as passersby hurry for home . Phoebe edge out of the alley nearby , turn , and find herself face to face with tyree . he regards she malevolently . tyree where you go ? phoebe ( scared ) nowhere . tyree this be no time to be on the street . maybe you oughta come along with I . he grasp she arm hard and pull she along the sidewalk . ext . boot hill - outside silverado - day the four horseman and the boy pull up near the cemetery and look down at silverado . Jake lower augie to the ground . emmett hand he a blanket and speak down to he . emmett stay here till we get back . do not come in . the four rider look from the town to each other and check they weapon . emmett ( to they all ) I will see you around . paden ( smile ) last one to the Midnight Star busy . jake you be on ! let 's get them ! Jake kick the bare - back into motion and tear off directly toward town . emmett head off to the leave . paden begin to move after Jake , but slower . mal stop he with -- mal hey , paden ... they look at each other . mal good luck . paden nod it back to he , and the bond be re-form . mal head off at a gallop to the right . they be all go to enter town from different direction . int . storage shed - day rae moan loudly , and stella instinctively reach out to quiet she , worried about discovery . stella throw a frustrated glance toward the door -- where be Phoebe ? she can not wait . she go to the door and peek out . int . / ext . midnight STAR - second floor - day slick check rae 's room and close the door . he too be frustrated . now he look out the hall window , down at the alley . what he sees . stella step quickly out of the storage shed and move away . slick run for the step . ext . alley near storage shed - day slick run past the shed door and peer between building in search of stella . she 's go . he come back to the shed . before open the door he do a odd thing : he chop he leave forearm sharply downward and a shiny derringer slide crisply into he grip from beneath he sleeve . he enter cautiously . int . storage shed - day slick move through the dim light . he hear a moan and step forward . he look down at rae . half -delirious , she focus on he and react in terror . he make the derringer disappear and kneel beside she . slick do not be afraid , baby . I will stay with you until you little friend come back . ext . STREET near midnight STAR - day Jake come riding down the street , wave he hat , whooping and hollering . the few remain pedestrian run for cover at the sight . jake ( yell ) come on out , boy ! Jake 's in town ! let 's start the ball ! ext . midnight STAR - day Jake jump off the pinto and hitches it in front of the saloon . as he approach the entrance , set in the cut - off corner of the building , he execute a fast pirouette , scan down all four block that meet here . he find the door lock and kick they open with a loud bang . he go inside . ext . side STREET - day tyree have hear the commotion and move toward it . ext . doctor' office - day stella be pound on the door without luck . she give up , look around , and hurry off . ext . midnight STAR - day tyree stop across the street from the Midnight Star and look at Jake 's horse and the open door . across the intersection Kyle appear at a run . tyree motion he to go around the back of the saloon . tyree run across the street . when he be on the porch of the saloon , he pull he gun and begin edging toward the open door . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - day it 's dark in here with the shutter close . tyree jump inside , gun poise . when Kyle bang through from the back , tyree almost shoot he . they scan the room and advance cautiously into the shadow . nobody here . now they back out , eyeing the dark stairwell . when they be safely on the porch , tyree motion for Kyle to go down one side of the building while he start down the other . Jake appear from beneath stella 's ramp behind the bar and vault lightly over the bar . in a moment he stand just inside the open doorway . he peek out , then turn so he back be to the outside , he gun still holster . ext . midnight STAR - day Jake back quietly out onto the porch . when he stop , he can see both tyree and Kyle move along they respective porch . jake hey ! tyree and Kyle spin at the sound . only then do Jake draw both gun and , point they in two completely different direction , he shoot both man at once . int . storage shed - day slick have make himself comfortable next to rae , who have fall into a fitful sleep . now he hear something . the door of the shed open and close . he wait confidently for stella to appear around the intervene wall of barrel and crate . but he 's look too low . mal step into view , the big Henry rifle in he hand . slick 's eye widen , but he get control quickly and rise , try to gauge mal 's attitude . mal look from rae to slick and back to rae . slick I be glad you be here , mal . I have be watch she , but she need a doctor . mal yeah . he look at slick as he lean he rifle against the wall . slick look at the rifle , then at mal . mal seem to concentrate on rae and make a move that way . when he be past slick , slick make the peculiar , chopping gesture of he leave forearm that snap the derringer into he hand . mal have be wait for something and be already turn into slick . before slick can raise he gun hand , mal have slick 's wrist in a vise- like grip . mal 's other arm encircle slick 's torso and crush he against mal 's body . two strong man strain against each other . the cocked derringer waver perilously toward the sleep rae . suddenly , mal twist slick around , bang he hand into the wall , and the derringer fire . slick let it clatter to the floor . rae wake with a start and watch the combatant in terror . the men' eye be only inch apart . something flash through mal 's and he loosen he embrace . instantly , slick dip to the right , lift he boot to he hand . but he dagger be not there . slick 's surprised look be answer by mal 's tight grin . mal look for this ? they body jerk as slick get he last surprise and go limp in mal 's arm . he fall to the floor , he own boot dagger protrude from he ribcage . mal kneel to embrace he sister . ext . street on fringe of silverado - day emmett ride slowly down the street , he Winchester hold ready on he thigh . his eye continually scan the building and alleyway . he slowly round a corner . Way behind he , off he right shoulder , mckendrick have bring he horse to a stop between two building and be carefully aim at emmett 's back with he Winchester . now he pull the hammer back with a click . emmett hear it and twist in the saddle as mckendrick fire . the shot be good , but emmett 's Winchester take the hit and jump in he hand . he level it at mckendrick , cock the hammer , and squeeze the trigger . nothing . he try to work the lever as mckendrick fire again . emmett 's rifle be useless . he throw it away and draw he colt , fire twice . emmett 's bullet hit close to mckendrick . his horse shy . mckendrick turn he horse and ride behind a building . series of shot . emmett chase after mckendrick along a parallel street . each man prepare to fire as they reach the intermittent space between building . mckendrick get a clear shot and fire twice . emmett ride around a building and speed toward mckendrick 's path . he come into the open , ready to fire , but mckendrick be head off down a alley . Rather than follow , emmett move to cut he off . ext . edge of silverado - day mckendrick have pull up behind a barn . when emmett come into view , mckendrick fire twice , then spur he horse back into town . emmett squeeze off one carefully aim shot , just miss mckendrick before he disappear . ext . boot hill - day the echoe of gunfire reach the little boy wait at the cemetery . augie watch and wonder . ext . HOTEL STREET - day mckendrick come out of a alley and tear toward the intersection which dusty command from the roof of the hotel porch . mckendrick wave he rifle at dusty and round the corner of the hotel . now emmett come out of the alley in pursuit . he slow a bit since mckendrick be no longer in sight . as he move down the block toward the hotel intersection , he look into the load yard of the feed warehouse , which form a cul - de- sac on he leave . now dusty open fire from the protection of the hotel sign . bullet kick up dirt around emmett , but instead of retreate , he sling himself indian - fashion down along the protect side of he horse , and ride toward the sign . emmett aim over the mane and fire : once , twice , through the sign . dusty rise , hit , and emmett kill he with a third shot . dusty crash through the sign to fall to the street . emmett have just straighten in he saddle and snap open the load gate of he empty colt , when mckendrick open up from where he have reappear down the street . emmett be hit in the thigh . for one long second there be perfect clarity between the man . emmett 's eye stare from he pain - contort countenance at he adversary . mckendrick hesitates only a breath to look at emmett before raise the rifle and charge . emmett wheel he horse and painfully spur it back down the block . as mckendrick 's fire hit around he , emmett turn into the nearest cover -- the load yard of the feed warehouse . mckendrick ride toward the mouth of the load yard with all he 's get . he can not let emmett reload . the glint of victory be in he eye as he draw near the load yard . he raise he rifle in preparation for the come clear shot at he trap enemy . as he horse begin to pass in front of the load yard , we hear a terrible rumble of hoofbeat on wood . mckendrick 's expression change to horror . emmett have ride onto the load dock of the warehouse and charge toward this end . now he jump he horse straight out into the air over mckendrick 's horse . the hoof of emmett 's horse catch mckendrick full force with a horrible SOUND . emmett 's horse land on its foot , but just barely . from a cloud of dust emmett watch mckendrick 's horse race on , riderless . its master be a still shape in the dirt . ext . STREET - day stella have be hurry through the empty street . now she pause to listen to the new silence . ext . sheriff' office - day cobb listen too . he sit on the step at the front of he office , toy with a object in he hand . now he bring it to he mouth . it be he sheriff 's badge , and he breathes a fog onto it , then polish it on he sleeve . he look at it another moment , smile to himself , then pin it on he chest . ext . street near sheriff' office - day paden be walk . he be calm . he round a corner and move out into the center of the new street . at the end of the STREET . cobb look up from he seat and see paden come toward he . he have a feel it would be this way . it make he sad . he stand up and walk to the center of the street . paden keep come . he watch cobb , resign . now paden stop . stella come out of a alley . when she take in the scene , she step onto the sidewalk and put she hand on a post . she look back and forth between the man . cobb see she , but he only real concern be paden . paden see she , too . his gaze return to cobb . sheriff cobb what a waste . this could have be such a sweet deal for we . paden yeah . bad luck . ( a beat ) good-bye , cobb . sheriff cobb good-bye , paden . they both draw , and it 's impossible to say who move first . but one be luckier . paden stand as cobb fall . paden holster he gun as though it weigh a hundred pound . CUT to black . slow fade - up over the sound of tinkling glass , piano music , and friendly voice . int . SALOON - midnight STAR - morning four shot glass sparkle in a line on the bar . a bottle of the good stuff be use to fill they . stella be pour the drink from behind the bar . now the glass be lift by mal , Jake , paden , and emmett . stella hold up the bottle and propose a toast -- stella to California ! they echo she and clink glass . stella clink with the bottle . when they toss back they drink , she tip the bottle to she lip , then put it down on the bar , as the four glass come down . emmett gotta go . mal right . the four man move toward the door as stella walk down she ramp . emmett walk with a slight limp . ext . midnight STAR - morning Phoebe stand on the porch talk across to rae , much recover , who sit on the seat of a wagon heavily load with farming supplies . rae wear a simple dress and look quite different . the man come out onto the porch . emmett shake mal 's hand and watch he climb onto the wagon . mal get the wagon go , and the other wave . Jake have slip he arm around Phoebe 's waist . now he turn she into he arm for a big kiss . emmett be watch mal and rae roll away when a woman 's hand touch he back . he turn to find Hannah look up at he . paden watch from nearby . hannah be not you go to come out to say good - bye ? emmett I already do that . hannah this time you be really go ? ( he nod ) you know where I will be . emmett that I do . they look at each other . she kiss he and step back . when emmett look up from she , paden be watch he with a amused look . the two man shake hand . emmett and Jake mount up . jake so long , paden . paden give he a nod . kate and augie roll up in a buggy . in the back seat , a blanket across he leg , sit j.t . they wait for the brother . augie drive for he recover mother . stella come out and stand by Phoebe . Hannah be now stand next to paden . emmett look at they as though they be a couple . emmett ( to paden ) you might make a farmer yet . paden I have get a job . he put he arm against the post , and he coat be draw back to reveal the shiny sheriff 's badge on he vest . emmett touch the brim of he hat and turn he horse away . he and Jake flank the buggy and head off . ext . outside of town - morning emmett and Jake take turn lean down from they saddle to kiss kate and augie and shake hand with j.t. emmett ( to augie ) take care of you folk . one final look , and they be off . Jake turn in the saddle only once -- jake we will be back ! they spur they horse forward , chase they shadow , head west . the end