ao " the silver streak " eee US trear a original motion picture written by Colin higgins ~~ revised draft March 26 , 1976 _ ? a martin ransoroff -frank yablan production a arthur hiller film a miller-milkts / colin higgins picture ets '' revised ~ 4/2/76 '' the silver streak " =he silver streak fade in , ext . los angele svation - day 1 red cap where to , sir ? George hand he he ticket , GEORGE train to Chicago , the Silver streak , the Red cap study the ticket number and return it , red cap the Silver streak ... . okay , sir , I will get you bag , pay the cab : 4 not di be you ee t train to Chicago ou mus bea sucker por boredom , GEORGE look , it 's two and a half day away from the rat race , that sound like g vacation to I , conductor what be that conventioneer do up at the baggage car ? cont . 465 revised - " the silver streak " ~ 4/9/76 2 es stiwer streak " ~ 4/9/76 6 cont. ralston look up . the three conventioneer run past , wave . first conventioneer we have to get Mary - Lou , second conventioneer she 's we date for the party . . third conventioneer okay , Mr. conductor , let 's get this show onthe track , they run off down the platforn , pass a group of hippie , ralston shake he head . ralston . I think it wag bad enough with the hippie on board . now we get they father . . George walk along the car look at he ticket number , he’ approach ralston , GEORGE be this the right car , ralston look at he ticket . ralston first class . yes , sir , right he way . George 's thanks he and they climb on board . the conductor look at a few of the other dawdle passenger , conductor hurry up , folk , almost time . int . the corridor - day 7 '' ralston make he way down the corridor toward George 's room . George follow notice a blue - haire lady with a poodle zipped up ina shopping bag . the rea cap have deposit George 's bag and stand at the doorway of he room . ralston enter , . red cap ( to George ) this be it , sir , GEORGE ( tipping he ) you . thank the Red cap leave . GEORGE thank you , I will just keep this and the briefcase , . ralston begin store the bag and package George want in the overhead rack while George peruse the room , GEORGE be this the bed ? ralston yes . I will be make it up later , GEORGE and this partition ? ton before the honeymoon be over , it 's all change . everybody 's ina rush . everybody 's a@ hippy ... George recover and mumble a quick explanation and apology . the latch ... Excuse I , he close the door and turn round to ralston , ai not no time for routine ... you say something ? GEORGE huh ? oh , no ... T agree ... I just want to relax . X ralston . good . then you just settle back and have a good trip . rt be not gonna be that exciting but we will 465 get you there on time , ralston pick up the extra suitcase ana leave , | 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 2-3 ext . the platform ~ pay '' 9 the conductor sive the signal with he flashlight and it be relay by the braken for the length of the train , conductor all aboard ! int . vestibule - day 10 George be look out the window of the vestibule , ralston stand behind he take - out @ hip flask and shout a toast out the window , . ralston so long , lia . he take a swallow and shuffles ofr , George smile after he . he be thrilled and excited as the train begin to move , or ou ext . departure montage ~ day 12 music up . in the locomotive cabin the engineer sound a short blast on the atr horn and open the throttle , the conductor hop on board , red light Change to green and signal fall . the train pick up speed , leave the station and enter the criss-crossing track of the railway yard . MAIN title and credit 13 pick up speed we pull back to see the rest of the train . in the b.g. the set sun cast a golden glow over the tall building and freeway of Los Angeles , credit end , music out . . George take a drink from the bar and stroll down the lounge look for a seat . he pass plain jane who @lance up from she book and smile at he rather self - consciously , George nod but keep walk , pretend the map on the rear wall S capture he sole attention , he take 4 sip of he arink and study the route of the Silver streak , - 465 revised - " the silver streak " ~ 4/9/76 3 14 coat . suddenly a big-grinn back -slapping salesman by the name of bob sweet be stand beside he and point out the plan of travel . sweet look at that . we leave California , then up to nevada , across the desert , into Colorado , through the Rockies , Kansas City , Kansas , ashford , Missouri , over the Mississippi -- and right up to Chicago , Illinois ! some trip , huh ? GEORGE yeah . 's you from Chicago ? GEORGE no. Los Angeles , sweet I be from Chicago . name be Bob sweet . a sweet man but a mean baby . he laugh . George shake hand . GEORGE George caldwell . sweet what 's you racket , George ? ( gesture ) sit down , they sit , GEORGE publish , sweet no kid ? I be in vitamin myself . here , : ( take a small box from he pocket ) here 's a free sample , vitamin E , great for the old pecker , GEORGE thanks , sweet yes , sir , that sturr really keep the pencil sharpen . hada chance yet to check out the action ? cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 4 14 cont. 1 GEORGE actually , this be the first time I have ever take the train . sweet na kid ? then you be in for the ride of you life . pick yourself out @ little honey ang it 's hug and munch all the way to Chicago . GEORGE really ? fe sweet I do it all the time . I tell my boss I be afraid of fly and so I get thirty - six hour of this action twice @year . it 's a cat house on wheel . - ( conspiratorially ) - you see it 's the movement of the train that do it . all that motion get a girl horny . GEORGE well , I be not look for a railroad romance . nor be [ I afraid of fly . I be simply take the train to rest , relax - and get some read do . I have get three manuscript ... sweet ( look up ) hold it right there , George . I think I have find my chickie for the night . sweet stand . up and begin walk toward the bar . George turn round and see that the blonde from he adjoin compartment have just enter and have order a scotch on the rock . sweet approach she and flash he win smile . sweet hello , there . can I buy you a drink ? ' hilly I have one , thanks . sweet well , I will join you . another Old fashion , bartender . he smile again at hilly . she sip she drink . he lean over . sweet : ( slyly ) do you go all the way ? hilly I beg you pardon ? cont. 465 14 cont . ; sweet I Said , do you go all the way .. to Chicago ? hilly oh ... ( sip she drink ) yes . x do , sweet well , maybe wwe can do it together , hilly do what ? sweet go to Chicago , . hilly oh. sweet T mean , after all we be ging to be stick on this thing . we cantt jump the track , ha ha| ( lean erst ) you feel that motion hill ( stare at he ; after a beat ) mister , be you hot ? sweet huh ? hiliy smile with smolder sensuality , De you feel hot ? sweet get the picture , sweet lady , '' always feel hot . ailly well , maybe I can cool you down , she wink at he sexily , ang arain she Glass , then with a deat Movement she pull back he belt with one hand ang 6 int . the first -class diner - night 15 George be seat by himself at one of the table for twe . he finish fill out he menu card and look around at the fairly crowded room among whom be a elderly couple in western attire , a nattily dress black couple , and a mcther and she two daughter in match top and skirt . acrcss the aisle two very , have fat men be eat salad and drink - ing diet cola . plain Jane enter , and peer about obvicusly look for a place to sit . George casually lift up he newspaper to hide he face . plain Jane be wave forward by the head waiter and seat next to the blue-haire Lady who be just about to.leave . George see all this reflect in the windowpane and breathes a sigh of relief . suddenly , the blonde be reflect stand beside he . be how 's the latch ? GEORGE ( turn round ) with wha ....? hilly May i? GEORGE oh , yes . please , sit down . she sit . George clumsily fold up he newspaper . hilly I say , how 's the latch ? we have connect room . GEORGE oh , yes . well , it seem to be loose . nothing serious . [ I think I would get the porter to look at it . hilly there 's no rush ... be there ? GEORGE ah ... George smile and search for a answer . he be save by the timely arrival of the head waiter . head waiter would you folk care for a cocktail ? hilly a martini on the rock with a twist . make that two . GEORGE head waiter yes , sir . the head waiter leave . George have regain he composure . he settles back and beam at hilly . cont . 15 cont .. GEORGE by the way , my name 's George caldwell , hilly hilly burn . GEORGE , hilly ? hilly short for hildegarde , what 's the pencil for ? you have to f111 out you menu yourself , see ? you print very well , GEORGE thank you . hilly T will have the same . you do it for I , GEORGE okay . ailly I can not even read my own write . I do not do shorthand ang T can not type . GEORGE what do you do for a live ? hilly I be a secretary , GEORGE how do you keep you job ? hilly I give great phone , George look up from he printing . hilly smile innocently , hilly and I have a terrific personality . be you go to Chicago ? GEORGE yes . for my sister 's wedding , cont. 465 hilly how come you be take the train ? afraid of fly ? GEORGE no . a change of pace . and you ? hilly my new boss love the old - fashioned way . he 's write a new book on rembrandt and be go to kick off the publicity campaign with a lecture at the Art Institute . GEORGE really ? I be in publishing . what 's he name ? hilly Professor Arthur schreiner . Heard of he ? GEORGE no . hilly most people have not . he 's be a recluse work on this book for the last twenty year . GEORGE where be he now ? hilly in bed with a glass of hot milk and molass . he 's a health nut . what do you publish ? GEORGE non-fiction , mostly -- gardening , cooking . ' how to do it ' book . hilly like sex manual ? GEORGE I have edit a few . hilly a authority , huh ? GEORGE ( with a smile ) I know what go where -- and why . cont . 8 15 cont.1 55 revised - " typ silver streak " . 4/93/76 9 15 cont.2 hilly interesting , be you marry ? GEORGE divorce , hilly how come ? GEORGE my friend always say maggie be too good for I , after two year I decide they be right . ailly sound sad , hilly have hit home , George change the subject . GEORGE so you work for a art historian -. be that what you be interested in ? hilly not really . fr get the job with the professor because 1 be available and willing to travel , his old secretary have some freaky accident last week -- drive she car off the Santa monica pler , GEORGE what happen ? atlly she drown , would you like some wine with this meal ? the head waiter have arrive with the martinis , they come in miniature bottle like on the airline and he pour they over ice , GEORGE ( to head waiter ) could we see the wine list , please , head waiter certainly , si he give the wine Card to George who lance over it GEORGE how about ... cont. 465 10 15 cont.3 GEORGE ( cont . ) ( with a exaggeratedly perfect accent ) mouton cadet -- dix - neuf cent soixante et onze . : head waiter very good , sir . the head waiter take they two menus and exit . hilly pick up she martini and smile at George . hilly you do that very well . George pick up he martini and smile back . GEORGE I give great french . hilly grin and they both sip they drink together . int . the baggage car - night 16 in a series of quick shot and violent swish pan , we be hurl into the midst of a violent scuffle . someone be be beat up in the baggage car but because of the dim light , the trunk and box and the incessant clatter of the wheel , we cannot recognize exactly what be go on . we do sense , however , that it be three man against one and when finally the victim collapse on the floor we do manage to get a full face closeup of the chief assailant , reace . he be a hulk , giant of a man with a ugly prizefighter 's face . he lean over the lifeless body as we hear the other two man speak in the b.g. voice # 1 ( whiney he will never + t . . voice # 2 ( Johnson ) dammit ! we must find that papers ! voice # 2 c'mon . we will look in he compartment . we hear the other exit as the pug happily rub he knuckle and smile -- exhibit a full mouth of solid gold teeth , int . the diner - night 17 the dining car be practically empty . a few remain guest be pay thetr check and the waiter be clear the table . but hilly and George be oblivious to everything except each other , a empty half - bottle of champagne stand on the table and both of they be relaxed and pleasantly feel its effect . hilly be finish a funny story ard be laugh at herself . GEORGE laughin , that be augh 1e ) - oduetion to . high society ? cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 hilly look , he be very good to I . I learn everything from the pill to Picasso . GEORGE so what be miss ? hilly a marriage license . GEORGE be that what you want ? hilly I do then . right now -- I would like some more champagne . George pick up the bottle and see it be empty . GEORGE maybe I should get another bottle . hilly two . GEORGE okay . but this place seem to be close down . let 's take we glass and go to we room . hilly we might even open the connect door . GEORGE or break down the whole partition . hilly I will speak to the porter . GEORGE I will get the champagne . 11 17 cont . George take the two glass and they leave the dining car in opposite direction . George pass sweet. with a giggle . GEORGE gotta watch that motion . cont . the train lurch and George almost stumble . George recover revised - " the silver streak " . 4/2/76 11 -a 17 cont .1 he continue on . sweet watch George and hilly go with , a@ deeply troubled look on he face -- g look that be hold too long for it to be simply envy . we 18 int . jhe corridor - night 19 George stop and dean against a door to let hin pass , it be a very tight and difficult maneuver for the fat man to pass and in the struggle George 's hand land on cont . 465 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 12 19 cont. the door handle . immediately the door fly open and George stagger back into the room . he turn to see a large , ugly mexican lady in she nightshirt kneel on she bed say she prayer . she take one look at George and in violent Spanish begin panic praying to ward off the oncoming rape . mexican lady ahn , rapel ... Santa marial George freak , and bow and mumble apology , hurrieily exit to the safety of the corridor close the door behind he . he pause for a moment to regain he composure , burp , and then start off again . immediately the second fat man exit from he compartment and make he way toward George . George sigh but not wishing to go through the whole scene again , he back up past the mexican Lady 's door and knock on the next door down . he open it , step inside for a second to let the fat man pass , then turn to the occupant . he be a very distinguished gentleman , suavely attire who look up from the papers he have be read , this 1s roger devereau . GEORGE Excuse I , not wait for a response , George smile and quickly close the door . he continue on down the corridor . int . george' corridor 20 George arrive outside he door and kmock . hilly voice ( o.8 . ) come in . George enter , int . george' compartment 21 true to she word hilly have get the porter to push back the partition and make they two room into one . the effect be remarkably spacious -~ and very romantic as the two couch have be turn into bed . George look around and smile , GEORGE this be very nice . hilly 1s lie on she bed with she shoe off . she smile as she put a tape into she portable cassette player , and we hear the lilt love song know as " hilly 's theme , " George take off he coat and tie . GEORGE I love that song . and now whenever I hear it I will be think of you . he lean over and kiss she softly on the cheek , hilly like it . hilly you put that very nicely . GEORGE thank you . some : champagne ? hilly please. cont. 465 George begin undoing one of the bottle . GEORGE i_ca not get over the size of this place with the partition down . - hilly they be small room individually ... but perfect for juggling . GEORGE for what ? hilly juggling . when you practice the ball would always bounce off the wall . she demonstrate with three imaginary ball . George smile and pop the cork . he fill the glass . GEORGE you juggle a lot ? hilly ( slyly ) I know what go where -- and why . George stop , look at she in the eye and she smile back in - nocently . he grin and they begin chuckle with a easy fun - fill sensuality . George offer she a glass of champagne . GEORGE your . hilly thank you . GEORGE and mine . he lean back on the bed and they face each other . GEORGE ' - to we . and the romance of the reilroad . hilly train that pass in the night . they sip . hilly why do not you take you shoe off ? you be suppose to put they in that little locker and the porter will have they shine for you in the morning . GEORGE really ? that 's terrific . while take off he shoe he glance at the rembrandt book on the chair . cont. 14 21 cont.l GEORGE this the master 's work ? hilly uh-huh . he give I that copy for safekeep . want to read it ? George put he shoe in the little locker near the door . GEORGE later . he turn off the overhead light , leave on the blue night - light and the orange read lamp . it be a romantic combination and hilly smile she approval . take the pillow . from he bed which lie parallel with the window George cross to hilly 's bed which lie vertical with the window . GEORGE slide over . they snuggle on the bed so that they be both lie on they back with George 's arm around hilly 's shoulder . for a moment they just stare out the window , watch the cactus and the desert hill of the mojave zip by under the star , hilly beautiful , be not 1t ? GEORGE very . he put down he glass and kiss she hair . she roll over and face he . hilly George ? GEORGE yes . . hilly do you really edit sex manual ? GEORGE I really do . but I have a confession to make , hilly oh ? GEORGE itm actually much better at book ° on gardening . hilly ( smile ) really ? GEORGE oh , yes . that 's my special field . 465 cont. 465 5 21 cont.2 hilly a authority ? GEORGE absolutely . hiliy begin unbuttone he shirt . hilly well then , be there anything you might want to pass on ? GEORGE you mean a few tip on gardening technique ? : hilly yes . some helpful hint for the beginner . GEORGE well , when gardening one rule to remember be -~- be nasty to nasturtium . hilly kiss he naked chest and giggle . hilly be that so ? GEORGE oh , yes . hilly they like it rough , huh ? GEORGE the rougher the better . she kiss he chin . hilly great . what else should I know ? GEORGE there 's the secret for treatin , azalea . , hilly tell I . I be all ear . she snuggle into he neck and begin bite he ear . GEORGE treat they the same as begonia . hilly no kid ? GEORGE it 's gospel . : hilly ( want to get it straight ) so you be say : ' what 's good for azalea be good for begonia . ' cont. 16 21 cont.3 GEORGE I could not have express it better myself . hilly lean up on one elbow . hilly George , this be fascinating . GEORGE do not it tell you . hilly I would like to delve deeper . GEORGE be my guest . she go back to kissing he chest and begin work she way down toward he navel , hilly well , then , what would happen if you treat a azalea like a nasturtium ? George glance at the window -~ and freeze . new angle - SHOCK CUT 22 out the window the dead body of a man suddenly slam into frame . he dangle grotesquely , hold up by he coat catch on a protrude bolt . George gasp . the train whistle scream . we see clearly the face of the dead man -- a older gentleman with a white moustache and goatee . he have be beat and shot in the head and the blood trickle down the side of he face . George jump off the bed , knock over the cassette player . the body sway for another second then fall away . the whistle stop and all be still once more . int . george' compartment - another angle 23 hilly have see nothing but she look up at George , stare transfix at the empty window . hilly George . what be it ? be we finish with flower ? GEORGE do you see that ? that man ? George flip on the light and rush to the window , try the look back down the track . '' hilly what man ? 465 . cont. 17 23 cont. GEORGE there be a man out the window . he would be shot in the head . hilly what ? , GEORGE ( very excitedly ) hilly , I be not joke . a dead man fall off the roof . his coat be catch . I see it . what should I do ? I have get to report it . maybe they can stop the train . hilly hey , hey , hey ! lighten up ! she get off the bed and take hold of he . hilly c'mon now . sit down . you need a little more champagne . GEORGE I be not kid , hilly . I see it . hilly okay . here . George sit and hilly pour he some champagne . George drink it down in one gulp . GEORGE wow ! I can not believe it . hilly I neither . GEORGE but I see it , really I do . hilly of course . I be sure you see something . a old newspaper . a kid 's kite . look , like thatt she point out the window . the train whistle scream again and we see a white signal box whip by . George 's conviction be momentarily shake . hilly it could have be anything out there . GEORGE no . it be a body -- a dead man . his eye be so clear . hilly more clear than you head . George , 465 you imagine it . cont .. , 465 revised - '' the silver streak " ~ 4/3776 18 23 cont.1 GEORGE no , I be positive I do not , hilly all right then , call the conductor and tell he you story . GEORGE he will think I have be drink . hilly where would he get that idea ? GEORGE but , hilly , it be so ... vivid . hilly come here . hilly fluff up he pillow and urge he to put he leg up . George rub he forehead . GEORGE wow , I feel kind of dizzy . hilly lie down . George fall back on the bed with a sigh . hilly pick up the cassette recorder which stop play when George knock it over and look around for a place where it will be safe , she start the music ( " hilly 's theme " ) and put it on a high overhange rack near the window . GEORGE Boy , if that 's what the df 's be like , I be give up the bottle for life . : hilly the mind play funny trick all the time . you know that . just relax and forget it . hilly turn off the light and lie alongside George . he look at she for a long moment . GEORGE that sure be a pretty song . hilly yes , it be , he kiss she gently on the lip and then look at she with a@ great deal of tenderness . cont. 465 19 23 cont.2 GEORGE you be very beautiful , hilly . hilly despite she sophistication 1s not use to this tender - ness . tear well in she eye . hilly I like you , too . he move forward again and they kiss long and passionately . ext . the silver streak - sunrise 24 we dissolve from the rattling night wheel of the Silver streak to a high angle shot of the desert sunrise . int . george' compartment - day : 25 George , look bright - ney and happy , exit from the bath - room where he have wash and shave . he put on a clean shirt and hum to himself " hilly 's theme , " as he button it up . hilly be lie in bed , deep in a relaxed and content sleep . | George look at he watch and pick up a train schedule to see when they will arrive at the next station . he put the™ schedule in he back pocket , see the empty champagne bottle and pick it up with fond remembrance of the lovemake the night before . then he remember he vision of the dead man and he expression change . he step to the window and ignor - ing the desert in bloom stretch he neck to try to see the roof . unsatisfied , he step to the next window , fold up he bed . to make the couch and try again to see the outside roof of the train . he finally give this up , look at the bostle , and drop it into the wastebasket . he go over to hilly and smile down at she . : lean forward to gently touch she hair , he knock the : rembrandt book off the chair . he pick it up and notice a envelope stuff with papers stick out from under the jacket cover . he pat the envelope back in place and be about to put it down when he turn it over to look at the author 's picture on the back . he gasp with surprise for the picture of the grey-haire old man with the white goatee be the same man he see hang dead outside the window . the train lurch and George stagger . turn quickly to hilly , he shake she awake , . GEORGE hilly ! hilly ! wake up . look at this . hilly stir and sit up , still half - asileep . hilly what , what ?... she see George and give he a sexy , kittenish smile . hilly oh , hello , George . cont. 465 20 25 cont. GEORGE hilly , the dead man I see out the window last night -- this be he ! hilly seem interested for a moment till George show she the pack picture on the book . she look at it with some confusion . hilly George , that 's my boss . that 's Professor schreiner . GEORGE I know . hilly George , what time be it ? GEORGE it 's after eight . hilly eight ! wake I again after ten . she close she eye and lie down , cuddle up to a pillow . GEORGE hilly , this man have be murder . hilly yeah . well ... ( she think sleepily ) why do not you go and discuss it with he and then come back here later and discuss it with I . his room be just past the diner . room D . GEORGE ( exasperatedly ) hilly ... hilly good night , George . you be a wonderful gardener . George walk away from the bed and pace to he side of the room . he look at the book again and throw it into he open briefcase with such force that the lid close over it . he be not sure what to do . he look at the window and finally make up he mind . take he coat from he closet , he put it : on and exit . int . george' corridor - day 26 George close the door behind he and begin walk toward the rear of the train . int . diner - day 27 the diner be not too crowded as George enter . the mexican mama-san be have breakfast with the blue-haire cont 465 21 . 27 cont. Lady . when she see George she point he out to she compan - ion as the mad rapist of the night before . ' the Blue - haire Lady look around and scowl at George as he pass . sweet. be seat at the end of the car and seem very . eager to question George . sweet hey , George , you devil . join I for coffee ? . : GEORGE yeah , I think iwill . I just have to check on something . i'11 be right back . sweet nod and George keep on walk . int . george' compartment - day 28 meanwhile hilly be still sleep . we pan from she to the door and it open slowly . a man step in and close the door behind he . : as we pan up we see he have a gun in a shoulder holster . he step forward and we see he face -~ a ugly , prizefighter 's . mug with a sneering mouthful of solid gold tooth . int . the train corridor - day 29 George walk down the corridor look at the letter on the door . he find " D " and stop . he start to knock . then hesitates , debate in he mind if he be not be a fool about the whole thing . suddenly from inside the room 's he hear scuffling and a angry voice swear . George listen and then knock on the door . the scuffling stop . the door be slowly open by a bespectacle little man who stand in the doorway suck on a white , plastic " quit smoke " cigarette . this be mr. whiney . whiney yeah ? what do you want ? GEORGE I would like to see Professor schreiner . whiney yeah ? who be you ? GEORGE my name 's George caldwell . whiney you a friend of the professor ? GEORGE no , not exactly . I be a friend of he secretary , and - we be worried about he . cont. 465 22 29 cont. whiney yeah ? what be you worried about ? GEORGE can not I talk to the professor . where be he ...? George push against the door to see inside the room . he can not see anyone but notice the luggage have be thoroughly searched and much of the room be in a mess . GEORGE what be you do in there ? whiney push George back . hey , I think you be stick you nose in where it do not belong . you and that broad be : gonna get yourself in trouble . ' fact , she 's already in trouble . GEORGE look , I do not know who you be but ... whiney hey , reace ! get rid of this bum ! George be suddenly grab from behind and pitch down the corridor . - whiney slam the door shut . George turn to look at he unseen assailant . it be the ugly pug with the gold tooth . GEORGE wait a minute ! you can not do that to I , gold teeth stride toward George , shove he up against the side of the train and twist he arm up behind he back . George yell in pain and struggle manfully . GEORGE hey , you big ox , what the hell do you think you be do . hold it . let I go . gold teeth do not say a word . he just begin walk to the end of the corridor force George to walk in front of he . 465 23 int . the car platform - day 30 gold teeth bang the door at the end of the corridor and it open . he throw George into the corner and turn to the side door of the train . George stand , rub he arn . he be really mad . GEORGE hey , man , you be in trouble . I mean it . Big trouble . I be report you ... gold teeth fling open the side door of the train and turn to face George . George look at the door and he attitude change . GEORGE all right ...okay ... enough be enough ... let 's forget the whole thing ... gold teeth be unmove . he lunge for George , grab he by the collar and the seat of the pants and with no effort at all pitch he right off the train . ext , the desert - day 31 George fly through the air and land on the sandy bank of a empty riverbed . he roll and tumble and finally come to a stop in a cloud of dust . the train race past . George can not believe what happen . he sit up , shake he head and look as the last carriage of the Silver streak rattles by . GEORGE what the -- | he stand up and feel himself . he be not hurt . he dust himself off and notice that the sleeve on he jacket have be rip . he finger it lovingly . then he begin to get the full realization of what have happen . he run up to the railway track and squint at the train racing off in the distance . he look behind he and out across the flat desert on either side . there be no sign of life or civilization anywhere . GEORGE son-of-a-bitch ! he kick the gravel on the railway tie and begin walk down the track after the Silver streak . ext . a desert long shot - day 322 in the vast stretch of the lonely desert , we see George -- a solitary speck in the wilderness , follow the railway line beneath the sweltering sun . 465 a4 ext . the desert - day 33 George , he coat over he shoulder , be walk along the side of the railroad track , mitter to himself about he fate . the beauty of the green sagebrush and the yellow wildflcwer in bloom be completely escape he . a few cow be graze in the distance but George do not care . he stop at the sight of a cattle skull at he foot , half bury in the sand . GEORGE ( bitterly ) terrific ! . he shake he head , grit he tooth and continue walk , kick the occasional cactus . ext . the desert - day 34 ° George have be walk for almost two hour . the terrain have change -- red rock mesa and mountain on the horizon . George climb up on one of the smaller mesa '' and , shield he eye from the sun , peer off in all direction . suddenly he see something . he look again . off across the flat plain be a farmhouse and a windmill , a distant vision that sit incongruously on the desert floor like @ child 's model leave in a sandbox . George squeal with delight , jump down , and begin run toward it as fast as he can . ext . the farmhouse - long shot - day , 35 the farmhouse be a startling sight , a clapboard oasis stick up in the middle of nowhere . a dusty road lead to what be essentially two building -- the main house build in the mexican adobe style and a large barn , somewhat red , that look like it be transport from South Carolina . between they be a yard encircle by a corral , a cow shed , a chicken coop , and a outhouse make from a 1930 's silver camper - trailer , George run into frame and down the road . ext . the farmyard - day 36 George arrive at the farmyard and stop to catch he breath . he look around at the pigsty , the turkey in the chicken coop , and the lazy - eye dog who glance up disinterestedly from he kennel . he walk over to a 1950 chevy park by the porch and be about to knock on the front door when he hear the SOUND of " spit-spit-spit " come from the cow shed . ducking under the clothesline , he go to the cow shed door , int . the cow shed - day 37 rita babtree , a large , self - reliant Southern lady in she late sixty be seat on a stool milk one of the cow , she hear George enter but do not stop or turn around . rita if that 's you , pepe , you be in one heap of trouble . cont . 25 37 cont . GEORGE no , it 's not . rita look over she shoulder . rita where 's pepe ? GEORGE . I do not know . my name 's caldwell . George caldwell . ~ rita turn back to milk with a vengeance . rita goddammit ! I know itl he 's go off again with that no -account manuel . that two get together , smoke a little weed , and the next thing they be out buzzing turkey in the pickup . I should have fire he thirty year ago . George walk around so he be face she . GEORGE Excuse I , do you have a telephone ? rita a telephone ? you be not from around here , be you ? GEORGE no. I be lose ... I , ah ... well , I be throw off the Silver streak . rita thrown off ? that a fact ? I be not hear of folk riding hobo on the streak since the Depression . GEORGE I - be not riding hobo . I have a ticket . some other passenger throw I off . it be a fight . that 's why I want to telephone the police and have that guy arrest . rita thrown off , huh ? tell I , be there @ woman in all this ? GEORGE well , there be a girl ... rita ( chuckle ) I know it ! cont. revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 26 37 cont.1 GEORGE but it 's not what you be think . she could be in a great deal of danger herself . I have get to get to the police as soon ... rita finish milk and stand up . she pour the milk from the bucket into the large can in the old freezer . rita sound like you be in a hurry ? GEORGE I be . rita that 's fine , ' cause I be run late myself . i'11 tell you what , Steve ... GEORGE George . rita huh ? GEORGE George caldwell . rita rita babtree . if you finish milk harriet over there I will go change and you can ride into town with I . the sheriff 's a friend of mine . GEORGE great ! what do I have to do ? rita take this bucket and milk she . GEORGE I do not think I have ever milk a cow before . - rita cut the gas , Steve . you be a grow man . I be sure you have have some similar experience . GEORGE well , I ... rita look , sit down , take a tit in each hand and let nature take its course . this cow be so full it 's like tapping a trip valve on Niagara Falls . 46 3 cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 27 37 cont.2 she hand George the stool and bucket and slam the freezer door . rita put the milk in here and I will meet you outside in ten minute . rita exit . George put down the stool and sit beside harriet . he place the bucket beneath she udder and nervously rub he hand together . then , gingerly , he reach out and take a teat in each fist . he begin to squeeze and pull . nothing happen . he try again . nothing . harriet stop she chew and look around . George smile at she and try harder . this time one squirt spit into the empty bucket . George beam . he try again . another short squirt . harriet grunt disgustedly . George stop and look up at she . GEORGE okay , I be a slow starter ... but what happen to Niagara Falls ? ext . the farmyard - day 38 rita exit from the house wear jodhpur and a leather jacket and carry five large parcel tie up with string . she step off the porch and be surprised to see George sit in the front seat of the chevy read something while he wait for she . rita what be you do , Steve ? GEORGE I be look at the schedule for the Silver streak . rita no , no . I mean what be you sit in ...? we be not go in that . GEORGE we be not ? ext . the barn - day 39 rita fling open the barn door and George stand stare at a old - fashioned two - seater biplane park in the center of the hangar- like barn . rita put this package in the backseat with you and I will get the wheel block . I only hope pepe have fill it with enough gas . 4€5 revised - " the silver streak " ~- 4/9/76 28 int . the barn - day 4 of rita walk off to the end of the barn and push open the two large door . George eye the plane like it be some smithsonian antique . GEORGE be we go to fly in this ? rita what 's the matter ? -- you afraid of fly ? GEORGE no , no . people keep ask that . I be not afraid of fly ! rita great ! ' Cause it be not no fun soar with a turkey . like Jack use to say -- you take some greenhorn up , do a few loop - the - loop and suddenly you get yourself a outhouse in the sky . ( chuckle ) oh , that Jack ! he be something special . rita put on she fly goggle and she white scarf and climb into the cockpit . George finish stack the package in the backseat , and climb in behind she . he take rita c'mon , Steve . hop to it ! for want to be in stavely by two o'clock . GEORGE ( suddenly ) two o'clock ! stammer ) it 's now only eleven-thirty ... how far ?.. - how long ? ( finally ) where be stavely ? rita sixty mile the other side of albuquerque . GEORGE wait a minute . out the train schedule and look at it eagerly . GEORGE the Silver streak stop there at two twenty - seven ! if we get there by two we can-have the sheriff meet the train when it arrive . rita I suppose so . ready ? watch that parcel . cont. 465 29 40 cont . rita start the engine . George settles in the seat and strap himself in still smile at the good news . GEORGE this be fabulous ! rita move out . ext , the field - day a the plane be racing along the bumpy runway field , pick up speed with every bounce . rita have she goggle down and gun the engine while she white scarf flap in the wind , George be white - face and terrify -- a direct contrast from tne shot before . he look ahead at the approach windmill and tug nervously at he seat belt and shoulder strap as the plane jump up and down like a bilious bird . finally with a mighty effort rita pull back on the stick and the plane surge into flight . up , up it go and to George 's wide - eye horror it miss by inch the top arm of the windmill . rita be too happy to even notice . she shout back . rita they talk of the joy of sex , Steve , but it do not last like the fun of fly ! ext , flying montage - day 42 a medley of shot show rita and George fly over the change Arizona landscape and into New Mexico . ext , the sky - day 43 George look down and see the Silver streak snake its way along the track below they . he point it out to rita . GEORGE there 's the Silver streak . ext , the sky - day 4 d they be well ahead of the train now and be fly over flat pasture . George glance at he watch . GEORGE I think we be go to make it . rita look at that sheep . do not they make a lovely sight . oh , I be just itching to buzz they . GEORGE buzz they ? what 's that ? cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 30 44 cont . rita you never buzze sheep before ? GEORGE no. rita ( chuckle to herself ) oh , I really should not . GEORGE do what ? rita well , maybe just one run . hold on , Steve . we be go in . like a sheep dog of the sky rita zoom down toward the sheep , soar over they back as they scatter in bleat panic . she laugh with sinful glee . rita look at that dumb little critter run !... o0h , my God , I be a wick old lady -- but be not that a hoot ! she chuckle some more and stare down at the flock . obviously she be think of do it again . ext . a road - day 4s a old yellow vw convertible speed down a dusty road from the little desert airport in the b.g. rita be drive and George be sit beside she look very worried . he glance at he watch , shake he head and shout at rita . GEORGE I do not think we be go to make it . it 's after two o'clock already . rita we will make it . do not worry ... but I guess we should not have stop to buzz that sheep . they speed on . ext . stavely - day 46 stavely . be a small western town situate at the foot of the Rocky Mountains and build on either side of a main street with the train station at one end . rita and George come speed into town and pull up in front of the sheriff 's office . a old prospector be sit in a chair by the door . cont. 465 31 46 cont . rita the sheriff in , burt ? burt hello , rita . no , he 's over at clancey 's dairy . he will be back in about ... George interrupt with a howl as he see that the Silver streak be stand at the station ready to depart . GEORGE look , there 's the Silver streak ! rita you want to go get the sheriff ? GEORGE no , no ! I have get to run , thanks , rita . bye . he run off toward the end of town , rita yell after hin : rita so long , Steve . burt crazy kidl rita and this time try to stay on . gur 47 ext . the platform - day 48 George catch up to the move train and run alongside . in the last car some drunken conventioneers see he and open the door , yell encouragement to he . . first conventioneer come on , boy . you can make it . second conventioneer that 's iti that 's it ! grab on . George hop onto the train and the conventioneer congratulate he with gusto , slapping he on the back and offer to join they in a drink . they hustle he away . int . the coach lounge - day 4g the lounge be crowded with conventioneer in the middle of they two - dey party . George enter with he three new friend who . eagerly show he the cardboard cut - out of " Mary - Lou . " he see plain Jane , who be have a wonderful time booz it up . she stop George as he pass . plain jane do not you just love train travel . cont. 465 32 49 cont . George smile and ad-lib he apology leave the party . int . the coach - day 50 half-heartedly fix up he dishevel appearance George walk through the rest of the second - class section . most of the passenger be poor , old , kid or hippie happily blow away on pot . a amish couple read they prayer book while two honeymooning republicans take 8 mm movie from the train window , George pass they all without turn he head . ext . the rockies - day : 51 the Silver streak be beginning its climb up the spectacular scenery of the Rocky Mountains . int , the first -class diner - day 52 George be walk toward the dining car when he stop at the door and step back so he will not be notice . he look again into the dining car and we see what he see -- hilly with she back towards we be finish a late lunch with Roger devereau , the suave , continental gentleman we glimpse earlier . George be surprised to see she with devereau and be about to approach she when he notice that devereau , in conversation , pat she hand somewhat intimately ... George stop short . he be confuse and sit quietly down at the nearest table to watch she . sweet be at the table , read a newspaper . he put it down and look at George . sweet I ask you to join I for breakfast . this be lunch . GEORGE yeah , sorry . I lose track of the time . sweet oh , yeah ? what be you do back there ? get yourself a little ass ? GEORGE ( deadpan ) actually I be squeezing some tit . sweet you sexy devil ! and you look like you work up a sweat , too , ya horny bastard . George be not listen . he be watch hilly . sweet look around and turn back to George . sweet well , what do you expect ? she 's a hot little number and he 's heavy competition . GEORGE you know he ? cont. 465 33 52 cont. sweet do not everybody ? name be Roger devereau , Chicago 's own jet-setter . the tribune be always talk about he . he 's the big cheese on the board of the Art Institute . like I say , heavy competition . hilly and devereau get up from the table . George duck he head so he will not be see . sweet you go to take he on ? hilly and devereau exit out the far door . George stand up to follow . sweet let I know how it turn out . George walk down the aisle and out the dining car door . int . a car of roomettes - day 53 take great care not to be see , George follow devereau and hilly down the. center aisle with roomettes on either side . int . george' corridor - day 54 at the end of he car George wait and peer around the corner . hilly have stop by she door . she talk for '' second to devereau and then step inside . devereau walk on forward to the baggage car . as soon as he disappear , George go to he compartment and step inside . int . george' compartment - day 55 the first thing we notice be the partition between he and hilly 's room have be put back up and the connect door be close . George listen for a moment at the door and then open it slowly . hilly be kneel on the couch sadly leok out the window . she see George and could not be more surprised . : hilly George ! George step into she room . int . hilly compartment - day a - 55 GEORGE hilly , be you all right ? cont. 465 34 a=-55 cont . hilly spring off the couch and into he arm . she holc he desperately . George be more confuse than ever . GEORGE hilly , what 's the matter ? hilly suddenly break away from hin , totally change she emotion from one of need to one of nonchalance . hilly tne matter ? who leave who ? the last I hear you be go to visit the professor . GEORGE the professor be dead . murdered . I be sure of it . hilly oh , George ... GEORGE no , listen to I . I go to he room this morning and he be not there . instead two thug be go through he thing . they push I out , twisted my arm and throw I off the train . hilly threw you off ! GEORGE the point be they be look for something . they have kill the professor to get it and now I be sure they will be after you . we have get to get off at the next stop and contact the police . hilly oh , George . you have get it all mix up . GEORGE hilly , this be serious . ( grab hold of she ) I be worried about you ... I be ... he look in she eye . she look in he . there be obvicusly a strong emotional bond between they . suddenly the door open and devereau walk in . hilly quickly step away from George . she smile at devereau who smile back but we see in cont. 465 35 a-55 cont.1 he cold eye that the intimacy of the scene he just interrupt be extremely disturbing to he . hilly hello , Roger . I would like you to meet a friend of mine , George caldwell . devereau how do you do . GEORGE hello . hilly George be just tell I how he have be throw off the train . devereau you ! you be the one . oh , I be happy to see you . be you all right ? GEORGE ( confuse ) - yes . devereau well , that 's good news , you know , as soon as I be tell I contact . the police in albuquerque . [ I tell they to spare no expense in make sure you be safe . reace , himself , get off the train to find you . he 's like a child . he want to say he be sorry . tell I , how do you manage to get back on ? GEORGE wait , wait a minute . who 's reace ? devereau reace ? why , he 's the man who throw you off . GEORGE huh ? devereau you must remember he . a large man with not very attractive dental work . GEORGE I remember , but what 's he get to do with you ? cont . 36 a-55 cont , .2 devereau he work for I , he 's my chauffeur . GEORGE bute . devereau he 's not very bright , of course , put very loyal . naturally I take full responsibility for he action and I be more than willing to pay for any damage . I be just so relieved to see that you be not hurt . : GEORGE wait a minute . who be that : other guy ? he work for you , too ? . devereau yes . oh , you have not hear the story ? you see , early this morning I be have breakfast with Professor schreiner . he want to show I some important papers connect with he book but to he horror he could not find they . we searched he compartment -- twice . we send reace in here to get hilly and finally we find they in he trunk in the baggage car . it be a terrible upset but then if you have meet the professor , you know he can be very absent-mind . hilly George think the professor have be murder . devereau murdered ? GEORGE that 's right . last night . devereau how extraordinary ! what make you think that ? GEORGE I see he body fall from the roof right by that window . he be shot in the head . devereau you be in this room ? devereau glance at hilly . GEORGE I be lie right there . it be so clear -- the blood , he face . I will 465 never forget it . 37 another angle 56 the door open and professor schreiner walk in . George be thunderstruck . and stare open - mouthedly at the trim , healthy . elderly gentleman with the white moustache and goatee -- the very same person he have see fall dead the night before . the Professor have just step in to talk to hilly . professor hilly , youtll have to go to my compartment and straighten it out . that man , whiney ; do not know what " he 's do . ah , devereau . devereau Professor schreiner , I would like you to meet Mr. caldwell . Mr. caldwell , Professor schreiner . . professor hello . what do you do to you jacket ? GEORGE well , eh ...i ..- devereau Mr. caldwell be the man reace inadvertently throw off the train . professor oh , yes . that stupid mant I do hope you be not hurt . GEORGE I be okay . professor I suppose I be to blame for this morning 's fraca . after all , none of this would have happen if I have not misplace the rembrandt letter . GEORGE the what ? professor do not matter . I be so glad that you be all right and manage to get back on the train . the door open and Mr. whiney , the bespectacle little guy with the plastic cigarette enter to ask the Professor a question . whiney ' Professor , I have put back as much ... ( see George ) 465 hey ! how would you get here ? cont. 38 56 cont . devereau Mr , caldwell , allow I to introduce my associate , Mr. whiney . I be sure if there be a apology owed he will be happy to make it . it 's too bad reace be not here to do the same . whiney reace , that moron ! it be all he fault . I be look for the papers . ( to george} I never touch you , do I ? GEORGE no . whiney see . professor well , it 's all be very hectic for I , I be go to have a scotch and lie down . devereau why do not you use my compartment ? professor thank you , I think I will . ( gesture at whiney ) hilly , give he a hand with that mess . ( e George ) Mr. caldwell , it be nice meeting you . I hope for both of we the rest of the trip will be a little less exhilate . the Professor leave . George look at devereau , whiney and hilly -- especially hilly -- and have never feel so utterly embarrassed . he attempt to smile . GEORGE well , I think I have really make a fool of myself this morning . devereau not at all . GEORGE oh , yes . I be stick my nose into a lot of stuff that 's none of my business and get a lot of crazy idea . ( to hilly ) you be right . I be see a lot of nonsense last night . too much champagne . cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 39 ' . 56 cont.1 hilly oh , George . - ( sympathetically ) here , let I fix you jacket . . GEORGE . no , that 's okay . I have get another . he go to the door and step into he room . it be obvious that he be upset and jealous over devereau 's interest in hilly but he feel that he have make such a ass out of he - self in front of both of they that he just want to get away . GEORGE well , we get into Chicago tomorrow and I ndid have some work to do on , this trip , so I will just say good - bye . devereau . L perhaps you can join we for dinner , Mr. caldwell ? hilly yes , do . . GEORGE thank you . no . I think I will probably have my meal in here . as he closé the door he give one parting shot for hilly 's benefit . _ . . . GEORGE hmmm .. the latch be break . i'1l get the. porter to have that fix ‘right. away . - & he shut the door . Mr. whiney sit down on the couch and . pégin to snicker . but devereau 's expression change from serenely confident to deeply troubled . he turn to hilly who look at he in she insouciant way . suddenly and viciously he slap she across the face . ext . the rockies - day 57 the silver streak be make a steady climb up the mountain grade , pass beside the many treacherous gorge that fall off to the side . : int , the lounge car - day 58 it be late afternoon . George be shave and change and seat at a lounge car table beside one of the picture window . he have before he a bucket of ice , some soda and cont . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 40 58 cont. six miniature bottle of scotch , plus two empty one line up in a row . he take a sip of scotch from he glass , see sweet enter and wave he over . GEORGE hey , sweet ! come join I . ( to bartender ) bring the man some ice . sweet comé over and sit down . sweet what be you -- a miniature alcoholic ? GEORGE we be soon approach the rayner tunnel , the high point on the line . when we reach it , I intend to be even higher . sweet be careful you do not fall off . the bartender bring over sweet 's glass and George pour in the content of one of the bottle . GEORGE oh , no ! I have leave the train once this trip . and once be definitely ' enough . sweet what do you mean ? George settles back to tell he story . GEORGE last night in the blonde 's compartment , I have a bizarre hallucination . I think I see she boss hang dead outside the window . sweet you mean Professor schreiner ? GEORGE the same . shot through the head . I know I would be drink but this morning when I go look for the Professor I meet this short little weasel of a guy in he room . cont . revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 41 , ' 58 cont . 1 sweet ' Edgar whiney . GEORGE how do you know ? sweet I know . go on . GEORGE well , suddenly this move mountain with a gold mine stick in he gum , pitch I off the train . and if that be not ... sweet ( anterrupt ) so you never see the Professor ? GEORGE nope . ' I meet he for the first time this afternoon . sweet where ? GEORGE in hilly 's compartment . she introduce we . you see , the whole thing be just one big disunderstand . apparently ... sweet what do he look like ? GEORGE like he picture . why this question ? sweet what do he say to you ? GEORGE nothing much . he be feel tired and go to have a scotch . sweet a scotch ? GEORGE yeah . he 's lie down in devereau 's compartment . you want some more ice ? cont . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 42 58 cont.2 sweet , who have be earnestly mull over this information , snap to attention . . sweet of course ! he look at George with a new gleam in he eye -- almost as if he be another character -- and stop he from open another of the little scotch bottle . sweet that 's enough of that ! you. sober up . we have get work to do . GEORGE ir beg you pardon ! sweet listen , that be no hallucination you have . the Professor have be murder . the guy you see this afternoon ' be a fake . whe. GEORGE t? : cont . 465 465 revised ~ " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 sweet I speak with the real Professor 43 58 cont .3 last night . he do not want anything to do with devereau . besides , he be a health nut . he do not touch alcohol . , GEORGE aww , just because you be in the health food business ... sweet reach for he wallet and flash a badge at George . sweet my name be stephen ... I be a Federal agent . ( put it away ) we have be work on this case for two year . George have sober up fast -- but be still GEORGE I do not understand . why be you tailing the Professor ? sweet I be not . I be tailing devereau . let 's go . he stand up . George pick up the bottle the bar while he mind race . GEORGE devereau ? well , what about hilly ? sweet confuse . and put they on do not worry about it . I do not think they '1l kill she before we get to Chicago . I do not think they ' 11 even kill you -- till then . George gulp , smile vaguely at the bartend sweet , walk briskly out of the lounge . int . the train corridor - day er and follow 59 sweet be make he way down the corridor with a alertness and @ purpose that we have not see before . fat Men step from he room . sweet keep with sweet beat it , fatso . one of the falk . the fat man be shocked but scurries back to he room to let sweet pass . George follow behind be very impressed . revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 ak int . the baggage car - day 60 sweet open the baggage car door , and the two man step inside and look around . it be basically a boxcar with some shelf build on the side and some rack from which bicycle hang . upside down . half of the storage be cardboard carton , suit - case , and large travel trunk . the other be the equip - ment for the " Sea and Sun " convention -- collapsible display booth , sign , cardboard cutout of " Mary - Lou , " and various item of sport equipment -- canoe , paddle , inflatable raft , and underwater spear fishing outfit . sweet devereau 's man must have bring the Professor here last night some time after nine o'clock . GEORGE how do you figure that ? sweet because [ leave he at nine , and because this be the one place where there be easy access to the roof . ( point ) somehow he escape , make it up that ladder and down the train before they shot hin . he walk out the far door and onto the outside platform . George follow . ext . the baggage car platform - day 61 there be no cover over this platform , and sweet begin climb up the ladder . GEORGE you be not go up there , be you ? sweet yeah . the rayner tunnel be up ahead . keep a lookout for I , will ya ? GEORGE all right , I will try . sweet just watch out for low hang signal arm . he finish climb and step up onto the roof . George swallow hard and begin climb up after he . 465 465 revised - " the silver streak " + 4/9/76 45 ext . the train roof - day 62 sweet be walk down the center of the car . he look back at George who have reach the top of the ladder , but who be not yet willing to stand up on the roof . sweet smile and wave okay . he begin walk down the roof of the train , nimbly jump over between the car . George watch he with a great deal of trepidation . he look down to he side and see a great Rocky Mountain gorge several hundred foot below . it 's obvious that there be not anything that would get he to go walk on the top of this train . sweet bend down and pick up something . he look around , then make he way back to the ladder . George climb down and wait for sweet . they both go into the baggage car and close the door , . int , the baggage car - day 63 . GEORGE what do you find ? sweet hand George a piece of material that he find on the train roof . sweet it be hook on a protrude bolt . George finger the piece of material . it be obvious that it come from the dead Professor 's jacket . GEORGE then I be right . I do see he . sweet I will bet devereau have already have the body pick up and place in cold storage somewhere . too bad . he be a sweet old guy . GEORGE but why would devereau want to kill the Professor ? sweet take the material and place it carefully in he wallet . as he open he jacket , George notice he be carry a guh . sweet begin snooping around the baggage car , pick up various piece of sport equipment . he cont. 465 " revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 46 63 cont. seem to be look for something or maybe just try to figure out how the Professor escape . he open and close the large side door . sweet devereau be go to be embarrassed by the finding in he book . two of the Institute 's rembrandts -- both buy and authenticate by devereau -- be go to be prove as forgeries , and the Professor have the proof in he posseasion . I ask he what this proof be . he smile cagliy and tell I I would have to wait for he lecture . GEORGE devereau be not go to wait . sweet . no. look , here 's devereau 's safe ... sweet kneel down to examine it , but continue with he story . sweet the idea I think be to kidnap then kill the Professor , substitute a phony look - alike who would botch the lecture and discredit the book . sweet stand up apparently satisfied with he inspection of the safe . sweet we have get to find that proof . GEORGE but they have it . that 's what whiney and everyone be look for this morning -- the rembrandt letter ! they say they find they in the Professor 's trunk . sweet they be lie . that be the first place they look before they begin turn he room upside down . no , the Professor hide they somewhere -- some place simple ... just as a precaution when he learn that devereau be on the train . he have no time to -- cont . revised ~ " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 you 63 cont.1 GEORGE my God ! I know where they arel sweet react . George fling open the baggage car door and stride down the corridor . sweet follow , but have to walk quickly to keep up . int . george' corridor - day 64 the second fat man be step out of the public toilet at the end of the car . George be rush toward he . GEORGE beat it , fatso . he be completely startle and quickly step back into the toilet . George do not stop . he step around the corridor and open he compartment door . int , george' compartment - day 65 George walk in follow by sweet who close the door . George quickly take he briefcase from the chair , open it , and with a sigh of relief take out the Professor 's book on rembrandt . he throw down the briefcase and open the jacket cover of the book , very carefully he remove the envelope and take out the content -- three piece of old , but strong , parchment paper cover in neat scribbling of black ink . George @lance over they and offer they to sweet with a smile , GEORGE the rembrandt letter . sweet take they and sit down . sweet Holy Toledo , I think you have find they . ( look through they ) the genuine article , pen by the old boy himself . GEORGE ( read the signature ) rembrandt van rijn . sweet my guess be that there be some fact , some date in all of this that prove the charge the Professor make in he book . and that mean bye-bye , devereau . ( fold they up ) Press the button for the porter . I want to get the conductor in here and radio a message to the next town . George press the signal for the porter . he sit down and put the letter back in the envelope . GEORGE it 's hard to believe that a man be kill over this . cont . revised - " the silver streak " - 4/6/76 48 65 cont . ~ sweet they be only the tip of the iceberg . that plane crash in cologne be one of devereau 's special -- a hundred people kill to cover up he involvement in the Metropolitan Gallery scandal . GEORGE why be not he catch ? sweet no proof . but with that letter we have get he . his multimillion dollar operation in art be go to bust wide open , and some important people , even several government , be go to be catch in the blast . GEORGE that 's why she be so distant . they have she cornere , but she still try not to get I involved . as George muse by the window , sweet pace back and forth , sweet remember you neck 's on the line , too . you have already tell they you see the real Professor shot . GEORGE yeah , I do . so what do we do now ? sweet you be responsible for hilly . just get she off the train and to safety . I will deal with devereau , GEORGE how ? here come the tunnel . sweet glance out the window as the entrance to the rayner tunnel approach . sweet I be go to get the conductor to send a code message to the Bureau . that will be relay to my chief in Illinois . my guess be we will make we move when the train get to dodge City tonight ... cont. 465 4g 65 cont.1 a knock at the door . sweet very appropriate . the old ' gunsmoke at the okay corral . ' the train race into the tunnel as sweet open the door . immediately the compartment be plunge into darkness , ani the noise of the rattling wheel rise sharply in volume . w2 hear a gunshot and see a flash . sweet groan . gedrge y2ll . another gunshot , another flash , and we hear the door close . George turn on the overhead light as sweet fall to the floor shot in the chest . ~ GEORGE what happen ? what the ...! he kneel beside sweet , who be bleed profusely . sweet cough . sweet take my gun . get the girl off , George hesitates . he can see that sweet be die ... GEORGE but ... sweet ( fiercely , despite the pain take it ! George open he jacket and take sweet 's gun . sweet groan and choke up some blood . sweet leave I . : GEORGE no , I can not ... the train come out of the tunnel , and the noise and dariness cease . sweet look at George . for a moment he seem to catch he breath . he grin ruefully , clutching he ches + . sweet you know something ? I get the funny feel this bullet be mean for you . his body suddenly shake -- and he be dead . George stare at he horrify . a knock at the door and ralston , the porter , enter , he step into the room and look down at George , ' ameeling over the bleed body with a gun in one hand , and the rembrandt letter in the other . ralston freak ! cont. 465 50 65 cont.2 ralston shoot ] that man be dead ! George stand up to explain , but ralston look at the gun in he hand and freak again . ralston Holy moley ! you shot he ! GEORGE ( advance ) no. no , I ... ralston you...you ... ralston back up , open the door and race outside , ext , george' corridor - day 66 ralston run down toward the back of the train , alternately yell and mumble . ralston he 's be shot ! a man 's be shot . sweet Jesus in bethlehem , a man 's be shot ! the mexican mama - San and the blue-haire Lady with the poodie in the shopping bag be at the end of the corridor , ralston rush past they with a hurried warning . ralston watch out . he 's come . a man 's be shot ! George step out of he compartment . GEORGE wait ! wait ! you do not understand . waving he gun and try to explain , he advance on the two lady . the poodle bark and the woman recoil in terror , mexican mama - san Santa Maria -- the rapist ! blue~haired lady oh my God ! shriek like banshee they turn and flee . George stop at the end of the corridor and let they go . the door alongside he open and Mr , whiney stick he head out to see what all the fuss be about . he look at George and be definitely surprised , whiney hey ! you be not ... ( turn inside ) hey ! he 's not dead . cont. 465 51 66 cont . George look over whiney 's head into the compartment . gold teeth be sit in the chair Cleaning he gun . he , too be surprised to see George alive but quickly decide what to do about it . snap the cartridge into he pistol , he stand up ready to kill . George gulp and bolt down the corridor toward he room , gold teeth push past whiney and step out in the corridor , he see George and fire , the bullet miss and George tear around the corner toward the baggage car . int . the baggage car - day 67 George run into the baggage car , gasp for breath . he slam the door behind he , lock it , and quickly look around for a place to hide . he run to the other end of the car , stuff the rembrandt letter inside he jacket , int . the baggage car entrance - day 68 gold teeth arrive at the baggege car door and try to open it . it 1s lock . scowl and grind he jaw he look around for a way to break it open . int . the baggage car - day 69 George go out onto the baggage car platform . he look at the ladder lead up to the roof and decide that he be too afraid to try to escape that way . int . baggage car entrance - day 70 gold teeth see the fire axe on the wall , he smashes the glass with he fist , grab the axe and begin furiously pound at the door , int . the baggage car - day 71 George hear the first blow . he come back into the baggage car and declde to make a stand there , after all , he have a gun so he begin pile up some trunk by the side door as a@ barricade , int , the baggage car entrance - day 72 gold teeth be make progress , the lock on the door be beginning to give . int , the baggage car - day 73 George kneel down behind the improvise barricade he butlt and aim he gun at the door . he be ready , he wait , int , the baggage car entrance - day th gold teeth continue he furious pound . 465 52 int , the baggage car - day 75 George look behind he . he put he gun on a nearby trunk and decide it would be a good idea to unlock the side door as a avenue of emergency escape . he open the latch and try to pull the door back . he try again , it open with a sudden jerk so unexpectedly that George trip backward and knock he gun off the trunk . he gasp in horror as the gun bounce on the floor and tumble out the open door . he stick he head out and look back down the track , all he can see be the deep rocky mountain gorge run alongside the train ... certain death to anyone who would try to jump off . the pounding at the main door increase and George see the lock be beginning to give . he close the side door and face inside . he look at he barricade , at the trunk , at the smile face of the cardboard " Mary - Lou . " it be clear he be scared and have no idea which way to turn , int , the baggage car entrance - day 76 gold teeth swing the axe furiously , he be like a crazy man , singlemind and possess . at last the lock give way . gold teeth throw down the axe and kick the door open . take out he gun , he advance cautiously , int . baggage car - day 77 gold teeth step into the car and drop down behind a trunk , he look around . George be nowhere to be see . he stanis up and very carefully begin make he way to the barricada , he look behind it . George be not there , disgust , he turn and quickly look through the rest of the car even push over the cardboard cut - out of " Mary - Lou " to see if he be hide behind that . satisfied that George be not in the car , he walk out onto the baggege car platform . he see the padder lead to the roof . he look up , smile , and begin to a. . ext . the train roof - day 78 the grade be steep and the train 1s go slow . very cautiously gold teeth poke he head up and look down the length of the train . he can not see George anywhere . he stand up on the roof and look about . realizing there be no way for George to have go forward toward the engine , he begin carefully walk back toward the rear . as he hop over the canvas cover space between the baggage car and the first - class sleeper , we see George 's head below he fearfully watch , cling to the side of the train , ext , the train roof - another angle - day a-78 the train suddenly lurch and George 's foot slip . he hang in the air , he body bang against the side of the tra:in as he desperately try to get a foot before he fall of . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/5/76 53 ee ext . the train roof - another angle - day b- 78 gold teeth continue walk forward . George regains he foot and climb back on the roof . gold teeth hear he and turn . but George have stand up , sling the underwater spear gun from around he shoulder and be point it directly at he pursuer . | . GEORGE hold it ! do not move or I '1 ] 1 shoot , gold teeth look at the ridiculous spear gun and grin . his evil eye glint menacingly . he begin slowly to point he gun at George . George fire . in a flash the spear fly through ' the air and imbed itself in gold teeth 's shoulder . gold teeth stagger in shock , lurch over and fall . his body slide off the roof of the train and George watch horrify as it tumble down the gorge , bounce from rock to rock till it disappear from sight . George stand on the roof stunne at what he have see and what he have 'done . he look at the spear gun in he hand and viciously hurl it away . he watch it fall and take a deep breath . remember that hilly be still in danger , he turn to walk back to the ladder . just then , a low hang signal arm hit he in the stomach , knock he off balance and swinging he off the roof . he scramble and hold on , hang by he hand till the arm swing he all the way over to the hillside . letting go , he slide on he back down the dirt embankment , stop by the railroad track just as the last car of the train speed past . George sit up and watch it go with open-mouthed wonder and surprise . GEORGE son-of -a-bitch ! ext . a mountain - long shot - day 79 as the sun go down in the distance we see George , a lonely solitary figure , follow the railway line through the mountain . it be as desolate as the desert . ext , the mountain - dusk 80 George walk disgustedly along the track '' throw stone and mutter to himself . it be get cold and he turn up he jacket collar . to he right he gee a meadow , a line of tree and the distant mountain . suddenly above the line of tree he see a semi-trailer carry a load of car . they disappear . George run down the track and through a break in the tree see a main road . a car pass . another car with its headlight already on speed by . with a yell of delight George race toward the meadow and scramble up the bank to the road where because of the frequent traffic it be obvious he will be able to get a lift . 465 revised ~ " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 5h ext , a SMALL midwestern town - night a - 80 the main street be desert as a old truck carry plumbing equipment and toilet bowl pull up in front of the old clapboard sheriff 's office . George get out and walk across the dusty street . as he climb the wooden step to the sheriff 's office he hear a rifle shot ring out . George jump . another rifle shot and then the SOUND of a fierce gun battle come from inside . we 81 - . 83 int . the sheriff' office - night 84 cautiously stick he head around the corner , George peer through the screen door . oliver chauncey , the town sheriff be seat back in a chair with he foot up on he desk watch a cop and robber show on television . he be really excited now that the gun battle have break out . chauncey that 's it , boy . blow that baby ! head off ! George enter and go up to the desk . GEORGE Excuse I . chauncey huh ? oh , just a minute . jeeze , would you look at that . bam ! bam ! bam ! whew ! that boy be something , be not he ? woop ! commercial . he turn down the volume by remote control and swivel around to face George . chauncey well , what can I do for you ? GEORGE I want to report a murder . chauncey huh ? GEORGE a murder . a man 's be shot on the Silver streak . and there 's a e@irl -- she 's in great danger , we have get to stop the train ... chauncey hey , hold on a second ! you say a man 's be shot ? GEORGE that 's right . ~ cont . revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 / 55 84 cont . chauncey jumpin ' jiminie ! we be not never have a@ murder before . sit dow . want a cup of coffee ? help yourself . okay now , let 's get the fact . what 's you name ? GEORGE caldwell . George caldwell . I be fram Los Angeles . chauncey ( write L.A. okay . and who be shot ? GEORGE actually there be two . chauncey two ? GEORGE yes . the first be Bob sweet . he be a federal undercover agent . chauncey ( write ) a fed ! no shit GEORGE and the second be a man name reace . I shot he . chauncey you shot he ? GEORGE yes . he shot sweet . chauncey because sweet be a fed ? GEORGE no , because he think sweet be I . chauncey so reace shot sweet and you shot reace ? GEORGE right . with a spear gun . chauncey with a what ? GEORGE see , I take sweet 's gun but I drop it and have to use a spear gun . eh , do not you think we could call ... chauncey wait . you shot reace with a spear ? 465 cont , revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 56 84 cont.2 GEORGE yes . he be go to shoot I . chauncey with a spear ? GEORGE no , with a bullet , see , he shot the professor . chauncey who shot the professor ? GEORGE reace , chauncey reace shot sweet , GEORGE and the professor . chauncey and you shot reace , . GEORGE right . chauncey ( look at he note ) that make three , GEORGE oh , yeah . I forget . the professor be shot last night . look , can not we do all this later ? chauncey be there anyone else ? GEORGE anyone else what ? chauncey shot . GEORGE no , but there will be if we do not stop that train . look , can not you call you superior ? tell they I have the rembrandt letter . that 's why the professor be shot . chauncey be he with the fed ? 465 , cont. 465 GEORGE who ? 57 84 cont . 2 chauncey this guy rembrandt . GEORGE rembrandt be dead . chauncey Dead ? ( look at he note ) that make four . ( get angry ) listen , feller , you sure you be not make this up as you go along ? I be a officer of the law and I get a lot better thing to listen to that kind of the phone ring . do than funnin ' , chauncey that 's my hot line . ( stand up ) now you better take the time to get you fact straight ' cause when I come back I want you answer to be clear and to the point . get that ? and you can start with who shot rembrandt . chauncey step into the glass booth alongside he office where the switchboard and dispat close the door and answer the George take the train schedule deep groan begin to study it . ch equipment be set up . he phone . outside a frustrated out of he pocket and with a chauncey hello . yeah , this be chauncey ... no shit ...? jumpin ' jiminie ! ( softly ) he 's sit right here office ... that 's right ! in here spout a lot about shoot people of want to confess . I k in my he come of bull n the train . new he be a looney right off ...0h , yeah . do not you worry . I have handle looney vefore . gotcha ! , chauncey hang up and look out through the glass at gecrge . he reach for he gun but he holster be empty . he lock cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 58 , : 84 cont.3 out into the office and see he gun on the sink . disgust with himself , he step out of the booth . George stand up . GEORGE listen , sheriff , I guess I be a little rattle before ... chauncey oh , that 's quite all right , Mr. caldwell . that 's what you say you name be , do not you ? George caldwel1 ? GEORGE yeah . but I really think we ought to get on the phone to Washington . I be sure if they hear what I have get to say they will do something about stop the train . smiling widely and act casual , chauncey begin to edge himself over to he gun . chauncey oh , yeah ! well , they be pretty smart , that boy in Washington . you ever watch they on tv ? bam ! bam ! bam ! George ignore this . his anger , however , be rapidly rise . GEORGE look . they know all about sweet and devereau . I figure the Silver streak will be in Kansas in a hour . we could stop they at Scott City or maybe dodge . chauncey grab the gun off the sink and point it at George . chauncey just keep that hand where they be , mister , and we will have no trouble . George look at he . then at the gun . he be really piss . GEORGE what the ...! give I that . with one quick movement George grab the gun out of chauncey 's hand and point it at he . this be so unexpected that chauncey do not believe it happen . then he throw he hand up in the air . chauncey do not shoot ! do not shoot ! cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 59 84 cont.4 George be furious . waving the gun threateningly at chauncey he back he up around the office . GEORGE do not shoot ! you stupid , ignorant , son-of - a-bitch , what do you think I be do here ! Jesus Christ ! I have meet some dumb bastard in my time but . you outrun they all . get over there ! I come here to get help for @ girl who may be kill any minute and you be run around play cop and robber like you be on goddamn television ! chauncey you be not never go to get away with this . George stop . he give up . GEORGE aw , to hell with it . pick up that phone . chauncey we know all about you . GEORGE what ? chauncey that be the county sheriff on the hot line . they be come to get you . you have not get a chance . GEORGE to get I ? what for ? chauncey for kill a vitamin salesman on the Silver streak . GEORGE he be no vitamin salesman . I tell you . he be a federal agent ... they should know that . chuancey now , . look , thing will go a lot easier for you if you just put down that gun and come along quietly . you be outnumber . there be not no way you be ever go to escape . cont. 465 od 84 cont 5 ) we hear a police siren and a car approach , GEORGE what 's that ? chauncey that 's my deputy . George make a decision . he pick up he t the rembrandt letter and motion chauncey GEORGE get outside . chauncey all right . do not shoot ! do not shoot ! you be not never go to get away with this . ext . the sheriff' office - night rain schedule and toward the dcor , 85 the police car drive up as George and chauncey step out the door . moose , the young deputy , call out happily to the sheriff . moose hey , uncle Oliver , guess what I get ? George wave he gun at moose and walk down the step with chauncey . GEORGE get out of the car , boy . moose uncle Oliver , he 's get you gun . GEORGE c'mon , get out . stand over there and keep you hand up . the kid step out of the car and join chauncey stand off to the side in the light of the headlight . chauncey the whole county know about you . they be not go to rest till they hunt you down . George start up the engine . moose uncle Oliver , he 's take you car George hop in . cont. 465 61 85 cont . chauncey you 'ai not never go to get away . with this . . moose but , uncle Oliver , he 's get ... chauncey one more word out of you , boy , and I gonna smash you in the mouth . the car zoom off in a cloud of dust . as soon as it spin around the corner out of sight , chauncey drop he hand and race up the step ' to he office . . int . the sheriff' office - night 86 chauncey run around he desk and into the slass booth . he pick up the phone and quickly press some button . chauncey j.j. I have get . bad news . caldwell 's escape ...! look , this be not no time to go into that . he 's head down three - fifty . we can stop he before he cross the state line . ext . the road - night . 87 the sheriff 's car speed through the night . int . the sheriff' car - night 88 George be racing along at sixty mile a hour , mumble to himself about chauncey . - a GEORGE Dumb , stupid bastard ... new angle 89 behind George 's back a pair of handcuff hand suddenly . appear and grab he by the shoulder . they belong to a young black dude in the backseat by the name of grover muldoone , grover ' hey , man ... : GEORGE Jesus Christ ! George swerve in fright and the black dude be throw to the floor . he pull himself back up after George straighten out the car . . GEORGE who the hell be you ? .f cont. 465 62 89 cont . grover I 'ma thief . now , if I be not gonna freak you out again , would you mind hand I that set of key . he point to a set of key on the dash . GEORGE oh , sorry . here . George hand they over and grover unlock the handcuffs . grover _ you handle that pretty good back there with old Oliver . I be listen . what they want you for anyway ? GEORGE murder , grover . the big one . well , maybe you could arop I off at the next corner . I want to thank you but I do not mess with the big time . : GEORGE I be not stop anywhere . you know the road around here ? yeah . grover GEORGE well , maybe we can make a deal . I be no murderer , in fact , I be try to stop one . but in a minute we be go to be surround by cop . if '' you can get we out of it , you will be do both of we a favor . get it ? grover think for a moment and make up he mind . grover make a right up here , then take the first leave . I be come over . he get ready to climb into the front seat when George suddenly make the right turn . grover tumble forward and down under the glove compartment . he manage after a few moment of verbal abuse to pull himself together and sit up om the seat . he be wear a flashy blue silk jacket with a Oriental dragon emblazon in gold on the back ( along with the word : when I die I will go to heaven because I have spend my time in hell . 82nd airborne division . " ) he straighten it out with style . cont , 465 63 89 cont.1 grover shit , man ! be that how you murder you victim ? put ‘em in a car and shake them to death . GEORGE sorry . grover sorry ? sorry , my ass . you be one dangerous dude . it prove one thing though . you do not do this for a live . GEORGE no , I do not . grover well , I will take over in a minute . just do not make any more sudden move while I find out the game plan for tonight . he turn on the police radio and tune into chauncey 's voice . int . the sheriff' office ~ night 90 chauncey be in the glass booth sit at the dispatcher 's desk talk into a microphone and study a map laid out in front of he . chauncey he say he be go to get back on that train . that mean he 's crossing into Kansas on one - twenty , one - sixteen or three - fifty . I figure if we plot stakeouts on each of that road , we can nail that boy ... int . the sheriff' car ~ night 91 chauncey 's voice continue over the car radio . chauncey' voice f9 - 8 - ) now , I figure the first should be at the junction of taubman 's Road and one-sixteen ... gr go to it , Oliver ... ( to George ) hey , killer , what be you slow down for ? cont . 465 64 91 cont . GEORGE there 's a truck ahead ... grover for chrissake , you be the man ! let 's turn on the siren and get this weirdo off the road . he lean over and switch on the police red light and wail siren . George speed up . the truck ahead pull over and George whizze by . suddenly a big semi-trailer eross at the intersection in front of they . grover yell and spring for the wheel but George see the danger in time and turn the car , avoid by inch a certain crash with the back of the semi . the police car ride off the shoulder of the road , bump across a field and spin halfway round pefore come to a dusty halt . George look over at grover . after a pause he speak with the calm of a Sunday School teacher address a favorite pupil . GEORGE you want to drive for awhile ? we a - g1 - 97 int , a patrol car - night 98 two policemen be drive along to they roadblock point . the Driver be on the radio mike to chauncey . policeman car thirty-six , chauncey . we be move in for a roadblock on the intersection of taubman 's Road and one-sixteen . int . the sheriff' office - night 99 chauncey that 's fine , feller . car forty - five be already there . we be go for the double block at all point . there be not no way he 's gonna get out . int . the sheriff' car - night 100 grover be listen while he drive . grover the double block , huh ? okay , Oliver , that 's all I want to know . oturn the radio down and look over at George ) better buckle yourself in there , killer . what 's you name , anyhow ? GEORGE George caldwell . cont. 465 revised ~ " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 65 100 cont . grover I be grover T. muldoone so you be not get nothing to worry about . GEORGE oh ? grover I get the nerve and I get the touch . he turn off all the light in the car include the head - light . George look concerned as grover do not reduce speed but continue drive by the light of the moon . grover gesture at George 's seat belt . grover pull it tighter . that 's it . ( smile ) no _ sweat , man , I use to do this all the time in Texas . GEORGE do what ? grover demolition derby , ext , the intersection - night 101 Red flare light up the roadblock and the two police car be park parallel across the road so that oncoming traffic have to slow down almost to a halt to pass between they . Three of the policeman be stand by . then one of they look up and peer into the darkness , grab radio mike . policeman I hear something come , chauncey . can not see anything yet , you 102 - '' ~~ 103 int , the sheriff' car - night 104 George see the red flare and the police car park down the road . they be rapidly come closer and closer , he turn to grover . . GEORGE Jesus ! be not you go to slow down ? grover ( incredulously ) . slow down ? you just keep you eye open , brother . I be gonna make a criminal of you yet . ! he speed up and snap he headlight on . ext , the intersection - night 105 the policeman with the mike suddenly see grover 's car charge out of the darkness toward he , cont . 4e5 66 105 cont . policeman goddamn , feller ! watch out ! he throw away the mike and dive for the roadside . the other policeman run for safety as grover , grin with delight , barrel down toward the roadblock , spin the wheel at the last moment , he execute a slide broadside in - to the first patrol car that knock it off the road and into a ditch . the cop hit the dirt . then , throw the car into reverse grover back up and plow into the other patrol car , crash into it with such split- second timing that , although he rear bumper be badly bent , the right front bumper of the patrol car be buckle around the right front wheel , both police car have be knock out of action and the policeman be nowhere to be see . grover laugh . George be in shock . quickly look around for any sign of pursuit '' grover roar ' forward and with screeching tire , drive off down the road toward the state line . as the car disappear into the dark - ness we hear chauncey 's voice come over the radio : chauncey' voice hello , car thirty -six . come in , car thirty -six . hey , you guy . what happen ? int , the sheriff' office - night 106 chauncey be press switch and shouting into the micro - phone , chauncey hello ! helio ! what 's go on there ? what happen ? int , the sheriff' car - night 107 grover be laugh with boyish joy as he speed down the road . grover wowee ! George , pale and shake , blink twice and check the beat of he heart . chauncey 's voice come over the police radio . chauncey' voice what happen ? grover reach down and pick up the radio mike , grover hey ! Oliver . this be grover T. muldoone . you want to know what happen , man ?... I just whipped you ass , you mother , I just whipped you ass ! int . the sheriff' office - night 108 chauncey react by spring back from the microphone and stare at it with open-mouthed surprise . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 67 se sever streak = 1/9/76 int . the sheriff' car - night 109 George look over at grover , shake he head and smile , grover be grin from ear to ear . he flip the mike back on the dash and blast off into the night . ext . the road - night 110 the batter sheriff 's car zoom down the road and pass a sign read " kansas state line . " int . corridor - night . a- 110 whiney come out of hilly 's compartment with she suitcase and take they down the corridor . he enter hilly 's new compartment . int . hilly new compartment - night l111 hilly and devereau be seat by the window with Johnson , still make up as the Professor , clean he rifle in the beg . hilly I do not know . I meet he last night . I would never see he before then . devereau that 's what you tell we this morning and that be become increasingly difficult to believe . hilly well , it 's the truth . devereau ( after a long pause ) no matter . ( stand up to go ) we will take care of Mr. caldwell when the time come . he turn at the door with deadly charm . devereau till then we will be take very good care of you . ext . used car lot office - night 112 the night watchman be sleep in the office stretch out on @ couch with a magazine across he chest . George be watch he through a large glass window . he look at he cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 67 - a 112 cont . watch and start to creep away when he drop chauncey 's gun that be stick in he belt . he groan , stick it back and continue to move stealthily to the back of the lot . suddenly he look over and see grover quietly lift the hood of a magnificent red porsche park not more than fifty foot from the office . George freak and scurries over . ext . used car lot - another angle - night 113 GEORGE ( whisper nervously ) what be you do ? grover follow the plan .. only I change my mind . be not she a beauty ? GEORGE be you crazy ? I think we be go to take the chevy in the back . grover the chevy ? that 's handjive .. ( with feel ) this porsche be a pussy ! GEORGE great . I will tell that to the judge . maybe he will give we time off for poetic expression . grover aw , do not worry . with this baby we be sure to get to Kansas City on time . GEORGE how about jail ? you see where the office be ? cont . 465 68 113 cont . grover yeah . better go back and watch the guard . goon . this will only take a second . grover go back to hot-wire . George reluctantly give in . muttering curse to himself he scurries into the shadow of the park car and begin crawl back toward the office . . ext . used car lot office - night a - 113 he . way through the artificial shrubbery George hsar grover start the engine . it stop . George wipe the sweat from he face and crawl to the rear window he look in before . cautiously he raise he head and peer inside . the couch 1s empty . we 14 . : a 120 ext . used car lot - another angle - night 221 grover start the engine and keep it go . he grin and slowly lower the hood , revealing the night watchman stand in the doorway with a rifle point directly at hin . : night watchman hold it right there , nigger . grover recover and wave a greeting . '' grover hey , man . what 's shaking ? night watchman move away from that car . the night watchman walk over toward grover who be casually act like a interested customer . : grover hey , man . that 's a nice car you get here . I be just check the engine . tell I , do it come with white wall or be that ...? night watchman shut up and start move . grover sure , man , but I would really feel a lot easier if you would just lower that rifle a little . cont. 465 69 121 cont . suddeniy from behind the office , George leap off the porch and do a fly tackle ' that knock the night watchman to the ground . George stand up , quickly kick away the rifle , pick up he gun which have fall from he belt and shout angrily at grover . . : GEORGE a pussy , huh ? get in the car ! grover be wild - eye with delight , as he run around to the driver 's seat . . grover . woweeft and I take you for a amateur . it 's embarrassin ' | he hop in the porsche and revs up the engine . George scremby in the other side . with tire squealing they charge out of the lot , turn onto the street and race off into the night . int . the porsche - night i22 grover be laugh ' excitedly while George be try to pull himself together . — grover man , that be beautiful ! ai not nobedy gonna mess with you . . / GEORGE look , I just want ... grover you be a bad old dude , you know that ? GEORGE I just want to get to Kansas City by morning . grover yes , sir ! and we be gonna make it with this little honey . you just settle back and go to sleep ' cause it 's Kansas City , Kansas City here we come ! George smile in spite of himself . he settles back to rest while grover road test the power and speed of the porsche . ext . a kansas road - night 123 the porsche zoom by . revised - " the silver streak " ~ 4/2/76 7o , ext . drive montage ~ night to morning 124 the moon fall and the rise sun begin to burn the morning mist . on the track we hear " hilly 's theme " while a series of shot show the porsche lyrically racing across the wide flat plain of Kansas . int . the porsche - day 125 grover be sleep and George be now drive . he be listen to the song from the radio and think about hilly . grover open he eye and stretch . he look over at George and see he deep concentration and furrow brow . grover you think about she ? George snap out of it and look over at grover . he attempt a smile . GEORGE yeah . it 's funny . I just meet she last night . grover that 's the way it be with love . fast ! I always feel like I swallow the fourth of July . George smile . grover continue to try to cheer he up . grover do not worry ! like you say , we will just go in , get she off the train and let the police deal with the rest of it . GEORGE yeah , but ... grover but what ? GEORGE I only hope she be still alive . ext . kansas CITY station - day 126 it be six o'clock and the station be beginning to stir with the first influx of early morning commuter . the porsche approach and drive toward the parking lot . 465 465 revised - " the silver streak " ~ 4/e/76 71l int . kansas CITY station - day 127 George and grover enter the main door and walk toward the ticket seller . George look up at the blg clock . GEORGE great ! we have get ten minute . I will get the ticket and ... grover stop he and pull he back behind some overnight locker . grover you buy 4 ticket and it 's good - bye George . GEORGE huh ? grover point to a newspaper vend machine . on the front page of the morning edition be a picture of George under the headline '' train killer at large . " George peer at the newspaper . GEORGE that 's my driver 's license picture . I look awful . grover well , why do not you shuffle over there and complain . he point to the " to train " entrance where two pplainclothes detective be check all the male passenger as they show they ticket at the gate . GEORGE be they the police ? grover they be not from the traveller Aid . GEORGE how be we go to get on the train ? grover ( look around ) good question . GEORGE I have get the gun . maybe we could start a diversion . cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 tl -a 127 cont . grover c'mon . they turn the corner and walk over to a shoeshine stand by the men' room . grover go up to the old black guy who run it , and point at he little transistor . grover hey , man how much do you want for that radio ? shoeshiner ( not bat a eye ) thirty dollar . grover we will take it . GEORGE we will ? grover c'mon , pay it . George take out he wallet , and begin count out thirty dollar . he look at grover as if to say " I hope you know what you be do . " grover do not notice . he point at the old man 's color woolen beanie . cont . 72 127 cont. 1 grover hey , man , I dig that hat . where would you get it ? I will give you five dollar for it . shoeshiner you will ? ( whip it off he head ) it 's yours . . grover ( to George ) give he five . GEORGE huh ? grover and another five for he shoe polish . GEORGE but what ... grover hurry up , man . we be not get much time . he go into the men' room . George be very confuse . he count out the rest of the money . GEORGE here . forty dollar . shoeshiner thank you . see anything else you want , just make I a offer ... George nod and exit into the men' room . the shoeshine man glance at he rag and tin quickly shout after he . shoeshiner how about a brush ? no answer . he go back to happily count he money . int . the men' room = day 128 grover have put the transistor radio and the beanie on the shelf beneath the mirror . he stand at the washbasin with the open tin of shoe polish and face a outrage George . GEORGE that be the stupidest idea I have ever heardl 465 cont. revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 73 128 cont . grover you want to get on that train , do not you ? you want to save that girl ? cctmon . take off you jacket , he help George off with he coat . GEORGE but I can not pass for black . grover I do not say I would make you black , I say I would make you color . GEORGE we be never go to get away with it . grover hold still . just think of it as instant suntan . he begin to apply the shoe polish on George 's face with a@ paper towel . GEORGE ( resignedly ) you know , this be crazy . they be not go to buy this for a second . grover do not believe it . when I be a kid I think Al jolson be a brother . here , you do it . and blot it with this . he give he another paper towel . George smear on the shoe polish while grover put he wide , horn -rimm sunglass out on the shelf and take off he jacket . grover do not worry about the eye . just get the neck . here , slip into this . he help George on with he jacket and zip it up the front . grover okay , stop for a second . put this beanie on ... now put on the shade , cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " ~ 4/2/76 73 - a 128 cont . 1 George do . he look at himself in the mirror . ' the effect be net so bad . George touch up a few spot , and examine himself again . he may not look like a black man but he ho longer look like himself . grover pick up the radio and dial into a hard rock station . he hand grover 's grover okay , just walk past they with this glue to you ear . get it . ( demonstrate ) just step 1t out -- like you be king of the shitkicker ' Ball , kinda cool and easy . try it . George the transistor and George begin to imitate jjivey walk . it be a disaster . grover no , man . move you hip . shake it . get loose down there . all you whitey have a tight ass . 465 of 128 cont. 1 grover ( cont . ) ( shake George 's hip and step back , snap he finger ) C 'mon now . stretch 1t out . glide with the stride . that 's it . and talk it up . get some jive go , man . George be ease up and get into the feel of it . he snap he finger as he bep back and forth across the tile floor . grover put on George 's coat and take out George 's wallet . grover move it and groove it . i'11 get the ticket and meet you outside . he exit . George turn down the radio and go back to the mirror to finish put the polish on he hand . he begin practice the jive talk to himself as well as the sly bop dance , GEORGE c'mon , man . get some jive go . shake it and do not break it . be cool ! you be the king , baby . you be number one . {to the mirror ) how do I look , man ? you look sharp , mister ... a little white guy enter and stand at the urinal . George pay he no mind at all . GEORGE I feel sharp , you hear ? I feel like the sun around midnight -- you dig ? out of sight ! the White guy can not help but keep look over at George as he straighten up the flashy jacket , the shade and the crazy beanie . finally George be satisfied . he take the radio and give himself the once over in the mirror . GEORGE look good . look fine . look real fine ! okay , just loosen up , sugar . move that hip . all you whitey have a tight ass . George turn and make for the door . he see the guy stand - ing at the urinal , stare after he in open amazement . George stop . GEORGE it will not come , nuh ? man kuh ? cont. 465 75 128 cont . : GEORGE that 's okay , brother . just shake it eeeand try think of Niagara falis ! he switch on the radio and bop out the exit . int . kansas CITY station - day 129 George step out from the men' room and greet the old shoeshine guy . : GEORGE hiya , brother ! the old man 's jaw drop open in shock . grover come over from the ticket counter with the ticket . he , too , be surprised by he pupil 's transformation . George slap he GEORGE hey , grover ! how 's meh man ? how 's mah main man ? shoeshiner ( shake he head ) Lord , now I see everything . GEORGE ( snap he finger ) we be go to Chicago . gonna have we @ time . grover ( smile but also shake he head ) c'mon , mister bojangle . let 's get go . GEORGE right on ! let 's bo , let 's go , let 's step out like & stepchild ! they walk off toward the " to train " entrance . int . the " to train " entrance = day 130 George have the radio up to he ear and be listen and jiving as he and grover walk up to the gate . the two detective see then come and one nudge the other . grover pause and show the ticket to the attendant but George just keep on bop and pass right by . the two detective and the attendant watch he go . they look at grover . grover look back at they . he hold up he hand . cont. 465 76 130 cont . grover De not tell I . : ( point at George ) that be one crazy nigger ! they all nod in agreement . ext . the railway platform - day 131 the Silver streak engine look proud and majestic . the wheel be be check and the window be be wash . the new engineer shift come on -- @ bald - head veteran driver carry he toolbox and he young fireman assistant . they climb into the cabin and get ready to move out . ext . the railway platform - another angle - day 132 George and grover be walk swiftly along the platform to the head of the train . George have turn off the radio and be seriously look at the compartment window as he pass . he stop at he old car and look in hilly 's room . she be not there and she compartment be empty . he look worried and , gesture for grover . to follow , he hop up the step into the train . ext . the railway platform - another angle - day 133 the conductor cry " all board . " the porter close they door and the wheel begin to move . slowly the Silver streak begin to pull out of the station on the last leg of its journey to Chicago . int . hilly compartment = pay 134 George open the side door from he room and step into hilly 's compartment . he look around . all hilly 's luggage and belonging have be move . he turn back to grover . GEORGE she 's go . he step back into he room . int . george' compartment - day 135 he take off he beanie and grover 's jacket and suddenly realize that he room be empty also . cont. 465 tt 135 cont. GEORGE wait a minute , my stuff be go , too . where be my clothes ? grover you sure this be you compartment ? he take off George 's coat and put on he own . GEORGE of course , I be sure . I guess the police take it all with sweet 's body . another angle 136 George go into the bathroom , see himself in the mirror and wince . he take a towel and begin to wipe the shoe polish off . GEORGE what we have get to do be find out if hilly be still on the train . grover since you can not leave this room how do we do that ? GEORGE go see if the phony Professor be still in the next car back . room D. ask he what happen to he secretary . grover okay , give I the gun . George give it to he and grover point it at George . grover and you would better give I you wallet . GEORGE huh ? grover grin , spin the gun in he hand and stick it in he belt . he be very professional . cont . h65 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 78 136 cont . grover I be not go around ask question without first find I a porter 's uniform . dig ? George pick up he jacket and give grover he wallet . GEORGE this disguise be get expensive , . grover with a smile ) I know it , man . crime cost . he flip George a funny salute and exit . George go back to the bathroom , turn on the water and wash he face and hand with soap . as he be drying himself off , he eye catch something in the mirror . it be hilly 's cassette tape recorder leave up on the upper rack in she room . he go to look at it , ' int . hilly compartment - day 137 stand on she couch , George take down the tape recorder , he fondle it lovingly and press the button . " hilly theme " begin to play . he listen to it for a moment end smile . he start to go back into he room when hilly 's door open and she enter . she walk to the window then gasp as she see George stand in the doorway . hilly George ! George run to she side . GEORGE be you all right ? she 1s about to warn he when a hand with a blackjack ( whiney 's ) come down heavily on the back of George 's heed . he stagger , drop the cassette player and fall to the floor . as he siip into unconsciousness the screen begins to revolve like a whirlpool , bring forth a kaleidoscope of image -- hilly 's face , the Professor 's body , sweet 's murder , gold teeth 's death , and the Silver streak itself hurtle down the track . " hilly theme '' from the cassette player be gradually replace by the rattling wheel and scream whistle of the train . all this reach a climax , then the screen spin madly , and : fade to black 465 revised ~ " the silver streak " ~ 4/9/76 79 fade in int . george' compartment ~ day 138 grover enter hurriedly wear a red porter 's jacket he have manage to rent by bribe a friendly porter . grover hey , man . good news ... he look around at George 's empty compartment and stick he head in the doorway of hilly 's to see if George be there . he listen at the bathroom door and knock . grover hey , man . you girl 's just move down the hall . shet ... he stop and open the bathroom door . George be not there but the water be still run . grover turn it off and look around . . grover where 's my man ? ext . the countryside - day 139 a series of shot as the Silver streak cross the Mississippi and speed through the rural countryside of Illinois . int . hilly new compartment ~ day 140 George be lie on the couch with a wet towel on he head . hilly sit beside he and change the towel for he . he stir and open he eye . recognize hilly , he begin to get up . he groan and hold he head . GEORGE be you all rignt ? hilly that 's what I be go to ask you . George smile ruefully . holly I be sorry about you head . I never would have go back for my tape recorder if I would , . , GEORGE my God !... ( sit up alert ) the rembrandt letter ! cont . revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 80 140 cont. hilly devereau 's get they . they find they in you jacket . where do you find they ? GEORGE '' in the cover of the book the Professor give you for safekeep . ( rub he forehead ) I guess I blow it . hilly poor George . I try not to get | you involved . they come to I | yesterday and tell I they have kill the Professor and unless I cooperate they would kill I too . GEORGE they have already try to get I -- twice . hilly I be sorry . I think if I go along with they at least you would oo get away . I be really happy when you do ... ( tear come to she eye ) --- although I think I would never see you again . ( choke up ) oh , George . hold I . she fall into he arm and he hold she tight . she sob on he shoulder for a few moment then he gently take she read in he hand and kiss she . hilly I have be so frighten . GEORGE : so have I . I be scared you would not be here . ( brushes away she tear ) I miss you , hilly . hilly you do ? I miss you , too . she kiss he again and snuggle into he shoulder . of ~ hilly George ? c . 465 ont 465 revised - " the silver streak " ~ 4/2/76 80 -a- I the door 140 cont.1 GEORGE what ? hilly you have get shoe polish behind you ear . GEORGE I will tell you about it later . where be we ? : open and Mr. whiney enter in good spirit . whiney that 's part of the Illinois River canal . beautiful , be not it ? GEORGE what do you want ? whiney . how you feel ? hope I do not slug you too hard . cont. 465 81 140 cont.1 GEORGE where 's devereau ? whiney be not that perfect . you want to see he and he want to see you . ( draw he gun and open the door ) lady first . hilly exit with George and whiney close behind . int . devereau's compartment ~ day 141 devereau 's suite , the large and plushest we have see , be locate on the other side of the train but the scenery cut - side of lake hilly 's room . the rembrandt clear away and hilly and and marshy delta be the same as that see from devereau be seat at the window , look over letter . a black steward in a white jacket be the breakfast service . whiney open the coor George enter . devereau come in , come in . ( to the steward ) take this away and bring back some fresh coffee and some more toast for my guest . steward yes , sir . devereau please sit down . the steward exit . George and hilly sit on the couch , face devereau . whiney stand by the close door . devereau well , Mr. caldwell , I have just be look over the correspondence you bring I . fascinating ! the Professor be correct . it 's a remarkable find . I suppose I should have they destroy but I have always have a soft spot for beautiful thing -- particularly if they be genuine . whiney , put this in my safe . I do not expect they will be a threat to I anymore . whiney take the letter and exit . devereau remove he read glass and put they away . he be careful to nonchalantly display the gun inside he coat . GEORGE do not be too sure of yourself , devereau . you be not go to get away with this . devereau I think I will , Mr. caldwell . admittedly this be a difficult affair and I make some error <= bring reace along , for example . what happen to he , by the way ? GEORGE I shot hin . cont. 465 82 141 cont . devereau good . I be sure he deserve it . GEORGE you have he kill the professor , do not you ? devereau ' on the contrary , I have he kill the professor 's secretary --. miss burn ' predecessor -- when at the last minute she try to double - cross we , but I know I could not kill the professor himself until I have the rembrandt letter . that 's why I set up the scenario of kidnap he and substitute a imposter to discredit he . of course , I would have have he kill later , but he escape the other night upset the entire scheme ...° . a knock at the door . devereau yes . the man who earlier impersonate the professor enter . his name be johnson and he be no longer wear the professor 's white moustache and goatee , nor be he try to imitate the professor 's manner . he ignore George and hilly and address devereau . johnson Excuse I , sir . it 's all be confirm . the car will be wait at joliet . devereau thank you , Johnson . ( to George ) you remember Johnson , Mr. caldwell . he play the professor and be go to do so in Chicago with the ' assistance of miss burn but I be afraid there be no longer any need for that charade . ( to Johnson ) how long before we get to joliet ? johnson about a hour and a half , sir . devereau very good , Johnson . that will be all . cont. 465 83 141 cont.1 Johnson exit . devereau smile affably at George and hilly . there be devereau yes , this have be a rather messy pusiness ... but now that I have the letter all that remain be the clean up of a few loose end -- meaning the two of you . and -so I have prepare a new scenario in which you , Mr. caldwell , will be blame for the murder of the professor . GEORGE why would I want to kill the professor ? . devereau to steal . the rembrandt , letter . even on the black 's market they be worth a considerable sum . at any rate , evidence will 'be find on the professor 's body implicate you . I have already have that . arrange , furthermore , since the police want you for the murder of that unfortunate vitamin salesman —- this new evidence . will give you a motive for he death as weil . GEORGE oh , yeah ? what 's that ? devereaug he find out and try to blackmail you , so you shot he . which bring we to the present . ' in approximately forty - five minute , the professor 's trusty secretary -- gesture to hilly ) -- who be also implicate in she boss ! death , quarrel with she lover- partner ... ( gesture at George ) .». and shoot he . he die but not before shoot she . @ knock at the door . devereau come in . the black steward in the white jacket enter with the tray of cup , plate , toast and fresh coffee . devereau oh , thank you . put it down right there . well , that 's enough talk of plot and scenario , join I in a cup of coffee . cont . 84 141 cont . 2 the steward lay out the cup on the table in front of George and hilly . George look over at he and notice for the first time that it be grover . grover look up . grover coffee , sir ? GEORGE ( surprised ) thanks . hilly ( to devereau ) but the professor 's book will still be publish . devereau without the letter , my dear , the pook , I assure you , will be view as the crazy jotting of a revisionist crank . a ex-crank actually . you must try the marmalade . for all its inconvenience the Silver streak do provide a excellent cuisine . grover thank you , sir . I will tell the cat in the kitchen . we all aim to please . ( to hilly ) coffee , honey ? hilly ( react ) . no , thank you . grover go ahead , sugar . he be not bullshit , you know . devereau steward ... grover ignore devereau and look over at George . grover she you girl ? ( wink obscenely ) boogidy -boogidy ! she 's all right , eh? patootie-patootie ! devereau steward ! grover yes , sir , 465 , cont. 465 85 141 cont.3 devereau that will be all . / grover let I pour you some coffee . devereau . I say that will be all . grover just a short cup . grover begin pour the coffee '' into devereau 's cup but miss and some splashes into devereaut lap . grover whoops ! look what I do . ' devereau grab he napkin and begin wiping himself off . he be livid . , : devereau God damn it ! get out of here ! grover I be awful sorry , sir . let I help you . let I wipe that up . grover také another napkin and begin brush down devereau 's suit . devereau stand up in a rage . devereau you bdlunder fool ! you stupid , ignorant nigger ! grover stop . he throw down he napkin and shove devereau back in his seat . , grover hey , that be not funny , sucker ! what you cail I ? a ignorant nigger ? ( whip out he gun ) you want to play with I , man ? why you want to mess with I ? be you bad or something ? i'1l whip you ass , you mother , I will whip you ass | devereau stare with wide - eye surprise as grover madly wave the pistol in front of he face . George step over . GEORGE okay , grover ... cont. 465 86 141 cont .4 grover ignorant nigger ! bullshit ! I get a high school diplomal GEORGE hey , give I the gun . grover turn to George and shed he mock anger while hand over the gun . . grover this be the bad ass ? unreal . George laugh and clap grover on the back . hilly do not understand what be go on . hilly who be you ? grover I be a criminal . GEORGE it 's okay , hilly . he 's a friend of mine . hilly oh ? hello . grover smile at hilly while George turn to devereau , take devereau 's gun from inside he coat and throw it across the room . GEORGE well , now , devereau . grover go and sit on the arm of devereau 's chair . grover what 's the matter , old dude ? you be not say shit . devereau pull himself together and smile at grover 's joke . as he speak we see he hand move toward the button on the windowsill . he be so riveting and so charming that no one notice he press the button . devereau ( to grover ) I will say this . I do not know who you be but I be a internationally respected public figure with a great deal of money and influence . you would be wise to think twice about align yourself with a killer who be want by the police in every state . cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 87 141 cont.5 GEORGE oh , yeah , I forget to tell you . that vitamin salesman that reace shot . he be no vitamin salesman . he be a federal agent . they have be trail you for the last two year , ever since -- what do he. say ? -- the plane crash in cologne link you with the Metropolitan Gallery scandal ..- this information hit devereau like a bullet . he make no attempt to conceal it . George gesture for he to stand up . he do so calmly but he eye -- cold like a snake 's -- reveal he inner dismay . George open the door . GEORGE so let 's go get they the proof they have want . let 's go get the rembrandt letter . he wave he gun and devereau walk out the door . George stay close with the gun poke in devereau 's back . hilly and grover follow they out into the corridor . int . the train corridor - day 142 George push devereau before he down the corridor . hilly walk behind he while grover , look back over he shoulder , make sure that no one be follow they . int . the baggage car entrance - day 143 devereau and George arrive at the baggage car entrance where the break door and smashed lock -- the result of gold teeth 's assault -- be still unrepaire . George fling open the door , push devereau inside and shout to whiney who be kneel in front of devereau 's open safe , int . baggage car - day 144 GEORGE okey , whiney ! just step away from that . whiney stand up surprised and puzzle . move ! GEORGE love ! devereau do what he say . whiney step back . cont. 465 88 144 cont . GEORGE hilly , go get the letter , hilly go over to the safe and begin to look for the letter . grover join George alongside devereau in the middle of the baggage car . devereau Mr. caldwell , I take you to be a reasonable man and like all man you must place a reasonable value on you life . GEORGE be you try to bribe I ? devereau I be merely point out that life be short and the smart man hedge he bet . GEORGE if there 's one thing I have learn from this trip , devereau , there 's no way to protect you bet , it 's play the game and take what you get . hilly I find themt she stand up with the rembrandt letter . George smile and for a second lower he gun . a shot ring out and a bullet zip by he ear . devereau yell out to whiney and dive for cover behind some crate , evereau grab the girl ] whiney spring at hilly , knock she over and snatch the letter from she hand . meanwhile , George have turn and fire at Johnson , stand in the doorway . he duck down and fire back . George and grover hurl themselves over the barrier of trunk and box that George have build up earlier and flatten themselves on the floor , whiney , hold hilly as hostage , take out he gun and begin to fire , George fire back -- first at Johnson on the right then at whiney on the leave . he fire again and again . grover panic watch he fire like he have unlimited ammunition . he grab he shoulder and shout madly . grover hold it , hold it ! how many bullet you get ? you think this be a Saturday matinee ? we get to get out of here . cont . 465 89 144 cont. he creep over and pull back the side door directly behind they . he look out toward the front of the train and shout : grover get ready ! we be gonna cross a bridge . GEORGE what be you do ? grover I be gonna save my ass ] GEORGE well , I be not jump ! I have leave this train twice already ... he fire but he gun be empty . grover sit ready to lead . he shout at George . grover here it come . a bullet zap into the door by George 's head . GEORGE son-of-a-bitch ! he and grover throw themselves out the side door of the train and fall into the muddy river below . ext . the river - day 145 the Silver streak rattles over the bridge as George and grover surface . they tread water and watch it go . George be mutter and swear to himself as he and grover swim to the nearest bank . ext . the riverbank - day 146 the two fugitive pull themselves up on dry land and fall down exhaust . George take a few deep breath and begin to shake off the water . he glance at the empty gun still - in he hand . grover look at George for a long moment and finally speak . grover what do we do now ? suddenly a calm voice come down from the ridge . voice hold it right there , cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 90 146 cont. George and grover look up beyond the tree and see a highway patrol car park by the side of the road . one of the officer be stand by he radio mike . the other -- the one who speak -- stand look down at the two , muddy , wet and dishevel man with a double - barrel shotgun in he hand . ext . streator station - day 147 the Silver streak be about ready to pull out of the picturesque red-brick station . Johnson , in a public phone booth , finish up he conversation and hop back on the train . int . devereau's compartment - day 148 devereau be seat by the window calmly burn the rembrandt letter page by page into the silver breakfast tray . ' the train be pick up speed but he do not take he eye off he methodical task . hilly watch he seat on the couch opposite . Mr. whiney stand at the door . devereau say nothing . a knock at the door . whiney open it and Johnson step inside . johnson I talk to chaney . he will have the helicopter ready at rockdale . it 's about five minute from the station . devereau nod but do not bother to look up from the burn letter . whiney look at he watch . ° whiney we will be there in forty - six minute . devereau nod again . he poke at the ash with a fork to make sure that there be no scrap leave unburn . devereau be there any way of stop this train between here and there ? whiney apart from the engine there 's a emergency brake in each car . devereau disconnect they . whiney okay . all of they ? devereau look up from the ash for the first time . whiney get the message . devereau and take she with you . Johnson take hilly by the arm and push she out the decor . devereau watch he close the door then turn slowly to look out the window . he sit and think . he be all alone in that large compartment and we see he be beginning to sweat . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 92 ext . illinois countryside - day , 149 the highway patrol car speed down a dusty road , with siren wail and red light flash . int . the patrol car - day 150 George and grover be seat in the backseat with towel over they head and blanket wrap around they wet clothes . the two determine - look cop in the front be solely intent on get they passenger to they destina - tion as quickly as possible . George lean forward . GEORGE could not you at least tell we where wetre go ? driver policeman shut up . George sigh . the car turn suddenly off to the leave and he be throw back on the seat alongside grover . ext . a abandoned railway station ~ day 151 the police car careen up to the building and skid to a dusty halt . the police get out and open the back door . they usher George and grover up the wooden step and inside . int . the abandoned station - day 152 the station have be recently commandeer by the FBI and temporarily convert into a small operation room with telephone , a police radio receiver and a.large map of the area on the wall . several man with gun strapped in holster under they arm be busily make call and take note . the two policeman bring in George and grover , and hand over George 's empty gun to a tough , cigar-chew plainclothesman know as the chief . the Chief look at the gun , ignore George 's angry sputtering . GEORGE I demand to know what be happen . where be we ? chief you George caldwell ? GEORGE yes . chief I want some information from you and I want it fast . GEORGE I do not kill sweet . . cont. revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 ge 152 cont. chief we know that and if you be not so dumb you would have realize we plant that news story for you own protection . I have have man post in every station since dodge City try to pick you up while you be gallivant around the countryside waste valuable time . GEORGE I do not know they be ? cderal agent . chief let 's see what you do know , here. ( hand over the gun to a surprised George ) how many man have devereau get on the train ? GEORGE two , chief what 's he plan after they get to Chicago ? GEORGE they're not go into Chicago . they be get off at the stop before . at rockdale . ( grimace I be efraid of that . okay , matthews , get onto it . we be go to stop the train before rockcele ... he go to the map and point out the pian for some of the man . chief closest be the Harris mill Junction . contact the railroad . tell they make out like it 's a routine emergency inspection . have bronsky bring he man up in chopper from the south and get the passenger off the train . I do not want any shoot . we will be there as soon as we can . the man go about carry out he order . he turn to George and grover who have both shed they towel and blanket . chief caldwell , you come with we . ( to grover ) steward , what do you want to do ? cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 93 152 cont. 1 grover ( very amo and Andy ) well , boss , I think I will just go on home . this all be a nerve shatterin ' experience for I . chief ( to the two policeman take he anywhere he want , boy . c'mon , caldwell . he throw George a box of shell , take some for himself and exit out the wire screen door follow by the policeman . George linger to say good - bye to grover , who as soon as the Chief be go steal a cigar off he desk . they look in each other 's eye both realize they have grow very fond of each other in they short adventurous relationship and that they will more than likely never see each other again . George look at the gun in he hand and shrug . GEORGE what 's he want I to do with this ? grover oh , he know a criminal when he see one . George laugh . he shake grover 's hand . GEORGE well , thanks . thanks for everything . grover my pleasure . George do not know what more to say . he grin , walk to the door and turn , GEORGE if there 's anything I can do ... through the wire screen door we see the Chief wait by he car . he shout : : chief caldwell , goddamn it ! grover you better shake it , partner . George nod , open the door and leap down the wooden step , ext . the abandoned station - day 153 he run to the car and hop inside . grover come out of the station and wave . grover so long , killer ! keep it loose . George smile and wave back as the car speed off down the road . the other car with wail siren follow in a long cloud of dust leave only the two policeman stand by they patrol car . grover take off the wrapper of the Chief 's cigar and walk over to they . one policeman open the back door for he . cont . 465 94 153 cont .. policeman where do you want to go to , feller ? grover well , officer ... strike a match on he side of the car ) I leave my porsche in Kansas City . he light the cigar , flip away the match , take a final look at the car way off down the dusty road , and hop inside . ext . the highway - day a- 153 the entourage of police car turn off the dusty road and race down the main highway . int . the chief' car - day b-153 George be sit next to the Chief . he turn to he but the Chief be far too lock up in he own private thought to notice . George look out the window . we 154 ext . the track - day 155 the Silver streak speed through the countryside . int . the locomotive - day 156 the bald - head engineer be drive the train and speak over the radic intercom to the conductor in the rear , he have just receive the message from the railroad to stop the train at the junction . engineer I do not know , Frank . but that 's what they say . the Harris mill Junction . int , the train corridor ~ day 157 the conductor be talk into he walkie-talkie . conductor okay . I will tell my crew . the harris mill junction - day a- 157 the two police helicopter land by the old siding . bronsky and he man get out and speak to the railroad official and the local police who be already there . int . the blue -haitred lady compartment - day 158 the blue-haire Lady and the mexican mama - San be play card by the window . they look up as ralston enter . cont. 465 95 158 cont . ralston Excuse I , lady . we just get instruction for everyone to evacuate the train up here . blue -haired lady but why ? int . a tourist high level coach = day 159 a porter be tell . a group of coach passenger include several hippie that they will have to get off . porter I do not know , sir . some kind of security search . int . the coach lounge - day 160 a few hardy conventioneer be listen to a porter teli they they will have to get off the train . first conventioneer that 's the damndest thing I have ever hear ! second conventioneer nlook out the window ) we be go to stop all right . third conventioneer there 's the police . ext . the harris mill junction - day 161 several police car be park by the old siding and some plainclothesmen be wait to board the train . the Silver streak slow down and come to a halt . the porter open the door and the passenger reluctantly begin to get off . int . the coach lounge - day 162 the conventioneer , grab a few beer to take with they , be leave the car . the porter be help a very hungcever plain Jane to maneuver down the aisle . porter come on , lady . it will not be for long . cont . revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 96 162 cont. plain Jane stop suddenly and stagger back for " Mary -lou . " put the cardboard cut - out under she arm , she explain to the porter : plain jane we girl get to stick together . int . devereau's compartment - day 163 since devereau 's window be on the other side of the train he do not see the police or the helicopter . he be sit as we leave he , deep in he own thought , and not seem to have notice that the train have stop . whiney burst in . he be very nervous . whiney the police be outside ! devereau what ? whiney the porter be ask everyone to get off the train . devereau leap up and go out to the corridor . int . the train corridor ~ day 164 he look out the window and see the passenger stream off the train and be guide to stand off to the side by the police . one of the fat Men pass he carry a large brown paper bag full of grocery . the conductor walk by . devereau ( pleasantly ) what 's go on ? conductor I be not sure , Mr. devereau . we get a call from the police want everyone evacuate . maybe it 's @ bomb scare or something . devereau well then , we would better get off . conductor I certainly be . the conductor continue on toward the rear . devereau drop bis cool manner and walk quickly toward the front . whiney ollow . 465 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 ot ext . the harris mill junction - day 165 the police entourage drive across the track at the rear of the train and park by the abandon mill . ' the Chief be the first out and walk over to bronsky . George follow . int . hilly new compartment - day 166 hilly and Johnson be look out the window when devereau and whiney burst in . Johnson have several rifle laid out on the couch . devereau pick up , one along with several box of ammunition . whiney do the same . devereau load he rifle with ease , ignore hilly while talk to Johnson . devereau stay here with she and cover we from the window . we be go to start up the engine and take it into rockdzle . , he finish load the rifle when the door open and ralston step in . he be surprised to see they have not leave the train . ralston hey , you be the last . everyone 's already ... ( see the rifle what be you do with that rifle ? devereau answer by viciously hit he across the head with he rifle butt . ralston fall to the floor , unconscious , hilly spring up and go to he aid , shouting at devereau . hilly you bastard ! devereau . open the door and exit . whiney follow . we 167 ext . the junction - day 2168 the Chief be question bronsky on the evacuation of the passenger . bronsky everyone 's off , Chief , except we boy . the Chief look up and down the train . -ext . the train - day 169 devereau step down off the train follow by whiney . they begin run toward the engine . the Chief see they , pull he gun and call out : cont. 465 98 169 cont . chief '' hold it right there , devereau ! devereau stop and see the Chief . he recognize he , aim he rifle and fire . whiney fire , too . the Chief be not hit but he and the other immediately take cover and return the fire . George fall to the ground and crawl quickly to safety behind some railway tie . meanwhile passenger be scream and run for cover . the fat Men drop they grocery and hot waddle it to the protection of the mill . the blue- haire Lady shriek , she poodle bark and plain Jane fall flat on " Mary -lou . " ext . the train - another angle - day ' a - 169 devereau and whiney break away and run for the engine where they take cover behind a signal box and return the policeman 's fire . the police be about to follow when Johnson smashes the train window with he rifle and start fire at they from hilly 's compartment . caught in the eross fire one of the policeman be hit . the other scramble ' for new protection . ext . the train - another angle - day b-169 George look up at the train and catch a glimpse of hilly - huddle behind Johnson . quickly he take out he gun and begin fumble to load it with bullet . the noise of the battle crackle around he when suddenly a black pair of hand enter the frame and take the gun away from he . George turn and be surprised to see grover crouching behind he . grover hi , killer . what 's happenin ' ? grover grin and with easy professionalism load the gun . GEORGE wha ... what be you do here ? a bullet ricochet off the wooden tier and the two man hit the dirt . grover get up and peer over the top . grover what the hell 's go on ? who 's in charge here ? GEORGE ( grab . he ) get down ! grover get down and finish load the gun . GEORGE what do you come back for ? cont. 465 99 b-169 cont . grover huh ? oh , yeah ... you forget you wallet . - he hand over the wallet which George accept with a wry nod . GEORGE thanks . some thief you be . grover ( look up ) hey , be not that hilly ? George nod . grover motion for he to follow . grover c'mon . with grover in the lead the two drop back and begin to circle around toward the rear of the train . ext , the engine - day 170 meanwhile toward the front of the train the police be be pin down by Johnson fire from the window and whiney fire from behind a signal box . devereau scamper to the locomotive and shout up at the two driver . devereau start up the engine ! fireman we can not do that . devereau shoot and the fireman fall from the cabin onto the track . devereau climb up into the cabin . int , the locomotive - day 171 he point he rifle at the engineer . devereau okay , you . let 's get go . the engineer start up the engine and the train begin to move , ext . ' the engine - day 172 whiney be crouch behind the signal box , fire at the police . he see the train beginning to leave and he dash for the locomotive . a policeman stand up and fire , hit whiney in the leg . whiney grab for the ladder and be drag along by the side of the train . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2/76 100 se tre selver streak " - 4/2/76 ext . the rear of the train - pay 173 George and grover have circle around and come run up the bank toward the depart train . they race to the rear joor and hop on board . . ext , the locomotive - day 174 the train be beginning to go faster and whlney can not hold on to the ladder much longer . he cry out for help : whiney Mr. devereaul Mr. devereaul devereau look over the side at hig wound comrade . he calculate hig worth , then step on he hand , whiney let go with a shudder scream and he body rolis orf to the side of the track , ext . the junction - pay 175 the Chief stand up and see the train get away . he . call out to two of he riflemen to follow he and rung back toward the helicopter , he shout out to bronsky to get into one of the chopper while he and he riflemen get into the er , int . the locomotive - pay a - 175 int , the coach lounge - day 177 George follow grover as they run through the empty lounge where the conventioneer hold they two - day party , ext , the junction - day a- 177 the two police helicopter take off and follow the train . ext . the track - day . b- 177 the Silver streak be racing along the rail at full speed . que 178 int . hilly new compartment - day 179 hilly have put a bandage around ralston 's head , but he be still very groggy . Johnson take he rifle and the rest of the ammunition and pull hilly up off the floor . cont. 265 icl 179 cont . hilly where be we go ? . johnson we be get off at the next stop . he push she out the door and they walk back down the corridor toward the diner . int . first -class sleeper - day 180 George and grover run down the corridor past the Professor 's old room toward the diner . int . the locomotive - day a - 180 devereau leok back and see the police helicopter fly alongside the train . he duck for cover and take aim . int . the first -class diner - day 181 Johnson enter with hilly and look out the window . he see the helicopter and roughly throw hilly down at one of the table . take he rifle butt , he smashes the train window . ext , the track - day a- 181 the helicopter be fly alongside the engine . int . the locomotive - day b- 181 devereau pop up and fire several round at they . the helicopter fly away . int . the chief' helicopter - day c- 182 the Chief give direction to one of he sharpshooter . chief take another pass . watch out for the engineer but get I devereaul ext , the track - day D - 181 the two helicopter fly by the locomotive . they open fire . devereau duck then fire back , we 182 int , the locomotive - day 183 the engineer watch devereau concentrate on beat off the chopper attack and so very slowly he take he foot off the pedal . devereau turn round and see the engineer 's foot move . he snaris . cont. 465 lo2 183 cont . devereau keep you foot on that pedal ! the engineer quickly put he foot back and wipe he brow with he handkerchier , '' int . the first -class diner - day 184 Johnson have finish clear the glass from the window . he kneel down and take aim.on the second helicopter . just then grover run through the door . before he see Johnson , Johnson see he and , swinging around quickly , fire . grover crash into some table and tumble to the floor while he gun slide out into the aisle . hilly scream . George enter and dive for the gun .. Johnson see he and stand to fire . hilly pick up a chair and smashes Johnson in the chest with it . he turn to knock she with he rifle when George pick up the gun and fire . Johnson stagger back with a bullet hole in he , chest . he fall , grab at a tablecloth and roll under the table , dead . George run to hilly and she hold he tightly . after a moment he look at she . GEORGE you all right ? - hilly I be fine . how about grover ? they walk back to the pile of break dish , silverware and debris where grover fall . George lift up the tablecloth and a stunne grover stagger to he foot while tenderly feel he lip . grover ' Holy shit ! I chip my tooth ! ext , the track - day a - 184 the Silver streak as it approach joliet be leave behind the tree-studded countryside and be speed past small factory 's and town dump . above the locomotive the riflemen in the helicopter trade gunfire with devereau who suddenly make a good shot and wound bronsky in the second chopper , int . bronsky's helicopter - day b-184 bronsky slam against the Pilot force the helicopter into @ sudden spin , ext , the track - day c- 184 we see the helicopter tallspin . various cut as it get closer to a certain crash with the train . 465 . revised ~ " the silver streak " - n/e / 76 103 int . the first -class diner ~ day D - 184 George , hilly and grover look out the window and see the helicopter fly straight at they . they all quickly take cover and drop to the floor . ext . the track - day 185 the helicopter pull out of the spin and fly over the train . int , the locomotive - day — a- 185 the engineer see devereau follow the helicopter and surreptitiously take he foot off the pedal . devereau do not notice . int . the chief' helicopter - day 186 the Chief look over and see the other chopper . chief bronsky 's be hit . maybe ... rifleman just give I one more pass . the Chief nod okay and the Pilot swing around again . int . the first -class diner - day 187 at the SOUND of gunfire George race to the break window and look out toward the engine . hilly and grover crowd behind he . George see devereau lean out of the engine ready to fire at the helicopter . he turn back inside . GEORGE gimme that rifle . I have get a idea . he pick up Johnson 's rifle and lean out the window . we 188 - ~— 190 int . the locomotive - Day 191 the Chief 's helicopter ready for the attack . devereau be fire madiy . suddenly a buzzer sound and the train begin to lurch . devereau look around at the engineer and see _ that the engineer 's foot be off the pedal . the train be about to stop . the engineer panic and back aw . - devereau fire , kill he dead . his body fall from the train . cont. 465 revised ~- " the silver streak " ~ 4/2/76 103 -a — — — ee en ef 191 cont . devereau dive for the pedal , press it down with he fist . the warning buzzer go off . the danger be over . devereau crawl to a heavy toolbox , drag it back and place it on the pedal so that it will always be press down . int . the helicopter - day 192 the Pilot fly toward the engine . the rifleman aim he rifle . : rifleman just give I one clear shot . int . the locomotive - day 193 devereau , finish with he work , grab he rifle and lean out of the cab to shoot . from the first - class diner window George fire . the bullet miss but devereau turn around expose himself to the helicopter fly overhead . a bullet hit he in the shoulder . he spin around by the cabin door and begin mad and reckless fire at the helicopter . another bullet hit he in the knee . he trip and tumble out of the engine , drop he rifle and desperately hang on to the ladder with one hand . his other hand swing for the step and he grab they . he look ahead and we zoom in on he terrify face as he see what be approach . . 465 104 ext . the track - day 194 a freight train , travel on the track alongside the Silver streak be careen toward he . ext . the locomotive - day 195 devereau 's face fill with fear . he frantically try to crawl back into the cabin but the speed freight trair . rush past , knock he off the ladder and hurl hir up into the air . his body bounce between the two train , then fall beneath the Silver streak 's rattling wheel . a train whistle scream . int . the helicopter ~ day 196 the Chief and the rifleman wince at devereau 's death . int . first -class diner - day 197 George too have see devereau 's death . he pull he head inside the window and the freight train rattles by . hilly lean forward to see what happen but George stop she . GEORGE do not look ... they get devereau . the freight train pass and George turn back to the window . he stick he head out and wave at the Chief 's chopper . int . the helicopter - day 198 the chopper be fly alongside the Silver streak . ' the rifleman gesture to the Chief . rifleman hey , Chief ! there be still people on that train . chief it 's caldwell . in a flash the Chief recognize the danger . he turn to the Pilot , chief get back to the junction . call ahead and tell they they have get @ runaway train . int . the first -class diner - day a - 198 grover have he head at another window , cont . revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 105 a-198 cont . grover there go the chopper . and here come the station . hilly thank God it 's over ! George look out the window as they approach joliet . his face show a mount concern . : ext , the track - day . 199 the Silver streak speed past the flash telephone pole and right through the station of rockdale . int . the first -class diner - day 200 George and hilly be seat together by the window watch the station whiz by . she turn to he very troubled . hilly why do not we stop ? George stand up . he be pale and beginning to sweat . hilly George , what 's the matter ? GEORGE I be not sure yet , but it look like there be no one up front in the engine . grover no driver ? GEORGE that 's right . hilly my God ! what be we go to do ? George look over at the emergency brake in the corner of the dining car . he race over and pull it . ' the cord come out in he hand . GEORGE what the ...! hilly ( a gasp of horror ) devereau order whiney to disconnect they , he cut every one of they throughout the whole train . 465 cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/9/76 106 200 cont. GEORGE terrific !... then I have get to get to the engine . hilly how ? George look up . grover the roof ? George mutter a agree oath . ext , the track - day 201 the Silver streak speed out of the city limit and into the countryside , zipping past lush meadow , lake and marsh . int . the chicago control tower - day 202 jerry jarvis , @ young man with a supercilious manner , be speak on the phone to the radio operator at the junction . he 1s the assistant controller and be explain the absolute impossibility of the Silver streak be a runaway . jarvis nonsense ! the engineer be probably anxious to bring the train in on schedule . operator the engineer be dead . jarvis look , if the engineer take he foot off the pedal for twenty second the entire train go into emergency stop . ext . the junction - day 203 the Chief 's helicopter land and the Chief run over to the police van where the Operator be talk on the radio phone . how 's it go ? operator they do not believe we . the Chief grab the phone . chief this be Chief po : . who 's this ? " on#tdson we 204 465 107 int . control tower - day 205 intercut the conversation . jarvis this be Jerry jarvis . I be the assistant controller . chief Assistant ? get I you boss . jarvis he 's out to lunch but I be sure I can handle any problem you might have . chief it 's not my problem . you have get a dead engineer and a runaway train that 's go to hit Chicago in twenty - five minute . now what be you go to do about it ? jarvis all right , I will check with the signal tower . but , you see it 's impossible . if the engineer be dead , who 's drive the train ? int , the locomotive ~ day 206 the toolbox be still press down on the pedal . from the cabin we see the countryside be give way to industry . ext . by the track - day 207 the sliver streak speed by and a man in a signal tower be surprised to see no one at the control . int . george' corridor - day 208 George , hilly and grover be move down the corridor when the door open and ralston step out . he have the bandage around he head and be feel a little woozy . ralston what 's happen ? hilly be you all right ? ralston look up , see George and stagger back . ralston Holy moly ! it 's the killer ! cont. 465 108 208 cont. hilly no , no , he 's all right . listen , be there any way to get to the engine without go over the roof ? ralston there 's no way to get to the engine period . why do you want to ... ( look out the window ) what 's the matter ? why be we go 80 fast ? GEORGE there 's no one drive the train . ralston that 's impossible . it would stop . GEORGE do this look like we be stop ? ralston get the message . he go over to the emergency cord in the corner and pulis . it come out in he hand . ralston that damn hippie ! ext , the track - day 209 the Silver streak zoom past a large gravel quarry and a network of power line . int . control tower - day 210 a now very nervous jarvis be back on the phone talk to the Chief . jarvis I receive a report fram the signal tower . they see no engineer in — the cabin . ext . the junction - day 211 intercut the conversation . chief great ! now you have get the fact why do not you just throw one of that switch and have the train run off on a siding , jarvis that 's the problem . all the track be computer program . switch the Silver streak would only cause a collision with another train . cont ont . 109 211 cont. chief then what the hell be you go to do ? there be people riding on that train ! jarvis oh , not ( sweat profusely ) you see , the standard procedure in such a emergency would be to derail the train , chief derail it ! in the middle of the yard ? jarvis actually , I can not take that responsibility myself . I would better get my boss . chief you better do something , you idiot . because in ten minute you be go to have two hundred ton of locamotive smash through Central Station on its way to Marshall field ! the Chief angrily hang up the phone . he turn to the radio Operator . chief they can not stop it . ext . the track - day 212 the Silver streak be speed along the rail , change at the switch and scoot past a automobile graveyard full of a long line of smashed and break car . int . george' corridor - day 213 hilly look out the window and turn to George . hilly what do we do ? GEORGE the only thing we can -- insulate ourselves against one mighty crash . ralston come on. ( insistently ) come on ! everybody follow I . somewhat bewilder they follow he down the corridor . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 479/76 llo ext . the track ~ day 214 the Silver streak have reach the outskirt of Chicago , and already it be racing alongside the car on the freeway that lead into the city . int . central station - day 215 in the vast space of the grand concourse we see jarvis run down the marble step and cross the open floor . he race under the arch that say " to all train , " pass the steel locker , the wooden bench and the new dodge dart drape with red , white and blue bunt that be on display . he see a railroad official and rush up to hin . jarvis hey , Jack , where 's benny ? jack he be in the coffee shop ... jarvis race away much to Jack 's bewilderment . we 216 ext , the track - day 217 with wheel spin and its red light flash , the Silver streak enter the vastness of the Chicago railway yard . we 218 int . the connecting platform - day 219 ralston step out on the platform and point out to the other the steel floor that connect the two car , ralston lift it up . George and grover lift up the floor and we can see the connect bolt and hose that keep the car together . we can also see the railway bed zipping by underneath . ralston point out he plan . ralston what we be gonna do be uncouple the car ' cause when they pull apart they will bust open the air pressure line and the brake will clamp on throughout the train , hilly that 's brilliant ! cont . 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 47/9/76 111 219 cont . hilly ( cont . ) ( look at the speed wheel beneath they ) but -- that 's dangerous . GEORGE what do we have to do ? ralston you see that pin. dow there ? you have get to pull it up and turn it to the leave . George and grover bend down and look . grover that 's impossible ! GEORGE ( to greve ) c'mon . you hold the back of my belt . George ease himself toward the pin . ext . the track - day 220 the Silver streak tear along the track over bridge and freeway . in the distance we can see the skyline of Chicago . int . central station coffee shop - day 221 jarvis , anxious 's and sweat , race into the coffee shop . he look around frantically for benny , then race up to the cashier . jarvis hi , mabel . have you see benny ? mabel ( good-naturedly ) well , if it be not the little caesar of the railroad . what 's ... jarvis lean over the counter and grab she lapel . jarvis have you see benny ?!! mabel no. no . try next door , jarvis let she go and run out . int . the connecting platform - day 222 lying flat on he belly George slide himself down toward the bolt . grover and hilly be hold he while he look at the cont. 465 112 222 cont . speed railway track below . he find a place for he hand and inch he way toward the pin . he get he hand on it and try to move it . it will not budge . George wipe the sweat from he face and mutter a oath , ext . the track - day 223 the Silver streak be fly by signal tower and along the maze of crisscross track . int , the connecting platform - day 22h George try again without success . he have to move closer for more leverage . grover lean over hold he by the belt , while hilly hold he leg . George get he hand on the pin again and give it a mighty pull . it move . GEORGE I move it ! suddenly the train lurch and grover lose he grip . George tumble down , scramble madly for balance . hilly scream . he stop himself in time , he face not more than two foot from the gravel railway bed . hilly grab at he clothes and grover take hold of he leg . together they manage to pull he back to he original position . George take a few deep breath and try again to move_the pin . int , the brass rail - day 225 jarvis run into the crowded bar and race over to benny who be have a beer with some friend . he grab he boss and pull he aside . jarvis the Silver streak be a runaway . what do we do ? benny , a professional railroad man for many year , see imme - lately from jarvis ' manner that the problem be serious . he look up at the clock above the bar . it read one thirty - one , benny it 's gonna be here in four minute . he slam down he beer and race out of the bar . jarvis follow . int . central station - day 226 benny and jarvis run from the bar , past the center newsstand , the kodak camera booth , and the record stall . they race up the ramp where the dodge dart be on display and over to a security phone set in the wall . benny take it out and dial one number . - cont. 465 113 226 cont . benny Harris ? benny . get a call into station security . the Silver streak be go to jump track five and crash in here in four minute . full alert . clear the station . right . ext . the track - day 227 the Silver streak be hurtle toward the downtown area . we can see the tall building , include the sear building , the tallest in the world , and for the first time we glimpse Central Station wait at the end of the line . int . the connecting platform - day 228 George make another attempt at the pin . he move it and pull it up but he have not get the strength or the leverage to turn it to the leave . he sweat and grunt . hilly look at he with a anguish face . grover , hold onto George 's belt , watch the track zipping by . he too be sweat profusely . int . central station - day 229 the public address system echoe across the vast marble concourse . people stop -~ passenger , wait relative , waitress , newspaper seller -- and listen . public address attention . you attention please . everyone be request to walk to the nearest exit as quickly as possible . this be a emergency . people wait for the arrival of the Silver streak on track five be request to vacate that area immediately . repeat . this be a emergency ... people mill around and talk amongst themselves . some be go to the exit . other be ask the security police for more information . ext , the track - day 230 the sliver streak be shoot past the other train in the yard and head directly for Central Station , build under a large post office in the middle of the city . int . central station - day 231 people be move a little more quickly toward the exit as the security police hurry they along and shout out instruc - tion . coffee waitress be refuse to leave the shop and the man at the newspaper stand do not want to leave he stall . Old people scurry along as fast as they can while young kid giggle and yell and take they time . 465 114 ext . the track - day 232 the Silver streak never look more powerful be barrel down the track -- sleek and smooth and beautiful . int , the connecting platform - day 233 George maneuver himself closer to the pin . he look down at the speed track and gather he strength for one last effort . the muscle of he face be pulsate . the vein of he neck stand out . all he body shiver with the strain when suddenly the pin turn free . the train lurch and the car pull apart . the hose break , and , like a banshee wail , the air pressure escape and the brake come on . spark fly fram the wheel , and pierce screech fili the air , as the wheel lock and slide along the track . George scramble back up with the aid of hilly and grover . grabbing onto the end of the car , they watch the forward section of the train draw away and speed on without they . ext , the track - day 234 the powerful locomotive of the Silver streak be not deterr by the brake . the forward section of the train race ahead into Central Station and disappear from sight . int . central station - day 235 in the windowless darkness , past the black asphalt siding pile high with baggage and mail sack , the Silver streak roar down the track toward the heavy wooden stop at the end of the line . int . central station - another angle - day 236 a few last straggler be be ushere away from the ccn - crete block wall at the back of track five . a security offi - cer be argue with a woman and she child when suddenly she littlest boy playfully rus out into the empty wait area . . int , central station - another angle - day 237 the Silver streak with the power of a rocket careen down the track and smashes into the wooden stop , shatter it like kindling . the locomotive continue on , grind up and over the embankment toward the concrete brick wall . int . central station - another angle - day 238 on the other side of the wall , the security officer dive and grab the little boy , roll to safety as the sliver streak smashes through . the concrete brick fall and tumble like child 's block and still the train keep go . people scream , the newspaperman leap out of the way as the mighty engine plow through he stall , crash through the record poutique and completely demolish the glass kodak booth . cont. 465 revised - " the silver streak " - 4/2 115 238 cont . and still it keep go . up the ramp , past the Greek marble pillar , through the display and smack into the new dodge dart send it fly through the air like a angry bull toss a matador . the car smashes into the wooden bench and the Silver streak finally slow to a screeching halt beneath the arch that say " to all train . " int , track five - day 239 the rear of the train slide to a halt at the platform not more than thirty yard from the end of the line . int , the car with the connecting platform - day a- 239 as the train stop , grover , whe have be look out the corridor window , lean back against the wall with incredulous relief , - grover we make it . I do not believe it . we make it . ralston , who be sit in the far corner , take out he hip flask and toast the open at the end of the car . ralston hello , Chicago , hello ! he take a long swallow . int . track five - day b-239 George step off the carriage and plant he foot firmly on the ground . he draw a long breath and then turn to help hilly down , she fall into he arm and they hold each other for a moment of great relief and happiness . grover step down and glance up toward the end of the track . grover wow ! would you look at that ! George and hilly look up and the three of they walk off to the end of the platform . - int . track five - another angle - day C -239 they pause at the end of the line to look with wide - eye amazement at the hole in the concrete wall that the Silver streak leave when it crash through . they step through the hole and walk through the destroy boutique . we 24 of 465 revised - " the silver streak - 4/9/76 116 int . central station - another angle - day 241 people and security officer be milling around , recover from the shock . George , hilly and grover make ' they way across the floor scattered with candy and magazine from the wreck newspaper stall . they pass what be leave of the record shop and the kodak booth and see the last carriage of the sliver streak up ahead . hilly it 's like a battlefield . they walk on . : grover ( point ) look what it do to that car . int . central station - another angle ~- day aka the Silver streak locomotive have take a beat , although the whole front of the engine be incongruously drape with the festive red , white and blue bunt from the dodge cart display . George and hilly stand off and look at it . hilly I do not know about you but next time I take the bus . GEORGE you know I look at the face of that engine and I swear I can see @ grin . hilly look to I like one of that bicentennial display . GEORGE where 's grover ? they look around and see grover over by the dodge dart with he hand in the engine . hilly what 's he do ? GEORGE I think he 's just bag himself another pussey . grover slam down the dodge dart hood and , officiously order people to get out of the way , sit at the wheel and begin to slowly drive orf through the crowd . he pass George and hilly and wink before he dissappear down a ramp . George shake he head and smile . GEORGE he 's crazy ! hilly crazy ? het get the right idea . let 's get out of here . let 's go to a park . 465 sed ~o " sil streak " ~ 4 / 2 , 117 242 cont. GEORGE a park ? hilly yeah . I want to take my shoe off , lie back on the grass and have you teach I some more about gardening , George laugh and take she in he arm . they kiss . the music come in and we begin pulling back , High above the crowd we take we last fond look at the Silver streak . park in the middie of Central Station the focus of attention , it still seem to be flash a wickedly satisfied grin . we 243 fade out the end