'' singin ' in the rain " by adolph GREEN betty comden 5/23/51 name change §-3-51 pl singing in tie rain . fade iil : : oy egyptian theater -- hollyvood - ext . night 1 - 10 the scene be Hollywood in 1927 , at the peak of the silent movie era just prior to the intro - duction of sound picture . it be the night of a big premiere . first we see huge beam of light search the sky from big search - light place around the theater . ' we see a street sign say " Hollywood boulevard " wnich be alternately light up and dark as the Dean hit it . we see the front of the egyptian theater and . enormous crowd along the boulevard and from the clothes of the people we see that we be in the late ' 20't . the marque read " fremiere tonight a biggest picture of 1927 " a couple of kid have climb a palm tree and a>e look at a sign read : " Don lockwood and lina Lamont in ' the Royal rascalt , " : the police be hold back surging crotd which be press against rope form a aisle from the street to the entrance to the theater , the aisle be cover . with red car - peting . - a kid be clutching a fan magazine on the cover of which we see a nicture of two movie star and the head " loclwood and lanont - reel life or rewal life romance ? " about three - quarter of the war up the aisle to the theater be a large , old - fashioned microphone , and to either side high pole top with the flaring horn of a early public address systen . at the microphone stand dora Bailey , a smartly dress , matronly woman , a lead filn colum - ist , who be address the crowd . dora ( highly excited ; in a over ecstatic gushy voice ) this be dora bailsy , lady and gentleman -- . talk to you from the front of the egyptian theater in Hollywood , what a night , lady and gentleman -- what a night ! every star in Hollywood 's heaven be here to make monumental picture 's premiere of " the Royal rascal " the outstanding event of 1927 , every - one be breathlessly await the arrival of lina Lamont and Don loclnood , and -- a shriek go up from the crowd as a limousine puil up . C hey , mister , be you anybody ? : 4-11-51 p22 dora. 1- 10 dnd look who just arrive } it 's that exotic star cont 'd olga mara and she new husband , the Baron de la ( 2 ) bonnet de la toulon . fe . ' there be applause as a exaggeratedly exotic woman of the jetta goudal - nita naldi variety slink up the aisle accompany by a suave ' be-mousteched clothing . dummy type in top hat | and teil , . at dora ' they have be marry two noiith already - but still as happy as newly - wed ! ' dnother ' ear pull up . dora . ' and now here come that famous Zip girl of the screen , the darling of the flapper set , Zelda Zan - der , ond hernew red hot pash 's <- J , cumberland spendrill III , that vell - knovw , eligible bachelor ! |. 4 flene " it girl '' type shimmy up the aisle accompany by a very old doddering man in evening clothes . ~ . dora . Zeldat hed so much unhsppiness , I hope this time . it 's really love and now here come -~ ~=- 4 shabby car pull up , dora why it 's -- who be it ? 4 man get out of the car and start up the aisle , it be cosmo brow ( Donald O'Connor ) .. 4 kid stop cosmo as he walk up . the aisle . . kid hey , who be you ? oof 4 fan hey , who be this guy ? ' , dnother fan they be clutching at cosmo 's lapel . cosmo ( lock eround con - ' spiraterially ) . shhh ~~ I have a big seoret <+ I be rin-tin- tin 's ' stend - in -- - . Kia 4-11-51 cosmo ( confidentially ) yeah -- well , that 's my secret . ( he preek into a. wild bark ) woot '' woot == woot the fan draw back in fright as he walk smilingly up the aisle . dora ( at ' the microphone ~ she facé lighting up ) ob , it 's Don lockwood 's hest friend ~- cosmo ' Brown ! he play the piano on the set for Don and line to get they into that romantic mood that heave make they so famous . énother limousine pull . up . dora ( blow she top ) oh - on , folk , this be it ! it 's the producer of " the Royal rascal " , Mr. R. F , Simpson end Mrs , Simpson -~ the man who give you all the - lockwood - Lamont picture and with he -- eh , yes , it be '' -- it 's that romantic lover of the screen Don lockwood and lina lanont ! out.of the limousine first step Mr , Simpson , @ hearty - look , middle - age man with he ditto wife in evening clother . follow they be Don lockwood ané lina lomont . 's the erowd go insane when they see they , yell - ing end surging against the rope . Don and lina leugh end wave as they walk up the aisle . Don be a dash handsome , athletic - look young fellow with a : natural air of jeuntiness and high spirit , bear a strong rememblance to gene Kelly . line : ' be the epitome of classic patrician heauty , regal , elegent ad slightly eloof , a vision of devastating loveliness . they stop at the microphone and be greet effusively by dora . 2 . . : * dora . hello , doni hello , lina ~~ you look lovely ! lina bow graciously to the crowd . Don bow . he be over - assure , the spoiled movie star . dora lady and gentleman , when you look at this gorgeous couple , it 's no wonder that they be a household nane all over the world --‘ like bacon ond egg . lockwood end Lamont ! Don , you can tell I confidentially , be this rumor true ineren bell be soon to ring Tor you end lina p.3 1-10 cont 'd ( 2 ) 4-211-51 .. Don ( with charming aiffidence ) well , lina anc I have no statement to make as this time . we be just good friend , dora . . you have come a long way sogether , Don . wo not you tell we how it all hep pene ? Don well , lina and I have make a number of picture toge the -- dora no , no , Don -~ I want you story from the beginning ! : Don ( suiling charmingly ) dora == not in front of all this people . dora ' but Don -= the story of you success be be in - spiretion to young people all over the world - piease -- interview this interview be to be consider as a number , during which , in ironic contras % to Don 's voice give a fabricate biography ; we see that really tock place in de 's life and career . . Don well , dora -- itve have one motto which I have always live by =~ dignity -~ always dignity . this be instill in I by mum mo dad from the very beginning . they send I to the best school ; of course -- include dence school , where i. meet my life - long friend -~ cosmo browm -- ind with he I use the perform for . all mum mé dad 's society friend . ' . : . dissolve : disreputable looking poclroom - int . nichd Don , eas a small boy in rag clothes , be tap -dance as tough poolroom cheracter throw he a occasionnl penny : cosmo as a smell boy be play the harmonica , Don 's voy {ois . ) they use to make such a fuss over me L burly -look saloon keeper grab the hov nan bv the collar : the boy Don pick | bi4 1 - 20 . cont id ( 4 ) 1 : 12 cc then pany this 4-11-51 up he penny ' and be hurl th’ogh the swinging door , - cosmo after he . the boy walking down STREET - ext . - night : : : Don 's Voice . ( o.s. ) if I be very good - I be allow to accom - . mum mo dad to the theatre , dissolve ; front of jn cld nickelodeon theatre - ext . day there be of poster of a girl in lfrican safari outfit in the clutches of a gorilla ; the poster read : . " the danger of drucilla - with esme grey - 12th episode . " we sec the boy sneak past the ticket taker 's mo sit down in though back of thoater , then look a absorbedly at the screen . i huge hand pick they up by the. collar , : dissolvs : strest corner ith fruit .nd vegetable wlgon jnd fruit stjnd owner Don and cosmo , now about fourteen year old , look at vegetable . Don approach fruit stand . : : do not Voice ( o.s. ) . stimulate my love for perform and as the year go by I beceme more and more engross in the art of act . we sze the young Don ery hystorically , engage the fruit stand owner 's attenticn , obviously a pathetic Little act about be " losted , " while cosmo , behind they , stuff '' he clothes with bananas , orange and sundry vegotable , 4s cosmo blithely walk off , Don 's tear and hysteria disappear and he wave goodbye blandly to the fruit stand owner . |. 1sel . p.5 12 cont 'd ( 2 ) : 13 14 15 out '' iy yy / d ae busckyrd scene Don 's Voice ( 0.s , ) to this we add rigorous musical training -- at the conservatory -- , Don and : cosmo , now gro up , still in rag elothes , be play respectively of fiddle and a harmonica for the edification of the tenant in the house avcut they , ' they be play at a bit of & disadventage , inter - twine emong many clothesline on which be . heng shirt end long underweer , a cat crawl along the fence beside they bristle in sheer terror at the sound and dash avay . , we see something drop at they foot , obviously @ coin' wrap in a bit of newspaper , encourage , they play even more violently , look up with happy expression in the direction of they unscen patron . suddenly they be shower from head to foot with ea huge cascade of water , Don 's Voice ( 0.86 ) we then round out we apprenticeship in the art at the most exclusive drematics ' academy . sign s2ying " lmlteur night " stage of extremely tawdry burlesque house - int. : we get a brief flash of Don and cosmo per ~ form a violent low comic act of the " Three stouge ' type , while in she wing seedy - look burlesque deme look on with great disinterest , Don end . cosmo get the hook which sweep they offstage while they fall end protest . ° ' do not Voice ( o.s . ) «at all time , dore , the motto remain -~ dignity — always dignity . in a few year cosmo mo I be ready to emberk on a dence- concert tour . we play the finest symphonic hall in the country --- montage brief montage of whistle stop : dead man' tang , artzonl 4-11-51 45x35 ere 18x8 — 18x ? - . sing in the rain chgs . ‘6-15-51 PA ? o&t meal , nebraska . _ lsx5=15 %7 - _ , cont 'd coyoteville , new mexico '' " ( 2 ) stage of cheap vaudeville theater ~ int . 6 Don and cosmo perform " fit as 's 4 fiddie " the ~ dont Voice ( o.s« ) audience everywhere - adore we . ' , . cul to : sho ? of audience ~ booing - " 16x21 . Don 's Voice ( 0.s. ) cae finally , we decide to - come to sunny California ... . dissolve tos ; | ' front of employment office - day 2 . 162 it be raining . help want ! sign be in view . Don and cosmo notice one particular. sign , take it down and enter employment office . '' : Don 's Voice ( o.s . ) we be strand here -- I mean , we be stay here rest up when the offer from the movie studio start pour in -- finally we sort . they out 's and decide to favor monumental picture < = dissolve to : suet ~ front gate monumental picture - ext , | 22 ay co , . . we goin through the gate and on to a set of a typical western bar as scen in cowboy picture . we see a scene of violence behind which piano and violin mood music be play . the villain , a dirty be-mustach fellow , be clutching the beautiful lina Lamont in he arm . she be in dance-hall costume of the frontier period and ' . be struggle to get free . over this come a the director 's voice : | . lo '' 1%=21x21 : we . - sing in . the rain , ches. gnl5~5l psk director ( roscoe dexter : he be 22 @ress in riding boot and breech cont ' D and visore cap , and be shouting through ( 21 ) a megaphone ) okay , maney , - you do not like hint you hate hint ( continue ) at the bar you stop hin . ' that 's itt now here 's the bit , bert , where you . 4-11-51 p.8 director ( continue ) 22 you be resisting he ! phatt itt now , faint : _ cont'd keep that mood music go ( 2 ) '' the actor follow the direction he give . camera pan over to shot of mood musician . : : cosmo be at the piano and Don play the | violin .. lo . 1 - + '' Don ( stilt play , look at - lina , talk under he breath . quite a dish , be not she ? i you couldn ! t afford rem ? ce , to : . | cur back 70 ; | have to ; | , | '' dexter directing tee scene age | dexter . okey , now phil -- you come in ! . a cowboy hero type come dash through pt ' the swinging door . he register the scene , . : - to the villain send a tarly 3 henchman over : have toward phil . : daxter . ' keep on grind ! play that - music ! now ym see she , phil ! go towards she ! bert ! ( refer to the henciman ) bert push phil back end punch he . dexter get it in the stomach ! phil elve he aterrific punch in the stomach , bert back up and crash he back against the edge of the bar . he , crumble to the floor , dexter . cut ? no , no , '' that be not right , bert ! you be suppose '' to & head over heel over the bar and erash into though glass . try it again . okay , bert ! bert ! : there be no ancwér . . dexter ( with some annoyance ) that 's swell , just swell ! take he away , folla . _ no kid ! what 's yor neme ? 4-11-51 two man carry bert off .. ' dexter you " be all right , bert .. wetve lose more darn stunt man on this pioture .. take we hour to get @ new one over from Central caste ! ( he look harrass ) ' : Don ( put down he violin and go over to .him ) : : ‘on , Mr. : dexter , I think I can do that bit for you . : dexter what , yout ' you be @ musician .. . cosmo ( drily ) that 's a moot point . dexter ( reconsider ) > Don ( with satirical eagerness ) Don lockwood , sir , but the fella all cell I Donald - lockwood . . dexter Wise axy , huh ? all right , I will try you . get this guy into Fred 's suit , and rearember lockrood , . you mey be trading that fiddle in for a harp . Don have rapidly chenge into cowboy shirt and hat . dexter - '' okey , get the stretcher ready , Joe . ' do not worry , . we will inform you next -of-kin . ckay , roll ‘om ! they do the scene over again . Don do a terrific back summersault over the ber , erash into the glass and disappear behind the bar . cosmo , wincing at the piano , play " fit as a fiddle . " dexter cut ! Don get up nonchalantly , . ' dexter ( emaze ) gee , that be creat , do '' Don look at lina , who look away , disdain - fully . oo , _ Don ( dusting himself ort casually ) get any other little chore you wot do fot this picture ? . . p.9 23 cont 'd ( 2 ) ' sing in the rain 's oo ' chgse - 7 - 20 - 51 = p ,10 . dexter : * 23 plenty . sst ' D : 3 Don 's Voice ( o.s. ) . t , . my role in the film be urbane , sophisticated and | suave <~ : series of shot 24-28 : Don be dress in the same costume as the } o . lead man who be stand beside he . Don ~ be put on a. moustache , . : : dexter | : okay , Don . i : , we see Don ride .a motorcycle off a cliff } : . into the water 150 foot below . Don be put on . goggle .- the lead man be . ) . stand beside he , similarly dress . . 0 dexter okay , don. } . : : : . 1 ( 'o we see Don run a old - fashioned bi-plane of into a chicken house on the ground . {- : - Don put on a confederate soldier costume , : the lead man be stand beside he . : ' dexter okay , Don , we see Don enter a wooden house mark " explosive " , the nouse be set afire by prop man and explode . Don stagger out and collapse . : Don 's Voice ( 0.s. ) and. of course , - all through that first picture lina o be , as always , a inspiration to I : -~ warm and . helpful -~ a real lady . . . : 29 . - . . : we - don and lina on set - ext , Day cosmo be fix bandage on do 's hand . lin& be in a beautiful dress gow , vuffing she nad be . Don wink confidently to cosmo and go over to hor . * Don ( eagerly ) gosh , ' miss lemont , it 's be wonderful meeting you . . ' lina berely glance up at he , annoyed at be address by such a lowly creature . . Don . I be Don lockwood , the stunt man . it 's be a real pleasure wor king with you . lina 's look up contemptucusly ond turn she back , ignore he citstretch hand . Don look at it embarrassedly , dexter come run up to he , . the , hey , do dex * with dexter we see R. f. Simpson . . dexter Don , I go you to meet the producer of the. picture , Mr. R. f. Simpson , Don oh - glad to meet you , sir , , cosmo join they . Simpson ( heartily ) eow do you do , Don . I just sew some of the rush for the picture end ask dexter here who the team of stunt man be , end he say it be all you . Don ( humbly } yes , I guess | that be I all over , ' Simpson . well , son , I think you have get something . '' go you to come over to my office after lunch , wetll discuss a contract . Don ( excited and impressed ) Contract ! thenk you , Mr. Simpson . cosmo ? '' aaama ama Tan chatra harde finemn haamineg . simp son yes , I and go to put you and line together in a picture the boy 's get souething . do not you think he 's great , lina ? : < 11 through this , lina hes be oll ear and now turn to iir . Simpson with a big smile . '' Simpson see you later , lockwood . . - he and dexter exit . Don , who have ' notice the big switch in lina 's attitude , now lean ' toward she : insinuatingly . * Don well , miss. Lamont , do anything tonight ? lina look up at hin with : a big seductive smile end shake she head , put she arn through he . . ' Don ( remove she zn ) that 's funny -~ I be busy . he walk away with cosmo , both whistling happily , leave she open-mouthed and furious , . . Don 's Voice ( o.5 . ) well , lina end I heve have the same wonderful relationship ever since through twelve picture -~ end in the course of time the public have make I a stary . shot of billboard with picture of Don and lina on then , depict in each case the . two in gallant lover 's embrace . . lina llmont in " the battling banditti " with don lock*00d lina lamont in " the prince of pirate " with don lockwood third billboard , both neme in much larger print : lin . lamont jnd don lockwood in " the beggar of blngkox '' starring limont 2nd lockwood in " the scr of zigmund " 4-11-51 30 cont'd . ( 2 ) 31 out s1x1 - s1x4 4-11-51 Don 's Voice ( 0.s. , 's continue ) «nd so today I they know as the dash , extravagent dare - devil of the screen -- a role , however , which ido not carry over into uy private offscreen existence , shot of rold - ext . ~ night camera travel up roed @s we epproach : ext , of large mansion - night . . Don 's Voice ( 0 , 's - ) and now -- today -~ I lead a sober and quiet life in - ny secluded * little hone in the hill -- surround by good book , fine music -- mo just afew old friend . . 4 huge party with hundred of pecple present be take place . there be a swim pool , a large dance band , '' . people be milling about noisily , some in . evening dress , other in bathing suit . Don be surround on all side by peautiful girl . we see cosmo in a corner with several beauty too . Don be cut up , be the life of the party . the scene be generally one of frantic eeiety in typical 20 's fashion . many people be dmcing mad charleston end blackbottom , ed the scene ms with Don fully clothed be hurl into he om swim pool , . Don 's Voice ( 0.s. ) 4nd most important of all , I continue live up to my motto -- dignity -- always dignity . dissolve to : front of egyptiun theater - don - nd dora . ue '' Don ( with supreme modesty ) well , that 's it , dora . . dora : : thank you , Don --~ ind I they sure you end lina will continue meke movie history tonight in you great picture -- " the Royal rescal . " huge cheer from the crowd , es we ' dissolve to : p6135 31x1 - 31x , " cont 's 3 ( 2 ) * slx5 s1x6 s1x7 sing in the rain chgs. 6-25-51 pik s{ inside egyptian theater 31x8 we see the audience look toward the sGreen where we see a small image of - the film play . . . dissolve to : * : , 32 ow ! the screen _ : 33~37 : here we see a black and white silent movie with title . we see Don and lina in " Three od musketeer " period costume kissing in a castle garden in front of a hedge , title : my song of song , there be no one but you . they kiss again : title : tonight the world be ours = what care we what the morrow bring , tonight we be alone , we see behind the hedge a group of man creep ~ ing . then Don and lina break from the kiss . . on. : : —— title : ( Don ) I think I hear a footstep , lina fling herself back into he arm . ° title ( lina ) belove , it be only the beat - ing of my heart too fill with - happiness to contain itself , as they kiss again , the villain and man jump over the hedge and grab they : . title : ( villain ) seize then ! . . title ( Don ) a , gaspard de la nuit - we oq meet again ! - title : ( villain ) yes , felipe du bois ~ for the last time ! they start to duel . everyone be fight Don who kilis they all except gaspard with miraculous stunt and acrobatics , cur to : : i i i i : } ] i sing in the rain chgs . 6-25-51 9 plub a = audience o. reaction . 38 '' see a typical middle age husband and wife . she be watch tne picture feverishly -.as husband look nore . she be clutching he hand and grip he arn , wife ( whisper with pessionate rapture ) : ' oh Don !.. don! 0h Don ? . husband look annoyed . she keep grip nis oo arm = stare at the screen , of , wife Don ! : eusodand hey , remember I ? my name be San , wife snap out of it startle . 4-11-51 p15 the screin - 5 bqnan the scene be litter with body , two . enemy Don have overlook suddenly appear . he be swordless . ' they rush at he from op ~ posite direction , sword out - draw .. he . duck just as they reach he ad impell by they ovn velocity , they run each other throlgh , felipe look around , see that the villain have carry ‘off the girl on @ horse , Don leap on a wall , grab a hmging willow , branch and swing over gown onto the horse , hurl | himself and the villain over as -he = '' '' oes 80 % title : _ den} 4nd now , gaspard de la nuit - , we really mee % for the last time ! : he stab the villain mo raste to the girl : title : ( lina ) felipe ! — ' they kiss passionately . : cur Tor ! back of theater 48 two usher be stending , ' lean ageinst a post , lock . dreemily at the sereen , _- first usher on , he 's the cat 's pajanas ! ' second usher listen , ' aearie , ' ' lemont 's get he in nre - al life as well as reel . fir st usher ( in a tragic , o . flat voice ) v. well , she 's so. refine . I think I will kill myself . the screen ; - so : 43 Don and lina be kis sing they fade out ; title : the endy . _ o ww 4-11-51 - p.16 inside the theater : 44 the light come up end there be wild applause . the eudience stend up end start yell for : the star . cult tos stage of theater . 45 4.re plush curtain have close over the soreen . . from the wing enter Don ond lina to appleuse , lina open she mouth as if to . speak and Don cut in . : Don : thank you , ledey and gentleman -- : . lina try again . line yes ~~ th -- '' Don {graciaus , put still cut she of we be pretty dern thrilled at you responce to " the Royal rascal '' , it be fun mexing it mal hope you have fun see it tonight . there be applause . lina I - Don ' we work hard meke thesé picture , velieve I , put if we can bring any joy into the life of the people out there , it be worth it , . lina I would -- Don folk -- we screen 's actor be not much gocd at speck in public , end so we have better just act out we thanks ! in pantomime he bow , throw 2 big kiss - end seem to q@nbrace the whole audience as there be loud epplouse . -.s lina open she , of mouth again , Don lead she off stage . aaa 4-11-51 Don and lina have just come off . ' cosmo come rush up to they with Rod , a breezy over - energetic press agent type . ~ Rod . hot dog , kid - itt a smasht line , you vere gorgeous ! cosmo , yes , lina , you look pretty good for a airl . lina be absolutely furious and turm ' ’on Don . . we hear she voice for the first time . it be flat end coarse and a terrific shock cone out of that beautiful face , . . lina frheaven sake , what 's the idea = can not a girl get in a word in edgewise ? they be my public ; toot : : . : Don ( patiently ) line , the publicity deper ment , Rod here -= decide . it would be better if I make all the speech for the tean . . - Rod : lina , vyou be a beautiful wonen -- ' audi ence think you have get & voice to match . ' Studio have get to keep they star from look ridiculous at any cost . cosmo no one 's get that much money . lina - why ? what 's wrong with the way I talk ? what 'sa big idea -- be I dumb or somethin’ ? the man exchange look . de no , no -- it 's just that I have hed so much more | experience and -~ . Le ' lina next time , yrite I cut a speech . I could memoralize it : , . coszo sure , why do not you go out now ang recite the gettysburg address ? t p.17 . 46 sh out . there be nothing between we '' never be anything between we -= just airt 4-11-51 p.18 lina . 46 what do you know about it you -- you plano cont'd player ! tre you anybody ?! ( 2 ) ( she turn to Don eppealingly ) Don , how can you let he talk thet way to I -— you fiancee ! Don ( clutching he head ad give we the impression he hes be through this meny tine ) . my fiancee ! lina , youtve be read that fan magazine again . . you actually believe that banana cil that . dora bat tey end ali the columnist there have i — o—eeee > e=_ — — _ es ew 2 lina ( she have be look - ~ . eb ing at he lovingly through ' this and : ~ cont ' D now smile at he ) ( 3 ) ony Don = you do not mean that , come on , darling , 11 be late for Mr , Simpson 's party ! Rod ( tating lina out ) ' you be go in separate car to break up the mob . 7 . lina see you there Don ! they exit . . : a o Don ( look after she , shak ~ : . ing he head incredulously ) ' what be the matter with that girl ? can not she take a gentle hint ? . cosmo have not you hear ? she 's irristible ! she tell I so herself ? Don ( feed " up ) on , why can not . I get she out of my mind ! ita stick with she , ' the fan ! the’ publicity ! cosmo ( in mock fatherly fashion ) oo price of fame , Don . you have get the glory , you have get to take the little heartaches that go with it , ( he build this next part dramatically ) '' now , look at I ~ - I have get no fame , no glory , no ( he break off suddenly and think ) hey , what have I get ? Don ( warmly ) cos , you could have all that thing , you do not have to be just | a piano ' 's player on the set , you have get alt kind . of talent , all you need be a little drive ! : o oy . cosmo ( briskly ) - 0.k.. the car 's outside - - let 's go ! big mansion , no money - - - but I have get - - : | | | Don ( shaking he head and smile affectionately at he friend ) come on , you . dope , as they start to exit cosmo see a mirror near the door . he stop as he see he image and look at hinself puzzle . ' cosmo , ' we . hey , be you anybody ? dissolve 70 : ' say , there 's Don . '' don} it 's Don ! hey , give we you autograph , etc , 4 ? out shot - moving car - ext night ' 48 the car go a bit . we hear a noise , the ' car stop . ' shot = car stop at intersection - don and 49 : cosmo in car . . Don : . o cosmo ( get out of car in hey , wnat be that ? disgust ) ; do not imow ! this car have not give I a lick of . trouble in nearly six hour ; a girl stop in the street and see Don . girl . , 1 be not that Don lockwood ? - . man on the Street a group start to form around the park car , " voice Don ( signing a few graciously ) o.k. ikid , o.k. alright , that 's enough now . cosmo ( come back ) look like a flat tire . ~ ( he crawl under the car ) Don : . oo '' great . now come on kid , enough - = - quite a crowd be gather and a fan ' pull at Don 's sleeve and tear it , Don hey , youfre play . rough ! . ( he look around frantically for escape ) hey , cosmo , do something ! call I a cab ! cosmo ( poke he head out , from under the car ) . you be a cab ? . ( he climb back under ) nowlook , girlie , I be -- yell -51 Don thanks . well , here go - ~ - see you later , cos .. ( Don jump out of the car ) cosmo ( look up ) huh ? hey , Don wait ! as Don jwnan out of the car he frees himself from the fan and leap onto the roof of the ear next to he which be stop for a traffic ' signal . he cross the tod of this one and jump down into a open jalopy which have just start to pull away as the traffic light change ; | shot - moving car - night Don have jump in next.to a young girl drive the jalopy . she screan , Don Lady , keép drive -- they be after I ! girl son pretty and at the moment terrify huh ! you get out of here ! ' . - Don . do not stop the car , keep go ! . girl ( drive ) . oooh ! I will -- i11 ] call a policeman ! . . bon . do not do that , just a few block and I ?ll get out . girl , dontt hurt I } Don do not worry ; i'm not a criminal , girl ( still very frightenod ) I do not care what you be , just go away , Don '' girl ( still arive , steal a look at he and gasp ) you be a criminal ! itve see that face some place , youtre a famous gangster ! I have see you picture in the papers «- or in the Post office with a lot of number on you chest . p,2l ug cont 'd | ( 2 ) 50 this man - he 's - ~ he bel - 52 b22 she look around wildly , and see a. policeman 50 at the corner , nominee nese eg ee ' cont ! D ( 2 ) . girl : : see Officer ! can . . . she pull over . to the side . --... oe : n ( walling over ) wnat ? of a yoo , girl ( x Officer - this man == --~ * ' pol cel what be this ? what 's ° girl . , se i £0 , ny car and == . policeman grkth , the. light , of - " pecognition } --* e=e -- oh ~ why , itis Don loclswood . ' girl ( look at hin ) ' Don lockwood , -' saye vaca '' ( vaznly ) poli . % for , a sex. ride ? , how be you , Mr , lock Don just a uk , matt. ly car break down . '' how be the icid ? the floc. er te : policeman Fine , fine . ronscenon ( to girl ) say , you be a _ ducky little lady . anything wrong ? of _ sind '' ( pull herself . why - why , no . tae ere mce policonan ' ( laugh ) . T sheuld think not ! ' go : rat , tin lockwood . | : Don good night , matt. a cop exit . tnere be a little pause . . Don ( look at the girl ) - . well - thanks for sa ving ry iit fe . zt fll get . out now . : : whet embarrassed } * ' itm -= I be drive to boverly . Hills . can i drop you . sone place ? - -- : et eee girl ( zecover , aut. stil . " ' sone= thanks . sing in the rain : , nane chgs. 523-51 p23 Don ( site '' pate she all - '' in ) . 50 well , i. would like to get out of this ventilate ~ come id a suit , I live at camden and sunset . ( 3 ) ( girl start car ) ( there be a moment 's silence during which Don be look at she . he obviously find she attractive and assume a ingratiate nanner ) I 'a@ very ’much like to ' mow whose hospitality I be enjoy , '' girl Sands - Kathy Sands . : Don , enchant , miss Sands -- I be sorry I fright ened you -~ I be get just a little too much love fron my ador fan , Kathy ( notice he tear coay for the first time ) oh- that 's what you be run away fron , . they - gid that to you ? -~ that 's terrible . ) Don ( move a little closer to she . . no - it 's not terrible at all , frankly , I love it , . ( she look at hin , aware that he be attempt to impress she and conscious of he physical nearness ) after all , I represent something to then -- 2 leZend . - glanour , ronance , dream of glory - can not plane they for a little hysteria when they suddenly see this + legend come to lite , ' ( he arm be now drape over the back of the driver 's seat in back of hex ) Kathy | ( look at hin again unconfortably ) : oh , of course not , Don ( be self - satirical but half meaning it ) it 's remarkable , be not it ? do you think , hiss 's Sands - when you embark this evening for wherevor you be go - that suddenly you would be riding along with Don lockwood ? snit life wonderful ? Kathy ( 0 % he line and assume «a ? 7 gaga nanner ) . uh- Mr , lockwood - I can not tell yor . how sorry TI a about taling you for a criminal sefore - but it be understandable under the circunstancé 's - I kney I would see you . . Le - ya21-51 Don ( with grand modesty ) '' os of course + er = which of my '' picture ' have you see ? . Kathy ( with exaggerated puzzle - ment I ~ I do not remember ~ I see one once , , _ Don you see one once ! , nathy ( continue in the sane over - innocent vein ) yes . I think you be dueling and there be that . girl - lina lanont and oh -- I do not go to the novie much - if you have see one , you have see they all . Don well - thank yon . - Kathy ( very deliberately ) " on , no offense , but you see I be not interested in 's the movie either see they or be in then . I guess ith entertaining enough for the mass , but the personality on the screen do not impress be - I mean , they do not act + they just make a lot of dumb show = well , you know , : she do a elaborate imitation : of movie pantomime , . Don you mean - like what I do ? : Kathy ( archly ) well , yes . : - ( she stop the car , then speak briskly ) her you be , Mr , locinood - sunset and camden - Don . wait .a minute ! you mean I be not a actor . = pantonine on the screen be not act , . Kathy : : . of course not - act isean great part - wonderful line ~ speak that glorious word - Shakespeare 's - ibsen = , . oy ' Don - . _ well , what 's you lofty mission in life that let you sneer at my humble profession ? . Kathy ( suddenly confuse ) well - uh '' I be a actress ! lo '' : Don what ? . pook 50 could so ey o " 2 . on the stage ! : , sing in the rain name chgs. 3=3-52 Kathy 2 Don oh -- I would like to see you act -- '' wh : at be you in right now ? TI could brush up on ny inglish - bring along a interpreter -- that be , if they would let in a. movie actor . , Kathy ( fr ighten ) well , I be not in a play right now -- but I will be " ~ ta go to go to hew yorke - and - Don do , abhh - and we will all hear of you some day , will not we ? : Kathy Sands as juliet - as Lady macbeth - as King lear -- you will have to wear a beard for that one , of course , but = Kathy ( defiantly ) : oh , you can laugh if you want to = but at lenst - the stage be a dignify , honorable profession = and what have you get to be so eonceit about ? - you be nothing but a shadow 's on film -- you be not flesh and ' blood = - Don ( come towards she with a sexy melodranatie leer ) oh , no ? " . Kathy ( draw back in real : terror ) stop ! - Don ( still sexy ) : what could I do to you ~ I be just a shadow . Kathy ( push hin off ) you keep away ! just pocause you be a big movie star . - wild party - swinning pool - you expect every girl to fall in a dead faint at you fee = well , do not you touch I . . . : . Don ( in lofty shakespoaresn 's tone ) fear : not , sweet lady - I will not molest you . : be but a hunble jester and you be too far above not ~- farewell , bthel barrymore - I must tear myself from you side ! . he get out - of car swiftly and in the process eatch he tear sleeve on the door , rip . a off completoly , he go . , dissolve : p25 eb ccomz 'd ( 5 ) ( he indicate bright light with he hand ) .: t oh ~ I see . 4-11-51 ext , night ~ driveway of a large mansion . cr. F , - stpsom ) ~~ so gt where a party be in - progress , we see Kathy drive up in she car , stop in front , she get out , ring the bell , the door. be open by a butler and behind he we see a scene of fes~ tivity within - dance couple , a girl do the Charleston , etc , : xath ) hello , y - butler yes , miss ? Kathy : I be one of the girl from the cocoanut Grove . _ butler - . _ a yes - the floor show - around the back , please 7 , Kathy , CUT to : int , dressing rcoi ! a room with screen and several . show girl who be in the process of get into costume , lst girl , : hey , guess who 's the guest of honor tonight - Don lockwood ! 2nd girl oooh , he !s the bee knee . Kathy enter , - Kathy hello , girl - be I late ? I have to make a slight detour , . . . . : : ist girl plenty a'time . Kathy - where be the costume ? second girl point tehind screen and nathy go behind it , and change into costune , . she head pecring out while she speak : p.26 51 _ 1 " really ? yell -5l : p.27° ie : .. 52 well , - guéss who I ' suse . ty uttéurea to : he '' home . and ° . . contid practically tuck into he trundle bed . ~ € 2 ) : and girl _ who ? . Kathy Don loclavroody . 1st girl ( astonished ) Don -- '' Kathy ( cut in ) of all the tin horn . sheik + this movie star . you can imagine -= well , I cut hin down a peg or two -! ana i~ practically tell he I be a lead actress with the theater Guild , ( the girl exchange a look but say nothing ) hey , what 's this shindig all about anyway ? lst girl ( almost giggle , but secretively ) on , I do not kmow - lot of movie big shot . beteha : gonna make a big impression $ Kathy ( come out from behind screen in a cute but rather scanty show - , '' girl costume ) no -- < I will never make it out here ; ( sit in front of mirror and begin put on makeup ) I be no hary pickford . I 'ma singer and dancer , what would they use I for in picture ? New York - that 's the placa ! of course , if they get down on they imee and begge I to stay <= : . CUT to : enormous live room - int 93255 with party in progress . - there be a dance band , table all around the floor , much - colorful din and hilarity . cosmo 's be seat with a pretty girl on he lap . she be curl - ing he hair around she finger . . girl ( flirtetiously ) on , Mr , Brown ~-~ could you really get I into the movie ? . cosmo . ( very suave with a- little leer ) I should : think so - < girl . en sing in the rain : name chgs. 5-3~-51 p,28 . . cosuo . .. 53655 : there be way '' = rm ~ sohrid .-. : on . : . 1 '' 2 ) girl oh , what would I have to do ? cosmo ( brisicly ) . well , itt simple , meet I Saturday afternoon in front of the loew 's theater , I will take you in --= unless there 's something play I have see already , in which '' ease you be on you ow , a girl _ ( sump off he lap of : furiously ) a oh , 's sol you dunt maiy ! she leave , . voice " 0.s. ~ hiya do ! congratulation } itc. . Don ( walling into the shot ) thanks , thanis everyone . hi cosmo . . cosmo Don ! how do you come , by way of Australia ? Don ( very ' seriously ) listen cosmo --= be I a good actor ? , '' cosmo . as long as I - vorte for monumental , you be the great of they all . ~ Don no kid , cosno , you be ny pal ~ you can tell not , cosmo . : what 's the matter with you ? of course , youtre good , Don . well , just keep tell I from tine to tine . tf feel 's a little shake - cosné '' the new Don lockwood . Simpson ( onter ) . Don ! do n 's _ hello , rf , . sinpson , Don , it 's colossal ! ' \here have you be - wetve be wait for you , be hold the show for you . ( address the room ) listen . everybody , get few little surprise for you mase. ae mabe ane & ) have to run a-movie at a party - it 's a Hollywood . - of o ' all set , lr. Simpson . _ - '' who 's that ? ua1i-5l p ,29 people pour in , sit at table , on couch and =» 53 = 55 , .on the floor . ' Simpson ' shout tothe back - of -) ' come ... '' + the room : - : : go - Simpson lower the screen , San . at one end of the room , movie screen be lower . Don a movie - we have just see one . cosmo law . : Simpson ! listen , this be gonna hand you a lot of laugh = there 's a man be come into my office for month =< and well -- get that gadget work , Sam ? oe Voice ( o.s . ) Simpson ( chuckle ) okay , let ter go ! . lignt go out , screen be blank for a moment , then we see a shot of a office with a desk in front . suddenly , there be a strange hiss - ing sound seemingly come from behind the screen follow bya heavy crunching sound of footstep . a nondescript professorial - look man come out into the office on screen , sit at the desk and scuffles several papers which sound like a thunder storn , . girl ( in live room ) . _ man ( on sereen ; spealcing very loudly but with a voice full of echoe = o also very deliberatéliy as one who over - ° > elaborately form word for a deaf person ) ksssshh ksssh , this be a demonstration of a talk picture . notice ~ it be a picture of I = and I be tallcing ! note how my lip and the sound issue from they . be synchronize together in perfect . unison , ae kan ( in live room ) : there 's someone talk behind the screen . a girl come out from behind that screen , Mrs Simpson , x sing in the rain . nané chgs. =. 5=3-51 :. p30 . Simpson ( laugh ) ~ | 53- 55 . - no , ro = I 'm. right here ! *.». . i man on screen ( continue ) ny voice be record on a record . - so connect with the mechanism of the projection machine as to run simultaneously with the unreel of the film , 4 talk picture . thank you . Goodbye , '' he nod ; the screen go blank and the light in the live room come up. there be a moment 's silence . - ' + Simpson ( giggle a little nervously ) well = everyone , include Don , start laugh and ad libbing , vo people 's . it 's a serean ! just a toy ! ete . man ( to Simpson ) do you think they will ever really use it ? : : sinpson I doubt it ! the Warner Brothers be naice a whole . talk picture with this gadget - " she Jazz Singer ! phey 'it lose they shirt } what do you think of . it , on . lo Don . it will never amount to a thing - '' cosmo - that 's what they say about the bicycle . lina enter fron terrace , . lina there you be , Don , tit be so '' worried - . Don ( a little wearily ) . Hell lina . : : Simpson together again - my two little start - Don ana lina -- no kid , be not they greet . folk ? _ bc . ss , applause now , on with she show . light be dimme , the band strike up a pompous mareh and 'a huge cake be wheeled in on a table by two chef with the emblem of monumental picture on top . there be ooht and ah 's from the assomble multitude . | 's sing in the rain chgs . 6-26-51 p31 : , Simpson ( to Don and liana ) 53-55 it 's for you twé , a very special cake , full of . . contr ! delicious surprise , I want you kiddie to have ~ c5 ) . the first piece , he give Don the knife . a photographer with a flash bulb start take picture , Don make a cut in the cake and as he do so , a figure pop through the center of '' the cake , [ it be matny in she show - girl out - fit with arm upstretch and a lock express - ive of " wheee '' on she face ; this look change as she find herself stare into Don 's face , he look equally amaze , then burst into laughter , . . - . . Don well , if it be not ethel barrymore ; the girl all troup out around and through the guest throw the candy kiss which they have in they costume , Don keep pursue Kathy , and keep take the candy uiss away from she as she attempt to do she part in the show by give they out to the guest . she keep try to avoid he and he ' keep pursue he ? during the follow dia - logue . . . . Kathy ( get angry ) ' lease ! . Don I hope you be go to favor we with something special tonight . hamlet 's soliloquy , or the balcony scene from " Romeo and juliet " or --- : Kathy ( srow more angry ) Mr. boclnvood ~- I - : ' Don ( look she up and down ) oh , do not be shy , that 's the perfect costume for juliet . : : , the girl break into they song and dance , all I do be drean of you . at the Zinish Don rush after Kathy who be the last one exite . : Don I just want to tell you I adore you performance , Kathy ( angry and embarrassed ) Excuse I . the she try to leave but Don hold she , 's sing in the rain chgs. 6-26-51 p32 , , Don of 53-55 do not go , : con ? ' D - ( he point to the cake ) - we , - € ) . now that I lmow where you live , let I see you : ome . oo lina ( come over ) who - be this dame , anyway ? ' Don oh , someone lofty and far above we all - a actress on the legitimate stege ~ she could not learn anything from the movie , " chy ( enraged and beside . herself ) here 's one thing I have learn from the movie ! ( she grab a large hunk of cake and huris it at Don , who duck -~ the cake dand full in lina 's face - second of aghast silence , then noisey ad lib of laugher , commiseration , etc . ) . lina ( she face heavily hide in _ whipped cream ) : . ohi ohl '. : : . /. bon ( go to lina ) ch , lina , I be sorry ~ this be - .- Kathy : gee , I be sorry ~ I do not mean ~ on ' ont lina ( gasp ) Don ( restrain she ) now , now = she be aim at I , , . . cosmo : lina ~ you never look lovelier . lina , let I at she + I will icill she ?! Kathy run out . sing in the rain name chgs. 5=3—51 Don ( to lina ) . it be : just a nistake , Tina . a litte’ accident . cosmo . . sure , it happen to not five or six time a day . Dan that Little girl do not mean any nara - why -- ( not look around ) where be she ? ( he sce she be go and dash after hor ) doe lina Don ! Don ! CUT to : dressing room = int . Don enter while girl be dress . | . Don Kathy ! oh , excuse I '' miss Sands . here ? girl . she just grab up she thing and bolt = what happen ? : . Don thanks , he run off , CUT to : front of house ~ ext . ~ night ' de ( run up to butler ) do you see a girl just now --- butler . Sne drive off , sir , in rather a nurry . Don look dow the driveway , puzzle and sad , . thinlsing of she . musical number - dow Don start sing '' all I do be dream of you as he think about she , dissolve to : 56 p.33 | 53555 ) . cohtid | ( 7 ) 57 97x . sing in Tho rain : name chgs .. * 5-3-51 : don's bedroon = ive , ts Don still sing the song - be now in pajamas . . Ho do number to " all I do be drean of you " , ' stage at monuigntal picture studio — int . day 58 two worlmien carry a petted tree in through the door where we see a scene of general bed - dan . many picture be be shot in different part of the stage and we near the conglomerate girection shout by various director , noiss '' of hammering , mood music , etc .. : . ist workman where do this thing go , Jim ? 2nd workman New lockwood ~ lanont. picture -- just start today . neycarry the tree past a society set where . mon and woman in evening clothes be . clink - . ing glass against the background of gentle string music , then past a savage village where we see some.of the savage eat sand= wich and play card , then past a collegiate set . where Zelda Zander and id in blazer be admire a football hero . . they arrive at a 18th century french Garden set , complete with bench , shrub and fountain , where they debosit the tree . right near the set be a piano where cosmo be improvise wnile Don be stand near have nis makeup '' touch up . Don be in fuil brocade and lace 18th century finery , and wear a white powder wig . the makeup Men be just finish ~ ing put a beauty mark on he . cheek , cosmo ( look at " variety " magazine ) oo . say , do you read " variety " today ? . '' Don ( lock at he make - up ) no , why ? cosno ( rex . " pirst talk picture novelty -- " the Jazz Singer " ~ all time smash end of first week . " : , '' Don ( dismiss it ) all time flop at end of the second , . . a - ( he assume a cavalier pose ) . well , new picture , new role -- voile ! conte Pierre 's .? de battaillo - better know as the dueling cavalier ! . oot qz ok sing in the rain nane chgs , 53-51 py35 - cosmo . . 58 : what 's this ene about ? : . - - ( ay tid . 2 Don 4 french Revolution story . '' well , ' it 's a live . - how could you ? she 's the first dame who have not tca not get she out of my mind . _ cosno itve get it -= you be a french aristocrat -— she 's @ simple girl of the people -= and she will not even give you a tunbril , ' Don ( first do a take ) " cosno why bother to shoot this picture ? why do not you _ just release the last one under a new '' title , ir youtve seon one , youtve see they all , Don ( sharply ) why do you say that ? cosmo what 's the matter ? . '' Don ( brood and with sone annoyance ) that 's what that Kathy Sands say to I that night . cosno Three week ago and you be still think about ite ' Don cost | fall for you line since you be four , - Don she 's on my conscience . . cosno . it 's not you fault . she lose she job at the . Grove .. Don I have get to find she , ( he be very concerned ) . gosno well , you have be try to , have not you -= {he go into western character ) ' short < of sendin ? out blood hound and a posse , a mell=5l p36 _ Don ( depressed ) 7 . 5 B . I suppose so ; oe of somrip a - - @ ) cosmo ( try to cheer he up ) come , come , Don . snap out of it ! in a few minute you have to be swashbuc ck ling all over this place .. rin the mood musician and I would betver get you in the mood , ( he start play on the piano " the wedding of the paint doll " ) something gay !:> something laugh ! come along , get into the holiday mood ! : Don / ue , oo '' cosno what '' gor it 's a holiday ! ( he start sing as he play ) aout . '' a holiday , today be the wedding the the paint ) Don ( arity oh , that 's what it be . cosmo sing the second line of the song . Don - I be glad to hear it ... ( he be amused inspite of himself and get into the mead join cosmo in the number , musical number - wedding of TIS painted doll ~~ 59 - 60 after the nunber dexter burst in expansively , . dexter hello , everyone ! hello , Don ! . " Don se ss hi , rosco . — : : Te o : dexter well , we be off again . : ( to the electrician ) get the i nts set , fellow . back to Don ) . well , Don , have be ( still have a little trot uble wit ch : the Story . : '' cosmo ( step in ) I have get it lick , dexter , . , os oh , 4ell - 51 . p.37 . dexter ( disdainfully ) 59 - 60 you ! — . . : . core : ( 2 ) - cosmo ( act it out ) sure ! now get this -- it be the last reel --~ the angry rabble be snthner around the guillotine we - they be about to execute don! right ? . ° oo dexter right , . cosmo . : the villian get he cornere ! there 's no way out ! right ? 's : . oo dexter ( by now hang on right ! every word ) ght ! cosmo Don put he head on the chopping block and whisht .! ( he make a gesture with he hand - like a knife start to cut and stop ) the guillotine get stick . dextor . stuck ? | ' cosno ( gesture wildly ) yeah ! whisht ! whisht ! whisht ! stuck every tire ! now the villian -- a bit over - anxicus -- push Don aside , put he own head on the block , he look up and start tinkering with the rope -- and just as he be say " quest - ce que c'est be the matter with this gadget anyway ? " joyeeeng | ( he make a big gesture like the imife fall ) : guillotine work for the first time ! he cut he own head off ! like it ? dexter ( flatly ) '' swell . . . . : oc ( without 2 pause he. turn away ) hey , whet be we wait for ? where 's lipa ! : Assistant she 's come , boss . cosmo shrug helplessly at Don . lina enter , dexter okey , herecome lina . let 's gol well51 - cosno start play | " the Old grey mare she > ad not what she use to be " in rhythm with jinat walk as she approach ' the set . 's she look breathtakingly deautiful , in ner huge . bouffant : - 18th centurysiirt and bare body and high , tower powder wig , she be : flanke by a hairdresser and wardrobe woman , who look at she adoringty . lina gee , this wig weign a ton ! what dope would wear a thing like this ? . dexter ( patiently ) everybody use to wear then , line . lina then everybody be a dope , > ( she stop at the piano ) what 's that you be play , cosmo ? cosno ( with satiricel shy tenderness ) . _o tts ~= it 's for you , lina . lina ( smile with recognition ) on , I kmow that -- ( she start to hun and gradually add a few word the the tune reminiscer ably ) " Old grey mare «= be not what < = " cher face suddenly change as she réalize ) . Wise guy ! . - : cosno have a piece of sugar , hairdresser ( gusai : agly ) now , honey , you look just beautiful ! : dexter ( reassuringly ) yes , you look great , lina ! how let 's get into the set . on - the set Don and lina . walk up onto the set . Don tr : ick to avoid she , but lina take hold of he arn and look at he longingly . . lina I look for you the other night at wally Ray 's party . | waere be you ? / ?.38 59-60 cont 'd , ( 3 ) . > belneg p39 Don ( ovesively ) - . 6oxl oh .- I have be busy -- . : , : : eure 2 : dexter ( shouting ) _ give we the light , San ! the light come wp on the set . Don and lina be stand there as dexter rush around look in the canera , arrange a couple of thing on the set , etc , oy : . lina ( accusingly ) oo and I lmow . wnat you have be busy at -~ look for .- - that girl , . . . : . : Don as a matter of fact , yes , lina ( pout ) why ? Don ( try to be business - like ) itve be worried about she . : lina ( pout some more - a oy : ' slight edge creep into she voice ) oe you should have be worried about I a little , :' : a the one who get the whipped . cream in ny sser ! . : Don but you do not lose you job and she do , | lina ( with almost child - like enjoyment ) . you be darn tootin ' she do -- I arrange it . | Don ( stunne ) what ! : ' lina ( smile sweetly ) ° oo they be not go to five she -- I call then up and tell they they better ! ~— ' Don ' look at she , furious . dexter have every - . thing arrange for the take and now stand next to the camera , face the set and give they direction , : ' dexter ~ okay . now remember , Don , you be madly . in love with yo she - and you have to overcone she shyness and . timidity . okay cosmo ! : ( cosmo start to . play the lush , romantic then from tchaikowsiy 's * Romeo a juliet ! , '' lina arrange herself prettily : : ( continue ) . - o . . e11-5h p.mo dexter ( continue ) - on the bench and take out a fan . Don , : $ 0 x1 _ throw she a last hateful look step coutid : to the side of the set , she réturn he ( 3 ) 0 8 look with a innocent smile ) Roll an ! okay , Don -- enter -- you see she -- - pun co she ! . Don make : a entrance from the ' side and in typical broad silent movie technic see lina , look around to see if anyone be watch and run over to she . lina turn , as if take by surprise and give a coy little gasp , nalf rise . Don smile at she reassuringly and : talcing she hand get down on one knee . . o _ Don ( kissing she hand and look up at she adoringly ) Way , you rattlesnake ! you get that poor kid fire ! lina shyly withdraw she hand and tap hin lightly on the shoulder with she fan - smile down at he , then look away coyly . ' lina ( under she breath ) : that 's net all I be gonna do if I ever get ny hand 's on she . _ , dexter . ( from - the side of the’ camera , where the : cameraman be grind ) Fine , fine ! look great ! de ( slowly cover she arn with kiss up to tne shoulder ) I hever hear of anything so low ~ what do you have to do it for ? lina ( move away from he on the bench but look at he seductiv rely ) ' Cause you jike she -- I could tell . Don take she hand and as he stand up , pull she to she foot next noe hin . he look at she ' o revinghyy de so that 's itt believe | I I do not like she half as much as I hate you = you reptile ! I lina try ‘to break away , but hé pulis she * to hin tenderly . . . lina : stick and stone may break my bone -- Don take she in he arm and look at she face with exaggerated passion , fd ) a . geail - 51 0 pwd Don 60x21 tid like to break every bone in you body . core lina ( suddenly in abandon return he embrace with equal passion ) you and who else , you big lumnox ! . dexter ( excitedly ) now kiss she , Don ! Don kiss she passionataly . dexter thatts it ! more !. great ! cutt Don and lina break from . the scene . Don push she away , dexter okay , we will try it again -- . lina ( look daze from the kiss , run back to Don and look at hin : wide - eye ) Don you can not kiss I like that and not mean it a teensy bit . Don ( beside himself with anger and impatience ) meet the great actor in the world ! I would rather ' kiss a tarantula ! lina ( warmly - dreanily ) you do not mean that -- bon ( bit terly ) . hey , boy , bring I a tarantula . lina , I ' !m tell . you for the last time -- dexter ( cut in ) stop the chit-chat , you love bird , let 's get another take t : : Simpson enter with two assistant . he look very concerned , and like a mon who be wound up about to explode . : : ' sinpson ( shouting fron the door ) hold it , dexter ! : dexter ( brightly ) well , Mr , Simpson ! as ifr . Simpson stride toward the set , cosm stand and play a few bar of the austrion National hymn . 1 4 t ' '' well , m : sinpson , we be really rol ling ! yelp dexter Simpson wel , you can stop roll at once ! dexter ( amaze ) huh ? : . Simpson Don , lina , cone here ! all the attention be on Mr , Simpson , Don . and lina come down off the set . dexter ( enlle to the crew ) all right , everybody - save it ! sinpson | . - save it ! tell then to so . home ! we be shutting down for a few weck ! . dexter what . Simpson . well , . do not just stand there - tell then ! dexter ( shouting to the crew , very puzzle ) everybody go hove - until further notice ! ( to Simpson ) what be this ? > de ( as they all take chair near the piano ) yeah , what 's the , mattor , r.f .? Simpson ( intensely ) " the Jazz Singer " , that 's wha sts che matter , " the Jazz Singer " + cosmo at the piano go into 4 a initotion of a jolsonesque singer - and sing . cosno ( sing ) '' mammy ! mammy - the sun shine east - fhe sun shine west -. loe *. Simpson ( mop he brow ) it 's a sensation ! the public be scream for 's . more } Don more : what ? p42 - 60x21 . cont 'd ( 3 ) yeli-51 p43 . Simpson : goxl talk pigture ! talk picture .! . ie : Don ( easily ) oh , that 's just a freak =~ sinipson ( explode ) yeah , what a freak ! we snouid have such a freak at this studio ! I tell you talk picture be a nessca , tut no one would jisten to I , Don , we have get to put we best foct forward . we be go to make '' the duelieng cavalier " as a talk picture | : : o a cosmo ( again like jolson ~ improvise a tune ) " on , I be a duell cava . aiier , and believe I I have no fear -- " . Simpson no , no ! no song ! and while I think of it -- we . - 7 will not need a mood musician any more . . : ' cosmo you mean I !m fire ? ( with mock intensity ) aah poverty -- this be my reward after fifty year of faithful service , impson . you be not fire . we be go to make a musical with Zelda andersen , Zim put you on as vocal coach . . , cosno ( violently ) . vocal coach ! this be ny reward after fifty . year , . of faithful service ! Don ( cut in ) now wait . a second , R. F , talk picture ! why do not you take you time and see if -- . Simpson - : o every studio be jump on the band wa 2gon , Don . : all the theater be put in sound eguipment .- we do not want to be leave out of it . welre go to rush this thing through -- shoot in three week -- work today and tonight . Don but we dontt know anything about this gadget .: . sinpson : what do you have to know ? it 's a picture ! you ' do what you always aaa but you just ada : talk to it . , ' fy '' t sing in the rain ches . . 5-23-52 pa of . Don ( consider ) - : 60x21 well , of course , the public will come to see it . cont 'd cirsaitt a Lamont ~ locisood picture -- but still -- ( 7 ) . Simpson ( enthusiastically ) Don , believe | I , it will be a sensation " Lamont and lockwood | they 's talk I " lina ( suédenly waking up = she voice cut through like a knife ) well , of course , we talk ! do not everybody ? there be a silence during which all turn and look at she , register the sound , they ex - change a look . cosmo . lina , you tallcing may bring back the silent pi oture . , : CUT 10 : series of variety hradlinz 61-63 " Revolution in Holly : ood " '' " studios convert to talky " " duell cavalier to be Big talkie Drama " : musical hit talky " : . dissolve to : '' 69 - 70 : three flapper girl = | foxl sing a hot-lick of the period ' like : " Vo-Do- de- 0 - do " a quick montage ~ oo , . . 7ok2 show the 1927 type musical ; ( which would include among other thing ) ~ uxelele and saxaphone ' player ; megaphone singer ; cocktail shaker dancer ( Black bovtom , Charleston ) ; . and doo~wacka= boo singer dissolve to : sing in tae rain . ' _ chgs. 5-23-52 pls inmocuous juveiile ld 70x3 sing " beautiful girl " surround by ( 8 ) pretty little girl , include kathy . during the song , will intercut the follow scene Simpson Zelda , who 's that litt Le girl on the right ? «= she look familiar . Phillips ( the dance director ) oh , . I want to talk to you about she - I have feature '' she before in 1o % ts of nightclub show . Simpson that 's probably where I have see ner . Phillips she would be very good for the ppart of Zelda 's kia ' sister , . Simpson say ~- that ! a good idea . Zelda ( jealous , and ' try to seem offhand ) Mr. Simpson , do you really think so ? I would chink it should be someono not so old = uh = not so tall -- | cosmo - and not so pretty .. Excuse I ... ( he exit ) after the finish of " beautiful girl " number , cup to : Phillips ( call Kathy ) oh , Kathy , would you come over here a minute . I would like you to mect Mr , Simpson . Ho 's think of casting you as Zeldat kid sister , : . Kathy . oh , - why , that 's wonderful , Mr. simpson} Don ( enter with cosmo ) '' hey , Kathy ! ( oxcitedly ; run wp to they ) that 's Kathy selden ! 's '' Kathy ( start to go ) 's well , thanks ' anyway , mx. Simpson , .. it be nice of you , Simpson now wait . a minute -- what -- sing in the rain - chgs . - | + 523-51 pbs Kathy * 7x3 oh , that 's ail right , Mr. Simpson ... no neint in cont 'd discuss it any fupther . -- I be halfway off this ( 2 ) lot right now . Simpson what do you mean ? Kathy ( directly ) ' vwe22 , before Mr , lockwood refresh you memory , you might as well imow , I be the girl who hit miss Lamont with the cake . believe I , it be mean for Mr. locke wood } ( to Phillips ) I be sorry , sid , I should have tell you about it -~ Goodbye «= Don * just a second , miss selden . ( to simpson ) r.f. , what 's this all about ? Simpson ( get vting herrass ) . well , we be go to use miss ssldan in Zelda 's pichire , but if it will make you and lina unhappy -~ Don ( excited -~ look at Kathy ) unhapny ! I think it 's wonderful ! cosmo het be look for she for week , Don yeah ! : . Simpson -( to Don ) be you speak for lina too ? Don r.f. , the owner of the cocoanut Grove may do what lina tell he to -= but you be the head of this studio . '' Simpson ( intarrupt firmly ) yes + I be the head of this studio ... she 's hire ! and do not let lina know she 's on the lot . mow it 's all ' settle . take care of it , Phillips ! Cho exit ) : Kathy ( overjoy ) | oh , thank you , Mr. sirnson ! : ( she have listen to all this with great sur -- prise and be took at Don ) .- - cosmo glad you turn up , Kathy , we have boon look all over for vou . wa thoncht mavha utth that thrautne arm af varne sing in the rain - chgs . - 5=23 - 51 : ' Don thanks , cosmo Kathy have * you real Zy be look for I ? pu ? 703 coh ? ' D ( 3 ) sing in the hain . chus. 5~23-5l p48 bon 7x3 . I turn this town upside down . then I get the ° cor ntd New York office on it -. - 4 ) : ( kiddingly ) . I remember you would say the New York stage be - clamoring for you -- Kathy ( smile ) a slignt exaggeration - I be clamoring for the New . . York stage -- in fact , I start out for New York -- 7 . Don ( in the same vein , but warmly ) '' ah ~o you join up with a little travel shake - pearean troupe ~~ Kathy ( take it with a little laugh ) please Mr. lockwood =~ I be with a travel night club unit . we be strand in lubuque , Iowa -- . then the talky happen . I think there would be something for I in musical -- so back I come --- Don . you know , up to now I have not think much of the talky , but if that 's what bring you back here «- it 's the great invention since the wheel -- Kathy ( she guard up again now listen , Mr. lockwood -.. Don ( imitate she ) now Mr. lockwood - just because . you be a tig movie star do not mean a girl be ge to have lunch with you just like that ! ( drop it -- and ask ner winningly ) ' will you have lunch with I -- just like that ? 5 Kathy ( win over , smile up at he ) ure -- : / mce , ( he open the door - and they go out ) '' : : . th=73 . : . out ow the lot ~ ext - day py Don and Kathy start walk . Don ( with a flourish ) Main dining room -- right this way ! : Kathy be it all right for you to be see publiciy with I ? Don you mean -- lofty star with humble player ? , Kathy not evsetivewnnt fan tunak aan tb eran cmt ler 7 sing in the rain chgs . ( 6 -25—51 , pleo Don ( sincerely ) ois now look Kathy , all that stuff about Lamont and cont 'd I be sheer publicity , . ( 2 ) Kathy on , it certainly seeue more than that -~ from ' wnat I have read in the columm -- and all that article in the fan magazine -- . _ don’ ( caten she up ) oh --- you read the fan magazine ? Kathy ( try to get out of it ) oh -~ I -- uh ~ glance at they in the beauty parlor -- dentist 's office . ' ( break down ) . ' well , I only buy four or five a month , . ithey laugh ) and ~~ well -~ you do achieve a tind of intimacy in all you picture that would lead one to believe ~— . Don ( catch she again ) all my picture ? - Kathy I guess now that I think of it , I have see eight 's or nine of they on : Don ( quote ) . but I still insist —- " if you have see : one you have see they all " . Kathy laugh , then turn to he , sincerely , Don and Kathy be walk on the lot during the first part of the scene , and be pass various character who be on they way to duncan =~ possibly extras in indian , arab , costume , and dress extras ... they - stop walk as Kathy say the line ~-~ : Kathy : : I do say some awful thing that night , do not I ? Don I deserve they . of course , . I must admit I be pretty much upset . by they . '' * ( he look at she ) . so upset that I have not be able to think of anything but you ever since . Kathy ( look at he a little breathlessly ) I have be a little upset too , ( sing in the rain chgs. 6-25-51 Don ( very sincerely ) Kathy , I - - see you again , ..now that I have ++ : ( break off and start again ) 's Kathy + I be try to say something to you a but I be such a ham I = , well I just can not do it without the proper set , : : . Kathy what do you mean ? , . Don ( take she 's hand ) come in here , . they be in front of the large side door of one of the big stage , . he pulis open the.door + and they walk into the dark empty stage . : Kathy ( look around ) why it 's just a empty stage - Don * wait a second ! he run to a light switch - and pull it . a shaft of Light cross the floor . Don ( as if say " voila " ) moonlight ! he take she by the hand and lead she to a a ladder , he nelp she up and she sit . Don . milady be seat on she balcony - in a rise tre llise bower ! . . 's Don look around . go over to drink fountain and turn on the spout so the water splashes . Don nearby be hear the murmure tinkle of a silvery fountain ... : . ( not pull another switch ~ which light Kathy 's face . ) . add five hundred thousand kilowatt of stardust -~ ( turn on another switch - which light 's other beam , maybe pink ) just a soupeon of the soft haze of springtime ...! and --~ : : : ( he stoz and look at she . she look back at he lovingly ) you be lovely in the moonlight , Kathy ... even lovelier than you look in ny dream -— ~ Kathy ( almost pleadingly , half , iwohimsical ) ~ now = can you say it ? P,50 I cont 'd 3 ) sing in ' fhe rain chgs . 6-25-51 - p , soa don and '' kathy ~ musical number = " you be 75.96 = mean ? for watt after the number they be feel very close , suddenly a messenger boy run wp . Messenger Boy ( call ) mri lockwood ! mr.' locinood ! : Don ( not quite hearing ) 's yes ? . Messenger Boy : o Mr. Simpson 's wait for you , Mr. lockwood ~~ duell cavlier rehearsal ! : . . : 1 we , sing in the rain chgs . 5m28~5l° pl sl Don ( come out of daze ) 75 - 76 - huh ? --- yeah ~ < — I will be right there ! ' read ' D : jf C the boy go . . Don well , Kathy ( also in a daze of ' closeness ) I would better get back , too , I =- -- enjoy my lunch . : . Don . so do i. ( he take she hand ) well --- Kathy I really have better get to my rehearsal . after all , it seem I have a part in a picture --- unless what happen this morning do not 's really happen , Don of course , it do --- and there 's lot more to '' come , Kathy . you be really go place , well -= see you in the movie . ( he can not let she go ) you know , in the movie wi nen boy leave girl he always kiss she as if he be not go to see she for a long , long time . Kathy will this be for a- long time ? . Don Ages -- till dinner . ( he xiss she lightly ) let 's try to remember to have sole food with we dinner '' -— shall we ? they part go in opposite direction , bill board of don's picture 630 . Kathy pass the bill board on the lot . she — stop and stare at it lovingly . musical * mnumber ~ Kathy ~ " you be my lucky Star " , variety headline . oo 76k . duell cavaliar shoot tomorrow , sing in the rain ches« . fn 29 = 51 : the studio we see the studio be convert to sound . we see sound equipment be move into the stage . a sound stage be padded . the door to a vocal coach 's office with a sign ' read " vocal coach - Phoebe dinsmore 's . dinsmore's office - int - Day there be a vowel chart on the wall and miss dinsmore be teach lina the sound . she speak in a well - round tone -- typical buxom , . fruity ~voice diction teacher . : dinsmore ( point to chart ) ah .. oh == eee au 0000 a- : : lina ( repeat nasally ) : - ah -- oh - ={ eee =~ 0000 == . _ dinsmore no , no , miss Lamont = round tone ~ round tone ! now read you line 's -- . . line ( emote nasalily ) '' woeand I can not stand nim ! " dinsmore ( say line in full tone with English " cah not " ) a " oweand I ceh not stand he . " - : _. lina ( same as ever ) " aweand I can not stand he . '' dinsmore " cah not " lina ycanttt = os '' dinsmore " cah n'tt - * 7 lina ( more nasally than ever ) " cah not " ? dissolve to : p.52 76x3 76x4 76x5 out of ) sipped he snifter ! sing in the rain / chess. 529-51 '' p.53 ind . diction coach office | 76x6 Don have be give diction ' lecture by a teacher , 7 Don cah not - cah not , . teacher good . now . around the rock the rugge rascal run . Don around the rock . the rugge - = teacher ( interrupt ) rrrrrrock = rrrrrrock . Don around the rock the rugge rascal run . teacher now - = " sinful caesar sipped he snifter - - - " . . cosmo ( enter ) hi ya , Don . Don hi ya , cosmo . . teacher ( with a look of disdain | at the interruption ) shall I continue ? Don oh yes . go ahead , do not mind hin . teacher '' sinful caesar sipped he snifter ; seize he imee and sneeze " = . Don . " sinful caesar snipped he sifter — " teacher ( interrupt ) | cosmo sipped he snifter . do . ( take from teacher ) Don " sinful caesar sipped he snifter ; seize he kmee and sneeze . " 's | teacher marvelous , marvelous ! : . '' sing in the rain '' chgse . 529-51 p.53a cosmo , ( clap hand 6x6 : enthusiastically put satirically ) , cont'd marvelous ! ° '' ( 2 ) teacher ( veaming at cosmo for agree with he . ) Charlie choose chestnut , cheddar cheese with chewy chive . he chew they and he choose they - he choose they and chew they -- that : chestnut , cheddar cheese and chive in cheery charming chunks , boy nod head on accented syllable ~ mimick and kid . teacher finish , : ay do take of gisgust , say , " humphh " '' and to go on into o. teacher " mose suppose he toese be rose but mose suppose erroneously - but mose he knowse he foese be be not rosé - as mose suppose he . toese oo be . Don : " mose suppose he toese be rose but mose . suppose erroneously - but mose he kmowse he toese be not rose - as mose suppose he toese to be '' — cosmo ( jump in on second nas in rhythm ~ Don catch up the gag Don and cosmo ( together ) mose suppose he toese aré rose but mose suppose erroneously - . . cosmo a mose be a mose - . '. _ Don a rise be . a rise = . cosmo a toe be a toe - both whoop de do de doodle , both go into the song . sing in the rain chgs . 5-29-51 p.535 big sign " quiet " ~ ext . day a int . SOUND stage 78 the sign be on the door to a stage . we go inside and hear several voice shouting " quiet i " " quiet " " guiet " . | everything be still and we see the same garden set from " the dueling cavalier " . lina be in o -. 's place on a bench , dexter be tiptoeing about and pantomime direction to Don ; who nod . the cameaa be enclose in a glass booth with the sound apparatus , and there be also a glass window on one wall back of which there be further recording apparatus . dexter get a signal from the engineer in the booth , Don make he entrance and start the scene as before , go to lina . lina ( she usual voice , but say the word much too . - ; carefully ) vi‘ , oh , Pierre , you should not have come ; you be i flirt with danger . you head be much too valuable -- NY - wel 52 the sound engineer gesture to dexter . . dexter ( shouting ) cute . they break out of scene . Don what 's the matter , dexter ? dexter ( go over to lina , impatiently ) it 's lina ! look , lina -~ remember what I tell you . there 's a microphone there in the bush ! - ( he point to a bush next to the bench ) yeah ? hina dexter you have get to talk into it . . lina . iwas talk . be not I , miss dinsmore ? miss dinsmore come run over to lina . miss dinsmore . yes , my cear , but please remember " round " tone . ( she start lina 's line in full tone ) '' Pierre '' not '' : ( she make a very nasal tone ) " plerre " , : ( she do the whole line ) '' Pierre , you should not have come . " lina ( attempt to imitate the round tone , . but she usual voice come . out ) " plerre , you should not have come . " dexter ( heatedly ) hold that a second !. now} lina , look -- here 's the mike , right here in this bush . he reach inside the bush , pull up a microphone on a wire .. lina yeah ? . : dexter ( as if to a small , backward child ) now you talk towards it -- the sound go through this cable to that tox . a man record it on a big record in wax . but you have get to talk into the mike first ! in the busn ! now try it again . poy 96 cont 'd ( 2 ) well -51 p.55 j - lina ( bored ) mo 7 C Zou gee , this be dumb . . . gy ? Don ( good-humoredly ) she will get it , dexter , do not worry , lina . just a little nervous -~ first day . everything 's go to be great ! he be obviously in high spirit . lina smile up at Don adoringly . 3 . : Don to al oo oh , by the way , roscoe -- this love scene come , . up - " imrerious princess of the 'hight " -- I : oo do not like the line there . be it all right if i. just say what I always do . " I love you , I love . you , I love you -- " * dexter . sure . anyway it 's comfortable , but into the mike , ~ huk ? okay , again ! : . the shout ) : quiet ! Three assistant repeat the word : " cutet !! '' quiet " quiet " , : ( * dexter Roll ‘em ! shot ~ inside camera boote 79 . look out , we see lina - say she line , and she move she head away from the bush , we hear the SOUND come into the booth , fade . . . lina : '' oh , Pierre , - you -- come -~ danger -- head be much --— : oo dexter | . . oo > cut shot - on set . 80 : dexter ( clutching he hair ) . lina , we be miss every other word ! talk into . : the mike ! . ~ . . lina 's well , I can not make love to a bush . dexter ( distract ) okay , okay , we will think of something -- ntssatvr + 4-11-51 on set a wardrobe woman be finish sewing a cor - sage to the center of the bosom of lina 's dress . , lina what be you do ? wardrobe woman you be be wire for sound , honey . lina what ? miss dinsmore , now remember , miss Lamont , waten out for that dentalize " d 's " and " % ! 5 ! and that flat . vatst , lina everybocy 's pick on I . dexter okay , lina now look at this flower , see ? tne point * 9 corsage ) the mike be in here , ttli catch whatever you ' say . let 's hear how it sound . we see that the wire go down inside lina 's dress and cut the tottom of she skirt onto the floor . . shot ~ inside booth lina start she line and through the whole thing we hear a loud even thumping SOUND . lina " " oh , plerre , you should not have come . you be flirt with danger . " " dexter what 's that noise ? engineer the mike 's pick up she heart beat . dexter '' swell . dissolve : _ on set the corsage be now on lina 's shoulder . the wire ctill run inside the neck of she dress &2 83 411-51 p57 and down under she dress to the floor .. 83 , cow ?'d dexter oo ( 2 ) that 's right , that should do it . okay . now , lina , : do not make any quick jerzy movement or you might - disconnect the mike . okey , let 's go ... lina , annoyed , adjust the wire under she seat . dexter quiet ! oo . again there be the echoe of " quiet ! " o texter '' Roll ' ent . they start the scene again . shot - simpson tiptoeing ' onto the stage 8 re see what 's go on . and smile approve - iy , we hear the scene go on under this . . Simpson notice a wire on the floor near the set . . : . - : Simpson ( whisper to a workman ) i hey , someone 's go to trip on that wire . 5 ' workman + Simpson it 's dangerous . . workman try to stop he , but Simpson get there first , cend down and pull the wire . it be the wire connect to lina 's mike , and she be pull head over heel from the bench . she scream wildly and general pande - ~ oo ' monium result . . : ; dissolve : | oo. , theater marquee - ext . night = rain . - 85 sign read " Major Studio . preview " , car on STREET ~ ext . night 86 car pull up . in it be cosmo , Don , and . Kathy . ee : costio 86 . pull up over here , Henry , . cont 'd . ( they get out . ) . ( 2 ) the STREET - ext . nigh . 87 cosmo you two have better not go into the theatre together - ' Don yeah . lina 's probably wait at the dcor -- ( take Kathy 's hand ) : Kathy --how I wish -- Kathy ( warmly ) bo not worry , Don . I will be lead the cheer | squad in the balcony . ( she blow he a kiss and . go ) dissolve : shot . insile the a 88 in the last row . - of ' the darken house we see ton , lina , cosmo , Simpson and dexter . the preview be about to begin . the screen : &9 all through the next sequence we will be culting away from the screen from time to . time , but the SOUND and dialogue of the picture will continue throughout .. . title 100 % all talk . tee duelling cavalier with Don lockwood and lina Lamont shot ~ audience 90 there be applause . ' tie hear the husky tone of early record sound play the Romeo and juliet overture . the principal ex - change confident look . / well-51l 2.59 shot = screen . , ol a handsome scene in the french Palace . down the grand hall come lina as yvonne , a french noblewoman look beautifully regal , flanke by she lady - in-wait . she be pen ively toy with a string of pearl around she neck . there be a terrific noise come from the screen , . shot - last row . 92 , Simpson what 's that - the thunder storm outside ? : dexter it 's that pearl , Mr. Simpson , seot = screen | % lina ( she be mouth she word carefully , but the same cld latont voige - emerge from this regal figure ) I be the noblest lady of the court . second only to the Queen . yet I be the saddest of mortal in : France . lacy-in-Waiting ( in a beauti - fully modulate voice ) - why , what be the matter , milady ? yana I be so . downhearted , theresae my father have I be ~ trothed to Baron dé land ield and I cah not stand hin . the ' cah not " come out very british , bet - the " stand " be very flat and nasal . . Lady -in-Wait but he be such a catch . all the lady of the court wish they be in you pretty shoe , ' lina ( sadly ) _ ky heart belong to another ~ Pierre de bat ttaille ( she voice on screen continue as we CUT to audience ) ever since I meet hin , z cah not get he out of ny mind . cur to : _ audience oe a . ott two usher giggle . yell -52 p.60 one girl : oh she sound just like my cousin poil . . . eee . 2 shot - lina ( in audience ) , : 95 lock very pleased . ina ' . L sound good ané loud , nuh ? : CUT to : projection booth 96 two man in booth be busy with sound appara - tus . we see a pile of record on a machine . . man who invent this , anyway ? '' ituse to catch up on my sleep up here . . - . . CUT back to : screen 97 we see the Garden scene . Don enter . , lina ( still move she head back and forth , cause the sound to fade ) " Pierre , you should -~- flirt --- danger , you head be -- - " . cur to ; audience -. last row : 98 Simpson be look grin . : : dexter — : she never could remember where the microphone be , boss . : : : CUT back to : screen 799 Don have make a bound entrance to lina 's side in the silent movie tradition , and now inhis first line enunciate much too carerully as if to a deaf person , exaggerate he diction and accompany it by he usual bravura gesture , all of which make he look and sound rather * . 4ell -51_ Don ' tis cupid himself that call I here , and I , smitten by he arrow , must come charge to you side despit e the threat of Madame la guillotine . dina but the night be full of we enemy . ( she lean toward ‘him and tap he with she fan on the shoulder . the tap sound ' like cannon shot ) . . cur to : . audience . Boy ( ealling out ) hey , lina , whatcha hittin ' he with -- a blackjack ! there be laughter from the audience and shushing .- : CUT back to : screen Don ( kissing lina 's hand ) imperious princess of the night , I love you . lina oh , Pierre ! '' : , Don I love you ! lina " oh , Pierre ! : Don ( cover she arm with kiss up to she neck ) ' t.love you ~ I love you - I love you '- I love you -' I love you ~- I love you - I love you = I love you '+ i love you - ' . . UT to : audience they start to laugh . cosmo do someone > get padd for 's write that dialogue ? CUT to : $ '' core 'd ( 2 ) 100 '' 102 . 102 '' oy yall-5l° p.e2 lobby - a : 203 we hear the sound of laughter fron inside the theater , a man stop and ask the ticket - taker what 's go on . sound like a comedy inside . ticket - taker it 's a lockwood - Lamont talkie . — : man : . what ? '' - woman ( leave theater ) , be be terrible !. . . cur to : ° '' screen , : ok we see a duel scence , and hear very heavy clanxing sound accompany by terrible groan and grunt . the enemy flee , a : messenger run to Don and give he a note . 's , Messenger .& message , Pierre ! ? suddenly there be terrible noise in the sound track . the screen flash white a . - second anc then the image return . it be , bon speak . the peculiar sound stop , but the sound track be now slightly ahead of the image . : : CUT to : audience : ws oo , Simpson what 's that ? . dexter the sound ~ it 's out . of synchronization . Simpson tell they to fix it ! . : CUT back to : I | '' | we hell-51 163 screen : _ 2106 ton ( he mouth and action a few beat behind the sound ) a , it be you , grisi . a message for I ? a ( he read he note ) '' what 's this - yvonne ! capture by rouge noir - the purple terror ? : ( he be emote fiercely ) oh - oh my sword ! I mast fly to she side . yvonne , yvonne - my own ! , . the scene shift to lina in the villain 's clutches . the sound be still out of synch . , so that when the villain speak , lina 's voice seem to issue from he meuth , and so forth through the scene . , villain ( lina 's voice ) take you hand off I . lina ( villain 's voice ) now you be in my power . . villain ( lina 's voice ) ' pherre will save I ! Pierre ! lina ( villain 's voice ) Pierre be mile away ! hch , heh , heh ! : villain ( line 's voice ) no , ho , no ! '' . : cur to : aud ince oe os 107 . lo Simpson ( distract ) 7 somebody , do something ! of : CUT back to : screen oe of " 308 ' lina ( villain 's voice ) , heh , heh , heh ! : : villain ( lina 's voice ) no , no , no ! , Don enter . , Don ( lina 's voice ) _ Pierre , Pierre , save may : 's bell -51 p.6l . lina ( Don 's voice ) 108 € . unhand she , you monster ! oora ' D : 2 ' villain ( lina 's voice ) Pierre , I love youl ! there be more noise on the sound track and the slow down word " Pierre de batteailie " be hear descend into a bass 's key as the screen slow to a stop , show Don in a arrest pose , cUr to : o so a . oo lossy 109 -- we principal be stand at the back , look - ing crush and stunne , except for lina , who go not seem to kmow what 's go on . we erar the sound of leughter , hiss and boo . . come from inside . people be come out , : woman oh , this be a scream . ' : : : man : : give I picture like " the Jazz Singer " . Boy gnitate Don ) " I love you - I love you - I love ~ " Simpson open the door and stick he head in ginerely . we hear issue from the screen do not voice say : '' I love you - I love - . you - I love you . " Simpson slam the door and herd they all over into a corner . . Simpson ( utterly deject ) 's be ruin - we be all ruinedct oo Don ( sturine and very low ) - - CO - you can not release this picture ! : . well-51 . Simpson I have get to , it 's boot to open in six week all over the country . ( look cround for reassurance , with a force . snile ) but you ~ you be such big star - maybe it will get by , huh . : his suiie fade as people come pour out of the theatre and they overhear the comment , people I - never want to see that loc!nrood and lanont agnin - this be horrible - " the Jazz Singer " = yeah + musical picture - terrible ! . this be ah 16 worst picture ever make ! . lina ( brightly ) I like it ! they all exchange 'a beat look . : : dissolve to : don's house ~ int . Don and cost : be seat dejectedly in Don 's vast , ornate live roon . : Don ( surveying he finery in @ state of acute depression ) well , take a last look at it . it will be up for auction in the morning cosmo you be out of you mind . it 's Saturday . Mo bank . be go to foreclose wtil ijiondcy norn . at this point Kathy enter and ruse over to they , - Kathy ( ont ubre .cing Don ) Don , darling , be you all right ? : ' Don cvezylow ) sure ~ sure , ; _ Kathy oh , doa , it be not that bad ! cosmo ( with fa ise brightness ) that 's what I have be try to tell nin . p.65 109 cont 'd ( 2 ) 1o9x2 to with ny p66 . ee 4ell -51 . Don ( sincerely ) oy mosk . - do not try to kid I , once they release this °° contid nrough . , the '' + ( 2 ) picture , lockwood and Lamont be +! picture 's a-museum piece - I be a museuri piece , kath ( roassuringly ) well , thing go wrong with the sound , just get the technical end straighten out - and re-do a couple of scene and - Don ( shaking he head ) it be not that . look , this be very sweet of : you -- it 's sweet of beth of you . I suess : . oo you be the only two people in the world I can bear to show my face to - but something happen to ue tonight . sverytn you ever say about I be true , Kathy . Kathy ‘( warnly ) : oh , Don , you know I never mean that thing . I think you be wonderful ! Don ( honestly crush ) no , it no actor . I - never be . just a lot of dumb show ~ a shadow = a big balloon - blow up y own importance . woli , lighten strike - the big balloon have burst . now I lmow for the first tine what I really be -= nothing . ~ coszio well , at least he 's talsing it lie down . ' Don ( with a wry smile ) no kid , cosmo , do you ever see anything as idiotic as I on that screen tonight ? cosmo ° - un - how about lina -- Don ( with e Little laugh ) 11 right , I run she a close second . laybe it . . . be a photo finish . I be through , fella , m o ° Kathy ( earnestly ) : Don , you be not throuch } : ' cosrio — of course not ! why , with you look and you figure + you could drive a ice wagon ~ Kathy ( pick it up ) - or shine . shoe ! , : non coszo ( expansively ) block hat + sell pencil ! damp rag . ye11-5l - p.67 Don ( he spirit buoy up ayy ses enter into the spirit of '' 33 it . or worse still = try and so baci : into vaudeville . 3 ( stand up and shout gaily ) Goodbye " lockwood and Lamont " ! mello " lockwood and 's cosgrove " ! ' cosmo ( leaping to nis foot and dash to the piano ) hey ! welre on ! they do a line or two of " fit as a fiddle " , o Don lose the mood suddenly and sit dow again . 's Don ( depressed again ) too bad I do not do that in " the duell cavalier " , they might have like it . . _. Kathy ( suddenly lighting up ) well , why do not you ? . , Don . ' kothy make a musical ! '' / Don no. , sosno ( get excited at I the idea ) ' sure ! liake a musical picture ! the new Don lock - wood = he yodel ! he junp about to music ! . Don ( bitterly ) after " duell cavalier " they would not cone to see my jump off the woolworth Building into . a cosno ( slowly , thintce ) Walt 2 second = why do not you turn " buell cavalier " into a musical , . 's Don that 's impossible .. cosno ( warming up ) why ? youfve get six week before it 's release ! Kathy : sure , Don ! add some song and dance , trin the bad scene , add a couple of new one = cosmo ( enthusiastically ) and youltve get it ! Don ( beginning to be encour ged ) yeah ! but do you think I can do it ? . Kathy of course , you ean do it ! cosmo tt 's a cinch ! Don ( now completely excited ) '' you be right ! the picture can be save ! it 's a musical ! . cosno ( blow he top ) hot dog ! halieluja ! . . Don listen , if we can pull this off ~ this day will go down in history for I -- narch 23rd { : ' cosno no , it 's the 2th ! Don 2eth ? osmo . ndy ! it 's morning ! 2q sure , it 's 1:30 alre £ Port : Kathy what 2 lovely morning ! bxeitedly they be in high spirit . they go into uusical number " good lorn " . musical nuiber - " good ioriting " after the number Don start happily make he plan . . Don now - the first thing we have to do on the picture be -- . .- . '. {he stop suddenly and look stricken ) . wait a second = 2 can do it , but how about linal they all look at each other , : cosno ( deflate ) . yeah , lina - she can not act - can not sing '' can not ' dance , a triple threat , ~~ they be depressed again . bel1s51 p.68 09K1 cont'd ce ) 110 will we ll I say sing ! well=5l — p.69 . Kathy ( after a moment , , | lim laugh a little ) cont'd I think I like she best wnon the sound go . ( 2 ) off and she say -- ( she miriic the bass voice that cane out of the sound tracis ) '' heh , heh , heh " , : cosmo ( imitate lina 's high voice that come out of the villain 's mouth ) | " no , no , no } ! -_ Kathy ( again ) . , oo '' hen , heh , heh . " they laugh ruefully . vosno ( si uadenty byightentag up ) wait a second !. I be about to be absolutely | brr-illiaat ! : : : after this pronovncenent he run to the piano and give order . : cosmo Kathy , sing ! . '' Kathy ( puzzle ) huh ? : *' cosmo a she start to sing a little of the song they just do . ' cosmo now , Don , keep you eye rivite on ay face ! as she sing , cosmo mouth in perfect synchroni-= '' zation with she sing and . it look as though the sound be come from hin , cosno ( to Don ) . well - convincing ? - : . : " Don ( lightly ) ' enchant , . : cosmo ( enthusiastic and ine patient ) . do not you get it ? yeall=51 . :. Don ( suddenly ) wait ! sure I get it ! use Kathy 's voice 's ! i '' lina just nove she '' nouth ond _kathy ! 's voice cone out sing and talleing for she . : : . Kathy that 's wonderful ! ' Don ( suddenly sober ) '' ne , Kathy , ' I could not det you do it Kathy why not Don - why , you would not be see , you would be throw away you own career , Kathy ( all wound up ) it have nothing to do ' with my career ! it 's just for this one picture , the important thing now be to save the duell cavalier , save loclewood and ' Lamont i  . / Don ( reassure ) : that 's true ! you would only be do it for this ' one picture . but can it - get by ? : Kathy of course it can ! and there must be a way to work the dance , . . Don ( he brain fire with enthusiasn end nis spirit up ) sure ! I will just dance crownd lina and teach she how to take a bow ! tomorrow . we go to rf . and spring this : on hin together . Kathy : ' Don , you be a genius | : ( she kiss hin enthusic . stienlly ) cosno ( with mock bitterness ) yeeh , I be glad you though . of it . : . Kathy ( xissing hin and . . laugh ) . oh , cosno ! Don . | listen , kid , there be two geniuse in this roon and t'yi not one of the ! - cosmo , you be great ! Kathy . - / you be wonderful | 5 che ness she ) p.70 ' llixl - cont 'd ( 3 ) . '' really ? from where I stand the sun be shine all : over the place . : ! yell-5sl pl7 cosmo dash to the piano and sta nts play= - '' 111x % 1 ing the " Romeo and juliet " love thene , * ay 's Don . , cos , this be one scene I do not need nood nusic for , . ( they kiss again as cosmo smile happily ) dissolve to : kathy' house ext , : ~ 111x2 oo outside Kathy 's door it be still raining .- , Don walk she to the door , : Don ( lovingly ) ' good night , Kathy , soe you in the morning . Kathy ( pull up he . collar ) . good night , and take care of that throat . you be | a big sing star now , renomber ? the California daw be a little heavier than usual tonight . Don ( they kiss and he walk down the atroet ) 1 musical ' number '' dom = " singing ut ts + le ral . ey {ie sing in the rain - oo , chgs. 5-23-51 p72 . . . . . 113 - , ' 115 . we int . simpson' office _ 209x2 dissolve into Simpson behind though desk . pull back to inch ude cosmo and Don in front 's of the desk , '' gin pson why , that 's wonderful -- that 's wonderful ! ( get up ) now look , we will keep the wiol ching secret until we be ready to release , just in case it do not come off , but , I 'ma little worried about lina . she do not like miss selden . ' there might be firework , Don i guarantee you lina will not even lmow she 's on . the to ! : Simpson ( convine '' and excited ) okay , boy ! this be great ! the " duell cavalier " can be save ! ( he jump : to he foet - and start pace back and forth , think excitedly ) " . let 's see =~ " duell cavalier " ' with music - the title . the title 's not right . we need a musical ~ title . cosmo ? cosmo ( jump to he foot and start to pace also ) how about - the " duell mammy " -~ uh , no , no = ( silence while they pace ) I have get it -- ( they all stop pace and stare at he ) '' uh , no , no , no , no === - they resume pace . cosmo clap he hand : - jubilantly stop everyone again , cosmo ( triumphantly ) " the Dancing cavalier ! he Simpson ( jubilant ) . the " Dancing cavalier ! " that 's it ! that 's groat ! cosmo , remind mo to make you a script writer , . : cosmo ( off-handedly ) thanks , rf . - -* Simpson have a cigar they resume pace in opposite étrection , chew on cigar . sing in the rain chgs . 5423-51 p73 Simpson os 1sx2 '' but what about the story «= we want to have o. cont 'd modern musical number , cosmo ? ( 2 ) - cosmo ( think quickly with a feel that he can do no wrong at this point ) let 's see -+ how 's this ? we throw a modern section into the picture . the hero be a modern young hoofer in a Broadway show . right ?. Simpson - right . '' cosmo he sing , dance += right ? Simpson . right . cosmo well , one night backstaga he 's read " the Tale of wo city " between number soe ? «=~ a sandbag fall on he head —- and he dream he !s back during the french revointion ! this way we get in modorn . dance number , but in the dream part we can use all the costume stuff . -- right ? . Simpson ( more excited ) sensational } cosno , remind I to giva you a raise , " cosmo oh , R. fp , == Simpson - , yes . '' . oo - . ( " + cosmo give I a raise . . . dissolve 70 : SOUND stage for record ing - int . '' 16 _ Kathy be at the microphone on though recording stage sing " would you " , there be a full orchestra present with cosmo conduct and Don watch she . Kathy sing one chorus of the song , Don be stand beside she and she sing . be direct at . he = dissolve to : ~ and cane , sing in the rain - . chgs. 5222552 pl a revearsal hall ~ int . 117 we see the playback machine and hear Kathy 's . voice sing " would you " , lina be mouth the word as Don and cosmo loak on . lina be have trouble with the synchronization . int . SOUND stage : os 17k lina be in a 18th century garden set contin- wing the ' song . as titi camera pull back , we see the company shoot . dissolve to : lina in costume : _ 118 lina be in the same 18th century Garden set continue the song and as the camera pull back , we sce it be a scene from the picture project on the sereen in the projection room . Simpson , Don and cosmo watch until the end of the number . Simpson ( happily ) it 's perfect ! that selden girl be great ! when the picture be release I be go to 's give she a big build - up ! Don ; how much be there leave to do ? Don : one more scene -~ and a number leave to shoot . 's ° . Simpson : what number ? ' the Don it 's a new one <= for the modern ' nart of the pic - ture -- Broadway melody , I have get on a high hat = ( he pick up a nearby feel hat ) as Don begin to prance about - : ; dissolve to : number - broadway melody , 118X21 Don perform Broadway melody in high hat and tail on the set . during the number we get a shot or two of though cameras photograph it . dissclvz to : sing in the rain - : chgs. 9023-51 p75 int . = looping room . '' 1 1196 120 . this be a room where error in dialogue can be ' . correct , the actor watch and listen to a line on the screen and then match the tin- be : ing , can record a new read . Don and Kathy be stand in front of a microphone with ear | phone on and watch the screen which be place : high on one wall . the room be quite dark , : across from the screen be the booth where cosmo ' sit , make the recording , and check the reading . near the screen , a red light flash . . , cosmo 's Voice ( from inside booth ) all right . lett try it , Kathy & Don ready . lina 's Voice ( from screen ) fosh can keep as apart . we love will last till ... , the star turn cold , oo ( rod light and buzzer ) . . nothing can keep as apart . we love will last till oy ) the star m co fa . cosmo all right , Kathy - go shoad . as lina 's : image come on the screen , '' Kathy say , . the line , a Kathy ae nothing can keep we apart , we love will last till . the star turn cold , ° : m : : co cosmo 's Voice : a great ! perfect ! bo woe oo , '° the light come up and ' Don look at Kathy .. we Don . till the star turn cold -= — ( he kiss she sortiy ) . I love you , Kathy . Kathy . Don , I -- — & / Don : . qo ) Kathy , I can not wait till this picture be finish . so . then , no more secrecy =~ I be go to let lina know «= 's let éveryone kmow - ad sing . in the rain - . chgs. fn23-51 p76 Kathy ( hapoily ) 1l9 - you fan will be bitterly disappointed - / .- 120 : -. 23 qont'd Don ( lovingly ) : : ( 2 ) from now on there 's only ono fan I be worry . about -= as ' they kiss , the door be flung open and in come tind and Zelda , , Zelda ( point to Don and ' " Kathy ) there ! . ont lina ( rogister the scene ) . ' Zelda what do I ' toll you , lina ! a lina ( beside herself ) '' oh , Don ! Zelda ~ ' thanks , you be a real palt ' Don now lina -~ lina ( furious ) i. want that girl off the lot at once ! she 's not go to be m a voice ! Zelda tell I everything t Don thanks , Zelda z you be a real pal «= . Zelda ( sweetly , exite ) anytime , Don = , tof Kathy now look , miss Lamont - Don and - lina ( hurt and angry ) Don ! do not you call he " Don " ! I be call hin " Don " before you wero bear -= !$ i* mean -= oh ! you be kissing he ! : : , - Don ( get work up ) i iwas kissing her{ ' I happen to bo in love with she . . lina that 's ridiculcus} ! everyone know you be in love with I ! : . Don now , lina , try and understand this -- I be go to marry she . ' lina . . silly poy = she 's not the marrying kind . sho 's : just bub tat esp ib echReseh 2 t gg by g tra ae to " gdd ising sing in the rain - 's chgs. 5 - 23 - 51 = p,77 she turn to go , when cosmo come out of 119 = booth . . 120 : cont 'd ' osmo ( 3 ) ci you be a little too late , lina - the picture 's all finish - and if this girl be not in the picture you would be finish too ! - lina as far as I can see , she 's the only one who 's finish | who will evor hear of she ! . Don everybody ! why do you think Zelda 's in a sweat ? because Kathy nearly steal this picture from she <= and be get second lead in the next ! lina ( surprised ) ' she be ! Don she 's just do you a favor help you on " Dancing cavalier " -- and she 's get full sereon credit for do it ! lina ( explode ) : what ! you mean it 's gonna say on the sereen that I do not sing and talk myself ! Don of course + what do you think ! . , lina ( the realization : sink in ) they can not do that ! Don ' it 's already do , lina but no one know about it yet w- | Don . > . they will -- there 's a whole publicity campaign i be plan ! . lina ( outrage ) os publicity ! they can not make a fool out of lina iamont ! they can n?t make a laugh stock out of lina Lamont ! ' that do they think I be -- dumb or something ! why + I make more money than -' than «-° calvin coolidge <= put together ! ( she stamp out ) dissolve to : sing in the rain - . chgs. , wb 23-51 '' pl 78 83 '' 121 - 128 we newspaper headline : , ' 129= ae 131 " Simpson say ys lina . greatest singing , dancing STAR " , by dora bailzy " duelling cavalier now ? dancing cavalier " '' lockvood - lanont sing , dance ! simpson' office - int , a '' 132 Simpson and publicity man . Rod be read from a paper . Simpson look stunne and angry . Rod ( read ) co '' monumental picture wildly enthusiastic over -~ lina 's sing pipe and dance stem " = _ ' Simpson rt ' never say that | - Rod ( read ) - : " promtere tomorrow night to reveal lina Lamont big musical talont . " boss , you , can not pulla_ . switeh like this '' on the publictty department | " what ? sing in the rain name chg , '' 5=3 -51 ploe other publicity man '' 2 | ge we be all prepare for the campaign on Kathy - cont'd Sands and then you do this ! at least keep we ( 2 ) inform '' . : Simpson . now wait a second fella -- I do not kmow anything . about this ! I have nothing to do with it ! " Rod well , what be we go to do ? lina flounce in carry the papers , with she picture and the article in then . : lina ( answer he happily ) nothing ! you would not want to call the papers and say lina Lamont be a big fat liar ! . : 's Simpson . ~ lina ! do you send . that stuff out ! lina ( very pleased with sos herself ) . / : ; I gaye a exclusive story to every . paper in town . 1 . . Simpson co a lina you will never get away with this +- rod. call . the papers back . .. oe id ' lina . I would not do that if I be you ryef . wo . . Simpson do not tell I what to do lina ! . a lina . sos , what do you think I be - dumb or something ' ? I have . _ my lawyer go over my contract ! a pls . sampson ( nervously ) Contract ! . ~ . : yeah -- and I control my publicity -- not you ! , Simpson ( angrily ) yah ? so ce , oo " lina a yah -- the studio 's responsible for every word print about I .. if I do not like it «= I can sue ! . ( pronounce . syoo ) : . Simpson ( shake ) + yes ? want I to change the name of the studio " to Lamont picture Incorporated ?. : . so. what ? ao e I sing in in the rain name che . o- 3 - sl. p85 lina 1132 if you tell the papers about Kathy Sands - it : - cont 'd would be - ( 3 ) ( very grandly , like a elocution : . student ) ~- " deteremental and deleterious to my career " «~ I could sue you for the whole studioi} ! ( hand he contract open to a certain page ) Simpson ( on the defensive ) that 's a lot of nonsense -~ lina ( triumphantly ) it say so -- right . here ! ( show he ; he pend to himself ) Contract date June & , 1925 - paragraph thirty - . four - subdivision le tter a -- the party of the_ first part -- that 's I ! ( he loek up at she ) Simpson ( beat ) : " you win lina -- . . : . , Rod : so we better take Kathy Sands ! credit card off the screen a= Simpson ( furious , and angry with himself ) L all right - all right w- let 's just get this , premiere over with !! eel ( the publicity man exit , he turn : to lina , displease and helpless ) | satisfied ? : : lina ( brightly ) - only one little thing more = Simpson ( sar castically ) lina ( very . big -ey ) oh rf. you be cute} iwas just think -- you have give this girl a part in Zelda 's . picture and you be go to give she a even . bigger one in the next ? 's Simpson lina ( innocently ) . so - : w- / 4f she 's do such a great job double for my voice - '' do not you think she would better go . - " on '' do . dust that == and nothing else ? 3 4ell - 5l p86 Simpson ( courst out ) >) 132 lina , you be out of you mind ! : a . lina ( with a edge ) . after all I be still more important to the studio than she be ! pimpson ( angry and uneasy ) lina , I would not do that to she in a million year . why you would be take that girl 's career away . people do not do thing like that ! : lina ( pull herself to full : o height ) " . people ! 44 , not people} I be a -- shi e search inthe paper she be hold for the quote she want and tread it triumphantly ) of - ~ " shimmer , glow star in the cinema firmament " it say so ~ right here } dissolve to : marquee of ' the egyptian theater - ext , - 9 - 33 , nigh ? coe the sign read : '' premiere tonight ~ all . singing - all talking ~ all dancing . don lockwood and lina lamont in ' the dancing cavalier . ' # cur tos inside theater a 134-235 on screen we show part of dialogue scene and " | mumber Kathy dub with Don . we also see lina sing to and with don. lina look .. and sound convincingly wonderful . in the oo audience de ant lina be . sit together watch , and slightly apart from they be . cosmo anc Kathy . ' Kathy ( vetehing Don and lina together } '' I think it 's go over wonderfully , be not it ? . ' , cosno | yeah . it 's too bad about the credit and the publicity . . / . . , Kathy oh , Don say not to worry about that . ' after / tonight it will all be clear up . : lo ' ' 4 1 , , they be better ' than ever , : lina , . you be terrific . lockwood and Lamont be . gonna be great than ever ! . . . " gee == it be good , be not 18 ? ell51 _ p,87 lina be sing . : sew Te reis . : : , . '' cont 'd woman in audience ( 2 ) isn % she great ! what a voice : - . . man another man leexwood 's a sensation . woman mo yes , but Lamont - . what a voice ! be not she : marvelous ? | . : have so oo Kathy , overhear this , begin to take troubled , on the screen , we see end of ' number and kiss - Don and lina look great together . it be the end of the picture . there be a wild ovation . : uo audience he 's great ! they be terrific ! ' doni lina ! etc. Don and lina come out on the stage to wild applause . they bow . backstage ~ in the wing 5 136 Don and lina come off into wing where they be greet by Simpson and Rod . there be frenzied applause o.s. from the audience continue throughout the scene . lina ( with a triumphant oe glint in ' she eye ) - wie . of o ' listen to they ! we be a sensation -- it 's the biggest thing since Ben hur ! Rod . . Don ( a little disturb , bat happy ) ee teenie Simpson ( also a Little disturb ) _ wonderful . Don ! it. ' work ! the public love you twos °- — : ay , : ey , what do you mean ! . home} that 's what you think . . 's sing in the rain name chg. 5a3-51 p,88 lina ( exuberantly ) " 236 's yer darn tootin ' they do ! . ty Rod '' meytre scream -- take another bow ! Don and lina exit onto stage . Kathy and cosmo enter . Simpson , rush to then , sincerely - : Simpson . congratulation , kid ! it 's a real smash ! we owe a lot to you . : , xa armly ) thanks . tay ow '' Don and lina come off into wing . Don ( rush to Kathy ) Kathy ! ( they embrace , he continue ) we make it ! : Kathy Don - it 's a miracle ! . Don cosmot cosmo great , Don ! ' lina , you be fabulous . ( pointedly ) you sing as well as Kathy Sands . , lina ( meaningfully ) yes -- and i'n go to for a long time ! Don ( turn to she suspicious - lina ( snap it out triun phantly ) . i mean she 's gonna keep right on double for meet Don ( tensely ) | listen , lina + I think that be what be cooking under that bleach curl of yours . now get this == . Kathy 's get a career of she own . we only do this just to save this one picture ! - . ' lina ( very coyly ) -.lina run out to stage for another bow and _ Don follow angrily . . . yell -5l ° p 89 '' cosmo ( to Simpson ) '' 136 lina 's get a Little carry away , be not cont 'd she , boss ~ ! 2 3 ) : '' + Simpson ( uncomfortably ) yes ~ yes , she be ! . Don and lina re-enter from svage . Don ( to lina ; burst with rage ) . listen , you boa constrictor - '' do not . get any . o " fancy idea . about the future . : . ( to Simpson ) : tell she , r.f . lina ( cut in savagely : as Simpson -fumble for word ) . never mind , r.f .! listen to that - applause out there ! tel for I ! for lina Lamont ! I be the . ' biggest thing since -~ the Big parade ! wait till -- the money start roll in ! you be not gonna give all that up cause a little nobody who no - body ever hear nothing about do not * want 'a be my voice . '' so Te . Rod ( quickly to the befuddle 7 . Simpson ) : poe she 's get something there , boss - itt a gold 's mind ! you get no choice ! Kathy ( cut through ) part of that choice be mine , miss Lamont ! I . just will not do ith : . : ' lina ( with heavy sarcasm ) you ' get a five year contract , honey - you will do what r.f. say ! : : : Don ( angry and incredulous ;- ae — to Simpson ) i oq well , r.f. , . whatsa matter ! - why do not you tell 5 on she oft ? . ' 1 Simpson ( daze and angry nat , ' himsel , shane - facedly ) : I do not imow ~ I be confuse ! this thing be so . wabige ie. i ( with a angry outburst ) '' get out there and take a curtain call ! woo Don and lina go on stage . lina flouncing out triumphantly and Don in a black rage . cosmo ( to Simpson with quiet |. '' eontempt ) : ' Simpson e= I once give you a = clear - can I have it back ? oo . ry _ wunning this studio ! | hat $ '' sing in the rain name chg. 5 - 3 - 5 . = p90 . Simpson ( almost on the verge . 136 : . of tear ) ; / covt'd now wait a minute , cosmo ~ | . . . 7 , of Don and lina re-enter from stage . ' liha ( with wild ecstasy ) listen to they - I be a avalanche ! : ( then , to Kathy in a taunting six - year - . old manner ) ha ~- Sands ~ you be stick ! Don ( to Simpson with icy fury ) look , r.f. , ie this happen ~ you can just get yourself another , boy - I will not stand for it . oh , don! Simpson ( pleadingly ) : t 's Kathy ( frighten ) do ' . . . tes Don ( decisively ) I mean it ~ you will make you lockwood - Lamont picture without lockwood ! . . lina ( with superb , sweeping moss contempt ) to so who need you ! . I will be twice as big without youl they would come to see I if I play opposite a monkey ! who be you , anyway ? iwas a big star when you be happy to break you leg for five buck a day ! - Simpson ( protestingly , . fumble for he vanish dignity ) now wait a second , lina ! Don 's a smash , too - I be go to say . a few word now = i'n still : : ' lina ( absolutely carry away '. mo as she turn on Simpson ) will I be not so sure ! you be the big Mr. producer -.° always run thing - run I ! well , from - now on I be run I . , 4s far as I be concerned , I be run the studio !! Simpson ( shocked ) | oe lina ! Lamont picture , Inc. huh ? lina , I ' think '' you have go a ' Little too far -- " lina '' arrogantly ) during + this there have be cry of : " speech speechi " fon oft screen audience . ( > a 4ell52 plol Rod ( shouting excitedly ) 136 rey , they be yeld for a speech ! . . > lina ( blow she top to Don ) a speech ! yeah -- - everybody 's be try to run thing -- run I <- you always make speech for I . 's well , ' tonight for the first time - .- I be gonna do ny own talk : I be gonna make the speech ! Rod ( hold she ) not do not do its ( de and cosmo exchange a quick look ) Don ( bland and sincere ) just a minute Rod , this be lina 's big night + and she 's entitle to do the talk - right ? right ! cosmo lina ( savagely ) you be darn rignt + right ! | she dash out - '' on stage , criumphantly . : . Don exchange a pleased 's look with cosmo as he follow she out , : Rod ( shouting after lina , . frantically ) . ' hey , stupid ! Don , do not let she talk } the stage . 137 lina be in front of the curtain at the microphone with Don stand beside she , the audience quiet down and she begin to speak , slowly and deliberately with a great lady graciousness , 's but in she own unmistak - ably flat and nasal tone . lina . . lady and gentleman ~ I cah not tell you how ' thrilled we be at you reception for - the dahneing '' cavalier ~- we first musicale picture together . if we bring a little joy into you humdrum live ' it make we feel . we hard work have not be in vain for nothing '' ~ bless you ail . yeah - that 's right o- : h-11-51 p92 shot of audience 238-042 during the speech we see people in the audience look puzzle at the sound of lina 's voice . one of they be dora Bailey , man in . audience hey , she do not sound that way in the picture . ' suddenly a voice ring out in the balcony . Voice hey , cut the talk , lina ! sing ! - all through the house the audience pick vp 's the cry of '' sing ! sing ! " : the stage : . ow 2he as lina hear the audience call she sud - denly look very frighten and horrify . she attempt to cover witha sickly smile as Don , look very pleased , bow to she geferentially and lead the audience in applause - go off the ' stage . voice ( o.s. ) a sine , lina ! sing a song ! lina look trap , hesitates , and then gesture to the audience indicate , " just a moment " , and attempt to smile graciously , run to the wing . : os 143 lina - in wing : : Da | lana ( to all dn general = in a panic ) , what be I gonna do ? tell them I gotta cold _ a frog -- or something , 's 4 : Rod ' Don with a glint in he . eye wait a second ! cosmo , r.f , -- I have get a idea +- Don , Simpson and cosmo go into a huddle as crowd voice o.s , continue to shout " sing =~- sing , linai " lina ( beside herself ) what be I gonna " do ? ~- what be I gonna do ? ' Simpson , Don and cosmo break huddle , ' sing in the rain name chg . . 5a3-51 Simpson ( also witha , newly acquire glint ) so lina ~ we have get it ~ it 's perfect ! now look -- there 's a microphone back of that curtain . Kathy will stand back there and sing for you . - Kathy ( shocked ) Don ! : ' Don ( with jaw set ) : fou " have get to do it , Kathy , -- this thing be too . g- cosmo ( excitedly ) yeah -- lina 's bigger than all of we - nothing — must stand in the way -- . lina ( hopefully ) you mean she will be back of the curtain -- sing =- - and I will be out front - make with the mouth like in the picture ? ' cosmo that 's it / Kathy ( furiously ) let I out of here } I will never do it ~ . lina ( wildly ) she 's gotta do it ! : . Simpson ( with mock sterness ) of course she 's gotta do it o. she 's get a five year contract with I ! - get over to that micro phone ~ Sands ! ~- . . '' . Kathy ( bewilder ) | oh. os Don ( icdly ) you hear he Kathy - doith . a ) Kathy ( turn on hin with hatre itll do it Don ! «= and I will never see you again - on or off the soreen . : : coe cosmo ( shouting ) get go . my Kathy exit to behind the curtain . lina ( with great joy ) well , at last somebody 's gettin ' some sense around here . thank you , do she flounce out on stage . '' va . p.93 143x1 cont 'd ( 2 ) Le stage '' lina walk out in front of cur ell -5l x9 , 1by smile and compose to mike tain as applause die down , there be a orchestra in the pit with 's orchestra leader . orchestra leader what be you go to sing , miss Lamont ? lina look hesi back of curtain curtain ) '' sing in the rain " - lina - in front tant for a moment . 145 Kathy ( whisper towards of curtain hb lina . er - " sing in the rain ' . to . : orchestra leader ' what key ? back of ' curtain a flat . 147 Kathy ( whisper ) front of curtain : oo = 148 a flat . lina the orchestra go : into the song . from the front we see lina apparently sing . . the ‘illusion be perfect . : a back of curtain et we see Kathy sing . _ . . > backstage - in the wing lo } & : ' . : : 's see Simpson , bon and cosmo watch . from this angle , we can see lina in front . of the curtain , the side 'of the curtain itself and Kathy in back of it , sing into the microphone . the three man be stand next to the curtain rope . Simpson ( smile a little ' mysteriously ) : Works perfectly , dos not it ? o , Don ( with a similar smile ) yeah . - ( he finger the rope affectionately ) Fine -- you_know this rope here remind I of — that scene I do in " the Prince of Pirates " -- Simpson ( innocently ) oh -- which scene be that , Don ? . Don _ : when the british flagship be persue we and --- — : . _ cosmo ( with ' mock admiration ) '' — os I remember ~ - that be a swell 's scene «~ Don ( with grow excite - ment ) yeah ~~ there I be on the ton deck ~~ '' a pirate ship be at anchor -- and then suddenly ~ . che jump up on a barrel ) =- suddenly I spy the bonnie Prince hal o. persue we with fifty cannon ! bon be now act to the hilt in a nexcite stage whisper . Don . : avast , man ! to the rope ! one -ey Simpson - oo leng John Brown -- to the ' rope I say ! simpsen and cosmo grab hoid of the rope . , Don one - two -- hoist away ! cosmo and Simpson start pull the curtain rope excitedly as we see the curtain begin to go up . Le full shot .~ stage ( as see from aud ience ) 251 the curtain be rise and we see lina , . oblivious of this ) , mouth . away into she ~ woe Hell -5l p96 mike , while behind she Kathy be reveal 151 in full view of the audience , sing away , cont 'd '' we hear the shocked gasp of the audience . . ( 2 ) kathy ~'on stage mo , '' 5 152 . : frightened and bewilder , but still sing , 's | . - . , °° dog nervously , she look towards the wing , - 1 'o over kathy' shoulder - toward wing " 153 mwe see Simpson , cosmo and Don , in panto - ~ mime , urging she to keep sing . all grin broadly . : : ' shot of audience / i lite lf the audience react in great surprise and — start to laugh .. : io , _ lina = on stage of ce 156 puzzle by the laughter , but continue she mouth . : long shot - audience 2 - 157 the audience 's be now laugh uproariously . oo " . medium seot ~ side of stage 388 cosmo walk out from the wing towards . Kathy . this as still unseen by lina . hedium shot ~~. front of stage _. 199 we see j:ina continue she action uncertainly , Kathy faltex in she sing . she look ' : . ' . very frighten . cosmo pick up sing ns 3 , . ° the song in a roaring baritone . we see - . lina for a second or two , with wnat appear to be this huge masculine voice come out of she throat . then , horrify , she stop , turn around showly and dash off the Kathy ! sing in the rain name chg . 's * 543-51 p.97 stage in a great fury . Kathy , truly : '' 2159 bewilder , look around wilaly and suddenly _ cont 'd run down the step from the stage to the '' ( 2 ) audience , and begin dash up the aisle ' to escape . Don rush out on stage . . - ton Kathy ! she continue run up the aisle . " ' Don ( excitedly ) a lady and gentleman -~ stop that girl ! the girl . run up the aisle - 3 that 's Kathy Sands '= { - he dash down the step after she as a group in the rear of the theater halt she progress . he continue talk as he run down the step . lo. , " Don : : that 's the girl whose voice you hear and love — tonight --! that 's the real star of the picture @- you be go to see a awful lot of we , : together from now on ! ee - ( he shout to she ) sot Don begin to sing " you be my lucky STAR " '' Kathy turn towards he , still look bewilder . he go to she , take she by the hand - and lead she back up onto : stage , still sing . - cosmo come out of wing and join they -~ and the three of they happily sing and dance the song as the '. : theater audience applaud . es * 1602268 ue we the ew