single white female screenplay by Don roos adapted from the novel swf seek same by John lutz columbia picture logo black screen on a black screen , the word ( without capital letter in front of the word ) : columbia picture present and then : a film by barbet schroeder bathroom - interior we do not know if it 's day or night . we see a little girl , age around eight , put lipstick on she lip . she be wear earring and a ring on the middle finger of she right hand . she move forward and we see another girl about the same age . the first girl put lipstick on the lip of the second girl . both girl be smile . more credit , still without capital letter . the camera move back and we get a better view of the second girl . the two girl appear to be twin . the first girl take a powder puff and put powder on the second girl 's cheek . the two girl look at themselves in the mirror . the camera give the impression to be locate behind the mirror . the first girl give a kiss on the cheek of the second girl . fade out to black screen the title of the film appear on the black screen . the camera move and we see , appear on the right -hand side of the screen : build - exterior night this building be actually allison 's building , but we do not know it yet . credit resume on the screen . the camera keep on move and we see several light window . the building itself be a nice building with carving on the wall . the camera move backward , give we a full view of the building . as the camera come back forward , we hear two voice speak , one male , one female . they be the voice of allison '' allie» Jones and she fiancé Sam rawson . SAM ( voice over ) so how many kid do we want ? allison ( voice over ) I dunno . what 's the statistical norm ? SAM ( voice over ) you and you statistic . allison laugh SAM ( voice over ) one point two . allison ( voice over ) okay , then I want two point two . fade to : allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night Sam and allison be lie on the bed , partly dress . Sam be hold allison next to he . they be both about thirty year old . allison have short red hair , and Sam have brown wavy hair . behind the front of the bed we see the wringht iron of the balcony . the light be very dim in the room , light only by the street light and a couple of candle . we hear allison finish she last voice over sentence . allison and I want they to look like you . SAM poor kid . end of credit . SAM so , if I get to be able to drag you away from computer tomorrow , I will buy you that ring . allison sure . so , be this gonna be a real wedding ? she move a bit away from he , and take a piece of grape in a plate lie on the floor . SAM as oppose to a fake one ? allison you know what I mean , Sam . you have already be through the big ceremony with too hundred people . SAM that be the fake one . this be the real one . you can have any kind of wedding you want . underwater . in and out of a steam room in the wild . horseback . allison go back into Sam 's arm . allison nake skydiving ? SAM nake skydiving ! allison it 's ok . it 's go to have to be a small one , you know . I have not be in New York long enough to know very many people . SAM except I . allison oh , you be invite . they laugh . allison and my friend Graham upstairs . SAM it will not be long before you know half the people in New York . people like you , you know ... but I find you first . allison you be the only friend I need . you be the best thing that ever happen to I . they start kissing very tenderly . fade to two second of black screen . and then we see Sam and allison asleep in the bed . they be naked but cover with the sheet . the phone ring . allison wake up and pick up the phone handset . allison hello ?... hold on a second . she bend down to take the telephone set . allison Sam , it 's you ex-wife . she give the receiver to Sam . still half - asleep , Sam take the phone . SAM what ? allison it 's Lisa . Sam put the receiver to he ear . we hear vaguely Lisa 's voice , but not precisely enough to understand the word . SAM yeah ?... no ... because ... I be hang up now . he put the handset back on the telephone set , which allison have put on the bed . SAM I be sorry . she should not call here . allison it 's where you live . she 's entitle . the phone ring again . allison move up to pick up the phone . SAM do not ... do not answer it . the phone keep on ringing . then the answer machine start with '' hi , it 's allison Jones ...» but the rest of the message be cover by Sam and allison 's conversation . SAM why do she do this ? allison talk to she now . you be already up . I will get that . we hear the beep at the end of allison 's message . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night allison be walk naked in the hall . lisa' voice on the answering machine hello , Sam . oh , damn ... would you pick up the phone , please ? hello ?... please , do not do this to I . SAM ( voice over ) Lisa ... lisa' voice on the answering machine Sam , I have be sit here since you leave this afternoon ... allison be stand up in the dark , not move . we hear Sam 's voice , partly from the bedroom , and partly from the answer machine , which give the voice a sort of echo effect . SAM ( voice over ) yeah ... Lisa ... can we talk about this tomorrow ? lisa' voice on the answering machine you can not come over here and sleep with I , and then ... Close - up on allison 's face in the dark . she look very shocked by what she hear . SAM ( voice over and yell ) allie , allie , I do not know how you shut that thing off . lisa' voice on the answering machine you say you be go to call . allison shut the machine off . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night Close - up on Sam 's face . he pick up the phone and put the handset to he ear . we hear Lisa 's voice say : '' hello , sam» SAM huh-huh ... allison' appartment - front hall - interior night allison grab a night - robe and press it on she naked body . SAM ( voice over ) okay ... goodbye . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night Sam be seat on the bed . he put the phone back on the set . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night allison I take it back . she 's not entitle . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night Close - up on the ancient-look ventilation system in the bedroom . the air vent be protect by a very decorative wringht iron grill , as can be find in old New - York building . SAM ( voice over ) I do not go over there intend to sleep with she , allie . I swear to God . allison ( voice over ) oh , well , I fall a lot better know you can talk now . graham' apartment - graham' bedroom - interior night Close - up on the same air vent in Graham 's apartment . we can hear the conversation go on in allison 's bedroom , with a slight echo effect in the sound , which make some word incomprehensible , but still well enough to get the general idea of the conversation . SAM ( voice over from the air vent ) she 's very depressed , ok ? it 's the anniversary of we divorce . she hear we be get marry . she have be drink . slowly the camera move from the air vent to Graham 's bed . Graham knox be about thirty year old , and we shall learn later that he be gay . he be lie in he bed , perhaps naked , but we see only he chest , the rest of he body be cover by the sheet . he be apparently awaken by the voice in the ventilation system and be half - raise on he elbow and listen to the conversation . allison ( voice over from the air vent ) I do not want to hear this ! SAM ( voice over from the air vent ) I feel bad for she . I be move on feel guilty . it will not happen again . allison ( voice over from the air vent ) ( a few word incomprehensible ) I be suppose to trust you now ? Graham be listen with a worried look on he face . fade out to two second of black screen , during which we keep on hearing the conversation through the ventilation system , but without understanding the word . and then : allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior night allison ring the bell of Graham 's apartment . it say 1203 on the door . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night a corridor with a lot of book on shelf go all the way up to the ceiling . Graham walk along the corridor , zipping he pants . he be bare - chest . graham it 's 4 a.m . ! allison ( voice over through the door ) it 's I , Graham . Graham open the door . allison be just wear a night - robe , and she face be full of tear . graham allie ? allison I be sorry ... Sam leave . I tell he to . and ... and I can not be alone tonight ... so I come up here . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior night Graham take allison by the hand and bring she inside he apartment . allison thanks . Graham close the door behind allison . graham' apartment - spare bedroom - interior day a nice room with picture on the wall . allison be sleep in a large bed . through the shutter - less window , we can see the other building . Graham , dress in a black T-shirt and kaki short pants , enter the room and sit on the bed . he take allison 's leg through the bedcover . allison stand up with a start . graham allie , I let you sleep . allison what time be it ? graham about ten . allison oh , my God allison jump from the bed in a hurry . allison I have get a meeting . it 's really important . Graham , still seat on the bed , watch she leave the room . new york - a busy STREET - exterior day allison walk quite rapidly on the sidewalk . she come to a shop and look through the window . she comb she hair with she hand . a restaurant - interior day a nice restaurant in New - York . painting on the wall . Soft music . a waitress be talk on the phone . allison enter the restaurant and cross the room to a table , where a man , who be sit alone , stand up when she come to he . the man be Mitchell myerson , allison 's appointment . allison hi ! mitchell hi ! allison I be sorry , I be a little late . they shake hand . mitchell no , no , it 's worth the wait . allison thank you . they sit down . the man take he glass . allison so ... a little later . they have finish they meal . allison have put she laptop computer on the table and be type on the keyboard . on the screen of the computer , we see model of woman 's dress change color and appearance each time allison press a key . allison you can redefine you product on - screen without go to a expensive design concept . this be allison Jones ' software , and it 's a marketing tool no one else have . mitchell who do I get to run it ? allison I stay to be the person to speak . that 's include in the quote . mitchell ah !... the quote ... that 's the one thing I have not see . allison best for last . she give he a print paper . allison I think you will find that 's reasonable ... as a ballpark . mitchell here 's where I be think of play . he take a pen out of he pocket and start write on the document allison give he . then he hand back the document to she . she read it and seem surprised . mitchell it make sense for you . you see , after we last meeting , I make some phone call ... to you former partner , for one . allison no , I would not rely much on what she say . it be not a friendly split . and I do all the work . and ... she take all the credit and she do not like I tell she so . mitchell well , I be more interested in the settlement you make . you walk off with the hardware and a rent-controlled apartment . which mean you overhead be minimal , as be you client list . I could improve that if you be as good as you say you be . he point to what he write on the document allison be still hold . mitchell but that be the only way to prove it . allison well , I could go for something ... the waiter put the bill in a small tray on the table . mitchell no , no , please , do not embarrass yourself . that 's my final offer . now , of course , if you would like to think about it ... allison take the bill from the tray , and tear the tab off the bill . allison I will get this . you will see it on my first expense report . mitchell I look forward to it . they shake hand . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day the front door open and allison get in and close the door . she drop she key and she handbag on a shelf near the door . she go to the answer machine , and press a key . the answering machine no message . the machine beep . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior day allison start tear the sheet off the bed . her movement be very nervous . and , eventually , she drop on the sheet - less mattress and start cry . allison' build - laundry room - interior day we hear the first word of Graham 's sentence on the previous image of allison cry on she bed . allison and Graham be work on they respective laundry on a table . we see wash machine work in the background . graham what be this ? a song cue ? '' you be nobody till somebody love you .» allison it 's just live alone , you know . I think about buy that book like '' cook for one» . it 's just too depress . graham there be worse thing than be on you own , you know . allison maybe it 's all a sign I should go home . graham come on ! you come here for a reason . Sam have nothing to do with that . no guy do . you think I would let some guy interfere with my act career ? assume I have a career ... or a guy to interfere with it . allison you will find someone again . graham maybe I will . why not ? but the point be , if I do not ... I do not . allison I know that . I can do it on my own . graham absolutely . allison I will just get a room-mate . graham you could always call he , allie . allison not if I have a room-mate . computer screen a Apple Computer screen ( certainly Mac os 7 or even Mac os 6 , since the film be make in 1991/1992 ) . the window be title '' comlink fax tm» . on the window itself we can read : atz ok enter you ad now swf seek female to share apartment in w70s non -smoker professional preferred when we first see the computer screen , only '' swf seek female to sh» be write . we hear the click of the computer key as the rest of the ad be write . the computer screen fade into a newspaper clip after '' professional pref '' be write . newspaper clip we see a newspaper clip , where allison 's ad have be highlight with a feel - pen red rectangle . it say : swf seek female to share apartment in west 70 . non-smoker professional prefer . 555-9814 around this ad be other ad , all about apartment rent or share . allison ( voice over ) the manager could not really know you want to live there . allison' office - interior day the previous voice over sentence end on a close - up of the fold newspaper with a red feel - pen lie on the newspaper . the camera move up from the desk , on which the newspaper be lie , to allison 's face , who be speak over the telephone . around she , we see other desk with people work . allison oh , yes , that 's a promise . rent-stabilize , so you could not come on the lease . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior day a young butch woman , wear a leather jacket and a black and white bandana around she head , bang she fist on the wall of the kitchen . she enter the kitchen , where allison be sit at a table . behind allison , a nice white stove . the butch girl be carry a motorcycle helmet in she leave hand . in the credit , the butch girl be call '' mannish applicant '' the butch girl Nice ... you could really open them up . I can not wait to get in here . be you proper with tool ? allison' apartment - spare bedroom - interior day a young very pretty woman , dress in a short brown dress , move around the room and then look at allison with a seduce eye . allison , who be hold some papers in she hand , look at the depart applicant with a amused eye . later in the same room . another applicant be walk around the room . she 's wear large glass , and never stop talk . while she be walk , we hear a camera click and we see a camera flashlight across the room . talkative applicant I be a incest survivor , you know . I have not remember the instance yet , but I know it 's there somewhere . I just have the sense that I survive something . all my therapist think so . she go out the room in the hall . allison be shaking she head behind she back . talkative applicant oh God , a kitchen ! I hate kitchen , cooking , clean , anything feminine . I mean , it 's probably my mother 's fault . while the applicant be go into another room , allison be write something on a pad she be hold in she leave hand . underneath the pad be a Polaroid camera , certainly the one we see the flashlight come from . allison' apartment - live room - interior day a nice clear room , with a comfortable vintage - look couch . a young woman be stand in the middle of the room , wear a white blouse and brown large pants , look very discreet ... too perfect ! perfect applicant I think this could work . and if you feel the same , please give I a call . allison take she picture with she Polaroid camera . later . Close - up on the pile of application form . on the top of the pile , the one concern the woman we just see , with she picture staple in the leave top corner of the form . allison be sit on the couch , look through the file . she have the file of the last woman in she hand . she stand up and walk to the kitchen . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior day allison pick up the phone and dial the number of the last applicant , whose form be still in she hand . then she see Sam 's picture on the fridge door . she put the form on the top of the fridge . Close - up of Sam 's picture . allison take the picture off the fridge door and start dial again . sam' voice on the phone hello , Sam rawson . hello ? allison put the phone back on its hook on the wall . she sit down on the floor cry , and still hold Sam 's picture . she crumple the picture into a small tight ball . we see a pair of foot underneath a long light - grey dress walk in the hall . allison be still cry . the woman knock on the kitchen wall . allison stand up with a start . allison oh !... hi ! we get a full view of the unknown visitor . it 's hedra carlson . she be wear a black hat on she long light brown hair . she be carry a large bag hold by a strap across she chest . she look very sweet and nice . hedra hi !... the front door be kind of open . be you allison Jones ? allison yes ... I be allie . hedra oh , I be hedra carlson . we speak on the phone this morning . she look at allison 's face , where we still can see she 's be cry . hedra be you sure you be okay ? allison you know what ? I be not . would it be all right if you come back tomorrow ? hedra start take she arm , and then move away inside the kitchen . hedra why do not you just ... sit down . allison no , I be fine . hedra I will make you some tea . allison I just ... I do not think I have lunch , that 's all . hedra try to get some water at the sink , but just get a strange noise . allison it 's only this one . the one in the bathroom work . here ... she come to the sink , and take a wrench lie by the sink . allison I use a wrench . she squeeze the water faucet with the wrench . hedra put she bag on the floor . allison keep on try to open the faucet with she wrench , but the faucet break off and shower both girl . hedra bend down to shut the main water tap under the sink . the girl be both all wet . allison oh ! wow !... wow !... I be so sorry . allison' apartment - live room - interior day Close - up on hedra 's dress and allison 's jacket drying on hanger near the open window . hedra ( voice over ) if you need a reference , you can call they at rizzoli . hedra give some papers to allison , seat on the sofa . hedra be wear a red T-shirt and black pants , certainly borrow from allison . allison oh , yes ... allison look at the papers . allison hedra ... that 's unusual . hedra I get terrible nickname grow up , which I be not tell you . allison not hedy ? like hedy lamarr ? that 's exotic . hedra well , I be not that exotic in grade school ... as oppose to now , right ? while allison be read the document hedra give she , hedra feel the clothes hang by the window . hedra they be dry . she pick they up , get they off the hanger , and give she jacket to allison hedra here . allison thanks . Sam 's crumpled picture fall on the floor from a fold in the jacket . hedra pick it up allison oh ! you can just toss that . I be just clean up . he 's the reason why I be look for a new room -mate . hedra oh !... she sit down on the sofa next to allison . hedra do you know if there be a chance that you guy patch thing up ? as ... I do not want to move in and catch you be bound again , and then have thing change . it would just be awkward . allison well , nothing go to change it , except for ... maybe that my faucet will work . when can you move in ? hedra no , really ? she look very move by what allison just say . she take allison 's hand . allison congratulation . hedra thank you . allison' build - basement - interior day allison and hedra be walk along a corridor in the basement . allison be wear a black sleeveless T-shirt and beige pants . hedra be wear a red dress with white small dot . allison be carry two suitcase and hedra a very large box . they all must be empty , the way the girl be carry they . allison I have get one friend . Graham . he life just upstairs ... hedra a friend ? allison oh , not like that : he 's gay . so , anyway , it 's not a real friendly building , but , at least , there 's no problem with privacy . ' Cause , I mean , you just close you door ... hedra yeah . allison no problem . hedra I will leave you alone , you know ... I mean , whatever 's good for you . they have come to a row of stock room , all protect by partition and door cover with chicken wire . they look like cage , and that 's exactly what the tenant call they . the two girl drop they parcel on the floor . allison take a key out of she pocket to open the padlock of she own private ucage . allison anyway . hedra wow ! hedra cross the corridor . on the opposite side from the row of «cages» , a door that say : '' incinerator room» and stick on it , a sign that say '' use prohibit by law» . by this door , a pile of junk , probably leave by a tenant . hedra pick up a old rusty metal lamp . hedra hey , look , allie , this could be good , huh . a few moment later . allison have resume she tour of the basement , walk along the corridor . hedra be carry the metal lamp she find . they pass by the Laundry room , where we have see allison earlier chat with Graham . Inside , a lady be work with she laundry on a table . allison Laundry room . another corridor . allison I do not go in there at night . it 's a bit creepy . it 's okay in the day , but , still , lock yourself in . hedra look at a key she be hold . hedra this one ? allison no , that 's mail key . they have come to the elevator . a old machinery , enclose in a chicken wire cage , be work with a loud noise . allison press the switch of the elevator hedra this be creepy . allison oh , it 's not bad , it 's just kind of old . the elevator door slide into the wall , and the two girl get in the cabin . allison want to close the inner door of the cabin , but it do not want to slide back into close position . allison sometimes this get stick and you have to use this screwdriver . she take a screwdriver hang on a chain in the cabin . with it , she work on the door lock , and succeed in move it . while she roll the inner telescopic door shut , she discover that another tenant have come into the cabin behind they back . he do not look very friendly , with he bow - tie and he small mustache . he be hold a newspaper . allison Excuse I . when the inner door be completely shut , the outer door slide automatically into shut position . allison' build - elevator cabin - interior day the elevator be move up . the tenant which floor ? allison eleven the tenant press a button on the switchboard by the door . hedra fourteen , please . the tenant press another button . hedra play with she key and smile to allison . allison' apartment - spare bedroom - interior day allison and hedra move a table out of the room . the table be cover with various objet , and have apparently be use as a desk . when they try to squeeze the table through the door , they upset everything that be on the table down on the floor . they scream and laugh . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior day allison turn the water faucet on , and it seem to be work perfectly . allison okay . hedra be kneel by the sink , look at the cupboard underneath the sink . she stand up with a oval metal dish . hedra look what I find . allison' apartment - spare bedroom - interior day hedra be kneel on the floor , clean the dish she have find in the kitchen . it shine so well that she can look at herself in it as if it be a mirror . Close up on the dish . beside hedra 's face , we see allison 's face come to join she . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day hedra , just wear she underwear , be talk on the phone . hedra I be not sure . hold on , I will check . sitting on the floor , allison be painting the old lamp hedra have find in the basement . a electric fan be work next to she . hedra put the dress she be hold on the receiver , and whisper . hedra allie , it 's Sam . allison shake she head '' no» . new york - a STREET - exterior day Nice weather . busy street , with shop and people . allison and hedra be walk , eat ice cream cone . allison be very elegantly dress . hedra be more simply dress and be still wear she old black hat . hedra where do you guy learn to dress like that ? I mean , it 's just so New York . allison I think you look very comfortable . hedra yeah , I never know what look good . new york - a clothes shop - interior day hedra come out of a dress room , wear a very elegant red jacket . allison oh !... I think that look nice hedra yes ? allison but I find this . she give she a red dress on a hanger , which she be hold out of we view . hedra oh ! allison I think you would look great with that . hedra okay hedra take the dress and look at it . new york - a shoe shop - interior day we see only allison 's foot and leg . she be sit on a chair try on some high -heel shoe . we see hedra 's foot come toward she . she be also wear high -heel shoe . hedra hey ! what do you think ? allison I think you should take they . allison take off the shoe she be try on . hedra oh God , you like they ? we now see both girl ' face . hedra be take off the shoe she be wear . allison well , I think they go great with that dress . hedra you take they she give she shoe to allison . allison well ... hedra I will just borrow they when I want to . allison' build - exterior night a full view of allison 's building in the New - York night . actually , it 's not full night yet , because there be still some dark blue light in the sky . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night the room be all dark , light only by the street light come from the window . allison walk into the room with a lampshade in she hand . she put the lampshade on the lamp by the bed . then she switch the lamp on . apparently it be the lamp hedra find in the basement , clean and paint . allison look at the book on the night - table . she then move across the room , put she handbag on the bed , and take a medicine bottle from a small table . she put it back and take a perfume bottle . she take the plug off and sniff the bottle . with the plug , she put a bit of perfume on she neck . she put the plug back on the bottle and the bottle back on the table . she then take a pair of earring from the table . she hold they on she ear and look at the effect in a mirror . in the mirror , we see hedra enter the room behind allison . allison turn quickly around . hedra be wear a light night - robe and she hair be wet allison God ! I do not know you be home . I be ... lying on the bed , there be a shoebox with a rubber band around it , a key on a key , and a piece of paper . apparently , allison have not notice they . quickly , hedra throw the bath -towel , she be hold , on that item , for allison not to notice they . allison I be ... I be ... God , I be sorry . you have not even be here two week and I be already in you room . ( ironically ) I be just about to go through you drawer ! hedra laugh . allison put the earring , she be still hold , back on the table . hedra that smell nice on you . allison oh , I hope you do not mind . I just ... I always want to try that . hedra oh God , no. anything you want ... you want . she take she night - robe off . allison seem embarrassed to see she naked . she turn she eye away from she . hedra go ahead . share and share alike . allison well ... I do not really know about that . I be a only child . do you have ... a big family ? hedra put she nightdress on . hedra hu-uh ... there 's just I . she sit on she bed . hedra I be ... well , I be suppose to be a twin , but she be stillborn . allison oh , that 's so sad . hedra I grow up like a part of I be miss . she turn around see the new lampshade . hedra allie ! God ! she stand up to have a better look at the lampshade . hedra it 's beautiful . thank you . what do I owe you ? she walk toward the little table . allison oh ... nothing . it 's just a little housewarm . it 's like that . hedra pick up the earring from the table , and give they to allison allison oh no no ... hedra shhh !... she put the earring on allison 's ear . hedra they look beautiful on you . allison but I can not take this . hedra it 's housewarm . allison look at herself in the mirror . allison thanks , they be great . the phone ring . allison Excuse I . she go out of the room . while go out , she bump into hedra . hedra oops ! allison' apartment - front hall - interior night allison pick up the phone . allison hello ?... it 's Sam . we only hear a few word of what he say . SAM ( voice over on the phone ) ... talk to I ... allison no , Sam . SAM ( voice over on the phone ) why not ?... why not ?... allison no , it 's not a good time . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night hedra take the shoebox from she bed , go to a closet insert in the wall of the bedroom , and put the shoebox on the top shelf of the closet . allison ( voice over from the corridor ) I be not ready to see you . you be just go on something that 's over . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night allison be still on the phone . allison no , there 's nothing to talk about anyway . Sam , there 's somebody here right now ... we see hedra 's face peek through the door of she bedroom . allison all right ?... okay ... bye . she put the phone down . hedra be still peek behind she bedroom door . hedra why do not we order some chinese ? allison remain two second motionless with she hand on the telephone , and then smile and shake she head '' yes» . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day through the open door of the bathroom , we see hedra kneel by the bathtub , and apparently wash something in the bathtub . the phone ring . hedra rush out of the bathroom . she be wear a orange T-shirt , a very large red boxer - short and white slipper . answering machine hi , this be allison Jones . please leave a message . thank you . a beep . while listen to the machine , hedra pick up a box on the telephone table , take a sweet out of the box , eat it , and put the box back on the table sam' voice on the answering machine allie , be you there ?... allie , pick up . allie , listen . please , please call I back . this be torture for I . I know you need I as much as I need you . I love you . I will do anything for you for we to get back together , just call I . a click , meaning the end of the call . hedra press a button on the answer machine , to erase Sam 's message . we hear some yapping come from the bathroom . hedra turn she head toward the bathroom . hedra buddy ! allison' apartment - bathroom - interior day Close - up shot of hedra , kneel by the bathtub and hold a big puppy in she arm . she be rinsing it with mug of water take from the bath . hedra oh , yes , you be a good clean boy . you be go to cheer she up , be you ? hmm ? you be go to cheer she up . so she will let you stay . while rinsing the puppy , she hug and kiss it . she hear the front door open and turn she head around . she say '' shhh !» to the puppy , and whisper some other incomprehensible word to it , then put it back in the bathtub . Close - up of a paper lie near the sink over hedra 's key-re . the paper be a bill from a shop call '' Pet express» , in New - York . it be pay in cash , and the date be 8/16 . it read : yellow lab puppy male , 6 week old , $ 350 , - tax $ 29,75 $ 379,75 hedra 's hand crumple the bill and put it in the waste- basket underneath the other item already in the basket . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day allison enter the apartment . she be wear a silver - color raincoat . allison yoo-hoo ! she close the front door . through the open bathroom door , we see hedra go from the waste- basket to the bathtub . she take a towel and wrap it around the puppy , still in the tub . allison put she key on the shelf by the door , put she handbag on the floor , and press a button on the answer machine . a beep and then : answering machine no message . behind allison , we see hedra come out the bathroom carry the puppy wrap in the towel . allison turn around , see hedra with the puppy and stop in she track . she do not seem very happy , almost angry in fact . hedra I know I should not have , but they be just give he away ... in the market . but they say I could bring he back to -morrow . allison well , I hope they mean it . hedra sit down on the floor . hedra well ... he name 's buddy . I have a dog name buddy when I be little . she give a kiss to the puppy . she then look up at allison 's face , which do not seem very friendly . hedra tomorrow , okay . I promise . allison walk away take off she raincoat . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night we hear the puppy yapping . hedra be sit on she bed in the dark . she stand up and peek through the ajar open of the door . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night Close - up at hedra 's peek through the ajar open of the door . the puppy be still yapping . the door of allison 's bedroom open and allison come out . she be wear a light pink nightdress . she slowly open the kitchen door , bend down and pick up the puppy . allison oh ! come on . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior night reverse angle shot of allison pick up the puppy . she then go away , presumably to she bedroom , with the puppy in she arm . allison okay . come on . shhh ! through the open kitchen door , we see , across the corridor , hedra 's bedroom door close itself . allison' apartment - live room - interior day hedra , wear pajama-look pants and a sleeveless loose shirt , come in the room , carry a tray . there be a mug on the tray , in which hedra be pour honey from a plastic bottle . she come to a table , where allison be work on two computer . the puppy be sit on allison 's lap . hedra stir the mug with a teaspoon , and put the tray on the table . hedra you be work so hard . Close - up on the screen of the computer . they show woman dress design . allison ( voice over ) myerson better refer some client to I . hedra ( voice over ) he will , you be the best . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night hedra and allison be lie on allison 's bed , with the puppy between they . hedra be wear a pink T-shirt and red short pants . the tv be on and we hear its sound faintly , without really understanding the word . allison God , hedy , thanks . I never would have get it do without you . hedra be play with a portable battery - power fan . she put it down to play with the puppy . hedra I love help . she try to move the puppy , who want to move the other way . hedra wait ... wait ... allison take she Polaroid camera to take a shot of the three of they . hedra oh yeah ! family portrait . allison ready ? hedra yeah . allison take the snapshot . later in the night . there be a black and white movie on the tv . the woman in the film on tv I live a few week while you love I . Goodbye , David . the camera move away from the tv , and we see allison and hedra asleep on allison 's bed , with the puppy between they . hedra move slightly in she sleep . new -york - a STREET - exterior day allison and Graham be walk on the sidewalk of the street , Graham push he bicycle . he have a canvas bag strapped over he shoulder . Graham 's first sentence be actually hear in voice over the previous sequence . graham ready to kill she yet ? allison who , hedy ? graham hm - mm ! allison no , no , it 's a lot of fun have a girlfriend again . graham I can tell . I be worried for a while that you be so down . you be start to look like a Kennedy wife . allison' build - MAIN lobby - interior day they enter the lobby . we can see that allison be carry some shopping bag . a lady be go out with a dog on a leash . allison you be great , Graham . I just have to spend some time with she . she need a lot of help move in . plus , I have be work like crazy . I promise I be not avoid you . they enter the elevator . two lady be come out . allison have to use the screwdriver to close the inner door of the cabin . graham oh , I have get you cornere now . I have be meaning to come down and see you . I be on my way to ask you something . allison' build - elevator cabin - interior day the cabin be move up . graham will you cat sit again ? I have to go to Boston this week - end for my cousin 's wedding . allison Fine . sure , I will watch carmen . he take a key out of he pocket . graham hey , I have make you a set . you know which one to try . and ignore the litter box this time , I do . she laugh . allison it 's so cruel . we will be fine . graham you know , I think I see she the other day , you room-mate . you be leave the building . then I think it be you . you backpack . this jacket . I chase she down . but it be someone else . someone very nervous . allison oh !... that 's hedy . I really freak she out about people know she 's live in the building . I would have have you down to meet she ... but she 's shy . the elevator stop . allison well . the outer door open . allison bend down to pick up she shopping bag . she open the inner door and take the key Graham be give she . allison Friday ? graham that will be great . I will make dinner when I get back . allison close the inner door . allison' build - landing hall outside allison' apartment - interior day reverse angle shot of allison close the elevator inner door . the outer door close automatically . allison walk along the hall toward she apartment . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day the front door open . allison bend down to pick up she shopping bag and enter the apartment . the front door close behind she . she drop she key on the little shelf by the door . she see hedra in the doorway of the live room . her hair be in a bun . allison hey , I think you would be at work . hedra no . allison do not tell I we have the same belt . hedra look down at she belt . she seem embarrassed by something . hedra well ... yeah ... sorry ... listen , I have to talk to you . allison you have to see this . look , cookie for dog . hedra oh , they be great . allison I have to get they . they be so great . hedra can I just talk to you for a second ... allison buddy ! Sam enter from the live room with the puppy in he arm . hedra I try to let you know . Sam put the puppy on the floor . allison what be you do here ? hedy ! SAM but no , do not blame hedy . it 's not she fault , okay . hedra go out of the hall into the live room . SAM I kind of force my way in here . I have to see you . hedra come back in the hall . hedra I have get to get out of here now . unless you need I ... she look back and forth to allison and Sam , and get just a '' no» head - shake as a answer from allison . hedra okay . hedra go out of the apartment and close the door behind she . allison why can not you just leave I alone ? allison take she shopping bag and go into the kitchen . SAM you have get to talk to I , baby . you just can not pretend I do not exist . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior day allison put she bag down on a table . allison easier that way , okay ? be that so hard to try to make it easier on I ? SAM but people screw up . people do something wrong . and I be wrong , I admit it . and you just ... you cut I off . you do not take my call . you do not answer my letter . allison wait a minute . you lie to I ! if she have not call , would I have find out ? I think that 's really scary , okay ? please , if you want to be nice , just stay away . SAM okay . you know , I know that there be something that you just can put back together . I be hope that this be not one of they . allison well , I guess it be . and ... I do not get any letter . so , I be not try to punish you by not answer it . I just do not get it . SAM well , I send it with the key . allison well , I do not get that , either . what do it say ? SAM forget the letter . I love you . I can not exist without you . I have no excuse for what I do , allie . you have to give I a second chance . she go into he arm . he hug she . she start cry . allison you really hurt I , Sam . SAM shhh ! allison' build - exterior day Close - up on allison 's kitchen window . we see allison and Sam hugging each other . allison' build - landing hall outside allison' apartment - interior day hedra be stand by the window , with a knee on the heater . she seem very pensive . a old lady come out of the elevator , and look at hedra . hedra turn she head toward the lady . she pick up she bag , which be sit on the heater beside she , and move away from the window . she go to the elevator and press the call button . a STREET in new - york - exterior day we be across the street from the rizzoli bookshop , the shop where hedra be work . rizzoli bookshop - interior day hedra , dress exactly like she be in the previous sequence , be dial a number on the telephone on the wall . a lady come to she . the lady customer Excuse I , can you tell I where the biography section be ? hedra oh , yes , towards the front , against the wall . the lady customer okay . the lady move away from hedra . we hear allison 's answer machine talk in the telephone . allison' answering machine ( voice over ) hi , this be allison Jones . please leave a message . thank you . a beep . hedra hi , allie , it 's I . I be just call to see if you be okay . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day Close up shot on the answer machine . then the camera move away from the telephone table and , in the live room , we see Sam and allison , stand in a close embrace and kissing each other . some piece of clothing be already on the floor , and we see allison 's foot stroking the back of Sam 's leg . hedra ( voice over on the answer machine ) call I at work . yeah . okay . my number 's on the fridge . okay , bye . rizzoli bookshop - interior day hedra put the phone back on its hook . she seem very nervous . HOTEL atherton - MAIN entrance - exterior night the atherton Hotel be evidently a quite luxurious hotel . Sam and allison be walk on the sidewalk towards we and the entrance of the hotel . SAM say ... next month , that would give she enough time . allison I do not know . just get herself on hand . haste would not do . I be sure she will understand . they enter the hotel . HOTEL atherton - lobby - interior night Sam and allison cross the lobby , hand in hand . a old hotel clerk look at they from behind he counter . HOTEL clerk good evening , mister rawson . allison' apartment - live room - interior night Close - up on the tv set show a movie feature James Stewart . jame stewart ( play he character in the movie ) I have a idea I must be in love with you . have it hit you that way ? reverse angle shot on hedra sit in a armchair , with she bare foot on another armchair . she be eat ice-cream from a large plastic pot . on the floor beside she , the puppy be play with a tennis shoe . hedra look down at it and kick it away with one of she foot . hedra hey ! it 's not for you ! the puppy go away yapping . hedra have a mean look on she face . jame stewart ( voice over from the tv set ) would you like it to go on for always ? female character in the movie ( voice over from the tv set ) how do anything go on for always ? jame stewart ( voice over from the tv set ) well , one like to think some thing do . hedra keep on eat she ice-cream , look absently at the tv , with the same mean look on she face . HOTEL atherton - a bedroom - interior night Sam be sit on a chair , naked . allison , also naked , be sit on he lap , face he , and with she leg spread on either side of the chair . she be move up a down . they evidently be have a intercourse . Close - up on allison 's hand behind Sam 's back . she be wear she engagement ring . allison' apartment - bathroom - interior night hedra be lie naked in the bath . the bath be almost full , but hot water be still pour from the tap . hedra , she eye close , be hum some music . allison' build - exterior night full view of the building . allison' build - MAIN entrance - exterior night a yellow cab be park in front of the entrance . on the sidewalk , Sam and allison be hugging and kissing . allison move away from Sam and into the building . Sam go back into the cab . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night the front door open . allison come in and close the door behind she . she lock the door and put the security chain on . she put she key on the shelf by the door , and look through she mail . she stop near hedra 's bedroom close door , because she notice there be still some light in the room . she then go to the telephone table to look at the answer machine . still look through she mail , she enter she bedroom . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night without switch the light on , allison put she mail on a chest of drawer . hedra where the hell have you be ? allison gasp at that somber voice in the dark . hedra switch the bed -light on . she be sit on allison 's bed , with she leg cover by the sheet , and the puppy on she lap . she be wear she night - dress , with a pink sweater on she shoulder . allison God , hedy , what be you do in my room ? hedra I have be wait since six o'clock last night to hear from you . I be worried sick . buddy be cry . I think I might as well come in here , so it calm down . allison sorry , I guess I just do not think . hedra no , you do not . there 's such a thing as a phone , you know . this be New York . thing happen . allison okay , okay , I be sorry . it be thoughtless , really . you be make I feel like I be sixteen year old here . she go to the bed where hedra be stroking absently the puppy . she kneel down at the bedside . allison hey , be you okay ? hedra yeah ... yeah . just ... forget it . so , I guess you have patch thing up with Sam , huh ? allison yeah ... yeah , I make he suffer . hedra look down at allison hand stroking the puppy . hedra be that a engagement ring ? allison stand up . allison right . hedra sigh , and move the sheet away to get out of the bed . hedra beautiful ring . allison thanks . hedra walk away from the bed . she give a last look at allison 's ring . hedra really great . she walk to the door . hedra I be sure you will be very happy ... you will be very happy and I will be alone . allison no , no , wait a little . you will find someone , hedy . I mean , God , if I can ... hedra be stand in the doorway and point to the mirror . hedra why do not you look in the mirror ?... huh ? look ! she come back into the bedroom . she force allison to look at both of they in the mirror . hedra look ! you be in a different league . I know that . you have this great personality . you have this great style . you be run you own business . you be always go to find someone . you would have to be stupid to think that you would not . she put she head in she hand . hedra well , I guess you ... you and Sam want to be together . so ... I have to move out , right ?... no ? allison well , anyway , Sam 's go to keep he place for a while . I know you just spend a lot on furniture . hedra yeah , you timing be great , allie , it 's really great ! you promise I this would not happen . exactly what ... allison nothing 's happen , hedy , come on . look , I will talk to Sam . well ... well , maybe we will move , I do not know . maybe , we will find some place like this , or ... I do not know . but , we will see , we will figure something out . okay ? fontana fashion office - MAIN hall - interior day fontana fashion be Mitchell myerson 's company . Close - up on some feminine hand type on a Apple computer keyboard . we see various window , show model of female dress , open and close on the screen . mitchell ( voice over ) they tell I they be nervous . allison ( voice over ) of course , they be nervous . they be salesmen . they want to be sell . we see the whole room . it be a very big room with large white column support the ceiling , and large bay window . Girls be work in the background . some be try a new dress on a model girl . Mitchell 's assistant be type on the computer , with allison stand near she . her name be Barbara , and she be a woman with brown hair and a sleek bob haircut . Mitchell be stand a couple of foot away . allison let 's set up a demo , to show they something . something special , something different , you know . maybe at night , you know . open bar , open mind . that 's '' f» night . Mitchell walk to the desk next to Barbara 's one , where he start flipping the card of a rolodex . mitchell I will set it up , I will set it up . maybe I ... I will call you tonight after I check on some thing . allison great . he take a card from the rolodex . mitchell '' 8796 , knox» . knox ? what 's this knox ? allison oh no , that 's Graham knox . he be my upstair neighbor . that be just for last night . oh , he 's the first one . mitchell well , I have get to admit , I be very impressed . allison well , maybe you start spread the word . mitchell you know , I can see I be not go to be able to afford you any more . he put he hand on allison 's shoulder and walk away . allison smile and then look at what Barbara be do . allison great . Press «enter» . that 's it . allison' build - exterior night low angle shot of allison 's building . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night in the dark , we see the shadow of allison move up and down on top of Sam . she be slightly moan . fade out . later . Sam and allison be lie on the bed , naked and half - cover by the sheet . allison 's head be rest on Sam 's chest . allison you thirsty ? SAM no . she start move out of the bed . allison I will be right back , okay . she stand up and put a light night - gown on . she walk out of the room . allison' apartment - bathroom - interior night allison be fill a tooth glass from the tap of the sink . suddenly we hear voice . allison seem surprised . we do not understand the word , but we recognize Sam 's voice , and then hedra 's light laugh . allison slowly walk out , carry she glass . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night hedra be stand at the door of allison 's bedroom . she be hold a glass contain a orange liquid . she be wear a night gown and she be hold a book in she other hand . hedra well , you would know more about that than I would . she laugh . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night the light be switch on in the bedroom . Sam be lie in the bed , still half - cover by the sheet . he be drink from a can . reverse angle shot of hedra drink from she glass . the night - gown be slightly open and we can see that she be just wear panty underneath . allison walk behind hedra . she be hold she tooth glass , and with she other hand , she keep she night gown well close . hedra turn she head towards she . hedra oh , hi ! SAM ( voice over from the bed ) allie , do you want a sip ? allison show she own glass in she hand without answer . hedra look at Sam and then at allison . she seem slightly embarrassed . hedra oh well ... well I think I will turn in . goodnight , allie . she kiss allison 's cheek . hedra goodnight , Sam . she walk away toward she bedroom . Sam turn himself around in the bed to lie on he back . before close the door , allison switch the light off . in a corner of the room , the puppy be wide awake and be sit in he basket . allison lie down on the bed . she have not take she night gown off . Close up shot on allison 's face lie on she back on the bed . she seem worried . reverse angle shot of the fan spin on the ceiling . fade-out . later . allison be asleep , lie on she side . she be still wear she night - gown . her hand be move on the sheet , and apparently do not find what it be look for , because allison suddenly sit up on the bed . we see Sam sleep and lie on he back , half - cover by the sheet . allison look at he and sigh . we hear some strange noise . allison get up and off the bed . we see she naked foot walk past the puppy 's basket . allison open the door . the puppy leave he basket and follow she . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night allison cross the hall , follow by the puppy . she stop , bend down and pick it up . she walk slowly to hedra 's door , which be partly open . we hear hedra moan . in the mirror on the closet door , we see hedra lie on she stomach on she bed , half - cover by the sheet . she be masturbate . she turn around to lie on she back . Close up shot on allison 's face look at hedra . she seem half - surprised , half - fascinate by what she see . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night hedra be lie on she back in she bed . her sheet be down to she waist , show she breast . she still have one hand between she leg . the puppy yap . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night Close - up of allison 's face , look slightly frighten . she put the puppy on the floor . reverse angle shot on the mirror in hedra 's bedroom . we see hedra sit up on she bed . allison run through the hall towards she bedroom . the puppy follow she , but she shut the door before it can get in the room . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night allison jump into she bed and lie down . we can hear the puppy yapping behind the door . allison hear the door open . she put she head on the pillow , close she eye and pretend she be asleep . hedra walk slowly across the room towards the bed . she be wear she night gown . we see allison 's shoulder move slowly up and down , just as she be really asleep . hedra remain a few second look at allison , then start walk back towards the door . Close - up shot on allison 's face . her eye be close , but , when she hear the door close , she open they again . allison' apartment - live room - interior day Sam be fix a break piece of wringht iron on the balustrade on the balcony . he be screwing a sleeve clamp to fix the break piece on the main body of the balustrade . hedra ( voice over ) they be ready . SAM right , just a minute . hedra be come out of the kitchen with a fry pan . she be just wear she night gown . she be stir some scramble egg in the pan . hedra they will get cold . she eat a piece of crispy bacon out of the pan . SAM all right , all right . Sam climb out of the balcony . a wider shot show hedra back in the kitchen , cooking something on the stove . Sam slide the window down , and then walk across the room and into the kitchen . the puppy get out of its basket and follow he . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day allison get out of she bedroom , fully dress and ready to go to work . she hear voice come out of the kitchen . SAM ( voice over ) no , no , rawson be a norse name . allison open the kitchen door . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior day Sam and hedra be eat breakfast seat on either side of the small kitchen table . the puppy be eat something off the floor . SAM ( finish the sentence he be say in voice over while allison be open the door ) well , be not this a thoroughly uninteresting conversation . he look up at allison enter the room SAM hey ! hedra hi ! allison we go ? she walk to the sink , and pick up a orange . Sam give she a kiss on the cheek . she turn she head and do not respond to the kiss . hedra come toward they with a plate in she hand . she give the plate to allison . hedra scramble or fry ? allison do not take the plate and show she the orange . she seem quite upset . allison ( whisper ) this be fine . she get out of the kitchen . Sam turn he head towards hedra and then follow allison . hedra walk a couple of step towards the open door and listen to the conversation go on in the live room SAM ( voice over ) allie , sweetheart , this be not all that urgent . you know , if you do not want to do this apartment thing today , it can wait till I get back . allison' apartment - live room - interior day hedra be stand in the doorway lead to the kitchen , with the plate still in she hand . reverse angle shot on the leg of allison and Sam . the puppy be play between they , put its nose on allison 's leg . SAM why do not we get away together ? drive to box Camp ? reverse angle shot on hedra bend down and slapping she thigh . hedra buddy , come here , boy . she take a piece of bacon out of the plate and show it to the puppy . reverse angle shot on allison and Sam . the puppy do not respond at all to hedra 's call and food . hedra ( voice over ) come on , three 's a crowd , sweetie . allison all right , hedy , he 's fine . ( in a much lower voice , for Sam 's ear only ) poor guy 's do not who 's who anymore . reverse angle shot on hedra stand up and finish she plate . then reverse angle shot again on allison and Sam . SAM well , would not you like to take a day off ... renting a car ... allison no , I be okay . I be fine . I just do not get a very good sleep , that 's all . nightmares . okay ? Sam give she a very tender kiss , which she give he back . reverse angle shot on hedra look very angry . she go back into the kitchen and put she plate down . she then walk into the live room , look very casual . hedra you have get a good day for it if it do not get too hot . she give a light tap on Sam 's back when she walk behind he . she take a food plate off allison 's desk , and start walk away towards the kitchen with the plate . allison you do not have to do that , hedy . you be do enough already . hedra oh , I do not mind . it 's clean when you can not tell I be here . she enter the kitchen to put the plate down . she then come back into the live room . hedra oh ... hey , if the egg be okay , maybe you guy can trust I with dinner . do you know when you will be back ? allison oh , no , it 's kind of a anniversary tonight . so I think we will be eat out . hedra really ? well , that 's great ... well , good luck . we can see , by she expression , that hedra be not very happy about what she just hear , but she keep a smile face . Sam and allison walk out of the room . hedra wrinkle the front of she night gown with she nervous hand . she walk slowly toward the hall . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day Sam and allison be go out of the apartment . hedra Goodbye . Sam close the door behind they . the puppy remain behind the door , whining . hedra sit down on the floor , lean on the wall near the door of the live room . hedra buddy , come here . she tap she hand on the floor . hedra come here , sweetie . the puppy do not move away from the front door , and keep on yapping and cry . hedra I know ... I know . she seem very nervous . the dog keep on yapping at the door . hedra buddy , come ! she tap she hand on the floor in a more and more nervous way . hedra ( angry voice ) come ! the dog do not move from the door , and keep on yapping . hedra ( calmer voice ) Fine . a empty apartment - interior day a large room in a typical old New - York apartment . large window go almost to the ceiling . through the window we see roof with water tank on they . the room be empty , save for a ladder and a few tool . the real estate agent be stand with some papers in he hand . Sam and allison be come towards he from the other side of the room . SAM but this be half the size for twice the price from you apartment . allison it 's easier this way , believe I . and this could be nice . they walk away toward the exit of the apartment . the agent remain stand on the same spot . SAM can you imagine go from the Victoria to this . new york - a STREET near allison be place - exterior day a busy street in New York , with small shop with goods for sale on counter on the sidewalk . Sam and allison be walk down the street . SAM do you think we can smoke she out ? allison this be such a mess . I just can not do it right now . I think I be she only friend . they turn the corner of the street , and we hear a scream . Sam and allison both lift they head . allison' build - exterior day low angle shot take from ground level show a woman run on she balcony . she bend over the balustrade to look down . the woman on the balcony my God , what happen ? reverse angle shot show what the woman see from she balcony . buddy , the puppy dog , be lie motionless on the pavement , with a group of passer - by around it . one of they point he finger to the upper storey of the building . allison' build - landing hall outside allison' apartment - interior day allison and Sam be run toward allison 's apartment door . allison open it . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day allison rush into the apartment , follow by Sam . allison ( yell ) hedy ! she run past the kitchen door . we see hedra sit at the kitchen table . she stand up when she see allison . allison' apartment - live room - interior day allison stop in front of the window . the window be open and the break piece of wringht iron , on which Sam be work earlier in the morning , be miss , leave a gap in the balustrade , a gap wide enough for a puppy dog to go through . allison ( scream and cry ) he 's dead ! buddy 's dead ! Sam climb on the balcony . Close up on the gap in the balustrade . hedra what ? hedra seem genuinely surprised . she still have the earphone of she walkman around she neck . allison ( cry ) you leave the window open . how could you do that ? hedra but I think we could leave it open . I know you fix it this morning . Sam be still on the balcony , look at the balustrade . SAM I think I do . hedra it 's I . I interrupt you when I call you in for breakfast . and allie , it 's my fault . she start cry . allison rush out the room . hedra allie ! SAM ( voice over ) allie ! Sam run out of the room after allison . SAM allie ! hedra walk to the balcony and slowly slide the window down . fade out . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night allison be lie in she bed with the sheet up to she neck . Sam bend over she and give she a light tender kiss on the lip . then he stand up . we hear he leave the room and close the door . allison turn she head with she eye still close . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior night hedra be sit on the floor in the dark , lean on the wall . she be sorting thing and put they in a box in front of she . hear the musical noise of a plastic toy , we understand she be put the puppy 's stuff away . Sam come out of allison 's room and , walk in the hall in front of the kitchen open door , stop and look at she . SAM thanks , that pill help . hedra be you still go on that trip tomorrow ? SAM well , she want I to . hedra if I would just let you finish you work this morning ... we can hear repress tear in she voice . then she start cry for real . SAM listen , if she blame anybody , she blame I , huh ? Sam kneel down . SAM shh ! Sam take she in he arm where she go on cry . he slowly stand up , still hold she in he arm . he lead she to she room . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night outside hedra 's room . Sam be in the doorway . hedra move slightly away from he and then hug he even stronger . gently , he push she away from he . they almost kiss on the mouth , but Sam take she arm off he neck and go out of she room , where she stay . he close the door behind he , and she hold he hand on the doorknob . then she move she hand away and the door close . we hear she sobbing behind the close door . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior day allison be asleep on she bed , dress with a short black slip and black panty hose . the phone ring . allison wake up slowly , and , with she eye still close , feel around on the night table to find the phone . she eventually pick it up . allison hello ?... hi , Mitch ... she raise she head . allison what ? she look at the clock . allison God ! I know ... I be ... no , I be just ... I be just run a little late . she pick up the pill bottle on the night table and look at it . allison I do not forget . I dunno ... just hold they till five , okay ? thanks . she put the phone down . she get up and go into the dress room . she start look for a dress . she rapidly go out . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day through the open door of the bathroom , we see allison look for a dress . she then go out of the bathroom , cross the hall and open a closet , in which more clothes be hang . she pick up three hanger with clothes on they . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior day she enter she bedroom , carry the hanger . she throw one of they on the bed , and go , with the two other one , back into the dress room . she pick up a hanger with a light brown jacket , and compare it with the one on the hanger she bring from the closet in the hall . they be exactly the same . then she pick up a red dress , and compare it with the one she bring from the closet in the hall . they be both the same . she look a bit worried by what she just discover . fontana fashion office - MAIN hall - interior day Close - up on a Apple Computer screen , show dress model . the file be call '' fontana fashion '' . mitchell ( voice over ) you be terrific ... we see Mitchell , very smartly dress , with a white roman-collar shirt and a black jacket . he be hold a glass of Champagne . mitchell ... but you know that , do not you ? a large section of the main hall of fontana fashion Office have be transformed into a reception room . dress be hang on rack . on a round table with a white tablecloth , many half - empty glass of Champagne , two silver bucket with Champagne bottle in they , plate of «petit fours» , and a lot of flower . Mitchell and allison be both stand in front of a large tv screen , set on a hight stand , and show the '' fontana fashion '' computer file . allison , wear a very smart black short sleeveless dress , put a video cassette back in its box . allison thank you . Mitchell go to the table , put he glass down , and fill another glass with Champagne . mitchell and here , I think all the guy would resist you . as if anyone ever could . he give the glass to allison , who do not take it . allison oh no , here , I have get to go . I be just clean a bit . mitchell hold it . hold it . not so fast . now everybody under I know more than I do . I hate that . allison well ... block up some time for I next week . then ... it 's just a little late tonight . Mitchell kneel down on the floor . mitchell oh , please , please , just a taste . he put the glass on the top of he head mitchell something simple . right now . he give the glass to allison , who take it . allison okay ... something simple . she walk to a table with a Apple computer on it , put she glass on the table , and sit down . Mitchell come behind she , drink he glass , which he then put on the table . he bend down behind allison , who start type on the keyboard . allison all right ... you know , this be just the mickey - mouse stuff , but it do come in handy . Close - up on the computer screen . the '' fontana fashion '' file be on . we see the outline of a model , then a small window appear on the model . it say '' be you sure you want to quit ?» and below two choice , '' cancel» or '' ok» . allison choose '' ok '' . '' fontana fashion '' file disappear , replace by another window that say '' search by vendor» , and in the bottom of the window , '' enter vendor name :» , with a empty box underneath . mitchell ( voice over ) huh-huh . back to allison type . Mitchell 's head be just behind hers . allison okay . enter the vendor 's name . mitchell oh !... vendor ... he bend over allison to type on the keyboard , encircle she with he right arm . mitchell j-o-n-e-s ... all..i...son . allison seem a bit embarrassed by this close physical contact . allison very good . Close - up on the screen , where a new window title '' acc. payable - summary» . in the window , a data chart that read as follow : company : concept Software contact : Jones , allison tel:212-555-9814 payment History contract price : $ 16,000.00 payment to date : 2 balance outstanding : 4,500.00 15 - jul -91 $ 7,000.00 1 - aug-91 $ 4,500.00 last paymt . send : 1 - aug-91 next paymt . due : 15 - aug-91 *** payment past due *** no more record allison ( voice over ) see , here you go . '' Contract price , '' payment to dateu , '' Balance outstanding '' . back to allison and Mitchell look at the screen mitchell Ho -ho . accord to this , we should have pay you last Friday . allison that 's all right . Barbara will handle that . mitchell not till I give she the word . allison turn to he , and seem not to like he strange smile . allison well , I hope you be satisfied with what I have do . mitchell so far . he walk away from she and go to the Champagne table . allison but this be it . I mean , there be not much more . just maybe a little fine tuning , that 's it . I have some free time now , if you want we to set up some meeting with you colleague . use a napkin , he be drying a bottle of Champagne he just get out of its bucket . mitchell I be think that maybe I want to keep you all to myself . he throw the napkin on the floor , and come back toward allison with the bottle of Champagne . he put the bottom of the bottle on allison 's bare shoulder . she shiver . mitchell top she ? allison what be you do ? he put he other hand on she shoulder . then he put the bottle on the table , and start massage she shoulder . mitchell that 's just that you be so tight . allison Mitch , please , do not . that 's enough . he grab she from behind and squeeze she in he arm . allison Mitch ... mitchell hey , look ... he kiss she neck . mitchell I have be a good boy , have not I ? and you have be a good girl . we have nothing to prove any more . he keep on kissing she neck , and put he hand inside she dress to reach she breast . allison seem to be on the verge of tear . mitchell this be you last chance to play before you be a old marry lady . allison let I turn around , okay ? she have a strange smile on she lip . mitchell that 's better . that 's better . he stand up . mitchell just a second ... a second ... while she slowly turn around on she swivel seat , he start unzipping he pants , and let they fall on he ankle , show he white trunk . allison , still seat , be now face he , she face at the level of he crotch . he take she head to guide it toward he private part . allison look up at he and then , with both fist and all she might , she hit he very hard between he leg . he scream . she jump from she seat and run out of the room . he fall on the floor , hold he private part with both hand . mitchell Fucking bitch ! allison' apartment - live room - interior night Close - up on allison , still in she black dress , and hold a glass of wine . hedra ( voice over ) here . take this . we see hedra 's hand give some pill to allison . she then replace the glass of wine by a glass of water . allison I can not believe I do not see it come . it 's just so humiliate . hedra ( voice over ) you be too nice , that 's the problem . Men be pig . I do not care how nice they seem . you always fall for that . allison but what I do ... it be like something inside take over . it be scary . we see hedra stand near the mantlepiece . she be wear a orange T-shirt and a red skirt . hedra no , allie , do not turn this around . you be the victim . he should pay for this . she kneel on the floor in front of allison . allison he will pay . I set up all my program , so they have to eventually . hedra laugh . hedra what ! I be not talk about get pay , I be talk about get even . allison you do not understand . it 's the contact more than the money . when I just take the job for the word of mouth and now that 's go . it 's just like he 's put I back to square one . hedra only if you let he . but you will not let he , will you ? allison what can I do ? hedra oh , allie ... she open allison 's purse and take she address - book . hedra of course , Sam 's away . I do not want to say anything ... how he could go on that trip the day after buddy die . she walk to the telephone table in the hall , flipping the page of the address - book . hedra especially when it be he fault . since the bedroom door be wide open , we can see hedra in the hall . she pick up the phone and start dial . hedra hello ! May I speak with you husband , please ? allison who be you call ? she get up from the sofa on which she be sit . hedra yes , I know it 's late . tell he it 's allison Jones , he will take the call . allison have come to the telephone table . allison who be you talk ? hedra shush allison with she finger . hedra listen , you pathetic shit . do you want to hold on to you business ?... no , you listen to I this time , asshole ! if you trash I around town , you be fuck and you family be fuck , too ! you get that ? it will not just be you . she put the phone down , and start laugh . hedra let I tell you , he be pissing in he p.j. 's right now . allison gee , hedy , I hope you never get mad at I . allison' build - exterior day High -angle shot of the building , take from the roof of the building across the street . we see allison and hedra come out of the building . from this height , they look like a couple of ant ! allison ( voice over ) hedy , we really have to talk . hedra ( voice over ) allie , please , I have a surprise for you . allison ( voice over ) hedy ! a STREET outside JOHN dellar' hair salon - exterior day allison and hedra be walk on the sidewalk . they stop in front of the shop of '' John dellar 's Hair salon» . allison oh , hedy , I be not really up for this today . hedra what ? she put she hand on allison 's neck . hedra no , no , no , this be go to be fun . it will make you feel better , promise . okay ? and I be pay . go. she take allison by the hand and drag she to the door of the shop . hedra let 's go . allison try to resist hedra . allison oh , hedy . hedra it will be fine , come on . they enter the shop . JOHN dellar hair salon - interior day allison be seat in front of a large mirror . a attendant be take the protection garment off she shoulder . allison thank you . she smile . she seem happy and put she hand through she hair . suddenly she stop , and the smile disappear from she mouth . she look up in the mirror at someone descend the stair from the upper level of the shop . she make the swivel chair turn around to have a better look at the staircase . Close - up on hedra go down the stair . her hairdo be so much like allison 's one that she almost look like a twin sister of allison . back to allison 's thunderstruck face . allison you have get to be kid . a STREET - exterior day allison and hedra be walk in a busy street . if hedra be not a bit short than allison , one could think they be twin . allison seem angry . allison you just should have ask first . hedra well , I want it to be a surprise . they stop at a newspaper stand . allison can I have the consumer market , please . newspaper stand attendant sure . the attendant pick up a magazine from a rack and allison pick up some other magazine at random . hedra this feel so good on my neck . I do not think you would mind . allison be pay the attendant . allison thank you ... please . hedra seem to be worried by allison 's very cold reaction to she usurprise . she seem even a bit sad . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior day allison be look at the dress hang in the closet . hedra ( voice over ) I be go to take a shower . allison walk out of she room into the hall . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day through the open door of the bathroom , we see hedra turing the water faucet on in the shower cubicle , then take she belt off . she close the door of the bathroom . allison stealthily run into hedra 's bedroom . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior day allison enter the room , and look around . she walk to the closet and start look through hedra 's clothes . suddenly , she notice the shoebox on the shelf above the clothes . Close up on the shoebox and then on allison 's hand pick it up . allison open the shoebox . she sit down on the bed , and start look through the content of the box . she take several papers out of the box and look more closely at they . Close - up on the document allison be look through . several photograph , and then a black and white photograph of two twin girl with a puppy between they . the twin girl be the one we see at the very beginning of the film . allison look very attentively at the picture . she put the document she be hold into the lid of the box and start look at the rest of the document . Close - up on a envelope that read : ellen besch 441 oceanside east tampa , fla allison seem surprised by the name on the envelope . allison ellen besch ... she look through all the other envelope . on another envelope , a computer - generate label have be glue on the original ellen besch address . it read : automate mail po BOX new york po BOX 72810 c / of 845 W. 93rd ST new york NY 10024 she put the envelope back into the box , and pick up other document . they be newspaper clipping . Close - up on the clipping allison be hold . there be a picture of two young twin girl , and above , a title that read : nine - year -old besch twin drowns at family picnic and underneath : service be hold Friday at hope Lutheran Church for nine - year old , Judy besch , of mapic drive , who drown Tuesday at a family picnic . circumstance surround she death remain unclear . a eulogy be deliver by Dr. William Starr , the family 's doctor for many year . among the she put the clipping back into the box and pick up another envelope . Close - up on the envelope , which read : allie jone 768 W. 74th ST . # 1103 new york , NY 10017 allison ( voice over ) Sam ! we see allison 's hand look inside the already open envelope and take a key-re out . allison' apartment - bathroom - interior day Close - up on hedra 's hand turn the water faucet off . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior day allison be read the letter which be with the key . Close - up shot on the letter . it be write on a Hotel atherton stationery . the close - up be too close for we to be able to read all the word , but we still can read : dear allie , I know how much I hu and I know how little my can do to make thing right . but please for the sake what we have , give I the chance to say they . you forgive I , maybe I too . I never will , if what I 've have ruined everything . i'll call you in a few day , if I don't hear from you . I love you , allie SAM day you give I I 'm allison read the letter very attentively . suddenly she hear some noise come from the bathroom and turn she head towards the noise . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day the bathroom door be open slowly allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior day allison put the letter back in the envelope , the envelope back into the box . she then put everything back into the box , close the box and put it back on the shelf . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day allison come out of she bedroom , pick up she handbag and start unlock the safety chain and lock on the front door , while , through the open bathroom door , we see hedra , wear a long white shirt , take care of she hair in front of the mirror . hedra do you want I to fix you something before I go ? allison oh , no , thanks . I be just go up and visit Graham . hedra okay . allison okay . hedra I love myself like this . allison have fun . allison open the door and go out . hedra yeah . allison close the door behind she . allison' apartment - bathroom - interior day Close up on the mirror . we see hedra still fix she hair hedra I love myself like this . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior night allison ring the doorbell of Graham 's apartment . get no answer she knock on the door . get no answer again , she walk away from the door . allison' build - MAIN staircase - interior night allison be go down the stair . she open a service door , and , hide by this door , watch hedra wait for the elevator . allison rush back to the staircase . High -angle shot of the whole staircase , with allison run down . new york - the STREET outside allison' build - exterior night this be the street outside allison 's building , probably see from the entrance of the building , or very near it . hedra , come from behind the camera , cross the sidewalk , towards the street . hedra taxi ! she raise she hand to stop a taxi cab . allison , also come from behind the camera , hide behind the corner of a wall to watch hedra . hedra hey ! a yellow cab stop and hedra climb in it . as soon as the cab be go , allison rush from she hide spot and run to the street , with she hand raise . allison taxi ! yellow cab - interior night we be inside allison 's cab . in front of we , through the windshield , we see the back of hedra 's cab drive in the heavy traffic of New York . allison ( voice over ) do not lose she . reverse angle shot on allison seat in the back of the cab . allison bend slightly to speak to the driver . allison it 's very important . she have something of mine . new -york - a quiet STREET - exterior night compare to allison 's neighborhood , this be a very quiet district . almost no one in the street . no shop . hedra 's cab have just stop in front of a grim building with a fire escape . hedra walk out just as allison 's cab stop at the corner of the street . allison walk out of she cab . both cab drive away , and allison start follow hedra from a distance . medium shot of allison follow hedra . hedra reach she destination , another grim building , and go down a stairway , start from the street and go down to the basement of the building . a strong man with a ponytail and glass be guard the entrance . but he let allison go down the step . other people follow allison . basement night club - interior night allison go down the last step to the basement , which actually be a sort of night club . we hear some religious - sounding music with drum rhythm . the place be quite dark , but flash of light enable we to see that all the customer be very smartly dress , man wear elegant suit and neckty , and woman wear elegant dress . they seem to be watch some sort of a show . a young woman , wear a black sleeveless dress and long black leather glove , notice allison and come towards she . the woman do you want to play ? allison no , thanks . allison walk away , follow by the young woman . she pass near a cage , inside which we see a middle - age man . the man get he hand through the bar of the cage , and stroke allison 's cheek . allison jump , rub she cheek and move away from the cage . behind allison 's back , we see the young woman , who be follow she , come to the cage and speak to the man inside . from where she be , allison can see what 's go on at the bar , without actually be see by the people seat on high stool along the bar . reverse angle shot on the bar itself , and more precisely , on hedra , seat on a stool , with a man , seat on another stool , stroking she cheek . hedra come on , Jim . the bartender , a bald bare - chest young man , turn toward hedra . the bartender allie ! hear she name , allison start and look at the bartender the bartender ( voice over ) hey , allie ! regular or diet ? hedra turn towards the bartender . hedra diet . a flash of light enable we to have a better view of hedra 's companion , the man she call '' jim» . he look a bit like Sam . jim something 's different . hedra smile . hedra yes . jim yes . allison be stare at the couple hedra ( voice over ) yeah , you look like my sister 's boyfriend . Jim laugh . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night we hear the first sentence say by Graham in voice over the previous sequence . graham Jesus , allie , what be it ? Graham be open he front door to allie , who enter the apartment , but stay near the open front door . allison God , you have get to help I , Graham . you have get to tell I what to do . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night hedra open the front door and enter the apartment . hedra allie ? she close the door and lock it . hedra I be home . she drop she key on the shelf near the door and cross the hall . the camera move into the live room . allison' apartment - live room - interior night through the open door to the kitchen , we see hedra crossing the kitchen to go into the live room . hedra allie ? she seem slightly drunk and do not control she movement very well . before enter the live room , she take a blue bag in the kitchen ( maybe something to eat ) and drop it on a table . but , be a bit nervous , she actually drop the bag on a small bowl contain various object , and the bowl fall on the floor and break into piece . hedra allie ? hedra look at the fall bowl and bend down to pick up the debris . hedra God ... the bowl have fall near the air vent . it be exactly the same as the one which , earlier in the film , have enable Graham to hear Sam and allison 's conversation . hedra kneel down to gather the piece of the break bowl . we hear a faint voice . hedra raise she head , try to find out where this faint voice come from . first , we do not understand the word the faint voice be say , then it become clearer . it 's allison 's voice speak to Graham in he apartment . allison ( voice over from the air vent ) it 's like look at myself . and she lie . I find a shoebox in she room . hedra understand that the voice be come from the air vent , and she move closer to it . allison ( voice over from the air vent ) nothing she tell I be true . the twin that she say die at birth . it be in a accident when she be nine . hedra move a brass knob on the air vent , to open it wider and to have a better understanding of the word . graham' apartment - live room - interior night Graham and allison be sit on a couch . Graham have a glass in he hand , and allison a cup . allison and she steal a letter that Sam write I . I have to do something . Graham get up from the couch . graham get rid of she . allison' apartment - live room - interior night hedra be still kneel on the floor , with she ear close to the air vent , listen to the conversation between allison and Graham . graham ( voice over from the air vent ) call the police if you have to . if she steal thing you have to get she out of the place . we hear step . hedra look up at the ceiling , and then slowly stand up . graham' apartment - live room - interior night Graham be pour something we do not see in a glass . allison you be right . I will tell she tonight . allison get up from the couch , with she cup in she hand . allison I can not just throw she out on the street . I mean , she obviously need help . graham she be a lunatic , allie . she 's get to go . do it tonight . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night Close - up on the front door . the door slowly open and a hand cover by a black glove come through the open of the door . we hear the conversation go on between Graham and allison . allison ( voice over ) it 's just that I feel responsible for she somehow . I be the only one she have . someone like she parent . graham' apartment - live room - interior night back to Graham and allison . graham allie , either she 's go by Saturday , or I go to the police , okay ? allison laugh . allison that be very impressive . graham I can be butch when I have to . I get it from my mother . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night the room be very dark and only light by the street light through the window . a shadow move in the dark . we hear the conversation come from the live room . graham ( voice over ) look , if you worry about she , I have get a friend who 's a shrink . maybe he can help she . the shadow move away from the dark corner where she be hide : it be hedra , who start walk cautiously in the room . allison ( voice over ) oh God ! maybe after I talk to she , she just leave . graham ( voice over ) do you want to sleep here tonight ? allison ( voice over ) oh , do not tempt I . no , I just need to talk it out . graham' apartment - live room - interior night allison and Graham be both stand in the middle of the room . allison thanks . she walk to a table to pick up she purse . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night sense that allison be go to leave , hedra walk back into a dark corner to hide herself . allison ( voice over ) she 's not go to chase I out of my own place . graham ( voice over ) when 's Sam come back ? graham' apartment - live room - interior night Graham be carry he cat in he arm . allison oh , tomorrow . allison pick up she purse and they start walk towards the front door . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night they walk along the corridor , Graham still with he cat in he arm . graham that 's good . allison yeah . graham oh , this be a little embarrassing , but since we be let we hair down ... that old air vent between we apartment carry sound . it 's a weird acoustic thing . they have stop walk . allison oh ... what do you hear ? he do not answer but he make a face and then laugh , which be a good answer to allison 's question . she put she head down in she hand , feel a bit embarrassed . allison oh , no ! oh no ! I be ... I be sorry . graham Big deal . I be sorry . I should have mention it sooner . allison I be so sorry . graham you be sure you want to go down there ? allison yeah . she 's my problem . I will handle it . she start walk again towards the front door . Graham follow she . allison open the door . allison thank you for the tea . I will see you tomorrow . graham okay . allison go out and Graham close the door behind she , and then lock it . allison' build - MAIN staircase - interior night High angle shot of the staircase . allison be walk down the stair . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night the apartment be all dark . the front door open and allison walk in , and close the door behind she . allison hedy ? she put she key on the shelf by the door . allison hedy ? she walk around the hall , look in all the room . allison hedy ? we hear a little noise , and we see allison turn she head . Close up on a mirror - cover door open slowly . at that very moment , we , the spectator , do think we be still in allison 's apartment . but actually , we be in : graham' apartment - corridor - interior night the door open slowly with a light squeaking noise . we hear Graham 's voice talk on the telephone in the next room . graham ( voice over ) this be serious , it 's a lot more serious than I think . no , I know you can not diagnose over the phone . the camera move away from the door , then look into the live - room , where Graham be sit in the dark , only light by the street light come through the window , and talk in the telephone . graham I do not know . I do not even know what hyper-vigilant be . no , I have never meet the woman . she could be infantile or paranoid , whatever . I do not know ... allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior night Close - up on the air-vent . we see allison 's hand stick piece of large adhesive tape on the air-vent . we hear the faint voice of Graham still talk on the telephone , but we do not understand the word . larger shot of allison sit on she bed and stick the piece of tape on the air-vent . graham' apartment - live room - interior night Graham be still talk on the phone . graham I tell you what , let I go downstairs . if I call you from there , will you talk to my friend ? she can tell you better than I can . right , okay . we hear some noise in the background , and Graham turn he head towards the noise . Quick reverse angle shot on the corridor see from the live - room door . it look empty and quiet . back to Graham on the phone . graham thanks . so ... so , all right ... so , so you might hear from we . Love to Jack . and you be not charge I for this . he put the telephone down on he set on the table , turn he head again in the direction where he hear the strange noise , and get up . he think it may be the cat and call she with a soft gentle voice . graham carmen ... he get out of the room into the corridor . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night Graham make little noise with he lip to attract the cat . he suddenly hear the wooden floor squeak behind he . he turn he head . we see hedra come out of a room and walk towards the front door . since we see only the back of she head , she can easily be mistaken for allison . graham allie ! she do not turn she head and just wave she hand . hedra goodnight . she have almost reach the front door , when Graham realize that something be queer about the girl 's attitude . graham hedy ? she turn around . she seem very panicky suddenly . she start fumble with the lock of the door , and drop the safety bar on the floor . hedra I be sorry ... graham wait ... hey , wait , it 's okay . take it easy . take it ... we just want to get you some help . hedra be kneel down , fumble with the fall safety bar . hedra no , please ... please ... I do not do anything wrong . Graham be walk slowly towards she . graham okay , take it easy . hedra I be sorry , I do not do anything . graham no problem . hedra suddenly stand up with the safety bar hold firmly in both hand . she strike Graham first in the stomach , then , as he double up with pain , she strike he again on the shoulder . Graham fall on the floor , and she give he a final blow on the head , leave he unconscious on the floor . allison' apartment - live room - interior night allison be stand by the desk , talk on the telephone and hold the telephone set with she other hand . we hear a beep . allison hello , Mr. besch , you do not know I , my name be allison Jones . I think my room - mate hedra be you daughter . ellen . I be not sure , really . she 's ... she 's be under a lot of stress lately ... and ... well ... huh ... huh ... God ... I really , really would not get into this on the answer machine . could you please give I a call ? or she ? I be sure you have the phone number . it 's 2-1-2-5-5-5-9-8-1-4. allison' apartment - front hall - interior night the front door open , and hedra come in . allison ( voice over , still talk on the telephone ) I will really appreciate , I will really . do not say I call . allison' apartment - live room - interior night allison , still on the phone , turn she head towards the front hall . allison oh , thank you . she put the phone down . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night hedra close the front door and walk slowly across the hall allison ( voice over ) hedy ? hedra enter the bathroom and close the door behind she . allison' apartment - live room - interior night allison be stand near the window , apparently not know exactly what to do next . allison' apartment - bathroom - interior night hedra be sit naked under the shower . she be play with a jewel ring and hum softly some musical tune . we hear several knock on the door . hedra do not react at all . allison ( voice over ) hedy ? hedra answer without move she head . hedra what ? apparently , hedra have not speak loud enough above the noise of the shower , because allison knock again on the door . allison ( voice over ) hedy , be you all right ? hedra I can not hear you . she have speak with a very soft voice , and apparently allison have not hear she , because she open the door , and walk slowly towards the shower allison it 's okay , it 's just I be start to worry . you have be in here so long . I be make some tea . do you want some tea ? camomile . hedra turn slowly she head towards allison and smile . hedra yeah ... that would be great . she turn the shower off , and stand up . she pick up a towel . allison turn she head , apparently feel embarrassed to see she naked . Close up on the basin , full of water , and where hedra 's clothes be soaking . the water be red with what look like blood . hedra ( voice over ) I be not feel really well . hedra , wrap in a large bath towel , have notice that allison have be look at the blood in the basin . hedra mine always come when I be wear something nice . she walk slowly across the bathroom . when she pass near the basin , she notice that a small part of she clothes be not inside the basin , and she move it back inside . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night still wrap into the bath towel , hedra walk slowly out of the bathroom , follow by allison . allison be you crampy ? sometimes tea help . something warm . we could talk . hedra have reach she room 's door , and she turn around . hedra about what ? hedra walk into she room follow by allison . allison about Sam and I want this place for ourselves ... allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night hedra have not switch the light on in the room . the room be just light by the street light come through the window . allison ... it 's just crazy keep two place like this . hedra sit on the bed . she be wear a night shirt and a large sweater over the night shirt . ( note - this could be consider as a continuity goof . apparently , hedra have be able to change from the bath towel to the night shirt and sweater in less than a second !) hedra well ... well , I ... I think you want a long engagement so you could make sure you can trust he again . allison well , frankly , I think that 's my business . I be sorry , but it be . hedra crack she knuckle . hedra huh-huh ... it 's I , be not it ? I will change , allie . I can change . allison no , that 's not it at all . you have be a good room -mate . it 's just ... this be the man I be go to marry . I want we to start we life together . hedra well ... he will cheat on you again , that 's a promise . and when he do , do not come run to I , okay ? Cause ... I have have it with you . you be so fuck weak ! suddenly , she have a very menace face . allison , still stand up , look down at she with a very hard stare . hedra , see that stare , calm down and laugh . hedra I be sorry . I be so sorry . the phone ring , but allison , who be still look down at hedra with she very hard stare , do not move . hedra turn she head in the direction of the phone . hedra allie ? hedra now have a very sweet look on she face . she get up and out of the room . allison' apartment - front hall - interior night hedra pick up the phone from the little table in the hall . hedra hello ? allison enter the room from hedra 's bedroom . allison be it Sam ? we hear a male voice over the phone . we quickly understand it 's hedra 's father . hedra' father ( voice over on the telephone ) ellen , be that you ? talk to I , or you mother . honey , we miss you . we want you to come home . hedra ( with a deep menace voice ) do not call here again . hedra' father ( voice over on the telephone ) ellen , listen . we will stop send the cheque if you do not come . I promise , no doctor this time . just come . hedra put the telephone down . she do not move for a couple of second , then look at allison , try to look more casual than she actually be . she have a little nervous laugh . hedra obscene phone call . New York ! the phone ring again . hedra pick up the receiver and slam it on the table . then she press on a button on the telephone set to cut off the communication . hedra find someone else , jerk ! allison walk to the telephone table . allison I be expect a call from Sam . he might be come in tonight . hedra just for a little while , okay . Sam will call back if it 's busy . hedra hug allison . hedra I be sorry , allie . she move away from allison , look falsely casual . hedra it 's no big deal . I will find some other place . you know , I just ... I do not want you make a mistake . allison I understand . hey , we will still be friend . we will keep in touch . hedra sure . allison walk away to she room . hedra pick up the telephone set from the little table , without put the receiver back on its hook . we hear several short beep come from the telephone . with one nervous movement , hedra tear the cord off the wall socket . then she walk slowly into she room . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night a little later . hedra be lie in she bed , write something in a notebook . she be hum a song . her other hand be rest on the telephone set on the bed . the phone ring . hedra pick it up immediately , not to let it ring more than once . hedra ( whisper ) hello ? SAM ( voice over on the phone ) allie ? hedra no , it 's hedy . HOTEL atherton - a bedroom - interior night Sam be lie on the bed , still dress in he suit and necktie . he be talk on the telephone . hedra ( voice over on the phone ) where be you ? where be you ? SAM oh ... I just get in from the airport . be she asleep ? hedra ( voice over on the phone ) yeah ... allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night hedra give a quick look at the clock on the night table . hedra it 's after two . do you want I to wake she ? SAM ( voice over on the phone ) no , tell she to surprise I . HOTEL atherton - a bedroom - interior night hedra ( voice over on the phone ) okay . SAM okay . hedra ( voice over on the phone ) okay , I will tell she . SAM goodnight , honey . allison' apartment - hedra' bedroom - interior night hedra goodnight , Sam . sleep well . she slowly put the phone down and play a little with it . HOTEL atherton - MAIN entrance - exterior night Close up on a pair of female leg and foot with stiletto heel shoe . the heel click on the sidewalk , and we see the figure of a woman walk away from we , and towards the entrance of the hotel . no one else be in the street at this time of the night . the woman be wear a grey raincoat . the woman enter the hotel . HOTEL atherton - a bedroom - interior night Sam be sleep , cover by the sheet up to he waist , and apparently naked underneath . the door open slowly . the woman in the grey raincoat enter the room . we have already guess she be hedra . she close the door and put the key on the night table . she remain motionless for a couple of second , look at Sam , then she slowly start to take the raincoat off . she be completely naked under the raincoat . she slide under the sheet of the bed , close to Sam . Sam moan in he sleep . he turn slowly towards hedra , who start kissing he on the chest . SAM ( sleepy voice ) allie , allie ... what be you do ? hedra go down Sam 's body , still kissing he . when she get between he leg , even if the room be very dark , we understand she be perform oral sex on he . Sam moan with pleasure . SAM oh ... oh ... Jesus !... oh ... gee ... suddenly , Sam realize that something may be wrong . he give a anxious look at hedra . SAM allie ? hedra raise she head from Sam 's private part . hedra no , not allie . she resume what she be do . Sam would like to push she away , but he be so close to he climax that he can not do it . he have he orgasm , with hedra not move away from between he leg . she only raise she head when she be sure it be over . she give he a light kiss on the pubis and smile . then she move up in the bed , she head finally rest near Sam 's one . Sam be breathe very hard . hedra stroke he on the chest , and kiss he cheek . then she get up and off the bed , and put she raincoat back on . she pick up a half - full glass on a table and drink from it , what look like beer . then she eat something from a plate on the same table . Sam breathes normally again and move slowly on the bed . he lie on he side , face away from hedra . hedra hey ! with the glass still in she hand , she walk to the bed hedra hey , sleepy guy . she put the glass on the night table , and kneel on the bed . she start stroking Sam 's shoulder . hedra I know it . SAM knew what ? hedra I tell she . guy like you do not change . you can not be faithful . and now she will know . while talk , she keep on stroking he face . Sam do not react to she caress . SAM she will know what ? he switch on the light on the night - table . he then turn around to face she . SAM that you come up here and pretend to be she ? my God , what be this hair ? what be this suppose to mean ? you be in she clothes . you be wear she perfume ! for Christ - sake ! he jump out of the bed , and start put he clothes on . hedra remain seat on the bed , drink she glass . hedra you know it be I . come on ! you know and you do not care . well , I think she should know that . SAM you think she 's go to thank you for that news , do you ? hedra well , I do not expect you to understand she friendship . she put she glass on the night table , and gather she shoe to put they back on she foot . SAM she can not ... she can not stand you , for Christ -sake ! hedra that 's not true . SAM oh , bullshit ! hedra huh-huh . she shake she head «no» . SAM you be too needy . you be always clean . you be constantly in she face . hedra she need I . who be there for she when she boss almost rape she ? SAM what ? hedra could you care of she ? you be off on a business trip or screwing someone . SAM she never say a word to I about that . after he pants , Sam have put he shirt back on . hedra get up from the bed where she be still sit . hedra that 's right , she tell I . she sit back on the bed . hedra so ... do not try and make I think that we be not close . we lean on each other and we ... we protect each other . we be best friend . SAM you be nut , you know that ? yes ... I think you be out of you skull , that 's right . hedra yeah , well , stick and stone ... he come near the bed and bend down to pick up something . hedra rush on he . hedra Sam ! he push she away from he . SAM do not touch I ! she sit back on the bed . hedra I be sorry . I be sorry . look , I know you want to save face . I will not tell she , okay ? just ... just pick up the phone and call she and tell she you be go back to you ex - wife , or something . and I will not say a word , okay ? SAM yeah ... well , you will not have to say a word , sweetheart , because I be go to tell she myself . he walk to the night - table and pick up the telephone . she throw one of she shoe towards he . the shoe hit the wall just above he head . hedra ( yell ) no ! he rush towards she , ready to hit she . SAM Fucking bitch ! but , before he reach she , she strike he very hard in the face with she other shoe . the stiletto heel of the shoe enter he leave eye , and , behind the eye , certainly enter he skull and he brain , because , instantly after the blow , Sam fall heavily on he back on the floor , where he remain motionless and unconscious . with she bare foot , hedra touch he cheek . hedra ( softly ) hey !... hey ! HOTEL atherton - lobby - interior night Close up on hedra 's foot walk on the rug . she 's wear both of she stiletto heel shoe . hedra go down some step and reach the hotel reception desk . the same hotel clerk , that we see earlier in the film , when Sam and allison come together into the hotel , be talk on the phone . he be talk in a soft voice , so we can not understand exactly what he 's say . but , when hedra walk in front of he desk , he put he hand on the receiver microphone , and say , in a louder voice : HOTEL clerk goodnight , miss Jones . without turn she head , hedra wave she hand . hedra goodnight . allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior day Close up on the clock on the night table : it say 06:22 . allison slowly wake up to some noise in the apartment . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day allison come out of she bedroom , wear a long sleeveless pink night shirt . she seem to be naked underneath . she walk around the room , look in every room which door be open . allison hedy ?... hedy ? she eventually find she in the live room , vigorously clean the mantlepiece . hedra be wear a long plain gray dress and red rubber glove . allison remain at the door of the room . allison hedy ? hedra look up at allison , but do not stop she clean . hedra oh , hi ! I hope I do not wake you . I get a early start . allison no , hedy , I do not mean for you to move out today . hedra look around the room . hedra oh , there , I think that 's it . she go out of the room into the hall . hedra I hope you do not mind . I be store some of my stuff in the cage downstairs . she resume she vigorous clean in the hall , start with the small shelf by the front door . hedra that way , I will not have to bother ... you see what I mean ... you know ... I mean ... allison have come near hedra . allison sure , that 's fine . look , I be really sorry it do not work out . hedra have stack «her stuff» near the front door . she pick they up : a red suitcase , a cardboard box and a large paper bag . she have take she rubber glove off and keep they in one hand . hedra well , I would better get this stuff out of here . allison walk to the door . allison I will help . she open the door . allison we can have breakfast when you get back . hedra walk out of the apartment . allison close the door , but remain behind it , lose in she thought . allison' build - basement - interior day hedra be rapidly walk along a corridor , carry «her stuff» . allison' build - incinerator room - interior day Close up on the open red suitcase . Inside , all the clothes that make hedra look like allison . hedra take the clothes out of the suitcase and put they into the open incinerator . then she spray some lighter fluid over the clothes . Close up on hedra 's hand strike a match on the side of a matchbox . she throw the match into the incinerator , and long flame immediately start on the clothes . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior day allison be fix breakfast . she have cut some fruit into small piece and she put they in the bowl of the blender . we hear some music from the tv in the background . allison walk to a cupboard on the wall to pick up a spice jar . the door lead to the live room be open , and the tv be on . allison give a quick look at the tv , on she way back from the cupboard to the kitchen work bench . allison put a bit of spice from the jar into the blender , close the lid and start the blender . male tv reporter ( voice over from the tv set ) and now , Morning news-break ... the rest of the word of the tv reporter be lose , cover by the noise from the blender . but the voice of a female reporter , be slightly louder , can be hear over the blender noise female tv reporter ( voice over from the tv set ) Police find the body of a man brutally murder early this morning . allison shut the blender off , and walk to the open door to watch tv . allison' apartment - live room - interior day Close up on the tv screen , show the reporter , stand , with she microphone in hand , near the entrance of the atherton Hotel . female tv reporter ( voice over from the tv set ) identification of the victim , a white male of around 30 year of age be pend notification of next of kin . reverse angle shot of allison , stand in the doorway and peel a banana . female tv reporter ( voice over from the tv set ) a witness I speak to just right here say ... reverse angle shot on the tv . female tv reporter ( voice over from the tv set ) ...he hear the sound of a struggle emanate from room 612 ... reverse angle shot on allison . female tv reporter ( voice over from the tv set ) ... around four o'clock this morning . allison suddenly realize that the room number be Sam 's one . she rush to the telephone set on the wall near the refrigerator . allison' apartment - kitchen - interior day allison dial very nervously a number on the phone . HOTEL clerk ( voice over from the phone ) atherton Hotel . allison Sam rawson 's room , please , room 6- 12 .. HOTEL clerk ( voice over on the phone ) I be sorry , there 's be a accident . I think you should speak to the police . she do not even wait for the end of the sentence , and drop the phone , let the receiver hang on its cord . she rush out of the kitchen . allison' build - incinerator room - interior day hedra be leave the room , carry «her stuff» . behind she , the incinerator door be wide open , and we see a bright fire inside . allison' build - basement - interior day across the corridor from the incinerator room , hedra reach allison 's private ucage . she drop «her stuff» and open the padlock . allison' apartment - bathroom - interior day allison be bend over the toilet bowl and vomit . allison' build - basement - interior day in the ucage , hedra take a boot out of the cardboard box . then she take a sock out of the boot , and delicately , take a black hand gun out of the boot . she put the gun in the paper back , above some clothes . allison' apartment - bathroom - interior day allison be still vomit in the toilet bowl . she slowly raise she head from the toilet bowl , try to catch she breath . she see hedra 's pair of stiletto heel shoe . underneath one of the heel , there be some trace of blood on the tile floor of the bathroom . kneel on the floor , allison take the shoe to look at it more closely . then she scream and throw it away , knock the other shoe down on the floor . she be still kneel on the floor , cry , when the door open and hedra enter the room . allison raise she head to look at hedra . hedra allie ? hedra see the stiletto heel shoe behind the toilet bowl , where it have be knock away . hedra what be you do down there ? allison remain kneel on the floor , just support herself on she arm . allison oh ... I just suddenly feel sick . it be the funniest thing . I hope I be not pregnant . hedra walk towards allison to help she stand up . hedra let I help you . allison stand up . allison oh , that 's all right , I be fine . hedra I will get some water . hedra walk to the basin , but wrap she hand in the bottom of she dress before touch the water tap . allison walk out of the room . hedra wait ! allison stop at the door , and turn around toward hedra . Close - up on the mirror above the basin , show hedra and allison stand next to each other . hedra drink some . allison take the tooth glass and drink . hedra stroke she shoulder . hedra okay ? allison put the glass down and shake she head '' yes» . hedra stroke the back of she head . hedra feeling better ? allison yeah . I can go out for a while . I feel much better now . allison' apartment - front hall - interior day allison walk out of the bathroom , follow by hedra . hedra I think you say breakfast ? allison have reach the front door , and she start unlock the door . allison oh , it 's in the blender . I have get to go out . hedra look at allison thin sleeveless night shirt and smile . hedra dress like that ? allison I be out . I be just go to go upstairs and see Graham . he call while you be out . hedra look at allison with a very strange expression on she face . she can see the tear on allison 's face . hedra well , still , if you be not feel well , you should wear more than that . allison maybe you be right . she walk away to she room . hedra put she hand on she face . hedra oh ... allison' apartment - allison' bedroom - interior day allison enter she room come from the hall . hedra ( voice over from the hall ) leave the door open so we can talk . allison grab a pair of pants and put they on . hedra enter slowly in the room , carry the large paper bag where she have put the gun . allison take she night shirt off . she be now naked from the waist up . but she grab a sweater and put it on . hedra you know why I think you be sick ? while talk , hedra slowly slide she hand into the paper bag , take a pair of black glove out of the bag and put the bag down on the floor . hedra you be upset about Sam . slowly , hedra put the black glove on she hand . hedra you know Sam 's dead , do not you ? allison turn around to face hedra . hedra yeah , we do not have much time . she pick up the bag and walk to a chest of drawer . she put the bag on the floor and open the top drawer . allison ( cry ) you do not ... you do not do it , hedy , do you ? hedra be take white pantie and bra from the drawer allison ( cry ) you could not have he ! she fall down , sit on the floor and cry . allison why ?... why ? hedra allie , he come in my mouth . then he try to beat the shit out of I because I want to tell you . she slam the drawer shut , and open another one . hedra you know , it be a accident . but he deserve it . she clap she hand . hedra okay , come on . the police will be here soon . allison do not move and remain seat on the floor . allison but ... but you should not run . that will only make it worse . I know you be not yourself when you do this , hedy . hedra laugh . hedra I know . I be you . she point she glove finger to allison , and then look at herself in the mirror . hedra who be this hedy anyway ? she turn around , and walk away from the mirror towards allison . hedra no one 's see she . she 's not on the lease . there 's not even a fingerprint of hers here . I have be clean like crazy . you have to come with I , allie , or they would put you away . allison hedy , it will never work . besides ... people have see you . we just can not tell . we will go to a lawyer or a doctor and they will explain it to the police , or something . hedra , who be now very upset , knock everything , that be on top of the chest of drawer , with a long sweeping movement , down on the floor . hedra no . she bend down and take the gun out of the paper bag . hedra why be you make I do this ? she snap a cartridge into the chamber of the gun . hedra we be friend , allie . you could be in a lot of trouble without I . but I be not go to leave you . she walk to allison and kneel on the floor besides she , point the gun to she head hedra that would not be right . I will not leave you . okay , let 's go . up ! up ! up ! she slap she face . allison' build - landing hall outside allison' apartment - interior day hedra lead allison along the hall . she be carry she paper bag in one hand and the gun in the other hand . she still have she glove on . allison be carry a small plastic case . hedra go ! go-go-go ! they reach the elevator and allison be ready to press the call button , but hedra move she away towards the staircase . hedra no - no , up to Graham 's . come on . no - no , he 's already involved . allison' build - MAIN staircase - interior day they climb the stair . hedra be push allison with she gun . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior day they reach Graham 's front door . allison ring the bell , wait a couple of second and turn around . allison nobody 's home . hedra take some key out of she bag and give they to allison with the glove hand that be still hold the gun . hedra use this . come on , come on , hurry up . go ! allison take the key and unlock the door . allison he must be sleep . we be up late last night . hedra seem very nervous . while allison be unlock the door , she keep look around she and press allison 's back with she gun . allison open the door , and enter the apartment , follow by hedra . allison Graham ? hedra he can not hear you . hedra close the door behind they . allison' build - exterior day low angle shot of the building , take from street level . graham' apartment - corridor - interior day hedra ( voice over ) wait till you see I . hedra come out of the bathroom , with a dark towel on she head . the cat cross the corridor and enter the bathroom . hedra put she towel down : she hair , instead of be red like allison 's , be now dark brown . hedra you color be beautiful , but I can not go around look like you any more , can I ? she smile . graham' apartment - live room - interior day hedra enter the live -room . hedra okay now , allie , do not laugh . she walk in front of the window , and make a couple of dance step . hedra ta-dah ! reverse angle shot on allison , tie up in a armchair with duct tape . each one of allison 's arm be tie on each armrest of the armchair . her leg be tie on the leg of the armchair , and she chest be tie on the back of the armchair . there be also a piece of tape across she face to keep she mouth shut . hedra laugh and turn the tv set on . the screen show a documentary about African fauna . hedra turn the volume slightly up . hedra how 's that ? good ? she put the remote control on the armrest of the armchair , within easy reach of allison 's right hand . allison do not move at all . hedra 22 and 24 be the movie channel . I have get to cash a pay cheque . so I will only be go a hour . I know how you hate to be alone . okay ... be you good and comfortable ? all right . she walk away from the armchair , take the towel off she neck and down on the back of a chair . she take she purse . hedra so , well ... when I get back , we will do you hair , too . okay ? be good . bye . she get out of the room . allison move for the first time : she turn she head around , then look back at the tv screen . reverse angle shot . on the tv screen , close up of a lion yawn . reverse angle shot . allison look at the remote control on the armrest . Close up on the remote control . almost at the top of the remote control , we see the two volume control button : up and down . and under that button , we see the two channel control button . Close up on allison 's face look at the remote control . Close up on allison 's right hand move the remote control on the armrest , to get the volume control button within reach of she forefinger . she press the up button . on the tv screen , we see the volume bar graph go up on the picture of a crocodile . and the volume of the music go up too . allison look at the remote control again . Close up on allison 's forefinger press one of the channel control button . on the screen , we see a different channel : a comic movie . a couple be have dinner in a restaurant and the waiter pour the water bucket on the man . another channel . a woman be sleep . a telephone ring . reverse angle shot on allison press the channel control button . we hear a male voice for a couple of second , then allison change the channel again . the tv screen see from behind allison 's hand dial on the remote control . there be a cartoon on the screen . then another channel show the concert of a rock music band . Close up on allison 's face look at the screen and then at the remote control in she hand . reverse angle shot on the tv set . the volume bar graph be go up again until it reach the end of the graph . the volume of the sound of the rock music be very high . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior day we hear the rock music very loudly in the empty hall . the front door of apartment 1206 open slowly . a man with glass on he nose peek into the hall . he seem very annoyed by the noise . bank office - hall - interior day Close up on the hand of hedra write '' ellen besch» on the back of a cheque on the cashier 's counter . in front of she , we see the hand of the cashier girl on the other side of the glass partition . cashier girl ( voice over ) what 's the part this time ? larger view of the bank office hall . hedra be stand in front of the cashier 's desk . we see the cashier girl through the partition glass . behind hedra , a man be wait for he turn , read a newspaper . hedra Excuse I ? through the open at the bottom of the partition , she give she cheque to the girl . closer shot . now we be on the cashier 's side of the partition , and we see hedra 's face through the glass . cashier girl you be a actress , right ? you be never the same person twice . reverse angle shot . we be now on hedra 's side of the partition , and we see the cashier girl through the glass : she be a blonde girl about the same age as hedra . she put she finger on she own hair . cashier girl I like it . I just think the other be more you . reverse angle shot . cashier 's side . hedra well , maybe next time I will try blonde . reverse angle shot . hedra 's side . the cashier girl smile . cashier girl really ? I be flatter . thanks . a male bank clerk , sit at a desk behind the cashier girl , stand up and walk to the partition glass . bank clerk miss besch ? hedra yes ? bank clerk a man 's be call here . say he 's you father . reverse angle shot . cashier 's side . hedra seem worried by what the man be say . bank clerk ( voice over ) might even come to New York if you do not call he . hedra run away from the counter . bank clerk ( voice over ) miss besch ! graham' apartment - live room - interior day on the tv set , the rock band be still play with the sound volume very loud . reverse angle shot on allison , try to free herself from the armchair where she be tie up . but the duct tape be strong enough and she jerky movement do not bring any result . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior day outside Graham 's apartment . we hear the loud rock music very clearly . the building manager be stand by the door , with the neighbor from apartment 1206 behind he . the neighbor have he glass hang around he neck on a string . the building manager ring the bell . then he bang on the door with he fist . build manager hey ! graham' apartment - live room - interior day allison turn she head towards the front door and try to speak through the tape stick on she mouth . allison mmmm ! she start move again to free herself from the armchair , but she do not succeed . the bell ring again . allison turn she hear towards the front door . a busy STREET in new - york - exterior day hedra be walk very fast on the sidewalk . she pass a fruit shop and bump into a pedestrian girl , but do not stop to apologize . the pedestrian girl jerk ! hedra keep on walk very fast . she seem worried . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior day the manager have a key ring with many key in he hand . he be sorting they try to find the right key to the apartment . allison' build - MAIN lobby - interior day hedra be crossing the lobby , walk very fast . she reach the elevator and press the call button . graham' apartment - live room - interior day on the tv screen , a video clip with loud rock music behind . reverse angle shot on allison , still try to free herself from the armchair . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior day Close up on the manager 's hand put the key in the keyhole . graham' apartment - live room - interior day allison hear the key move in the keyhole and turn she head towards the front door . Close up on the video clip : a man be run , apparently chase by man armed with spear . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior day hedra just come out of the elevator and be close the inner door of the cabin . she turn the corner of the hall and suddenly see the manager and the neighbor near Graham 's door . she run towards they and yell . hedra oh ! the apartment door be wide open , but , when they see hedra , the two man do not enter the apartment . the neighbor go back into he own apartment , but the manager remain just outside the apartment . build manager you live here ? hedra close the door to talk to the manager , but she do not lock it . hedra no , no , I be just watch the place for the week - end like that . it 's on a timer . huh ... huh ... I be sorry . build manager I have to register a complaint . hedra please , I will turn it off . I will . she enter the apartment and close the door shut behind she . graham' apartment - live room - interior day allison turn she head towards the front door . hedra enter the room , walk very fast . she drop she purse on a chair and walk to the tv set . she switch it off . then she walk slowly towards allison , with a quite menace face . she give allison a very hard slap in the face . she kneel down in front of she , and shake she shoulder a couple of time . then she stop but remain kneel on the floor , while she 's talk to she . hedra how could you do that ? everything I have do , I have do for you . do not you understand that ? people you hate , I hate . she stand up . hedra people like you do not care . she knock a large metal vase down on the floor . hedra just like that stupid girl in Tampa . she call my parent , too . told they all my secret . she come behind allison and pull she hair to tilt she head back . hedra you want to put I away , huh ? she release allison 's hair . hedra I can not ... I can not keep make excuse for you , allie . I can not ... I can not ... I can not ... I can not ... I can not ... she walk out of the room . she be cry . hedra oh God !... oh God !... ohhh ! we hear she cry in the next room . allison turn she head slightly towards she . Close up on allison 's face . we hear hedra scream and break thing . allison seem terrify . hedra come back into the room . she have a big knife with a serrate blade in she hand . Close up on allison 's face . she seem more and more terrify . she start moan under she tape gag . hedra be now just behind allison . she put the tip of the blade on allison 's throat , then the full length of the blade . hedra what ?... what ? she tear the tape off allison 's mouth . allison please ... hedra no . hedra 's face be now very close to allison 's one . allison raise she head and kiss hedra on the mouth . Close up on the serrate blade of the knife on allison 's throat . the blade be ready to tear the skin , but do not move further . slowly , allison move she mouth away from hedra 's one . allison ( whisper ) do not make I leave you , ellen . hedra slowly raise up . she have a strange look on she face . she seem not to understand the situation anymore . Close - up on allison 's head and throat . we can see the slightly bloody mark leave by the serrate blade . allison look at hedra move away from she with a anxious face . hedra kneel down in front of allison . she bend down to rest she face on allison 's lap , and start cry . allison move she hand as far as she can and stroke hedra 's hair . allison shhh !... it 's okay . it 's okay . Close - up on a wallet on the floor , close to allison 's foot . allison be try to reach it with she foot , but she can not because of she leg still be tape on the armchair . allison ( voice over ) we have get to get out of here now . she eventually succeed in kick the wallet away from the armchair . and she keep on stroking hedra 's hair , still cry on she lap . new york - exterior evening large overview of the city . there be still daylight , but we can tell , by the color of the sky , that we be get closer to the night . fontana fashion office - MAIN hall - interior evening in the forefront , Mitchell 's assistant , Barbara , be type on the keyboard of a computer . behind she , we see row of dress on hanger . suddenly , the woman stare at the screen . we hear strange click and beep noise come from the computer . barbara Jesus ... she stand up , with horror in she face , and yell . barbara Mitch ! fontana fashion office - mitchell's office - interior evening the room be much smaller , and quite dark . a blonde woman be sit on a armchair in front of a desk . Mitchell be stand behind she . Mitchell be slightly rock the armchair and the blonde woman 's eye be close . mitchell what ? he do not stop rock the armchair . barbara ( voice over from the main hall ) get in here . mitchell what ? he reluctantly leave the armchair and walk out of the room . fontana fashion office - MAIN hall - interior evening Mitchell cross the hall mitchell what be it ? what ? the computer be still make strange beep noise . on the screen , picture of dress appear and then disappear immediately . barbara look . Close up on the screen . a data chart title '' fontana fashion '' have appear . the extreme leave column be label '' expenses» , and underneath , a list of all the expense ( lease - telephone - payroll - liability ... and son on ) . the other column on the right be label '' jan» to '' apr» , and underneath list of number corresponding to the various monthly expense . but , the data chart have hardly appear on the screen that the column of number start erase themselves one by one , start with January . barbara it 's erase . then , when all the number have be erase , a window appear on the screen with '' lost !» write in red letter in it . another data chart appear on the screen : the expense from May to August . and , on this chart , the column of number also start to erase themselves . Mitchell look severely at Barbara . she raise she hand . barbara I do not do anything . suddenly , Mitchell seem to remember something . mitchell shit ! he run away toward he office . the blonde woman be stand in the doorway of the office . Mitchell brutally push she away . fontana fashion office - mitchell's office - interior evening Mitchell type something on the keyboard of he computer . we hear the computer beep . Close - up on the computer screen . a data chart title '' production line , and underneath '' fontana fashion production line» . underneath , four column of number label '' order» , '' sam» , '' schedule '' and '' completed» . all the number in this column be erase themselves . and then appear the window with '' lost !» in red letter . mitchell ( voice over ) on mine , too ! then another rectangular window appear on the screen . on the leave of the window , the draw of a bomb with a light wick stick out of it . on the rest of the window , the follow text : the last payment in fulfillment of the Contract between fontana fashion and allison Jones be now past due . please contact allison Jones at 212-555-9814 within 24 hour of the rest of you data will be irretrievably lose . Mitchell bend down to have a better look at the screen . Close up on the screen , while Mitchell read out loud : mitchell ( voice over ) the last payment in fulfillment of the Contract between fontana fashion and allison Jones be past due . please contact allison Jones ... medium shot of Mitchell read what 's write on the screen . mitchell ... in 24 hour of the rest of you data will be irretrievably lose . this payment police program be install on all of allison Jones software . " Mitchell jump up . mitchell bitch ! graham' apartment - working room - interior evening allison be seat behind Graham 's desk . she unplug the cord from the telephone set and plug it in the back of a small portable computer . shot on floor level . we see the bottom of the desk chair and allison 's leg , around which there be still some duct tape . hedra be kneel on the floor near the desk . she have a telephone cord in she hand . hedra ( voice over ) should I just plug this in the phone jack ? allison ( voice over ) huh-huh . hedra get up and look at what allison be do with the computer . allison great . hedra can you make reservation on this ? allison hm -m . and you can pay by credit card . Close up on hedra 's face who look intensely at allison , not believe completely that allison be not try to fool she . allison L.A. , right ? hedra yeah . she walk away . fontana fashion office - MAIN hall - interior evening Close up on allison Jones ' business card . above she name , a logo that read '' concept software . under allison 's name , the title '' Software designer» , and underneath '' 768 West 74th Street , suite 1103 , New york» , and underneath '' ( 212 ) 555-9814 '' . on the top of the card , write with a pencil '' 555-8796 knox .. barbara ( voice over ) no answer at the first number . Mitchell 's forefinger point at the pencile number on the card . mitchell ( voice over ) what about this number ? Mitchell be stand near Barbara 's desk . she have the telephone receiver to she ear , try to reach someone to help they . Mitchell bring the next desk telephone to he by pull it by its cord . he start dial on the telephone . we hear the «engaged» tone . mitchell busy . he throw the receiver on the desk . he start walk away , then turn to Barbara . mitchell you turn they off . ( yell ) turn they all off ! Barbara remain calm , with the telephone receiver still at she ear . Mitchell run out of the room , and Barbara put the telephone down . graham' apartment - working room - interior evening Close up on the computer screen . the window be title '' compuserve» . underneath it read '' Flight reservation» . and underneath '' browse flight by fares» . underneath : '' departure City : .. next to it a box , where we see the letter '' JFK '' be type . underneath '' destination City : .. next to it , another box , where we see the letter '' lax '' be type . another window appear , title '' Flight information» , and give all the detail of the different flight between New - York and Los Angeles . allison be sit at the desk type on the computer , and hedra be stand next to she . hedra thing be go to be different in l.a , allie . you will see . allison first class ? hedra be it worth it ? allison well , we can use one of Graham 's card . I think I see he wallet in the live room . hedra oh ... I too . okay , I will go and see . she get out of the room . Close up on the computer screen . it switch from '' Flight information» to '' Main menu» , and then to '' Chat -mail menu» . Close up on allison 's face focus on she type on the computer . Close up on the computer screen . it read '' cb simulator» , and underneath '' Chat mode initiated» , and underneath '' user : don193» . underneath , we see the follow word be type : please help I . this be not a joke . hedra ( voice over from the live room ) I can not find it . allison be type very fast . she know she do not have much time . allison I know I see it somewhere . maybe it 's in the kitchen . Close up on the computer screen . the follow word have be add : i'm at 768 w.74 th STREET , apt . back on allison sit at the desk and type . slowly and silently , hedra enter the room . Close up on hedra 's angry face . she bend down allison at the desk see from behind . suddenly we hear the noise of a plug be pull off from its socket . the computer screen become all black and allison turn quickly around . hedra be point she gun at she . allison no ! no ! no ! no ! allison' build - MAIN lobby - interior evening Close up shot on the window above the elevator door . we see the elevator come down . the camera follow the elevator down to floor level . Mitchell be wait in front of the elevator door . the elevator outer door open . hedra be inside . she keep the inner door shut . hedra go down . the outer door close in front of a bewilder Mitchell . allison' build - basement - interior evening hedra open the door of allison 's private ucage , and enter the cage . she try to open a suitcase , but do not succeed . she slap nervously the suitcase . she then find another suitcase , which be open . she try to fit herself inside the suitcase , and more or less succeed . she seem very nervous . she get out of the suitcase , close it and carry it out of the cage . allison' build - elevator cabin - interior evening Close up on the number above the door . they go from '' 9 '' to '' 10» , and then to '' 11» . hedra be watch the number . the elevator stop . the outer door open . Mitchell be there , wait for the elevator . he open the inner door and come in the cabin . the outer door close automatically and the elevator cabin start move up again he look at the control panel , where the 12th floor be light . then he look at hedra , who look back at he with a rather unwelcome face . the elevator stop and Mitchell go out first . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior night through the window , we can see that night have come . Mitchell go out of the elevator , follow by hedra pull she suitcase behind she . hedra go directly to Graham 's apartment . Mitchell first go in the opposite direction , and then come back towards hedra . mitchell oh ... Excuse I , miss , be this 1203 ? be Graham knox at home ? hedra be now in front of Graham 's door and put the key in the keyhole . Mitchell have catch up with she , and be stand behind she . hedra no , he 's on a cruise . mitchell actually , I be look for a woman allison Jones ? do you know she ? hedra suddenly stop unlock the door . hedra who be you ? mitchell Mitchell myerson . hedra turn around to face Mitchell . mitchell she do a job for I . hedra oh ... there 's no one name Jones on this floor . mitchell yeah , I know that . I be just down at she apartment . but I do contact she here once . hedra well , I be the only one here and I never meet she . so ... you will excuse I . she bend down to pick up the suitcase . mitchell oh , sorry . Mitchell bend down to help she . he pick up the suitcase and look at it . mitchell this be hers . you do know she . we hear a muffle scream come from inside the apartment . hedra open the door to get inside as fast as possible , but Mitchell catch she and throw she aside . more muffle scream come from the apartment . Mitchell rush into the apartment , and close the door shut behind he . hedra rush to the door , but too late . graham' apartment - live room - interior night Mitchell rush into the room , stop and look down . allison be lie on the carpet , completely tie up in duct tape , look like a human salami . she be gag by another piece of tape . when she see Mitchell , she start wriggle and scream through she gag . mitchell ( voice over ) what the fuck be go on here ? he kneel down and tear the tape off she mouth . allison be careful , she 's crazy . hedra enter the room , point she gun towards Mitchell . hedra get off of she . Mitchell , still kneel down across allison 's body , turn around . mitchell what ? hedra walk towards he , still point she gun with both hand in front of she . hedra you think she want you touch she , huh ? I say get off she ! mitchell okay , okay ... I be ... I be get up . okay . he get up very slowly with he hand raise at he shoulder level . and suddenly , he grab the gun and throw hedra across the room . she fall on a round table , which break under she weight . she remain motionless on the floor . allison look anxiously at the scene , but , from she lie position on the carpet , do not see everything . Mitchell put the gun inside he belt and kneel down to untie allison . allison where be she ? mitchell do not worry about she , I take care of she . hedra suddenly come behind he , and strike he very hard on the head with a statuette . he fall down on the floor . hedra rush to he and pick up the gun from he belt . she take a cushion from the back of a armchair , put the cushion on Mitchell 's face and press the barrel of the gun on the cushion . allison scream . graham' apartment - bathroom - interior night Graham be lie in the empty bathtub , with he cat sleep on he right shoulder . there be a few trace of blood on the side of the bathtub . we hear the muffle sound of a gun shot . then a scream from allison and another gunshot . the camera move closer to Graham 's face . he have a large bloody bump on he forehead . there be a slight move of he head , then a slight blink of he eyelid . graham' apartment - live room - interior night Close up on hedra 's hand take some pill out of a medicine bottle . hedra I do not want to try to be love any more . and you know ... the camera move up to hedra 's face . hedra I do not want to be scared any more . or to kill any more . I do not want to kill any more . I do not want to be alone any more . I do not want to be anything any more . I do not need a reason to kill myself , I need a reason not to and there be not one . hedra turn she head towards allison sit at the desk in front of the computer . the camera move away to a larger shot , and we see that the gun be stick in the hollow of hedra 's leave elbow . hedra you do not want to say anything special to anyone ? allison shake she head «no» . hedra okay , '' allison jones» , go on . Close up on the computer screen . we see the word hedra just dictate : '' I do not want to try to be love ...» and so on up to «... there be not one . '' the word '' allison jones» be be type . back to hedra point she gun to allison . she take allison 's hand and press it on the screen of the computer . hedra now they will know it be you . allison no one who know I will believe that I write that . I be never that scared . well ... not like that . hedra of course it 's you . I never meet anyone so scared of be alone . and I save you from that , but you do not care . she bring a glass of water to allison , who take it . hedra do you know that identical twin be never really identical ? there 's always one that 's prettier . and the one who 's not do all the work . she use I and then she leave I . just like you . she put the barrel of the gun on allison 's temple , and she open she leave hand in front of allison 's face . hedra come on ... take they . come on , allie , it 's nicer this way . allison okay . Close up on hedra 's hand full of blue pill . she pour they into allison 's leave hand . allison 's other hand still hold the glass of water . without warning , allison suddenly smashes the glass on hedra 's face . then the two girl start fight for the gun . allison slam hedra 's hand on a mirror hang on the wall . the glass of the mirror break into small piece , but hedra do not drop the gun . the two girl keep on fight on the floor , knock various object around they . Close up of allison 's hand hold hedra 's hand with the gun , and smash it through the window . the pane break into small piece , and hedra drop the gun on the balcony . hedra move away from allison . Close up of allison 's hand pick up a piece of glass lie near the gun on the balcony . allison slashes hedra 's chest with the break piece of glass . hedra fall on the floor and allison rush out of the room . hedra get up and pick up the gun from the balcony . graham' apartment - corridor - interior night allison be fumble with the lock and the safety bar of the front door . hedra rush into the corridor , point she gun at allison . hedra allie ! allison have open the door and turn around to face hedra . hedra walk slowly along the corridor towards allison . hedra please ... allison still have the piece of break glass in she hand . behind hedra , we see Graham move in the bathroom . hedra please ... reverse angle shot to allison stand in the open doorway and hold the piece of break glass . allison I be not like you sister , hedy . not any more . I be like you now . Close up on the barrel of the gun . Graham rush out of the bathroom , grab hedra by the waist and fall with she on the floor . allison ( voice over ) Graham ! Graham bang hedra 's head repeatedly on the floor . hedra succeed in move slightly away from he , and try to point she gun toward he . hedra I will kill you ! allison rush towards they , grab hedra by she foot , and pull she towards the front door . hedra , still lie on she stomach while be pull away by allison , still try desperately to point she gun towards Graham . allison get off he ! allison succeed in pull hedra out of the apartment . hedra grab the front door with both hand to try to resist allison 's pull . allison' build - landing hall outside graham' apartment - interior night allison pull a little harder , and hedra 's hand be squeeze by the door . she scream . allison let go of hedra 's leg to close the door shut . allison Graham , stay inside ! graham ( voice over from inside the apartment ) all right . allison run away towards the elevator . hedra , still lie on the floor , raise she gun towards allison and shoot . allison scream : she 's be shot in the leave shoulder . hedra shoot again , but allison hide behind the corner of the wall of the hall . hedra get up to run after allison . Close up on the elevator . allison be already inside the cabin and close the inner door just as hedra reach the elevator . allison' build - elevator cabin - interior day hedra no ... no ... no ... allison pull hedra right arm through the vertical bar of the inner door , and open it again , squeezing hedra 's arm very hard . hedra scream and drop she gun on the cabin floor . allison close the inner door shut . Close up of allison 's hand pick the gun up from the floor . hedra no ... no ... no ... hedra watch the outer door close slowly . allison point the gun towards hedra and press the trigger several time . but nothing happen : there be no more cartridge in the chamber of the gun . hedra open the inner door to get into the elevator . allison try to prevent she from get in , but hedra eventually succeed in get into the cabin . she close the inner door , and the outer door close itself automatically . hedra throw allison against the wall of the cabin . then she bang she head very hard against the wall . allison pull hedra away from she . hedra hit the wall on the other side of the cabin , and fall on the floor . allison rush and fall on hedra , but hedra push she away from she . the two girl start fight in the cabin . they fall on the floor , hedra on top of allison . hedra try to strangle allison . Close up of allison 's face choke under the pressure of hedra 's hand . short reverse angle close up shot of hedra 's face , then back to allison 's face . Close up on the screwdriver hang from its chain and rock gently with the movement of the elevator . allison 's hand try to catch it and do not succeed . back on allison 's face , suffocating more and more under hedra 's strangulation . back , for a couple of second , to allison 's hand try to catch the screwdriver , and then back to she suffocating face . Close up on allison 's hand which have eventually catch the screwdriver , then back to she face . the face slowly relax as allison fall into unconsciousness . her arm , which be extend to catch the screwdriver , fall on the floor of the cabin . hedra watch allison 's face intently . then , when she realize that allison be unconscious , she bend down and kiss she on the cheek . she bring allison 's both arm along allison 's side , then she put she head on she chest and kiss she hand . allison' build - basement - interior day the outer door of the elevator open , and , through the vertical bar of the inner door , we can see allison still lie on she back on the floor of the cabin . hedra open the inner door , then pull allison by the leg out of the elevator . hedra ( snort under the effort of pull allison ) huh ... huh ... she pull allison along the corridor of the basement . she reach the door open on the emergency staircase , and kick it shut . she suddenly stop and look intently at allison lie on the floor . she grab a green blanket on a shelf and wrap allison 's face in it . she push a a heavy metallic storage shelf cabinet along the wall all the way to the emergency staircase door , in order to prevent it from be open by anyone come from the staircase . then she pull down a big lever on the wall on the side of the cage where the elevator machinery be enclose . we suppose it be the emergency switch of the elevator , and that she also want to prevent anyone come down to the basement from use the elevator . allison' build - incinerator room - interior day hedra pick up some piece of dry wood from a wheelbarrow and put they inside the incinerator , where some flame be still burn . allison' build - basement - interior day hedra push the empty wheelbarrow along the corridor of the basement . suddenly she stop , drop the wheelbarrow and emit a short scream . reverse angle shot on the green blanket on the floor . allison be go . hedra look very worried . hedra allie ? she run to the blanket , but do not stop and keep on run to the elevator . she give a quick look inside the open cabin , then try to open a large lock gate , near the elevator , but do not succeed . hedra ( yell ) allie ? she go back along the corridor the way she come from . near the place where she leave the wheelbarrow , she come to a door mark '' storage» , and open it hedra hey , here you be . but this be just a closet full of various junk . hedra think she hear something and quickly turn around . she take a big iron hook from the storage closet and start walk menacingly along the corridor . hedra do not make I come get you ... allie , come out now ... come on ... allie !... she bang the hook on a vertical pipe on the wall . Close up on a rat scuttling away from the noise . Close up on allie hide in a big metal box , near the ceiling of the basement . this metal box be obviously a part of the ventilation system . hedra ( voice over ) come on ! the rat be run along a large horizontal pipe towards allison , who seem frighten by it . High angle shot of hedra see from allison 's hide place . hedra ( scream ) come out now ! Close up on allison 's face , frighten by the rat . reverse angle close up shot of the rat come towards we and allison . back to allison look at the rat . hedra ( voice over ) allie , please . High angle shot of hedra . she be cry . hedra I be scared ! where be you ? the rat have reach allison 's hide place . she push it down from the pipe where it be stand . the rat fall on hedra 's shoulder . she scream . allison hide back into the ventilation metal box not to be see by hedra . hedra throw the rat on the floor . the rat run away . hedra look up at the place where the rat fall from . Close up at allison 's hide place . the metal box seem empty . hedra ( voice over ) allie ... allison' build - incinerator room - interior day hedra come back into the incinerator room . just above the open door of the incinerator , there be a big ventilation metal box , similar to the one allison be hide in . hedra bang the box with she hook . she must think that allison be crawl inside the ventilation system . allison' build - basement - interior day allison be peek from behind a corner of the corridor . reverse angle shot show what allison see . we - and she - see the incinerator room with hedra bang she hook on the ventilation system . allison' build - incinerator room - interior day hedra be walk backward , away from the incinerator . she hear a strange noise and turn around . allison' build - basement - interior day we see the open door of a cage slightly move with a squeaking noise . hedra walk toward the cage . hedra why be you hide from I ? Close up on a big wooden closet with two door . a piece of green fabric be stick out between the two close door . hedra bang she hook on the closet . hedra you think I can not find you ? huh ? you goddam shirt be stick out of it . she open the door , see herself in a mirror at the back of the closet , and think it 's allison , bang she hook on the mirror and break it . hedra back up one step from the closet . and suddenly , allison , who be hide in the pipework on the ceiling , fall down upside down , hang from she leg hook in the pipework . she stab hedra in the back with the elevator screwdriver . hedra scream , and try to take the screwdriver off she back . allison drop on the floor . hedra try to hit she with the hook , but allison grab she arm . with she other free hand , allison pull the screwdriver out of hedra 's back , then immediately stick it again in another place on hedra 's back . hedra allie ... hedra slowly fall on the floor , where she remain motionless . allison look down at she , try to catch she breath back . she kneel down to close hedra 's eyelid . black screen allison ( voice over ) I cry the whole week of Sam 's funeral . allison' new apartment - live room - interior day this be allison 's new place . actually it be the apartment allison visit with Sam , just before the puppy 's death . some furniture from the old apartment , and a lot of unopen box on the floor . it look like if allison just move in . very large window overlook New - York . allison be stand near one of the window , with she back toward we . allison ( voice over ) Graham say that will not bring he back . he say I have to start let go . he 's right . Close up on hedra 's collection of photograph , lie near the shoebox where she use to stock they . in the forefront , the black and white picture of hedra and she twin sister hold a dog between they . allison ( voice over ) hedy 's parent say that for year they would try to explain she that she sister 's death be not she fault . we see allison 's hand take the picture one by one . allison ( voice over ) but she never forgive herself for survive . the last picture she take be the black and white picture of the twin with the dog . she put all the picture back in the shoebox , with the twin and dog picture on the top . allison ( voice over ) so every day , I try to forgive hedy for Sam . allison put the lid back on the shoebox . allison ( voice over ) then I try to do what she could not ... forgive myself . the camera move slowly away from the shoebox to a last photograph hide underneath some wrapping plastic material . allison ( voice over ) I know what can happen to someone who do not . Close up on the picture . it look like the picture of the face of one woman . but actually , the picture be a mixture of two picture . the leave half - side of the picture show allison 's face , when the right half - side show hedra 's face . credit the credit be roll up on the picture of hedra / allison for about 25 second , then fade - out to black screen , where the end of the credit be roll up .