for you consideration sing STREET best original screenplay John carney the weinstein company sing STREET " this be school " written by John carney Card over Black : '' the ' 60 never really happen in Ireland . so the ' 80s will be the ' 60 . and the ' 80s will make the ' 60 look like the ' 5as . " a alcoholic . pre-title : ext . synge STREET school - dublin CITY - morning two fifteen year - old boy stand outside this rough , inner city school on a cold , rainy morning . they be conor and darren . conor be a middle class kid with a posh accent . Darren be a local boy , with a tough Dublin accent . they be elbow by pass student enter the school gate . some of they mince past they , imply that they be gay - this two be outsider . conor will be handsome when he grow up . while most of the other boy have standard issue tight haircut , conor 's be long and tousle . he sport two black eye , make he look like a panda . Darren have acne , buck tooth , brace and bifocal . his face be a mess . they be both look across the road . we do not see at what . conor who 's she ? darren I do not know . she 's always there . conor she 's beautiful . darren yeah . good luck . she do not speak to anyone . stuck - up cow . conor who say ? darren ciaran mackie from third year say he try to get she digit . conor ( confuse ) you mean she number ? ( continued ) darren yeah . no luck . he say she have a boyfriend who 's a drug dealer . she 's not interested any of the boy in the school . conor oh yeah ? why 's she stand there then ? Darren shrug . conor take a breath , set off , crossing the road . ext . synge STREET school - morning we track with he over he shoulder , arrive at a 16 year - old girl , who be stand on the stoop of a house , a unlit cigarette dangle from she purple lip . conor stand in front of she . she have a great look : lot of black . good makeup . back -comb hair . early ' 80s teen -chic . she 's ahead of she time , and anything but ordinary . conor need a light ? girl no . I be try to give up . conor cool . I do not have any match anyway . silence . he do not go away . conor why be not you at school ? girl I do not go to school . ( beat ) I be a model . conor cool . like , for magazine , and stuff ? girl I be go to London soon . just wait for my portfolio shot . there 's no real work for model in Dublin , you know . conor yeah . I know . ( continued ) he think . conor oh yeah , I mean to ask - do you want to be in a video ? for my band ? girl you be in a band ? conor yes . and we need a girl for it . there 's like a story . it 's call a '' Story - board '' video . you could be the girl . in the story . if you be free . have you be in a video before ? girl no. ( beat ) be that a problem ? conor I hope not . i’1l ask the producer . girl who 's the producer ? conor that kid behind I . she look over he shoulder , pull onto Darren , who wave nonchalantly . girl when be we shoot ? I be pretty busy . conor Saturday after next . I can call you with the detail . if I have you digit . she put the cigarette away , take out she pen . he produce he journal , hand it to she . she flick through it , it 's full of thought and drawing . conor lyric . raphina so if you be in a band , sing I a song . conor I be not sing here . ( continued ) raphina what , you will have to sing in front of thousand of people . I be just one . sing . conor what ? raphina sing anything off the radio . he reluctantly sing a hesitant but tuneful few line from a popular song . she smile . she write down she number on the cover . he smile , turn back . score . int . synge STREET school - morning we track back with he across the street as he approach Darren , who can not believe what he 's see . conor we need to form a band ... freeze Frame . a loud , energetic punk song crash in on the track . song and title run over : title sequence - montage a montage of news storey , rock video , magazine cover , headline . it 's the early eighty , and it 's Ireland . midway through the worst recession since the 1950s . title sequence - montage across the irish sea , in London , news report see thatcher wave to the crowd . City boy talk into early mobile telephone , get into sport car . armani suit , and gold cuff link . title sequence - montage but back in Ireland : bomb in the North , petrol queue in the South . desert building site , brick - up building . more black and white , than London 's technicolor . int . conor 's kitchen - day we start to pull out from a old tv set . the 9 o'clock news be on . the volume turn down low . int . conor '’s kitchen ( continuous ) - day we find ourselves in a large kitchen . High ceiling and rattling sash window , in what 100 year ago be a fine georgian home . now , thing be a little fade . the room be cold and unwelcome . very little on the shelf . a family on a budget . sitting around the kitchen table be : conor ( no black eye yet ) , and he parent , penny and ROBERT , both in they mid forty . they have just finish a meal of spag boll . though it 's more spag than boll . penny fill up she glass of cheap supermarket wine . Robert pick he tooth with a toothpick . he be drink a whiskey and smoking . penny check she watch . they be sit in silence , as if wait for something to happen . conor be wear a woolly hat , and he coat , indoors . Card : one month earlier int . conor '’s kitchen ( continuous ) - day finally , the sound of someone racing down the stair from above . the door open and brendan , ( 20 ) , tumble into the room carry a ash tray , glass of wine , tobacco pouch , roll papers and match . he sit down at the vacant seat , beside he brother . Brendan have long hair , and a moustache . he 's handsome . brendan this meeting have be call to order . pray proceed . he light a cigarette . ROBERT okay , so we want to talk about finances . penny ? penny what ? go ahead . brendan ( to he brother ) this be go to be heavy . ROBERT well , as you might have notice - you mother and I be really struggle at the moment , like the rest of the country . I have not have a single commission this year . you mother be on a three day week . it do not look like it 's go to get much brighter . ( continued ) he knock back he drink . the kid wait for what 's come next . penny so we have have a look through the account , and we see quite a significant save if we be to alter the education situation . conor what '' education situation '' ? brendan ( intuit ) he mean you school . they be take you out of school . conor ( excited ) what ?! ROBERT we be not take you out of school . we be transfer you from one school to another . conor why !? ROBERT we have to make some cut to the budget . I have suggest take you brother out of college , but he 's already drop out of he own volition . brendan ( raise a glass ) thank you dad . conor cut ? I be already wear three jumper , indoors . and a hat . I read by candlelight ! and it 's the 1980 . I be like tiny Tim up there ! Brendan laugh . ROBERT do not act so entitle . I grow up in a council house with five brother . brendan ( mock surprised ) really ? tell we about that dad . for the first time ever . ( continued ) silence . penny a school that 's close by . so there 's no transport cost . you can cycle in . and you can get lunch back here . there 's two savings already ! it 's a non - fee pay school . ROBERT that jesuit be far too soft on you anyway . brendan the jesuit have a long history of education . ROBERT so do the Christian Brothers . conor who be the Christian Brothers ? brendan the Christian Brothers , conor , be a order of the Catholic Church , appoint in the education , formation , and beat of they young charge . ROBERT oh be quiet Brendan ! six year at the hand of the jesuit yourself , and look at what they do for you ! brendan well they do not beat I . penny Brendan ! cut that out . synge Street be a perfectly reputable school . you 'il settle in in no time . conor you can not just change in the middle of the year . just when I be make friend and settling in . this could scar I . long-term ! ROBERT just deal with this , conor . you know what the Christian brother 's motto be ? '' viriliter Age '' . that mean '' Act manly '' . this meeting be over . ( continued ) Brendan get up . he squeeze conor 's shoulder , big brother style , and exit . his parent go about they business . we push in on conor , alone . ext . conor 's house ( continuous ) - day the door slam as conor exit he house , zipping up he jacket . he march down the driveway . he wear brown cord with a slight flare to they . leather shoe . jumper . this be a leafy suburb of Dublin . Middle class , safe , protect . but conor 's house stand out . it have see better day . it need a new coat of paint , and the garden could do with a mow . a car be park in the driveway , but have not be use in a good while . Three push bike be lean against the gate instead . he walk up the street with he hand in he pocket . ext . jesuit school sport ground - day this be a large sport ground in a leafy Jesuit school . Nice , red brick building , very peaceful . it 's the weekend , and student be practice track , rugby , cricket . a big copper beech tree shade the cricket train net . conor be at the wicket , bat in hand . two friend be play with he . they all speak with posh , South -side accent . conor so guy , I be not come back after the break . friend 1 the hell ? why ? conor the old pair be move I to a different school . friend 2 dick . why ? conor they say they have no money . the ball whizze past he . he miss by a mile , throw down the bat in frustration . they take a break . conor but we still hang out , yeah ? friend 2 totally man . ( continued ) conor at weekend and stuff . right ? friend 1 absolutely . so where be you go ? conlet ? conor do not respond . friend 2 Gonzaga ? conor synge Street . his friend exchange look after they see he 's not joke . conor what ?? it can not be that bad ? one of they mock -hug he . friend 2 seriously bro , it 's be nice know you . his friend laugh . we hold on conor , the gravity of he situation sink in . int . jesuit school office - moment later conor be sit in a cosy , large office . across from he , he history teacher , and headmaster , father wait ( late 5as ) . fr. wait smoke a pipe , sit on the edge of he desk . he be prematurely grey , and have a warm , understanding appearance . his secretary , a heavy woman in she fifty , sit in a anteroom , type , off . father wait we will be sorry to be lose you . synge Street be a fine school in its day . it have a poor reputation now , but I be sure that 's exaggerated . the Christian Brothers can be a little tough to my mind , but they get the work do . conor no more rugby . no cricket practice . debate . School play ?? father wait they 'il have they own extracurricular activity I suspect . ( continued ) 10 . conor yeah , like flick knife practice . and corporal punishment . father wait I be sure that 's not true . conor I have hear it be . I can not do corporal punishment . I be light - bone . Father wait laugh . though conor be wise - crack , he 's clearly genuinely nervous . Father wait get up , put a hand on conor 's shoulder and walk he to the door . father wait you will be fine , conor . trust I . you know what 's get we to where we be today , we human ? one quality ? they pause at the open door . father wait adaptability . he wink , shaking conor 's hand . conor shuffles off down the corridor . Father wait look over to he secretary who have be listen . he make a doubtful expression . she nod in agreement . int . church - day a church on a school campus . 30 choir boy be at choir practice on the alter . they be dress in they own cloth . there be no congregation . it 's Saturday rehersal . they sing bach . we slowly zoom in to conor , who be stand on the edge of the back row . he sing , but be lose in think . a teacher be conduct they . ext . synge STREET school - evening conor walk past synge Street School that evening . the gate be open . the desert school loom grey and forbode in the dusk sky . he push the gate open and enter , look around . litter roll like tumbleweed across the pot-hol yard . stripped - down bicycle frame remain lock to the outdoor bike shed . Old window rattle in the wind . ( continued ) 11 . the wall read like a tabloid newspaper : '' ira '' '' brit out '' '' jenny GREEN be a slut '' be among the headline . the play field of he previous school be another world . int . brendan 's room - evening back in he house , we be in Brendan 's attic lair . as far away from the rest of the house as possible . this small room be a shrine to music and art . and hash . we have numerous ash trays . a homemade hammock . poster of band on the wall . shelves of book on pop art , philosophy , and music . a poster of sigmund freud on the wall next to he bed . a voice bubble have be draw in , say '' it 's all you mother 's fault '' . a portable tv on a box . a acoustic guitar with two string . but most importantly , a huge collection of vinyl . proudly alphabetize . the only thing so in Brendan 's life . the window be black out with hang blanket , and the lighting be low ; easy on the eternally stone eye . Brendan sit in he huge , collapse armchair in a mist of marijuana smoke , a king of he own domain . he be take a drag from one . the door be ajar . outside , conor knock . conor you in there ? brendan where else would I be ? conor I do not know . the kitchen ? brendan I be in here . conor enter , lean against the wall by the door . brendan ( sage-like ) you appear troubled , my young friend . conor nod he head . brendan sit . share you woe . conor sit on the edge of he brother 's bed . ( continued ) 12 . brendan you start tomorrow ? conor nod he head . brendan you will be fine . you just have to find a way of distracting the thug from notice you . conor how do I do that ? brendan how would I know ? conor I feel like I be go to prison . brendan you be . in a way . all institution be prison . you do realize that this be just part of the bigger picture ? this school move ? conor how do you mean ? brendan I be pretty sure they be split up . I hear they row , in the middle of the night . conor do you ? why be not you asleep ? Brendan just laugh at this , as if sleep would be ridiculous . brendan there will be plenty of time for that . he take another drag , and then instinctively go to pass it to conor . but then realize , pull it back . brendan oh , no , you be tiny . he stand up , take the record that have be play quietly . replace it carefully , and search for something else . brendan ..- and this be just the start of a process . they start move you around . soon the electricity will be cut off . the bailiff will come . the house will be sell . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 . the cave be under threat , brother . from monster . conor be genuinely concerned . conor what monster ? Brendan find a record that be pertinent , open it , and carefully rub he sleeve off the vinyl . brendan oh , just the three - head monster of fear , infidelity , ego , materialism . conor that 's a four-head monster . brendan the thing that be destroy they marriage . and now you 're be test . this be you time . I have my time . conor and what happen ? brendan ( beat , a thousand thought in a blink of a eye ) this be a great chance for you . to break that cycle of shit . that school would have turn you into a doctor , or a lawyer . '' must make money , must make money '' . conor listen attentively , if a little confuse . brendan ( off he look of confusion ) that be a robot I just do there . who want to be a robot ? except r2 D2 ? who know what this new prison will do for you , my little friend ! ( beat ) you be on a hero 's journey . how be you go to fare ? he put on the record he 's be look for . the needle meet the vinyl with a comforting crunch . a loud , heavy metal song from the late seventies . the room rock . Brendan smile at he young brother , '' you feel I ?? '' ( continued ) 14 . hard cut . ext . synge STREET school - morning song play loud . Monday morning . almost in answer to he brother 's question , conor walk into the gate of the school . numerous kid have gather in pack . conor have to walk a gauntlet of new face . head turn towards the newcomer . there be something of a stranger arrive at a new town in a western . but this be no western , and the stomping song tell we so . conor 's three - quarter length smart coat and long curly hair draw laugh . he be also carry a soft , brown leather satchel , which do not help . kid smoke in circle . kid spit on the ground . further into the walk , a fight be just break out , anda small circle be gather . two boy beat it out . bloody nose and fist . co nor speed up as he pass . he notice that above they , at a second story window , a brother ( 5as ) , in black suit and white collar , be watch the fight down below . he do nothing about it . one kid have a dead rat skewer on the end of a stick . he chase other kid around with it . he finally throw it at conor . it hit he on the side of the head . other laugh . the song end as he enter the school . the back of he coat be cover in spit . int . classroom — day conor sit in a large , drafty classroom , look around . the window rattle in the wind . worn , wooden floorboard underfoot . the desk be mismatch . two kid per desk . this be a class of about 35 kid . brother barnabas ( 70 ) , in a black gown and white collar , write Latin on the blackboard . even with he hearing aid , he can not hear kid chat , laugh and fight when he back be turn . conor sit in the middle , amaze . to he leave , at the back of class , a boy smoke a cigarette , blow the smoke out the sash window beside he . to he right , two boy hold down another , as a fourth fart in he mouth , close it , and make he swallow . another kid be get a indian ink tattoo : ira , on he hand . ( continued ) 15 . at the blackboard , brother barnabas take a surreptitious swig from a hip flask , return it under he gown . this old guy should have be put out to pasture a long time ago . the door swing open , and the headmaster enter silently , on he morning round . the class stand up . silence . he be the same brother we see watch the fight on the way in . CLASS ( as one ) good morning brother baxter . brother baxter survey the room , landing on the blackboard . brother baxter it 's french , brother barnabas . brother barnabas hah ? brother baxter you be teach french . not Latin . brother barnabas look at the board , see that he be teach Latin . brother barnabas oh . how modern . brother baxter speak in a tough , no nonsense Dublin accent . his bushy moustache suggest something of a military man . brother baxter mind you , I would be surprised if any of ye even know where France be , not to mind speak the language . silence . conor , who think this be a actual question , raise a hand . brother baxter oh . go on . conor on the continent . above Spain . brother baxter my my . and how do you know that ? conor my parent take we there . one summer . in the car . other kid laugh , jealously . brother baxter you will be the new lad then , from the jesuit . ( continued ) 16 . conor yes . brother baxter yes '' brother '' . what 's you name . conor conor lawlor . laughter . conor look around , all eye on he . brother baxter be impressed . brother baxter shut up ! you could all take a leaf out of he book . look at a map once in a while . right conor . Morning prayer be at a quarter to nine . Little break be ten minute . at 11 o'clock . Big break be 45 minute at 1 o'clock . the canteen be locate below the p.e. Hall . they serve chip and bar . the lad will show you the rope . welcome . conor thank you . brother baxter as you be ! he turn to go . but as he do , he see conor 's foot under he desk . he pause . conor be wear brown leather brogue . everyone else be wear black shoe . brother baxter we have a strict , black shoe policy here , Mr. lawlor . you parent should have read it in the introductory rule book . page 142 . we will let it go today , but from tomorrow on ... he go to exit again . conor I do not have black shoe , Sir . brother baxter pause at the door . the class go silent . bb be not use to be question like this . brother baxter well , you 'il have to get a pair then . and report to I first thing in the morning with they . good man . brother baxter exit . the class take a sigh of relief . the kid who be smoking release a lung - full of smoke . brother barnabas go back to teach Latin . ( continued ) 17 . conor lean into the boy sit next to he , mick mahon , a really tough kid with a buzz cut and a gold stud earring . conor sorry , but where do he say the restaurant be ? mick mahon the wha ? conor the restaurant ? the cafeteria ? mick mahon you mean the canteen ? conor yeah . of course . Mick just shake he head in amazement . mick mahon the '' restaurant '' . you be not in France now , you bleedin spanner . ext . synge STREET yard - day Little break . kid play football with a puncture football . other sit on wall eat sweet . conor wander about on he own look for the canteen . he pass by the alleyway towards the p.e. hall . from behind the bike shed , a low whistle catch he attention . down the alley way be a 15 year - old . he have a cigarette in he hand . he have a skin head . his uniform be dirty and too short for he . he wear scuff loafer and a green bomber jacket . kid do you smoke , do you ? conor oh. occasionally . I be not really a smoker . my brother be , and I sometimes take a little of he tobacco , if my friend be over . and my dad use to smoke a pipe . but he give up . kid why be you tell I all this ? come on and we will have a smoke . follow I . ( continued ) 18 . conor follow the kid , who enter a prefab mark toilet . int . the boy 's toilet 's ( continuous ) - day this be a stinking prefabricate building , with a row of urinal across from three cubicle . the floor be sticky and wet . conor follow the kid in . he put a cigarette in he mouth . kid D 's you want one ? conor Nah , I be okay . i’1l just watch you . I have already have a couple this morning . the kid pull a Black widow catapult from inside he bomber jacket , and a large marble . kid do you ever see one this , do you ? he load it with the marble , and point it at conor 's head . kid I hear you be a queer . conor what ? kid I hear you be a little queer ? conor no . you must have I mix up with someone else . kid ( scrutinize he ) I do not think so . dance . conor what ? kid dance . like a queer . conor do not know how to deal with this . conor be you serious ? the kid aim the catapult at a light bulb , and fire , hit it perfectly , re-loading and point it back at conor . ( continued ) 19 . conor start a merry jig . the kid watch for a while , he catapult ready . kid now dance with you pants down . conor what ? kid get into that cubicle . and dance with you pants down . conor stop dance . conor no . kid what do you just say . conor no , I be not do that . silence . to he surprise , the kid disarm he catapult . kid okay . bye bye . conor walk past he , exite hurriedly , baffle . int . the canteen ( continuous ) - day conor be in a basement building . no window . it 's light with fluorescent light . kid of all age muck about . there 's a ping pong table with no net or bat . there 's a tuck shop with candy bar and a dinner lady deep fry chip at a window . Music play through a small ghetto blaster . many kid be smoking . conor head for the tuck shop window , join a rowdy queue while search for enough change in he pocket . he manage to get 25 pence together and exchange it for a Mars bar . as he turn to exit , the kid from the toilet be stand right behind he . he tap he on the shoulder . conor turn around . people watch on , know that something be brewing . the kid let conor have it , right on the eye . it 's a good shot . people wince . conor go down on the ground . the kid pick up conor 's Mars bar and rip it open ; take a bite and throw away the rest . he turn and swagger off . people clear the way from he , keep they distance . ( continued ) 20 . the bell ring and everyone start to shuffle off back to class , some of they step over conor , laugh . as the room empty out , we hear a voice , off : voice you should have just dance . conor look over he shoulder . darren ( who we meet in the pre - title scene ) be crossing over towards he , put on he jacket . ext . synge STREET yard ( continuous ) - day conor , now in the company of Darren , walk back towards he classroom , hold he eye . conor so you be there ? in the toilet ? darren I have a touch of the scutter . so I be in one of the cubicle all morning with the liquid shit . he smile . darren Darren 's the name . he go to shake hand . conor take he hand , hide he reluctance . conor conor . who be that psycho ? darren that 's Barry bray . he eat hair gel . conor what ? darren yeah . he eat a pot of hair gel in class once . no one know why . the only problem now be , he 'il be out for you blood . conor why ? darren because you have show weakness . conor how do you know he ? ( continued ) we hold on conor , look increasingly worried . synge be certainly live up to its reputation . darren he life in the same flat as I . his mar and da be mad drug addict . people say he be conceive on acid . and it get into he bloodstream . but do not worry , you just need to come up with a plan for the year . a solution . here . 21 . Street he hand he a slip of paper from a plastic wallet . it read , in marker : Darren mulvey . Business solution . Saint Teresa 's garden . flat 221 . '' you problem be my solution ! " darren call I any time . conor there 's no number on it . darren no , we do not have a phone . just call around . they arrive outside conor 's class . conor this be my class . where be you ? darren ah they keep I back a year . or two . I can not really read very well . conor right . how 's that go to work , in business ? darren ( lean in ) I can read people . and you be alright . but you will not survive in here unless we deal with Barry . conor what about tell the Brothers ? darren hah ! you could do that , yeah . Darren head off , laugh . ( continued ) 22 . conor head back into class . the door slam behind he with a menace '' slam '' int . conor 's house - night penny stand in the hallway , shouting upstairs . penny bren ! conor ! it 's on . Brendan exit he room quickly . he be carry he drink and smoking accoutrement . he pass conor 's door as conor exit . the two of they run downstairs . it 's like a fire drill . int . the sitting room ( continuous ) - night Brendan and conor burst into the sit room . they father be sit at the table drink a whiskey . the collar of he jacket be turn up , and he have a scarf on . in front of he , a few architectural drawing , draftsman kit , slide rule etc . he be sketching plan for a building that will never be build . numerous photograph of Brendan be frame and around the place . as a baby . a young boy . a handsome teenager . etc. Brendan be the golden boy . Brendan turn on the tv as he and conor take seat on the couch . brendan can we turn on the fire ? ROBERT no . tv presenter ( off ) it 's Thursday . it 's 7 o'clock . it 's top of the pop ! penny enter , sit across from she husband , drink a coffee . she be wear a big cardigan . as the chart countdown for January start , they be a family . sort of . voice on tv '' they can not be here tonight as they be in the USA , so instead , we have to go to ... rio . it 's Duran Duran ! '' ( continued ) 23 . on the tv , the video for Duran Duran 's '' Rio '' begin . conor be glue to the screen as Brendan lecture on the clothes , video , song , and lyric . conor be a enthusiastic student . brendan the jury be out on which way this guy will go . they be a lot of fun , and John Taylor be one of the most proficient bass player in the UK right now , give they a funky edge which I hope they will go with . look at this video ! he laugh with glee as beautiful people aboard a yacht in the Caribbean surround Simon lebon . the band look good . the girl be clad in bikinis . at the table , Robert look back at he sketch . he scrunches up the sheet of paper angrily . frustrate . penny watch this . ROBERT who be I kid . nothing 's get build here for another ten year at least . penny you do not know that . he laugh , pour a whiskey , and turn towards the tv . ROBERT not exactly the Beatles , be it . brendan oh , I 'il just start up the time machine so we can go back in time for dad . he sigh . underwater , Simon lebon drink a pink cocktail underwater . the pink liquid mix with the sea . Brendan laugh . ROBERT well if that 's the future we be all screw . look at he , he 's not even sing live ! brendan it 's a video , Robert . it 's a piece of art . everyone be make they now . conor yeah Robert . ( continued ) 24 . penny ( refer to Simon ) he 's very attractive be not he ? ROBERT you be welcome to he . penny do you promise ? on screen , a guy in the video play a saxophone solo on a raft . conor wow , a saxophone solo . brendan that might date . ROBERT why can not they get they to play live ? what be they hide ? brendan because they be in the USA , do not you hear he ? and this last forever . it 's the perfect marriage of music and visual . short . to the point . look at that ... he point to the screen . hedonism and fun , in technicolor . brendan what tyranny could stand up to that ? conor look at the screen , transfix . his brother have a point . sort of . ROBERT that 's because this be the tyranny . brendan oh let 's not begin a philosophical argument Robert . ROBERT why not ? brendan because you will lose . this wind Robert up , who be up for a fight , but a stern shake of penny 's head warn he off . ( continued ) 25 . brendan ( quietly ) .-- and the thing about Barry bray be , he 's probably a victim himself . bully be a cycle . like with dad . his dad undermine he , piss on he dream . so what do you expect . conor right . brendan so we gotta break the cycle . right ? look at this guy - ( refer to the band ) they dad fight in the second World War ! wore flat cap and woolen underwear . look at they now ! on screen , Duran Duran be the epitome of ' 80s London : affluence , arrogance , and renew confidence . brendan Barry bray be more than likely gay . and he 's struggle with it . and hold you up in the toilet be all part of that . conor really ? brendan probably . it 's not a good school to be gay in , he 's suffer in there , same as you . but the only way to get he off you back be to understand he . to defeat he , you must firstly forgive he . he nod , sagely , return to watch the tv . we hold on conor think about this advice . ext . synge STREET school gate - day conor walk into school . he be keep a low profile , walk in by the wall as the madness carry on all around he . up ahead , he run into brother baxter . he look he up and down . we tilt down to reveal ... brown shoe . hold on brother baxter 's face . a inscrutable look . deep shock that he warning would be ignore . 26 . int . brother baxter 's office - moment later brother baxter sit behind he large desk in he office . very little in this room , except a statue of the virgin Mary , and a cross . on the other side of the desk , conor . silence . brother baxter what 's go on , son ? conor about the shoe ? brother baxter just nod . conor well , I bring it up with my mum . but she say we could not afford another pair of shoe at the moment . I buy this before I know about the shoe colour policy here at synge Street . but it 's not as if this be runner or something . they be brown . they be quite sensible . brother baxter I can see that . they be very nice . tasteful , as you say . but you see , they be not black ? conor I be not sure ... what you want I to do . they be shoe . they keep the rain out . brother baxter ( nodd he head ) take they off . conor what ? brother baxter see as you be so fond of they . you can pick they up here at four o'clock every day until you comply with the rule of the school . conor look at he in disbelief . be this really what 's go to happen now ? int . the corridor - moment later Close on a pair of stockinge foot . conor walk down the corridor in he sock . kid laugh . what be go on . 27 . ext . the yard - later now conor walk through puddle in the yard . his sock be already develop hole . int . art CLASS - later conor sit in art class . this class be make up of about twelve kid . include conor . there 's some interesting art on the wall . conor rub he foot together , try to keep warm . miss dunne ( 40s ) , sit on the corner of she desk . she have a curvy figure , and a mane of dyed blonde hair . she have a Dublin accent . she have a scent candle light on she desk . a few flower in a glass . miss dunne right , so most of yiz pick this class because ye do not wanna do mechanical draw . be I right ? most people nod . miss dunne yiz think art class will be a doddle ? a chance to get a break in the day and scribble a few picture in between other class ? a few lad nod in agreement . miss dunne right , well you be not completely off the mark . this get a little laugh . miss dunne Art should be a break from the rest of the world . it should never be work . it 's kind of ... therapy . but do not think you be not go to learn something in here . I be go to impart some information to ye , okay ? so when you be out with a girl at the National Gallery , you can look at a painting and say something about it . okay ? a few nod and muttering of acceptance . Mick mahon put he hand up . mick mahon i’1ll take you on a date to the National Gallery any day , miss . ( continued ) 28 . miss dunne ah , thanks , Michael . but I have a fiance already . mick mahon be you sure ? miss dunne positive . she put on she glass to get a closer look at conor 's foot under he desk . miss dunne what the hell be go on here ? conor oh . I do not have black shoe . so I have to leave my brown one in brother baxter 's office every day until I get some . she shake she head . int . the canteen - later conor enter the canteen in he bare foot . he look around . up ahead in a little group , he see Barry . he muster up the courage , and approach , tapping he on the shoulder . Barry bray turn around . other kid notice this . conor hey . I understand that you be in pain . that there be a conflict within you . and that can not be easy to deal with in this school . you publicly humiliate I . so now , I publicly forgive you . Barry bray . ext . the school - morning conor now have the two black eye of the open scene . Darren stand beside he . he march off towards the girl across the street . we hold on Darren this time . in a few moment , conor return : conor we need to form a band ... 29 . ext . a SMALL cottage - day conor and Darren stand at the front door of a small , run-down cottage on a narrow lane way . they be not wear they school uniform . it 's out of school . Darren knock on the knocker . darren eamon 's a genius . he can play every instrument know to man . his hobby be rabbit . after a while we hear footstep thunder down the stair . the door open and eamon ( 14 ) , stand there . eamon wear stone - wash denim , match denim ( ! ) jacket , a crew neck jumper , and white , dirty boot runner . he have curly hair , and wear steel - rim glass . he sport a wick mullet . darren hey eamon . what you do ? eamon nothing . I be just feed I new bunny . howareya Darren . darren cool . this be eamon . eamon , this be conor . he 's new in the school , and he 's put together a band . eamon so ? int . eamon 's live room - moment later eamon 's small live room have be transformed into a band - rehersal space . in a semicircle in the corner of the room be a drum kit , guitar amp , keyboard , and microphone . conor look about , impressed . conor wow ! where do you get all this gear ?? eamon I da 's in a cover band . wedding , party , pub . Close up on the logo on the kick drum : '' eazy livin 's '' with some glittery star . darren eamon can play every instrument know to man , can not you eamon ? ( continued ) 30 . eamon probably . darren show he . four very quick shot : eamon play the bass guitar , slapping . the drum . the guitar , soloing . and the keyboard , play jazz . conor wow . so / but eamon be not finish . six more very quick shot . eamon be play a African balaphone . next , he 's play a indian flute . then the uilleann pipe . then a shaker . then a conga drum . finally he be do . he 's clearly something of a prodigy . eamon what do you play yourself ? conor ( think on he foot ) I be more of a singer . eamon wait for he to go on . conor and I write song . well , I mean , lyric . word . but I have not put they to music yet . eamon so what do yous want from I ? darren we want to hire you instrument . conor ( interrupt ) no way . you have get to be in the band . you be amazing . right Darren ? darren be you into that eamon ? we can see that eamon be very glad to be ask , but bluff a little : eamon what kind of music be you go to be do ? conor I do not know yet . ( continued ) 31 . eamon you have to know what you be go to play . what be you into ? conor I be a futurist . eamon what do that mean ? conor like no nostalgia . not like you dad 's band . not look backwards . just forward . eamon cool. like depeche mode ? conor ( not know they ) okay . eamon or Joy division ? conor ( bluff ) right . eamon sure know he stuff . eamon or Duran Duran . what do you think of they ? conor ( beat , then parrot Brendan ) the jury be out on which way that guy will go . they be a lot of fun , and James Taylor be one of the most proficient bass player in the UK right now , give they a funky edge . silence . eamon be impressed , even though conor have get John Taylor 's name wrong . eamon JOHN Taylor . conor yea . John . of course . they stand there , size each other up . ( continued ) 32 . eamon I nil be in the band . i'1l play guitar . and help write the song . we can rehearse here because I da 's in Saint John of god . darren be that a pub ? eamon no , Darren . it 's where alcoholics go to get off drink and stop beat up they wife and kid . darren right . eamon and neighbor . conor okay . eamon and the police . int . eamon 's kitchen - moment later conor , eamon and Darren sit around the kitchen table continue they plan . eamon 's mother ( 45 ) , be pour Cup -o - Soup into three bowl in front of they , and give they slice of bread . eamon be stroking a bunny on he knee . eamon who 's go to be the manager ? darren me. eamon have you manage band before ? darren no. ( think ) I be just break into the market ? eamon Nice . how be we go to cut thing up ? darren i’1ll draw up contract ? eamon 's mum do you need a pen ? ( continued ) 33 . eamon ma , we be try to have a band meeting here ? she smile as she pour . eamon gotta have everything straight first . get everything down on paper . otherwise you can get rip off by the big record label when they come a huntin’ . that 's what I dad say . eamon 's mum laugh conspicuously . eamon when do you want to rehearse ? eamon 's mum not the weekend . he 's get a job pack shelf in quinnsworth on Saturday . you be not leave that job . not for any jaysis band . conor how about monday and wednesday after school . eamon sound good . eamon 's mum that 's fine . darren now all we need be other musician . do either of you know any other musician ? conor no. you ? darren no. eamon ? eamon 's mum he usually just play on he own , do not you son ? she squeeze he shoulder . eamon right , we can not get any peace here . let 's continue this meeting out the back . they get up , follow eamon out back . ( continued ) 34 . eamon 's mum no smoking now ! eamon ma ! how many time do I have to tell you ? I do not smoke ! they exit . int . a shed - moment later the three of they stand in a very small shed . they be all smoking . they be continue they plan . from the window at the kitchen where eamon 's mum be wash up , she can plainly see smoke wafting out the window . she shrug . Darren click he finger . darren there 's a black guy in 3b ? eamon so ? darren be cool if he be in the band . conor why ? darren he 's the one color guy in the whole school . probably in Dublin ! have a golliwog in the band would give we a real edge . conor you can not say golliwog . darren why not ? conor trust I . you just can not . Darren look to eamon for this . eamon shake he head , agree with conor . Darren shrug . conor anyway what if he can not play anything ? darren he 'il be able to play something . he 's black ! ( continued ) 35 . Close on a flyer up on a notice board in school . it read : futurist band form . look for bass player , drummer , and keyboard . own instrument not essential , as we have they . influence include depeche mode , duran duran and many more ! contact management solution at 221 St. Teresa 's garden . no telephone . just call in . ext . a house on a housing estate - day conor , eamon and Darren knock on the door of a small house on a shitty housing estate . in a moment , a enormous , beautiful woman answer the door . she speak in a strong nigerian accent , wear colorful headgear and dress . they have never see anything like it . eamon wow . woman ( early 30s ) can I help you ? darren be this the house where the color lad life ? woman what do you think ? how many black people do you think live on this shitting estate !? ( beat ) do you know ngig ? darren what be that ? woman my son ! do you know my son ? conor no . but we be in he school . and we be put a band together . do he play any instrument ? woman ( open the door wider ) why do not you ask he yourself . they enter . darren do he speak English ? 36 . int . ngig 's sitting room - moment later the three lad stand in a small , tidy live space . in front of they , ngig ( 14 ) , a black kid , stocky , well build . darren ( very slowly ) we-are -putting-a-band-together . i- am-the-manager . ngig what the hell be wrong with he ? when he speak , he speak in a tough , inner city Dublin accent . darren oh . you sound different from you mar ? ngig ' course I do , I have be here half I bleedin life . what do you expect . conor would you have any interest in be in a band ? he clearly be . ngig maybe . what kind of music be yous play ? eamon we be not 100 percent sure yet . but do you play any instrument ? he be about to shake he head , when he mother interrupt . ngig 's mother of course he do . he 's black . ngig look doubtfully at he mar . she nod she head . Music start up on the track . it 's sketchy , out of time , but vaguely recognizable . it 's a bad cover version of rio , by Duran Duran . int . synge STREET school corridor - day song over . track out from the flier . two kide be write down the number from the flier on the wall . they be identical twin rhythm section , garry and larry ( 14 ) . ( continued ) 37 . it be hard to read the number , as the poster be cover in a array of spunk Dick drawing . int . eamon 's live room - day conor sing into a microphone . eamon play rhythm guitar . garry finger a bass guitar . his twin brother Larry sit behind the drum kit . ngig cycle through sound on a early synthesizer . he have no real idea what he 's do . conor be hesitant and nervous . though he can sing , he have zero presence . it 's chaos . they be all dress in they school uniform and look awful . track down to find a tape casette recorder on a chair in the middle of they . it be recording . the song end . ngig not bad . garry sound great . ngig I think we sped up a little . eamon really ? we be shit . larry yeah , it 's a shit song . we should be a metal band . conor it 's not the song . it 's we . it be all over the place . let 's try it again . larry smoke break ! eamon what ? nigig cool . I be gasp for a smoke ! they all run out . eamon sigh , look at conor , the only other one who have not leave he station . 38 . int . the shed - moment later all of the band be cramme into the shed smoking . ngig so what be we call ? they think . eamon the rabbit ? ngig what be wrong with you and rabbit ?? eamon I just love they . so fluffy . that ear . not a dog . yet not quite a cat . and manageable shit . just , the perfect pet . conor I have a idea . what about '' La vie '' . silence . Darren look at he , witheringly . darren what do that mean ? conor it french for '' the life '' garry what 's french for '' that 's not go to be the name of the band '' ? conor ( beat ) '' c'est ne pas le nom du groupe '' garry right . there you go . eamon what about sing Street . they think about this . not bad . conor I like that . int . brendan 's room - night song continue . ( continued ) 39 . pull out from Brendan 's tape machine . conor be play he brother he first demo tape . the tape read '' sing STREET '' demo 1 . if it sound bad live this afternoon , it sound worse play back on a small tape machine . conor chew he nail in anticipation of he big brother 's response . Brendan finally eject the tape before it 's over . brendan this be bad . and there 's nothing as bad as bad music . and you must never play this again . to conor 's surprise , he begin unspool the tape , pull it out in a pile at he foot . conor you know you can record over tape ? brendan no no . all evidence of this day must be destroy . he finally bin the tape . brendan that 's a novelty act . you want to get the girl right ? conor what ? brendan ( shouting , impatient ) the girl ! that 's what this be about ? right ? conor ( think ) oh. yes . the girl . right. okay . brendan right . so you be go to get she with someone else 's art ? be you kid I ? conor I suppose . but we be just start out . we need to learn how to play . brendan play ? play ? you do not need to know how to play ! you think the sex pistol know how to play ? who be you , steely Dan ? ( continued ) 40 . Brendan be come into he own . he leave he chair , pace the room . pull different record from he collection . he now have the first project of he adult life : he brother . brendan you have to learn how to not play . that 's rock n roll . and that take practice . ( beat ) and you be not a cover band ! conor really ? brendan every school have a cover band . every wedding . every pub . and in every cover band there 's a middle age man who never know if he could have make it because he never have the ball to write a song for someone . rock n Roll be a risk . you risk be ridicule . conor think about this . conor I do not know how to write a song . Brendan now have a large pile of record in he arm . he point at the door . brendan Close the door . and sit down . conor really ? I have school in the morning . brendan this ... be school . conor close the door . sit down . it 's go to be a long night . dissolve to : song 1 a song be form ... int . eamon 's live room - day conor and eamon be alone in the rehearsal room . conor read from a little notebook of scrawle thought and picture . eamon sit on the edge of the couch with a acoustic guitar . ( continued ) 41 . conor ( read ) '' well she 's stand on the corner . like a angel in disguise . and I want to try and warn she , but she 's get dangerous eye . '' eamon dangerous eye . I like that . what do that mean ? conor I do not know . eamon what 's this song about conor ? conor it 's like , when you do not know someone , they be more interesting . they can be anything you want they to be . it 's like you know they better , when you do not know they . you know ? eamon no that do not make any sense . what 's it call ? conor '' the riddle of the model '' eamon Epic . what about a rhythm like this . eamon play a chord . a funky rhythm . conor Nice . slow it down a little . conor try this lyric over it . eamon drop to a F , and it start to sound like something . they smile at the change . conor take out a pen from he school bag , add a lyric , as eamon continue to play . we start to see how this might work - conor the director / lyricist / visionary , eamon the pragmatic musical prodigy . the sound of they first song come together play over the follow scene . just guitar and voice for now . int . irish CLASS - day song over . ( continued ) 42. conor sit at the back of irish class . the teacher read peig sayer while sit behind he desk . conor write feverishly in he notebook , look out the window for inspiration . the teacher call a boy up to he desk , and slap he , really hard across the face . ( scene 41 intentionally deleted ) int . conor' bedroom - day conor write in he bed . his parent row on the corridor , off . ROBERT ( off , muffle ) that 's funny , come from you ! penny keep you bloody voice down ! two door slam , separately . he listen out , then continue write . int . eamon 's live room - day song over . the song be really come together , as conor and eamon jam it . though complete opposite , this combination of songwriter be come together . through the window behind they , the rest of the band be play football in the garden . conor tap on the window , wave at they to come in and give it a spin . they run in . int . eamon 's live room - later now the full band play the song . and it sound pretty good . conor be still a little shy of he own voice , and be freeze at the microphone . eamon gesture for he to enjoy it . but he just smile and stay static . again , the tape recorder record it on the chair in the middle of they . ext . synge STREET - morning song over . the song play over as conor walk across the street . from he satchel he produce a casette tape as he meet the girl , stand on she stoop smoking . he hand she the tape . ( continued ) 43. girl what 's this now ? conor that 's the song . I mention it to you . girl oh yeah . the song . you be the kid in the band ! that 's cool . conor you should probably learn the lyric . so you can lip sync . we be shoot down the lane at the back of quinnsworth . this Saturday . at 12 o'clock . see you there . he nod , not wait for a response . she blow smoke , watch he go . then she look at the tape in she hand . ext . synge STREET school - night by moonlight , conor , Darren and eamon peel back a sheet of corrugate metal at the back of school . this allow they a gap to slip through into the yard . ext . synge STREET school - night Darren open a little back door with a key . they be in . int . synge STREET school - corridor - night the three of they sneak down a basement corridor . conor guide they with a clunky bicycle lamp . they arrive at a door . a handwritten sign say '' audio Visual room '' . Darren try numerous key until he get the right one . they open it . darren ( with the flair of a master criminal ) gentlemen , I give you the audio Visual Department .... int . synge STREET school - the audio visual room - night this be hardly a room at all . more like a broom closet . conor 's torch reveal a steel shelving unit , bare , except for the camera and vcr machine on the top shelf . and three or four vhs tape . they start take it down . 44 , ext . synge STREET school - night the three of they run back across the road by moonlight laugh . Music play over . ext . a lane - way - morning the band be set up they instrument on a rainy morning . they be down a little laneway at the back of a row of shop . pile of rubbish , old bin , and a abandon car . it 's overcast and depress . and cold . they guitar amp and drum kit look pretty small out in the open . eamon it look like load of gear back home , do not it ? and yet it look shit here . conor be set up the video camera across from they on a tripod . he look through the viewfinder . it do look shit . he check he watch . darren where be this chick ? conor ( worried ) I do not know . darren do everyone bring some clothes ? they start root through plastic bag stuff with clothes from home . Larry hold up a pair of flare . garry , a child 's cowboy outfit . darren who the hell bring a cowboy outfit ? garry me. it 's all I could find . darren no one dress as a cowboy in a band ! larry there 's a cowboy in the Village people . ( continued ) 45 . garry yeah . and Adam ant. eamon Adam ant be a highway man . larry so we can have a highway man , but not a cowboy ? be you mentally ill ? garry so what do you bring then ? hard cut . ext . laneway - morning conor be dress as a low - budget New romantic . a mash - up of idea from a cross section of tv . nothing quite work . he 's wear sunglass , bangle , he father 's long overcoat with the sleeve roll up , and a blouse that definitely belong to he mum . eamon be dress in he dad 's show - band uniform . a purple , velvet suit that be way too big for he . he 's a little Austin power . eamon it 's I Da 's showband outfit . garry , Larry and ngig be unimpress . Darren be not sure . garry be this a gay band ? conor come from the one who want to look like the Village people . garry what 's gay about the Village people ?? as the other squabble , conor 's attention be draw to the end of the lane , where raphina have just appear . he smile . she approach carry a large bag . she look great , in a huge angora sweater , pencil skirt and high heel . raphina hello all . sorry I be late . I be out last night . at a night club . still recover . she take off she sunglass , dramatically , look they up and down . ( continued ) 46 . raphina Jesus Christ . what in God 's name be ye all wear ? conor yeah , we be just work that out . maybe you can help . raphina who 's you wardrobe person ? stevie wonder ? conor we do not have a wardrobe person . raphina right . who 's the camera man . maybe he can make some of this work . conor em ... we do not really have ... darren I be the camera man . raphina I think you be the producer . darren and camera man . save money all the way . conor take she by the elbow , walk she out of earshot a little . conor what do you think of the song ? raphina I like it . it 's the only reason I be here . do you write it ? conor pretty much . eamon write most of the music . raphina so you write the lyric ? they be cool . who be they about ? conor just a girl , I see she about . raphina you know you have get really good cheek bone ? ( continued ) 47 . conor what ? raphina yeah . look at you . can I do you makeup ? conor really ? raphina yeah . this light be go to be really harsh on camera . you should totally take the edge off it . I be actually wear some make up right now . she 's wear a_lot of makeup . raphina in fact , guy ! you should all wear makeup . the band turn around . darren let 's get one thing straight . I be not wear any makeup . raphina relax . you be not even in the band . darren yeah , thank God ! garry I be in the band . and yet I be not wear makeup . raphina why not ? you have get great lip . garry piss off would you ? raphina whatever . that who actually care about how they band look and want to do this half - properly , queue over here . garry who 's say we do not care about the band ? this band be my life ! darren you have be in it for three day . ( continued ) 48. eamon alright , stop row . garry bitch . raphina set up she stall on a rubbish bin , take out she makeup kit . conor sit down on a upturn box and she begin apply he make up . garry who be this chick anyway ? she 's here two minute and she 's threaten to break the band up ! eamon shut up garry . garry bleedin Yoko ono. ext . laneway - morning all of the band be now wear makeup . it 's a little full - on , but they look sort of cool . conor direct Darren as to what the shot will be , refer to he notebook . Darren look through the viewfinder . conor okay , so we be play here . raphina be stand over there , against the wall . I go up to she . start sing to she . make sure to pan up to she eye , when I sing '' she 's get dangerous eye '' . darren I think a zoom would be better . conor okay . a zoom , whatever . raphina what if I have little lighten flash on my eye lid when I close they ? conor can you do that ? raphina I can try . conor cool . so then , for the chorus , you walk off , and I follow . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . circle you like when he 's follow she in thriller . do you think you can keep the camera steady , Darren ? darren what do you think ? conor okay , so then I follow she up the lane . keeping behind she . then we will go around and get that angle in front . darren Love it ! ext . laneway - moment 's later conor press play on the tape machine . it be plugge into a small speaker . he signal to Darren to start filming . then run back to the band , who have start miming to the song . raphina be stand against the wall . conor approach she , Darren follow . conor start lip synce to the song : conor '' well she 's stand on the corner . like a angel in disguise . and I would really like to warn she . but she 's get dangerous eye . '' Darren crash zoom into she eye . raphina close they , she have little lighten flash on she lid . conor '' well she tell I she 's a model . of international reputation . she 's lighten in a bottle . but there 's a stipulation ... '' she set off and conor follow she . Darren walk backwards in front of they . conor yell '' cut '' , and make some adjustment . ngig have move he synthesiser and stand about three foot to try get in the back of conor 's shot . conor cool . how do it look Darren ? darren pretty epic . it 's hard keep focus on that zoom . and ngig , stop move into the back of he shot . ( continued ) 50 . ngig I have not move a inch ! darren you start about three foot that way ! ngig it be windy . conor and it 's not too shaky when you be follow we ? darren no , it 's grand . conor okay , take 2 ! first video . shot on actual early vhs . here we see they actual result , edit crudely together . intro : some zoom into hand play instrument . keyboard . bass. guitar . ngig be wear leather glove . first verse : conor break away from the band , sing into camera in front of raphina . ngig edge into he shot . four quick shot of each band member turn they head and look into camera . raphina signing autograph for the band member , over the line '' she have a international reputation '' . chorus raphina break away , walk down the laneway . conor walk around she , sing to she , ala Michael in thriller . but Darren 's camera work be ridiculously shaky . like sea sick induce . second verse : the band be use the abandon car as they set . some sit on the roof . some on the boot ( or hood , for we american colleague ) , and other in the body of the car . raphina be stand on the sidewalk . conor get out of the car , offer she a lift . she sit in . up front , conor be '' drive '' raphina . she look into camera for the last line , and mouth '' the riddle of the model '' end . ( continued ) 51 . the group laugh as they prepare to watch playback through the viewfinder . but this moment be interrupt when Barry bray appear up the laneway . he be walk with a unshaven man in he mid - thirty who be drink a can of beer . a friend , or brother , maybe . they be carry a few plastic bag of shopping . conor ( under he breath ) oh shit . Barry and the man pass they , the man slow down to check out what 's go on . he look like he 's have a few can already . man it 's just kid filming something . what be you filming lad ? conor a video for a band . hi Barry . Barry shrug . man be this in you school , Barry ? whatever have come over Barry , he be less confident in the presence of the man . less of a bully . man they be wear bleedin make up ! jaysus lad , be yous make a movie , be it ? his laugh turn into a cough fit . his tattooe hand over he mouth as he cough . darren a video for a band . man why do not you get in the band Barry ? hah ! dress up and all . you have be bleedin’ great . he start laugh at the idea of Barry in costume . barry ah piss off . but he do not like this . he hit he a slap on the side of he head . it 's a sucker punch , and totally out of proportion . ( continued ) 52 . man what do you say ? the mood have suddenly change . Barry hardly flinch , but you can see he eye be water up . the man calm down . light a cigarette . Barry catch eye with conor , who look away . man see yous boy . good luck . see yous at the oscar ! come on Barry . Barry follow behind . they turn the corner up ahead . the other do not know what that be . darren knacker . come on . never mind they . Darren press play on the machine as the other watch . but conor 's attention be momentarily take by Barry , who make a throat -slit gesture back to conor . all the colour drain from conor 's face . ( scene 55 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 56 intentionally deleted ) ext . laneway - day raphina divert he attention back to the viewfinder . on screen , conor begin sing . raphina smile at he . she grab he hand in excitement as she appear on screen . and do not let go . conor look down at he hand in hers . ext . STREET - night conor be cycle he rusty racer through the city . raphina be sit on the cross bar , hold on to the handlebar , enjoy the wind in she hair . raphina so where do you live ? conor not far from the school . harcourt Terrace ? raphina oh , by the canal . you grow up there ? ( continued ) 53. conor yeah . though we might be move . my parent be break . that 's why they send I to that school . raphina yeah , I wonder about that . you be a bit posh for around here ! she laugh . conor speak for yourself . you house be massive ! she be silent . conor and my parent be probably split up . raphina that 's sad . you do okay with it ? conor oh yeah . it 's sort of intense be around they . they 'il probably get separate flat . we will live between two place . I and my brother . which will be cool . I be like '' guy , split up , you be kill each other '' . he be experiment with this . it be not how he feel about it at all . raphina a bit like a american movie . you will be all complicated and divorced and sophisticated . conor ( bluff ) a bit , yeah . he do not quite know what she mean , as they pull up outside she house across from the school . she jump off the bike . raphina Jesus , all that drama ! I be glad I do not have parent . conor right . he have no idea what she mean . though intrigue , he be polite enough not to ask . ( continued ) 54 . a Ford granada scream into the street , and skid up beside they . the window wind down , and a smile man ( 22 ) be at the wheel . Music blaring , smoking a cigarette . man hey baby . raphina hi. this be Evan Adams . man word. conor how do you do . raphina this be conor , the singer in the band I mention . evan ah ! cool . she play I you song . good vibe . bitta Duran Duran in there , little bitta New romance . what style would you say you be ? conor I be a futurist . evan Epic . see you in the future then . you ready , baby ? raphina yeah . see you soon . she give conor a very european kiss on either cheek . he be blush awkwardly . Evan look very dangerous and cool , wear a dirty leather jacket and sunglass . he be listen to genesis . raphina get into the passenger seat and the car revs up . evan Nice blouse ! he shout as he spin off . she roll down she window and give he a big , white smile . raphina let 's make another video soon , yeah ? Evan u-turn . but but have over estimate the width of the street , and the coolness of the u-turn be undermine by the fact that he have to do a five point turn . finally , the car drive off . ( continued ) 55 . conor stand around . suddenly , he feel very young and self conscious . and he 's wear he mother 's blouse . he look over towards the gate on she house . as he pass it , he see a detail he miss before . it 's a small sign on the gate . it read kirwin house established 1940 he continue past . int . brendan 's room - night conor be play Brendan the daily of he first video . they be watch it on a small tv at the end of Brendan 's bed . on screen , a wobbly camera follow raphina down the laneway . conor you have to imagine it 's not as ... brendan shit ? the take end . conor nervously await he brother 's reaction . below the table , we see that conor 's finger be cross . brendan ( finally ) this will be good . conor ( delighted ) really ? brendan yeah . if you have proper camera and a good director . as long as it 's in you head , that 's the important thing . this be a exercise in imagination . conor really ? brendan yeah . think big , conor . this be all just a mean to a end . she look amazing . they both watch raphina on screen . frankly , she be the only good thing about this whole affair . she have a confidence and sultry beauty that totally belong on screen . brendan the '' riddle of the model '' be not a great title . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . but you chorus be promise . you gotta get she in all the video . conor yeah ? brendan oh yeah . she should connect they all . she 's world class . look a little like Dee C Lee , from the style Council ? without she , you be just a bunch of gay look child down a alleyway . she elevate it . so do you kiss she yet ? surprise by he forthrightness . conor what ? no way . brendan why not ? conor she 's a year older than I . and anyway , she 's get a boyfriend . brendan oh yeah . who ? conor Evan Adams . he 's like , a grow man . he have a car and all , and stubble . brendan what 's he do hang out with a kid ? conor she 's not really like a kid . we hold on Brendan . he do not like the sound of this . he have pull three album out of he collection . he hand they to conor . conor what 's this ? brendan homework . you be good . get better . conor study the sleeve . a Joe Jackson record . the Police . the jam . brendan how do you know he 's she boyfriend anyway ? ( continued ) 57 . conor well it seem like he be . they pull off in he car , music blaring . he 's pretty cool . brendan what be he listen to ? conor Genesis ? brendan he will not be a problem . conor really ? brendan trust I , no woman can truly love a man who listen to phil Collins . off , we hear a row break out downstairs between the parent . Brendan lower the volume . brendan shh. listen . they listen . raise but muffle voice . slam door . the smash of a plate . brendan I think she 's have a affair . conor what ? why ? brendan I see she get a lift home from she boss a couple of time a week . conor she do not drive . what 's wrong with that ? brendan she always get out of the car about a hundred yard up from the house . it 's a nervous thing . she 's overcompensate . we hold on conor consider this . it clearly make he very ext . STREET - night ( continued ) 58 . conor free wheel . he be preoccupy . in he satchel over he shoulder , the three album . ext . synge STREET - raphina 's house - night conor cruise by raphina 's house . he lean against a tree , still sit on he bike . he 's not sure what he 's do here . he be about to cycle off , when the Ford granada pull up , and raphina get out , crossing over to the driver 's door . Evan Adams hold onto she hand , pull she back . she laugh , and pull away , make she way up she step . he accelerate off , wheel spin , burn rubber . she ring the doorbell . in a moment , a woman ( 60 ) open the door and let she in . across the street , conor check he watch . just come up to 9 pm . he cycle off . ext . eamon 's house - night conor knock on the front door of eamon 's house . check he watch hope it 's not too late . in a moment , eamon answer , carry a rabbit . eamon howareyou conor . what 's go on . conor I do not know . what be you do ? eamon just rabbit stuff . conor do you want to write a song ? eamon open the door wider , meaning , yes . int . eamon 's bedroom - night eamon sleep in the attic room . the room be cover in poster of band and football team . and some rabbit . conor and eamon be study the record , play and replaying part . now they be work on a song . they be laugh and have a good time . conor write word down . eamon try different chord . they record part on a tape machine . 59 . ext . synge STREET - raphina 's house - night conor return down raphina 's street . he pull up outside she house across the school , and walk through she gate , climb the step . he take a brown envelope cover in sellotape from inside he jacket and look at it . raphina he stuff it through the letter box and head off , cycle away , look up at one of the light in the window . int . raphina 's room - night this be a tiny , monastic little room . there be some poster on the wall , and a small single bed under a alcove . a small dresser with mirror . a chair . raphina enter , carry a bowl of cereal . she sit down on she bed . she be still wear she clothes . in a moment , a knock on the door , and a head pop in . this be mrs . kirwin ( 60 ) , a matronly look woman in a apron . she be carry conor 's envelope . she pass it to raphina . mrs . kirwin this come through the letter box for you . raphina oh . thanks . mrs . kirwin be it from that older lad ? raphina no. mrs . kirwin you know how I feel about that , raphina , do not you ? raphina yes . thank you . night . Mrs. kirwin nod , exite . mrs . kirwin light out in ten . she pull the door close , and raphina open the envelope . there 's a cassette in side . with new song write on it . ( continued ) 60 . she locate a little tape player from under she bed , and put it in , press play . second song the song begin on acoustic guitar with conor sing . raphina smile as she recognize he voice . she sit down at she dresser and begin comb she long hair , start to take off she makeup and kick off she shoe . the song be instantly catchy , and clearly a love letter from conor to she . as the song hit the chorus , we pan off she face , and start a 360 slowly around she room as the song play over . there 's a family photograph on she locker . a 10 year - old raphina in the company of she parent . they all look very stiff and awkward . a school profile of raphina in she uniform , a couple of year ago . very troubled . off this to various picture she rip out of glamour magazine . model . Big hair . lot of make up . a poster of Tom wait . of the cure . of siouxsie and the banshee . there 's a teddy bear on she bed , with a pair of sunglass on he nose , and a unlit cigarette stuff into he mouth . a ash tray with a few stick of incense . a collection of cassette tape . carton of cigarettes . two book on she locker - catcher in the Rye and to kill a mock Bird . numerous magazine . vogue , you , cosmopolitan . as the song come towards its end , we have arrive back around on raphina . she have transformed . she 's change into she pyjamas and dress gown . and she 's take off she makeup to reveal a bruise , under she eye , and a cut lip underneath . she have pause what she 's do , and she eye have fill with tear as she listen to the song . ext . a STREET - night the song cross cut with conor cycle at night through town . fade to black . 61 . ext . synge STREET school gate - a new day Music play over as conor turn the corner into the school gate . there be a little confidence in he step this time . he have bleach he hair blonde , and style it so this fall over he eye a little in a new romantic way . he be wear a little mascara and a little shadow . people stare at he . as he pass we , we pull onto brother baxter , who watch from above . int . art classroom -— day conor sit in art class . he be painting a picture of he band . miss dunne lean over he shoulder . miss dunne I like it . what be that ? conor my band . miss dunne you be in a band ? cool . what be they call ? conor I do not know yet ! what about '' La vie '' . it 's french for '' the life '' . miss dunne I know . I like that . in a moment , there be a knock at the door , and a fifth form kid enter . fifth former headmaster want to see conor lawlor . miss dunne nod . conor get up , head out with the fifth former , worried . ext . synge STREET yard - day conor follow the fifth former as he march across the empty yard . he look over he shoulder at conor . fifth former what be you wear on you face ? conor bit of make up . I be in a band . what do you think brother baxter want ? ( continued ) 62. the fifth former shrug . fifth former hurry up . int . brother baxter 's office - day brother baxter be fill out file . he do not look up . conor be lead into the room . fifth former conor lawlor , brother . he close the door , leave conor stand there . finally , brother baxter look up . brother baxter what 's go on ? conor with what ? brother baxter with ... this . he gesture the face . conor oh . well , I check the rule book . the one you mention , about the brown shoe ? I could not find anything about makeup . or alter hair colour . he shrug . he lift he foot up , revealing the newly paint black shoe . conor I paint they . with paint from the art room . brother baxter do not even look at they . he be seethe underneath . brother baxter head down to the toilet and remove the make up right now . conor why ? brother baxter because I tell you to . ( continued ) 63. conor I be in a band now . a school band . and I think it 's important for we to have a '' look '' . brother baxter you be a man . Men do not wear makeup . conor yeah , but why not ? like , people in the 18th century would have wear make up . so that mean that people like mozart would have . and he be a man . brother baxter so you be mozart , be you ? conor shrug , a little embarrassed . shake he head . he smile . brother baxter that make I salieri , be it ? conor who 's salieri ? brother baxter take the make up off , and stop act like you deserve special treatment . conor I do not want special treatment . at all . brother baxter you have a fine face , I would not worry about cover it up with make up . conor stand there , try to work this one out . brother baxter you can use I own bathroom there . if you like . he gesture a door off he office . conor I be go to go back to class now . conor exit . we hold on brother baxter . 64 . int . the corridor - moment later conor exit the office , but brother baxter be hot on he tail . he grab conor by the hair , and drag he down the corridor . conor shout and wriggle , but bb mean business . it 's like a red mist have descend over he . he slap he a couple of time across the side of the head . other kid look on , clear the way . bb kick in the door to the student 's bathroom , push conor through in front of he . int . the toliet - continuous conor fall into the toliet . bb follow , pick he up and force he over to one of the sink . conor you can not do this ! brother baxter you wanna bet ? bb turn on the tap , and as the sink fill up , plunge conor 's head into the water . conor buck like a drown animal . brother baxter pull he head back out . conor gasp for air , spluttering water . brother baxter slap a bar of soap into conor 's face , mush it into he face . brother baxter ( shouting ) we will get you clean ! do not worry ! we will clean you up ! and get that shite off ye . then down into the water again . conor splutter . again , he be pull back out , now cry and cough , he make up mixing with soap and drip down he face . brother baxter wipe he hand with a towel , and turn to go , leave conor lean over the sink shiver . he exit . we hold on conor . int . art classroom - later conor be back in regular class . he have makeup stain under he eye , and he hair be wet . he look like a drown rat . he be shiver , but hold back tear . all eye be on he . some giggle , other shocked . he look very alone . 65 . ext . synge STREET school - day student exit the main gate at the end of the day . conor push he bike out . to he surprise , raphina be lean against the school gate up ahead . she be listen to music on massive , 1970 - style headphone with a curly lead . they be plugge into she battery operate tape player from home . she 's smoking a cigarette . she give he a wave and one of she killer smile . just see she lift he . raphina hey cosmo . conor who ? raphina that 's what I be call you now . cosmo . you need a catchy name if you be go to be in a band . conor right . what be you do here ? raphina wait for you . what happen to you ? he look pretty rough . conor oh. nothing . ( off she tape machine ) do that work ? raphina ( shouting ) for about half a hour . then the battery run out . and I have to rob more . but it mean I can take my tape anywhere . conor wow . portable music . she smile . link he arm , and walk off with he . ext . the park - later - day a small , city centre park . some kid play on the swing . other drink cider and smoke on a bench . conor and raphina enter . ( continued ) he smile . 66 . raphina I really like you song . it make I cry . conor oh , I be sorry . raphina no no , that 's a good thing . but write I a happy one some time . conor what if I do not feel happy ? raphina what have you get to not feel happy about ? Big house . family . and we do not live in the Lebanon ! she have a point . conor who 's the guy , with the car ? raphina Evan ? conor yeah . be he you boyfriend ? raphina we be on and off . it 's complicated . we be kind of on a break right now . conor yeah . that 's a good idea . take a break for a year or so . get some perspective . raphina you be funny . he 's actually a really nice guy . conor yeah . shit taste in music though . she smile . raphina he 's take I to London . I be too young to go on my own . he 's organize everything . book the ticket , and get we a apartment and all . we be go after I get my portfolio shot . it 's a really big deal to get you shot do just right . for modell . you whole career can depend on it . ( continued ) 67 . conor yeah . and what 's in it for Evan ? she pause , fall behind . raphina be you jealous , cosmo ? conor why would I be jealous ? raphina exactly . write I a happy song . I need a laugh . conor what if I do not feel happy ? raphina you problem be that you be not happy be sad . that 's what love be , cosmo. ( beat ) happy / sad . cosmo search she for the meaning of this . she just smile back . she check she watch . raphina shit , I gotta go . we only have a half a hour dinner window at my house . conor oh yeah , so what 's that house like , where you live ? raphina it 's fine . better than some of the other place I have be . conor cool . so ... where be you parent ? raphina my da 's brown bread . he get hit by a car . conor oh my god. sorry . raphina no , do not be . he be drunk . he deserve it . I mar 's in and out of hospital . ( continued ) 68. conor why ? raphina she 's a nurse . she laugh . he get it . raphina no . she 's a manic depressive . cosmo be shocked by this . but try to lighten it . conor so , like , '' happy / sad " ? raphina you be funny . I like that . she kiss he on either cheek again , and turn to go , but then turn . raphina let I know if you need I for another video before I go . conor okay . when be you go ? raphina soon. ( beat ) you do not have any problem , cosmo . she wink , and sprint off , leave cosmo to decode . int . brendan 's room - later that night conor be stand in the doorway of he brother 's room . Brendan sit on he usual chair . conor ..+- what do she mean by that ? brendan she mean that you have get to get to a place in life where you be okay with you sadness . that you be not fight it anymore , but that you be almost ... happy with it . it 's monastic . she 's like a monk . I like this girl . conor ( half-getting it ) right . happy/sad . ( continued ) 69 . brendan so she dad 's dead , and she mum be mental ? and you think you have problem ? ( beat ) so that 's what the older boyfriend be about . daddy issue . I use to know chick like she . they can be tricky . and need a lot of protect . think you be up for that , conor ? conor I do not know . she 's not even my girlfriend . brendan so what 's it all about then ? conor I think she 's just a amazing human be . I have never see anything like she . the way she talk . and look . she wear this sunglass , and when she take they off , she eye , it 's like the cloud clear past the moon . and sometimes , I just want to cry look at she . Brendan pause , smile . Brendan have take a new album down from he shelf . he slip out the record , and throw the sleeve to conor . a 80 's band , all dress in black , look gloomy . conor be mesmerize by they look . brendan they be happy / sad . a gothic , pop / love song start up on the turn table and Brendan smile . brendan Close the door . conor push the door close , transfix by the sound . Brendan take he seat . conor , he . it 's go to be a long night . dissolve to : ext . synge STREET school gate - another day as the song continue , conor walk through the school gate . he be with eamon and Darren . conor be now dress in a long , black overcoat . ( continued ) 70 . ( possibly he mum 's ) , a endless scarf , and have dyed he hair black , and back comb . a junior sherlock holme / cure-head . eamon how do you mean , you be '' happy / sad '' ? darren yeah . how be I suppose to market that ? conor it mean that we be not pop anymore . eamon be we pop ? I be happy be any type of band . I just want to play . conor that 's fine . be who you be , eamon . eamon I do not know who I be . maybe I be happy / sad too ? I do not know . darren ( shouting ) what do happy / sad mean ??! how can you be both bleedin thing ?? it make no sense . conor ( stop ) it mean that I be stick in this shithole , full of moron and rapist and bully , and I be go to deal with it . okay ? it 's just how life be now . and I be go to try and accept that and get on with it , and make some art ! darren right . eamon how do it affect we music ? conor positively . int . the dart train - day song continue over . the whole band , with Darren and raphina , ride the dart train out of the city . ( continued ) 71 . they be carry the camera , and a few prop - picture frame and paint brushes . the band be all cure head now , and look quite good . but it 's low - budget cure head . conor and raphina sit across the aisle from they . Music play over , as they ride out towards the sea . a welcome break from the city . conor watch the sun burst behind raphina 's profile . he smile , take out the camera and filming she . conor describe to the gang what this video will be about , read from he journal ... conor so the idea of this video be about a guy stand halfway down a pier . and a beautiful woman walk past he . towards the lighthouse . half a hour later , she have not come back . so he investigate . but she 's go . darren wha ? conor there 's nowhere to go . and yet she 's not there ? darren she 's vanish ? eamon she 's jump in . she 's kill herself . conor correct . she 's really sad . raphina no she 's not . she 's a mermaid . she 's jump back into the sea . you see , she get wash up in a fishing net . and she 's be in the city . but she 's be die to return to the water . to she friend . where she belong . conor like this . he smile . he start write this into he journal . conor yeah . that 's better . ext . the pier - day the band have set up they gear at the end of the pier , look out to the irish sea . conor be frame up the camera . ( continued ) 72 . the wind threaten to blow it over on its tiny , lightweight tripod . conor okay , so we be play here , and raphina walk past . then i’1l show you where you can jump off . from here it will look like you have go into the sea . he show raphina and the other a little ledge behind the wall , where it will appear as though she 's drop into the sea , but be in fact just on the other side . raphina it 's not far enough down . you 'il see the top of my head . conor you will have to dip you head down to make it look real . the other look doubtful , include raphina . conor trust I . ext . the pier - later they be halfway through another song , miming to playback . Darren be operate the camera . they all look very gloomy and introspective ; ala the cure , stare down at the ground , and barely play they instrument . but the song be brilliant . Darren hold up the picture frame in front of the musician in separate shot . conor stand with he hand in he pocket . now raphina enter frame , walk towards the end of the pier . she pause for a moment , and ngig hold up a picture frame in front of she as she walk . she be mouth the lyric . as she get to the end of the pier , she stare out to sea dramatically . conor be watch she in the background , sing . then she jump . but not onto the ledge . in fact , she jump way past it and into the sea . for a moment , conor have not see what 's happen . he go on sing . but Darren look up from the viewfinder . darren ( shouting over the music ) em , I think she go into the sea . seriously . ( continued ) 73. conor look over towards the wall . no sign of raphina . conor shit ! he break away from the group and run over , jump up onto the wall . down below , raphina be struggle in the choppy water . conor what the hell ?? raphina keep-bloody-filming ! conor what ? behind he , Darren run with the camera and tripod . he have hear she , and be roll . now the camera be on conor . conor what 's 1ll I do ? darren stop look in the camera . raphina save I ! conor what ? raphina jump in . it 'il look great ! conor but my clothes ?? raphina I can not swim ! conor you mean the character or actual you ? raphina actual I ! she be thrashing around in the water , start to get pull under . conor throw off he coat and look towards Darren . Darren steady the shot . give the thumb up . raphina be shouting for help , off . conor dive into the sea . Darren tilt down as he hit the water . a perfect shot . ( continued ) 74 . darren yes ! conor swim over to raphina who be genuinely start to drow , and pull she towards the ledge . the camera follow . the rest of the band have gather on the edge of the pier , look down and cheer . ext . on the water - continuous down below , conor pull she onto the safety of the ledge as she spit mouth full of water . conor Jesus Christ ! what be you think ? raphina ( up to Darren ) do you get it ??!! Darren give a thumb up , as he scan back over the shot . raphina fantastic !! the band laugh . conor can you really not swim ? raphina nope . conor then why do you do that ? raphina for we art ! you can not do thing by half , cosmo . he shake he head , search she . they be both shiver and wet . suddenly , he reach in , and steal a kiss . she be silence by it . amaze . conor sorry ... I ... I be sorry . that be ... raphina great . be what it be . Fair play . conor ( happy ) be it ? what about Evan ? ( continued ) 75 . raphina Evan 's just a mean to a end . ( scene 82 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 83 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 84 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 85 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 86 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 87 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 88 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 89 intentionally deleted ) ext . the pier - later the gang haul they gear back up the pier . conor and raphina fall back . raphina be look out to sea . conor you know , on a clear day you can actually see the mainland of England ? Ireland be actually only 30 mile from the coast of Wale . it have to have just rain . no dust in the air . then you can just about see it . raphina no way . how do you know stuff like that ? conor my grandad work on the ship to holyhead . he use to bring I out here . we use to go out on he little boat . fishing . raphina wow . so I can wave back to you when I be in London ! conor 's heart sink . they both stop and look out to sea . the other carry on . int . the all the out . 76 . the train - returning - day gang return to the city at dusk ; tired and wear out from the sea air . the rooftop of Dublin spread out through window . raphina lean she head against the glass look conor sit next to she . conor my brother say all the great artist have to get off this island . the one who stay just get depressed . or turn into alcoholics . raphina that make sense . you mention you brother a lot , do not you ? do you really love he ? conor shrug . he 's never be ask a question like this . conor well , he 's kind of like my dad ina way . he seem to be the only one who care how I turn out . like take music - when we be kid , we share a room - and he have play I record every night . falling asleep . he say that way , the music enter into you subconscious . he 's a bit mad like that . raphina he sound cool . my dad use to sing song to I fall asleep . and it get so I could not fall asleep until he be back from the pub . which be usually after 11 . then he have sit there on the side of the bed , sing the auld triangle , or whatever , old mad rebel song ! the smell of drink , and I have fall asleep with the music . ( beat ) always have trouble sleep since he die . she smile . int . conor 's house - day conor and Brendan sit at the top of they stair . down below , penny be sit in the porch , catch the last few minute of evening sun . they watch she , she shoulder strap pull down a little , a glass of wine pour , and a cigarette in the ashtray . it be a beautiful , sad image . ( continued ) brendan ( watch she ) 77 . look at she . she race home in the evening to get that last little of sun . she sit there and read the evening paper . she 's always bit talk about a holiday to Spain . but he never take she . this be she get . then that tall tree block it , and she come in . I all often wonder what she 's think about . we hold on conor , watch he mother . ext . synge STREET school yard - another day - conor walk with the band through school . massive sunglass and a porkpie hat . the be a little ABC . outside he class , they they individual class . conor join he wait with the rest of the class to get conor . barry he be wear rest of the band disperse , back to queue . Barry be in . he laugh at I hear you be in a band now . what be they call ? the queer ? a few lame laugh from the group . conor good one , Barry . be someone get this down ? you know who you be like , Barry ? oscar wilde . barry what class be he in ? conor shake he head . some people laugh at Barry . another , bigger kid , stand with some fifth former , overhear this . bigger kid he 's not in school , Barry , you spanner . barry wha ? bigger kid you spa . the crowd laugh . Barry be not use to this . barry I be go to kill you some day , do you know that ? ( continued ) 78 . conor no you be not . because you do not even exist . barry what ? Barry come up close to he . this time , conor stand he ground . a small group be gather . he turn . conor you be live in my world , I be not live in yours . you be just material for my song . barry be careful what you say now , you will get a batter . conor go ahead Barry . beat I up while you still have the power . this be the best year of you life . but it 'il all come crash down when you leave school . you only have the power to stop thing . but not to create . Barry do not stop he . it 's a minor triumph for the little man . conor join the back of the group , on he own . Barry make a wanker gesture with he fist . this bomb be diffuse , but the battle be far from over . int . synge STREET school corridor - another day conor be excitedly lead Darren and eamon down a corridor towards the notice board . there 's a poster for the end -of - term disco . end of term disco . School hall Fri 15th . dj and light ! ticket £ 2 . eamon so ? conor I say we ask if we can play at it . we first gig ! darren when be it ? conor Three week . ( continued ) 79 . eamon we be not ready . conor we could be . we need a deadline . something to prepare for . eamon we have exam next week . I need to prepare for that . conor they be mid term exam . they mean nothing . eamon they do to I ma . she want I to go to college a all . get qualification . will there be girl at the disco ? conor yes ! eamon I say we do it . conor we have get five song . we need a half hour set . so three more ... int . conor 's bedroom - night conor be work away with a acoustic guitar and notebook and pen . he write lyric , try they out . conor '' well the boot 's on the other foot now , look alive we be take you down . you curtain 's fall , take a bow '' . as he pluck away on the acoustic , he composition be interrupt by raise voice , off . ROBERT ( off ) well you be sure as hell not move in here with he ! penny ( off ) it 's my mother 's house ! ( continued ) 80. ROBERT ( off ) I have be pay a mortgage on this house for fifteen year . I must own some part of it by now ! penny ( off ) you come into this relationship with nothing but a bicycle and a raincoat ! and you have never have anything . my mother be right ! ROBERT ( off ) oh give I a break . go to he place . go on , piss off . int . conor 's house - hallway - night conor set out into the corridor . his mother be fill a large suitcase in the hallway below from she wardrobe . Robert be stand with he arm fold , watch she . conor look up at Brendan 's attic door . it be close . int . brendan 's room —- moment later the two brother sit in Brendan 's room listen to a popular 80 's tune . this drown out they parent 's row . they be laugh , and have a good time , air guitar and air drum . brendan people sort of laugh at this chap , but he 's actually the dog bollock ! conor look at the album cover . int . conor 's bedroom - morning conor wake up on a Saturday morning . we hold on he overhead , as he lie there , consider he lot . he finally pull himself out of bed and exit . int . conor 's houe - hallway - continuous conor be greet by a man ( 40s ) directly outside he door , who be measure the corridor with a tape , take note in he pad . ( continued ) 81. conor who be you ? man I be with the surveyor . conor oh. man can I do you room now ? conor shrug , head down stair . int . conor 's house - live room - moment later conor enter the live room . penny and Robert be go through paper work . she look conor who 's the guy upstairs ? ROBERT he 's from the surveying company . we be have the house evaluate . conor you mean , sell ? penny no , I do not mean sell . we be have it value . it might be a good time to sell it and downsize . conor be you people go you separate way ? penny what be this '' you people '' ? and Robert and penny ? what ever happen to '' mum '' ? '' how be you day , mum '' , or '' '' you look really stress , mum '' or '' I Love you , mum . '' like she might cry . conor be sort of surprised . penny that might be nice . what be wrong with kid who will not call they mother mum . conor a lot be wrong ! look at we . we be lunatic who can hardly leave they bedroom . ( more ) ( continued ) 82. and wimp who can not defend themselves in school . with parent who can not stop argue for twenty year . we be far from normal . ROBERT shut up , conor . there 's people in the house . in the background , through the window , a for sale sign be erect . conor point at it . conor oh look . a for sale sign . ROBERT ( bluff ) we be testing the market . co nor get up , annoyed , head out . conor I be go to band practice . ROBERT oh , about that . it 's great that you be do something extracurricular , but do not you have end of term exam soon ? conor yeah . so ? ROBERT should not you be spend you weekend do revision ? conor this be school . he walk out . ext . conor 's house - moment later conor march past the for sale sign , and off up the street . int . eamon 's live room - day conor and the band finish off a song . in a moment , eamon 's mar enter . eamon what , ma !? we be work . ( continued ) 83. eamon 's mum Mr. griffen from next door have just be rush into hospital this morning . he have a heart attack . eamon so ? eamon 's mum so , you will have to stop play . they be all inside . eamon but we be in the middle of write a song ! we have a gig . eamon 's mum eamon ! they be just back from the hospital ! show some respect . it be probably this racket that give he the heart attack in the first place . eamon that 's a mean thing to say . she exit . they look at each other , shrugging . int . synge STREET - art classroom —- day lad filter out of miss dunne 's art class . miss dunne call conor back as he go . miss dunne how 's that band of yours go , conor ? conor oh , good , miss . well , yeah . okay . miss dunne when be we go to hear yiz play ? conor well we be go to play at the end of term disco , but now we have lose we rehersal space . miss dunne that 's a bit shit . what about ask brother baxter ? there 's load of vacant room here . conor he hate I . so I ask brother byrne for the p.e. Hall , but he say no . ( continued ) 84 . miss dunne freaking Brothers . they have drive this school into the ground . you know they be almost outnumber now ? conor no ? miss dunne yeah . there 's half we lay teacher now . and rise . ( beat ) one day ... ( beat ) why do not you use here ? conor what ? miss dunne it 's my classroom , be not it ? conor that would be amazing , miss . she walk he out . miss dunne let I look into it . she wink , return to she work . conor exit with a smile . miss dunne but ye better be good now ! conor ( pause ) we be . he head out . int . synge STREET exam hall - day conor take the mid-term test . a exam supervisor stand at the top of the hall look at he watch . supervisor and ... begin . the swish of a hundred student open they paper . they start to write . we focus on conor read the question . he be baffle by they . scatter about the hall be the rest of the band , scratch they head and shrugging they shoulder to each other , as everyone else be write . ( continued ) 85 . we see that conor have give up , and be write lyric in he journal instead . int . synge STREET art classroom - day the band finish a song in the classroom . they be sounding a lot better than before . in fact , they be tight . and conor be more and more confident at the mic . conor so I have get a idea for another video . who 's free on Saturday ? ngig sometimes I think you be only shoot this video so you can see you one . the chick . conor no I be not . the other laugh in agreement . we know he be right . conor shut up ! let I tell you what happen . ext . synge STREET - raphina 's house - night conor walk up the step to raphina 's door . as he do so , the front door open silently , and raphina sneak out , carry a overnight bag . she close the door silently , bump into he with a yelp . he laugh . raphina jaysis ! shh . conor what be you do ? raphina sneak out . she think I have go to bed already . come on ! she drag he down the stair and around the corner , giggle , under a tree . conor where be you go ? raphina ( evasive ) just out for the night . what be you do here ? ( continued ) 86 . conor oh . we be shoot another video . this Saturday . in the school . but it 's a really big one . we have get extras come , from the girl school and everything . it 's go to be amazing . raphina sound epic . i’1ll try to come . conor you have to come ! I have get the whole video work out in my head . from down the street , the Ford granada pull up outside raphina 's house . Evan be sit in the driver seat . he do not see they around the corner . conor look at the car . then at raphina 's overnight bag . get it . conor come on . let 's go . you do not need to be with he . raphina how else do you expect I to get to London ? he 's connect . and he have money . conor what 's so special about London ? Jesus . it 's just there ! it 's not like all you problem be go to go away because you be in England ! raphina shut up now , and do not be get jealous . leave it . this have be nice . conor just let go . we will think of something . raphina you be a kid . do not be crazy . if we be not go , then I 'il swing by Saturday . okay ? Love ya . she smile . she run off . conor watch as she jump into the car and it speed off . we hold on conor. 87 . ext . synge STREET school - day conor exit the school , carry he report card in he hand . other kid study they 's . he meet eamon , who be look at he at the school gate . Darren join they . conor do you do as badly as I ? he show eamon he card . fail . fail . fail . darren I fail too . eamon shit . I scrape a pass . conor well do ! conor my mar be go to kill I . what be you go to say to yours ? conor I have not think about it yet ... they walk out . in the background , Barry tear he report card in half and throw it away without even read it . he then box another kid in the face and approach conor , eamon and Darren . he reach in he school bag and take out a homemade knife . a metal bar with a plastic scalpel weld it to it . barry I make this in metal work class . what do you think ? and you say I could not create anything ? conor be silent . it look gnarly , and lethal . Barry smile . barry and I be go to mark you with it . one of this day . and you will not be so handsome then . in you little band . conor look at it , then at Barry . conor why be you target I , Barry ? what do I do to you ? barry I do not like you . ( continued ) 88. conor be it because you brother beat you up ? and you be take it out on someone else . like that day down the laneway ? barry ( laugh ) that 's not I brother . that 's I da . what be you say about I da ? he lean in , laugh menacingly , raise the knife to conor 's face . a millimeter from he mouth . just then , brother baxter appear out of a doorway behind they . Barry quickly pocket the knife , before brother baxter see it . brother baxter what 's go on here ? be there a problem , lawlor ? conor no , brother . brother baxter just turn and re-enter he office , close the door . Barry be as surprised as the rest of they . he look around , then skulk off . barry see you around . we hold on conor . int . synge STREET art classroom - day about ten local teenage girl sit on desk . ten boy stand around the classroom . they have turn up to be extras . a number of table have be turn upsidedow to make a small stage . on this , the band 's gear have be set up . garry check he drum kit on stage . miss dunne be hang decoration up , include a disco ball . Darren be move about with the camera , look for shot . across the room , miss dunne check she watch . miss dunne so you would better film something . I have to lock up in a hour . darren yeah . she 's not come . let 's do it without she . ( continued ) 89 . conor reluctantly agree . he get up on stage . darren so , all of you come and stand here . you have to pretend it 's a live gig . and you be the audience . conor okay , so everyone . this be like a school video . but not like a irish school . more like a american school . and it 's the prom night . we will rehearse it . he press playback , and the band mime . co nor sing into a microphone . but he eye be on the door . we hear the first verse . the band be really come along . conor be really develop some stage presence . again , he look towards the door . but this time ... it open . raphina be come through . but she 's dress up in a amazing , 1950 's style prom dress . as she enter , we start to notice that we be not in the classroom anymore . we be in a huge school hall . it 's prom night in a big , american school . conor 's band be transformed on stage . all wear cool , 50 's clothes . in this video , conor 's parent will arrive , all dress up and happy together to see they son on stage . Brendan show up , like Jimmy Dean in rebel without a Cause , and make a fool of the bungling brother baxter . and conor will defeat the evil Barry , who be dress like the lead scorpion in grease . then the entire audience start a choreograph dance sequence , which bring we out . we pull out from the view finder , and find ourselves back in the mean little classroom in Dublin . the group be huddle around the view finder . there 's no sign of raphina . it 's all be in conor 's head . dissolve to : ( scene 107 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 108 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 109 intentionally deleted ) ( scene 110 intentionally deleted ) 90 . ext . conor 's house - afternoon conor return home . he pause at the door , look at he report card . he enter . int . conor 's house —- hallway - continuous as conor enter the hallway , he be meet by he mother come down the stair . conor so before you get angry ... penny oh good , there you be . ( call ) he 's back . you get bren . ROBERT ( off ) okay . penny we want to chat to you both . Kitchen . two minute . she pass . int . conor 's live room - day conor , penny and Robert sit around the table in the kitchen , as they do a few month ago . wait . in a moment , we hear Brendan run down the stair . he enter , carry all he smoking and drink shit . brendan pray begin . he sit down . ROBERT well . so , firstly , we do not want to make a big deal about this . lot 's of marry couple - penny you father and I be split up . brendan ( get up ) thank you ! knew it be just a question of time . let I know when we be move . i’1l be pack . ( continued ) gl . ROBERT why do not you sit down Brendan , for a second , and we will tell you what we be think . see if you agree . brendan oh . a consensus ? well that 's novel . go ahead . he sit down . we push in on conor for the follow . ROBERT so you mother 's fall in love with tony . and they be go to move into he apartment for a while . we get a offer on this house - it 's half what it 's worth , but we be go to take it . I can not afford to stay here on my own . conor so be you , like , get a divorce ? penny no , you can not get divorced in Ireland . we will be legally separate . it 's better for everyone . ROBERT I will get a apartment , and you guy will live between there and ... there . brendan I will not be stay in tony 's . let 's get that very straight . I have rather sleep on the street . Brendan seem unusually angry . even twitchy . ROBERT we will talk about all the detail . tony 's a very nice man . I can vouch for that . this be very hard for he to say . penny be surprised . penny ( almost silently ) thank you . brendan wow . look at you two . this be the first time I have see you be nice to each other in ten year ! ( continued ) he light up a cigarette , raise he eye to heaven . conor maybe he 's right . maybe this be what you need to do , you know , to get back . closer than before . everyone look at conor . suddenly see how young he be . and how vulnerable . conor you do not love tony . you hardly know he . you get that job a few month ago . it 's just a excuse . a way of end this relationship because you do not know how to keep it together . ROBERT now conor . you do not know what you be talk about . he get up and exit , slamm the door . after a moment , Brendan gather he stuff and exit , shaking he head , leave the parent sit there on they own . int . brendan 's room —- moment later Brendan enter he room to find conor sit on the hammock . Brendan set he stuff down . conor so you be right . brendan it be obvious . conor they be we parent . they be suppose to look after we . so we can do stuff . brendan that 's bullshit . they be just human being . I tell you that . conor I be sort of hope they have come to my gig on Friday . brendan what ? you think they have suddenly become different people ? and start notice what you be do ? or want ? they have they own shit go on . they be not go to come to you stupid gig . ( continued ) 93. this be not the usual Brendan . conor why be it stupid now ? brendan it 's not that it 's stupid . it 's that it 's annoying . conor what be wrong with you ? brendan I do not know ! I be have withdrawal . conor from what ? brendan from hash . I have not smoke in two day . conor why ? brendan so I can do something with my life ! conor like what ? brendan look at you . you little punk . you know nothing , do you ? you be the youngest . you get to follow the path that I machete through the jungle that be we mad family . they take all they shit out on I . I get bitten by every insect , and snake . and fall into every river . for six year I be alone with that two . you think they be mad now , think what they be like when they be in they late twenty with a scream baby in a rent flat who get marry because they be two Catholic who want to sleep with each other . they do not even love each other . and I be in the middle of that . on my own . and then you come along , thank God , and follow the trail I cut for we . you just move in my jet stream . untouch . and people laugh at I now . at the stoner . the college dropout . and praise you . ( more ) ( continued ) 94 . and that 's fine . but once , I be a fuck jet engine . on this , he take a pile of vinyl off the shelf and fling they across the room smash they . conor 's eye be glaze over . conor I ' 1ll just be back in a second . I have to go to the toilet . he exit . int . conor' house - toilet - continuous conor cry he eye out in the toilet . ext . conor 's house - morning Darren ring on conor 's bell . in a moment , conor answer . he be wear he pyjamas . darren you can not run away from this , you know that ? you have to face he . conor he 'il kill I . darren yeah . but you be just kick it down the line . come on . as you manager I have let you down . I have not solve this problem . I can not sleep . he walk off . ext . a block of council flat - day conor follow Darren up the step to the fourth floor of a block of flat . they walk past numerous door , stop at one . darren now , leave this to I . he knock . in a moment , Barry open the door . he be very surprised to see this two . from inside , the sound of the tv . barry what do yous want ? ( continued ) 95 . conor we want to talk to you . voice ( 0.s. ) who the hell be it ? barry ( xe conor ) get he away from I door , I be go to kill he . darren no you be not , Barry ! because he have a chance to rat you out the other day , and he do not . he make a choice . ( beat ) you think you be different from we . from everyone . and you be . you be nut ! but we have one thing in common , you , I and he . ( meaning conor ) . barry no we bleedin’ do not . he 's a queer , and you be a fag , probably . because who else would hang around with a queer , except a fag . darren do you want to know what it be ? ( beat ) we be all shit at school . we have all fail this exam , and we will be out of school next year . we be bleedin useless ! silence . Barry do not disagree . barry so ? darren so what be you go to do when you be kick out of school ? stay at home with you ma and Da ? get waste ? watch daytime telly ? barry okay . barry da ( off ) Barry ? who be it , son ? darren well we be go to be in a band . gigging . on the road . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . different venue each night . different woman . a bleedin band ! and do you know what band need ? barry what ? Darren lean in . darren roadies . ( beat ) someone who be strong , and know how to fight ! protect themselves , and the lad . and carry gear . barry be you talk about I ? darren why not ? you would be great at it . you be tough . ane you be off you head . he think about he . his Da scream , off barry da ( off ) Barry ! get in here and get I another bottle . you worthless shite . barry I be a worthless shite . what would you want with I ? in a fag band . darren a band be like be in the army . everyone have everyone else 's back . fag or not . think you be up to it ? barry da ( off ) where be you , you lazy prick ? do you hear I ? get in here and get we a bleedin bottle ! barry hold on a second . Barry disappear for a moment . Darren and conor exchange look . we hear a smash from inside . follow by a groan . his father be silence . in a moment , Barry reappear . he have a break bottle neck in he hand . and some blood on it . he chuck it away , as we hear groan of he father , off . ( continued ) 97 . barry could I drive the van ? conor we do not have a- darren ( elbow he ) of course you will drive the van ! when we get one . Barry exit , grab he jacket , and pull the door behind he . barry come on . darren we have a gig this Friday . be you free ? I have get a fiver for you for it . you can do the light . ext . the flat —- continuous they set off , away from Barry 's house , Barry follow behind in between they . conor and Darren exchange a smile of surprise . the bomb have finally be diffuse . ext . synge STREET school - day the three of they arrive at school . as they cross the road , conor look over he shoulder towards raphina 's house . there 's a young girl walk back towards the house carry a bottle of milk . she 's be look at they . but she quickly look away . we think we recognize she . but we be not sure . conor double take , then break away from the lad and run towards she as she run up the step . conor hey . wait . but the girl hurry up . conor catch she up . spin she around . it be raphina . but a much young look raphina , wear a dowdy jumper , stone wash jeans and trainer . her hair have not be back -comb . she 's wear no make up . she look like a kid . raphina wha ? conor be it you ? raphina who ? ( continued ) 98 . conor raphina ? raphina I be not raphina . I be she young sister . conor no you be not . what be you do ? I think you be in London ? raphina my sister ? yeah , she 's in London . get on great . she walk on . conor follow , spin she around . she stare he in the face , finally give up . int . the little park - day conor and raphina sit on a bench . she really do look different . without the war paint and clothes , she 's lose something of herself . raphina ... it be a mad idea anyway . I do not know anyone in London . conor I think he have book ticket ? raphina no . it be all just a act . to get a ride like . he do not have a flat there . or friend . or any of that . conor so where be he now ? raphina ( ashamed ) I do not know . he leave I in a b&b in town . I have be try to ring he . I be like I ma. she blushes a little . conor so what be you go to do now ? raphina I do not know . I be go to print up some cvs . but I have not do anything . except you video . so I do not know where to start . ( continued ) 99 . conor cvs for what ? raphina I do not know . McDonalds have a ad in they window . would you still fancy I if I be say '' do you want chip with that ? '' conor I have fancy you no matter what , as long as you be happy . raphina oh shut up , you sap . you make I sick . I do not know what I be do half the time . I live in a dream world . who 's go to put I in a ad ? or the cover of a magazine ? I be tell you - I be like I ma , think like that . there 's something wrong with I . she hit she head , she eye fill with tear . conor there 's nothing wrong with you . but you have to follow one dream at a time . I be actually happy I think you be in London . even though I be jealous . and I miss you . ( beat ) I have to go now . I have a gig to rehearse for . he get up . she look at he . then get up and they both wander back . raphina tell I about that ... conor it 's we first gig . at the school . will you come ? they chat as they wander off . we crane up . int . conor 's bedroom - night conor sit down and pick up pad and pen . he think about what he want to say . then write down to find you . he start write a first verse . ext . eamon 's house - day 100 . eamon open the door to he house . conor 's be outside , with he journal of lyric . conor want to write a song ? eamon ( smile ) always . he enter . dissolve to : int . brendan 's room —- day conor knock on Brendan 's room . Brendan be just sit there . the window open , look out . conor hi. I be off to school . get that gig tonight . brendan excellent . what time ? conor start at 9 . brendan okay . in 1l see you there , probably . be you girlfriend go ? conor she 's not my girlfriend . I do not know . she 's totally unreliable . I might try and get a new girlfriend tonight . if the gig go well like . brendan you know I be in a band once ? conor really . brendan oh yeah . we never get to play a gig . but we practice for about a summer . it be really just a excuse to get high with you friend . but we be not half bad . I write some pretty good lyric . ( continued ) he shake 101 . conor what happen ? brendan ah , parent . mum always want I to be a doctor . or a lawyer . he head . brendan you should be glad they do not give as much of a damn about you . conor maybe that 's what you will do . brendan when ? conor when you get off you arse . re-form a band ? write some lyric . int . conor 's house - kitchen - day conor pass through the kitchen . penny and Robert be eat breakfast and read the paper . conor grab a slice of toast and he school bag and go to exit . conor oh , I will be late tonight . neither of he parent look up . conor School gig . penny okay . what time be it at ? conor we be on at around 9 . be you come ? penny ohh . I might be busy . a work do . I will try and get out of it . conor cool. dad ? ROBERT where be it at ? conor at school . it 's a '' school '' gig . ( continued ) 102 . ROBERT oh yeah . okay . I 'il try . conor smile , happy . he exit . ext . conor 's house - day Music over . conor exit he house . he look up at a '' sale agreed '' sign in he garden . he be carry a envelope . he stuff it into he jacket and get on he bike . ext . street - day Music over , as conor cycle through street . raphina 's stoop - day conor drop in the envelope through raphina 's door . ext . synge STREET school - night people arrive for the school disco . they enter the gym hall . int . synge STREET school - gym hall - night a dj play music . there be a few color light . gang of teenager assemble in group . no one dance . Brothers and teacher supervise thing . on stage , the band 's gear be set up . int . back stage - night behind the stage be a little change area , where we boy be assemble . they be dress up . conor wear pretty funky makeup . they nervously check behind the curtain . darren it 's fill up lad . there 's chick from Saint anne , Notre Dame . and St. Louis ! this just make the band more nervous . all except eamon , who sit on a desk , he guitar strapped on practice . conor notice that he 's quiet . he approach . conor you alright ? ( continued ) eamon yeah bro . I be good . ( beat ) show I ma I test result . conor oh yeah ? what do she say . eamon she kill I ! have to get the mark up by end of year . gotta leave the band . conor really ? eamon Da 's not come out for a while . I have to help take care of thing . she 's on the dole . she can not manage . conor but we can not break up . maybe if we just practice once a week . eamon Nah . if we be to do it we should do it properly . conor you be too good not to do this . this be you dream , right ? be in a band ? write music ? get out of Dublin ? eamon maybe later . after school or whatever . i’1l still play . and write and stuff . but I have to focus on school and job . I can not afford to have that dream right now . conor understand . garry ( 0.s . ) so what 's we set list ? ext . synge STREET school - night more and more kid show up . kid of all age . some of they drunk . 104 . int . synge STREET school gym - night thing be turbulent in the school hall . Brothers and teacher have a tough time keep thing under control . a few local skinhead have show up , drink bottle of cider . Girls have start kissing guy . on stage , a fifth former ( 17 ) speak into a microphone as the dj turn down the music . fifth former okay . so now , some live music . no one clap . except miss dunne , who be there with she boyfriend , a man in he late thirty . they be drink orange juice . the band take to the stage . conor 's look get laugh : he 's wear a dress and heavy makeup . a few '' faggot '' from the crowd , etc . conor begin a riff . conor hello Dublin . we be sing Street . from Dublin . crowd ( collectively ) boo !!!!!!! thug voice faggot band ! conor dad , you should not have come if you be go to slag we . ( beat ) this be call '' word '' . the band crash into they first song , a lively , up - tempo stomper . cosmo be transformed on stage . he 's step outside himself . he 's carefree and confident with the microphone , and he week of rehersal have pay off . the band be tight . miss dunne be delighted . the other teacher be not so sure of the angry , passionate performance and risqué lyric , as the crowd begrudgingly start to come around , gather at the front of stage . Barry be work they backline . Darren wink at he . the play through they first song passionately , and it end to some applause , mostly from girl . 105 . int . raphina 's house - earlier raphina open the envelope conor drop in , and put the tape into she machine . through she window , conor jump on he bike earlier that afternoon , and cycle off . she press play . int . synge STREET school gym - night back at the hall the band be well into they gig . they be sweat , and end a song to applause . conor change out of he dress -- he 's wear a school uniform underneath . conor thank you . here 's one call '' I will find you '' it 's a slow song . the crowd boo . the rest of the band shake they head . the band have a unplan discussion on stage , off mic . ngig we be not do a bleedin slow song at a gig ! be you mad ? conor no ? garry they love we . we ’1ll totally blow it . and we have not rehearse it properly . conor but it 's a great song . and it 's really simple . and it ’1ll test we audience . Girls will love it . eamon ? they all look at eamon . eamon it 's a bold move . let 's do it . eamon take a seat by the piano . conor this be a slow song . anyone ever have a girlfriend for a day ? then that 's it ? lot of rowdy shouting from the crowd . this be turn into a proper gig . conor what be that about ? anyway . this be call '' I will find you '' . ( continued ) 106 . he begin a mid tempo song . it 's beautiful . soulful yet forceful . we hear the first verse . int . raphina 's room - earlier that day raphina be listen to the music . it be the same song he be play live at the gig . she be dress as we see she earlier , hair in a pony tail , no make up , sensible jeans and jumper . the song be a address to she to follow she dream . about be who you be suppose to be . that she must at least find out if she could have make it as a model . and make it to London . int . office - night Music play over penny be make love to a man ( 45 ) , on the couch in a office . she be smile and happy . int . conor 's house - live room - night Music play over . Robert be sit in front of the tv with a sandwich and a glass of whiskey . he be watch violence on tv from Northern Ireland . int . brendan 's room - night Music play over . brenden enter he room . restless . he be try on he jacket to go out . look in the mirror . the song from the gig still play over . he check he watch and look at he guitar and smile . pick it up , sit back and strum it . blow some dust off it . tune a string . then give up . cross the room , put the needle onto the vinal . pick up he hash paraphernalia and begin roll a joint on the back of the guitar , tapping he foot to the music . take off he jacket . he 's not go anywhere . ext . the park - night raphina sit on the bench listen to the same song cosmo be play live . she 's be listen over and over . she 's smile and cry at the same time . it be a call to she from someone who really care about she . ( continued ) 107 . lyric '' I get to find out who I be mean to be . I do not believe in destiny . but with every word you say to I ... something 's go to change ... we hold on she , eye full of tear . int . synge STREET school - gym - night back on stage , they have lose most of the crowd . many be outside the window , smoking . other in group chat . only a few girl have stay put , look up adoringly at the young band . now , at the back of the hall , the door open , and raphina step in out of the cold . but she 's old raphina again . the hair be do , the make up . and she 's dress in a cool skirt , doc boot , and jacket . she can not believe what she 's see . conor , be singling with he eye close . she smile , walk through the hall towards the stage . conor see she and smile , sing the last verse to she . she stand at the front of stage look up at he . lyric '' so bring the thunder bring the lighten , bring the fall . I know I will get my heart through . I have mile to go , but since the day I start crawl I be on my way to find you . '' they finish to applause . a skinhead try to get up on stage but Barry , who have be stand , arm fold like a bodyguard , punch he off the stage . conor okay . this be we last song . it 's about this school . it 's for brother baxter . people hoot and whistle . brother baxter , who stand at the back of the hall be not impressed . he signal to another brother to turn on the hall light . florescent light blink on , ruin the dark , cavernous atmosphere . the crowd collectively boo . one of the skinhead turn they off again . the crowd cheer . on and off again . thing be get chaotic . the crowd be get piss . ( continued ) 108 . the brother turn they on again . then the skin head turn they off , then take a fire extinguisher and smashes it down on the light switch , ensure they stay off . brother baxter be make he way towards stage . he stand at the side of the stage , gesture for cosmo to come over . conor head over , lean down . brother baxter lad , do not push it . conor what ? it 's a tribute song . brother baxter if you want to keep this band go next term you have better be careful . conor oh. okay . he go back onto stage . conor ( to eamon ) you ready ? this may be all of ours first and last gig man . you ready to do it ? eamon let 's go !! conor and you better come back to this after school . you be a bloody genius man ! eamon laugh . conor ( shouting , into mic ) this be call '' Brown shoe '' . it 's for every Christian brother , and for every bully you ever know . Larry start with a thumping bass lick . eamon and garry join in . conor approach the mic , sing angrily conor '' who the hell be you , to tell I what to do ... you wear a dress and tell I not to wear Brown shoe ..? '' the crowd get it . they start mosh . a angry guitar riff soar over the top line . ( continued ) 109 . conor sing a verse about be stab by a bully . then the chorus : conor ( sing ) '' well the boot on the other foot now , buckle up , we be take you down . you curtain 's fall so take a bow . '' he spot raphina as he sing , smile . conor '' , .. yeah you have have you time in the sun , so step aside it 's time for some fun . yeah the boot 's on the other foot , take a bow ! '' raphina join in the dance . a few people stage dive . the skinhead jump around the room let the fire extinguisher off , drench everyone . they love it . the light come on again , add to the chaos . cosmo laugh as he scream a mantra into the mic conor '' Brown shoe , Brown shoe , Brown shoe !!1!11 '' brother baxter turn and exit , unnotice . conor '' Brown shoe , Brown shoe ... brown shoe ! !o and the song crescendos into a loud stab . and end . the crowd roar . conor and raphina fix eye , laugh . conor we be sing Street . the dj take over as the crowd cheer . int . synge STREET school gym —- backstage -— continuous conor and the band get off stage , hugging . raphina run over to meet he . she kiss he . they shout above the music and crowd . raphina you look great !! conor so do you ! raphina you guy be brilliant !! ( continued ) 110 . conor really ? shit. because I have to break the band up !! raphina what ? why ?? conor I fail my exam . and eamon 's mum will not let he be in a band anymore . and my parent be sell the house . so we will be move ... so I will not be able to call in and leave tape for you and stalk you ! she shrug . conor we should go . she nod she head without need to think . raphina how ? conor on a boat . raphina on the ferry , like ? they will not let we travel . you be too young ! I mean , I would get away with it . but you be just a baby . he 's shaking he head , all this come to he like a bolt from the blue . conor no . we borrow a boat . from dalkey . it 's 35 mile . how far can that be ? it 's like 45 minute in good weather . raphina you mean steal a boat ? conor be you ready ? there 's nothing go on here right now . she think about it . they look at each other , wide - eye . ext . synge STREET school / raphina 's house - night conor and raphina run , hand in hand out of the school gate . ( continued ) 111 . raphina do you forgive I ? about Evan ? conor be he any good ? at sex ? raphina not great . conor cool . raphina you need to tell I you forgive I ? conor something tell I I 'il always be forgive you . they run on . she run towards the step of she house . raphina two minute . I need to pack a few thing . conor go ! she laugh . ext . conor 's house - night they run around the corner and up to conor 's house , hand in hand . raphina be carry a bag . int . brendan 's room - moment later Brendan be write something in he write pad , and smoking one . conor knock and enter , follow by raphina . brendan hey . what 's go on ? conor shhh . where be the parent ? brendan in bed . why ? raphina hi. brendan hey . you be raphina ? ( continued ) 112 . she bow . conor we need you help . can you drive we to dalkey ? brendan what for ? conor grandad 's little pleasure boat be still moor there . we be go to sail to England . the two of we . we be all set . but we need a lift to the harbour . Brendan look at they . they be totally serious . he think about it . brendan sure . when be you talk about ? conor now . brendan what !!? do you have any friend there ? conor no. brendan do you have any sterling ? conor no . not a penny . she have she photograph . and I have my demo tape and video . he look at they , smile . he put on he jacket . brendan let 's go . raphina and conor smile . int . conor 's room - moment later in a frenzy , conor throw thing in a shoulder bag . int . ROBERT and penny 's room - continuous conor sneak in to he parent 's room . he tip toe over to the bedside locker . the car key be under the lamp . ( continued ) 113. he fish they up silently , and as he do so , look at he parent , asleep . Robert be sleep on the floor beside the bed . penny be on the bed , in a shaft of moonlight . conor pause , look at they , almost smile . then he eye fill up with tear . they look very vulnerable . he lean in to he mum ... conor I love you . mum . she reposition herself in the bed . but she do not hear he . we hold on he , smile . ext . conor 's house - night conor and Brendan pull the tarpaulin off the old car in the driveway . the old car reverse out of the driveway . conor and raphina jump in . int . the car - night palpable excitement in the car as Brendan drive it south , out to the sea ... ext . coliemore harbour - dawn the car pull up to a small jetty . a few old boat bob up and down in the moonlight . they all get out , carry they bag down towards one small pleasure cruiser . dalkey Island just across the water . raphina Jesus , you be right , it 's really close . she smile . conor it 's a little bit further than that . they approach the hero boat . it 's a open boat , with a steering wheel , and a little tarpaulin shelter area at the back . it 's pretty basic . raphina be that it ? it 's tiny ! they look out to sea . conor Nice and calm . ( continued ) 114 . brendan you do know it can get pretty choppy once you get out past the island ? conor we will be grand . he head . they follow he to the edge of the jetty . he jump on board the boat , get it ready . Brendan and raphina stand watch he . he appear to know what he 's do . kind of . he find a can of petrol in the boat next to it , and steal it , look in he own engine . conor I do not believe it . there 's still petrol in it . we will take this one as a spare . ready ? he pull the cord . the engine cough . but do not take . raphina jump in , help he , as Brendan do lookout . finally , the engine come to life , spluttering and cough out smoke . conor jump back off , hand raphina she bag , photograph , and he stuff . she secure they under the little tarpaulin . conor unty the boat from its moor , throw the rope on board . then he turn to he brother . brendan call home as soon as you get there , okay ? no mess around . conor I will . we will get into the welsh coast . then hitch down to London . be there this evening . brendan okay . conor you ’1ll get some flak from the parent for drive I out . brendan I all be fine . I be bulletproof . he smile . he be far from bulletproof . ( continued ) brendan oh , here . I write some word down . for a song . 115 . Brendan reach in he pocket and produce a foolscap of paper with load of lyric write on it . brendan they be just a stream of consciousness thing . it 's about this kid and a girl . in the future . if you get there , put some music to they some day . I be serious . could be a good song . conor okay . I will . conor take it and fold it up carefully , and put it in he inside coat pocket . conor jump back onto the boat . raphina Brendan fade up this be raphina come and visit we . you seem like a mad bastard . brendan oh yeah . you look after that brother of mine . he 's go to be lose without I . raphina hah ! I will . brendan and I hope you can swim . shake Brendan 's hand and hug he from the boat . be get a little emotional as a song start to on the track . he hug he brother one more time . but no time for tear . conor steer the little boat out of the harbour . they wave back to Brendan , who stand on the jetty wave . ext . the boat - dawn the boat set out onto the sea . immediately meet by a strong wind . the song swell ... ext . the boat - dawn the shelter of the harbour be the sun be come up , but a heavy mist be refuse to lift . the wave be grow in force as the little boat set off . ( continued ) 116 . raphina look nervous . it start raining . int . the car - dawn Brendan watch they from behind the wheel of he car . they look very vulnerable in the distance , bob up and down . he start scream . for no reason . shout and scream and cheer , look at the little boat make its escape . in a way , he 's on that boat . the boat disappear around the side of the island . Brendan smile , shouting . ext . the boat - morning now it 's raining hard . the boat be buffete by wave . conor ( shouting ) you 'il want to sit down around now raphina ( shouting ) what ? in answer to she question , the boat be hit by a good wave , knock raphina over . she huddle up under the tarpaulin , soak . conor steer the boat with focus and determination . she watch he , scared , as the song soar . ahead , nothing but mist and rain . no sign of a coastline . then , a bellow horn be hear , off . conor look out . out of the mist a huge car ferry be appear , travel in the same direction , but cut across they boat 's course . raphina Jesus Christ !!!!! conor slam the boat into reverse . the engine grind in protest . the ferry pass they by . up on deck , countless irish immigrant stand , smoking , drink can of guinness , watch the sun come up etc . some of they see the little boat below , point and laugh . ext . the car ferry - continuous p.o.v . shot from deck of ferry . 117 . ext . the boat - continuous conor wave up at the people on deck . then speed onwards . raphina smile , look at he back . she try to light up a cigarette . then give up . she start laugh . the song really take off now . it 's conor 's voice sing . the lyric be about he and raphina . about they future . a model and a singer . about stay together . written from a older brother 's perspective . what we be hearing be clearly a marriage of Brendan 's lyric and conor 's music . from the future . and it 's the only clue to whether conor and raphina ever make it . because right now , all we can see be mist , rain , and grim determination on cosmo 's drench face .... snap to black . for you consideration best original screenplay John carney y ' the weinstein company www.twcawards.com