sister act written by Paul rudnick July 19 , 1991 page 1. sister act fade in : int . ST . anne's academy - akron , ohio - classroom we be in a parochial school classroom , in the late sixty . the child all wear uniform and sit at little desk . sister immaculata stand at the front of the room ; she be a middle - age nun , very severe . the child be all terrify of she . sister immaculata who can name all the apostle ? yes ? angle on christine carter a thirteen - year- old girl sit at a desk . she raise she hand . sister immaculata christine ? christine sister , may I be excuse ? sister immaculata christine ... christine it 's a emergency . Real bad . sister immaculata nod , pursing she lip . christine stand and head for the door . CUT to : int . girl room christine be now in the desert St. Anne 's girl room . she be stand on tiptoe , look in the mirror . she have take she hair out of its neat barrettes ; she be comb it out . she apply lipstick . christine reach into she schoolbag ; she pull out a stack of glittery bracelet and slip they on . she unbutton the top few button of she stiff white blouse . she spray herself with dime store cologne . CUT to : ext . hallway christine open the girl ' room door ; she look both way . no one be around ; she saunter down the hall . page 2 . angle on a door marked broom closet christine open this door . she look into the closet . there be a very nervous thirteen - year- old boy wait for she inside . christine hi , Jimmy . christine slip inside the closet and close the door behind she . angle on sister immaculata stride down the hall , with a bloodthirsty look in she eye , and a nasty - look wooden ruler in she hand . she fling open the broom closet door , angle on christine and jimmy in the broom closet . Jimmy 's face be cover with lipstick . christine 's hair be awry . the couple have clearly be make out . sister immaculata ( outrage ) miss christine Carter ! again ! do not you know what happen to girl like you ? do not you know what they become ? int . christy's apartment - angle on a large , tatter poster - night ( today ) tape over a crack on a wall . the poster show a glitter christy van cartier : sing star of a fifth - rate Vegas lounge . christy wear tight spangle and a major wig on the poster . she have clearly live up , or down , to all of sister immaculata 's expectation . the camera pan through the dark bedroom in which the poster hang ; a neon sign flash outside the window , casting a red and blue haze over the premise . a dress room table be cluttere with dozen of bottle of nail polish and makeup , and garish clothing and flashy jewelry be scattered everywhere . we hear the movement of bed spring as someone sit up in the dark . christy's voice come on , Vince -- hold I a minute . vince's voice I would love to . babe -- but I have get to go . it be great . like usual . christy's voice it be twenty minute . like usual . page 3. vince's voice the best . vince larocca stand at the mirror , adjust he clothing and check he hair . Vince be a powerful , charismatic man who rule a organize crime empire with personal magnetism and threat . Vince 's hold over christy be obvious , if unfortunate ; he can seem expansive and generous one minute , ruthless and dangerous the next . vince ( half to christy , half to the mirror ) you be something else . christy turn on a lamp and light a cigarette . christy come on -- stay . just a little . we can talk , I will get a pizza . pizza in bed , we will have fun . and you still have not tell I what happen . what do she say ? vince what do who say ? christy who ? the other woman . you wife . Vince turn to face christy , turn on the charm . vince you be so damn sexy . christy Vince ... vince how do I get so lucky ? what be it now , five year we have be together ? who do I thank ? christy ( not buy it ) today be the deadline , Vince . Vince sit on the bed . he take christy 's hand , and kiss it . vince I want we to be together . like people . honest , decent people . in the eye of god. Babe , today ... I go to confession . christy you do what ? page 4 . vince for the first time in I do not know how long . I want everything do right . open and above board . I tell Father antonelli I be in love . I tell he it be a special love , for all the age . christy ( start to fall for it ) you say that ? and what do he say ? do he say you could leave she ? do he say we would be happy ? vince ( look deep into she eye ) he say that if I get a divorce I would burn in Hell . for all eternity . Vince kiss christy 's hand again and drop turn away and start put on he shoe . christy what ? ( outrage ) vince you want I to go against a priest ? get excommunicate ? you think I be nut ? christy you bastard ! vince ( try to calm she ) we can still see each other . just like always . it 's a different kind of sin . smaller . christy you pig ! Vince back off , and start search for he jacket . vince Babe , it 's not I ! I love you ! it 's God ! christy you lie sleazeball ! the best year of my life ! what be I , garbage ? be I lint ? Vince duck as christy throw a ashtray at he , and it smashes against the wall . vince you be upset . I understand . I should go . I hate to . page 5 . a clock -radio hit the wall beside Vince 's head . christy get out of here ! and never come back ! a lamp hit the wall , as Vince dodge it . he make a phone gesture with he hand . vince I will call . Vince kiss two finger , and blow the kiss to christy . he leave . christy be leave stand on the bed , hold a particularly garish stuff animal she be about to hurl . with Vince go she slump to the bed , cradling the stuff animal . she be catch between tear and rage . CUT to : ext . las vega - night angle on various neon Vegas landmark -- the Golden nugget , caesar 's Palace , bally 's , etc . scrunch in between two larger hotel and casinos be the moonlight HOTEL and casino . the moonlight be not all that small , it 's just see better day . int . lounge - night a spotlight hit a solitary figure on a small stage . the man be cape and dramatic , but not especially talented ; a elvis impersonator who 's just a shade off in voice , look and style . elvis good evening , lady and gentleman . be you lonesome tonight ? welcome to the moonlight Hotel and casino 's incredible platinum oldy spectacular . backstage , there 's still a look of resolve in christy 's eye as she wait to go on with michelle and tina , she back - up singer . michelle but you can not quit . what will happen to we ? ( to Tina ) tell she she can not quit . tina I tell she . she stick pantyhose in my mouth . onstage , elvis glance into the wing to be sure the ronelle be ready . page 6 . elvis please welcome we own girl group extraordinaire , we beehive of beauty -- the fabulous ronelle ! elvis disappear . the spotlight hit christy , who wear a high beehive wig and a sequin , early supreme - style gown . Michelle and Tina wear match gowns and wig . the band begin a doo - wop vamp . christy oh , girl . ronelles yes , Betty ? christy this prom be a real drag . ronelles oh-huh . christy oh my ! ( gasp ) ronelles what be it , Betty ? christy look at that . get a gander . ronelles oh my ! ( sighing ) christy he 's so dreamy . he 's like ... a Greek god . he 's the cutest guy here . he 's boss . he 's fab . he 's ... ronelles yes , Betty ? christy ( sing ) he's so fine . ronelles d00 - lang , doo - lang , d00 -lang . christy wish he be mine . that handsome boy over there , the one with the wavy hair . as they sing , they move and gesture be carefully choreograph in vintage girl group style . page 7. a lot of talent and hard work have clearly go into the number . while christy do she best , she sing voice be not on a par with that of the other ronelle . the lounge itself be practically empty , except for a few drunken shriner and a couple of college kid . police lieutenant eddie mulcahy sit at a ringside table with he eye lock on christy . a easygoing charmer , Eddie give she a wink , but she respond with a up - yours look and a turn to the other half of the room as the song continue . int . dressing room - later a small , cramped room with crack plaster wall and a sputtering fan for ventilation . christy have she own dress table and mirror , and the ronelle share a table a few foot away . clothing and costume hang on nail or be drape over chair as the girl change into street wear . christy screw this dump . it 's a roach motel with sequin . every guy I meet be either marry , a cop , or a lush from Des Moines . michelle but what about we ? tina you teach we the act . the song , all the move . christy and where do it get I ? I be stick in this rathole ! you be hold I back , just like Vince ! I should be headline ! a pock - face weasel of a man name joey open the door and lean into the room . christy what do you want ? this be a private area ! get lose ! joey you be not get nothin ' I be not see . christy then stop try to memorize it . hit the road . joey take a step into the room and set a box on the chair near christy . joey from Vince . page 8. christy his ash ? joey with love . joey leave . Michelle and Tina hover around the box , very excited . they pick it up , try to tempt christy . michelle from Vince ! with love ! tina Michelle and Tina can not restrain themselves : they open the box . Inside be a rather gaudy fur coat . Michelle and Tina be impressed . michelle it 's a fur ! tina it 's new ! christy it 's a bribe . five year of my goddamn life ! michelle so you earn it ! tina Vince own the casino ! Cash in christy I should throw this in he facet there 's a knock on the door , and Tina open it . Lieutenant Eddie mulcahy enter . christy be not pleased . christy oh , Jesus . what be go on here ? ( to heaven ) why I ? whose dog do I kill ? michelle hi , Lieutenant . tina hello , Eddie . Eddie pick up the coat . eddie from Vince ? what a guy . doo-lang , doo - lang . christy at least he 's not a cop . at least he can afford a decent gift . eddie I use to buy.you , ..stuff . on you birthday . when we be see each other . christy yeah , like what ? quilted coat hanger , that you mother pick out ? lottery ticket ? a travel iron ? eddie so I do not shop . christy ' Cause you be always out , arrest people . make trouble . I do not know why I go out with you in the first place , it be embarrassing ! I could not hold my head up , I use to tell people you be a security guard ! eddie oh , yeah ? well , how do you think I feel ? you be sing in bowl alley back then . I tell people you be a hooker ! michelle calm down , you two . it 's always like this . eddie yeah , well , now , she go out with a' better class of people . Vince laflocca . christy he 's a businessman . eddie a what ? when be you qonna wake up ? christy when be you gonna get off my case ? have you get a search warrant ? what do you want -- cheap thrill ? eddie information , baby . I think maybe somebody around here might have a conscience . christy think again ! and get out of here . page 10 . eddie I be go . my regards to Vince , and the Mrs. christy hurl a jar of cold cream at Eddie 's head . he duck , and the jar hit the door . eddie lady . Eddie leave . christy be stand , absolutely furious . christy that 's it ! I be not take it from he , and I be not take it from Vince ! from now on , it 's all about I ! and if I can not spend it , drink it , or sleep with it -- it 's go . like sister immaculata use to say , " life be short , and then you fry . " so long , girl -- see you in church ! christy grab the mink and head out the door . int . vince's office - night ernie schmidt sit across the enormous mahogany desk from Vince . the young man 's throat be dry ; he 's sweat bullet . the presence of joey the weasel and willy , a brutal thug , increase Ernie 's tension . vince Ernie Schmidt . how long you be with we , Ernie Schmidt ? ernie Three year , Mr. larocca . one behind the bar , two as croupier . Vince gesture to the lush office and its furnishings . vince Ernie , you know what 's important to I ? what count ? it 's not all this . this be ' -- what ? frost . loyalty . that 's I , Ernie . that 's home . Vince gesture to joey , who take out a revolver and point it at Ernie 's head . vince you be not be loyal , Ernie . what do you tell the cop ? Ernie 's eye open wide with denial as the gun come closer to he temple . page 11 . int . HOTEL lobby holding the coat , christy wait by the elevator . it arrive ; she get in . int . vince's office the interrogation continue . ernie I do not tell the cop anything . I swear . vince joey ? joey slam Ernie on the side of the head with the gun . int . corridor christy step out of the elevator and face a maze of office cubicle with half - wall partition . the floor be desert and dark as she make she way through the cubicle . int . vince's office Vince be stand over Ernie , hold he head up by the hair . vince who else , Ernie ? who else be in on it ? ernie ( moan ) no one ... vince ( drop Ernie 's head in disgust ) why be I waste my time ? int . executive corridor Beyond the cubicle , christy stride down a lush corridor to a executive suite . she try the knob , but find the door lock . pull a key from she purse , she unlock the door to the suite and enter a large outer office with a reception area and door to several inner office . she toss the key onto the receptionist 's desk . christy wo not need that anymore . ta-ta . cross to Vince 's office , christy square she shoulder and narrow she eye with anger as she reach for the doorknob . she pause for a second , and then double she resolve . page 12 . int . vince's office vince do it. ( to joey ) angle on the door to the office , which open . christy appear , with the mink coat in she arm . christy stuff this up you ... a gunshot be hear , 0.s. christy 's eye widen , and she jaw drop , at what she have just witness . angle on the office . Ernie be slump in the chair , dead . joey stand over he , hold the revolver . joey , willy and Vince stare at christy . vince babe. ( icy calm ) christy try to speak ; she can not . vince christy . be there a problem ? with the coat ? christy glance around the room ; she do not move . she quickly size up the situation . she try to appear matter - of - fact . unaffected by what she 's just see . christy no ... it 's fine . vince yes ? christy thanks . a lot . vince be that why you come up here , christy ? to thank I ? christy sure . vince and to say you be sorry . about this afternoon . and the thing you say . forgotten . completely . do you understand ? forgotten . christy ( catch the subtext ) right . yeah . forgotten . page 13 . Vince cross the room , to christy . he take she hand in he , and kiss they . vince that 's my girl . my girl in mink . will you be home ? soon ? christy kiss Vince , quickly . christy right . I will be ... at the apartment . call I . thanks . again . christy reach for the doorknob , without look at the door . she fumble a bit . she find the door . christy mink . wow . christy walk backwards , out the door . she turn ; she be go . joey Vince -- be she ... okay ? vince maybe. ( consider this ) willy I mean , will not she talk ? she seem kind of upset . vince she do . ( make a decision ) bring she back . now . for a talk . joey and if she run ? vince ( icy ) take care of it . with gun draw , willy and joey run after christy . int . reception area christy , clearly terrify , be walk quickly away from Vince 's office . she pass through a glass door which lead to the cubicle area . long shot of the cubicle area , which resemble a darken maze . christy hear joey approach ; she run into the cubicle area . joey christy ? he only want to talk to you ! page 14 . angle on christy , crouch behind a half - wall . she be clutching the coat . willy christy ? there be a stuff toy , a " garfield the cat , " attach to the wall near christy , with suction cup . christy try to pull the cat 's foot off the wall , very quietly . joey christy ? christy finally just yank the cat off the wall . she hurl it as high and as far as she can , to the opposite end of the room . angle on the fly stuff cat . joey see the blur of the cat ; he shoot it , and the cat explode . joey come on , christy ! there 's no place to go ! christy steady herself against a xerox machine . she accidentally activate the machine , which light up and start humming . angle on willy , as he hear the xerox machine . he quickly move toward the SOUND . willy reach the xerox machine ; the area be desert . he start move quickly down the aisle a chair , the kind on caster , come roll out of one of the cubicle doorway ; the chair hit willy and he fall . christy run out of the cubicle ; willy be on the floor , struggle to get up . as christy sprint away , willy shoot at she . he miss , but a glass partition shatter . christy run for a open elevator , but it have be summon from another floor and the door be beginning to close . she run even faster . a bullet whistle past she ear and hit the back wall of the elevator . she reach for the door a moment too late , and the elevator be go . christy scramble to the door beside the elevator and run into a stairwell as two more bullet bite piece out of the door . int . stairwell take the stair three at a time , christy be fly , still clutching the mink . the thug be gain on she . a bullet hit metal and ricochet off several wall and step . page 15 . at the next landing , christy open the door and duck into a corridor . int . corridor exhausted but power by adrenaline , christy sprint past door to the end of the hall , still with the mink . joey appear from the stairwell just as christy duck into a supply room . int . supply room christy shove a clean cart aside and wade through a pile of dirty linen . joey open the door just as christy dive head first into the laundry chute . int . laundry chute christy , lie atop the mink , fly through the chute like a subway train through a tunnel . int . basement the chute spit christy out like a bullet into a huge bin of dirty linen . two worker glance around as they load large wash machine with laundry . christy climb out of the bin and dash for a door . work in a hotel , the worker have see everything . int . laundry chute joey fly through the chute . int . basement joey suddenly fly into the bin . he climb out with he gun in sight . joey which way ? the worker point to the door , and joey rush across the room . one of the worker be now wear the mink coat . ext . STREET - night joey come out of the hotel and find a empty street . he look in every direction , but the nearby street have swallow christy into safety for the moment . ext . police station - night the central office of the Las Vegas Police Department . int . mulcahy' office Eddie 's office be a glass - in area set in the middle of the station 's main floor . page 16 . christy be huddle in a chair , surround by Eddie and two other detective , clarkson and tate . christy right between the eye ! down and out ! the guy be go ! I ... I could not believe it ! eddie you could not believe it ? Vince the Prince ? christy I never say he be a altar boy , okay ? but he send he goons after I ! they try to kill I ! I be not kid ! clarkson tough break . whoa . eddie what do you expect ? Vince be as dirty as they come . we have be find body around here for year . christy I do not know anything about body ! I mean , he do not bring it home . he be good to I ... sometimes . he be sweet . he take care of I . who be I suppose to go out with ? he own a casino . he let I sing . eddie he do not do you a favor . christy screw you ! tate come on , she will sing great . when she sing for we . christy sing -- like testify ? be you nut ? I just want you to protect I ! you be cop ! tate busy cop . we do not have time to be bodyguard for anyone who come in here with some cockamamie story . mink coat and laundry chute . clarkson unless , of course , you be willing to testify . page 17 . christy what be this , some squeeze play ? can not you just protect I without any string ? the three detective move in closer now and really apply the pressure . eddie we could put you into we witness protection program . tate a hide place . clarkson a new identity . eddie but you would have to agree to testify . the whole nine yard . christy and if I do not ? eddie then - you run . tate you wait . clarkson you listen for the footstep . eddie then one day they find you . tate they open a window . clarkson it 's ten flight up . tate ten flight down . christy ten flight ? eddie you would lose . you would die . all over the sidewalk . and into the street . christy all right ! I get the picture ! I will do it ! I will testify ! eddie ( to tate ) get a stenographer . page 18 . tate leave . christy look to Eddie for a bargain now . christy okay , here 's what I want . I know about this stuff . a five-star hotel . with room service . eddie maybe Hawaii . clarkson diamond head . christy yeah . and I will need a new look . like a disguise . eddie maybe armani . clarkson no -- calvin klein . christy for sportswear . and a limo . and my hair -- up ? clarkson it could work . eddie Jesus , what do you think this be -- wheel of fortune ? let I spell it out for you . you have to hide like you do not even exist . you have to get so far hide away that you never see sunlight . christy ( confuse ) okay -- no limo . eddie no nothing . christy what be you gonna do , put I in a bag and bury I ? eddie I be gonna put you in the last place on Earth that Vince would ever look for you . Eddie smile . christy do not like the sound of this at all a page 19 . int . stained CLASS window - day Jesus deliver the sermon on the mount in vibrant red , blue and green stain glass . a organ play a hymn -- badly . Notes be miss , skip over and mutilate . pan down to a procession of nun who march into a chapel at the ancient St. Katherine 's convent . the organ be not get any better , and we see it be be play by sister alma , a seventy - year - old nun with arthritis and a hearing aid . apparently the hearing aid be malfunction , because sister alma do not seem to realize how badly she 's play . as the last nun in the procession enter the chapel , she close the door behind she . across the lobby , the front door open and Eddie enter with a very reluctant christy . christy ( to Eddie ) I hate you . I totally hate you . eddie safest place in the world . you think Vince would look for you here ? as christy look around the lobby , various religious artifact loom at she ; we see they from she terrify p0v . angle on a crucifix , casting a ominous shadow , a stack of hymnal , and a large , frame Sunday School - style portrait of St. Katherine . christy shudder . christy nun , Eddie . there be nun here . everywhere . it 's crawl with them . eddie it 's a convent . all you have to do be shut up , behave yourself , and get along . christy with nun ? with ruler ? no way . I be gonna go back , work thing out with Vince . christy turn to head back to the entrance , but Eddie catch she arm . eddie Vince have put out a contract on you . a hundred grand . you have see he in action . christy search he eye for a lie , but realize he 's tell the truth . christy but ... but Vince love I . how could he ... I mean , five year ... page 20 . eddie and one bullet . that 's all it 's gonna take . christy ( suddenly scared ) but Vince have contact all over the place ! this be San Francisco ! they will be look for I ! eddie everywhere but this little hole - in- the - wall convent . nobody know you be here but I . we be try to get a quick court date . a month , maybe two , top . I will spring you as soon as I can . christy ( panic ) I can not stay here ! I will crack up ! Eddie , what be I gonna do ? eddie pray. ( smile ) from inside the chapel , the choir begin to sing a hymn -- horribly . the voice do not blend , and individual note be real migraine material . christy look aghast . Eddie urge she into a corridor , and she follow . int . mother superior office the office be bare and austere . mother superior sit at she desk with she hand fold . like all the nun at the convent , she wear the traditional full - length habit and wimple . mother Superior be in total command of all she survey , and she seldom raise she voice or she blood pressure as she rule . Control be she passion ; within the wall of the convent , she have create a world she can trust because it 's a world she control . but mother Superior be not in control at this particular moment . bishop GEORGE o'hara stand before she with a majestic presence and some bad news . mother superior absolutely not . I be very sorry , but no . o'hara we can save this young woman 's life , and imprison a parasite -- all in one gesture . page 21 . mother superior but she 's be expose to the underside of life . she be the underside of life . o'hara and therefore a ideal prospect for rehabilitation . mother superior we be a small convent , Bishop . surely there be ... more appropriate shelter . o'hara you small convent be in danger of close , reverend mother . the Las Vegas Police Department have offer to make a generous financial donation . mother superior but , Bishop ... o'hara St. Katherine 's be a benedictine order . you have take a vow of hospitality . to all in need . mother superior I lie . o'hara I know . ( smile ) mother Superior 's jaw lock . she realize she be stick with the situation and will have to control it as best she can . there be a knock at the door , and Eddie and christy enter . o'hara welcome , Lieutenant . everything be in order . eddie aces. Bishop -- maybe a cup of coffee , down at the corner ? the think of be leave alone with mother Superior panic christy , like a child leave in the principal 's office . christy hey , you be not leave I alone ... o'hara ( reassuringly ) you be never alone in this house , my child . Eddie touch she gently on the arm . page 22. eddie one month , two top . behave yourself . mother superior Bishop ... ( a last -ditch attempt ) o'hara ( open the door to leave ) Lieutenant ? CUT to : ext . the convent - a few second later Eddie and Bishop 0 ' hara be leave , by the convent 's front door . as they exit , they hear the choir , sing horribly . they both wince at the sound , and then chuckle . int . mother superior office christy be pace , outrage at she new situation . christy a convent ? they put I in a convent ? what 's the problem ? be not there any more room in Hell ? mother superior ( very calm ) what be you full name ? you Christian name ? christy mother theresa . Gandhi . do not you understand ? this be all a mistake . I be the good guy . I be the witness . and I be be punish ! mother superior you name ? christy christy . christy Van cartier . mother superior enough joke . christy that 's my real name ! currently I be a singer . sort of . mother superior very well . christy oh my God . this be not happen , tell I this be not happen . it 's a nightmare , I be back at St. Anne 's ! page 23. mother superior St. Anne 's ? christy parochial school . akron . St. android 's . mother superior you be unhappy ? christy I be expell ! when I be fifteen ? mother superior the reason ? christy beat I ! what do you think ? smoke ! heavy petting , without a chaperone . heavy petting , with the chaperone . and wear a black bra , under my uniform . the demon bra . mother superior I see . christy you see ? you see ? I have to get out of here I have to make a phone call . do not you get it ? I be in a convent ! you be a nun ! mother superior ( very stern ) sit down . christy what ? mother Superior rise . she be a extremely impose woman . mother superior sit. christy sit in a wooden chair across from mother Superior . mother superior miss Van cartier . christy what ? ( belligerent ) mother superior you cigarette -- out . christy inspect she cigarette . page 24 . mother superior ( ruefully ) it have come to pass . christy what ? mother superior I join this convent some thirty year ago . at that time , the world know some measure of peace . and hope . we order be a beacon of hospitality , to family , to child , to a neighborhood fill with promise . and , as the year have pass , I have watch that promise destroy . drugs. Gangs. ( stare at christy 's outfit ) spandex . and. so I have make this convent a oasis , a retreat from horror . and now that horror have invade this sacred wall . christy be you talk about I ? mother superior and all that like you . christy you mean black people ? mother superior absolutely not . I mean the wick . the heedless . and they Las Vegas concubine . christy ( very suspicious ) what 's a concubine ? mother superior check you driver 's license . christy stand , face off with mother Superior . christy Fine . get it . look , the way I see it , I be stick here , right ? I mean , I be here or I be target practice . so here 's the deal -- I do not bug you , you do not bug I . I will catch up on some sleep , watch some tube , lay back and lay low . so just get I a key and show I to my room , and do not disturb . capisce ? mother superior ( suspiciously gracious ) of course . but it 's almost lunch . page 25 . christy cool . be there a menu ? or buffet ? mother superior before we do , you might like to freshen up . and you will certainly want to change christy ( sniff she clothes , the same outfit she 's have on since the night at Vince 's office ) deal . int . convent changing room a small room , with a sewing machine , some bolt of fabric , and several wooden cabinet . there be a wooden screen in a corner , mark a change area . christy be behind the screen ; we hear she , but do not see she , mother Superior stand beside the screen , catch the various item of clothing which christy toss to she . christy ( o.s. ) how about a robe ? one of that big terry cloth job , with like embroidery on the pocket . " Guest of St. Katherine 's " mother superior would you like that ? mother Superior take christy 's skirt and blouse , and toss they down a chute mark " incinerator . " christy ( o.s. ) you should hand - wash that blouse , and send somebody out for some thing . I look good in red , purple , hot pink -- and shoe . five -inch heel . fuck -me pump . oh , man -- sorry . ' scuse my mouth . mother Superior carry christy 's lacy bra at the end of a ruler ; it go down the incinerator . mother superior excuse . open the cabinet to you leave . you will find appropriate attire . christy ( o.s. ) can do . int . chapel a group of nun be praying , they head bow . they hear a muffle scream , from elsewhere in the convent . they look up , puzzle . page 26 . int . convent changing room christy be stand before a full - length mirror , stare at herself , in complete shock . she now wear a habit and wimple . mother Superior be do final adjustment on the wimple . christy ( almost unable to speak ) no ! no ! I can not do this ! mother superior normally dress , you be a sore thumb , and you endanger we all . while you be here , you will conduct yourself as a nun . only I shall know who , and what , you truly be . you will not disrupt the convent . you will not influence the sister with you colorful street talk . you will draw no attention to yourself in any way . christy ( furious , in disbelief ) but look at rite look at this ! I be a nun ! I be invisible ! I be a penguin ! mother superior as of now , and until you leave , you be sister Mary clarence . christy ( outrage ) Mary clarence ? like a guy ? like a dumb guy ? int . convent hallway - a minute later mother Superior be stride down the hall . christy be beside she , try to get the hang of she new outfit . mother superior the Mary be in deference to the Holy mother , the clarence in honor of Saint clarence loyola . there be three vow that every nun must accept . the vow of poverty ... christy ( pull out she pocket ) no problem . mother superior the vow of obedience . christy like to who ? page 27 . mother superior and the vow of chastity . christy I be outta here . christy start to leave ; mother Superior grab she by the wimple int . convent dine hall a large , whitewash gothic room , with oak beam and a crude iron chandelier . there be a long , central wooden table , with rough wooden bench . the convent 's population be stand around the table in silence . there be about thirty nun in all . mother Superior move to the head of the table , with christy follow she . she motion for christy to stand at she right . mother superior good afternoon , sister . I apologize for my tardiness . I would like you to welcome a new member of we order , sister Mary clarence . angle on sister mary ROBERT , the nun stand beside christy . sister Mary Robert be naive and mouse - like , but very sweet . she have only be at the convent a few year ; she wear the simpler habit of a novice . she sneak a look at christy . her eye widen , and then she resume stare at she hand . mother superior Mary clarence come to we from a somewhat more progressive convent . she be eager for a more discipline life , and will make every effort to conform to we way . everyone sit , include christy . sister mary patrick , a nun seat at the middle of the table , wave she hand . Mary Patrick be extremely cheerful , a truly upbeat person . mother superior yes , Mary Patrick ? mary patrick reverend mother , on behalf of the sister , I would like to welcome Mary clarence to St. Katherine 's . angle on christy , look thoroughly disgust . page 28. mary patrick as part of we welcome , I have have a little think , just for fun . could we have we new friend offer today 's bless ? angle on the nun , watch christy . mother superior ( reluctantly ) very well . Mary clarence , rise please . christy stand up slowly , aghast . christy a bless ? like , for lunch ? angle on Mary Patrick , beam . she and the other nun bow they head . christy ( try to recall a bless ) for what we be about to receive ... so far , so good . mother Superior have one eye open . christy may the Lord ... prepare we and ... watch we and ... walk through the valley and be we shepherd and ... to the republic for which it stand ... God bless we every one , hallow be thy name . hallelujah . Ave Maria . boyardee . amen . angle on the nun , stare at christy . mother Superior rise , very quickly . mother superior sister , for the rest of the day we shall declare a vow of silence . christy a what ? mother superior surely you be familiar with this practice , Mary clarence . only when we lip be silent , can we prayer truly be hear . christy silence ? no talk ? all day ? mother superior until sundown . page 29 . christy ( mouth the word . without speak aloud ) oh my God . christy reach for a piece of bread . mother superior and Mary clarence ? christy look up . mother superior as a new member of we order , I think you might also enjoy a ritual fast . christy ( mouth the word ) a what ? mother superior a fast . to remind we of the poor , of that who must endure without enough to eat . christy ( mouth ) no food ? mother superior ( take away christy 's plate ) no food . not until sundown . angle on christy , clutching she fork , hungrily watch the other nun eat . ext . police station - day Vince leave the police station with he henchmen , joey and willy , and larry narren , a attorney . Vince be steaming as they walk through the parking lot . vince they grill I for six hour in there . and my hotshot lawyer -- where the hell be you ? larry it take time , Vince . slow and steady . we have be through this before . Vince reach he car . as joey open the door for he , another car drive by , and stop . Eddie be drive ; he lean out the window . eddie so long , Vince . see you soon . page 30 . Vince lurch toward Eddie ; Larry restrain he . Eddie drive off , chuckle . vince he 's so damn cocky . this be different . joey it 's a bluff , Vince . vince you know so much . they have get christy , and we have get to find she . get she 8x10 , from in front of the lounge . fax it to every contact we get . Larry cover he ear with both hand . larry I can not hear this . I be a attorney , Vince , and you be just a honest casino owner . object of a witch hunt . innocent victim . vince keep the message vague , but let them know . the price have go up . christy Van cartier -- a quarter of a million . Dead or nearby . Vince look grim and vindictive , as he get into the car . ext . convent vegetable garden - day the vegetable patch be locate behind the convent , on a patch of land surround by high wall . various section have be partition with string and then furrow . several nun be work in the patch , weed and rake . they wear large , ungainly straw hat over they wimple . christy have be give a hoe and a straw hat . she be hack at the dirt , with great disinterest . she pick up a carrot from the vegetable patch ; she look around to see if anyone be watch . she start to gnaw on the carrot . she become aware that someone be watch she . she look up . sister Mary Robert be watch christy eat the carrot , break she fast . christy drop the carrot on the ground , as if it burn she . Mary Robert resume hoe in the next furrow over . christy stare at Mary Robert , narrowing she eye . christy look around ; all the other nun be busy at they task . christy decide that she will try and make sister Mary Robert talk . she pick up the carrot and toss it at Mary Robert . Mary Robert jump . she waggle a finger at christy , scolding she . Mary Robert resume hoe . page 31 . christy be now determine . she take she hoe , and tiptoe nearer to Mary Robert . very gently , she use the handle of the floe to lift Mary Robert 's skirt , and goose she . Mary Robert vip , very loudly . all the other nun turn and stare at Mary Robert , scolding she . christy waggle she finger at Mary Robert , scolding she . christy , giggle to herself , resume hoe . she see mother Superior , stand at the end of the furrow . mother Superior look extremely grim ; she have not miss anything . ext . sunset - that night long shot of the sun go down , end the nun ' vow of silence . we hear christy scream , o.s. int . convent hallway - that night this hallway be mark by a series of heavy wooden door with tiny , grill window . this be the cell where the nun sleep . nun be enter they cell and close they door for the night . mother Superior glide down the hall , follow by a dusty , bedraggle christy . christy be devour a slice of brown bread . christy be this all the food I get ? mother superior yes . until breakfast . christy that 's tomorrow ! do not you have any snack ? machine ? they stop by a door . mother superior this shall be you cell , Mary clarence . christy my what ? mother superior you cell . you room . int . christy's cell the door swing open , and mother Superior and christy enter . the room be tiny , with bare plaster wall . there be a narrow wooden bed , with a thin muslin-cover mattress . there be a small nightstand and a wooden stool . page 32 . christy ( look around ) you be right the first time . be this like , solitary ? the cooler ? where 's the furniture ? mother superior we life be simple . we have little need for material possession . christy right , sure thing . but what about , like , appliance ? like a little color portable ? boom box ? mother superior useless distraction . christy ( sink to the bed ) it 's like the Stone Age . the room time forget . what about a phone ? mother superior and whom would you call ? christy oh , I do not know ... Satan ? mother superior ( not amused ) you cell be more than adequate . christy right . so what do we do now ? ping- pong ? row over to the monastery ? mother superior it be nine p.m . pleasant dream . christy wait . no . you be kid . light out ? at nine ? my day 's just start . mother superior I be sure . if I be you , I would use this time , to think about my life . and its direction . or lack thereof . christy ( indignant ) what 's wrong with my life ? mother superior from all I have hear , just about everything . you sing career seem all but nonexistent , and you marry lover want you dead . ( more ) page 33 mother superior ( cont 'd ) if you be fool anyone , it 's only yourself . God have bring you here . take the hint . mother Superior leave . after the door shut , christy stand and look out the one small window in she cell . she lean she head against the wall . she be try not to think about what mother Superior have say . still , the mess she life have become overwhelm she . she fight back tear . ext . convent - day the sun be just barely rise , as the convent bell toll . int . christy's cell christy be fast asleep . there be a rapping at the door . mary ROBERT ( 0.s. ) sister Mary clarence ! ext . convent hallway all the nun be proceeding , in they simple robe and nightshirt , down the hallway . christy 's door open ; she be still in she nightshirt , and she hair be a mess . christy what ? Mary Robert , in she nightshirt , stand outside . mary ROBERT come on , we be late . christy what ? what time be it ? mary ROBERT it 's after five . we have to bathe . christy ( groan ) five a.m .? int . hallway outside bathing room - a few minute later christy be stand on line in the hall , along with several other nun ; they be wait to take shower . they carry soap and towel . page 34 . mary patrick ( sincerely ) be not it a glorious morning ? good morning , Mary clarence . sleep well ? christy right . mary ROBERT be this like you old convent ? mary patrick which convent be that , sister ? christy which convent ? it be , um , the Little sister ... of the moonlight . in Vegas . everybody use to come to mass . Frank . dean. sammy . right at ringside . mary lazarus enough jabber . mary lazarus be a much older nun ; she be very no - nonsense , a hard - liner . christy what ? mary lazarus Progressive convent . vanity . it sound awful . it sound just like this place . christy like this place ? mary lazarus I like my old convent , in Vancouver . out in the wood . it be not all modern , like here . no electricity . cold water . bare foot . that be nun . it be Hell on earth , but I love it . this place be a Hilton . int . bathing room a stone room that be very medieval - look . one wall be divide into stall by wooden partition . in each stall be a nun , stand beneath a crude shower head that release a thin stream of lukewarm water . we see only the nun ' head and shoulder . still sleepy , christy lean against the wall of she stall , she eye close . lose in think , she begin sing softly to herself . page 35 . christy my boyfriend back and you're gonna be in trouble a few other nun ( very softly ) hey -la , hey - LA christy look up from she reverie ; she look around . the other nun be bathing , they eye down . there be no sign of sing . christy decide to try a test . christy my boyfriend back he's gonna save my reputation a few of the nun ( still very softly ) hey -la , hey - LA christy if I be you , i'd take a permanent vacation a few of the nun hey -la , hey -la my boyfriend back the nun giggle . christy where do that come from ? mary patrick I have not hear that song in age . the ronettes ? mary lazarus ( very grouchy ) shirelle . christy you know that song ? mary patrick 1961 ? ' 62 ? Mary clarence , that 's when many of we take final vow . it 's the last secular music we recall . christy no. hey -- he know that you be creating now you're gonna get a beat all the nun hey -la , hey LA page 36 . mary lazarus ( cut off the song ) that 's enough . we have get to get to chapel . Mary lazarus leave the bathing room , and the other nun resume scrubbing themselves . christy look around . christy anybody get conditioner ? int . chapel - a few minute later Bishop o'hara be lead the Sunday mass . he stand in the pulpit . the choir nun stand in a fence - in area to he leave . the remain nun , include christy and mother Superior , sit in the first few pews . o'hara we be a small congregation this morning . too many morning . something have go terribly wrong . where be faith ? where be celebration ? where be everyone ? still , rather than regret the absence of we neighbor , let we rejoice in the fellowship of that present . we choirmistress , sister Mary lazarus , have inform I that we choir , while always superior , have be toil especially hard on this week 's selection . sister ? Mary lazarus raise she hand , and the choir begin sing . they sing a traditional hymn , " let thy thought be guide . " as always , they sing be dreadful ; they have no tempo or pitch , and the hymn become a off- key drine . as the hymn continue , the camera pan over the chapel . aside from the nun , it be almost empty ; only a few elderly people be in attendance . angle on christy sit with the other nun . she be clearly about to fall asleep . then the choir hit a particularly horrendous note , and christy jerk awake . she immediately try to assume a pious expression , tilting she head and fold she hand in prayer ; she look like a somewhat dement Sunday School calendar . ext . las vega police department detective Clarkson get out of he car and hurry into the police station . int . police station Clarkson cross the busy room to Eddie 's glass - wall office . along the way , he signal detective tate to follow he . page 37 . int . mulcahy' office Eddie look up from he desk as the two detective enter . clarkson there be a raid on a pawnshop in L.A. this morning . the place be fencing steal property . they find this . Clarkson give Eddie a fax sheet , show a publicity photograph of christy . eddie Jesus . data-base hood . it 's a wonderful world . ( read the fax sheet ) belove daughter miss . reward of two hundred and fifty thousand dollar . please find we adore angel , we miss she so . Dead or alive . tate Vince be get desperate . where be she , Eddie ? where would you stash she ? eddie where 's who ? tate you will not even tell we ? eddie I would not even tell the Pope . int . convent schoolroom - a hour later a plain whitewash classroom , with batter student - style desk . a group of about eight local teenage girl have gather . the girl wear extreme of hair , makeup and clothing ; they be bored and scruffy , clearly the local bad Girls . sister Mary Patrick be lead the class , in she usual perky manner . mary patrick good afternoon , young lady . and welcome to we Christian youth Group . the Girls make grunt noise . mary patrick hi . I hope we will have some fun , and maybe learn a little something , too . now , today 's topic be something very up - to - date -- " teenage promiscuity . " my. now , can anyone tell I -- just what be promiscuity ? angle on the Girls , exchange glance and roll they eye . page 38 mary patrick anyone ? yes ? Mary Patrick point to a girl in bicycle pants . a bustier and a leather baseball cap . her name be lawanda . lawanda uh , it 's like , you know , doin ' it . a whole lot . till you head fall off . mary patrick ( blush ) well , yes . that be one way to put it . mother Superior enter the classroom accompany by christy mother superior sister Mary Patrick ? mary patrick yes ? mother superior I need to see you , at once . Girls , please excuse sister Mary Patrick for a few moment . Mary clarence ? christy yeah ? mother superior Girls , this be sister Mary clarence . she will be mind you until sister Mary Patrick 's return . Mary clarence , please assign a biblical passage . do not attempt discussion . be I understand ? christy I get it . mother superior ( to Mary Patrick ) come , sister . mother Superior and Mary Patrick leave the classroom . christy now stand at the front of the room . she be visibly uncomfortable . christy so , hi there . I be ... sister Mary clarence . and you be ... young Christians . I guess I should assign you this passage . what 's good ? what be you talk about ? lawanda we be talk about the wild thing . Teen promiscuity . page 39 christy ( after a beat ) really . charlene yeah . sister Mary Pat be discuss it . you know she think it 's a sin . christy ( try to behave ) well ... yes . yes it be . lawanda ( goad christy ) how come ? sister ? christy ( still try to behave ) well ... because it 's in the Bible . " thou shalt not ... " thou shalt not . the Girls all laugh and make jeer noise . christy Excuse I -- just what be you all do here ? at Sunday School ? lawanda ' Cause we love it so damn much . and cause we gotta come here . probation . christy probation ? charlene yeah . we all get catch . shoplift . cuttin ' school . cuttin ' up some bitch with a blade . so we gotta come here . so we will be good , in the future . so we will learn valuable lesson . and I learn mine . I will be incredibly good , I will never rip out nobody 's nose - ring by accident ever again . can I go now ? christy ( get feed up ) yeah , you learn a whole lot , I can tell . lawanda well , what would you know about it , anyway ? what do any of you nunhead know about anything ? about doin ' the nasty , or gettin ' high ? conchita leave she alone , lawanda , she 's just some ol ' nun ! do not pick on no nun , it 's bad luck ! page 40 . christy ( feed up ) shut up ! all the Girls look up , stunne by christy 's language . christy okay , so maybe I be a nun -- so , you want to ask I something ? you want to listen , for once in you little life ? you want to pay some attention ? charlene what about crack ? you a user ? christy I say I be a nun , not a asshole . all the girl jeer at charlene . keshia get you , charlene ! conchita dunked by the nun ! lawanda ( more sincerely ) well , what about the sex stuff ? what if some dude be after you , and he 's always say stuff , commin ' on sweet and mellow . like , oh , baby , you know you will love it . oh , baby , if you love I , you would stay . christy and you listen to that ? lawanda no , but ... I do not know ... sometimes . christy hey , I know , it 's hard . but do what I do . lawanda ( puzzle ) what you do ? christy just tell he , I do love you , but I can not -- I be a nun . the girl all laugh ; they be really beginning to like christy . page 41 . charlene but , like what if you be doin ' it ? what about protection ? who 's responsible ? conchita what about they thing , you know , for the guy ? be not they like , a mess to put on ? do not they kinda mess up the mood ? christy deal with it , sweet thing . it 's important , nowadays . you just practice at home , with a balloon and a banana . mother superior ( 0.s. ) Mary clarence ! mother Superior have return , with Mary Patrick . everyone have be so wrap up in the discussion , that no one have notice they entrance . christy ( think on she foot ) because a banana be part of a balanced breakfast . and do not forget fiber . int . mother superior office - later that day mother Superior be seat behind she desk ; she be very angry . christy sit across from she . mother superior a balloon and a banana ! tell I , Mary clarence , what be you think ? christy that girl be ask question . they have get it rough . I wish somebody have talk to I about that stuff when be they age . I wish somebody would talk to I about it now . mother superior this be a convent , not a clinic . we offer moral guidance , not hardware . christy have you be out in that street ? do you know what that kid be up against ? you should help they ! mother superior we be nun . we seek solution through prayer . page 42 . christy sometimes it 's not enough ! mother superior you be correct . sometimes prayer alone can not help a situation . such as you own , for example . how do you feel about physical labor ? christy it never solve anything . mother superior do you recall the word of Saint Peter , in ecciesiast 1:27 ? he speak unto a wastrel youth . he say , " take up thy task , and know ye the path of contentment . " christy in English ? mother superior how to put it ... ah , of course , Mary clarence . " no pain , no gain . " mother Superior smile in a rather evil manner . int . vince's office - day Vince be on the telephone in he office at the moonlight Hotel and casino . he clearly have a new mistress or two . vince ( very seductive ) baby , you know I do ... of course ... I feel it too ... I be blush ... can you hold ? a second telephone ring , and willy answer it . Vince meanwhile have push a button on he phone and be involved in a second romantic call . vince soon , you gorgeous thing ... tell I ... how lonely ? willy it 's that call you be expect , Vince . vince can you hold ? can you try ? willy pass the phone to Vince . t page 43 vince have you find out where christy be yet ? hey , bozo , you be on my payroll ! you want to try make it on a cop 's salary ? find she , and find she now ! Vince pass the phone back to willy . vince raise the ante to three hundred grand . willy head for the fax machine . Vince regains he composure , and pick up he own phone ; he push a button . vince sorry , baby ... you be ? totally ? not a stitch ?... yeah , I be naked too ... inside ... int . convent craft room this be a large , open room where the nun create various gift item which the convent sell to support itself . several nun sit at a table , diligently hand - painting Christmas card and make Christmas tree ornament . on the other side of the room be a large , free-stand loom , which resemble a grand piano . the loom be wooden ; a tapestry be half - complete . Mary Patrick be seat at the loom , which be a complicated mechanism . christy stand beside she . mary patrick the minute I see you . I say to myself , she 's a weaver . have you ever use a loom ? christy not in year . mary patrick well , it all come back , in just a jiffy . I be work on a wall - hang , of the convent . christy why ? mary patrick to sell , of course . I hate to say it , but we be in terrible trouble here at St. Katherine 's . we need a new roof , the furnace be go , and there 's no money . christy but do not you get money ? from the vatican ? page 44 . mary patrick Mary clarence . Goose . we be completely self - support . like all convent . like yours . christy oh , right . at my old place , we use to ... wash car . Groom dog . so ... nice loom . mary patrick be not it lovely ? now I will demonstrate , and then you can hop right in . ( as she deftly work the loom ) you just draw you beater in , keep it press against the pick , and open the shed . then pass you shuttle , beat , and open the next shed . shuttle. beat , beat , shuttle , beat , shed . keep tension on the warp . be that clear ? christy ( pretend to be fascinate ) just about . show I again . mary patrick you betcha . craft room - a hour later angle on the wall hang , which have progress considerably . angle on christy , lean against the wall , thumbing through a magazine . angle on Mary Patrick , hard at work at the loom . mary patrick shuttle , beat , shed . and watch you heddle . christy I love my heddle . show I again . mother Superior appear . mother superior Mary clarence -- how be you weaving progress ? mary patrick oh , she 's do just fine , reverend mother - page 45 . christy really catch on . mother superior good . Mary Patrick , I need you in the office . Mary clarence , carry on . mother Superior gesture to the loom . christy sit at the loom , and wave as mother Superior and Mary Patrick exit . christy stare at the loom ; a look of horror cross she face . she have not be pay attention to Mary Patrick 's instruction . she crack she knuckle , as if she be about to play the piano . she grab two part of the loom , at random . she move this part . angle on the loom . as a result of christy 's movement , the loom collapse , piece by piece . the tapestry unravel , the many skein of wool snap , and the mechanical apparatus disintegrate , until finally the entire loom shudder and fall to the floor , as christy watch , aghast . int . corridor mother Superior be stride down the hall ; she be livid . christy trail behind she , try to keep up . christy I be sorry , I be not a weaver ! mother superior month of work , and the loom , absolutely ruin ! christy look , this be not my kind of thing ! I be not cut out to make little tapestry , or knit little sweater ! I do not do that ! I be a star ! mother Superior stop dead in she track ; she turn and stare at christy . then she smile , in a rather frightening manner . montage - christy a ) on she hand and knee . scrubbing the stone floor of a convent hallway . B ) crawl along between the pews in the chapel , oiling every inch of wood with a bottle of polish and a rag . C ) crawl along the convent roof , clean out gutter with a trowel . she discover a dead rat in one of the gutter . page 46 D ) sewing ; she be repair a hole in a habit . the camera pull back . christy be sit in a small stone room , surround by pile of tear habit , linen and other mend . int . mother superior office christy be on the phone in the darken office . she keep check the door , to make sure no one be listen . christy ( into phone ) let I talk to detective Eddie mulcahy . it 's a emergency . Real bad . eddie' voice mulcahy . christy cup she hand around the phone and speak quietly and frantically . intercut between christy and Eddie . christy Eddie , you have get to get I out of here . eddie not again . you can not keep call . somebody 's go to catch on to where you be . christy but I be go insane ! all this people do be pray and work , work and pray ! I do not get it -- when 's the weekend ? they have gruel , Eddie , that 's what they call food ! gruel -- it 's like alpo for nun ! I sleep in a cell , on a board , and I pray five time a day do you know what I pray for , Eddie , do you have any idea ? check you crotch , Eddie -- anything fall off yet ? get I outta she ! eddie calm down . look , I do not want to tell you this , but we have have some problem with we protection program lately . christy like what ? eddie keeping we witness alive . we hide they , but there 's a leak in the department , and they end up dead . christy you son-of -a-bitch ! page 47 eddie I just need a few more week , christy but it 's a nightmare ! mother Superior be out to get I ! she hate my gut ! she keep think up new kind of torture ! in the distance , christy hear the choir practice ; they sound even worse than usual . christy ( hold the phone out ) do you hear that ? that choir ? Eddie , in here , that 's what they call music ! eddie do not call again . it 's not safe . I will be in touch . as the line go dead , mother Superior enter . christy take she dust rag and pretend to polish the receiver . she sing as she work . christy the hill be alive with the SOUND of music ... still sing , christy breeze out of the room . mother Superior look mystify . int . christy's cell - midnight christy be lie flat out on she bed , in she habit , utterly exhaust by the week 's hard labor . there be a meek scratching at she door . christy ( without move ) yeah ? sister Mary Robert enter , very shyly . she barely look up . christy what ? what do she want now ? I do the dish . I oile the pews . I dust the hymnal . two hundred hymnal . why can not people share ? mary ROBERT ( not speak above a whisper ) I ... I ... page 48 . christy what ? mary ROBERT I ... I bring you something . christy a cigarette ? mary ROBERT a extra heel of bread . please take it , you need you strength . you have be work so hard . Mary Robert hold out a rather rugge crust of brown bread . christy take it .. christy thanks . so which one be you ? sister Bruce ? sister Doug ? mary ROBERT ( until almost whisper ) Mary Robert . I be ... Mary Robert . christy right . okay . bob. Nice to know you . Mary Robert nod , and resume look at she hand . she do not 1eave , but she 's still tongue - tie . christy be at a loss . christy so , Bob , how long have you be in ? St. k' ? mary ROBERT Three year . sister . christy Three year . a rookie . mary ROBERT a novice . christy yeah , like a learner 's permit , right ? when do you hit the big time ? you know , when do you take the final vow ? Mary Robert burst into tear . christy whoa ! Bob ! what 's go on here ? what would I say ? page 49 . mary ROBERT ( still sobbing ) you have to help I christy right , sure , but what 's the problem ? be they keep you a prisoner here ? do they drug you ? do reverend mother like , kidnap you parent ? we can call the Enquirer . mary ROBERT no , you do not understand -- I do not want to get out ! I want to get in ? christy Excuse I ? mary ROBERT oh. Mary clarence , I be so unworthy . I want to take my final vow , I would do it tomorrow , but reverend mother will not let I ! christy she will not ? why not ? mary ROBERT she say I should wait . she say that no one should become a nun as a escape from life . she say that I be not experience enough to make the decision yet . in a mature manner . christy she say that ? reverend mother ? Mary Robert nod , solemnly . suddenly , from the street outside the convent , we hear a blast of hot dance music , and the SOUND of laughter and carefree conversation . christy well , then there 's only one thing to do . mary ROBERT what ? christy reverend mother say you need experience , right , in life . in order to make a responsible decision . this be go to be very painful for I . you know how much I love this little room . this whole convent . wait . christy stand , and go to the crucifix hang on the wall . she speak to the crucifix , and listen , as if Jesus be advise she . page 50 . christy ( to Jesus ) must I do this thing , 0 Lord ? please help I . , . yes , I know ... I must put my selfish care aside ... I must think of other ... yes , she 's here ... ( she gesture to Mary Robert ) he say hi ... yes , I understand ... let thy will be do . amen . you too . christy turn to Mary Robert , have receive a holy message . christy we must do this sacred thing , Mary Robert . mary ROBERT ( desperate ) of course ! we must do it ! it 's the will of God ! what be it ? christy ( shutting she eye , for the full spiritual effect ) we must ... get you some experience . we must ... leave this place . mary ROBERT be you sure ? another blast of music from the street . christy turn to the crucifix . she get confirmation . christy ( to Jesus ) we hear you . ext . STREET the outer wall of the convent . a door swing open , and christy stick she head out . she look both way , and step outside . she beckon to Mary Robert , who appear from behind she . Mary Robert look very wary . christy pull she along . ext . a STREET nearby christy and Mary Robert walk along a street a few block from the convent . mary ROBERT ( look around cautiously ) be you sure this be what reverend mother have in mind ? page 51 . christy I know it be . it 's life . experience . take a deep breath . christy breathes deep , and then let out a whoop . she spin , let she habit billow around she . mary ROBERT ( shocked ) Mary clarence ! christy now you . Mary Robert 's eye widen . she point to herself -- " I ? " christy nod . Mary Robert let out a tiny little whoop , and do a little , timid hop . christy it 's a start . ext . social club a neighborhood hang - out , the window bright with neon beer sign . the exterior be colorfully paint ; the club all but explode with good time . a group of teenager lounge on the step , sip beer and smoking . among the teenager be the girl from christy 's Christian youth group . christy and Mary Robert approach , and the group fall silent . christy how be you do . lawanda ( puzzle ) hey , sister . be you go in there ? christy you know it . mary ROBERT we need experience . christy ( remember she 's a nun ) it 's part of St. Katherine 's new community outreach program . how old be you ? you should not be smoking . have you ever see a disease lung ? Hand them over . lawanda reluctantly hand over she cigarettes . christy turn to a teenage boy who 's drink beer . page 52 . christy and you , with the devil 's brew pass through you lip . ( hold out she hand ) a mind be a terrible thing to waste . the boy hand over the beer . christy and Mary Robert enter the club . int . social club christy enter the club and grin . she take a drag on the cigarette . Mary Robert grab the beer from christy 's hand , and take a swig . christy ( shocked ) bob mary ROBERT experience ! right ? christy right . the club be alive with activity ; the bar be crowded , couple be make out at small table , and the dance floor be pack . the atmosphere be a combination of hazy darkness and color light ; the club should have the feel of a hot neighborhood party , with people of all age and race . the music percolate , and christy start to move to it . she and Mary Robert find a table in the corner , and signal a nearby waitress . christy a couple of bowl of chili . ( hold up the beer ) and another round of this . the waitress look at the two woman strangely ; the club have never host nun before . mary ROBERT ( to the waitress , confidentially ) I have to do this . so I can become a nun . christy ( to the waitress ) initiation . you understand . later on , we make she wear she underwear on she head . mary ROBERT really ? page 53 christy ( to the waitress ) and she want to be a nun . the waitress leave , shaking she head . christy and Mary Robert watch the action at the club . across the room , mike the bartender stare at the nun , especially christy ; he try to place she . mary ROBERT who be all this people ? christy this be you neighborhood . you turf . you should get to know them . from across the room , Mike the bartender continue to study christy 's face . he take out a copy of Vince 's fax photo and stare at it . he cover christy 's hair in the photo with he hand , create a wimple . there be no question in he mind ; the two be the same . Mike have a dangerous look in he eye as he take a gun from the drawer and slip it into he pocket beneath he apron . there be a live band on a small stage at one end of the club . they start play a hot dance number , and the club really begin to cook , as the dance floor fill . christy and Mary Robert , both still seat , start to move with the music . a very good - look local dude come over to the nun table . he be clearly amused at they presence . dude hey , sister -- how you doin ' ? christy ( flirt ) better now . dude how come they let you out ? out of that convent place ? christy time off . for bad behavior . dude oww ! a nun havin ' fun ! I do not believe it ! it 's good to have you lady in this fine establishment . so ... anybody on the move ? mary ROBERT ( stand up ) I be . page 54 . christy Bob ! what be you do ? Mary Robert lead the dude out onto the dance floor . mary ROBERT I be get experience . christy ( to the dude ) you watch yourself ! christy decide she would better keep a eye on Mary Robert ; she grab another dude , and head for the dance floor . as the music percolate , christy and Mary Robert dance ; christy be very hot , and Mary Robert pick up on she move . the club patron be delighted , and cheer as the nun start to get down . club patron # 1 do it , sister ! club patron # 2 sway and pray ! as the song , and the nun ' exuberant dance , peak , the Club patron cheer , shouting " hallelujah ! " and " amen ! " ext . STREET - night christy and Mary Robert be walk back to the convent . they be both in very good spirit . mary ROBERT that people be wonderful ! why do not we ever see they in church ? christy good point . especially that dude you be with . I would like to see he down front . mary ROBERT ( giggle ) Mary clarence ! you be so ... different from the other sister . sometimes , well ... sometimes you sound more like a layperson . christy honey . as the two woman laugh together , they do not notice the car that begin to follow they , creep slowly forward with its headlight out . page 55 . mary ROBERT I can not wait to tell reverend mother about all my experience . I have learn so much . christy well , you know , you do not have to tell she everything . I mean , nothing really happen . we just ... take a walk . the car 's bright light suddenly switch on , and the nun turn , startle . the car hurtle toward they . they scream , and christy grab Mary Robert and throw she out of the car 's path ; the two woman land on a pile of garbage bag . struggle to she foot , christy see the car go into reverse , and then pull forward again . she see a glint of light reflect off a gun as the car 's driver ( Mike the bartender ) lean out the window . christy ( to Mary Robert ) run ! christy shove Mary Robert towards a alley . as she do so , the gun goe off with a red flash . the shot miss the two woman and shatter a plate glass window of the store behind they . ext . alley running up the alley , christy and Mary Robert hear Mike 's footstep chase they , grow louder as he gain on they . mary ROBERT Mary clarence ! christy keep move ! christy grab the ladder of a fire escape , and shove Mary Robert up the ladder ahead of she . christy climb ! now ! as christy and Mary Robert climb the fire escape , another gunshot echoes in the alley , ricochete off the fire escape . the nun climb higher up the building . Mike pursue , look for a shot between the step and the landing , but not find any opening . he take the step two at a time and begin to gain ground . at the fourth floor landing , christy 's heel get stick in the grate . she pull frantically at the lace . page 56 . christy goddamn it ! mary ROBERT Mary clarence ! Mike arrive at the landing just as christy twist she toot out of the shoe , and surprise he with a lunge for the gun . Mike 's hand be knock back against the metal frame of the fire escape , and the gun fly loose , rattling down the metal step to the landing below . christy shove Mary Robert into the open window of a apartment , and follow she in . int . tenement apartment christy and Mary Robert leap into the bedroom of a Hispanic couple , they arm wrap around each other in bed . at the woman 's entrance , the couple look up , stunne to see two nun in they bedroom . mary ROBERT oh my Lord ! christy ( push Mary Robert forward ) experience ! the couple continue to look stunne as the nun race out of the room . ext . convent - night christy and Mary Robert run up to the side door of the convent ; they catch they breath . mary ROBERT what be all that ? who be that man ? why would he shoot at we ? christy I do not know , some people just do not like nun . I wish I have a ruler . mary ROBERT we could have be kill ! but you save I ! ( throw she arm around christy ) thank you , Mary clarence ! the door to the convent swing open . mother Superior be wait . mother superior yes -- thank you so much . page 57 int . convent corridor - day christy sit alone outside mother Superior 's office , listen to the loud ticking of the clock on the wall . she seem small and vulnerable , like a child send to the principal 's office . the door open and Eddie emerge from the office . christy what would she say ? eddie you blow it -- big time . she do not want you back . christy do she know people be try to kill I out there ? eddie she 's count on it . she 's concerned for you safety , but she want I to try and find another convent that will take you . or a carnival . christy so what be I suppose to do in the meantime ? eddie go in and talk to she . it can not hurt . ( urging she ) go. reluctantly , christy rise and approach the door . she look at Eddie , who motion she to go in . she finally do . int . mother superior office mother Superior be work on some papers at she desk as christy enter . christy be try to figure out a strategy . christy so ... hi there . mother superior ( not amused and not look up ) I do not believe we have anything to say to each other . christy look ... I know I should not have , I be incredibly sorry about Mary Robert , I be not think , I do not know that would happen ! page 58 . mother Superior glance up from she work . she be justifiably outrage . mother superior Mary Robert 's life be in danger ! you behavior be inexcusable ! christy I know ! I be sorry I do not mean for it to happen ! and I be the one they be shoot at ! mother superior Mary clarence , I have give you every opportunity . to change . to make a decent life for yourself . christy a decent life ? Excuse I ? as what ? a janitor ? mother superior clearly , you have learn nothing . and you present a ongoing threat , both to this convent and to yourself . christy but you can not kick I out ! guy want to kill I ! you be a nun ! a big nun ! be not you suppose to have compassion ? for the wayward sheep ? I mean , I be a major sinner ! all - time great ! Hall of Fame ! be not I , like , you dream come true ? you Olympic event ? mother Superior stare at christy . mother superior Mary clarence , perhaps you be correct . christy ( surprised ) I be ? mother superior you may stay . but I shall restrict you activity to but a single task . christy ( with great dread ) what ? mother superior you have , I believe , some minimal background in music . therefore , you be to join we choir . ( more ) page 59 mother superior ( cont 'd ) you will sing , and you will sleep , ' that be you schedule until you depart . as almost no one attend mass , you will be unable to cause further damage . christy no. no. mother superior ( smile ) you be my Olympic event . christy not the choir , please , anything but that . the choir -- I mean , have you hear they ? I will do anything , scrub floor , toilet , you name it , but not that I mother superior ( in triumph ) the choir , Mary clarence . go for the gold . int . choir rehearsal room - that day there be twelve nun in the room , go over sheet music . Mary lazarus be the group 's leader ; Mary Patrick and Mary Robert be also in the choir . christy appear at the door , grimace . christy be this ... choir practice ? mary patrick sure be ! come on in , and sing a spell . christy spot Mary Robert . christy Mary Robert , I be so sorry about last night ... mary ROBERT now stop that . you do not shoot at I . you be only try to help , to give I experience . I try to explain that to reverend mother , but -- I do not know if she understand . Mary lazarus cut off this chitchat , thrust a hymnal at christy . mary lazarus soprano or alto ? christy ( very gloomy ) whatever . page 60 . Mary lazarus hand christy a hymnal , and rap she baton . the choir begin to sing ; christy do not even bother try . she be horrify ; the choir be the worst - sounding group in history . they seem to be sing in several random key , and they even have trouble with the word . no one look up from they hymnal . sister alma , the organist with the hearing aid , be plodd along . int . blue collar bar - day Mike the bartender be take chair off table and set they on the floor as joey and willy enter . joey we be look for Mike . mike you find he -- but we be not open yet . willy grab Mike 's arm and bend they behind he back . mike hey -- the till 's empty ! willy slam Mike 's face into the wall , stun he . joey lift Mike 's groggy face and offer sympathy . joey I be sorry -- I do not know what get into he . mike who be you guy ? joey we be the guy from Vegas . you have christy last night , but you let she get away . it 's upsetting . willy hammer Mike 's face into the wall again . mike but you do not tell I ! joey we do not tell you what ? mike that she 's a nun ! that chick you be look for -- she 's a nun ! willy what ? christy ? page 61 . joey a nun ? mike I be tell you ! willy and joey look at each other , and consider this . then they burst out laugh . they refuse to believe Mike 's story . willy gimme a hand here . willy and joey pick Mike up , and hurl he over the bar . then they exit , still laugh . joey a nun ! int . choir rehearsal room - day the choir continue its dreadful rendition of the hymn let thy thought he guide . christy be not sing ; she be clearly in pain . Mary lazarus stop the song . one of the nun have to nudge sister alma to stop she play . mary lazarus Mary clarence , be you with we ? christy um , I do not really know this one ... mary ROBERT Mary clarence have a background in music . that 's what reverend mother say . mary patrick ( eagerly ) really , Mary clarence ? be you a choirmistress ? christy sure . kind of ... free-lance . mary lazarus ( circle christy ) free-lance ? oh really ? you think I do not see ? you think I take vow yesterday ? I know what you be up to . you and reverend mother . christy what ? mary lazarus you be a ringer . she bring you in to replace I . out with the old . page 62 . christy hold on . mary patrick Mary clarence , could you ? Mary lazarus , you be terrific , but ... ( to christy ) could you help we ? another nun please ? another nun you have hear we . mary lazarus well . everyone fall silent . Mary lazarus walk across the room , eyeball each member of the choir . mary lazarus there 's a word for this -- mutiny . ( to christy ) so , Mary clarence , you think you can do better . I believe I would like to see that . ( she hand christy she pitchpipe and baton ) I be out to pasture . dry dock . the glue factory . go ahead , sister -- make them sing . everyone watch christy . christy well ... ( to nary lazarus ) with all due respect ... let 's have a look at this . christy go over to the piano . she examine the sheet music for " let they thought he guide . " she sit at the piano , beside sister alma . christy pick out the hymn on the piano , accompany herself . christy let thy thought be guide let thy soul be heal christy 's sing voice be , as usual , not very good . she stop sing . for perhaps the first time in she life , she have really hear herself . christy man . I sound like you guy . page 63. mary lazarus ( victorious ) very nice . sister , have we learn we lesson ? I will not hold this little episode against anyone . I will try not to . christy ( stand ) Mary Robert . Mary Robert jump , startle by the attention . mary ROBERT what ? christy Mary Robert , I have watch you . you never really sing . you whisper . nothing come out . mary ROBERT I do not want to mess anyone up ... christy ( to sister alma ) give I a c. ( because sister alma be hard of hearing ) a c! sister alma play the note . christy point the baton at Mary Robert . Mary Robert whisper the note . christy louder ! like you be onstage . Mary Robert sing a little louder . christy like people be eat , and there 's silverware , and you want they to hear you . Mary Robert sing louder still . christy think about that guy you be dance with ! Mary Robert finally let out she full voice , which be huge and glorious . after sing a single perfect note , she stop abruptly ; she have scared herself . mary ROBERT oh my ! page 64 . christy you see ? we have get the voice . they be just allover the place . I have hear all of you , in the shower -- you be decent . better than I . we just need chart -- harmony -- chop . mary patrick ( puzzle ) chop ? christy the goods . the sound . the sale . let 's rearrange a few thing . Mary Patrick , you be not a natural soprano , you be a alto . get over here . Mary Robert -- with the sopranos . the two nun trade place . christy sister alma -- a c. sister alma play the note , and the nun try to duplicate it , but the result be not much better than before . christy use she pitchpipe ; she circulate among the nun , give each she note , urging they closer to pitch . christy Middle section , hold that note , for dear life . sopranos , a A. sister alma ? sister alma hit the note . christy shuffles a couple of more nun to other section , then get a third note go with the alto , use she pitchpipe . for one moment , the nun all realize they be sing a perfect chord . they be elate . mary patrick we do it ! we actually sing a chord ! mary ROBERT ( thrilled and disconcert ) that be exciting ! christy yeah , for one second . that be the blend -- you have get to listen to each other . be a group . mary lazarus ( under she breath ) I know that . christy Mary lazarus , I get the feel that you like discipline . hard work . page 65 . mary lazarus of course . I be a nun . four pope now . the Lord hate a loafer . christy I hear you . how many day a week do you rehearse ? mary patrick two day . a hour or so . christy no way . we be a choir , right ? headliner . the big room . two day a week will not cut it . every day . mary lazarus ( impressed ) she 's good . mary ROBERT ( to christy ) do you really think we could do it ? get better ? christy I do not know . Mary lazarus , what do you think ? they be pretty raw . mary lazarus wet behind the ear . christy a bunch of real mama 's girl . mary patrick oh , please ? can not we try ? christy and Mary lazarus look at each other , as real comrade . christy lean on Mary lazarus ' shoulder . christy it will be hell . mary lazarus tell I about it . christy and Mary lazarus shake hand , firmly . christy turn to the choir , very businesslike . christy ten-hut ! int . convent laundry room - day this be a basement utility room . a large industrial washer - dryer stand along one wall ; the machine make a repetitive chung - chung sound page 66 . the choir nun be busily do laundry ; some iron , other fold sheet , other stack towel and garment on a long table . christy be help Mary Patrick fold a sheet . everyone be work rhythmically , to the drine of the washer - dryer . christy that machine . mary patrick I know . it 's ancient . christy it 's a rhythm section . the beat . christy start clap she hand to the sound of the washer - dryer ; gradually , the other nun join she . christy Mary Patrick -- do you remember the Dixie cup ? mary patrick the Dixie cup ? oh my . I be just a girl . of course . ( sing ) spring be here the SUN will shine christy ( stop the beat ) hold it . Mary Patrick , you be a pretty cheerful person , be not you ? mary patrick be I ? there be a murmur from all the other nun -- " oh , yes . mary patrick ( as a confession ) all right , I be , I know it ! all my life , I have just be ... upbeat . optimistic . perky . I can not help it . even when I be little , I remember my mother use to say , " that child be pure sunshine . she will either be a nun -- or a stewardess . " christy so use it . when we sing hymn , they be usually about rejoice , right ? celebration . most music be . so do not hold back . let all that joy go right into you voice . make I happy . let I hear it . perk out . perk down . page 67 . mary patrick ( with real joy ) spring be here the SUN will shine I will be he and he'll be mine we'll love until the end of time and we'll never be lonely anymore christy because we be all the nun go to the chapel and we're gonna get married go to the chapel and we're gonna get married go to the chapel and we're gonna get married mary patrick go to the chapel of love ! the nun have really get into the song , with christy encourage they verbally . they be sounding better and better . sister mary frederick , a member of the choir , step into the laundry room and let loose with a sudden , pierce whistle . the nun immediately stop sing , and a moment later mother Superior enter . the room be quiet except for the sound of the washer - dryer . the nun all get very busy at they laundry task . nun ( in unison ) good morning , reverend mother . mother superior good morning , sister . mother Superior take one more glance around , then leave . now that the coast be clear , the sing begin again , quietly , to the rhythm of the machine . nun go to the chapel ... int . chapel Bishop o'hara be lead the Sunday mass . bishop o'hara welcome this Sunday morning , 0 ye few and faithful . page 68. as usual , the chapel be almost empty , except for the nun . the choir be in place behind the pulpit . bishop o'hara the choir , I be tell , have elect a new director -- sister Mary clarence , who will lead they in hymn 127 . christy nod to the Bishop , and signal to sister alma , who begin the accompaniment . choir let thy thought be guide let thy soul be heal they sound fantastic . they voice blend with a heavenly harmony as they sing the slow , melodic hymn . mother Superior be startle by this new sound . ext . STREET lawanda and she friend glance at the convent with curiosity as the beautiful music drift out to the street . a few other head turn , but with only mild reaction . int . chapel at the end of the first verse , christy signal the choir to stop . there 's a hush in the chapel as christy glance at the vacant pews . then she turn to sister alma and nod . sister alma strike a bold , stir chord . several of the nun blink . Bishop o'hara glance at the organ with surprise . mother Superior sit up with a stiffen back and a severe expression . as the chord grow in force , christy give the choir a beat . christy one , two , three ... the choir begin a radically new version of the same hymn . christy stride up and down in front of the choir , transform the song into a rouse gospel anthem , with a passionate call - and -response format . choir let thy thought be guide christy what you say ? choir let thy soul be heal page 69 . christy but how ? choir by a voice you hear from on high christy I think I hear it ! choir let thy thought be guide christy you know , I just might ! choir let thy soul be heal christy and choir let thy spirit take wing and fly ! spontaneous reaction from everyone in the church . ext . STREET the gorgeous , exciting music pour into the street . everyone turn to look . window open and people glance out . the street take on a new movement . int . chapel the choir really let loose flow . christy and choir let thy thought be strengthened let thy prayer be heard let our lord rejoice in you praise let he goodness lift you to a higher place and let love and peace fill you day lawanda and she friend peer in at the back door of the chapel . Bishop o'hara see they , and beckon they to come in . christy sister alma ! sister alma , inspire by christy and the choir , burn up the organ with a solo . more people from the street begin to enter ; tentative , curious , draw by the music . at the end of the solo , christy make a gesture to the choir , and each member produce a tambourine . the chapel be full of energy , music and life . christy Mary Robert ! page 70 . Mary Robert sing , really let the power of she voice ring out . she be astonishingly good . mary ROBERT let thy thought be guide let thy soul be heal by a voice you hear from on high let thy thought be guide let thy soul be heal let thy soul take wing and fly ! the new visitor to the church begin to clap in rhythm to the music , and after a few beat , the nun join in . mother Superior be aghast . the choir build to a huge gospel finish , all keep they eye on christy . choir let thy spirit christy you know what we be say ! choir let thy spirit christy I think they hear you ! mary lazarus let thy spirit christy and choir let thy spirit take wing and flyi after the final note , everyone in the chapel be exhilated -- everyone except mother Superior . christy look out at the congregation that have increase by a dozen or more , include lawanda and she friend . christy look happier than she have in year . int . corridor - day the member of the choir be all gather outside mother Superior 's office , lean close to the door and listen to she harangue christy . they be surprised to find themselves join suddenly by Bishop o'hara , and part to let he through . he lean down to the keyhole and listen . int . office mother Superior be livid . mother superior Gospel . a jazz solo on the organ . what next ? Jesus go to Rio ? good Friday - a - go -go ? what be you think ? page 71 . christy I be think Las Vegas . get some butt in that seat . mother superior and what next ? popcorn ? curtain call ? this be not a theater . or a casino . christy ( sincerely ) exactly . people like go to theater and casinos . but they think church be for grandma -- we could change that . pack the joint . mother superior through blasphemy ? you have corrupt the entire choir ! christy hold on . that 's not fair . I work hard with they . they give up they free time , and they love it . that woman be happy . and we can get even better . we can wake this place up . mother superior out of the question . christy please let I try . I be begging you . mother superior and I be refuse . as of tomorrow , Mary lazarus will resume she leadership of the choir . christy be crestfallen . there be a knock on the door , and o'hara enter . the other member of the choir be in behind he like sardine . bishop o'hara reverend mother , I just want to congratulate you . mother superior oh ? bishop o'hara I have not enjoy mass this much in year . what a marvelous program . innovative . inspiring . you be to be commend . mother superior well ... thank you . page 72 . bishop o'hara I can not wait until next Sunday , when the choir perform again . do you see the people walk right in from the street ? that music , that heavenly music -- it call to they . mother superior perhaps . bishop o'hara I must tell the cardinal . i.11 send he a personal letter , describe you effort , you bold new fight to keep you little convent alive . mother superior really ? christy have just be eat this up with a spoon . christy Excuse I , Bishop . reverend mother have some other idea too . she 's too modest to talk about it , but she think we should get out of the convent and into the neighborhood more . ( put she hand on mother Superior 's shoulder ) this woman . Mary Patrick jump forward . mary patrick bless she ! there be so many problem in this neighborhood that we could help solve . that 's why many of we become nun . it 's marvelous , reverend mother . mother superior ( confuse by the turn thing have take ) really ... christy ( with regard to mother Superior ) you know reverend mother . hide she light under a bushel . she have plan for we to move right onto the street . get to know people . work with them . bishop o'hara ( to mother Superior ) you be a pioneer . page 73. mother superior but , Bishop , surely you realize -- this be a most dangerous neighborhood . o'hara and you will face that danger head - on . as if I could stop you . and you have my complete support in this matter . anything you can do to revitalize this neighborhood would be a bless . christy ( hugging mother Superior from behind ) do not you love she ? ext . convent - day the nun be out in force , painting the wall of the convent , mostly with rainbow and flower and bright , shine sun . the camera pan to christy , who be add she own original touch to the mural , use can of spray paint . christy 's section include a image of a nun in a miniskirt and spike heel , accompany by neon letter that read " St. kate ! " people gather in the street , watch the nun ' activity . the convent begin to crackle with energy and life . a drug deal be go on in a house up the street , but the dealer give only a curious glance to the action at the convent . int . mother superior window from the window of she office , mother Superior watch the painter and feel she control slip away . ext . STREET - later christy lead the member of the choir down the middle of the street . they get lot of attention each step of the way . as each nun rap , the other nun make rhythmic boom - box noise . christy ( rapping ) we're the sister of the sacred heart we do our bit , now do you part mary ROBERT ( rapping ) honor thy mother and thy father too don't kill , don't steal , it's bad for you mary patrick ( rapping ) believe in the lord , he will be do come to church , it's ton of fun page 74 . mary lazarus ( rapping ) dig down deep , give all you can trust I , child , there's a heavenly plan ! the parade go on , the crowd gather , and a general air of jubilance prevail . int . rehearsal room - day the rehearsal room be fill with high energy as the choir be separate into several group . christy have get the whole thing run like a discipline Broadway cast . Mary Patrick lead one group in the corner as they practice synchronize movement with tambourine . colorful streamer be tie to the tambourine , and they make colorful pattern in the air . sister alma pound the piano with newfound energy , as Mary Robert and the sopranos reach higher and higher for note they have only dream of in the past . christy and Mary lazarus have corral the rest of the nun into a practice of intricate dance step , somewhat like the temptation in skirt . Mary lazarus keep the beat with a yardstick . christy do not look at you foot , and I do not want to see anybody count . make it look easy . again ! mary lazarus right , right , cross with the leave , spin and turn ! christy hopeless I mary lazarus amateur 2 christy Babies mary lazarus again ! ext . crack house - night one of the drug dealer stand outside the crack house as a car suddenly pull up to the curb . he start toward the car as the driver roll down the window , but before he get there , christy and several nun surround the car . page 75 . christy we be here to pray for you , brother . dealer what ? get the hell out of here . christy we know you do not want to sell drug . you just have a unhappy childhood , and maybe a learn disability . you just need someone to pray for you . mary patrick we know you do not want to bring pain and misery to you friend and neighbor . we will pray to find you some honest work . christy and we know that , even though most people would call you a leech and a parasite , the lowest slug of humanity ! we know that deep down inside , you be probably even worse . and so you truly need we prayer . driver what be this ? outta my way ! the nun give he room , and the Driver zip off down the street . a small crowd have begin to gather , and it be grow by the moment , murmure encouragement for the nun . christy turn to the Dealer , as other car drive slowly past . christy yes , prayer be the answer , and prayer free we be go to give free prayer to everyone who drive up to this house . mary ROBERT ( to the Dealer ) we be nun ! mary patrick ( to cruise car ) free prayer right over here ! drive up and get you prayer ! dealer you be hassling my customer ! that 's not legal ! I know my rights . this be restriction of trade . christy you wanna call a cop ? page 76 . the Dealer 's eye turn ugly as he take a gun from he pocket . Mary Patrick step forward . mary patrick be you go to shoot we all , tough guy ? mary lazarus be it worth it ? a lot of witness here . christy ( to the crowd ) can I get a witness ? the Dealer glance at the surly crowd , then give the nun a disgust look . he put the gun away . dealer so I will find another neighborhood to do my business . you can ' t stop I . christy if we can stop you here , they can stop you there . the Dealer turn and walk back to he house with anger . the crowd applaud and cheer . the picture suddenly become grainy , and we hear the voice of a news reporter . news reporter ( v.0 . ) it be a truly remarkable scene , as the nun from St. Katherine 's literally drive the crack dealer from the neighborhood , lead by the feisty sister Mary clarence . camera pull back and we see a tv screen with a image of the nun and neighbor still celebrate . on top of the tv be several frame photograph of Vince laflocca , he wife and child . int . vince larocca's live room - night connie larocca , Vince 's wife , watch the tv news story and call to Vince in the kitchen . connie vinnie , get in here . you gotta see this ! carry a roast beef sandwich and a can of beer , Vince appear from the kitchen and glance at the tv screen to see a shot of the convent . he look at connie and make a sour face . page 77 . vince what ? nun ? you get I in here to see nun ? be not there a ball game on or something ? Vince turn away from the tv just as a closeup of christy appear on the screen . connie look -- she 's adorable ! Vince leave the room , and we see christy again as she lead the choir . int . eddie' apartment - night Eddie be cooking spaghetti in he efficiency apartment and watch the news on tv at the same time . he pour himself a glass of wine and stir the spaghetti sauce . news reporter this tiny convent have experience a amazing turnaround . the sister have revitalize and take back they neighborhood , all due to the energy and talent of the convent choir , a group lead by this gift young nun . tell we , Mary clarence1 what make you so special ? christy ( try to appear modest and nun-like ) oh , I be not special , Bob . it 's just hard work ... and prayer . Eddie all but spit out he wine . his eye be wide as he watch christy be interview . in one stride , he grab he hat and coat and be out the door on the run . ext . convent - day the Sunday morning bell be chiming as crowd of people stream into the convent . the entire neighborhood look cleaner , and the people walk with a spring in they step . Three local tv station have remote news crew on the scene do follow - up on the story . int . chapel hallway last in line , christy follow the other choir member down a hallway toward the chapel . suddenly , a hand reach out and grab she , and a second hand cover she mouth as she be pull into a empty cell . int . cell shock and terrify , christy struggle to free herself , but be suddenly relieved to see that she abductor be Eddie . page 78 . Eddie release she , and she fall onto the bed . christy Eddie ! you scared the hell out of I ! eddie what if I be Vince ? you would be dead right now . what be you do give interview on tv ? christy it be not my fault ! they just show up . it 's help the convent . eddie you be suppose to be hide out ! christy I really can not talk about it now . the place be pack . sro . I have get a show to do . eddie listen to yourself . this be not a career opportunity . christy I know that . this be not about I . it 's about the choir . you should hear they . they be good . really good . and I teach they . eddie Jesus , look at you you be glow . christy I be ? eddie yeah . you look ... great . I mean it .. christy ( flirt ) really ? Lieutenant ? eddie I have be worried about you . Eddie sit on the bed beside christy . christy you mean -- worried about my testimony ? eddie no -- worried about you . personally . page 79 . christy well .. thanks . I have be think about you .. - sometimes . I mean , there be not a lot of guy around here . I mean , sometimes I feel like ... a nun . eddie I too . christy you be not ... see anybody ? eddie no . most of the time I be think about you . and now ... you have really change . christy I have ? eddie you be sort of ... radiant . you eye be shine . you be rea1ly different ... Eddie and christy be gaze into each other 's eye ; they be just about to kiss . they lip be less than a inch apart . eddie you be ... you be a nun . Eddie and christy jump apart , they intimacy have frighten they both , particularly give christy 's outfit , and they location . christy we be in a convent ! christy go to the door . christy I have get to go . eddie just remember - you be a target . do not you think Vince have a t.v.? christy ( try to think straight ) I know , I know . I will be careful . I will try . christy begin to leave , and then she turn , fill with a performer 's excitement . christy Magic time ! page 80 . christy hurry toward the chapel , leave Eddie to shake he head and wonder . int . chapel sister alma play the organ , and the choir hum quietly as christy address the congregation . cameras from several tv station be focuss on she from various place in the chapel . christy this Sunday 's hymn be inspire by the lesson of Mary magdalene . you know the one . Mary magdalene be a young lady with a past . she be no stranger to sin . she be no stranger to practically everybody . many condemn she . the whole neighborhood . but one man refuse to do so . one man say , hey now , wait a minute . listen to the story . sister alma start play a doo - wop vamp . Mary Patrick and Mary Robert step forward from the choir , stand beside christy the way the ronelle use to do . christy hey , girl . mary patrick and ROBERT hail , Mary . christy Jerusalem be a real drag . everybody hate I . mary patrick and ROBERT oh-huh . christy people throw stone . they call I name . I mean , really . mary patrick and ROBERT really . christy but -- wait . mary patrick what be it , Mary ? christy that man -- who be he ? mary ROBERT he 's a carpenter . page 81 mary patrick he 's not like other guy . mary ROBERT he 's decent . mary patrick he 's kind . christy he 's ... dreamy . he 's ... choir yes , Mary ? christy he's so fine ... the full choir sing back - up while christy , Mary Patrick and Mary Robert perform intricate girl group choreography . choir doo - lang , doo - lang , doo - lang . christy / mary ROBERT / mary patrick wish he be mine that handsome guy over there the one with the wavy hair sister alma be surround by several STREET kide who play guitar , bass and drum to accompany the organ and choir . lawanda and she friend sit in a pew , move joyously to the music . Eddie stand in the back of the chapel , watch a christy he have never see before . christy be now glow with happiness and confidence . as the song continue , we see the chapel be pack to the rafter . a tin bucket be pass around as a collection plate , and it overflow with money . ext . convent Church service be over , and happy people stream out of the convent , but they do not hurry home . stand in group , they talk pleasantly and make plan for the day . there be a real sense of neighborhood up and down the block . Eddie come down the step , glance back at the convent , smile to himself , then cross the street to he car . page 82 . int . chapel christy and the choir stare at the collection plate that be fill with money . christy jackpot ! two bucket mary patrick this be so exhilate ! all week long , I can not wait till Sunday , when we sing . mary ROBERT I would rather sing than do anything ! mary patrick it 's better than ice cream . mary ROBERT it 's better than springtime . christy it 's better than sex ! everyone look at christy with astonishment . christy ( catch herself ) I imagine . everyone 's attention suddenly turn to Bishop o'hara as he approach . o'hara better and better , sister , you be truly a inspiration . and I bear gladsome tiding . the choir gather around o'hara with curiosity . o'hara I have keep the cardinal inform of you progress in the neighborhood . he have be most impressed . and he have invite you to attend a special evening mass at St. Matthew 's Cathedral on Sunday night1 to sing for the Council of Cardinals . the choir react with a excited buzz : " the Council of Cardinals ! " , " what shall we sing ? " , etc . mother Superior appear , from the center aisle . mother superior that be indeed glorious news , Bishop . we will be honore to appear . ( more ) page 83. mother superior ( cont 'd ) and on such a occasion , I feel a completely traditional program will be best . christy what do you mean ? mother superior the council of Cardinals be perhaps the most esteem body in the entire Catholic church . they command the utmost respect . you more ... secular entertainment would be wholly out of place . mary patrick but , reverend mother -- everyone love we new style . mary ROBERT it 's bring people back to the church . christy be not that why we be ask to sing for that Cardinals ? mother superior I believe this can be settle by a simple vote . christy a vote ? mother superior of course . Mary clarence , a convent be not a totalitarian state . most major decision be make by the membership as a whole . a membership that , I be certain , will vote in a rational and pious manner . all that in favor of allow Mary clarence to select a program ? all the nun look at one another . then , slowly , one by one , they all raise they hand . mother Superior be pure steel at this moment ; she expression betray no emotion . christy , on the other hand , be quite confuse . christy but ... wait a minute ... mother superior the majority have speak . page 84 . bishop o'hara reverend mother , as always , you be a true leader . gracious and understanding . mary ROBERT it will be wonderful , reverend mother . you will see . mary lazarus ( gesture to christy ) she 's a pro . christy what ? mother superior I be certain the presentation will be a great success . congratulation , Mary clarence . and congratulation to you all . the nun cheer , and cluster around christy , chatter about the upcoming concert , as mother Superior stride off . int . mother superior office - day seat at she desk , mother Superior glance up as christy enter . christy you send for I ? mother superior you have a phone call . mother Superior continue with she paperwork as christy pick up the phone . christy hello ? eddie' voice good news , kid . I pull a few string the judge have agree to move the trial up . we will be in court in a couple of day . with mix emotion , christy speak softly . christy that soon ? mother Superior be a very interested eavesdropper . eddie' voice forty -eight hour -- and you will be a free woman . page 85 . christy great . that 's good to hear . eddie' voice hey , do not thank I or anything . christy right , right -- thanks . christy hang up the phone . she look at mother Superior . christy hey -- you prayer have be answer . I be leave . in just a couple of day . mother superior really . well , that make two of we . christy what ? mother superior I have submit my resignation to Bishop o'hara . privately . I have ask to be relocate as soon as possible . christy but -- why ? mother superior I must go where I can be of use . christy but -- there 's so much more to do right here . and look , if it 's about I , I mean , I be go . mother superior indeed . after how long ? a few week ? I have be here thirty year . and yet , it would seem , I know nothing . christy but everything that 's happen be good ! you can be a part of it ! mother superior a part of what ? Mary clarence , it be one thing to rabble rouse , to sweep into town and declare a holiday . you have raise the sister ' expectation , you have excited and confuse they . they imagine this neighborhood to be some sort of delightful ongoing block party . ( more ) page 86 . mother superior ( cont 'd ) you and I know that life be not so simple . there will be disappointment . rude shock . and you will have vanish . how ... fortunate . christy okay , so I just get thing start . but you could build on that . you could keep it go . mother superior I be sorry , Mary clarence . I seem to have misplace my tambourine . good day , Mary clarence . christy but ... mother superior good day . christy , frustrated , leave the room . mother Superior look up , she be truly tear , a proud woman unsure of she choice . ext . convent - night the moon cast shaft of silver light down to the courtyard of the convent . most of the light in the neighborhood be out at this late hour . christy's voice ( whisper ) come on ... I have get a surprise ... int . convent kitchen - night the kitchen be dark , light only by a flicker candle carry by christy . Three more candle appear , carry by Mary Robert , Mary Patrick and Mary lazarus . the door to the freezer open , and light spill out . christy remove several pint of ice cream and distribute they to the nun . mary ROBERT ( delighted ) Ice cream ! mary patrick Mary clarence -- you should not have . where do you get this ? mary lazarus it 's a sin . it 's a wick indulgence . be this butter almond ? page 87 . christy and the nun sit on stool , enjoy they ice cream by candlelight . christy it 's contraband . do not ask . but I want to give you a treat . a sort of ... thank - you gift . mary ROBERT a thank - you ? for what ? you be the one we should be thanking . mary lazarus be there any syrup ? christy well ... see , at my old convent , I be not always ... real popular . I be sort of selfish and ... not real helpful . okay , I will say it -- I be not much of a nun . but now , thanks to all of you ... maybe I be shaping up . mary ROBERT Mary clarence , do not be silly . you be a example to we all . you have teach we so much . we be sing for the Cardinals , and then -- who know ? maybe the choir can travel -- to school , and nursing home . mary patrick maybe we can get some of the local kid to sing with we . mary lazarus we could cut a demo . look for a label . christy ( know she have to leave ) that 's true , would not that be great . of course , we never know when thing be go to change . any one of we could be transfer to another convent , tomorrow . mary ROBERT ( worried ) be you leave we ? christy ( sincerely ) oh no . we will always be together . mary lazarus that 's what diana Ross say . page 88. christy and the nun qiggle , and continue eat they ice cream , in a spirit of true friendship . mother Superior watch this scene , hide in the shadow by the door to the kitchen . she have begin to see christy in a new light . she look thoughtful , and walk off . int . las vega police department - day tate sit at he desk in the detective room , read the sport section . henry parker , the accountant for the police department , look stressful as he enter the room and head for Eddie 's glass - in office . tate glance up as parker pass he desk . tate you be too late . mulcahy just leave . parker I need he signature on some thing . they can not be process without it . tate leave them . he will sign them later . parker look annoyed -- he do not like deviation from procedure -- but after a moment of indecision , he set the file folder on tate 's desk and walk away . tate finish the newspaper and shove it aside . bore , look at he watch , then flip the file folder open and glance at its content ; routine money voucher for equipment , supplies , etc . tate be about to close the folder and shove it aside when something catch he eye . tate what the hell be this ...? he examine a money voucher for a generous donation to St. Katherine 's convent in San Francisco . it only take a moment to put two and two together , and tate scramble for he phone and dial a number . int . corridor Henry parker wait for the elevator . when it open , he 's surprised to see Eddie step out . parker tate say you be go . eddie I get all the way down to my car , and , of course -- where be the key ? page 89 . parker I leave the money voucher with he . he say you would sign they in the morning . Eddie nod and move on as parker enter the elevator . after a few step , Eddie suddenly look disturb . he pick up he pace . a little panicky , he begin to jog toward the squad room . int . vince's office Vince be on the telephone . he signal joey and willy , and they move quickly toward he . vince this be it . get ready to move . no mistake . grab she , get she to the moonlight . we meet there , and we take care of she . ( into phone ) we be on it . give I the address . Vince begin to write down the address . int . squad room tate be hunch over the telephone , talk quietly with he back to the rest of the room . the voucher for St. Katherine 's be in he hand as Eddie move quickly toward he . tate St. Katherine 's convent on East Barton . it 's gotta be the place . tate hang up the phone and boom ! Eddie hit he from behind like a linebacker , drilling he to the floor . other detective look up from they desk with confusion and alarm . Eddie pin tate to the wall and snatch the voucher from he hand . eddie you be the leak , you son-of - a-bitch ! Clarkson and another detective restrain Eddie before he can hit tate . eddie get he out of here ! downstair , in the cell ! I want he ass lock up now ! nobody dare even question Eddie at this moment , and two detective drag tate away . Eddie grab tate 's phone and dial long distance . eddie Clarkson , get on the other line . call Frisco Central . tell them to get two squad car outside St. Katherine 's convent , and stop anybody with a out - of - state license plate from get near the place . Clarkson dial quickly . Eddie listen to tate 's telephone as it ring and ring and ring . int . convent - day all the nun be in the chapel as the choir rehearse a hymn , along with gina and she girlfriend . that who be not in the choir clap they hand in rhythm . War in the background , we can hear the telephone ringing . ext . highway - day Eddie 's police car streak past a entrance ramp with the siren scream . it blaze through traffic , weaving in and out at breakneck speed . a moment later , joey and willy pull onto the highway at a fast rate . the race be on , with Eddie securely in the lead . int . convent - day in the rehearsal room , the choir member be put on they robe . christy and several nun be all try to primp in front of one small mirror . mary ROBERT the Council of Cardinals ! I be so nervous ! what if I forget the word ? christy right to Hell . just kid . where be that bus ? mary patrick it should be here any minute . mary lazarus ( with a clipboard ) dress rehearsal at four , performance at 8:30 . sharp . christy look out the window , but see no bus . ext . highway - day Eddie 's police car streak toward L.A. page 91 . ext . convent - day the neighborhood have turn out to see the choir off . banner hang from the fire escape of the building across the street : " ST . kate be - the greatest ! " , " good luck tonight ! " a Catholic school bus pull up to the convent and park in front . several nun in choir robe come outside and hurry onto the bus . a moment later , Eddie 's police car streak up to the side entrance of the convent , parking around the corner from the bus . int . convent Eddie run into the convent and find mother Superior at the bottom of the stair . eddie reverend mother ! Quick ! where 's christy ? mother superior what 's wrong ? eddie they know she 's here ! they be on they way ! mother Superior point up the stair . mother superior the rehearsal room ! mother Superior look alarmed as Eddie take the stair two at a time . int . rehearsal room look out the window , Mary Robert see the bus . mary ROBERT it 's here ! let 's go ! everyone make a final check of they appearance , and then the group leave the room to head for the bus . Mary Robert and Mary Patrick be the last to leave , except for christy . mary patrick hurry , sister ! christy get move . I be right behind you . christy primp in the mirror one last time , then leave the room . she be puzzle to suddenly see Eddie run toward she from a side staircase . page 92 . christy Eddie ...? Eddie grab she hand and pull she toward the side staircase . eddie Vince know you be here . christy ( shocked and scared ) how ? eddie Long story . his goons will be here any minute . we have get to get you out of here '- now ! christy and Eddie hurry down the step to the side entrance , and she almost trip on she choral robe . Eddie open the door and start outside , but christy stop in she track . christy I can not go with you . eddie what ? christy I have get a show -- at St. Matthew 's Cathedral . we be sing for the Cardinals . eddie you be gonna be sing for St. Peter if you do not get you ass out of here ! Eddie jerk she hand , and christy follow he reluctantly to the car . int . eddie' car Eddie take off at a fast clip up the street . as the car cruise through a intersection , christy look back at the bus with confusion and sadness . she see the other nun rush back into the convent to look for she . int . rehearsal room several member of the choir rush into the room with panic in they eye . mary patrick Mary clarence ! sister ! mary ROBERT it 's no use . she just be not here . page 93. mary patrick it do not make any sense . she be right behind I ... the horn on the school bus blow loudly down in the street . mary ROBERT we can not sing without she ! what should we do ? mary patrick ( calming herself ) we will pray -- and she will be there . the nun be calm by the tone of Mary Patrick 's voice . they leave the room to join the other on the bus . ext . STREET - day Eddie 's police car streak through crowded street . int . eddie' car christy still look unsettle . christy Eddie -- I have get to go back . they will not sing without I . I be desert they . eddie I think they would understand . christy that 's not the point ! they need I ! Eddie glance at she , impressed by the influence the convent have have . eddie they need you ? a bunch of nun ? for what ? Moral guidance ? make - up tip ? christy you do not get it ! it 's a big thing for they , it 's like ... caesar 's Palace . prime-time . they be sing for the Cardinals . it 's like ... " Star search . " if first prize be a trip to the vatican . they have work really hard , they deserve this . eddie ( goad she ) nun ? page 94 . christy they be not nun . they be like .. people . with one outfit . ext . convent - day joey and willy park they car in front of the convent , get out quickly and climb the step to the front door . they ring the bell . joey so that guy in the bar be right ? she 's like ... some kind of nun ? willy yeah , right -- when I see it . lawanda and she friend watch joey and willy pound on the convent door . lawanda you dude look for nun ? they all go to St. Matthew 's . joey St , Matthew 's ? thanks . lawanda praise the Lord . joey and willy run past the girl , get into they car and take off . int . eddie be car - day Eddie glance at the dashboard and see that the fuel gauge be close to empty . he wheel into a gas station and pull up to the tank . christy start to open the door , but he stop she . eddie what be you do ? christy even nun have to pee . he let she go , then get out to pump gas . int . women' room christy enter the bathroom ; it be desert . she fondle she rosary bead , and sink to she knee . this position do not work for she ; she stand . she look around she ; she glance up , toward heaven . she decide to do thing simply , and speak in a matter - of - fact tone . page 95 . christy okay , it 's I . Mary clarence . christy . it 's Chris Carter . I need some help here . I can not believe I be do this . okay , look , I know I should just get back in the car , and get the hell out of here . save my skin . I mean , it 's not wrong , Vince really want to kill I . why do you make guy like Vince ? but if I do not sing at St. Matthew 's ... Mary Robert . Mary Patrick . it mean so much to they . they be count on I -- and I like that . maybe reverend mother be right , maybe I be a bad influence , maybe I be just some Vegas slut , but ... can we cut a deal here ? I mean , I still do not believe in , like , most of the commandment , and stuff in church still give I the willy , but -- if I go back and sing , if I do a good deed , will you promise I will not get kill ? all I want be a sign . lightn . Thunder . anything . suddenly , christy hear the toilet flush in the next bathroom . christy ( in disbelief ) no. no. do not count ... suddenly , christy hear " ave maria " come from a radio or tv outside the bathroom . she look up ; a ray of sunlight illuminate a grimy , dime - store Christmas tree ornament hang from a room deodorizer . the ornament be a glittery angel ; it sparkles in the light . christy leave the bathroom , still not quite sure . ext . gas station christy look through the grimy window of the gas station office . a bored mechanic be watch a small portable tv . on the tv be a episode of " the flying nun " : Sally field , in full habit , be soar along . suddenly , christy hear the loud roar of a motorcycle start up over by one of the gas pump . the biker turn and look at christy : he have long hair , and a beard and moustache , and he look , well , a bit like Jesus . christy oh my God ... christy run up to the biker .. christy I be late for church . can I get a lift ? page 96 . christy swing onto the back seat ; the biker put he harley in gear and fly down the street . Eddie be shocked as he drop some money on the ground and jump into he car to follow . ext . ST . matthew' cathedral - day we see a network truck park in front of the landmark cathedral . int . chapel there be a sense of chaos in the chapel as technician set up television equipment , and mother Superior lead the choir as it rehearse . near the back of the chapel , Bishop o'hara look concerned over the performance of the choir . a cardinal walk up to Bishop o'hara . cardinal be this the choir you have be speak so highly of , Bishop ? o'hara they be just a bit nervous . they will be fine . the choir seem very demoralize as they finish the hymn . Mary Patrick be close to tear . mary patrick we sound terrible we need Mary clarence . mary lazarus we be lose it . mary ROBERT I do not understand . where be she ? mother superior her whereabouts be unknown , and we must proceed without she . pull yourselves together . clap he hand briskly , the floor director suddenly step forward from behind the tv camera and hustle the choir away from the altar . floor director okay , sister , we have to move on now . that be great , just great . Charlie , throw a spot on the pulpit . let 's get a balance . dispirite , the choir leave the altar and walk toward the back of the church . page 97 . ext . los angele STREET the motorcycle fly through the street , break every traffic law on the book . christy 's robe flap behind she in the wind , and she have a wide smile as she ride . as passersby stare at she , she hold out two finger and bless they . ext . ST . matthew' cathedral Mary Robert stand alone in front of the cathedral , wring she hand with worry . suddenly , she face brighten like the dawn as she see christy ride up . mary ROBERT you be here ! thank goodness ! int . cathedral christy and Mary Robert rush down a side corridor , turn a corner and see two tv technician stand near some cable with the letter of the network embroider on the back of they jacket . christy rush up to they and tap they on the shoulder . christy Excuse I -- where 's the rehearsal room ? the two technician turn toward she , and she be horrify to see they be . joey and willy . christy gasp as willy stick a gun in she rib . joey smile at she . joey the rehearsal room be right this way . joey open a door that lead to a alley behind the cathedral . Mary Robert look confuse . mary ROBERT wait , this be not the way . who be you ? christy they be from my old convent . christy suddenly lift she knee into willy 's groin , and he buckle over . she scramble for the gun , but joey beat she to it . christy look frantically at Mary Robert . christy run ! take off ! mary ROBERT again ? revived willy lunge for Mary Robert and grab she . the two man hustle the two struggle nun out the door to the alley . page 98 . ext . alley - day joey and willy wrestle the two nun to the open door of they car . they shove christy and Mary Robert into the back seat , and willy climb in next to they . willy go! joey start the car , and it take off with squealing tire . willy have he gun point at christy , who sit beside Mary Robert . mary ROBERT but what do they want ? where be we go ? christy ( to joey and willy ) she 's get nothing to do with this . let she go . joey yeah , right to the cop . no way . christy Mary Robert , do not panic . remember what we talk about ? experience ? joey what ? christy ( quickly , to Mary Robert ) you can handle this . the car come to a stop at a intersection . christy reach across Mary Robert and open the car door . she shove Mary Robert into the street . christy go! Mary Robert execute a perfect somersault onto the sidewalk . she look to heaven , cross herself and run back to the cathedral . willy grab christy before she can escape . joey she 's gettin ' away ! willy forget she ! we get the one we need ! step on it ! joey take off again . page 99 . ext . STREET Eddie 's car be tie up in traffic , but he turn on he blinker light and peel over to the opposite lane . Cars stop to let he through . int . ST . matthew' cathedral - day in the rehearsal room , Mary Robert have just finish tell the nun what happen to christy . mary patrick you mean -- they kidnap she ? mary ROBERT yes -- two man -- and they have gun . mother superior she should not have come back . she know she be in danger . mary patrick but -- why would anyone kidnap a nun ? mary lazarus be they Catholic ? mother Superior suddenly step forward . mother superior she be not a nun . her real name be christy Van cartier , and she be a professional entertainer . she witness a vicious crime , and have be hide in we convent . the nun all react with shock and emotion . mary ROBERT a ... entertainer ? mary patrick she be not a nun ? another nun she lie to we ? mary ROBERT but ... but ... she be such a wonderful nun . mary patrick look what she do with the choir . she make we sing beautifully . mary lazarus that should have tip we . page 100 . mary ROBERT well , I do not care who she be . we can not sing without she ! mary patrick she 's we inspiration ! mary lazarus she 's the act ! mary ROBERT reverend mother , I know that you and Mary clarence do not always agree , but -- we have get to help she . mary patrick we have get to save she ! mary lazarus we can not leave it up to the fed ! the nun all look to mother Superior for a answer . mother superior calm down . think clearly . Mary Robert , do you have any idea who that man be ? mary ROBERT she say they be from she old convent . mother superior but ... she be a showgirl . she do not have a old convent . mary patrick she tell we about one . the Little sister of the moonlight . in Las Vegas . mother superior all right . it 's a beginning . Las Vegas , nevada . all the nun hurriedly cross themselves . mother superior Mary lazarus , find the Bishop and tell he the situation . everyone else -- follow I . mother Superior lead the way out the door . ext . STREET - night the Driver sit at the wheel of the school bus , read a sleazy novel . he look up as the nun all converge on the door . page 101 mother superior emergency ! open up ! the Driver open the door . mother superior the San Francisco airport ! immediately ! the nun be all zoom past the Driver , onto the bus . mary lazarus ( to the Driver ) step on it ! Mary lazarus grab the Driver 's sleazy novel , confiscate it . the Driver start the engine . as the bus drive off , Eddie 's car streak into the scene and park in front of the cathedral . int . ST . matthew' cathedral Eddie rush into the lobby and see Bishop o'hara . eddie where be she ? o'hara there be a kidnap . we think Las Vegas . Eddie turn and race back toward the car . ext . san francisco airport - night several small plane be park on the tarmac . mother Superior and the nun be argue with the manager of the airport , a grouchy guy in grease- stain overall . manager Fifteen hundred for the run to Vegas . rock-bottom . mary patrick but we do not have fifteen hundred ! mary ROBERT we be nun ! the manager start back toward he office . manager can not help you . no exception . mother superior Young man ! page 102 . the voice have a powerful ring of authority to it , and the manager look around . manager what ? mother superior we be nun . we pray . manager so ? mother superior we pray for good thing . food for the hungry . mary patrick peace on Earth . mother superior however , we can also pray for other thing . mary patrick measle . mary ROBERT lawsuit . mary lazarus tax audit . there be a pause , as the manager stare at the nun in horror . mother superior come , sister . let 's go to chapel . bring you bead . the nun begin to leave . manager wait ! ext . night sky - later a plane sweep through the desert sky , head for Las Vegas . through the window of the plane , we see nun stare out at the glitter city in the distance . int . moonlight casino - night pack with gambler , the room be a flurry of activity . joey work he way through the crowd , then spot Vince near the money cage . joey we get she . page 103 . Vince follow joey out of the casino with a grim expression . int . storage room Vince and joey enter a storage room that be cluttere with box . christy be tie to a chair in the back of the room , with willy stand guard over she . christy sit very calmly , despite the anger she be in . she seem distinctly nun-like in she radiant serenity . vince ( turn on the charm ) Babe . christy do not reply . vince Babe , what happen here ? look at you . christy good evening , Vincent . vince what , Vincent ? this be I , doll . I know you . what do you think you be do ? running to the cop . hiding out . no , no . you be sorry now , be not you ? christy I be sorry for all my sin . and yours . Vince , willy and joey all look at each other , perplex . willy she 's a nun , Vince . vince ( kneel by christy ) I love you , Chris . I always will . I give you so much . my time . my affection . a big -time career . and how do you repay I ? what 's the thanks I get ? where 's the loyalty , huh ? where 's the love ? christy you will be judge , Vincent . we all will . Vince stand ; the charm have not work . he 's get angry . vince what do you mean -- judge ? I do not get judge , baby . ( more ) page 104 . vince ( cont 'd ) and who be you to talk ? you be nothing . you could not even sing . I must have be out of my mind . willy she 's act weird , Vince . ever since we pick she up . joey it 's spooky . it 's like she be not even afraid or nothing . Vince grab the front of christy 's habit and squeeze it tightly around she throat . vince she 's afraid . come on , tell the boy you be afraid . christy ( calmly ) I feel sorry for you , Vincent . and I forgive you . this really throw Vince , and anger he further . he glare at christy , and then release she . he turn to joey and willy . vince who give a damn ? waste she . joey and willy look a little unsure as Vince storm out of the room . int . plane the nun be mesmerize by the bright skyline with its colorful flash of neon . mary patrick it 's so beautiful ... mary ROBERT and what a lovely name . Las Vegas ... mother superior and gommorah . the plane set down at the Vegas airport . mother Superior and the nun climb out . int . bar area joey and willy find Vince near the bar . page 105 . vince it 's do ? joey not ... totally . vince ( disturb ) what 's the problem ? willy she 's ... she 's a nun . vince be you nut ? she 's not a nun . it 's christy . she 's a babe ! joey but , Vince , how do you know she do not like , join up and become a nun when she be in that convent ? vince it do not happen . willy she be real quiet and peaceful all the way back in the car . joey no smart - ass remark or nothing . vince I can not believe this . okay , I want both you guy to go back there , and both of you shoot she at the same time . joey yeah ... willy right . that way we would never know which bullet get to she brain and kill she first . it could always be the other guy . they all look happy with this solution as joey and willy leave . int . storeroom christy still show no sign of fear as joey and willy take out they gun . joey okay , we get one - two - three , and on three we both shoot . get it ? page 106 . willy get it . joey point he gun at christy 's leave temple , and willy point he gun at she right temple . joey one ... two ... christy close she eye . joey Three ! neither man shoot . they look at each other with anger . christy open she eye . joey you do not shoot ! willy neither do you ! joey I figure if you be gonna , then I would not have to . willy that 's what I figure , too . ext . las vega heliport the nun leave the terminal and stand on the sidewalk out front . mary ROBERT Las Vegas -- she 's here somewhere . mother superior but where ? mary patrick look ! there she be ! Mary Patrick be point to a group of billboard that feature huge ad for the local hotel and casinos . the center billboard have a splashy picture of a roulette wheel , the elvis impersonator , and christy and the ronelle . the bottom part of the billboard show the name of the moonlight casino and Lounge . mary ROBERT the Little sister of the moonlight ! mary patrick but how do we get there ? page 107 . mother superior stand back . ( she stride into the road ) taxi ! int . casino once again , joey and willy find Vince . vince well ? joey it do not work , Vince . vince you be both suppose to put you gun to she head and shoot . willy we both miss . vince okay , so the problem be still the nun outfit , right ? joey right . vince so , take it off . willy ( shocked ) Strip down a nun ? you want we to fry ? joey for like , twelve zillion eternity ? vince I be tell you , she 's not a nun ! get she out of the nun outfit , and put she in some clothes . joey maybe pants . willy a sweater . joey and then we can ice she . no nun , no evil eye . joey and willy be very confident about this solution . they strut off , pleased with themselves . page 108 . ext . las vega airport - night Eddie stride out of the airport ; he take a later flight than the nun . a squad car be wait ; Clarkson beckon he . clarkson Lieutenant ! Eddie jump in the car . Clarkson turn on the red bubble light and the siren , and the car zoom off . int . storage room - night joey and willy return to the storage room , look confident of they mission this time . christy glance up at they as they enter , and willy begin to untie she . willy we get it all work out . he work the rope free , and christy rub she wrist to get circulation back again . joey okay , christy -- strip . christy what ? joey that ... thing . that nun thing . take it off . christy suddenly drop to she knee and begin to pray . willy what 's she do ? joey she 's praying . christy and God bless joey and willy , who be only try to do they job . ( fake Latin ) pox fibula tibia vobiscum . et marcus domino 's pizza . have mercy . amen. ( she look up at the guy ) I be finish now . help I up . as joey and willy bend down to help she up , christy suddenly grab they neckty in each hand . with a fierce jerk , she pull the neckty with all she might , smash joey 's head against willy 's . page 109 . stun , joey and willy stagger backward , hold they head . christy scramble out the door while the two man groan in pain . int . corridor joey and willy burst out of the room with gun draw . at the far end of the corridor , they spot a glimpse of black clothing as christy start down the stair . joey there she go ! she 's take the stair I they run quickly after she . int . stairway christy run down the stair as a shot ring out . christy scream and run even faster . int . casino a door swing open into the casino , and christy appear , look frantic . a muffled shot be hear behind she , and she sprint into the casino . second later , joey and willy appear . joey find Vince and tell he what happen . I will take this side of the room . willy hurry away to find Vince , and joey start search the crowd . ext . the moonlight HOTEL and casino Three cab roar up in front of the building and nun tumble out . int . casino entrance the nun enter the casino and stop dead in they track . before they be a large room fill with glitter and sin , the SOUND of jackpot and crap table . mother superior brace yourselves , sister . in unison , the nun all cross themselves . mother superior spread out and look for Mary clarence . try to blend in . the nun spread to every part of the room , look for christy . page 110 . int . casino a blackjack table ; a game be in progress , with several player . Mary Patrick rush up to the table . mary patrick Excuse I -- have anyone see a nun ? mary ROBERT a benedictine . the croupier and the player stare at the two nun . int . casino christy be make she way past a roulette table . suddenly , she see joey come toward she , make he way through the crowd . christy grab the arm of a salesman play roulette . croupier place you bet . christy ( to the salesman ) Red 21 . salesman you sure ? how do you know ? christy look up to heaven . salesman ( to the croupier ) Red 21 . joey stand at the opposite side of the roulette table , glaring at christy . the crowd around the table watch christy for a moment , then they all put they chip down on Red 21 . joey start work he way around the table toward christy as the croupier spin the wheel . the ball fall into a slot . croupier Black 14 . everyone at the table turn toward christy , outrage . she give they a reprimand look . christy do you learn something ? christy suddenly realize that joey be almost at she side . she shove the salesman against he and run away . page 111 . int . casino we see two long row of slot machine , with gambler work every machine . willy appear at one end of the row , scan the area for christy . he see a nun crossing at the far end of the row , and she move out of sight . willy head in that direction . someone hit a jackpot behind he , and he turn toward the sound . as he do . he see another nun crossing at the opposite end of the row of machine . willy turn again -- now he see three nun crossing at the opposite end . he look confuse , and do not know which way to turn . ext . parking lot - night Eddie drive up in the squad car and park near the back door . eddie ( to Clarkson ) Close off the block , but do not move in till I tell you . Eddie jump out of the car and hurry inside . int . blackjack area as christy move past a blackjack game , she suddenly see Vince move toward she . turn quickly , she move away from Vince , but suddenly see joey come toward she from the opposite direction . trapped for a moment , she have panic in she eye . suddenly she be flanke by mother Superior and Mary Patrick . christy what be you do here ? mother superior save you . move ! the nun surround christy and head through the crowd in a cluster . joey and Vince pursue they from different direction . just before they catch they , mother Superior bark a order . mother superior break ! the nun split up , each take a different direction . Vince and joey look bewilder . vince get she ! joey which one ! page 112 . vince the nun ! Vince , joey and willy each pick a nun and follow she . Vince catch up to a nun , whom we only see from the rear . he grab she shoulder . vince Babe . the nun spin around ; it be mother Superior . mother superior sweetheart . Vince release she and frantically search the crowd again . joey catch up with he nun , only to find it be Mary Patrick . the shell game have work ; christy have escape for the moment . int . slot machine area we find Eddie scan the floor and see nun spread out everywhere . he talk quietly into he walkie-talkie . eddie move in . seal off the exit , but do not come inside till I tell you . int . casino Vince , joey and willy run into each other in the center of the casino . willy there 's nun everywhere ! hundred of them ! all the nun suddenly come together , and see that the exit be block by Vince and he hood . Vince spot christy in the center of the group . vince there she be ! joey which one ? christy see Vince point at she . christy Quick , there 's another way out of here . follow I . page 113. christy run toward a set of glass door set off to one side . the other nun follow she . vince she 's head for the lounge ! go ! Vince , joey and willy head for the lounge . across the room , Eddie see christy and the cluster of nun head through the glass door . he bark into he walkie-talkie . eddie move in -- now ! int . lounge the lounge be desert between show , and all the light be out . the mobster enter with gun draw . joey I can not see anything in here ! vince willy -- hit the light . willy where ? vince find them ! willy move off to find the light switch . there be a flash of black and white fabric behind some chair . joey there ! before he can shoot , there be another flash of fabric on the opposite side of the room . vince ( aim ) no -- there ! and a third flash of fabric near the stage . joey over there ! willy have find the light , and the lounge be suddenly brightly light . the mobster blink for a moment , then find all the nun bunched together in a corner , try to find a exit . vince freeze ! everybody ! page 114 . the nun turn and face the mobster , shield christy . vince joey ? joey where be she ? christy step forward , to the front of the stage . christy right here . let the other go -- they have nothing to do with this . vince joey -- do it . joey but , boss -- she 's still , you know , a nun . vince she 's a broad ! get it ! just some broad ! mother Superior step forward . mother superior ( with authority ) I guarantee you , she be no broad . she be sister Mary clarence , of St. Katherine 's convent . she be a model of generosity , virtue and love . you have my word , gentleman . she be a nun . willy hear that ? now be not you glad we do not shoot she ? Vince have have enough . facing christy , he raise the gun and point it right between christy 's eye , only inch away . the nun all recoil with horror . blam ! the gun go off , but christy be not hit . she blink she eye open , shocked to be alive . instead , it 's Vince who fall , crumpling to the floor , and clutching he shoulder . across the room , Eddie hold a smoking police revolver . the nun all swarm around christy joyously . mary ROBERT Mary clarence -- you be alive ! mary patrick ( smile ) christy . page 115 . mary lazarus ( also smile ) Van cartier . christy you know ? about I ? about everything ? christy break away from the jubilant nun . she face mother Superior . christy reverend mother -- thank -you . mother superior oh ? christy you save my life . mother superior I be a Christian . Police pour into the room and gather up joey , willy and Vince . Eddie walk over to christy and mother Superior . eddie do not you have a concert to go to ? christy that depend . sister , you do not know this , but reverend mother 's be make all sort of noise about resign . that 's bad news . I do not know if we could sing , if we think that be true . mary ROBERT not a note . mary patrick impossible . Mary lazarus cough , and point to she throat , as if she have laryngitis . all the other nun imitate she . christy ( to mother Superior ) then I guess you be stick . life sentence . no parole . mother superior very well . ( she turn to Eddie ) I hold you responsible for all of this , for introduce a lounge act into my convent . for utterly disrupt we way of life . and for place all of we in mortal danger . ( sincerely , with a smile ) thank - you . page 116 . angle on christy , watch this . she grin . christy yeah , Eddie , thanks a whole bunch . thanks for stick I in a convent . so you think , after all this , maybe I really be a nun ? eddie I do not know . there 's only one way to be absolutely sure . christy yeah , like what ? Eddie take christy in he arm , and they begin a kiss . as they do so , Vince struggle toward christy , as two cop hold he back . he be furious . vince I be good to you ! you be nothing but no - talent garbage ! you be a two -bit tramp ! christy ( stare at Vince , see he for the scum that he be ) that use to be true , Vince . I be with you . but something happen . and I be different now . Real --different . I have have , well , you might call it -- a religious experience . and I have get just two word for you . and that two word be ... mary ROBERT ( afraid christy will curse ) Mary clarence ! christy ( grin , to Vince ) bless you . ext . ST . matthew' cathedral people be pour into the cathedral . among they we see many Cardinals in they red uniform . int . ST . matthew' cathedral the choir have gather together in a small room off the main chapel . they be put finish touch on they choral robe , and be wait nervously to go on . mary patrick ( to christy ) I just realize -- this be the last time we will all be together . we be go to miss you so much . page 117 . christy and Mary Patrick embrace . Mary Patrick be tearful . christy hey -- you be suppose to be the cheerful one . why do I suddenly feel like snow White ? mary lazarus ( to christy , with humor ) you be okay -- for a civilian . christy and Mary lazarus embrace . mary ROBERT reverend mother ? mother superior yes ? mary ROBERT since Mary clarence come to St. Katherine 's , I have be shot at , kidnap by mafia hit man , and I have taste beer . be that enough experience yet ? for final vow ? christy I do not think so . what about skydiving ? a crank call to billy Graham ? mother superior you have evidence great maturity , Mary Robert . we shall have a serious discussion . christy what about I , reverend mother ? I think you be right . I be just a bad influence . sister show biz . mother superior perhaps not . perhaps we can all use ... a little spandex . christy really ? and maybe short habit , and woman priest , and sleep late ? mother superior do not push it . christy and mother Superior embrace . int . chapel the chapel be pack to the rafter . the first few row of pews be occupy by Cardinals . Television camera glide up and down the aisle , angle for shot of the altar . page 118. the choir stand together on the altar with christy in front . behind they stand a much larger , all - city choir . christy give the nod to sister alma , and the organ vamp begin . mary ROBERT I be downhearted christy it 's true ! mary ROBERT I be hell - bound , yes that's what they say satan be waiting christy do not you know it ! mary ROBERT but the lord come to I christy what do he say ? mary ROBERT he say , sing the devil away ! mary patrick my soul be in danger i'd fallen from grace christy it 's true -- I know she . mary patrick damnation be all I could see christy what a shame ! mary patrick but then come a angel who whispered these word christy pay attention ... mary patrick sing and the devil will flee ! christy be you wick ? choir sing ! christy be you tempt ? choir sing ! sing and you spirit will soar ! page 119 . in the front row , mother Superior be try to resist the music . she give in , and start bob she head to the beat . beside she , Eddie look very proud as he eye meet christy 's . christy but I be fearful ! choir sing ! christy and I be tearful ! choir sing ! christy yes i'll sing and know joy evermore christy / choir do you troubles bind you if yoo 're deep in woe you can banish gloom if you try find a song within you let it fill you day just sing mary ROBERT sing ! choir just sing ! mary patrick sing ! mary lazarus just sing ! christy sing ! christy / choir sing and say devil , goodbye ! the entire congregation be ecstatic , as the song conclude with a glorious final flourish . fade out : the end