six degree of separation written by John guare April 1992 1 int kittredge's apartment live room dawn JOHN flander kittredge and louisa kittredge ( " flan " and " ouisa " ) , a attractive couple in they 40s , in they night clothes be in a uncharacteristic state of shock . some sort of horrible disaster have happen to they . they survey they live room which under normal circumstance would appear to be a serene haven . but why be they - so aghast ? and terrify ? have the apartment be violate ? the fifth Avenue apartment , red and cozy , threadbare with the legacy of year of kid and dog run in and out , be fill with beautiful object choose with care . even though the apartment be 19th century in feel , a lot of modern painting hang on the wall . no . no visible disaster here . but then why flan and ouisa 's emotional state ? they run between the hall and the live room . ouisa be anything go ? ouisa open the front closet with trepidation . but nothing leap out . she see a mink be still there .. flaw how can I look ? I be shaking . ouisa my god ! the kandinsky ! 0 uisa run into the live room . she can see by the discoloration on that wall that a painting be miss . ouisa y it 's go ! call the police ! flan there it be ! a early abstract painting by kandinsky lean against a Philadelphia chippendale chair : the painting be wild and brilliantly color . 0 uisa thank god ! she pick the painting up and flip it around . it 's a double sided painting . the artist , kandinsky , have paint in different style on either side of the canvas . 2 one side of the painting be geometric and somber ; the other side be all chaos and brilliant color . ouisa replace the frame canvas on the wall where it belong , but the side she choose to display be the geometric side . she admire it . flan open the door from the hall into the office . a computer . calendar . file cabinet . bulletin board with print of painting tack on . flan check - the slide projector be there . flan open and close cabinet drawer . ouisa appear in the doorway of the office . ouisa we could have be kill . flan do not say that . the silver victorian inkwell ! flan run past ouisa down the hall back to the live room . ouisa follow he back into the live room . flan look on a antique table crowded with frame family photograph go way back in time and all kind of memento . ouisa how can you think of thing ? we could have be murder . flan I want to know if anything 's go ? he pick up a ornate victorian inkwell cap by a silver beaver and look at it with great objectivity .. flan there 's the inkwell . Silver beaver . why ? ouisa , drain , look out the window down onto Central Park . ouisa slashed --- we throat slashed . go to bed at night happy and then murder . would we have - wake up ? ouisa scream . 3 but it 's they pug dog lick she leg . ouisa pick up the dog and pet it . flan remember something and bury he face in he hand . flan we have to go to the wedding . ouisa I be in no mood to go to any wedding . flan we have to ouisa they be you friend flan I beg to differ . they be you fr - flan stop , frighten suddenly , listen . flan hello ? ouisa run to he , terrify . he hold her . ouisa ( whisper ) you do not call out hello unless -- they walk softly to the dark hall . flan I think we could tell if someone else be here . ouisa we do not all night . they look down the silent dark hall . int the white wall somewhere else we do not know where we be yet but it 's certainly not the kittredge be . the rain drum outside and the distant thunder and the soft cool jazz play make the air of this room with the white wall , wherever it be , claustrophobic , even erotic . a young black man whose name be paul come into frame and lean against this white wall . right off , you say this young man be a winner . paul frown , then smile . right into the camera . paul ( serious ) hello . ( flirtatious ) hello . ( questioning ) hello ? ( suspicious ) hello ... ( elate ) hello ! yes . hello . someone off screen clap . paul bow to the off screen presence . ext kittredge's apartment build 910 fifth avenue day ouisa and flan run out of they apartment building , they clothes hastily pull on , they face swollen with shock . they run down the side street into the garage . they car be wait - a mercede - flan slip the attendant a bill . flan get in the driver 's seat . ouisa get in the passenger seat . flan ( a statement of fact ) I be shaking . ouisa then I will drive . flan I have to hang on . 5 T ouisa let 's just get there int the white wall the sound of the rain , the jazz , the thunder . paul bottle of beer . bottle of beer . bottle of beer . a unseen young man off camera speak - elegant phrasing . voice bottle of beer . paul bottle - of beer . voice very good . you owe I . paul take off he shirt . he 's strongly build . he throw the shirt directly into the camera . ext henry hudson parkway day flan be drive terrifically fast . ouisa put on a tape . maria callas sing the death scene from La traviata . ouisa be care - ! a car veer by . flan swerve he car . ouisa let I drive ! flan ( furious ) driving calm I ! ouisa when you be in one of this mood you do not drive well and I do not want to be kill today . flan we could have be kill last night . ouisa stop say that ! 6 ! flan pull himself together . he move over to the slow lane . flan I be drive slowly . see. slowly . ouisa I go in the room first . flan look for sign . flan where 's the goddam turnoff onto the taconic ? a truck veer and almost hit they . ouisa you do not see what I see ! flan put on brake . flan it 's that fuck Maria callas ! turn that damn thing off ! flan snap off the tape deck . they resume drive . ouisa it 's not Maria callas . it 's that truck and you . flan and last night . the countryside speed by . ext ST peter' episcopal church lithgow , new york day lot of car park in front of this sweet rural wooden chapel near millbrook , New York . the bride , 20 , get out of a limo escort by she father . ouisa and flan run up to the bride and kiss she . ouisa happy be the bride the sun shine on bride ( alarm ) you look horrible ! ouisa ( bright ) no no ! could have be kill . all fine ! 7 father what ? flan wonderful wedding . wonderful day . they run into the chapel . this . perfect country chapel with a dozen or so row of pews be bedeck with flower and light by candle . a string quartet at the side of the little altar play dvorak 's american quartet . the usher in morning clothes , greet flan and ouisa and show they to they pew . usher bride 's side ? Groom 's side . flan either side . I can not even remember how we meet they . why be we here ? they walk down the aisle , head down . ouisa do not make a scene . they kneel . flan ( whisper ) now I lay I down to sleep - the most terrifying word just think of it - ouisa ( whisper ) I pray the Lord my soul to keep - flan ( whisper ) the nightmare part - if I should die before I wake - ouisa ( whisper ) if I should die - I pray the Lord my soul to take - couple in the pew in front turn . a man , a woman , strangely not unlike flan and ouisa , perhaps a few year older , perhaps more nautical as if they would fly a in from nantucket , be name sandy and connie . sandy be anything wrong ? ouisa we be almost murder flan throat slashed the people in the pew in front gasp . flan and ouisa be serious . the quartet play the wedding March . everyone stand . the bride and she father walk down the aisle . cu ouisa' face lose in think . Bright vivid color fill the screen . later we will learn they be from a double - sided painting by kandinsky , which hang in the kittredge's live room . ouisa ( vo ) Chaos . ouisa be face appear briefly , smile , then be replace by dark , geometric pattern . the other side of the painting . it be lower to reveal ouisa very serious . ouisa ( vo ) Control . ( the painting be flip . ) Chaos . ( ouisa smile . flip it again . frown . ) Control . back in the chapel ouisa , still frown at she memory , realize the wedding ceremony be over . the bride and the GROOM run up the aisle beam at everyone to the strain of lohengrin . but even they slow down when they see the state flan and ouisa be in . GROOM be everything all flan snap out of it , put on he party smile . 9 flan we always get this way at wedding . the bride and GROOM resume they run up the aisle . it 's flan and ouisa 's turn to leave the pew and go up the aisle . she be stricken . ouisa I do not always get this way at wedding . flan we be alive . they walk up the aisle into the foyer of the chapel . she put she head into he shoulder . ouisa oh , it be awful awful awful awful . then ouisa and flan put on they best smile as they pass through a receive line , finally shaking hand with the wedding couple . bride do you say you could have be kill ? ouisa ( merry ) yes ! only hour ago ! flan ( merry ) but we be here ! ouisa would not miss it ! the bride and GROOM look after they . ext the millbrook golf and tennis club day a spankingly bright and solid country club in millbrook New York situate on the golf course grounds surround by lot of tennis court . int millbrook club day the wedding guest file into the cheery club , all bright white and a shade of cheery green that only country club seem to find . more guest than could for it into the chapel be here in the club wait for the bride and Groom . flan and ouisa hesitate before go into the ballroom . 10 they stop in the small quiet dark clubby bar . they sit at a small table , pull themselves together . sandy and connie ( the people from the pew in front of they ) come up to they . a woman who look like a dormouse be with they . she be name julia . sandy we hate to pry - flan no no . you be not pry connie but what happen - sandy this be we friend Julia flan do we know each other ? julia oh yes through ... 9 flan of course . have not see they in year flan shake hand with the new acquaintance . connie we be worried for you flan and ouisa look at each other . ouisa tell they ! sandy and connie and julia sit down at the small table . flan we be have a wonderful evening last night . ouisa a friend we have not see for many year come by for dinner . I do not think you know he - flan ( portentously ) geoffrey Miller . from South Africa -- ouisa do not say it so portentously . 11 flan ( bright ) geoffrey from South Africa . ouisa do not be ga-ga . ( they give they order to the bartender . ) something large . sandy I do not know geoffrey be in town . julia I see he at susie baxter 's sandy I be not at susie baxter 's connie Sandy forget he be marry to susie baxter . the waiter go . savoy that 's no reason why she can not invite I to a party . connie whisper to julia , she eye on flan . connie he 's a art dealer . julia nod now that 's she 's remember . flan ( hear it ) private sale . purchase . ouisa lean forward . somehow the tell calm her . the chum lean forward . ouisa we know geoffrey flan through we child when geoffrey and he family all live in New York . ouisa they have move back to South Africa . flan he be here in New York briefly on business and ask we to ask he for dinner . 12 ouisa he 's King Midas rich . literally . gold mine . the waiter put down the tray of drink . flan seventy thousand worker in just one gold mine . ouisa but he be always short of cash because he government will not let its people -- flan its white people -- ouisa -- its white people take out any money . so it 's like take in a War baby . ( to waiter ) thank you . that one 's mine - they switch drink . flan when he call it be like a bolt from the blue as I have a deal come up and be short by ouisa two million flan put down he drink . flan the figure be superfluous ouisa turn to connie . ouisa I hate when he use the word " superfluous " . I mean , we need two million and we have not see geoffrey in a long time and while geoffrey might not have the price of a dinner he easily might have two million dollar . flan the current last night be very churny . cuisa we be not suck up . we like geoffrey . 13 flan it 's that awful thing of have truly rich folk for friend . ouisa face it . the money do get in the - flan only if you let it . the fact of the money should not get in - ouisa have a rich friend be like drown and you friend make life boat . but the friend get very touchy if you say one word : life boat . ( the chum laugh . ) well , that 's two word . we be afraid we South African friend might say " you only love I for my . life boat ? " but we like geoffrey . connie I know who he be now . julia Lovely man . X sandy do not he invite we to visit he ? flan it be not a life- threaten evening . ouisa - Rich people can do something for you even if you be not sure what it is`you want they to do . they turn at the sound of applause . the bride and GROOM have enter the country Club and we table in the bar look up as the wedding party pass by for a moment rush past the bar into the ballroom . off in the ballroom the SMALL orchestra strike up " just one of that thing " for the ten thousandth time . everyone in the club be applaud and our table applaud too . ouisa start to rise . ouisa should we ? connie not on you life . connie pull ouisa back down to the table . 14 flan signal another round . flan hardly a life Boat evening - ouisa sit , enjoy this . ouisa ( sing - song ) portentous . flan but when geoffrey call and ask we to take he for dinner , he make a sudden pattern in life 's little tea leave because who want to go to bank ? flan's voice take we back to last night int the kittredge .'s live room night flan ( vo ) geoffrey call and we tempest settle into shower and life be manageable . what more can you want ? geoffrey stand up into the frame , a elegant , impeccably british South African , more English than the English , ten year older than ouisa and flan . flan and ouisa be both dress very stylishly and nattily tonight . but not trendy , not so it show . flan be definitely a athlete and he still keep himself in trim . if he 's in the art world , there 's nothing arty about he . geoffrey listen . ouisa stop do what she 's do which be roll out a drink trolley with little hor d'oeuvre on plate . flan stop do what he 's do which be check that a slide projector be in place on the desk along side the silver beaver inkwell . flan and ouisa both tense . flan what 's wrong ? 15 geoffrey it always amaze I when New York be so quiet . ouisa and flan relax and laugh . ouisa with the kid away , we get use to a lower noise quotient . flan pour a drink for geoffrey . flan geoffrey , you have to move out of South Africa . you will be kill . why do you stay in South Africa ? geoffrey one have to stay there to educate the black worker and we will know we have be successful when they kill we . flan Planning the revolution that will destroy you . ouisa sit back on the comfy sofa amaze at the think . ouisa put you life on the line . geoffrey you do not think of it like that . I wish you would come visit . ouisa take she drink and stroke the ear of she dog . ouisa but we would visit you and sit in you gorgeous house plan trip into the township demand to see the poorest of the poor . " be you sure they be the worst off ? I mean , we have come all this way . we do not want to see people just mildly victimize by apartheid . we demand shock . " it do not seem right sit on the East side talk about revolution . flan only small murky cafe for pepe le noko here . ouisa no. La passionaria . I will come to South Africa and build barricade and lean against they , sing . 16 flan and the people would follow . ouisa " follow follow follow " . what 's that song ? flan the way Gorbachev cheer on the strike coal miner in the Ukraine - yes , you must strike - it be you role in history to dismantle this system . Russia and Poland - you can not believe the development in the world - ( he remember : ) " the fantasticks " ( sing : ) " follow follow follow " . ouisa China . flan and ouisa ( despair ) oh. geoffrey oy vay China . as my grandmother would say . we role in history . and we offer ourselves up to it . flan that be you role in history . not we role . ouisa ponder this think . ouisa a role in history . to say that so easily . geoffrey suddenly get up and look through the telescope by the window . geoffrey' Pov geoffrey flash down nine floor into Central Park . he frown in puzzlement when he see a statue of a alaskan husky bay up into the sky . flan and ouisa look at geoffrey 's back and then at each other . how to keep the ball roll ? flan ( to geoffrey ) do you want another drink before we -- 17 geoffrey turn into the room . geoffrey wonderful view . ouisa the phrase - strike coal miner - I see all this very strike coal miner modell the fall fashion . geoffrey where should we ? flan there 's good szechuan . and hunan . ouisa the sign painter screw up the sign . instead of the hunan wok , he paint the human wok . geoffrey God ! the restaurant ! New York have become the Florence of the sixteenth century . genius on every corner . ouisa I do not think genius have kiss the human wok . they finish off they drink . geoffrey the new italian look cheery . flan and ouisa good . flan we make reservation . flan look at the slide projector . flan geoffrey , I would like to show - flan be sentence hang in mid-air as geoffrey follow ouisa into the hall . ouisa burrow in the closet get she coat and geoffrey 's coat out of the hall closet stuff with tennis racket and skis and boot . 18 ouisa this restaurant - they wrap ravioli up like salt water taffy . flan appear behind her to help her . they both wrestle the coat out of the closet . flan six on a plate for a few hundred dollar . and flan get the coat . a clatter of tennis racket fall . geoffrey take he topcoat . geoffrey you have to come to South Africa so I can pay you back . I will take you on my plane into the okavango swamp - ouisa do you hear - to take back to johannesburg . out in eastharpton flan last weekend ouisa a guy go into one of the better food store - flan Dean and deluca - flan help ouisa on with she coat . ouisa one of the Dean and deluca look alike . get a pack of cigarettes and a ice cream bar . go up front . see there 's a line at the register . slap down two twenty dollar bill and go out . geoffrey do not get the anecdote . flan we send it to the Times . geoffrey smile politely . flan and ouisa press a little bit too hard . ouisa they have the joke page of thing around New York . iv 19 flan they send you a bottle of champagne . they all laugh brightly . int millbrook club bar the chum listen enrapt . ouisa be serious . ouisa we be not audition but I keep think two million dollar two million dollar . flan it 's like when people say - do not think about elephant ' and all you can think about be elephant elephant elephant . ouisa two million dollar two million dollar . back in the kittredge's live room ouisa and flan laugh brightly . the front doorbell ring . ouisa and flan look at each other . who be that ? ouisa go into the hall . ouisa what ever you do , do not think about elephant . geoffrey elephant ? flan rapidly steer geoffrey to a chair , close the live room door , then wheel a projector with a carousel tray into place . flan louisa be a dada manifesto . about the cezanne - unless we be careful , it will be sell and never see again - flan switch off the room 's light and click on the projector . the slide projection of a beautiful green landscape by cezanne fill the wall by the door . 20 0 flan mid-period . landscape of a dark green forest . in the far distance you see the sunlight . one of he first use of a pale color be force to carry the weight of the picture . the experiment that would pay of for in the apple . a burst of color ask to carry so much -- the japanese do not like anything about it except it 's a cezanne - - and suddenly the door in the wall open up . a young black man support by the elevator man , ( eddie ) appear in the cezanne forest hold he eye against the projector 's light . and ouisa behind he . flan click off the projector . ouisa switch on the live room light . the young black man - paul - be in he early twenty , very handsome , very preppy . his shirt front be rip and bloody . Fresh blood . eddie help paul to the sofa , ouisa follow at a loss . paul I be so sorry to bother you , but I have be hurt - and I have lose everything and I do not know where to go . you child -- I be a friend of -- millbrook club bar the chum be transfix . ouisa and he mention we child ' name . flan and the school where they go . ouisa Harvard . you can say Harvard . flan we do not want to get into libel . back in the kittredge's live room paul ( exhaust and scared ) I be mug . out there . in Central Park . by the statue of that alaskan husky . I be stand there try to figure out why there be a statue of a dog who save life in the yukon in Central ' Park and I be stand there try to puzzle it out when - 21 ouisa be you okay ? paul they take my money and my brief case . I say my thesis be in there - paul look down . he see the blood seeping through he shirt . flan his shirt 's bleed . ouisa his shirt be not bleed . he 's bleed . paul hold he mouth , nauseous . paul I get this way around blood . flan ( lead paul out of the room ) not on the rug . Eddie , get the doctor -- eddie turn to leave . paul no ! I will survive . please . no doctor - paul , frighten , look at flan . flan ( to eddie ) we will call if we need any - flan help paul out of the room down the hall . ouisa thank you , Eddie - eddie go . flan , follow by ouisa , support paul into the white tile bathroom . paul sit on the side of the tub . paul take off he blazer and pull off he rip shirt . his tie be still around he neck . there be a good size knife slash in he side by he rib cage . ouisa and flan cringe . flan open the medicine cabinet . 22 paul I do not mind the money . but in this age of mechanical reproduction they manage to get the only copy of my thesis . flan where 's the first aid book ! ouisa run into they bedroom . paul look out the bathroom door into flan and ouisa be bedroom . paul watch ouisa as she go into the master bedroom . ouisa rummages through she book case and find she Red Cross manual . ouisa turn and see paul sit on the edge of the tub stare at her . flan be crouch down , bathing paul be slash . millbrook club bar ouisa be move by this event . ouisa we bath he . we do first Aid . back in the kittredge's bathroom ouisa read from the manual . ouisa the Red Cross advise : Press edge of the wound firmly together , wash area with water - flan yes ! I be do that - hold on flan daub on mercurochrome . paul owww ! flan hold still ! ouisa ! I need gauze ! geoffrey poke he head in the bathroom . geoffrey ( leaving ) it 's be wonderful see you -- 23 ouisa ( firm but cheery ) no no no ! stay ! geoffrey my time be so short . before I leave America , I really should call - ouisa you darling old poop - flan have you see the new book on cezanne ? geoffrey no ouisa a absolute revelation - this will only take a mo - ouisa rush out of the bathroom after geoffrey . flan I need the gauze millbrook club bar ouisa I run down the hall to get the book on cezanne , get the gauze from my bathroom -- back at the kittredge be we watch a flustered ousia dart about as she describe -- ouisa ( vo ) gave the cezanne to flan who want the gauze , give the gauze to geoffrey who want cezanne . ouisa mutter under she breath as she dash down the hall . ouisa two million dollar two million dollar and into the live room 24 0 geoffrey stare at the gauze he 's just be hand . flak' voice ouisa ? ouisa grab the gauze out of geoffrey 's hand . she run back down the hall . millbrook club bar ouisa two million dollar two million dollar -- back in the kittredge's bathroom flan finish bandage paul 's wound . ouisa go into her son' bedroom . , she take a pink shirt from the bureau . the master bedroom paul put on the pink shirt and look at himself in the mirror . flan he 's go to be fine . geoffrey appear in the door with the book on cezanne . geoffrey Lovely book . flan look stricken . ouisa please ? stay ? geoffrey pause . geoffrey agreed . flan beam . millbrook club bar ouisa and peace be restore . 25 back in the master bedroom flan hold out paul 's blazer . paul wince as he lift he arm to put it on . paul you child say you be kind . all the kid be sit around the dorm one night dish the- shit out of they parent . but you kid be silent and say no , not we parent . not flan and ouisa . not the kittredge . the kittredge be kind . so after the mugger leave , I look up and see this fifth Avenue apartment . Mrs. onassis life there . I know the babcock live over there . the auchincloss live there . but you live here . I come here . ouisa , so touch , turn to flan and geoffrey . ouisa can you believe what the kid say ? paul look at the frame photo on wall of 0 the hall . paul but you kid - I love they . Talbot and Woody mean the world to I . flan he let you call he Woody ? nobody 's call he Woody in year . they come into the live room . paul look around happily . he go to the wall by the mantlepiece and look at a dark abstract painting . paul they describe this apartment in detail . this be a kandinsky ! - a double . one paint on either side . May I see - ? ouisa lift the painting off the wall and turn it around . even geoffrey be take by the painting . 0 26 flan what make it valuable be kandinsky paint on either side of the canvas in two wildly different style . one side be geometric and somr=r . the other side be wild and vivid . geoffrey my god ! flan we flip it around for variety . ouisa happily turn the painting back and forth to show off its two side . the screen be fill with the bright color then the dark color . ouisa you like ? you like ? Chaos ? Control ? Chaos ? Control ? she put on a goofy happy face for the chaotic side and a dopey tragic face for the geometric . yes . we have be here before , through ouisa 's memory , at the wedding . paul it 's wonderful . ouisa lean the painting against a chair , the chaotic side show . millbrook club bar flan turn to julia . flan wassily kandinsky . bear 1866 Moscow . Blue Rider exhibition 1914 . he say " it be clear that the choice of object that be one of the element in the harmony of form must be decide only by a corresponding vibration in the human soul " . ( very spiritual ) die 1944 France . julia nod . ah yes . back in the kittredge's live room paul look around the apartment , so cozy , warm . paul it 's the way they say it would be . 27 millbrook club bar ouisa geoffrey have be silent up to now . back in the kittredge's live room geoffrey do you bitch you parent ? paul as a matter of fact . no. you kid and I ... we both like we parent ... love we -- look , be I get in the way ? I burst in here , hysterical . blood . I do not mean to --- flan and ouisa no ! ouisa tell we about we child . millbrook club bar flan ( to julia ) Three . two at Harvard . another girl at groton . back in the kittredge's live room ouisa how Harvard ? paul well , fine . it 's just there . everyone 's in a constant state of luxurious despair and constant discovery and paralysis . millbrook club bar ouisa we ask he where home be flan out West , he say . back in the kittredge's live room paul although I have live all over . my folk be divorced . he 's remarry . he 's do a movie . 28 ouisa he 's in the movie ? paul he 's direct this one but he do act . flan what 's he direct ? paul cat . ouisa someone be direct a film of cat ? flan do not be snooty . paul you have 'seen it ? t.s. eliot -- flan well , yes . year ago . ouisa a benefit for some disease or school --- flan surely they can not make the movie of cat . ouisa of course they can . paul they be go to try . my father will be here auditioning - ouisa cat ? paul he 's go to use people . ouisa what a courageous stand ! paul they think of lot of way to go . animation . flan animation would be nice . 29 paul but he find a better way . as a matter of fact , he turn it down at first . he go to tell the producer - as a courtesy - all the reason why you could not make a movie of cat and in go through all the reason why you could not make a movie of cat , he suddenly see how you could make a movie of cat -- ouisa Eureka in the bathtub . how wonderful . flan May we ask who -- millbrook club bar can it be possible ? a few more guest have join the table . ouisa and it be here we pull up - ever so slightly - pull up closer -- flan and he tell we . ouisa he name the great black star in movie . sidney - flan do not say it . we be try to keep this abstract . plus libel law . ouisa sidney Poitiers there . I do not care . we have to have truth . he start out as a lawyer and be terrify of libel . I be not . 30 int the white wall paul , lean against the wall , talk with great vivacity to that off screen presence who be the Pov of the camera . paul sidney poitier , the future Jackie Robinson of film , be bear the twenty fourth of February 1927 in Miami during a visit he parent make to Florida - legally ? - to sell tomato they have grow on they farm in the Bahamas . he grow up on cat Island , " so poor they do not even own dirt " he have say . neglected by he family , my father would sit on the shore , and , as he tell I many time , " conjure up the kind of world that be on the other side and what I would do in they . " he arrive in New York City from the Bahamas in the winter of 1943 at age fifteen and a half and live in the pay toilet of the bus station across from the old madison Square Garden at fiftieth and eighth Avenue . he move to the roof of the brill building , commonly know as tin Pan alley . washed dish at the turf restaurant for $ 4.11 a night . he teach 0 himself to read by read the newspaper . in the Black newspaper , the theater page be opposite the want ad page . among he 42 film be no Way out 1950 / Cry the belove country 1952 / blackboard jungle 1955 / the defiant one 1958/ raisin in the Sun 1961 / lily of the field 1963 / in the heat of the night 1967 / to Sir with Love 1967 / shoot to kill 1988 and , of course , pause . ( the off screen voice join he ) guess who 's come to dinner . paul ( laugh ) he win the oscar for lily of the field and be twice name top male box - office star in the country . my father make no film from 1977 to 1987 but work as director and author . dad say to I once " I still do not fully understand how all that come about in the sequence it come about " . and we hear the off screen presence applaud . paul bow , happily . he kick he shoe off into the camera . 31 back in the kittredge's live room paul dad 's not in till tomorrow at the sherry . I come down from Cambridge . think I would stay at some fleabag for adventure . Orwell . down and out . I really do not know New York . I know Rome and Paris and Los Angeles a lot better . ouisa we be - go out to dinner . you will come . paul out to dinner ? flan out to dinner . paul but why go out to dinner ? ouisa because we have reservation and oh my god ' what time be it ? have we lose the reservation and we do not have a damn thing in the house and it 's sixteenth century Florence and there 's genius on every block . geoffrey do not mock . she kiss geoffrey . paul you must have something in the fridge . flan a freeze steak from the Ice Age . paul why spend a hundred dollar on a bowl of rice ? let I into the kitchen . cook calm I . what I would like to do be calm down , pay back you kid - millbrook club bar ouisa he mention we kid name -- 32 flan turn to a newcomer . flan two . two at Harvard . a daughter at groton . back in the kittredge's live room paul - who have be wonderful to I . ouisa they have never mention you . flan what be they suppose to say ? we have become friend with the son of sidney poitier , barrier breaker of the fifty and sixty ? geoffrey you father mean a great deal in South Africa . millbrook club bar ouisa even geoffrey be touch . back in the kittredge's live room paul I be glad of that . dad and I go to Russia once to a film festival and he be truly amaze how much he presence mean - ouisa oh no ! tell we storey of movie star tie up they child and be cruel . paul I wish . geoffrey you wish ? paul if I want to write a book about he . I really can not . no one would want to read it . he 's decent . I admire he . ouisa he 's marry to a actress who be in one of -- she 's white ? be I right ? 33 paul ( painful territory ) that be not my mother . that be he second wife . he meet joanna make " the lose man " . he leave my mother who have stick by he in the lean year . X have just be bear . " the lose man " be the only film of my father 's I can not bring myself to see . ouisa oh , I be sorry . we do not mean to - paul ( bright ) no ! we be all good friend now . . his kid from that marriage . we - the old kid . I would love to get in that kitchen . flan ( to ouisa ) what should we do ? ouisa it 's geoffrey 's only night in New York . geoffrey I vote - stay in . ouisa , flan and paul good ! millbrook club bar ouisa we move . into the kitchen . back in the kittredge's kitchen the kitchen be large , be build in the 205 when people have big dinner at home . paul open the refrigerator and freezer . paul be action be synchronous with the word . flan ( vo ) we watch he cook . ouisa ( vo ) we watch he cook and chop . flan ( vo ) he sort of do wizardry ouisa ( vo ) a old jar of sun dry tomato -- 34 flan ( vo ) Left aver - tuna fish - olive - onion - it 's all dazzle and rapid . flan open the wine . ouisa take dish and silver out and hand they to geoffrey . everyone be in a picnic spirit . paul fill a large pot with water from the tap . paul ( to geoffrey ) you're from geoffrey johannesburg . pause . paul Studies geoffrey . ouisa and flan freeze . be it a tense moment ? paul take a breath . paul put the water on the fire , eye never off geoffrey . then paul resume chopping onion briskly and drop they into the fry pan . paul my dad take I to a movie shot in South Africa . the camera move from this vile rioting in the street to a villa where people pick at lunch on a terrace , the only riot the flower and the bird -- gorgeous plumage and petal . and I do not understand . and dad say to I " you meet this young black who be have a terrible time . they have have a totally inadequate education and yet in ' 76 - the year of the soweto riot - they take on a tremendous political responsibility . it just make you wonder at the maturity that be in they . " paul open a cabinet and take out a haitian candelabra that obviously have not be use since it be bring home as a souvenir . paul dust it off . paul it make you realize that the ' crummy childhood ' theory , that everything can be blame in a freudian fashion on the fact that you have have a bad upbringing , just do not hold water . May I ? flan oh , please . paul pour a brandy . 35 geoffrey what about be black in America ? paul scoops a melange of vegetable into a glass dish and put it in the microwave . paul my problem be I have never feel american . I grow up in Switzerland . board school . villa rosey . ouisa there be a board school in Switzerland that take you at age eighteen month . paul that 's not I . I have never feel people like I for my connection . Movie star kid problem . none of that . the water boil . he dump in pasta . the microwave timer go off . paul remove the glass dish . paul but I never know I be black in that racist way 0 till I be sixteen and come back here . very protect . White servant . after the divorce we move to Switzerland . my mother , brother and Z. I do not feel american . I do not even feel black . I suppose that 's very lucky for I even though Freud say there 's no such thing as luck . just what you make . paul take the pasta off the boil and drain it , plopping the pasta into a brightly color bowl . ouisa , flan and geoffrey sit at the counter , transfix . ouisa do Freud say that ? paul hold out three dish heape with food . paul here 's dinner . all ready . ouisa shall we move into the dining room ? ouisa open double door lead into the dine room . 36 this room have not be in use for a while . the overhead chandelier be very bright and harsh . a sewing machine be in the corner there . bookkeep item at one end of the long table . nineteenth century victorian mythological painting hang.on the wall . flan adjust the rheostat to dim the light in the chandelier . ouisa do not look at the sewing machine . flan sweep the bill thing off the table onto a chair . ouisa open the sideboard and take out four linen place mat and silverware and quickly set the table . paul take out match and light the haitian card " e ' yabra . flan run into the live room and return with a vase of flower . they smile at the appearance of the sudden party in this wonderful room . they sit down . they eat . surprise . it 's delicious . paul be everything okay ? flan , ouisa and geoffrey mmrmmm .. yes . geoffrey this be the best pasta I have ever - ouisa the best ! paul my father insisted we learn to cook . flan be not he from Jamaica ? there 's a taste of -- geoffrey the island . paul yes . before he make it , he run four restaurant in harlem . you have good bud ! geoffrey see ? good bud . I have never be compliment on my bud - R flan I be astonished ! 37 paul lean back and watch they happily . ouisa where 's yours ? paul the cook never eat . flan the more for we ! they all laugh . paul leave the room abruptly . flan , ouisa and geoffrey look at each other . flan stand . flan hello ? paul return with the rest of the real in brightly paint bowl . paul second ? they laugh and be serve . ouisa have you declare you major yet ? paul you be like all parent . what 's you major ? flan geoffrey , Harvard have all that great title the student give course . ouisa the holocaust and ethic ? flan kraut and doubt . ouisa I think we be lucky have this dinner . be not this the finest time ? a toast to you . geoffrey to cat ! flan blunt question . what 's he like ? 38 ouisa reach for the bottle of wine . ouisa let 's not be star fucker . flan I be not a star fucker . paul my father , be a actor , have no real identity . you say to he , pop , what 's new ? and he say , ' I get a interesting script today . I be ask to play a lumberjack up in the yukon . now , I have be train as a preacher , but my church fall apart . my wife say we have to get mbney to get through this winter . and I sign up as part of this team where all my belief be challenge . but I hold firm . in spite of prejudice because I want to get back to my wife . out of this forest , back to the church ... .' and my father be in tear and I say pop , this i:. not a real event , this be some script that be send to you . and my father say ' I ' m try it out to see how it fit on I . ' but he have no life -- he have no memory -- only the script producer send he in the mail through he agent . that 's he past . millbrook club bar can it be ? the crowd listen to flan and ouisa be even larger . ouisa I just love the kid so much . I want to reach out to he . flan and then we ask he what he thesis be on . back in the kittredge's dine room geoffrey the one that be steal . please ? 39 paul well ... ( he take a deep breath and lean back in he chair ) a substitute teacher out on Long Island be drop from he job for fight with a student . a few week later , the teacher return to the classroom , shot the student unsuccessfully , hold the class hostage and then shot himself . successfully . this fact catch my eye : last sentence . Times . a neighbor describe the teacher as a nice boy . always read catcher in the rye. the nitwit - chapman - who shot John Lennon say he do it because he want to - `draw the attention of the world to catcher in the Rye and the read of that book would be he defense . and young hinckley , the whiz kid who shot Reagan and he press secretary say if you want my defense all you have to do be read catcher in the Rye . it seem to be time to read it again . flan I have not read it in year . ouisa shush flan . paul I borrow a copy from a young friend of mine because I want to see what she have underline and I read this book to find out why this touch , beautiful , sensitive story publish in July 1951 have turn into this manifesto of hate . I start read . : it 's exactly as I remember . everybody 's a phoney . page two : " my brother 's in Hollywood be a prostitute . " page three : " what a phony slob he father be . " page nine : " people never notice anything . " then on page twenty two my hair stand up . remember Holden caulfield -- the definitive sensitive youth -- wear he red hunter 's cap . " a deer Hunter hat ? like hell it be . I sort of close one eye like I be take aim at it . this be a people shoot hat . I shoot people in this hat . " 40 paul ( continue ) hmmm , I say . this book be prepare people for bigger moment in they life than I ever dream of . then on P. 89 " I would rather push a guy out the window or chop he head off with a ax than sock he in the jaw . I hate fist fight ... what scare I most be the other guy 's face ... " I finish the book . it 's a touch story , comic because the boy want to do so much and can not do anything . hate all phoniness and only lie to other . want everyone to like he , be only hateful , and be completely self involved . in other word , a pretty accurate picture of a male adolescent . flan , ouisa , .geoffrey be transfix . and what alarm I about that book -- not the book so much as the aura about it -- be this : the book be primarily about paralysis . the boy can not function . and at the end before he can run away and start a new life , it start to rain and he fold . now there 's nothing wrong in write about emotional and intellectual paralysis . it may indeed thanks to chekhov and Samuel beckett be the great modern theme . the extraordinary last line of wait for godot - - " let 's go . " " yes , let 's go . " stage direction : they do not move . but the aura around this book of salinger 's -- which perhaps should be read by everyone ut young man --- be this : it mirror like a fun house mirror and amplify like a distort speaker one of the great tragedy of we time - -- the death of the imagination . because what else be paralysis ? the camera move closer and closer in on paul . 42 paul ( continue ) the imagination have be so debase that imagination -- be imaginative -- rather than be the lynch pin of we existence now stand as a synonym for something outside ourselves like Science fiction or some new use for tangerine slice on raw pork chop --- what a imaginative summer recipe -- and Star war ! so imaginative and Star Trek -- so imaginative ! and Lord of the ring -- all that dwarve -- so imaginative --- the imagination have move out of the realm of be we link , we most personal link , with we inner life and the world outside that world -- this world we share -- what be schizophrenia but a horrifying state where what 's in here do not match up with what 's out there ? why have imagination become a synonym for style ? I believe that the imagination be the passport we create to take we into the real world . I believe the imagination be another phrase for what be most uniquely be . jung say the great sin be to be unconscious . we boy Holden say " what scare I most be the other guy 's face -- it would not be so bad if you could both be blindfolded " -- most of the time the face we face be not the other guy ' but we own face . and it 's the worst kind of yellowness to be so scared of yourself you put blindfold on rather than deal with yourself . to face ourselves . that 's the hard thing . the imagination . that 's God 's gift to make the act of self - examination bearable . pause . flan , geoffrey , ouisa be very move . ouisa well , indeed . flan I hope you mugger read every word . 42 ouisa ( chide flan ) darling geoffrey I be go to buy a copy of catcher i. the Rye at the airport and read it . ouisa cover to cover paul I will test you . I should be go . paul start to go . they follow . the dine room open into the live room . flan where will you stay ? ouisa not some flea bag . paul I get into the sherry tomorrow morning . it 's not so far off . I can walk around . I do not think they will mug I twice in one evening . flan and ouisa take 's paul 's by the arm and lead he down the hall into there daughter's bedroom . ouisa you will stay here tonight . paul no ! I have to be at the hotel at seven am sharp ! ouisa we will get you up . paul or dad will have a fit . quisa up at six fifteen which be any moment now and we have that wedding in millbrook - ouisa pull back the cover on the bed and put the doll on the floor . 4 3 flan there 's a alarm by the bed ouisa you foot might hang out over the end paul if it 's any problem -- flan it 's only a problem if you leave . paul take the alarm and set the time . paul six fifteen ? I will tip toe out . flan and we want to be in cat . ouisa flan : paul it 's do . they shake hand . geoffrey I will fly back . with my wife . ouisa pushy . both of you . paul sit on the bed , testing it . paul he 's not . dad say I could be in charge of the extras . you would just be extras . that 's all I can promise . flak in cat suit ? paul no . you can be human . flan that 's very important . it have to be in we contract . we be human . 44 they all return down the hall . geoffrey we have not get any business do tonight . flan forget it . it be only a evening at home . ouisa whatever you do , do not think about elephant . geoffrey put on he overcoat . paul do I intrude ? flan and ouisa no ! paul I be sorry - oh Christ - geoffrey ( to flan ) 0 there 's all way of do business . flander , walk I to the elevator . ouisa Love to diana . ouisa kiss geoffrey on the cheek . millbrook club bar it seem the bride and GROOM have join the people listen to flan and ouisa 's tale . ouisa we embrace . and flan and geoffrey leave - back in the kittredge's hall flan walk geoffrey to the elevator , leave ouisa and paul alone . paul and ouisa look at each other . then paul break the moment and go to the dine room . _ paul let I clean up - 45 ouisa follow . ouisa hal leave it for - paul look at the table fill with dish and bowl and glass and napkin . paul nobody come in on Sunday . paul snuff out the candle with he finger . ouisa yvonne will be in on Tuesday . paul you will have every bug in christendom - the room be dark , - light only from the live room . they both reach for the dish . ouisa let I - paul take the dish . paul no . you watch . it give I a thrill to be look at . paul look at her . ouisa be momentarily at a loss . paul go into the kitchen . the service door into the kitchen swing back and forth . dine room / kitchen ouisa in the dining room look at paul 's back as he wash dish at the sink . suddenly the dining room be flood with light . flan have flicked on the light . flan he 's in . ouisa he 's in ? flan parade around the table . flan he 's in for two million . 46 ouisa two million ! flan he say the cezanne be a great inv1stment . we should get it for six million and sell it to the Tokyo bunch for ten . ouisa happy day ! oh god ! paul come into the dining room . paul two million dollar ? flan run into the live room . flan pick up the slide carousel and kiss it . flan figure it out . he do not have the price of - a dinner but he can cough up two million dollar and the jap will go ten ! paul and ouisa come into the live room . paul go to ten ? ten million ? ouisa break all that dish ! two million ! go to ten ! and we put up nothing ? paul nothing ? flan geoffrey sell that hockney print I know he buy for a hundred buck fifteen year ago for thirty four thousand dollar . sotheby take they cut , sure but still -- two million ! wildest dream . Paul , I should give you a commission . paul you kid say you be a art dealer . but you do not have a gallery . I do not understand - 47 flan people want to sell privately . not go through a gallery . ouisa - Ï¿½ a divorce . tax . publicity . flan ( hold up a slide ) people come to I look for a certain school of painting . ouisa a modern .. impressionist . Renaissance . flan but do not want museum to know where it be . ouisa japanese . ouisa , flan and paul go down the hall to flan's office . flan flick on he computer . flan I have get japanese look for a cezanne . I have a syndicate that will buy the painting . there be this great second level cezanne come up for sale in a very messy divorce . flan hold up the slide . ouisa wife do not want hubby to know she own a cezanne . paul look at the slide . flan I need a extra two million . geoffrey call . invite he here for dinner . ouisa tonight be a very nervous very casual very big thing . paul I could not tell - 48 's paul give the slide very carefully back to flan who file it . ouisa all the better . 0 flan open a door in the office . the office connect to the master bedroom . paul follow flan and ouisa into they bedroom . paul I be glad I help - ouisa you be wonderful ! paul I be so pleased I be wonderful . all this and a pink shirt . ouisa keep it . look at the time . paul it 's go to be time for I to get up . flan then we will say we good night now . paul oh Christ . regretfully . i4l1 tip toe . paul and ouisa follow flan into the hall . paul go into they daughter 's bedroom . flan and ouisa hover in the hall . flan take out he wallet . flan take fifty dollar . ouisa give he fifty dollar . paul do not need it . 49 ouisa suppose you father 's plane be late ? flan a strike . Air controller . ouisa walk around money . I would not want my kid to be stick in the street without a nickel . paul sit on the bed and take off he shoe . flan and you save we a fortune . do you know what we bill would have be at that little eye-tie store front ? ouisa and we pick up two million dollar . one billionth of a percent commission be - flan fifty dollar . flan hand paul the money . paul hesitates , then take it . paul but I will get it back to you tomorrow . I want my father to meet you . ouisa we would love to . bring he up for dinner . paul could I ? flan you see how easy it be . ouisa sure . if Paul do the cooking . flan , ouisa and paul laugh . ouisa go into the bathroom and fill a glass with water and put it on the night table . ouisa goodnight . paul smile at they . 50 the master bedroom / bathroom flan and ouisa get ready for bed , undress , hang jacket and trousers up neatly . ouisa undoe she dress . they be in and out of bathroom and bedroom , - brush tooth . flan I want to get on my knee and thank god - money - ouisa who say when artist dream they dream of money ? I must be such a artist . bravo . bravo . flan put on pajamas , ouisa she nightgown . flan I do not want to lose we life here . I do not want all the debt to pile up and crush we . ouisa it will not . we be safe . ouisa in bed turn off the light . flan look out the window onto the park . flan for a while . we almost lose it . if I do not get this money , . ouis , I would have lose the cezanne . it would have go . I have nowhere to get it . ouisa get out of bed and come to flan . ouisa why do not you tell I how much this thing mean ? you wait till the last minute - ouisa and flan get into bed . flan I do not want to worry you . ouisa not worry I ? I be you partner . flan there be a god . ouisa and he name - be -- a 51 flan geoffrey ? ouisa sidney . they embrace . the camera come in very close , circle flan and ouisa , they love , they safety . then the camera drift back and away from they , travel out through the window , out of they cocoon to ext the apartment build / central park night down the face of the solid apartment building and drift away through the night down into Central Park and stop at the statue of the husky bark at the moon . millbrook club bar ouisa I dreamt of sidney poitier and he rise to acclaim . I dreamt that sidney poitier sit at the edge of my bed and I ask he what troubled he ? sidney ? what trouble you ? be it right to make a movie of cat ? back in the master bedroom flan be asleep on he side of the bed . ouisa be wide awake , stare at a man in dinner clothes , who sit on the edge of she bed . his back be to the camera . be it sidney poitier ? the camera drift in to ouisa , who be transfix by this apparition . " sidney " ( very comforting ) I will tell you why I have to make a movie of cat . I know what cat be , louisa . May I call you louisa ? ( ouisa nod yes ) I have no illusion about the merit of cat . but the world have be too heavy with all the right to lifer . protect the life of the unborn . constitutional amendment . Marches ! when do life begin ? or the converse . the end of life . the right to die . why be life at this point in the 20th century so focuss on the very beginning of life and the very end of life ? what about the eighty year we have to live between that two inexorable book end ? the camera close on ouisa . her face , see over " sidney 's " shoulder , be all wonder . 52 ouisa and you can get all that into cat ? the camera drift round with ouisa be gaze to finally see " sidney be " face . ï¿½ , . it be paul . paul / sidney I be go to try . ouisa thank you . thank you . you shall . the camera circle off paul to ouisa . she be asleep . CUT back to reveal no one be sit on the bed . the camera move onto flan 's face , sleep . slide of painting by Matisse , Picasso , De koon , pollock appear over he face . flan ( vo ) this be what I dreamt . I do not dream so much as realize this . I feel so close to the painting . I be not just sell like piece of meat . I remember why I love painting in the first place - what have get I into this - and I think - dream - remember - int airplane hangar flan happily sit in the bright vast empty space at a slide carousel project slide of painting into the air . flan ( vo ) how easy it be for a painter to lose a painting . he can paint and paint - work on a canvas for month and one day he lose it - just lose the structure - lose the sense of it - you lose the painting . a bright white light shine on flan who turn to see a teacher , in she forty , very pure and happy , hang beautiful and brilliantly color child 's drawing in the air . flan's voice echoe in this vast space . 53 flan why be all you student geniuse in the second grade ? look at the first grade . blotch of green and black . look at third grade . camouflage . but the second grade -- you grade . matiss everyone . you have make my child a Matisse . let I study with you . let I into the second grade ! what be you secret ? the teacher secret ? I do not have any secret . I just know when to take they drawing away from they . the teacher hang pink shape like paper version of paul be button down shirt on a clothes line stretch to the end of the hangar . the screen be fill with the color pink . ext pink sky dawn the bright pink morning sky flash with golden blotches , abstract , until we see it be the morning sun reflect off window on the West side of Central Park . then we realize it be the view from the kiztredge's master bedroom dawn the camera pull back from the window to flan and ouisa in bed , cozy . she waken , smile , kiss he . flan mumble in he sleep and roll over . ouisa look at she bedside clock . 6 a.m. she get out of bed , then pause to take in the dawn display . ouisa walk through the live room and open the front door . she pick up the Sunday papers and go into the kitchen . ouisa look at the spotlessly clean sink and counter . she flick on the coffee machine and take juice out of the refrigerator scan the front page . she sit at the counter and open the magazine to the back page and begin to do the cross word puzzle . 54 millbrook club bar the chum hang on ouisa 's every word . ouisa I sit in the kitchen happily do the cross word puzzle in ink . everybody do it in ink . I never . meet one person who do not say they do it in ink . back in the kitchen ouisa fill in a word on the puzzle . be it in ink ? then look up . ouisa ( vo ) and I be do the puzzle and I see the time and it 's nearly seven and Paul have to meet he father and I do not want he to be late and be he healthy after he stabbing ? ouisa put the puzzle down and go into the hall . 0 ouisa ( vo ) the hall be eighteen foot long . ouisa walk down the hall which now seem impossibly long . ouisa ( vo ) I stop in front of the door . ouisa tap on the door of she daughter 's room . ouisa Paul ? she hear - what ? - sound of moan ? ouisa Paul ?? paul ( moaning ) yes yes ouisa be you all right ? ouisa open the door to her daughter's bedroom . 55 she turn on the light . she scream . a guy mid 20 , buck naked except for ratty white sock , stand up on the bed . hustler what the fuck be go on here . who the fuck be you ?! paul , startle , " sit up in bed and pull on he clothes . ouisa scream . ouisa flan !! the master bedroom ouisa shake flan violently . flan come to . flan what be it ?! flan and ouisa step out into the hall . silence . they hear they dog bark in the live room . the hustler , naked but for white sock , wander around the live room pick up thing . the dog be bark at he . the hustler turn and smile at flan and ouisa . - hustler hey ! how ya doin ' ? Nice stuff . flan oh my God ! the hustler stretch out on the sofa . hustler hey . I get to get some sleep -- flan tip the sofa , hurl the hustler onto the floor . the hustler leap at flan threateningly . ouisa stop it ! he might have a gun ! 56 hustler ( laugh ) yeah . I might have a gun . I might have a knife . the hustler raise he hand threateningly . ouisa he have a gun ! he have a knife ! the hustler chase ouisa around the room . flan chase the hustler . the dog chase flan . paul , dress , run in to the live room , carry the hustler 's clothes which he hurl down onto the sofa . paul I can explain . ouisa you go out after we go to sleep and pick up this thing ? flan you bring this thing into we house ! thing ! thing ! get out ! get out of my house ! flan pick up the hustler be clothes and open the front door . the hustler hey ! be careful of the pants ! flan take you clothes . go back to sleep in the gutter . flan fling the clothes out into the outside corridor . flan push the elevator button . the hustler suddenly lunge at flan and grab flan by the lapel of he bathrobe . hustler fuck . you ! the hustler throw flan back violently , then pick up he clothes . ouisa run to flan . flan gasp , catch he breath . the elevator door open .. eddie , the elevator man , be startle by the sight . W 57 ouisa be terrify as paul stand at the front door . paul please . do not tell my father . I do not want he to know . I have not tell he . I get . so lonely . I get so afraid . my dad come . I have the money . I go out after we go to sleep and I bring he back . you have so much . I could not be alone . I be so afraid . I be so sorry . ouisa just go . eddie be everything all right ? flan make sure they go out ! paul I can explain ! flan give I my fifty dollar . paul I spend it . ouisa get out ! paul I be so sorry . the hustler be in the elevator , pull on he seedy clothes . flan make sure they leave . by the back door . paul step into the elevator . the door shut . back in the live room flan and ouisa survey the room . they be at a loss . they straighten out the pillow on the sofa . they be exhaust . millbrook club bar the crowd be astonished . 58 ouisa and that 's that . flan well , it 's not back in the kittredge's live room flan and ouisa survey the live room . flan I be shaking . ouisa you have to do something . flan it 's awful . ouisa be anything go ? flan how can I look ? I be shaking . ouisa do he take anything ? flan would you concentrate on yourself ? ouisa I want to know if anything 's go ? flan calm down . ouisa we could have be kill . flan the silver victorian inkwell . ouisa how can you think of thing ? we could have be murder . flan pick up a ornate victorian inkwell cap by a silver beaver . flan there 's the inkwell . Silver beaver . why ? 59 ouisa slashed --- we throat slashed . a frame portrait of a pug . flan and there 's the watercolor . we dog . flan pet he dog . ouisa go to bed at night happy and then murder . would we have wake up ? flan we be alive . they sit on the sofa , drain , hold onto the phone . the phone suddenly ring . they clutch each other . ouisa do not pick it up ! flan do . flan hello ? int a limousine morning geoffrey sit in the back seat of a limousine talk on a cordless portable phone . geoffrey flander . look , I have be think . that jap really want the cezanne . they will pay . you can depend on I for a additional overcall of two fifty . the kittredge's live room morning flan 's rind be boggle . flan two hundred and fifty thousand ? 60 ext curbside kennedy airport as geoffrey' driver take care of the baggage , geoffrey proceed into the the first CLASS lounge never drop one beat on he radio phone . geoffrey and I be think for South Africa . what about a black american film festival ? with this spike Lee you have now and of course get poitier down to be the president of the jury and I know cosby and I love this Eddie Murphy and my wife go fishing in Norway with diana Ross and she new norwegian husband . and also they must have some new black - kittredge's live room ouisa be try to hear the other end of the call . flan yes . it sound a wonderful idea . int JFK the terminal geoffrey walk through the terminal . geoffrey I will call poitier at the sherry -- kittredge's live room flan no ! we will call ! int airport immigration geoffrey put the phone down on the security belt . the phone go through radar . all the while we hear flan 's voice . the security person impassively watch the phone on the X - Ray screen . geoffrey pick up the phone as it slide off the band . geoffrey they be call my plane - and again last night - 61 kittredge's live room flan no need to thank . see you shortly . int kennedy airport the gate geoffrey the bank . kittredge's live room flan my lawyer . kennedy airport the gate geoffrey exactly . kittredge's live room flan safe trip . kennedy airport the gate geoffrey snap the phone shut , stick it in he pocket and go into the gate . kittredge's live room flan and ouisa look at each other in amazement . ouisa we be safe ? as flan hang up the phone we hear a car door shut as flan and ouisa get in they car . ext the millbrook golf and tennis club day the group from the wedding wave goodbye not at the bride and GROOM but at flan and ouisa . the bride and GROOM as a matter of fact be there . the bride and then ? sandy and then ? 62 ouisa that 's all we know ! and flan and ouisa drive out of the parking lot . int / ext the car taconic parkway day the camera pull back to show flan and ouisa drive back down the taconic Parkway . they be more compose now than when they leave - and even pleased . the radio play a bach cantata : gloria ! the camera pull back further to show they enter New York City via the triborough Bridge . the CITY look magnificent for a moment from this vantage . ext east 67th STREET day below we flan and , ouisa 's car head for the garage . ouisa 's hand suddenly fly out of the car window , wave at a couple in they forty , kitty and larkin , crossing the street . flan honk the horn . the camera travel down to kitty and larkin as they glare at the car , then smile when they see who it be . T ouisa do we have a story to tell you ! kitty do we have a story to tell you ! int precinct night we can not tell where we be yet . but ouisa and flan and kitty and larkin lean across a desk and tell a man we will learn shortly be a detective . ouisa we two and they son be at Harvard together . kitty and larkin be pleased about this . int mortimer' restaurant afternoon the two couple sit a table in this definitive East side restaurant . flan let I tell you we story . 63 larkin when do you story happen ? flan last night . we be still zonk . kitty we win . we story happen Friday night . so we go first . larkin we be go to be in the movie . kitty we be go to be in the movie of cat . ouisa put down she white wine . ouisa you tell you story first . larkin Friday night we be home , the doorbell ring --- kitty I be not impressed but it be the son of - int precinct the detective make note . ouisa and flan you get it . back at mortimer' restaurant kitty the kid be mug . we have to go out . we leave he . he be so charming . his father be take the red eye . he could not get into the Hotel till seven a . he stay with we . she be very pleased . larkin in the middle of the night , we hear somebody scream burglar ! burglar ! we come out in the hall . Paul be chase this naked blonde thief down the corridor . the blonde thief run out , the alarm go off . the kid save we life . 64 flan that be no burglar . ouisa you have another house guest . kitty and larkin laugh . larkin we feel so guilty . Paul could have be kill by that intruder . he be very understanding - ouisa be anything miss from you house ? larkin nothing . flan do you give he money ? kitty twenty - five dollar until he father arrive . the precinct the detective look at they carefully . flan ( to the detective ) we tell they we story . mortimer' restaurant night kitty &amp ; larkin oh. ouisa have you talk to you kid ? kitty can not get through . flan let 's go back to we place . int kittredge's apartment night the sound of key in the door . the door swing open . flan switch on the light . the two couple run in head for the phone . ouisa dial . 65 ouisa sherry Netherlands . I would like -- the precinct larkin she give the name . back in the kittredge's live room ouisa no ! I be not a fan . this be not a fan call . sidney poitier must be register . his son be a friend of - click . the sherry 's hang up . the doorbell ring . flan go to the door . larkin he must be there under another name . another phone call . ouisa hi. celebrity service ? I be not sure how you work . kitty greta garbo use the name harriet Brown . ouisa you track down celebrity ? be I right ? larkin everybody must have know she be greta garbo . ouisa I be try to find out how one would get in touch with --- no , I be not a press agent -- no , I be not with anyone --- my husband . flander kittredge ? ( click ) celebrity service do not give out information over the phone . larkin try the public library . kitty try who 's who . flan return carry a elaborate arrangement of flower . flan read the card . 66 flan " to thank you for a wonderful time . Paul poitier . ' " flan reach into the bouquet . he take out a p.t of jam . flan a pot of jam ? larkin a pot of jam . they back off as if it might explode . kitty I think we should go to the police . ext the 19 th precinct night the four approach the precinct on East 94th Street . int the precinct the detective , whom we recognize from earlier , look up from he desk . detective what be the charge ? ouisa he come into we house . flan he cook we dinner . ouisa he tell we the story of catcher in the Rye . flan he say he be the son of sidney poitier . detective sidney poitier ? flan and ouisa you get it . detective be he ? ouisa we do not know . 67 flan we give he fifty dollar . kitty we give he twenty five . larkin S hhhh ouisa he pick up a hustler . flan he leave . kitty he chase the burglar out of we house . ouisa he do not steal anything . larkin we look and look . kitty top to bottom . nothing go . the detective close he notebook . ouisa grant this do not seem major now . detective look . we be very busy . flan you can not chuck we out . detective come up with charge . then I will do something . int the morgan library night flan and ouisa have come to a charity do feature a string quartet play schubert Trio in B flat . but flan and ouisa be not entrance by the music . they stand at the back of the room by the bar tell they story to a group of fascinate friend ( none of whom be at the wedding ) as the quartet play . this friend be all dress formally but with the look of people who dress this way every night . there - 's always one of this go on and they be always there . 68 flan yes , there be another chapter . ouisa we kid come down from Harvard . a loud groan of protest and disbelief fill the kittredge's live room day two of flan and ouisa be college age child , woody and tess , and kitty and larkin be boy , BEN , slump around the room . they be in dismay at ouisa , flan , kitty and larkin and they story . flan -- the detail he know -- how would he know about the painting ? flan have take the kandinsky off the wall and flip it around to the wild side . flan although I think it 's a very fine kandinsky . flan lean the painting against a chair and study it . ouisa and none of you know this fellow ? he have this wild quality -- yet , a real elegance and a real concern and a real consideration . tess look at the floral arrangement paul send . it 's only slightly wilted . tess well , Mom , you should have let he stay . you should have divorced all you child and just let this dreamboat stay . plus he send you flower . flan and jam . the kide oooooo . ouisa I wish I know how to get hold of he father . just to see if there be any truth in it . 69 larkin who know sidney poitier so we could just call he up and ask he ? kitty I have a friend who do theatrical law . I bet he - larkin what friend ? kitty ( suddenly trap ) oh , it 's nobody . larkin I want to know . kitty ( scream ) nobody ! larkin ( reconsiders ) whatever 's go on anywhere , I do not want to know . I do not want to know . I do not want to know . kitty ( overlapping ) nobody . nobody . nobody . BEN ( overlapping ) dad. mom. please . for once . please ? BEN , kitty , larkin scream at each other in anguish . tess , in a fury , leave the apartment . flan follow her to the outside corridor . flan tess , when you see you little sister , do not tell she that Paul and the hustler use she bed . tess you put he in that bed . I be not go to get involved with any conspiracy . flan it 's not a conspiracy . it 's a family . the elevator door open . tess and flan virtually growl at each other as the door shut on tess . 70 flan see kitty , larkin and BEN scream at each other . flan see ouisa , to avoid involvement in the domestic stir , hang the kandinsky back on the wall . the geometric order side . ext central park dawn the alaskan husky bark at the moon . the camera travel out of the park up the face of the fifth Avenue apartment once again into the safety of the master bedroom . flan and ouisa be in bed asleep . ouisa sit up when she hear someone tapping insistently on the window pane . she look around the room . paul appear outside on the window ledge wear the pink shirt . ouisa get out of bed and open the window . paul the imagination . that 's we out . we imagination teach we we limit and then how to grow beyond that limit . the imagination say listen to I . I at you darkest voice . . I be you 4 be voice . I be the voice that wake you up and say this be what I be afraid of . do not listen to I at you peril . the imagination be the noon voice that see clearly and say yes this be what I want for my life . it 's there to sort out you nightmare , to show you the exit from the maze of - you nightmare , to transform the nightmare into dream that become you bedrock . if we do not listen to that voice , it die . it shrivel . it vanish . ( paul take out a switch blade and open it . ) the imagination be not we escape. on the contrary , the imagination be the place we be all try to get to . paul lift he shirt and stab himself . ouisa scream . paul fall over backward into space . the phone ring , waking ouisa . flan pick up the phone . ouisa sit up , a little stunne . she be relieved to find thing so normal . int the precinct early morning detective I get a call that might interest you . 71 back to the morgan library the string quartet reach a climax . flan and a new character enter we story ext beth israel doctor hospital day flan and ouisa , kitty and larkin come to this hospital across from Gracie mansion . int beth israel doctor hospital dr . fine's office dr . fine , a earnest professional man in he 5as , come down the hall , and open he office door . flan , ouisa , kitty and larkin sit in he office . dr . fine I be see a patient . I be a obstetrician at New York Hospital . the nurse open my office door . int examining room day the nurse , a sturdy woman in she 5as , open the door . nurse there 's a friend of you son 's here . paul appear , - look much as he be when he come to flan and ouisa 's . paul 's shirt front be bleed . dr . fine's office ouisa and flan , kitty and larkin be fill with dread . dr . fine I treat the kid . he be more scared than hurt . a knife wound , a few bruise . examining room paul get off the examine table , buttone he pink shirt . paul I do not know how to thank you , sir . my father be come here . dr . fine's office the two couple sit cramped on the Doctor 's leather sofa . 72 flan and ouisa and kitty and larkin he 's make a movie of cat . dr . fine stand by the window look out at the river . dr . fine and he tell I the name of a matinee idol of my youth . somebody who have really forge ahead and make new path for black just by the strength of - he own talent . strangely , I have identify with he , before I start Medical School . I mean , I be a Jew . my grandparent be kill in the war . I have this sense of self - hatred , of fear . and this kid 's father - the bravery of he film - have give I a direction , a confidence . simple as that . we be always pay off debt . then my beeper go off . a patient in she tenth month of labor . her water finally break . I give 'him the key . examining room dr . fine give paul a set of key and walk he out into the hospital hall . paul Doug 's tell I all about you brownstone . how you get it at a great price because there have be a murder in it and for a while people think it have a curse but you be a scientific man and be courageous ! dr . fine well , yes ! courageous ! dr . fine's office fla.n and ouisa , kitty and larkin agree . flan very courageous . dr . fine I run off to the delivery room . twin ! two boy . I think of my son . I dial my boy at Dartmouth . amazingly , he be in he room . do y hat I hate to ask . 73 int college dorm room day the call waken dr . fine be son , doug , 20 . doug grab for the phone from under the cover . be there someone else in bed with Doug ? dr . fine's examining room dr . fine so you accuse I of have no interest in you life , not do for friend , be a rotten father . well , you should be very happy . college dorm room doug the son of who ? dad , I never hear of he . dad , as usual , you be a real cretin . you give he the key ? you give , &amp ; complete stranger who happen to mention my name the key to we house ? dad , sometimes it be so obvious to I why Mom leave . I be so embarrassed to know you . you give the key to a stranger who show up at you office ? mother tell I you beat she ! Mom tell I you be a rotten lover and drank so much you body smell of cheap white wine . Mom say sleep with you be like sleep with a salad make with bad dress . why you have to bring I into the world ! a girl sit up in bed , terrify . examining room dr . fine there be two side to every story - college dorm room doug you be a idiot ! you be a idiot ! the girl in bed put pillow over she head . dr . fine's office flan and ouisa , kitty and larkin lean forward in fascination . dr . fine I go home ..- courageously with a policeman . 74 ext dr . fine's brownstone day dr . fine put the key in the door . the cop with he have he gun draw . dr . fine and the cop enter the brownstone . they hear a debussy quartet play . paul sit in the live room wear a silk robe , swirl a snifter of brandy , listen to the music . paul smile when he see dr . fine , but when the cop appear with the gun , paul roll over on he side out of the chair . dr . fine arrest he ! dr . fine snap off the radio . paul back up against the wall . paul pardon ? dr . fine break and enter . paul break and enter ? dr . fine you be a imposter . paul Officer , you honor , you eminence , Dr. Fine cave I the key to he brownstone . be not that so ? dr . fine my son do not know you . paul this man give I the key to the house . be not that so ? the cop put he gun away . policeman ( scream ) do you give he the key to the house ? dr . fine yes , but under false pretense . this fuck black kid crack addict come into my office lying - 75 paul ( cool and forgive ) I have take this much brandy but can pour the rest back into the bottle . and I have use electricity listen to the music , but I think you will find that nothing 's take from the house . paul take off the silk robe and neatly place it on the table . dr . fine I want you to arrest this fraud . paul put on he jacket and leave the house . dr . fine stop he ! the policeman walk away . college dorm room doug continue he tirade . doug a cretin ! a creep ! no wonder mother leave you ! doug fling the phone against the wall . dr . fine's office flan and ouisa , kitty and larkin look at dr . fine sympathetically . dr . fine two side . every story . but the two couple be also embarrassed . back to the morgan library people from the back row of the concert turn away from the music and listen to ouisa and flan . ouisa we go down to the strand - flan five sherlock holmese - 76 0 ext the strand bookstore 12th STREET and broadway day the two couple and dr . fine , go into the strand bookstore . which advertise itself as possess eight mile of book and that seem a understatement . the camera rush past row of book . and then suddenly stop . ouisa I find it ! ouisa' hand reach up and bring down . cu a copy of sidney poitier' autobiography : " this life " ouisa read from the poitier autobiography . the other be enrapt .. ouisa " back in New York with juanita and the child , I begin to become aware that we marriage , while work on some level , be fall apart in other fundamental area . " flan take the book . flan there 's a picture of he and he four - daughter . no son . four daughter . back to the morgan library flan the book 's call this life . a concert-goer no son ? ouisa no son ! the strand bookstore kitty oh dear . ouisa this kid bulldoze he way into we life . 77 la.rkin be we let he in we life . I run a foundation . you be a dealer . you be a doctor . you would think we would be satisfied with we achievement . tnt the gotham restaurant day the five of they have go down the street fram the strand to this swell restaurant . flan agatha Christie would ask what do we all have in common ? ouisa it seem the common thread link we all be a overwhelming need to be in the movie of cat . kitty we kid . struggle through they life . larkin I do not want to know anything about the spillover of they life . ouisa all we have in common be we child go to board school together . flan ( to Dr. Fine ) how come we never meet ? dr . fine his mother have custody . I live out West . after he graduate from high school , she move west . I move east . larkin I think we should drop it right here . kitty be you afraid Ben be mix up in this fraud ? larkin I do not want to know too much about my kid . kitty you think Ben be hide thing from we ? I tell you , I be get to the bottom of this . my son have no involvement with any black fraud . Doctor , you say something about crack ? 78 larkin I do not want to know . dr . fine it just leap out of my mouth . no proof . oh dear god , no proof . flan we will take a vote . do we pursue this to the end no matter what we find out about we kid ? ouisa I vote yes . dr . fine I trust doug. yes . larkin no . kitty yes . flan yes . kitty look through the poitier autobiography . kitty listen to the last page . " .. . make it better for we child . protect they . from what ? the truth be what we be protect that little people from ... there be a lot to worry about and I would better start tell the little bastard - start worry ! " the end . kitty close the book in dismay . ouisa , flan , larkin , and dr . fine be each lose in think . int lincoln CENTER metropolitan opera night flan and ouisa , dress formally , the way people use to dress for the opera , stand at the small champagne bar outside the box . they similarly dress friend be engross in the tale . flan we all go up to Harvard . ouisa we have to enlist we child - 79 ext harvard university day flan and ouisa , kitty and larkin , and dr . fine cut through the Harvard yard at a urgent pace . int eliot house harvard the five parent sit in the empty dining commons . they have come for lunch . and now lunch be over . tess , woody , BEN and doug sit on the other side of the refectory table , glaring at they parent , lunch trays between the generation . student walk in and out . the parent speak in hushed , library size whisper to avoid any echo . flan it 's obvious . it 's somebody you go to High School with , since you go to different college . dr . fine I just want to tell you how I appreciate you come today - doug dad ? spare I ? doug be voice echoe . ouisa he know the detail about we life . flan who in you high school , part of you gang , have become homosexual or be deep into drug ? tess that 's like about fifteen people . tess enjoy she echo because it make flan and ouisa uncomfortable . larkin I do not want to know . tess I find it really insulting that you would assume that it have to be a guy . this movie star 's son could have have a relationship with a girl in high school --- and BEN be just as loud . 80 hen that 's you problem in a nut shell . you be so limited . flan and ouisa try to shush they . tess that 's why I be go to Afghanistan . to climb mountain . ouisa you be not climb mountain . flan we have not invest all this money in you to scale the face of k - 2. tess lean across the table , match they whisper for whisper . tess be that all I be ? a investment ? ouisa all right . track down everybody in you high school class . male. female . whatever . not just homosexual . drug addict . the kid might be a drug dealer . doug throw back he chair . doug why do you look at I when you say that ? do you think I be a addict ? a drug pusher ? I really resent the accusation . dr . fine no one be accuse you of anything . sit down . larkin get up and pace around the table . larkin I do not want to know . I do not want to know . I do not want to know . flan nobody be accuse anyone of anything . I be ask you to go on a detective search and find out from you high school class if anyone have meet a Black kid pretend to be a movie star 's son . 81 BEN he promise you part in cat ? ouisa it be not just that . it be fun . tess you go to cat . you say it be a all time low in a lifetime of theater go . ouisa consider . ouisa Film be a different medium . tess you say aeschylus do not invent theater to have it end up a bunch of chorus kid wonder which of they will go to Kitty kat Heaven . ouisa I do not remember say that . flan no , I think that be starlight Express - tess well , maybe he will make a movie of starlight Express and you can all be on roller skate ! the kide stand up . doug this be so humiliate . BEN this be so pathetic . tess this be so racist . ouisa this be not racist ! the kide stride out of the dine hall into the corridor . there parent run ahead try to circle they . 82 doug how can I get in touch with anybody in high school ? I have outgrown they . kitty now can you outgrow they ? you graduate a year ago ! the parent stop in front of the MAIN entrance block tess and doug and BEN 's escape . ouisa take a red book out of she bag and brandish at they . ouisa here be a copy of you yearbook . I want you to get the phone number of everybody in you class . you all go to the same board school . dr . fine you can charge it to my phone . ouisa call everyone in you class and ask they if they know -- the three kide try to break through the blockade . doug never ! tess this be the kgb . dr . fine you be on the phone all the time . now I ask you to make call all over the country and you become reticent . tess this be the entire mccarthy period . woody saunter up to he parent . he be very cool . flan and ouisa smile at he sweet attitude . woody I just want to get one thing straight . 83 flan finally , we hear from the peanut gallery . and woody scream at they in rage , he voice echoing , mindless of the student who freeze in the background as you would at a traffic accident . woody you give he my pink shirt ? you give a complete stranger my pink shirt ? that pink shirt be a Christmas present from you . I treasure that shirt . I love that shirt . my collar size have grow a full size from weight lift . and you see my arm have grow , you see my neck have grow . and you buy I that shirt for my new body . I love that shirt . the first shirt for my new body . and you give that shirt away . I can not believe it . I hate this life . I hate you . ext eliot house woody 's wrath grow and grow and drive ouisa and flan , indeed all the parent , out of the serene , venerable Harvard building onto the street . passersby stop and gape . woody do not care . doug you never do anything for I . tess you have never do anything but try to block I . BEN I be only this pathetic extension of you eighth rate personality . doug Social darwinism push beyond all limit . woody you give away my pink shirt ? tess you want I to be everything you be not . doug you say drug and look at I . the parent go down the street , speechless , defeat . 84 CUT to page of a yearbook turn . the page stop . tess ( vo ) trent conway . - ext the bank of the charle river day the four kide look through they high school yearbook . tess spot a face . they all consider . the kide trent conway . cu trent conway' yearbook picture trent be weasel face . very hard to read . not quite look into the yearbook photographer 's camera . tess trent conway . doug look at that beady eye stare out at I . BEN trent conway . woody he 's at MIT . int kittredge's live room day tess have come down to New York with news for she mother . tess so I go to MIT . he be there in he computer room and I just press he and press he and press he . I have this strapped to I . tess put a small tape recorder on the desk . tess turn it on . ouisa listen to the tape . trent's tape voice yes , I know Paul . int a computer room at massachusett institute of technology the camera focuss in on she thigh . we can see the slight bump where tess have strapped the recorder . 85 trent look up from he bank of computer at tess . trent 's pinch face look as if it have never , know one truly happy day . tess a but what happen between you ? trent it be ... it be ... ext a doorway rain night paul dress in rag clothes stand huddle in a doorway to get out of the freezing rain . trent pass by the doorway . trent be go . then trent reappear and stare at paul . int trent conway' apartment night paul stand against the white wall we have see earlier . rain . distant thunder . Jazz play somewhere . paul , unlike the elegant paul we have see , be dress in tear jeans , a rip tank top , dirty high top sneaker . this be the paul we first see . paul look at trent with a mixture of contempt and I dare you . paul stretch out on the bed . he pull out a thick address - book from under he . paul what 's this ? paul speak . street talk speech . hardly what we have hear . trent my address book . trent try to take the address book away from paul . paul all this name . address . tell I about this people . trent lie along side paul . trent this be where I want you to be ... right here ... paul , hypnotise by the - 'address book , slap trent away from he and get out of the bed . 86 paul ( fierce ) tell I about this people , man ! trent I just want to look at you . sorry . paul be this all rich people ? trent sit up in bed . trent no. Hand to mouth on a higher plateau . kittredge's live room ouisa look at the tape recorder , horrify at this judgement . ouisa how long do trent keep Paul ? tess shush ouisa . trent conway' apartment paul pace around the room , look into this book . paul I think it must be very hard to be with rich people . you have to have money . you have to give they present . trent not at all . Rich people do something nice for you , you give they a pot of jam . paul ( amazed ) that 's what pot of jam be for ? trent Orange . grapefruit . strawberry . but fancy . they have entire store fill with fancy pot of jam wrap in cloth . English . or french . paul I will tell you what I will do . I pick a name . you tell I about they . where they live . secret . and for each name you get a piece of clothing . trent all right . 87 paul pick a name at random , circle he finger and 0 plunging into the address book . paul kittredge . Talbot and woodrow . trent Talbot call tess be anorexic and be in a hospital for a while . paul take off a shoe and kick it to trent . kittredge's live room now it 's tess 's turn to be hurt . ouisa comfort tess . paul' tape voice they parent . trent conway' apartment trent ouisa and flan for flander kittredge . rhode Island I believe . Newport but not along the ocean . the street behind the ocean . he 's a art dealer . they have a kandinsky . paul a kan-- what - ski ? trent kandinsky . a double-side kandinsky . paul kick off he other shoe . kittredge's live room ouisa and tess look up at the kandinsky hang geometric side front . trent conway' apartment trent catch paul 's sneaker joyously . trent I feel like scheherazade ! trent embrace paul with fierce tenderness . maybe trent have one happy day and this be it . 88 trent I do not want you to leave I , Paul . I will go through my address book and tell you about family after family . you 111 never not fit in again . we will give you a new idea it .y. I will make you the most eagerly seek after young man in the East . and then I 'i1 come into one of this home one day --- and you will be there and I will be present to you . and I will pretend to meet you for the first time and we friendship will be witness by my friend , we parent ' friend . if it all happen under they nose , they can not judge I . they can not disparage you . I will make you a guest in they house . ask I another name . I would like to try for the shirt . paul kiss trent . paul that 's enough for today . paul take he shoe and the address book and go . kittred4 e' S live room 40 ouisa brushes tess 's hair as they listen . trent's tape voice Paul stay with I for three month . trent conway' apartment paul lean against the white wall . paul frown , then smile . all ready paul have begin to change from a street kid to someone quite preppy - very Ralph lauren . only on the surface . he 's still learn . trent this be the way you must speak . hear my accent . hear my voice . never say you be go horse back riding . you say you be go Riding . and do not say couch . say sofa . and you say bodd-ill . it 's bottle . say bottle of beer . paul bodd-ill a bee-ya . trent bottle of beer . 89 paul ( serious ) bodd-ill a bee-ya . ( flirtatious ) bodd-ill a bee-ya . ( suspicious ) bodd-ill a bee-ya . ( elate ) bottle of beer . trent clap . paul bow to trent . trent be face be transfigure with joy . computer room trent smile at tess but the smile be one of tight lipped stoicism . trent we go through the address book letter by letter . Paul vanish by the l' . he take the address book with he . well , he 's already be in all you house . maybe I will meet he again . I sure would like to . trent stand up signal a end to the conversation . he turn off he computer . tess his past ? his real name ? trent I do not know anything about he . it be a rainy night in Boston . he be in a doorway . that 's all . tess he take stuff from you ? trent besides the address book ? he take my stereo and sport jacket and my word processor and my laser printer . and my skis . and my tv . tess will you press charge ? trent no . tess it 's a felony . 90 trent why do they want to find he ? tes S they say to help he . if there 's a crime , the cop will get involved . trent look , we must keep in touch . we be friend for a brief bit in school . I mean we be really good friend . kittredge's live room tess's tape voice will not you press charge ? trent's tape voice please . tess lean forward - and snap off the tape recorder . ouisa be amaze . int lincoln CENTER metropolitan opera night flan and ouisa have bring they friend up to date . ouisa Paul learn all that in three month ! operagoer Three month ? flan Three month ! the chime ring , signal the start of the opera . ouisa who would have think it ? trent conway , the Henry higgins of we time . the group laugh and finish they drink as the usher unlock the door to the opera BOX . the group proceed in , decide who will sit where in the box and check they program . ouisa look into the vastness of the Metropolitan Opera House . the chandelier be rise into the ceiling . 91 operagoer # 1 Quick - what the hell be the story of this opera ? flan adjust he opera glass . a operagoer # 2 Boy meet girl . Boy lose girl . ouisa be distract . ouisa Paul must have look at all that name and say I be Columbus . I be magellan . I will sail into this new world . the camera come in on ouisa as she remember the kittredge live room . tess laugh . ouisa laugh . it 's a nice moment between this two . ouisa I read somewhere that everybody on this planet be separate by only six other people . six degree of separation . between we and everybody else on this planet . the President of the United States . A. gondolier in Venice . fill in the name . I find that a .] tremendously comforting that we be so close and b.] like chinese water torture that we be so close . because you have to find the right six people to make the connection . it 's not just big name . it 's anyone . a native in a rain forest . a tierra del fuegan . a eskimo . I be bound to everyone on this planet by a trail of six people . it 's a profound think . how Paul find we . how to find the man whose son he pretend to be . or perhaps j&amp ; he son , although I doubt it . how every person be a new door , open up into other world . six degree of separation between I and everyone else on this planet . but to find the right six people . tess kiss her mother . ouisa put out the light and they leave the room . 92 music the act one music of puccini' tosca suddenly swell up and continue under : the master bedroom night ouisa look out the window down into the park . ext central park the husky bay up at the moon . int lincoln CENTER metropolitan opera night the curtain come down on Act one of tosca . applause . sandy and connie ( yes ! pram the wedding ) have lean over from the next box . flan no . no news . ouisa he just vanish . flan nothing . all quiet . thank god . they pass out of the box into the champagne bar . everyone be very cheery . ouisa yes ! we be go to Rome . connie give ouisa a card with a name on it . ouisa read the card and pass it to flan . ouisa no ! I do not know they . flan smile when he see the card . flan always want to meet they ! of course we 'l 1 call . as soon as we get to Rome ! what fun ! 93 ext rome day the camera float high across the city head for ST . peter' basilica . it descend , circle ST . peter be , toward the vatican . flan ( vo ) Rome be always remarkable but to see - column flash past . the blur clear and we be move into int sistine chapel with flan and ouisa . they be escort , through a maze of scaffold , by a elderly italian art dealer . flan ( vo ) the sistine Chapel like this ! ouisa ( vo ) to stand at the very top on scaffold ! flan and ouisa ride up through the scaffold , in a rickety elevator . ouisa we be at the opera and run into they and they give we you address ! flan this be staggering ! they step out , in great excitement , right onto the sistine chapel scaffolding . flan ( vo ) they restore it after all this year - four italian worker scrub away at the ceiling a few foot above they . they refer constantly to bank of computer operate by two japanese . ouisa ( vo ) scrape all this paint off it flan ( vo ) and year of smoke and tourist and it 's brand new ! 94 ouisa look up . she be right beneath the hand of God touch the hand of man . she look at it in awe . to be this close to it ! the screen be fill with the clean ceiling of the sistine Chapel . int soho loft night flan and ouisa sit on cushion of a soho loft do in the most glamorous minimal japanese mode . flan the color be vibrant ! ouisa flan go for business but for I it be - the owner of this loft be a man , 40s , who be confine to a wheel chair , and he beautiful companion , a elegant japanese woman . the ten dinner guest be dress all in black , except ouisa who have on a bright chanel suit . she and flan have manage to capture stage center . the wheel chair man ( interrupting ouisa ) but what happen ! flan no . it 's not important - the japanese hostess you must ! ouisa well , the day we get back from Rome - flan we step out of the taxi from the airport and ext the kittredge's apartment build day flan step out of the cab first . ouisa ( vo ) we doorman whom we tip very well at Christmas and any time he do something nice for we -- we doorman spit at my husband , J. flander kittredge . I mean , spit at he ! the doorman - frank - good faithful loyal frank - hold the door open and spit at flan . 95 soho loft the crowd gasp . flan frown at ouisa for tell this part . flan darling , they do not have to know every detail . ext the kittredge's apartment build ouisa be afraid to come out of the cab . doorman you son ! I know all about you son . flan what about my son ? doorman not the little shit who life here . the other son . the secret son . the negro son you deny . flan the negro son ? doorman the black son you make live in Central Park while you be gallivant around Rome . the doorman spit at flan again . soho loft the japanese hostess be interested . the japanese hostess you have a black son ? flan no ! the cop bring this young girl to we ! ouisa the cop call we up and we go down to the precinct again ! int precinct day the detective sit on the edge of he desk . ouisa and flan sit in chair in the small office , look on uncomfortably . the emotion in the shabby room be too big for the size of it . they watch a young woman name elizabeth , in she mid-20 , seat behind the detective be desk . 96 elizabeth ( in a rage ) I want he dead . that 's all I want . soho loft ouisa lean forward at the dinner table . ouisa the next chapter . the party be silence . the precinct elizabeth my boy friend and I take a picnic into the park ext central park day rick , elizabeth and paul sprawl out on the grass in the sun , under the statue of the alaskan husky , the remain of a picnic around they . bongo drum play in the distance . elizabeth ( vo ) and we meet this guy and start sing and talk . rick , a nice young guy in he mid-twenty , play he guitar energetically , the three of they have a great time sing a cheery old rock song . paul be wear the pink shirt and the khakis but look pretty seedy . he eat hungrily . paul I be hallucinate from not eat - elizabeth if I tell people back home that New York have tree and picnic , they would swear I be lie . I love New York so much . look at it ! I can not get over it . rick we be here from Utah . paul do they have any black people in Utah ? rick maybe two . 97 elizabeth I see they once . two black people . rick yes , the Mormons bring in two . they all laugh , enjoy each other , the day , the meeting . elizabeth we come here to be actor . rick she win the all - state competition for comedy and drama . paul my gosh ! elizabeth stand up and declaim . elizabeth " the quality of mercy be not strain . it droppeth like the gentle rain from heaven .. " she 's not bad . but then she giggle and the shakespearean effect crumble . rick and we study and we wait table . elizabeth because you have to have technique . elizabeth and rick be very earnest . paul like the painter . cezanne look for the rule behind the spontaneity of impressionism . rick cez - that 's a painter ? elizabeth we do not know anything about painting . paul my dad love painting . he have a kandinsky but he love cezanne the most . he life up there . rick what ? 98 paul point up at 910 fifth , the home of the kittredge 's . paul he life up there . Count six window over . John flander kittredge . his chum - call he flan . I be the child of flan 's hippie day . his radical day . he go down South as a freedom marcher , to register black voter - he friend be kill . met my mother . registered she and marry she in a fit of sentimental righteousness and knock she up with I and come back here and abandon she . go to Harvard . he 's now a fancy art dealer . live up there . Count six window over . wo not see I . the new wife -- the white wife -- the louisa kittredge call I ouisa wife - the mother of the new child wife -- rick you brother and sister ? paul ( bitter ) they go to andover and Exeter and Harvard and Yale . the awful thing be my father start out good . my mother say there be a good man inside 's J. flander kittredge . elizabeth he will see you if he be that good . he can not forget you entirely . paul I call he . he hang up . rick go to he office - paul he do not have a office . he work out of there . they will not even let I in the elevator . rick dress up as a messenger . elizabeth say you have a masterpiece for he . " I get the mona Lisa waitin ' out in the truck . " 99 paul I do not want to embarrass he . look , this be so fuck tacky . ( pause ) you love each other ? a elizabeth a lot . rick and elizabeth touch each other 's hand . paul ( stand up to go ) I hope we can meet again . rick where do you live ? paul look around he and make a hopeless grand gesture . paul live ? I be , home . paul pick up two plastic shopping bag which be fill with clothing . elizabeth you be not out on the street ? paul you be such asshole . where would I live ? paul shrug he shoulder and leave . rick and elizabeth look at each other then follow he down the path lead through the park to the carousel . the carousel calliope play merrily . rick stay with we . elizabeth we just have a railroad flat in a tenement -- paul look at a bank of daffodil plant by the carousel . he begin pick a bouquet of daffodil . rick and elizabeth be be as persuasive as they can . rick it 's over a roller disco . the last of the roller discos but it 's quiet by five am and a great narrow space - 100 elizabeth a railroad loft and we could give you a corner . the tub 's in the kitchen but there 's light in the morning - soho loft ouisa and he do ! int rick and elizabeth' tenement day rick and elizabeth be tenement be disastrously crummy and probably violate every building code . but , yes , light do flow in through that one narrow window . paul put the bouquet of daffodil into a jelly jar and set it down on a board that cover the tub . the precinct elizabeth compose herself . ouisa pour elizabeth a glass of water . elizabeth he stay for a few week . he teach we so much . we even think he be the reason for come to New York . he open up a new world for we . that 's all anybody want , be not it ? a new world ? ouisa look at flan . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick and elizabeth listen intently to paul . paul this be the way you must speak . hear my accent . hear my voice . never say you be go horse back riding . you say you be go Riding . and do not say couch . say sofa . and you say bodd -ill . it 's bottle . say bottle of beer . rick bodd-ill a bee-ya . 101 elizabeth poke around in the refrigerator . elizabeth ( serious ) hello. ï¿½. _ ( flirtatious ) hello . ( she discover two bottle of beer ) hello hello ! she open the beer . paul regards rick for a moment . paul take the bottle of beer . rick and elizabeth share the other . paul bottle of beer . and never be afraid of rich people . you know what they love ? a fancy pot of jam . that 's all . get yourself a patron . that 's what you need . you should not be wait table . you be go to wake up one day and the temporary job you pick up to stay alive be go to be you full time life . elizabeth be strike by he advice and embrace paul gratefully . the precinct elizabeth be more pull together , sip she drink of water . flan take ouisa 's hand . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick and elizabeth have make love and lay on they back in bed and dream . rick I will tell you all the part I want to play . vanya in uncle vanya . elizabeth masha in Three sister . rick I would like a - elizabeth be on fire with happiness and unwittingly cut off rick . elizabeth no , irina first . the young one who yearn for love . 102 rick I would like a shot at - elizabeth then masha who love . rick I would like a shot - elizabeth then the oldest one , olga , who never know love ! rick 'wait to see that elizabeth be through , then : rick I would like a shot at laert . I think it 's a much better part . elizabeth gaze in a mirror that - she hold close to she face . elizabeth do you think it will hurt I ? rick what will hurt you ? elizabeth my resemblance to liv ullmann . paul run into the loft . paul he write I ! I write he and he _ write I back ! he 's go to give I a thousand dollar ! and that 's just for starter ! he sell a cezanne to the japanese and make million and he can give I money without she know it . paul let out a whoop and leap up onto the bed with rick and elizabeth in it and begin jump up and down . elizabeth I know it ! paul go to a corner which contain a single mattress on the floor and begin to pack he few thing back in the plastic bag . paul I be move out of here ! 103 elizabeth reach for she robe and pull it on . rick pull on he jeans . elizabeth you can not ! rick no ! rick and elizabeth surround paul to make he stay . paul hug they . paul but I be go to give you the money to put on a showcase of any play you want and you will be in it and agent will come see you and you will be see and you will be start . and when you win you oscar - both of you - you will look in the camera and thank I - elizabeth love the moment and weep she acceptance speech . elizabeth I want to thank Paul kittredge . rick thanks , Paul ! they all hug each other and that 's real . paul one hitch . I be go to meet he in Maine . he 's up there visit he parent in Dark Harbor . my grandparent whom I have never meet . he 's finally go to tell my grandparent about I . he 's go to make up for lose time . he 's go to give I money . I can go back home . get my momma that beauty parlor she 's want all she life . one problem . how be I go to get to Maine ? the wife check all the bill . he have to account for the money . she handle the purse string . where the hell be I go to get two hundred and fifty dollar to get to Maine ? elizabeth how long would you need it for ? paul I will be go a week . but I could wire it back to you . 104 paul go into the john to take he toothbrush and razor . elizabeth pull on she dress and straighten out she hair . rick ( quiet ) we could lend it to he for a week . elizabeth ( quiet ) we can not . if something happen - rick ( quiet ) you be like he stepmother . this woman hold on to all the purse string . elizabeth no . we work too hard to save that . paul come out of the john . rick - always laid back - be suddenly quite angry . elizabeth Paul . I be sorry . we just can not . paul look . no problem . I understand . elizabeth I will meet you both after work . if you father love you , he will get you the ticket up there . paul he do . it will work out . hey . posture . stand up straight . do not slump . Attitudes of defeat . elizabeth kiss paul and look at sullen rick and leave . soho loft ouisa she be one of that army of young people who come to New York fill with dream and end up on a treadmill work and work just to stay alive . int a west side restaurant night elizabeth be one of the few waitress in this crowded bar and work very hard . ext cash machine night elizabeth gape at the information on the screen . 105 cu message on screen " account close " elizabeth begin hit the machine to get she card back . elizabeth pick up the phone on the machine and call the emergency number . elizabeth ( in phone ) there 's some mistake . it say my joint account - can you see the number on the screen - that 's right . that 's my name . and he name . Joint account . what do you mean ? close ? who close the account ? who take everything out of the account ? who do this ! give I my card back ! the guy next in line nudge she . the next customer let somebody else in here . ext the kittredge's apartment build night a hysterical elizabeth go into the lobby . frank , the doorman , be have a snooze . elizabeth shake he . he wake up terrify at the sight of this hysterical creature over he . elizabeth - people name kittredge . this kittredge guy have a black son he make live in the park - frank Mr. kittredge have what ? elizabeth his black son take money from I - frank you have to be quiet elizabeth I want to get up to see they ! frank you will have to call or write a letter - elizabeth they owe I money ! R 106 frank take elizabeth by the arm and usher she out of the kittredge's apartment build . frank , the doorman , bolt the front door to the-building . elizabeth bang on the door . elizabeth I be here try to get to meet people . I be strand . who do I know to go to ? I want my money . I work table . I work hard . a cab pull up . a posh couple step out of the cab to go into 910 fifth . they look at elizabeth . elizabeth " the quality of mercy be not strain ? " fuck you , quality of mercy . frank open the door quickly . the posh couple scoot in . elizabeth kick the building . int orso' restaurant night flan and ouisa have come to this Broadway italian restaurant after the theater with a man and woman who from they dress and manner be obviously in the theater : andrew and zeannie . flan and ouisa be in mid-story . flan - all over the building that I have abandon some mistake of my past in Central Park ! the couple gasp ! jeannie but it 's too fantastic ! flan can not you just see I march down South for freedom now ! ouisa ( proudly ) yes . yes , I can . flan it be so embarrassing . andrew horrible ! 107 ouisa it be not so embarrassing . jeannie I bet flan love be outrage . flan ( mock outrage ) I do not ! andrew you do ! flan love get into high dudgeon ! his cheek go all rosy ! look at he cheek ! dudgeon become he . they all laugh as the waitress put down the plate of food . flan to high dudgeon ! they all toast . but ouisa have stop laugh . int rick and elizabeth' ten eme not night elizabeth sit up in bed in the dark . she impassively watch a rat scramble across the floor . rick come in , drain , dress in a baby blue tuxedo with a ruffle blue shirt - the kind of tux wear at high school prom . rick ( bright ) hi! elizabeth put on the light . elizabeth where 's the money ? back in orso' restaurant ouisa continue she tale . duisa - she understandably want to know . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick laugh brightly and sit beside her on the bed . 108 rick no ! let I explain . Paul find some extra money of he own and he want to thank we for stay here ! he would have treat you but you have to work or else we would have . we rent this tuxedo ! be not it a gas ! he 's go to give we the money back ! and then I be go to take you to the rainbow room . that 's where we go ! I bring you match ! int the rainbow room night rick , in he ruffle blue tux , and , paul , in impeccable black tie , look into the rainbow room . the captain take they to a table by the window . rick and paul look out over the city . the view be magic ! rick ( whisper ) now do we get this table ! paul stick with I , baby . I know the right name to drop . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick ( laugh brightly ) and it 's not that expensive for what you get . well , it 's not a bargain but it 's the rainbow room the waiter open a bottle of champagne . rick how a I go to explain to Elizabeth about the money ? paul taste the champagne . the waiter pour . paul she will have it back . with interest . wonderful bouquet . bouquet . that 's what you call the taste of the wine . and I believe that wine from the even numbered year be generally the superior to the odd numbered year . although it 's just a theory - cheer ! skol ! prosit ! rick you be just about the great - the dance orchestra play a salute to 1930 's romance . 109 paul do you want to dance ? rick Elizabeth have never see anything l_4e here . I wish she be ... who do we dance with ? the orchestra segues into a tango . paul stand . rick we be guy . paul every moment in life be a learn experience or what good be it ? right ? right ? rick well , yes . paul then let this bunch of jerk see class . orso' restaurant flan nod for they dinner guest , andrew and jeannie . a little bit of titillation . flan they dance . that 's right ! High over New York City . the rainbow room rick and paul go to the dance floor and begin to dance , paul lead . rick loving it . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick try to laugh it up into a wild experience . elizabeth sit impassively . rick I swear nothing like this ever happen in Utah . the rainbow room at first people do not notice rick and paul dance . then people do notice . 110 rick ( vo ) and , I will tell you , nothing like that must have ever happen at the rainbow room because they ask we to leave . it be so funny . paul spin rick round and round and the camera spin with they . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick you will love the place . it 's up so high . the rainbow room the camera spin around the panoramic view sixty - five floor and then spin out of the window down onto ext the ice rink rockefeller CENTER night the camera focuss in on a couple spin in the middle of the ice . rick and paul , hysterical with laughter , cut through rockefeller Center and then come to fifth Avenue where a hansom carriage wait . the driver tip he hat to this customer . paul jump into the hansom carriage . rick we do not have any money - paul amigo ! when will you learn ! money be one commodity you can always get . the hansom carriage proceed up to Central Park . rick lean forward look out the isinglass window . rick I be go to have to explain to Elizabeth about the money and calm she . she get so nervous about - ( paul draw a circle on rick 's back . ) hey , stop that . Paul . come on . paul I be wonder if I could fuck you . rick laugh . then see paul be serious . rick I do not do thing like that . 111 paul that 's what make it so nice . you do not . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick reach over and turn off the light by the bedside . downstair we hear the throb beginning of the roller disco . elizabeth look at he coldly . rick - and he do and it be fantastic . the hansom carriage time have pass . paul kiss a amaze , muss rick on the mouth and jump out of the carriage and go off into the dark . ext central park the driver stand up see paul run out . rick run out of the carriage after paul . the driver chase they . cu rick lose in the nighttime park . rick look up and see the statue of the husky . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick pace back and forth . rick do not we come here for experience ? right ? we can use this . right ? elizabeth lie on she stomach on the bed away from he . the precinct elizabeth roll a pencil back and forth on the desk . flan and ouisa watch sympathetically . elizabeth he ramble on for hour . his own father warn I Rick be a fool and I look at Rick and know he father be right . 112 rick and elizabeth' tenement rick pace back and forth in a rage , pull at he tux . rick - - my father be not right ! I can not have he be right . I want experience . we come here for experience . what 's so wrong with that ? right ? elizabeth be repell by he . elizabeth do not touch I ! the precinct elizabeth rub she hand over she face as if try to get the memory away . ouisa look at flan and the detective . elizabeth he go on for a long time try to get I just to look at he . I could not even do that . rick and elizabeth' tenement rick but I do not come here to do this or lose that or be this or do this to you . not to you . look at I ? Elizabeth ! what do I let he do to I ? elizabeth nobody do this but you . back in orso' restaurant flan now the amazing part be ouisa talk about six degree flan we be in the roller disco that night ! andrew and jeannie 's jaw drop . 113 ouisa yes ! there we be roller skate for heart disease or cancer - flan it be illiteracy . int roller DISCO night middle aged people all dolled up roll skate around and around try to keep they balance to 40s swing music . among the skater we spot flan and ouisa at this roller DISCO benefit skate round and round breathlessly go faster and faster , laugh and laugh . light flash and whirl . orso' restaurant ouisa I have not skate in I hate to tell you how many year - flan we come outside giddy and reeling 0 ext roller DISCO night light reflect in a puddle on the wet street . the camera pull back to reveal it be a puddle of blood , seeping out of a crumpled body . ouisa ( vo ) the body must have just land there in a clump flan ( vo ) because the blood seeping out have not yet reach the gutter ... ouisa ( vo ) the blood just ooze out slowly towards the curb . flan and ouisa and another couple , sandy and connie from the wedding , stop at the sight . they stare at the body that have slam into the pavement . the body of rick . flan ( VC ) the boy have jump from above . ouisa ( vo ) we just miss it by minute . 114 orso' restaurant ouisa perhaps we could have save he - call a ambulance - but it be too late - flan he could have land on we ! andrew and jeannie be appal . no ! ouisa frown . jeannie it 's so funny you say that . yesterday we walk through the park by Gracie mansion andrew and it be cold and we see police put a jacket on a man sit on a bench . jeannie only we get closer and it be not a jacket . andrew it be a body bag . a homeless person have freeze during the night . ouisa be it that cold ? andrew sometimes there be period where you see death everywhere . flan wave to someone over there . the waitress bring coffee . ouisa look straight ahead . the precinct day ouisa and flan sit with the detective and elizabeth . detective when this young lady tell I the black kid be you son , it all seem to come into place . what I be say be she will press charge . elizabeth I want Paul dead . he take all we money . he take my life . Rick 's dead ! you bet you life I will press charge . 115 ouisa we have not see he since that night . detective find he . we might have a case . a ouisa how do we find he ? flan we will trap he . I will release it to the papers . I can call the New York Times . I have friend . they will publish the story . someone will see it . and turn he in . we will find Paul . ouisa six degree . six degree . ouisa look at flan . flan be so secure . int the front door of the kittredge's apartment day flan , in he bathrobe , open the door and pick up the morning paper . t he scan through the paper , then let out a whoop and run through the apartment to insert new york time article entitle : " who say New yorker do not have a heart " the kitchen ouisa be make a breakfast drink at the blender . flan ( read from the Times ) " smart sophisticated tough New yorker such as J. flander kittredge who open they home and pocket book to a young man learn yesterday they have be boondoggle by a confidence man now want by police - flan pound the kitchen counter in glee . ouisa look at he , askance . ext lincoln CENTER the state theatre night the fountain shoot up . the camera drift up the face of the State theatre . it 's intermission . flan and ouisa be out on the terrace in , .mid story talk to a couple ( alex and lily ) who be there with a young girl who be obviously a aspire ballerina . 116 lily I do not see that piece . alex we be in aspen . the chime signal the intermission 's end . flan I will send you the clipping . ouisa you could wall paper the Empire State Building with all the copy he make . alex we will meet right here at the next intermission - they return inside . the young ballerina do you ever hear from sidney poitier ? flan no . alex do you hear from the boy ? flan no . ext cathedral of ST . JOHN the divine day ouisa and flan get out of a taxi in front of this gothic cathedral . they see kitty and flan run down the street to the same destination . int cathedral of ST . JOHN the divine ouisa and flan walk down the aisle with kitty and larkin . kitty come for dinner with we after ouisa we would love to but can not ! flaw so sorry ! have to work . 117 ouisa Black - tie auction - sotheby 's - flan lean in close to kitty . top secret . a flan we be bid tonight on a henri Matisse . larkin the nude ? the bather ? the dancer ? they cut down a side aisle . flan it 's a second level Matisse - ouisa but a Matisse - kitty who be you buy it for ? the japanese ? Germans ? a organ suddenly begin play a triumphant bach cantata . ouisa not allow to tell . ouisa turn to look up at the choir loft . larkin then it 's the Germans . flan they will go as high as - ouisa do not tell all the family secret - flan well over 25 million . larkin out of which you will keep - ouisa not that much in this new market . 118 flan ugh . bring back the 80s . I will have to give most of it away , but the good part be it give I a credibility in this new market . it 's all out of whack . everything 's up . everything 's down . I mean , a David Fucking hockney print sell for a hundred buck fifteen year ago go for thirty four thousand dollar ! a print ! a flower . you know geoffrey . we South African - ouisa shush flan . they have arrive at int the baptistry of the cathedral of ST . JOHN the divine ouisa and flan be part of the group in this stone gothic chamber witness the baptism of the infant child of two friend of theirs . kitty and larkin be the godparent . everybody applaud as the priest shake the water on the baby 's head . cu a shower head spew a jet of water int kittridge's master bedroom / bathroom early evening flan be in the shower sing merrily . flan the Matisse will be mine - for a few hour then off to Tokyo off to Saudi ouisa be on the speaker phone with tess while she be dress for the auction . tess ( vo ) what do you have on ? ouisa I be totally dolled up . the black . have you see it ? I have to tell you the sign I see today . cruelty - free cosmetics . a store be sell cruelty - free cosmetics . int harvard dorm room tess be curl up on she bed enjoy this chat . 119 tess mother , that be such a beautiful thing . do you realize the agony cosmetic company put rabbit through to test eye shadow ? a master bedroom ouisa dearest , I know that . I be only talk about the phrase . cruelty - free cosmetics should take away all evidence of time and cellulite and -- harvard dorm room tess mother , I be get marry . master bedroom ouisa pick up the receiver on the cordless phone . this be too important for 'a speaker phone . ouisa I think you be go to Afghanistan . tess ( vo ) I be go to get marry and then go to Afghanistan . ouisa one country at a time . you be not get marry . harvard dorm room tess immediately so deeply negative -- ouisa ( vo ) I know everyone you know and you be not marrying any of they . tess the arrogance that you would assume you know everyone I know . the way you say it : I know everyone you know - master bedroom in the background , flan shave at the bathroom mirror . 120 ouisa unless you meet they in the last two day - you can not hold a secret . ( the other line ring ) wait - I be put you on hold tess ( vo ) no one ever call on that number . ouisa wait . hold on . tess ( vo ) mother ! ouisa hello ? ext unidentified phone booth dusk light flash on the glass of this unspecified location . paul , frighten , be on a street phone and dress as he be when trent first meet he , rag , scared . paul hello ? back in the master bedroom ouisa Paul ? we will cut back and forth between this two location for the remainder of this scene . at time , the two will share the screen . during this scene ouisa walk throughout the apartment speak on the cordless phone . paul I see the story in the paper . I do not know the boy kill himself . he give I the money . I do not steal any - ouisa let I put you on hold . I be talk to my child . paul if you put I on hold , I will be go and you ' will never hear from I again . ouisa pause . 121 harvard dorm room tess mother ! I - a tess be cut off . back in the kittredge's hall ouisa you have to turn yourself in . the boy comaitted suicide . you steal the money . the girl be press charge . they be go to get you . why not turn yourself in and you can get of for easier . you can strike a bargain . learn when you be trap . you be so brilliant . you have such promise . you need help . paul would you help I ? ouisa what would you want I to do ? paul stay with you . ouisa that 's impossible -. paul why ? ouisa my husband feel you betrayed he . paul do you ? ouisa you be lunatic ! and pick that drek off the street . be you suicidal ? do you have aids ? be you infect ? paul I do not have it . it 's a miracle . but I do not . do you feel I betrayed you ? if you do , I will hang up and never bother you again - ouisa where have you be ? 122 paul travel . ouisa you be not in trouble ? I mean , more trouble ? paul no , I only visit you . I do not like the first people so much . they go out and just leave I alone . I do not like the doctor . he be too eager to please . and he leave I alone . but you . you and you husband . we all stay together . cuisa what do you want from we ? paul everlasting friendship . ouisa nobody have that . paul you do . ouisa what do you think we be ? paul you be go to tell I secret ? you be not what you appear to be ? you have no secret . trent conway tell I what you kid have tell he over the year . ouisa what have the kid tell he about we ? paul I do not tell that . I save that for blackmail . ouisa then perhaps I would better hang up . paul ( panic ) no ! I go to a museum ! I like toulouse - Lautrec ! ouisa as well you should . paul I read the Andy Warhol diary . 123 duisa ahh , you have become a aesthete . paul be you laugh at I ? ouisa no . I read they too . paul I read the agony and the ecstasy by Irving Stone about Michelangelo painting the sistine Chapel . duisa you be ahead of I there . paul have you see the sistine Chapel ? ouisa oh yes . even go to the top of it in a rickety elevator to watch the man clean it . paul you have be to the top of the sistine Chapel ? paul lean into the phone , amaze , as the screen flood with the brightly color ceiling of the int sistine chapel ouisa and flan stand on the top of a rickety platform . the woriockn slap it . ouisa ( vo ) absolutely . stood right under the hand of God touch the hand of man . the workman hit it . hit it . it 's only a fresco . ouisa look up at the hand of God . she laugh and slap the hand of God . paul smile in wonderment as the screen fill with color . but then we be out of he imagination and see the squalid surroundings of he phone booth . paul you slap God 's hand ! 124 kittredge's live room ouisa I slap God 's clean hand . and you know what they clean it with ? all this technology ? q-tip and water . paul be thrilled by this bit of knowledge . paul no ! ouisa clean away the year of grime and soot and paint oven . q-tip and water change the history of western art . vivid color . paul take I to see it ? ouisa take you to see it ? Paul , they think you might have murder someone ! you steal money ! 0 flan appear , need help with he stud . flan honey , could you give I a hand with -- ouisa ( mouth to flan ) it 's Paul . flan go to the other phone . flan I will call that detective . the other phone line ring . flan pick it up . int harvard dorm room tess dad ! we be cut off . I be get marr - flan ( vo ) darling , could you call back - tess I be get marry and go to Afghanistan - 125 back in the kittridge's live room flan we cannot talk about this now - harvard dorm room tess I be go to ruin my life and get marry and throw away everything you want I to be because it 's the only way to hurt you ! tess hang up . another phone be pick up . it be at the precinct . the detective do not even get to say " hello " . flan ( on the phone ) I have get that kid on the line . detective find out where he be . kittredge's live room flan ( mouth to ouisa ) find out where he be paul who 's there ? ouisa look , why do not you cone here . where be you ? paul , press in the batter phone booth , do not want to be in this cold street with its brightly light squalor . he want to be at ouisa 's , but he fear win out . paul I come there and you will have the cop wait . ouisa you have to trust we . paul why ? ouisa because - we like you . 126 flan ( mouth ) where be he ? paul , strain to hear , get very paranoid . paul who 's there ? it's - I be not here . it 's flan . flan groan impatiently . paul brighten . the operator make noise . paul drop a coin in the box . paul be you in tonight ? I could come and make a feast for you . ouisa we be go out now . but you could be here when we come back . flan be you nut ! tell a crook we be go out . the house be empty . paul where be you go ? ouisa to sotheby 's . flan grab the phone . flan ( sarcastic ) the key 's under the mat ! paul be as cheery as he can be . paul hi ! can I come to sotheby 's ? flan thrust the phone back to ouisa . 127 ouisa hi. paul I say hi to flan . ouisa flan ouisa paul that 's wonderful ! I will come ! ouisa you can not . paul why ? I be helpful last time - flan thank he - he be very help - ouisa hand flan the phone . flan Paul ? you be helpful get I that money for the cezanne . you impressed geoffrey - paul really ! I be think maybe that 's what I should do be what you do - in art but make money out of art and meeting people and not work in a office - flan you only see the glam side of it . there 's a whole grotty side that - paul I could learn the grotty - flan you have to have art history . you have to have language . you have to have economics - -- paul I be fast . I could do it . do you kid want to 128 flan no , it 's not really a profession you hand down from generation to gen - what the hell at I talk career counsell to you ! you embarrassed I in my building ! you steal money . there be a warrant out for you arrest . ' ouisa ( wrest the phone away ) do not hang up ! Paul ? be you there ? Paul ! ( to flan ) you make he hang up - paul I be here . ouisa you be ! who be you ? what 's you real name ? paul if you let I stay with you , I will tell you . that night be the happiest night I ever have . ouisa ( to flan ) it be the happiest night he ever have . flan oh please . I be not a bullshitter but never bullshit a bullshitter . flan go . she pace into the kitchen , look at the implement paul have use that night , the funny candelabra . ouisa why ? paul you let I use all the part of myself that night - ouisa open the door into the dine room . ouisa it be magical . that salinger stuff - she turn on the chandelier in the dine room . paul graduation speech at groton two year ago . ouisa you cooking - 129 paul other people 's recipe . do you see Donald harthleme 's obituary ? he say collage be the art form of the 20th century . ouisa everything be somebody else 's - paul not you child . not you life . she walk around the empty dining room table . ouisa yes . you get I there . that be mine . it be no one else 's . paul you do not sound happy . she walk back into the live room . ouisa there 's so much you do not know . you be so . smart and so stupid - paul slam the side of the phone booth . paul ( furious ) never say I be stupid - ouisa have some flexibility ! you be stupid not to recognize what you could be . paul what could I be ? ouisa so much . paul with you behind I ? ouisa perhaps . you like that night ? I have think since that you spend all you time laugh at we . paul no . 130 she walk down the hall . duisa that you have bring that awful hustling thing back to show we you contempt - paul I be so happy . I want to add sex to it . do not you do that ? ouisa look into the master bedroom and go in . duisa ( pause ) no . paul I will tell you my name . ouisa please ? paul it 's Paul poitier -kittredge . it 's a hyphenate name . she sit on she bed . ouisa Paul ? you need help . go to the police . turn yourself in . you will be over it all the sooner . you can start . paul start what ? ouisa you life . paul will you help I ? ouisa stand up . ouisa I will help you . but you have to go to the police and go to jail and - paul will you send I book and polaroid of you and cassettes ? and letter ? 131 ouisa yes . ouisa walk rapidly down the hall . paul will you visit I ? ouisa I will visit you . paul and when you do , you will wear you best clothes and knock they dead ? she 's in the live room . ouisa I will knock they dead . but you have get to be careful in prison . you have to use condom . paul I will not have sex in prison . I only have sex when I be happy . ouisa go to the police . paul will you take I ? ouisa I will give you the name of - the detective to see - paul I will be treat with care if you take I to the police . if they do not know you be special , they kill you . ouisa I do not think they kill you . paul put the phone receiver over he head in a sudden gesture of fear . then he return the receiver to he ear . paul Mrs. louisa kittredge , I be black . pause . 132 ouisa I will deliver you to they with kindness and affection . paul and I will plead guilty and go to prison and serve a few month . ouisa a few month top . paul then I will come out and work for you and learn - ouisa we will work that out . paul I want to know now . ouisa yes . you will work for we . paul learn all the trade . not just the grotty part . ouisa top to bottom . paul and live with you . ouisa no . paul you kid be away . ouisa you should have you own place . paul you will help I find a place ? ouisa we will help you find a place . paul I have no furniture . 133 ouisa we will help you out . paul beam as he become the paul from that night . his imagination be off and run . the light , from wherever he be , shine on he face and reflect on the break glass of the booth . paul I make a list of thing I like in the museum . Philadelphia chippendale . ouisa believe it or not , we have two Philadelphia chippendale chair - paul I would rather have one nice piece than a room full of junk . ouisa quality . always . you will have all that . Philadelphia chippendale . paul all I have to do be go to the police . ouisa make it all history . put it behind you . paul tonight . ouisa it can not be tonight . I will take you tomorrow . we have a auction tonight at sotheby 's - paul bring I ? ouisa I can not . it 's black tie . paul I have black tie from a time I go to the rainbow room . have you ever be to the rainbow room ? ouisa yes . 134 paul what time do you have to be there ? ouisa eight o'clock . paul it 's five thirty now . you could come get I now and take I to the police tonight and then go to sotheby 's -- ouisa we be go to drink before at the Pierre . paul japanese ? ouisa Germans . paul you be just like my father . ouisa which father ? paul sidney ! pause . ouisa Paul . he 's not you father . and flander . be not you father . flan come in to the live room , dress . flan oh fuck . we have drink with the japanese at six - fifteen - get off that fuck phone . be it that kid ? get he out of we life ! get off that phone or I will rip it out of the wall ! ouisa ( look at flan ) Paul , I make a mistake . it be not the Germans . we will come right now and get you . where be you ? tell I ? I will take you to the police . they will treat you with dignity . 135 ext phonebooth by the marquee of the waverly theater , greenwich village paul I be in the lobby of the waverly movie theater on Sixth Avenue and third Street . kittridge's live room ouisa we will be there in half a hour . paul I will give you fifteen minute grace time . ouisa we will be there . Paul . we love you . paul ouisa. , I love you . ouisa kittredge . hey ? bring a pink shirt . ouisa we will have a wonderful life . she hang up and look at flan . ouisa we can skip the shmoozing . pick the boy up , take he to the police and be at sotheby 's before eight . int a formal dine room of all the partie we have be to , this be the most luxurious of all , give by one of New York 's legendary hostess 's , a glamorous woman who must be in she late 80s , mrs . bannister . ouisa and flan be here . this dinner be really a state occasion in honor of that United Nations type at mrs . bannister be right . but flan and ouisa have capture the table . ouisa t the story end there ... flan it do not ! clearly ouisa be as disturb by the tell of the event as flan be energize . 136 ouisa there be so many other people here tonight . we do not mean to take up so much mrs . bannister slam she napkin down . mrs . bannister no ! it 's my supper and I command you to sing ! flan we call we new best friend , the detective . ouisa we tell they Paul be at the waverly theater . flan ( to he dinner partner ) Sixth Avenue and third Street . the lobby . ouisa but we have promise Paul that we would bring he to the police . we tell the police he be special . flan well , ouisa do . ouisa the detective say he would honor we promise . flan we skip the cocktail ouisa but we do not count on ext traffic on fifth avenue ouisa and flan in dinner clothes be stick in a traffic jam . ouisa ( vo ) traffic traffic traffic flan get out of the car and look ahead in this din of honk horn . ext waverly movie theater , greenwich village night flan and ouisa speed up Sixth Avenue and double park in front of the waverly Movie theater . two cop car be there . Red light spin . people gape on the street . 137 they see paul be drag into one of the two cop car , t kick and scream . the cop throw paul into the back seat . flan try to talk to one of the police while ouisa run up to the cop car window . paul , be handcuff , look at ouisa . he smile as if he 's bump into duisa at a cocktail party . paul the kandinsky be paint on both side . duisa be startle . the cop slam the car door on paul . ouisa Paul ? Officer ? let I go with you - I promise I would take he ! officer Lady . out of the way -- flan take ouisa 's-arm . ouisa we have to do soaething ! flan let 's just get the hell out of here . the cop car pull away , siren blaring . paul turn and look at ouisa . betrayal . back in the formal dine room mrs . bannister there 's nothing more you can do - flan what could we do ? we try . ouisa go to the precinct . int the precinct day duisa hand the detective 's card to the desk clerk . clerk he 's transfer . ouisa since yesterday ? he 's be handle this 138 clerk he 's transfer - ouisa this be about a arrest make yesterday at the waverly Movie theater - the clerk check the record . clerk this precinct do not do any business at the waverly theater . ouisa I do not imagine it - clerk I be not say you do . ouisa could you find out which precinct - the clerk look through the book . clerk the name ? ouisa poitier . he 's a young black man . or maybe kittredge . I do not know the exact name - clerk be you family ? ouisa not exactly . but the detective promise I yesterday that I could go with the young man when he be arraign to let they know he be special . clerk we have no record of it . some other precinct must have make the arrest . it sound like you special friend be want for something else . ouisa like what ? clerk Lady , how can I help you ? you do not even know you friend 's name . 139 ouisa we can find anybody - six degree the clerk close the book . back in the formal dine room ouisa we be not family . we do not know Paul 's name . ext hogan place the district attorney' office day ouisa ( vo ) I go to the District Attorney 's office . we be not family . we do not know Paul 's name . ext the criminal court build ouisa ( vo ) I call the criminal court . I be not family . I do not know Paul 's name . the formal dine room ouisa you see , I read today that a young man commit suicide in riker 's Island . tied a shirt around he neck and hang himself . be it the pink shirt ? this burst of color ? the pink shirt . be it Paul ? we never find out who he be . flan I be sure it 's not he . mrs . bannister yes . I agree . be not it amazing . flan he will be back . we have not hear the last of he . the imagination . he will find a way . could we talk about something else ? we guest of honor tonight - it 's such a pleasure to meet you - but. the guest of honor from the UN lean forward . the guest of honor why do it mean so much to you ? 140 ouisa he want to be we . everything we be in the world , this paltry thing -- we life - - he want it . he stab himself to get into we life . he envied we . we be not enough to be envied . flan like the papers say . we have heart . ouisa have a heart be not the point . we be hardly take in . we believe he -- for a few hour . he do more for we in a few hour than we child ever do . he want to be you child . do not let that go . he sit out in that park and say that man be my father . he 's in trouble and we do not know how to help he . flan help he ? he could have kill I . and you . the guest agree . ouisa you be attract to he - flan throw down he napkin in mock outrage . almogj mock outrage . flan cut I out of that pathology ! you be on you own - ouisa attract by youth and he talent and the embarrassing prospect of be in the movie version of cat . do you put that in you Times piece ? and we turn he into anecdote to dine out on . like this . as we be right now . but it be a experience . I will not turn he into a anecdote . how do we fit what happen to we into life without turn it into a anecdote with no tooth and a punch line we will mouth over and over for year to come . " tell the story about the imposter who come into we life --- " " that remind I of the time this boy - - " . and we become this human juke box spilling out this anecdote . but it be a experience . how do we keep the experience ? ouisa look around the dinner table . the guest have decide to start on they dinner . 141 flan ( to he dinner partner ) that 's why I love painting . cezanne . the problem he bring up be the problem painter be still deal with . color. structure . that be problem . ouisa ( to herself ) there be color in my life , but I be not aware of any structure . flan what be you say , darling ? ouisa look at flan clinically . flan frown and turn back to he dinner partner brightly . flan cezanne would leave blank space in he canvass if he could not account for the brush stroke , give a reason for the color . ouisa then I be a collage of unaccount - for brush stroke . I a all random . ouisa stand up from the dinner table . her chair scrape . there be a embarrassed rush . mrs . bannister ( a order ) sit down . ouisa leave the dinner table . the corridor outside the formal dinner party ouisa push the elevator button . flan come into the hall . flan what kind of behavior be - ouisa God , flan , how much of you life can you account for ? the elevator door open . flan do you realize how important this woman be ! she step in the elevator . flan follow . 142 they descend in silence , not want a scene in front of the the operator . the elevator door open into the lobby . int park avenue lobby night flan follow ouisa through the lobby . flan be you drunk ? what be you unhappy about ? the cezanne sale vent through . the Matisse go through . we be rich . geoffrey 's rich . next month there 's a Bonnard and after that - ouisa this be the time I would take a knife and dig out you heart . answer I ? how much of you - flan - life can I account for ! all ! I be a gambler ! ouisa smile at the simplicity of she realization . ouisa we be a terrible match . ouisa step out onto ext park avenue night flan ( follow ouisa ) she be a very important woman . I be hope to do business ! do you see the painting on she wall ! she might want to sell ! she flan glare at her and turn back into the lobby and return to the party . ousia move to follow flan , then walk up park avenue , lose , agitate , unsure . ouisa walk on , remember the sistine chapel . ouisa 's hand complete the action . ouisa slap the frescoed ceiling of the sistine Chapel . ouisa slap the Hand of God ! park avenue ouisa gasp when she look in a shop window