no. 02159 exec . producer : ned - tanen ( formerly : # 00908 ) producer : Hilton Green June 22 , 1983 sixteen candle final draft screenplay by JOHN hughes # 02159 sixteen candle fade in ext . suburban neighborhood - dawn a quiet , upper-middle class , North shore Chicago suburb . a chevy blazer cruise slowly down the street . Morning paper be pitch out the window . a dog run between the house . it 's early autumn . ext . baker house a attractive , old , three - story brick colonial . a news - paper fly into frame , strike the corner of the house and drop into the bush , a good twenty foot from the porch . a alarm clock go off with a jarring bzzzzz ! int . house - second floor hallway the alarm continue for a beat . it stop and the house explode with activity as the Baker family wake and scramble about they morning activity . there 's Jim Baker , midforty , father , insurance executive , tall , lean , somewhat meek - look , in he suit pants and handlebar undershirt scurrying to the bathroom . jim let 's go ! chop , chop ! we have get relative invade this afternoon ! he slam 's the bathroom door . his wife , Brenda , whip out of the bedroom in she housecoat and head down the stair . she 's also in she midforty , strong , attractive and dominant . Mike Baker , ten , wander out of he bedroom , . stratching he rear end , yawn . he 's young trouble , preteen maniac boy . brenda ( as she descend ) Ginny ! Mike ! Sara ! Sam ! mike ( phoney , pain ) oh , God . I think I have a fever . Sara Baker , seven , come out of she room . she 's all sweetness and cute . continued 3 - a #02159 2 continued 3 SARA you do not have a fever . mike why do not you shut you face ? SARA make I . Mike raise a fist . Sara shriek . SARA dad ! Mike hit I ! mike _ you liar ! the bathroom door open and Jim come out with a toothbrush in he mouth . : jim ( talk with the toothbrush in he mouth ) Mike ! come on , pal , we be have a wedding tomorrow . why can not you cooperate ? Ginny Baker , twenty -one , come out of she room in panty and a sweatshirt . she 's very pretty , very pampere and very sloppy . she slip past Jim as he scold Mike , go into the bathroom and lock the door . Sara turn and march into the bathroom at the other end of the hall . mike dad , I do not hit she . I would like to very much and I probably will later , but give I a break , you know my method . I do not hit she when you be just down the hall . jim pick on somebody you own size . he turn back to the bathroom . mike and SARA ' 3 - a she give Mike a smug , snotty face . he squint angrily . mike later . Sara turn up she nose and go back down the hall to the other bathroom . # 02159 3 3-b jim 3 - B discover the bathroom door 's lock . he rattles the knob . jim I be in there first ! open the door ! ginny ( 0.c. ) I be so sure ! 4 int . bathroom - shower 4 Ginny 's stand in the shower with the water beat against the side of she head . ginny I be the one get marry , daddy . jim ( 0.c . ) not until tomorrow . come on ! I get a mouthful of toothpaste ! ginny ( to herself ) what a pest . ( to Jim ) I happen to have a serious problem ! 5 int . hallway 5 Jim growl angrily and give up . he turn to see Mike lean on the knewl post , eavesdropp . mike ( with a chuckle ) ' she have she period , dad. ( raise a eyebrow ) should make for a interesting honeymoon , huh ? Jim look at Mike , startle by the brash maturity of he remark . Mike trot down the stair . jim where be you get that mouth ? mike ( 0.c. ) ( matter - of - factly ) School . # 02159 4 int . kitchen Brenda 's make coffee , egg , toast and school lunch all at the same time . Mike wander in and turn on the tv and dial in cartoon . a bowl of cereal be wait for he . he start to eat . : brenda be everybody up ? mike yep . Jim walk in and cross to the sink . jim nope . he spit in the sink . Brenda stare at he . she lean over and look in the sink . brenda thank you , dear . you just unload all over my luncheon . closeup - sink a bowl of boil shrimp cover with toothpaste . int . kitchen Jim smile sheepishly at Brenda . she turn on the water to rinse the shrimp . brenda Mike , make sure Sam get up . mike ( shout ) Sara ! wake up Sam ! int . other bathroom Sara 's stand on a stool , bare - chest with a underarm lather with shave cream . she 's shave she underarm with Jim 's electric razor . ' she turn it off , put - out with the order to wake Sam . : SARA Jesus Christ ! what be I ? a slave ? she open the door . 10 11 12 #02159 5 int . hallway 10 Sara come out of the bathroom , cross to a door lead to a third floor staircase and yell . SARA hey , dorklip ! haul ass ! int . house - third floor bedroom 11 it 's a girl 's bedroom do in antique and frill . in contrast to the mayhem on the first two floor , the third floor be quiet and serene . a brilliant shaft of morning sunlight shine down through a skylight above the brass bed . the sheet and blanket be rumple and kick aside . samantha Baker stand before a floor mirror in the corner of the room . her back be to camera . a bath towel be wrap around she waist . she 's stare at she body in the mirror . she be up long before anyone else in the house _ and have already shower . she put a hand on she hip and strike a pose . she do not like it . she try the other hand . both hand . she cock she hip . finally , she raise both arm and strike a Charles atlas pose . she hold it for a moment , then drop she arm . she groan . closeup - samantha's face 12 she 's young and pretty . no seethe , precocious sexuality . just a pretty , young girl . she 's frown . obviously dis - pleased with she look . SAM chronologically , you be sixteen today . physically , you be still fifteen . she lift she damp hair off she face and neck and examine the effect . she 's not pleased . SAM ( drop the hair ) worthless . she reach down , out of frame , and come up with a telephone . . SAM ( to the phone ) I look exactly the same as I have since summer . utterly forgettable . continued 12 13 #02159 6 continued 12 she walk to a window seat and sit down . she pull she knee up under she chin . SAM ( pause , still look in the mirror ) no , I do not expect to wake up tran - form . I just think that turn sixteen be so major I would wake up with a improve mental state that would show on my face . all that show be the fact that I do not have any tan leave . ( with a close sigh ) my family 's probably piss that I have not come down to let they wish I ' happy birthday ' . I will see you at school . she hang up the phone . SAM I need four inch of bod and a great birthday . dissolve to int . house - second floor hall 13 Sam come down the hall , buttone she blouse . Jim come out of the bedroom , dress for work . she see he and stop . she smile , wait for a '' happy birthday " from he . SAM ( bright , cheerful ) hi , dad . jim hi , Sam . better hurry . and that 's it . no happy birthday . Sam be stunne . she watch he hurry down the stair . the bathroom door open and Ginny come out swaddle in bath towel . she see Sam and sigh dramatically . ginny you know what today be ? continued 13 14 #02159 7 continued 13 Sam smile and nod , expect a birthday greeting from Ginny . ginny the first day of my all - new com - pletely screw - up period . be you on the pill ? Sam 's smile fade . she shake she head slowly . ginny then you will probably have a great honeymoon . ( to herself ) this be such a deluxe bite . Ginny go back into the bathroom and lock the door . SAM ( to herself , sarcastically ) thank you . yes , it be my birthday . how nice of you to remember . int . house - foyer 14 Brenda herd Mike and Sara through the dining room and into the foyer . Jim come in from the live room . he 's fran - tically search for he briefcase . jim where 's my briefcase ? he open the closet and rummages around for the briefcase . mike where would you leave it ? brenda do not be a smart ass ! mike okay , I will be a dumb ass . SARA you already be . brenda ( to Sara ) touche ! continued # 02159 : 8 14 continued 14 brenda ( cont would ) ( to Jim ) where 's Sam ? jim where 's my briefcase ? he pull out hockey stick , coat , hat , boot , toy , but no briefcase . brenda ( yell up the stair ) Sam ! mike ( to Brenda ) allow I , Brenda . ( yell ) hey ! birth defect ! Sam come down the stair , dress , with she book under she arm . she scowl at Mike and smile at Brenda . again , she 's expect a birthday greeting . brenda ( to Sam ) you miss breakfast again . jim it be not my idea to give she she own phone line . I do not have my own phone line . brenda ( to Sam ) grab a doughnut . SARA I would not if I be you . Mike tongue all the powder sugar off . they be totally infect . Jim kiss Brenda . brenda ( to Jim ) the grandparent ' 1ll be here this afternoon . jim we be still go out tonight with the Rice chex ? continued 14 #02159 9 continued - 2 14 brenda ( correct he ) rizezech . eight , at the club . and you would better learn they name . as of tomorrow , they be family . Jim cross to the door . jim Lovely think . ( to Sam ) when it come time for you to get marry , do we a favor , elope . Jim exit . mike who would marry she ? SARA Mr. T. brenda ( kiss Sam 's cheek ) you will have to buy lunch today . I do not have time to do you carrot . mike ( laugh ) she 's eat carrot to increase the size of she breast . Sam raise she fist . Brenda beat she to he and give he a solid shake . brenda you shape up , mister , or I swear to God you will not go to you sister 's wedding ! mike promise ? Brenda draw back to hit he . he race out the door . Brenda kiss Sara and scoot she on she way . Sam stare at Brenda , give she one last chance to mention she birthday . brenda do not give I that pouty look of yours . you can eat you carrot when you get home . - continued 14 15 16 #02159 10 continued - 3 14 SAM that 's it ? you do not have anything else to say to I , today ? brenda ( weary ) what would you like I to say , Sam ? come on , you will miss the bus . Sam sigh and look away . brenda have a good day . Brenda exit . Sam stand alone in the foyer . she look up at the ceiling , fight off she tear . SAM ( to herself , incredulous ) I can not believe this . they fuck forget my birthday . theme music come up . ext . high school - morning - establishing 15 a sprawling suburban high school . Roll credit over : high school montage 16 a -- Bus door open , young face spilling out . B -- every imaginable form of footwear scurrying past camera . C -- nervous finger twirling a padlock combination and yanking on the stubborn lock . it do not open . D -- a pair of rump , male and female . a male hand on the female rear , a female hand on the male . E -- the top of a lot of boy ' head shroud in cigarette smoke . F -- a girl 's head from the brow up as she furiously fuss with she tresses . G -- lip be paint animal pink . continued 19 20 21 22 22- a 23 #02159 . 14 int . independent study room a large study hall . a male teacher be at the head of the class grade papers . Sam 's in the second seat from the back . Randy 's directly behind she , slump down in she chair with a open book propped up in front of she . she yawn . Sam 's hunch over take the sex test . int . room - senior boy one seat behind Sam in the next row of desk be a tall , handsome senior , Jake Ryan . he 's a athlete and a class officer . the most significant male in the entire student body . he 's bored with the study hall and be stare at Sam . she 's figure somewhere in he daydream . closeup - test Sam turn the test sheet over and continue . 7 . have you ever do it ? her answer , " I don't think so " . 8 . if you answered " I don't think so " would you ever if you could ? int . study hall Sam think . it 's a tough decision . she answer . closeup - test " I guess so " 9 . with who ? ( be honest . you name's not on this so it's okay ) int . CLASS room - SAM she 's worried and nervous about answer the final que - tion . she lower she head and peek under she arm at Jake . 19 20 21 22 22- a 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 #02159 15 int . classroom - jake 24 he 's gnaw he thumbnail , still stare at Sam . he point of view - SAM 25 she blanch as Jake catch she look at he . she clumsily try to make it appear as if she 's just scratch she chin on she shoulder . she eurn back to she test . closeup - test 26 her hand 's tremble as she slowly write " jake ryan " on question # 9 . her hand glide down to the last question . 10 . doe whoever you name above know that you want to with he ? Sam write a very definite , " no ! " and underline it . int . classroom - SAM 27 she carefully fold the test into a tiny square , palm it and pretend to yawn , put she arm behind she head and drop the fold note on Randy 's desk . randy 28 she 's sound asleep in she seat , head back , mouth open . she do not see the note drop on she desk . Jake do . closeup - desk 29 the note slide down the slope write desk and off . closeup - floor 30 the note fall on the floor . Jake 's hightop come down on top of the note and slide it away . jake 31 he reach down and retrieve the note . he hold it in he palm and slip it in he pocket , keep he eye on Sam all the while . # 02159 16 32 int . school - hallway - later 32 Sam and Randy be walk down the hall . Sam 's upset . SAM you swear to God you do not have it ? randy I do not know anything about it . SAM Nancy ludwig give I a sex test during child development and I be suppose to do it and pass it to you in independent study . Randy shrug she shoulder . it 's news to she . SAM ( devastate ) I be totally screw . randy do you put you name on it ? SAM no , but it 's really embarrassing . I have to name who I would do it with if I ever do it . Randy can not wait to hear who Sam 's dream lover be . randy who would you name ? SAM ( hesitant ) Jake Ryan . randy ( incredulous ) Jake Ryan ?! he do not even know you exist . SAM ( hurt ) that 's a real nice thing to say . randy sorry . but Jake Ryan ? he 's a senior and he 's take . I mean really take . SAM ( agree ) I know . it be suppose to be my ideal . continued 32 33 34 35 36 #02159 17 continued randy he 's ideal for sure but forget it . SAM God , I hope whoever get the note do not know it be I that write it . I would shit twice and die . they continue down the hall . int . cafeteria - jake it 's loud and crowded . Jake 's sit on a window ledge . he take Sam 's note out of he pocket and read it . obviously very interested . he turn the page . closeup - test Jake read he name in Sam 's hand . int . cafeteria - jake he sit bolt upright . he look leave , then right , to make sure no one 's see the note or suspect he of anything . int . cafeteria - food line Randy and Sam move they trays along the line . Sam 's look at she tray with revulsion . SAM I can not believe I be actually go to consume a school hamburger . randy they be not too terrible since they start use meat . what happen to you carrot ? SAM Brenda be too busy today . if she can not remember my birthday , I can not expect she to remember my carrot . randy be they work ? continued 32 33 34 35 36 39 #02159 19 continued / 39 test he buddy 's reaction to he develop feeling for Sam . the note and its intimate revelation have set off a fury of emotion in Jake and it 's almost as though he 's seek approval for the way he feel . rock be decidedly unromantic . Girls be sex , sex be sport , sport be life . one at a time , the boy rise up into frame , deliver they line and drop . until note , only one boy be on screen at a time . jake ( cautiously ) do you know samantha Baker ? rock sophomore , right ? jake what do you think of she ? rock I do not . jake would you ever go out with she ? rock depend on how much you pay I . jake ( take offense ) she 's not ugly . rock there 's nothing there , man . it 's not ugly . it 's just ... void , you know . Jake hold himself up and rest he chin on the bar . rock pull himself and hold alongside Jake . jake there 's something about she . I do independant Study with she and I catch she look at I a lot . it 's kind of cool the way she 's always look at I . rock maybe she 's retarded . jake I be be serious , okay ? she look at I like she 's in love with I . continued 39 #02159 . 20 continued - 2 39 rock stare at Jake like he 's lose he mind . tenderness be not rock 's forte . rock Jake , she 's a child . jake so ? rock so , what be you go to do with she ? she 's too young to party serious . jake maybe I be interested in more than a party . rock you talk like you be hard - up . you get caroline . she 's a woman . jake I be go with she for like a year and you know what ? I do not think she love I . and I do not think I love she . rock ( puzzle ) what the hell do that have to do with anything ? jake I think about caroline , you know , and I realize that I never think about she unless I be with she and then all I be think be how I never think about she . I look in she eye and I see tit . I look at this other girl and I do not care about tit . rock she do not have any . jake ( frustrated ) do not you understand what I be say ? continued 39 40 40 - a 40 - B 41 #02159 21 continued - 3 rock I do not think you understand what you be say . I mean , you can park you pecker wherever you want but I think you be nut to eighty - six caroline for some 's sophomore wimp 's that look at you weird . jake I be all fuck - up about this , rock. ( sigh ) what 's happen to I ? rock , ( worried ) I do not know but I hope you be not turn gay . Jake grimace . he let go of the bar and walk away . we widen to reveal that the boy have be do cheater 's chin-up on a five foot bar . rock 's puzzle and disturb . by Jake 's conversation . int . girl shower room Girls be shower and dress after gym . we see Sam and Randy stand in the doorway of the shower room with they arm fold across they chest to conceal they modest charm . Sam 's shaking she head as she study the mature physique of the senior girl . Randy cluck she tongue . SAM that 's unbelievable . I swear to God , caroline mulford have to flunk about nine grade . closeup - the world' most perfect breast SAM and randy they hold they intense stare . randy it truly make I ill . there point of view - caroline mulford be shower in front of they . she look about twenty - three with a fully and perfectly develop body . pin-up time . her face be in the water spray and she do not realize she 's be scrutinize . 39 40 40-a 40 - B 41 42 43 44 45 #02159 22 SAM and randy 42 Sam look up from she chest . Randy breathes a pain sigh . SAM she 's perfect . randy and practically impossible to cut up . she 's supposedly real sweet , she brother 's deaf and everybody in the world worship she . SAM and she 's go with Jake . Randy look at Sam sympathetically . SAM figure , huh ? do she have a pink . tran be ? randy Black . SAM ( with a exagerrate sigh ) I be gonna kill myself . a cloud of steam roll across they and they disappear . dissolve to ext . school - afternoon - establishing 43 ext . school - school bus . 44 freshmen boy be climb on board . they be silly and rowdy , push and shove . Sam and Randy move in the crowd of boy , all of they a good head short . SAM I loathe the bus . int . bus 45 Sam and Randy board the bus . the Bus Driver , who be dress like the weenie boy and wear a walkman around he neck , be give the high five to the boy board the bus . bus driver mah , man ! Square it off . continued 45 46 47 48 #02159 23 continued 45 he offer he hand to Sam . she regards it with a sneer . she and Randy take they seat . they be surround by dopey freshmen boy in ugly sweater and parkas . the dregs of school society . the only other girl on the bus be a weird introvert with a spinal correction neck brace . a couple of band member be practice in the back . we hear hand -held computer game . SAM there have to be a more dignify mode of transportation . randy I hope you get a car for you birthday . and a driver 's license . SAM let 's not hold we breath . Sam and Randy focus on the seat in front of they . SAM on second think .... they take deep breath and hold they nose . there point of view - three freshmen boy 46 in the seat in front of they be turn around to face they . they be smile with disgusting mouthsful of brace and jock strap on they head . they raise electronic ray gun and fire at Sam and Randy . ext . baker house - afternoon 47 Cars be park in the driveway and on the street . int . house 48 Brenda and Ginny be host they luncheon . Ginny have open she gift and be sit with a wok in she lap . ginny ( phoney ) aunt Grace , rudy and I be just go to adore and enjoy the wok . rudy 's a freak for stir-fry stuff . it be a really neat think . all of you , really . she set the wok down along with ten other gift wok . she 's receive one from every luncheon guest . 49g 50 #02159 24 ext . neighborhood STREET 49 the school bus pull up and stop . Randy climb down . Sam speak to she out the window . SAM call I , okay ? randy you call I first and tell I what happen at home . ' _ SAM ; I will tell you right now . nothing . randy quit feel sorry for yourself . it 's bad for you complexion . the bus pull out . int . bus 50 it 's just Sam the neck brace girl and one freshman weenie , the geek . he 's skinny and small with a cheap haircut , a imitation lacoste shirt , baggy Levi cord , tennis shoe with dark sock and a nylon backpack fill with book . he stroll down the aisle and sit next to Sam . . he give she he sexiest look -- calve ' eye and a metal - mouth smile . geek how 's it goin ' ? SAM ( annoyed ) how 's what go ? geek you know , thing . life and whatnot . SAM life be not what not and it 's none of you business . geek be you go to the New face dance tonight ? SAM that 's also none of you business . the geek put he arm up on the back of the bus seat . continued 50 #02159 continued Sam look 25 50 geek what 's the story ? you get a guy ? at the geek with a angry , threaten squint . SAM Three big one and they lust for wimp blood . so , quit bugging I or I will sic they all over you weenie ass . geek I be get input from you that I be read as relatively hostile . SAM fuck off ! geek woo ! definitely hostile . what 's the problem ? I 'ma he , you be a she . I be attract to you . I see you everyday . I think about you fre - quently . be there something wrong with my try to put together some kind of relationship ? the bus stop . Sam gather up she thing . the geek reach out and take she arm . Sam jerk geek just answer I one question . SAM yes . you be a total fag . geek that 's not the question . she arm away . geek ( raise a eyebrow ) be I turn you on ? Sam stare at the geek for a moment , then hurry down the aisle of the bus and exit . he 's confident that because she actually converse with he , she like he . geek encourage , very encourage . # 02159 26 51 int . house - foyer 51 the luncheon guest be say they farewell and wishing the bride - to - be good luck . 52 ext . house 52 Sam shuffles up the walk to the porch . the door open and the lady stream out . a couple smile at Sam , most do not recognize she . she stand to the side and plaster a polite grin on she face as she wait patiently for they to clear the door . Brenda and Ginny stand in the door and wave . ginny ( phoney ) thank you so much . thank you . you be all incredibly kind . brenda thank you for come . ginny I love the wok . rudy 's go to be so excited . brenda we will see you all tomorrow ! as soon as the lady be out of earshot , Ginny lean against the doorjamb and groan . ginny I sincerely want to puke . his relative be animal . she slide back into the house . Brenda look at Sam . brenda why do not you say hello to they ? SAM they do not say hello to I . brenda do not be smart . Brenda go back in the house . Sam shake she head in disbelief . SAM I have enter a dimension beyond all time and space .... # 02159 27 $ 3 int . house - third floor stairwell $ 3 Sam trudge up the stair anxious for the solitude of she bedroom . she reach the top of the stair and throw up she free hand in dismay . 54 int . sam' room 54 Sam 's grandparent , Jim 's parent , Howard and dorothy Baker be change out of they travel clothes . they be in they early seventies . they be sweet and kind but pampere and particular . dorothy 's in she gigantic bra and slip . Howard 's in he undershort , undershirt , sock and garter . they be putter around unpack . 55 SAM : 55 she turn slowly to try and sneak back down without get nab by the grandparent . a creaky stair give she away . 56 int . bedroom 56 dorothy and Howard turn around . they be startle until they recognize Sam . Howard reach for he pants . dorothy Sam ! SAM ( to herself ) samantha .... howard how 's my little pumpkin ? SAM Fine , grandpa . how be you guy ? Howard give she a hug and pass she to dorothy who bear hug she . Sam grimace as she 's engulf in she grand - mother 's arm . SAM you be sleep up here ? howard ( irritate ) you grandpa Fred jump we claim on Sara 's room . continued 56 57 #02159 28 continued 56 dorothy release Sam . she step back out of hugging range and discreetly smell she shoulder to see if dorothy 's leave a noticeable scent . dorothy be fair , Howard . you get the garage for the oldsmobile . Sam drop a major hint about she birthday . SAM it 's a nice day be not it ? September fifteenth . howard a little nippy , if you ask I . dorothy I hope it be not cold tomorrow . you know Ginny . she will refuse to wear a hat and coat over she wedding dress . Sam 's face drop as she realize that they , too , have forget she birthday . SAM I be go to set myself up in Mike 's room . dorothy okay , sweetie . grandpa and I look forward to a long , long visit with you . SAM ( force a smile ) aces. int . house - second floor hallway 57 Sam come down from the third floor . SAM this have to be a joke . I swear to God . continued 57 #02159 29 continued 57 Sara 's door open and Brenda 's dad , Fred addison , come out . he 's a jolly , robust man in he late sixty . his fashion model be Sam snead . fred hey ! hey ! it 's sammy Baker Davis jr.! SAM ( unenthusiastic ) hi , grandpa . Fred 's a wise guy . a ancient ham whose sense of humor be completely lose on Sam . fred knock ! knock ! SAM who 's there ? fred who ! SAM ( weary of the hoary old joke ) who ? who ? Fred lean back into Sara 's room . fred helen ? there 's a owl out here in the hall . Fred snort and grab Sam . he tickle she . Sam loathes it . helen addison come out of Sara 's room . she 's a attractive and somewhat chic older woman . helen Fred , you will make she wet she pants tickle she like that ! : fred aw , come on , helen ! helen swat he hand . he snort again and release Sam . helen let I look at you , Sam . continued 57 58 59 60 61 #02159 30 continued - 2 she push Sam back and examine she at arm 's length . helen ( click . she tongue ) oh , my . ( to Fred ) her little breast have come in . Sam blanch with horror . Fred make another limp joke . fred I better go get my magnify glass ! int . mike' room a typical boy 's room with poster and sport equipment and bunk bed . Sam walk in , close the door , walk over to the bed and flop down on the bottom bunk in exaggerated despair . SAM I can not believe my grandmother actually feel I up . she close she eye . a head pop up on the top bunk and look over the side . closeup - SAM her eye be close . she feel a presence . her eye open . we hear a chinese go . her point of view - the head of a teenage oriental boy be hang over the top bunk , look at she upside down . he 's dopey -look with big black rim glass , and long , straight hair . his name be Long duk Dong . dong ( thick accent ) what 's happen , hot stuff ? int . kitchen Brenda 's dress for the dinner at the club . she 's putter around the kitchen , clean up , check the dinner in the oven . Mike 's sit at the kitchen table watch television . continued 57 58 59 60 61 61 #02159 continued Sam walk house have 31 61 brenda his name be Long duk Dong and he come down with grandma and grandpa Baker . he 's a exchange student that 's live with they . . mike he 's completely bizarre . brenda ( angry ) he be not ! he 's a very sweet boy . mike I hope you burn the mattress and sheet after he leave . in , completely resign to the fact that the go crazy . SAM I do not suppose it make any difference to you , but there 's a very weird chinese guy up in Mike 's room . mike Ginny dumped rudy . he 's she new fiance . brenda Mike ! stop it ! ( to Sam ) will you help the grandmother with dinner ? SAM ( hint again ) be there any reason I should stay home tonight ? brenda I think it would be nice if you visit with you grandparent and Long duk Dong . SAM who ? brenda the weird chinese guy in Mike 's room . continued # 02159 32 61 continued - 2 61 SAM ( disappointed ) I think I have a dance to go to . brenda can you remember to turn off the stove in ten minute ? SAM I can remember lot of thing . Brenda look puzzle at Sam , then decide she do not have the time to unravel teenage mystery and exit . Sam sit down . SAM this be the single worst day of my entire life . . mike what be you bitching about ? I have to sleep underneath a chinaman name after a duck 's dork . SAM ( suspicious ) where be I sleep ? mike ( with sadistic glee ) sofa City , sweetheart . Sam drop she head to the table . dissolve to 62 int . ginny' room 62 Ginny 's get dress for the dinner at the club . she 's in she panty and bra . Sam 's lay on the bed look at the wedding dress hang on the open closet door . she toy with the lace . ginny do you think grandpa Fred 's go to embarrass I ? continued 62 #02159 33 continued 62 SAM I do not know why not . he do it to everybody else . ginny he ask I if rudy be the oily variety bohunk . SAM ( kid ) be he ? . ginny do not be cute . I be so paranoid . I know everybody would be happier if I be marrying a white bread . aunt Grace pull I aside at the luncheon and tell I that every family like rudy 's , no matter how straight , have a thug in it . she say it would be impo - sible to divorce he and live to enjoy it . SAM she 's senile . ginny I really love rudy . and he love I totally . I have have guy who love I , but rudy be like flip - out . even after six month . Ginny 's casual attitude toward romance remind Sam of how romantically bankrupt she own life be . Ginny have long enjoy a overabundance of boyfriend . she have no consideration of how Sam might feel . SAM ( timidly ) I think I be in love . Ginny sit down next to Sam and put on a annoying motherly front . she speak to Sam like she 's a child . ginny that 's really sweet , Sam , but rudy and my love be not a go steady thing . it 's mature , adult love . we be get marry . this be it . the big time . when you turn come around , you will understand what I be say . continued 62 #02159 34 continued - 2 62 she quickly refocus the attention on herself . she stand up and model she full bust in the mirror on the back of the door . she drop the subject . Sam stand behind she and check herself in the mirror . SAM you do not have to get marry to be in love . Ginny sit down at she dress table and begin she makeup . ginny of course not . but there 's dif - ferent variety of love . what you be experience be puppy love . SAM ( offended ) thank you . ginny you be welcome . so. how long have you be in love ? a day ? a week ? ( pause ) ten minute ? Sam do not respond . she 's angry at Ginny 's insensitivity . ginny how long ? how serious ? SAM ( sheepishly ) it have not really happen yet . - ginny you mean you be in love . have he tell you he love you ? SAM not exactly . ginny be you dating ? SAM ( reluctantly ) no. ginny well , be you do anything ? Sam shake she head . continued 63 64 #02159 36 int . dine room - later - closeup - dinner plate 63 steaming hot quiche . pull back to reveal Dong bent over the food , study it . he look up , he glass steam over . he 's amaze and impressed by the quiche . dong very clever dinner . appetize food fit neatly into interesting round pie . int . dine room 64 the grandparent , Mike , Sara , Sam and Dong be sit at the dining room table with they tv dinner . mike it 's quiche . dong ( puzzle ) how you spell ? fred you do not spell it , son , you eat it . he look at Sam and rattles he denture for she amusement . she 's hardly amused . dorothy do not take kindly to Fred 's treatment of Dong . Dong smile at Sam . she return a polite smile . dorothy ( to Sam ) Long duk Dong 's about you age , Sam . you two should have lot to chat about . dong ( cloying ) I love visit with grandma and grandpa and write letter to my parent and push the lawn mow machine so grandpa 's hernia be so much disturb . howard he also do the dish and help with the laundry . dorothy where Dong come from , young people respect and admire senior citizen . continued 64 65 #02159 37 continued 64 Sam roll she eye . Mike look at she , motion to Long duk Dong and raise he eyebrow mockingly suggest Sam make a play for Dong . she curl she lip at he and push back from the table . SAM can I be excuse ? helen ( surprised ) where be you go ? SAM I have a dance at school . helen ( disappointed ) I think we be go to make popcorn and play the twister . SAM ( bullshit ) this be a important dance . we be grade on it . for gym . fred no kid still do the watusi ? dong I do ! dorothy wait a minute , Sam . I have get a wonderful idea ! ( to Dong , excited ) would you like to go to the dance with Sam ? Sam 's eye bulge in horror . Dong snap he finger . dong Super ! Sam mouth a distraught " oh , my God . " Music come up . int . howard old 65 Dong 's at the wheel . Sam 's slump down as far as she can get in the seat . she 's wear a skirt and blouse . dentist office music be blast and the window be wide open . continued 65 66 67 68 69 #02159 38 continued 65 dong this car rocket right along , huh ? V - 8 , no monkey business ! Sam nod . if she have a ounce more gut she would throw herself out the door and die on the pavement . dong I get a driver 's license for United States two week ago . ( hold up three finger ) first time I drive alone ! ext . STREET 66 the old fly through a red light , jump the intersection and bottom out in a shower of spark . int . car 67 Dong put he arm up on the seat , revealing a heavily stain underarm . dong yep . America 's a move , exciting locale . speed along . fifty - five mile per hour . on my way to a hot teenage dance party . I love to be excited . how about you ? Sam shake she head , no . SAM ( suspicious ) I hate excitement . dong ( lecherous ) you like the kinky stuff ? ext . STREET 68 the old fishtail around a corner and howl down a side street . dissolve to ext . school - night - establishing 69 70 71 #02159 39 int . school - girl locker room ®: Sam 's sit on a sink as depressed as anyone can get . Randy 's fix she face and try to : console Sam . she have a outrageous amount of makeup supplies spread | out . n-. the. sink . : S randy nobody have to know you be with he . SAM I I must have be a mass murderer in a previous life . randy . look , just pretend you do not know who he be 's SAM I be such a loser . — Randy sweep she makeup into a big shoulder bag . randy . no , you be not . let 's go . maybe dim Dumb duck Dick will get lose . SAM I be not that lucky . she and Randy exit . a beat and a toilet flush . a stall door open . Dong peek out with a mischievous smile on he face . dong Dong make plenty sure he get lucky ! int . gym it 's the first big dance of the school year . a female dj be spin record and rapping between song . she 's bring a huge sound system and light show . Jake , with caroline on he arm , be talk with the hulk brute , . rock : and he tiny ; pefite girl friend , . Patty .. rock 's wear 4 funky , rumple second - hand store suit , a mesh : ' jersey .and Jack Daniel 's cap . Jake 's wear jeans and &e blue blazer . it 's all very proper and dignify . this be the popular . - people who be seemingly immune to the sort of humiliation that beset people like Sam , caroline take Jake 's arm and pull he to the dance floor . it 's a slow song . she rest she head on he : shoulder and they dance . ' ' 70 71 72 72- a 73 #02159 40 int . gym - door 72 Sam and Randy walk in . SAM I wonder if Jake 's here ? randy it be not healthy to get too jack - up about a guy who be not even a thing yet . SAM when you do not have anything , you do not have anything to lose , right ? randy that 's a cheerful think . let 's go make ourselves available . Randy wink and head into the crush of body in the gym . Sam sigh and follow . int . gym - another angle - SAM - infrare sight 72 - a we see Sam move through the gym through a infrared scope . a little spook music accompany . geek ( v.0 . ) that 's the one , dude . int . gym - weenie wall - geek and he buddy . 73 the freshman boy 's section of the gym . the guy who do not date yet . weenies in they party finest . among they be the geek and he buddy cliff and bryce . we recognize the source of the infrared light in the previous scene as we see the geek wear night vision goggle . he remove the complex device from he face and give they to cliff . he put they on . geek scope it out . cliff she do not look like a freshman . geek ( proud , cool ) sophomore , dude . fully age sopho - more meat . we do the bus together . bryce ( look at the geek , incredulous ) you have talk to she ? continued 73 74 78 76 76 - a #02159 41 continued 73 geek talk ? shit , dude , I gota relationship with she figure to seventeen digit . cliff and bryce be amaze . he lower the goggle and let they hang around he neck . cliff you lie . geek who lie ? by night 's end I predict I and she will ... interface . cliff and bryce stare at the geek as if he 's just tell he he 's go to walk on water . geek check it out . the geek cool up he hair and head for Sam . cliff and bryce watch for a moment , then slip on a personal radio communicator of the variety swat team and football coaches use . cliff pretty intense , huh ? over . bryce whacked to the max . over . int . gym - SAM and randy 74 Sam 's watch Jake and caroline slow dance . Randy 's talk with friend . Sam 's imagine herself in caroline 's place . . her point of view - jake 75 turn to camera and look directly at Sam . SAM 76 she 's catch ! her mouth drop open in alarm . she quickly turn to the nearest boy and grab he to cover the fact that she be ogling Jake . to she ultimate horror , she 's grab the geek . he take she action as confirmation that she 's hot for he bod . the dj segues into a rocker . dj 76 - a she roll into a rocker . 76 - B 76 - D 77 78 #02159 42 geek 76 - B geek ( cool and confident ) awright ! I know you would come around . he yank she out on the dance floor . keeping one hand firmly in hers , he do a moon dance . Sam be stunne and speechless at yet another tragedy in she life . geek ( look over he shoulder to dj ) crank it , sister ! dj 76- C she pull a record out of she hair and angrily whip it down at the geek . geek 76 - D the geek duck the record and throw he head back . he let out a spirite yelp . geek very hot ! the night be happen ! the geek 's enthusiastic grin dissolves . geek what 's the matter ? SAM 77 she 's stand as still as a statue on the dance floor . tear be stream down she face . geek 78 he think Sam 's cry tear of happiness . he give she he idea of a sexy smile . geek I be blow you mind , be not I ? he execute a embarrassing spin and let out a liberated shriek . ' geek ' and I be just get warm up ! he step back , hurl himself in the air and land on the floor on he back . 78 - a 719 80 81 #02159 43 closeup - geek 78-a he 's in terrible pain , lay on the floor . geek I be ... okay , babe . int . gym lobby 79 Sam burst out of the gym in tear and run across the lobby and down a dark hallway . int . hallway 80 Sam slow down and stop . she rest she head against a locker . she 's sobbing with tear of hurt and anger . she slam she fist against the locker . SAM damn ! she turn around and slide down the locker . SAM I hate myself . int . gym - refreshment table 81 the geek limp back to the weenie Wall . cliff and bryce chide he about lose Sam . cliff ( with a laugh ) Way to go , dickface . she take off . the geek improvise a excuse . geek do not you know anything about girl ? they get hyper when you come on hard . I tell you I would interface with she and iwill . she grab I , dog lip . do not worry . the situation will come on -line . do not spaz - out , weasel . cliff I will bet you a dozen floppy disk you do not even get tit . geek you get a bet , scumbag . I will get it all . continued # 02159 4s 82 continued 82 geek I be sorry , man . whatever I do be a accident . jake relax . the geek make a very exaggerated effort to look relaxed . jake you be dance with a girl . geek I be sorry . I totally lose my head . I must have be on drug . jake do you know she ? geek she grab I , guy . I be totally innocent . be she yours ? Jake shake he head . the geek breathes a sigh of relief . jake what do you know about she ? the geek relax and begin to feel like Jake 's he buddy . he be , after all , talk girl with he . geek she 's kind of quiet . weenie-tits but anything more than a mouthful 's a waste . good face , decent voice , smell pretty good , drive I schizo . I be a old poon dog though , so anything with four leg and a tail make I go ape-shit . jake ( impatient with geek 's jive ) do she come here with you ? geek no , but if it 's okay with my dad , she 's go home with I . Jake nod and walk away . the geek feel like a million buck . he continue across the gym . on he way , he pass Dong who 's slow dance to a rocker with a six foot , two inch girl , the lumberjack . she 's stocky and tough , wear painter 's pants , a flannel shirt and black hightop . Dong lovingly rest he head on she huge breast as they dance . he reach he hand out of the neck of she shirt and push he glass up on he nose . 83 84 85 #02159 46 int . hallway 83 Sam 's sit on the floor with she back against the locker . she hear footstep and look down the hall . her point of view - caroline and two of her friend 83 - a be walk down the hall , pass a joint between they . they be Tracy and Robin . tracy do you wanna blow this dance off ? I be bored to the brink of insanity . robin and go where ? caroline ( mischievously ) Jake 's parent be not home . we can do he house . SAM - 84 she watch and listen , pain by they boundless good fortune . the girl with everything approach the girl with nothing . int . hallway 85 caroline notice Sam sit on the floor . Sam duck she head . caroline ( pleasant ) how 's it goin ' ? Sam look up . she shrug she shoulder and rub she damp nose . SAM ( clear she throat ) good . the girl continue down the hall . Sam watch . caroline let 's party light though . Jake 's a paranoid about he parent ' house get trash . the girl giggle . both again ! 86 87 87 - a 87 - b° 87- C 88 #02159 47 SAM : 86 she shake she head realize haw far she dream be from reality . she pull herself up and wipe the tear from she cheek . she head back to the gym . int . gym - band 87 Long duk Dong have take over the dj 's mike and be do a Oriental rap . the crowd be go crazy for he . he 's such a total asshole , they love he . he feed on they cruel adoration . int . gym - weenie wall 87 - a the freshman boy , the geek 's gang , be break . Real bad , white suburban break . they be spin around on they back , bang into the wall , chair , table , other people . int . gym - dong 87 - B he throw he head back and shriek . dong God bless America ! int . gym - chaperone 87 - C a couple of spinster teacher and a middle - age parent couple stare in freeze horror at what 's become of the dance . int . gym - SAM and randy : 838 Randy 's find a guy , Jimmy montrose . he 's a semipopular , semihandsome guy . he 's hold she hand as they sit on the gym bleacher watch Dong . Sam 's with they , rest she chin on she knee . her eye be red from cry and she have the sniffles . jimmy that guy 's great . he 's totally fuck . where 's he from ? SAM the south side of Mars . jimmy you know he ? SAM he 's my date . continued 88 #02159 48 continued 88 Jimmy 's mouth drop open . the geek return and slide down the bleacher next to Sam . geek I be back . Sam look at he wearily . SAM so I smell . geek that 's my shave cream . wanna feel a clean , close shave ? SAM I will pass . you could not find anybody else to bug , huh ? geek you be the one I want to bug . SAM ( introduce Randy ) this be my friend Randy and that 's Jimmy montrose . geek howdy , dude . SAM ( introduce the geek ) this be Farmer Fred . geek my name 's ted. SAM sorry . this be Farmer ted. geek I be not a farmer . I work at computerland . Jimmy 's totally disinterested . Randy feel sorry for Sam . randy wimp ? can I be honest with you ? geek not if you be go to insult I . randy okay . continued # 02159 49 88 continued - 2 88 geek shoot . randy get the fuck out of here . geek Nice manners . Jimmy look around Randy to the geek . jimmy she 's totally serious , asswipe . geek okay . Fine . do not freak . ( to Sam , with he eye on he buddy across the gym ) you wanna split with I ? SAM okay . the geek be expect rejection . he misunderstand she . geek I just think I would ... huh ?! Sam stand . the geek rise slowly . SAM ( to Randy and Jimmy ) I will catch you guy later . the geek 's dumbfounded . so be Randy . Sam head for the door . the geek stumble after she . Randy 's disturb by the action . randy this be so sad . 89 int . gym = jake 89 he watch Sam and the geek exit . he 's curious and a little confuse . # 02159 $ 1 91 continued 91 the geek feel a little foolish . SAM it 's be a real shitty birthday for I . no offense , but I do not need a serenade right now . geek ( concerned ) what 's wrong ? you do not get anything good ? SAM I do not get shit . not even a ' happy birthday ' . my whole family blow it off . the geek be horrify . geek I would freak if my family forget my birthday . Sam stretch out on the hood . SAM it 's a brand new year . it 's my birthday . I be sixteen . everything should be platinum . I should be happy . right ? the geek agree . SAM I can not get happy . it 's physically impossible for I to get happy . the geek look at she curiously . geek you be frigid ? Sam stare blankly at he . appall at he nerve . SAM no. continued 91 # 02159 , 52 continued - 2 91 SAM ( cont would ) ( second thought ) well , I guess I could be . it would fit in just fine with all my other bummer . geek I be fairly knowledgeable about the female reproductive organ if you want to shoot I a question . SAM just shut up , okay ? I be not really in the mood to discuss this kind of stuff with you . it 's none of you business . Sam pull she leg up and rest she chin on she knee . geek ( nervously ) would you feel better if you know one of my secret ? SAM I be not in the mood to get gross - out . geek we be not talk gross . just embar - rassing . the geek clear he throat and scratch he ear . he steel himself and boldly reveal he secret . geek ( dead serious ) I have never have sexual intercourse . Sam stare at he for a beat , then let out a horse laugh . she can not help herself . it 's so obvious he 's a virgin . geek ( laugh ) I know you would not believe I . Sam howl with laughter . continued 91 #02159 53 continued - 3 91 geek ( cross he heart ) I swear to God . I have never even have hand contact . Sam manage to control herself . she wipe she nose on she sleeve and shake out she hair . geek I appreciate you not laugh at I . Sam burst into laughter again . the geek laugh . geek that 's not what I mean . I mean .... he suddenly take she in he arm and hold she close . she stop laugh . she clear she throat . SAM uh , time out , junior . he let she go and feel like a fool for he sudden attack . geek Excuse I . he sit back against the windshield , frighten and embarrassed . geek I be really sorry . Sam be not offended or angry . she 's slightly flatter and understand completely how he feel . she realize he plight be not too far remove from hers . SAM it 's okay . the geek smile and grab she again . SAM I mean it 's okay that you do it before but I do not mean for you to do it again . okay ? he let she go . Sam give he a warm , reassure smile . SAM just now I feel how much you like I . continued 91 #02159 54 continued - 4 91 geek you be probably zone in on my brain wave . SAM I do not think so . I feel it on my leg . the geek think about what she say for a second and then reach in he pocket . Sam 's mouth drop open . she think he 's go to expose himself . SAM ( repulse ) I do not want to see it . the geek pull out a roll of cert . Sam 's relieved . SAM sorry if I embarrassed you . geek ( misunderstand - she ) I be not embarrassed . Fresh breath be a priority in my life . Sam smile at he honesty and innocence . and he interest . SAM I do not want to hurt you feeling because it 's really human of you to listen to all my bullshit . geek I care about it . I swear to God . I know I come on kind of like a asshole on the bus and tonight but that 's mainly just so my friend will not think I be a dink . SAM they be all pretty much dink though , be not they ? geek I guess . but I be kind of the leader . I be like the King of the dipshit . SAM that 's pretty cool . but you be still a freshman . a lot can happen in a year . you could come back next fall as a totally normal person . continued 91 #02159 55 continued - 5 91 geek ( hopeful ) yeah ? SAM for sure . the geek turn serious . he take a deep breath . geek would it be totally off the wall if I ask if I could have sex with you ? Sam sigh and smile . she nod . geek sorry . I think so . I know that be not the standard method guy use to score poon . but I be like , you know , kind of a rookie . SAM you ask I be not as off the wall as why I will not . geek vd ? SAM I be kind of in love . ( laugh at herself ) it 's really stupid . he do not even know I . Jake Ryan ? geek ( surprised ) you like Jake ? Sam 's embarrassed . geek I just talk to he in the gym . he ask I about you . Sam 's mouth drop open . she wonder if she hear the geek right . geek he ask what you be like . SAM he do not . continued 91 #02159 continued she grab she mouth 56 - 6 91 geek Cross my heart . SAM ( to herself ) oh , my God . ( to the geek ) if you be lie I will beat the crap out of you . geek I be not lie ! I swear on a stack of bible . SAM I can not believe this ! I be freaking ! she purse . she 's giddy and confuse . her mind and be go double speed . SAM should I go back to the gym ? and like go up to he and sort of say , ' hi , Jake ? ' or be it better to let he come to I ? geek this be not really my department . SAM but what if I decide to let he come to I and he forget ? or what if he change he mind ? then I be screw , right ? geek apparently . SAM what would you do if you be I ? geek I be a gambling man by nature . I would go for it . SAM this be so strange . but I will take it . the biggest smile she 's ever have spread across she face . she kiss the geek 's cheek . SAM you be the best . she slide off the car . continued 91 92 #02159 57 continued - 7 91 geek wait ! SAM what ? . geek do you know anything about floppy disk ? SAM ( impatient ) we will talk about it on the bus , okay ? geek well , I have get kind of a problem . floppy disk be pretty expensive . and I make a bet ... ( scared ) I bet my friend that I would do it with you . Sam put she hand on she hip angrily and stare he down . geek this be before I know you as a person . I tell he I would get proof and I can get it without actually get physical . SAM - ( suspicous ) how ? geek ( choke , crack voice ) could I borrow you underpant for about ten minute ? Sam 's eye open in shock . SAM what ?! int . gym 92 it 's slow dance time . Randy be snuggle comfortably in the crook of Jimmy 's shoulder . as they dance past she continued 92 #02159 58 continued 92 discreetly pick a piece of he sweater fuzz off she tongue . rock be dance with Patty . he 's hold she a foot off the ground . Dong and the lumberjack waltz past , join at the lip . he take he handkerchief out of he pocket and deftly blow he nose without break the kiss . caroline have Jake 's neck in a vacuum suck lock . he 's scan the dance floor for Sam . caroline release he with a wet pop and kiss he lip . caroline I think it 's time to blow this thing eff and go to you house . jake ( not pay attention ) huh ? caroline I tell Tracy and Robin and that guy to come over to you parent 's house . okay ? Jake nod . he be not listen to she . caroline I tell they not to tell anybody . ( snuggle he ) I love when you parent be out of town . I fantasize that I be you wife and we be like the richest , most popular adult in town . ( kiss he neck ) I owe all my great weekend to you . she notice he 's not pay attention . caroline what 's you problem ? jake huh ? caroline you have be act weird all night . ( suspicious ) be you screwing around ? Jake be startle that she 's on to he . he react with obvious guilt . continued 92 93 #02159 59 continued - 2 92 jake ( voice crack ) me? ( nervous chuckle ) be you crazy ? caroline I do not know , Jake . I be get strange signal . jake they be not come from I . every - thing 's fine . do not have a cow . caroline okay . but just remember one thing . I can name twenty guy who would kill to love I . Jake regards she remark as another indictment of they loveless relationship . he take offense to she issue threat . jake be that a threat ? caroline ( cold and serious ) it 's a fact , Jake . the song end . caroline back off . she take Jake 's hand . she 's make she point and feel confident that he 's be sufficiently warn . caroline ( sweet and conciliatory ) before we get into a big ugly fight , let 's take off . int . gym lobby 93 Sam 's practice she move and try out ploy to speak to Jake . . SAM ( chirpy , cheerful ) hi , Jake ! I be samantha . how 's it goin ' ? she do not like that . continued 93 94 95 96 #02159 60 continued 93 SAM ( sultry ) get a cigarette ? ( straight - forward ) this will seem incredibly dumb , Jake , but I love you and I will do anything to make you love I . ( another try ) . I love you shirt . ( a final ploy ) Jake , you be not go to believe this , but I have this very weird dream and you be in it . she decide on the last remark . she like it . she feel confident . she pat she hair , take a deep breath , muster she courage and walk back into the gym . int . gym - jake 94 he 's at a clothes rack look for caroline 's coat . int . gym - SAM 95 she spy Jake and nervously move toward he . she rehearse in she head what she 's go to say . she raise she arm to tap he shoulder . the music stop . he turn around with caroline 's blazer and be as shockéd to see Sam as she be to see he . he quickly adjust to the situation and put on he best and sexiest smile . Sam 's courage evaporate , she panic and rather than faint , throw up or say something incredibly stupid , she keep on walk . the music start again . a new tune . Jake be bewilder . the haste with which she depart look to he like rejection . jake ( incredulous ) she hate I ! I give she all my tooth and she blow I off .... SAM 96 she slice through the crowd of kid to the end of the bleacher and around behind they . she grab she head in anger and embarrassment . SAM I be totally retarded ! he smile and I spaz . I be blitze ! I do not deserve he . 97 98 99 #02159 61 int . gym - jake 97 he help caroline on with she blazer . he 's still cursing himself . he look down the bleacher to try and catch a glimpse of Sam . caroline be you blush ? jake Hell , no . why would I do that ? caroline I do not know . you tell I . jake : maybe I just need some party action . caroline smile with relief . caroline oh , thank God . you be normal again . caroline walk on ahead . Jake roll he eye and hang back for one last look at the gym . jake ( sigh ) I want that girl .... int . gym - bleacher 98 Sam peek around the bleacher and see Jake and caroline leave . SAM : I be such a faggot . such a complete weasel . she rest she chin on the bleacher and close she eye . SAM and I can not believe I give my panty to a geek . int . hallway - boy' bathroom door 99 a freshman sneak up to the door and knock softly . the door open and cliff look out . cliff what year be you ? freshman freshman . continued 99 100 101 102 #02159 62 continued 99 cliff gimme a buck . the freshman hand cliff a five . cliff take a fat wad of singles from he pocket and count out four in change . int . bathroom . 100 the bathroom be jamme with shrimpy freshman boy . they be all talk excitedly . bryce flash the light . bryce okay , everybody , shut up ! the room quiet down . cliff Ted ? go for it , man . a stall door slowly open and the geek step out . heraldic music come up . with great drama and showmanship , the geek hold up Sam 's tiny , baby blue garfield the cat panty . the freshmen gasp in awe and drop to they knee . int . gym - SAM 101 she 's put on she coat . she 's have enough . Randy 's hang on Jimmy . she feel for Sam and be try to convince she to stay . randy where be you gonna go ? SAM I will wait in the car until duck dork get dance out . randy do not do that . stay here with we . SAM no . I gotta get outta here before anything else terrible happen . . randy no offense , but what more could happen ? int . school - dark hallway 102 it 's dark and spooky . we hear the chill , ominous open bar of the jaw theme . a beat and grandpa Fred peek around the corner . then dorothy , Howard and helen . the grandparent be invade the dance ! dissolve to 103 104 #02159 63 int . oldsmobile 103 Dong 's drive , Sam 's in the passenger seat and the lumberjack 's in the middle , tuck up tight against she new - find Korean beau . Dong have he arm around she and be drive with one finger . Sam 's depressed and embarrassed . the lumberjack turn to Sam and chuck she on the arm . lumberjack I think I play intermural b- ball with you last year . you be the one who dribble like a girl . SAM ( force a smile ) that 's I . the lumberjack nod . lumberjack hey , listen , thanks for loaning I the donger . he 's bitchin' . SAM it 's okay , you guy make a great couple . the lumberjack look at Dong . they exchange loving look . dong I never be so more happy in my entire whole life . lumberjack ( embarrassed ) you maniac ! don I have now a place to put my hand ! Sam roll she eye and slump further down in the seat . the lunberjack let out a earthy yelp , as Dong goose she . ext . drive - in - night 104 the oldsmobile scream into the drive - in at fifty - five mph , lock up the brake and skid into a tight spot between two other car , miraculously avoid they both . Dong throw open he door , bang the car next to he . he yank the lumberjack out and they head for the restaurant . park outside be a motorcycle . Dong and lumberjack admire it . lumberjack kawasaki . dong you be welcome . 105 106 #02159 64 ext . car 105 Jimmy montrose 's car pull in behind the old . Randy get out and hurry to Sam 's window . Sam look up . Randy lean in the window . she 's upset . randy Sam ? be you sit down ? Sam look over at she . of course she 's sit down . randy I do not want to depress you . Sam cover she head and slump down in the seat . SAM what now ? int . drive -in restaurant bathroom - later 106 Sam 's mouth be wide open . she 's stunne . Randy feel terrible about have to be the bearer of bad news . randy be thankful you get out of there before you grandparent show up . SAM ( stunne . monotone ) oh , my God . : randy it be pretty weird . they tell every - body baby storey about you . . SAM oh , my God . randy you grandfather who always make the shitty joke hijacked the mike and sing some really bizarre song . SAM oh , my God . randy the good news be , they pretty much trash the dance . everybody kind of take off like right away . continued oo 106 #02159 continued 65 106 Randy put a consol arm around Sam . she can not think of anything encourage to say . Sam look SAM I be infect . randy just forget about it , okay ? come with I and Jimmy . there 's a monster party over at Jake ryan's . at Randy like she 's crazy . SAM I be sure I would go over there . for what ? hyperhumiliation ? randy you gotta stop torture yourself . SAM I be not do anything to I ! randy I mean about Jake . what you should do be go with we , okay ? maybe Jake will get shitface and act dis - gust and you will lose interest in he . remember last summer how bad I have a crush on that guy from Maine ? I have a hard - on every waking minute until he puke on my foot . for the rest of the summer , everytime I see he I gag . SAM I think Jake could puke anywhere on I and it would not bother I . randy I do not know , Sam . it 's pretty valid . I think I would die for this guy but when it come right down to it , my foot be more important . Sam shake she head no . SAM no , thanks . ( sniffles ) I can not believe I have to go toa wedding tomorrow . you know how many time I be go to have to smile ? I will probably get a facial hernia . continued 106 107 107 - a 107 - B 108 #02159 66 continued - 2 106 the bathroom door slam open and the lumberjack clomp in . lumberjack hi , dude . Randy and Sam wave . lumberjack go into a stall . Sam jump down off the sink . Randy give she a hug . randy if you want some company , I will tell Jimmy I just get my period . SAM it 's okay . I be fine . Randy kiss she cheek . she start to leave . from the stall we hear the lumberjack go . it sound like a horse . Randy and Sam exchange puzzle glance . they bend over and look under the stall . there point of view - the lumberjack's hightop 107 be in front of the toilet , point in . she 's go stand up . ext . drive -in : 107 - a Dong be still look at the bike . he climb on it . pre - tend to drive it . as he dismount , he kick the engine over . the bike fly into the parking lot . ext . drive - in - door 107 - B the meanest-look biker in the world come out with he old lady on he arm . he see he bike in a heap in the parking lot . int . country club dine room - same time 108 it 's very stately and sedate . Jim and Brenda , Ginny and she fiance , rudy and he parent , bruno and irene have finish dinner and be enjoy after-dinner drink . bruno look like a retire prize fighter . he 's wear a black polyester leisure suit with white stitching , a egg yellow silk shirt , a gold nugget on a chain and a massive diamond pinkie ring . irene 's wear a dress fit for a madame . her bleach pink / blonde hair be style in a fashion that would shame a country singer . they be a bellow contrast to the blue blazer and monogram blouse of the member . between puff on he Havana , bruno explain to a nervous and worried Jim , what business he 's in . continued 108 109 110 #02159 67 continued 108 bruno basically , Jimmy , my business be video game arcade , laundry , cigarette machine and truck . I dabble a little in personal loan and politics . jim ( change the subject ) well , all that matter be that the kid be happy together . irene just so long as my beautiful boy remember that marrying this one ... ( jerk she thumb to Ginny ) .. mean he 's out of the ' girl -of - the-month -club . ' she chuckle . rudy I can still look , I just can not touch . ( to Ginny ) right ? she force a smile . ext . jake' house 109 a million dollar of contemporary field stone and glass on a wood acre . Cars be jamme up in the driveway , on the lawn , in the wood . elegant stream of toilet paper hang from the tree . every light in the house be on . window be open , music be blast . int . kitchen 110 a magnificent cook 's kitchen . a thoroughly rape refrigerator / freezer be empty and open . there be bottle and can cover every inch of available space . drunk kid be weaving in and out , kissing , shouting , fight . one bemuse youth be try to put out a fire in the oven . he pop a beer can , drink some , pour some on the fire , drink the rest . pop another . caroline stagger in . caroline ( drunk ) have anybody see Jake ? continued 110 111 112 113 #02159 68 continued 110 kid who 's Jake ? caroline this be he house , asshole ! int . live room 111 Jake 's parent 's vacation video be play on the giant screen . kid be howling at the home movie . the room 's a disaster . people be pile on the furniture , pizza box be overturn on silk oriental . two boy be dance with each other . a drunken hulk be eat a raw slab of sirloin . a drunk sick kid be sit on a chair with a ming vase between he knee . caroline weave in . caroline you people be huge pig ! look at what you have do to Jake 's house ! she step up on a coffee table and look around for Jake . caroline jakey ! int . indoor pool area 112 all the pool furniture be in the pool along with a bunch of rude , wild kid , clothed , semicloth and nude . they be beat the water as one of they stand on the side , pour liquid dish detergent in the water to make a huge bubble bath of the pool . caroline stumble in . caroline Jake ! ( see the bubbles ) outrageous ! I love bubble bath ! int . bedroom wing 113 a drunk girl in panty and bra be talk to a drunk guy . girl okay , okay ... be this what you want ? she unfasten she bra and flash the guy . he nod yes . she close the bra . girl that 's not what you want . continued 113 114 115 #02159 69 continued 113 caroline wander past yell for Jake . caroline Jake ! goddamnit ! a bedroom door open and Tracy and Robin come out wear Jake 's mother 's fur . they grab caroline . tracy this coat be so excellent ! can we have ‘em ? robin I will be you best friend forever , even when I be dead . caroline I think Jake 's mom might freak out if you rip off she coat . tracy she will not mind , I swear to God . caroline be you sure ? tracy Cross my heart . caroline okay . but you gotta tell I where Jake be . Tracy and Robin point feebly down the hall . caroline tell I truthfully . be he with somebody ? closeup - samantha's yearbook picture 114 a typical sweet - smile pose . a boy 's finger trace down the page to she name . int . jake' room / 115 in contrast to he guest , Jake 's sober . he close the yearbook and toss it on he bed . he pick up the phone and dial information . continued 115 116 117 118 119 120 #02159 70 continued jake ( to the phone ) can I have the number of a samantha Baker in northfield ? if she do not have a phone number can you give I all the baker or do I have to call back ? it 's im ... : ( repeat after the operator ) 555-1740 . thanks . he hang up and write the number down . he pick up the phone and dial . he unconsciously fix he hair . he clear he throat . int . sam' house - third floor bedroom Sam 's phone ring in the darken bedroom . it ring and ring . finally dorothy stir . int . jake' room he 's grow impatient . jake damn ! come on , answer . int . sam' bedroom dorothy feel around for the phone . it ring a couple more time before she pick it up . int . jake' room he give up . jake aw , fuck I ! he slam the phone down . int . sam' room dorothy sit up in bed with the phone to she ear , stare quizzically . Howard sit up . continued 115 116 117 118 119 120 # 02159 71 120 continued : 120 howard who be it ? dorothy 's too shocked to answer . howard what do they want ? dorothy ( look at Howard ) sex . 121 int . jake' room 121 he put the phone back and curse . '' jake shit ! there 's a knock on he door . caroline ( 0.c. ) Jake ? be you hide ? he reach out and unlock the door . caroline fall into the room . she lay on she back , laugh . Jake be unamuse . caroline I fall ! jake it 's that funny , huh ? caroline how come the door be lock ? jake you be shitface ! caroline nooo ! she crack herself up again . Jake stand . jake do you make sure nobody else get in the house ? continued 121 122 123 124 125 #02159 72 continued 121 caroline sit up on she elbow and nod . jake good . be the house demolish ? caroline look at he for a moment , fight off a smile . finally she snort and let out a horse laugh . Jake jump up and tear out of the room . caroline he 's ground for the next twenty - five thousand year . she collapse with laughter . ext . sam' house - night 122 the oldsmobile race up , lock brake and skid into the curb . the passenger door open and Sam get out . the old squeal away . Sam watch it disappear into the night . SAM the donger 's in town five hour and he 's get somebody . I live here all my life and I be like a disease . ext . house - front door 123 Sam reach into the mailbox for the house key . as she open the door it occur to she , that the family may be plan to surprise she . she open the door quietly and slip in . int . foyer , 124 Sam close the door softly . she 's smile , think she have it all figure out . she take off she jacket and tiptoe into the live room . int . live room 125 Sam look around the dark room . she turn on a light and brace herself for the big surprise . nothing . sitting on the couch be a neat stack of bedding -- sheet , blanket and pillow . another unconscious , unintentional jab at Sam 's lonely heart . everyone in the house be asleep . continued 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 #02159 73 continued 125 SAM ( sadly ) this be just excellent . she walk to the couch and knock over the pile of bedding . she grab a sheet and throw it open . int . jake' house - live room 126 Jake stand in the midst of the riot go on in he parent 's house . he 's resign to it and the consequence he know he will have to face . caroline come up into frame , crawl up he body as he stand stiff and tall . she snake she arm around he neck . caroline you be the only one at the party who be not have a party . do not you like to party anymore ? he look at she passively . he plant he hand squarely on she face and give she a gentle shove . she keel over and crash to the floor . omitted 127 ext . jake' house 's 128 the oldsmobile roar up the driveway with a flat tire . it ram straight into a park car . Dong and the lumberjack climb out . the drive - in tray be still attach to the car window . a beat and the back door open and the biker and he old lady get out and saunter up to the house . int . house - jake' room 129 he 's dial Sam 's number again . he wait as it ring . int . hallway outside he room 130 caroline crawl up the hall . caroline Jake ? sweetie pie ? I love you . where be you , Jake ? she stop at he door and look in . caroline jakey ? have you stop loving I ? int . jake' room 131 he angrily kick he door shut . 132 133 and 134 135 136 136 - a #02159 . 74 int . hallway - closeup - caroline 132 caroline 's nose be half a inch from the close door . she sigh and turn to crawl back to the party . she discover that she hair 's stick in the door . she tug . no good . she knock . jake ( 0.c. ) get outta here ! caroline I can not , honey , sweetie , asshole . Robin and Tracy stagger up the hall , still wear the coat . caroline trace ? can you help I ? tracy what 's wrong ? caroline several thing . 133 omitted and 134 int . sam' room 135 dorothy and Howard sit up again . Howard grab the phone . howard hello ! int . jake' room 136 he 's shocked at the angry greeting . he look at the number he 's write down . we can hear Howard yell over the phone . howard voice who be this ?! I know you be there ! i_can hear you breathe ! int . jake' room 136 - a Jake swallow hard , summon he courage and speak to Howard . jake yes . hello , sir . I wonder if you could be so kind as to tell I if I be indeed reach the party I wish to reach . continued 136 - a 136 - B 137 through 144 #02159 75 continued 136-a howard voice be you the little bugger who 's be call here and hang up ? jake that must have be some other little bugger , sir . I have be at church . would this possibly be the home of a miss samantha Baker ? and if so , sir , may I converse with she briefly ? howard voice yes it be and no you may not . jake might I leave a message ? int . sam' room 136 -b Howard cover the phone . howard he want to leave a message for Sam . dorothy give I that phone . Howard turn the phone over to dorothy . dorothy now you listen to I , mister . God do not put I on this earth to be awaken with filthy suggestion from a rude- mouth hooligan like you . as for we granddaughter , she have more than enough sense to stay clear of the like of you . good night and good - bye ! she slam the phone down and look at Howard . dorothy it 's a good thing Sam have we , Howard . howard even if she do not always appreciate we . dorothy give Howard a peck on the cheek . he turn off the light . 137 omitted through 144 145 146 through 149 150 #02159 76 ext . STREET 145 the geek , bryce and cliff be walk up Jake 's driveway . bryce 's beeper go off . bryce shit ! that 's my mom . I gotta get home . geek Change you frequency , okay ? do not be such a wimp . this be a great social opportunity for we . cliff we will get pound if we go to a senior party . geek hey , we have get seventy buck and a pair of girl 's underwear . we be safe as kitten . bryce take off he beeper and fiddle with it . bryce I change my frequency when we see flock of seagull and I get ground for a month . a car load of kid fly by . 146 omitted through 149 ext . jake' house - front door 150 the geek , bryce and cliff reach the front door . they be bubbling with excitement at be moment from a out of control senior party . geek do not embarrass I , okay ? bryce for sure , we will not . geek be polite to he parent . the geek ring the bell . a beat and it open . a very drunk and silly Dong look out . dong come on in and party hearty dude person . 151 through 155 155 - a #02159 77 omitted 151 through 155 int . jake' house - dine room - window seat 155 - a the biker be sit on the window seat with he thirty - fifth beer in he paw . he 's drunk and sullen . a bomb but still perky girl megan , be try to make conversation . she 's apparently oblivious to he dangerous look . megan so , what school do you go to ? the biker look at she through half - close lid . megan ( fast ) if I have to guess I would say St. Anthony 's " cause all the guy there be like totally into the leather and metal thing . the biker hold he incredulous stare and curl a angry lip revealing a horrifying mouthful of decaye tooth . megan ( fast ) I do not mean to be obnoxious but you really should consider a orthodonist . my orthodonist be the best . he 's amazingly gorgeous and he do not have hairy hand . it be so gross to have disgusting hairy men' hand in you mouth , and .... the biker put he cigarette out in he mouth , momentarily silencing the girl . megan do not that hurt ? we move off the biker to he old lady sit next to he . she 's drink a bottle of beer . there 's a jock sit next to she . he 's check she out . she look at he . he raise a seductive eyebrow . she push the bottle into she mouth and twist it slowly back and forth in a even more seductive gesture . the jock 's eye light up . he smile . the biker 's old lady lean forward . the jock lean forward to meet she . the biker 's old lady bite the end off the bottle and chew the glass . the jock 's face register 's total fear . he back away . 156 157 #02159 78 int . jake' house - live room 156 the light be low , make - out time . body be spread across the furniture and the floor . a soft core porno picture be play on the big screen tv . a piece of hurl pizza slap the screen and stick on the image of a naked female rump . int . live room - couch 157 the geek , cliff and bryce sit on either side of rock . all three be bomb . rock motion to the screen with he huge hand . rock that 's Jake 's parent . the geek , cliff and bryce chinese they eye . cliff outrageous ! rock I have see this thing about ten time . you get a video recorder ? geek no . rock you get parent ? geek sure . rock you get them a video recorder and I will come over . geek ( flatter ) you would come over to my house ? rock get anything good to eat ? geek sure. rock okay , after here , we will go to you place . the geek 's eye open wide with terror . he try to slip away . rock put he arm around he neck . continued 157 158 #02159 79 continued 157 rock you know , under normal circumstance , I would pull out you eye and piss on you brain little dude . but since you volunteer you house and you hospitality , I think I will let you live . ( hand he a beer ) anybody offer you a brew ? the geek nervously take the beer . he 's obviously never drunk in he life . rock tip it . first one 's free . the geek put the beer to he lip . he close he eye and throw the can back . he hold the can back , but do not swallow . he groan and slowly lower the can . as he take it away from he sickly face we see a soggy cigarette butt clench in he tooth and tobacco sprinkle and ash on he lip . rock sap . int . hallway outside jake' room . 158 the crowd have decide on a course of action to free caroline . tracy okay ! everybody shut up ! I have to concentrate , okay ? she kneel down beside caroline . tracy you promise you will not get mad ? caroline no . I love you . her friend produce a pair of kitchen shear . tracy Close you eye . caroline close she eye and she friend cut she free . caroline I do not know how to thank you enough . continued 158 159 160 161 162 163 163- a 163-b #02159 80 continued 158 she hug she friend and we see the full extent of the damage . one side of she head be long , blonde hair , the other be clipped to the ear . the crowd in the hallway let out a spirite cheer . - dissolve to int . sam' house - live room 159 she 's sound asleep . like a angel . int . parent room 160 Brenda 's asleep . there 's a empty spot next to she in the bed . Jim 's sit in the window , stare at a family portrait . closeup - portrait 161 it 's Jim and Brenda , Mike , Sara , Ginny and Sam . closeup - jim 162 he smile at the fond memory the picture stir . he lean back against the wall and close he eye . a beat and he slowly open he eye . he look at the picture again . he 's suddenly very troubled . he look at the dial of he watch . jim oh , Jesus ! it 's Sam 's birthday . ext . jake' house 163 the few car remain pull out , leave a trash lawn and a even more trash house . int . jake' house - kitchen 163-a a mournful blue number play as we begin a sad tour of the revage house in the kitchen where we see that every edible item have be consume . the cupboard be bare . the refrigerator be open and empty . there be carton , can and rubbish everywhere . int . dine room 163 - B the dining room table be completely cover by a pyramid of beer can . the pyramid collapse . ~ cr 163-c 164 165 166 #02159 81 int . live room 163-c we move around the room to see that a painting that feature a face without eye or a mouth have have eye and mouth draw in with a mark pen . a ancient mask in a plexi display case , light by a pin spot have cigarettes up its nose and a slice of pizza on its forehead . a line of cigarettes have be leave to burn out on the piano . a record album be lay inside a pizza box . we move off the box to find a pizza go around on the turntable . we move up to see the tape deck have a cassette jamme into it upside down . a hundred foot of tape be ball - up in the head . on the ceiling be a big blob of dip with a potato chip stick in it . as we reach Jake , he 's sit on the couch in the destroy live room . he sigh and pop a beer . he take a sip . jake what a fuckin ' disaster . he set the beer down on the coffee table . he sit back on 's the couch . a beat and he bolt forward and gawk the coffee table . omitted 164 he point of view - the coffee table 165 be a heavy glass cube . Jake clear aside the rubbish on the table top to reveal the geek 's desperate , exasperate face . he 's trap inside the cube . he 's frantic , pound noiselessly on the glass . int . live room 166 Jake struggle and grunt to overturn the coffee table .. it roll over on one side and the geek take a deep breath of fresh air . jake ( angry ) what be you do in there !? + geek . watch my life pass before my eye . the geek pull himself up and flop down on the couch . geek rock the jock put I inside that thing . jake what for ? continued 166 167 #02159 82 . continued 166 geek he give I a choice of that or be handcuff nude to the shopping cart return rack at the jewel . I opt for death with dignity . Jake shake he head in anger . jake he 's a fuck asshole . geek I think he could use a little sensi - tivity training . the geek look around the room . geek you house get eighty - six . I be sorry . jake yeah . third time this year . I be fuck for good . the geek nod he agreement . ee ! I will help you clean up . jake do not worry about it . we have get a housekeeper . int . housekeeper's room 167 the frail , young Spanish housekeeper be smoking dope in bed with Dong and the lumberjack . : dong ( stone ; drunk ) I be twice as happy as I ever be . housekeeper si! dong Hai ! lumberjack very ! 168 169 #02159 83 int . sam' house - foyer 168 Jim creep quietly down the stair . int . live room 169 Sam 's asleep . Jim walk into the live room . he stop and look at Sam on the couch . he smile as he watch she sleep . he step around to the couch and sit down . he hesitates for a moment before he pat she head . he 's a man not accustom to intimacy and affection . jim ( whisper ) Sam ? sweetheart ? she stir and look up at he . SAM daddy ? jim hi , kiddo . SAM what 's wrong ? jim everything 's fine . I be just upstairs and I could not sleep and .- I feel like a real jerk , honey . we forget you birthday . Sam be pleased that he remember . - jim you gotta be burn up , huh ? Sam smile understandingly . SAM it 's no big thing . jim this family can really foul thing up . SAM it 's okay . I be not all that upset anymore . continued 169 #02159 84 continued 169 jim how about a party ? not a family party . you have you friend . we will stay the hell away . whatever you want , honey . you let I know . have it the way you want it . the way you want it . she pull herself up and kiss he cheek . SAM thanks , daddy . jim no problem . everything else okay ? Sam nod . Jim give she a wink and a kiss on the forehead . jim see you in the morning . he stand up and start for the foyer . Sam whimper 's to he . SAM no. she start to cry . Jim turn around . SAM it 's not okay . Jim hurry back to the couch . Sam throw she arm around he . jim what 's wrong ? SAM I do not know . everything . jim everything what ? Sam sit back on the couch and quickly wipe away she tear . SAM everything , everything . jim you birthday ? SAM no. continued 169 #02159 85 continued - 2 169 she 's a little embarrassed to reveal the real reason she 's cry . SAM there 's this boy . jim oh , Lord . be this something I should go get Mom for ? Sam shake she head . SAM no . I like this boy a real lot . and he do not like I . jim be you nice to he ? SAM daddy , I do not know . it 's really stupid . it 's not important . jim if you be cry over it , it 's important . SAM I like he so much and I just know I can not ever have he . jim why not ? SAM because I be just a dork . jim a what ? SAM he 's a senior and he 's beautiful and he 's get this great girl friend and I be just blah . jim I do not think you be blah . SAM trust I , I be . continued 169 #02159 86 continued - 3 169 jim can I tell you a little story ? SAM about the navy ? jim Jim nod . no , it 's a love story . SAM be you in it ? as bad as Sam feel , she crack up at the think of she father in love . jim this be awhile ago , I .combed my hair different , I be young and fit and I do not walk around the house in my undershort . I be in college and I be head over heel in love with this girl . Sam giggle . jim do not hurt my feeling . SAM sorry . jim anyway , she would not even look at I . so I know that if anything be go to happen , I would have to make the first move . SAM I just can not picture you make a move on a girl . jim either could I . but after worry about it for a couple of week , I finally get up the courage to go to the sorority house where she live . I let she know I want to see she and she come down . I want to faint . she walk over to I and .... SAM I think I know how this end , dad . she turn out to be Mom and you guy get marry and have we . continued 169 #02159 87 continued - 4 169 jim ( shake he head ) no . she stomp on my foot so hard , she break two toe . I meet you mom at the hospital . there 's a pause as both Jim and Sam realize that he story have no relevance to Sam 's situation . jim I guess that do not help you much , huh ? SAM not really . jim yeah . well , if it 's any consolation , I love you and if this guy can not see in you all the heautiful , wonderful thing I see , he 's get the problem . SAM it just hurt . jim that 's why they call they crush . if they be easy , they would call . they some - thing else . SAM if I be Ginny , I would have this guy crawl on he knee . jim let I tell you something about Ginny . it love she just as much as I love you . but she 's a different person . I 'ma little worried about she . when thing come easy , you do not always appreciate they . you , I be not worried . when it happen to you , samantha , it will be forever . he lean over and kiss she forehead . he draw she close and hug she . she kiss he and hold he as tight as he hold she . jim I will not be able to sleep unless I know I help you out with this little talk , so would you be a sport and lie to I ? Sam giggle . continued # 02159 88 169 continued - 5 : 169 SAM yeah , sure , daddy . Jim give she a squeeze and a kiss on the forehead . he get up and cross to the foyer . he stop and turn back to she . jim one more thing , sweetheart . ( pause ) where in the hell be you under - short ? 170 closeup - sam' pantie 170 a boy 's hand carefully examine Sam 's panty . 171 int . jake' live room 171 the geek be share he treasure with Jake . Jake regards the panty with a almost religious reverence . jake this be really hers ? the geek nod proudly . jake do you pants she or something ? geek she give they to I . Jake look curiously at the geek . jake do you ...? Jake hand -signal intercourse . geek oh God , no . she 's cranke for you . I tell she you ask about she and she freak . jake ( puzzle ) really ? she come up to I in the gym and just look at I like I be a leper . no the geek 's get off on play the expert . continued 171 #02159 continued Jake sit 89 171 geek Girls will do that , Jake . you see , they know guy be like in perpetual heat . they know this and they enjoy pump we up . it 's pure power politics . jake I think she hate my gut . geek Games , Jake . silly , torturous game . you know how many time a week I go without lunch because some bitch borrow my lunch money ? any halfway decent girl can rob I because I be too torque - up to say no . it 's heinous . jake you better not be pull my chain . it would be a major downer to try and get together with she and find out she really do think I be a wimp . geek look at it this way , what happen to I if I bullshit you ? . jake ( matter - of - factly ) I reach down you throat and squeeze you heart . geek right . so , why would I lie ? back on the couch and toy with the panty . geek ( serious ) but I feel compel to mention that if all you want off she be a piece of ass , I will do my best to either do it myself or get somebody bigger than I to reach down you throat and squeeze you heart . she 's a excellent human be . not many girl in contemporary american society would give up they underwear to help a weenie like I . continued 171 #02159 90 continued - 2 171 jake I can get a piece of ass anytime I want . shit , I get caroline in my room right now , pass out cold . I could violate she ten different way if I want . the geek 's eye pop open . geek what be you wait for ? jake I do not know . she 's beautiful and build and all that but I be just not interested anymore . geek ( sexy ; macho ) do that really matter , guy ? jake yeah , it matter . she 's totally insensitive . look what she do to my house . she do not know shit about love . all she crave be party action . I want a serious girl friend . somebody I can talk to . somebody I can love and who will love I back . he 's a little embarrassed by he romantic plea . . jake do that sound psycho ? geek oh , hell no . I think a ton of guy feel the same way , only they do not have the ball to admit it . samantha 's a major piece of work . she 's nice and she care . jake I will make a deal with you . ( refer to the panty ) let I have this and I will let you take caroline home . the geek 's mouth drop open . continued 171 172 #02159 91 continued - 3 171 jake she 's all yours . except you have to make sure she get home . you can not like just leave she in a parking lot or something . the geek scratch he head . he can not take the offer . geek I be only a freshman . jake hey , she 's so blitze she will not know the difference . geek I mean , do not have a car . jake take mine . geek I do not have a license either . jake I trust you . the geek swallow hard . geek I better not . jake you be sure ? geek yeah . I be sure . int . jake' garage 172 Jake and the geek carry caroline out of the house . Jake have she under the arm . the geek have she foot . she giggle as they carry she to Jake 's father 's roll royce . Jake balance she on he knee and open the front passenger door . geek this be you car ? jake it 's my dad 's . you say you could not drive stick . continued 172 172-a #02159 : 92 continued 172 geek it 's a fuck roll royce ! jake so? geek so ?! I hear that the grill alone list out for like five grand . I do not have five grand . jake then do not hit anything . Jake drop caroline on the seat . he take she foot from the geek and shove she in . he plant she foot in the footwells and pull she skirt down . he think better of it and look at the geek . jake ( refer to the skirt ) up or down ? the geek flash a look at caroline . geek point of view 172 - a caroline 's best party panty and two perfect thigh . geek ( embarrassed ) um ... you can leave it up . he pull she skirt up . jake go for it , stud . he hand the geek the car key . the geek walk around to the driver 's side and get in . he cross himself and start the engine . caroline roll she head over to the geek . then she look back at Jake . caroline ( refer to the geek ) who 's that ? continued 172-a , 173 ( .. 173- a 173- B #02159 93 continued 172-a jake that 's I . caroline who be you ? jake ( point to the geek ) I be he . caroline ( confuse but convinced ) oh , okay . Jake lean in and give the geek the okay sign . jake she 's totally go . have fun . he back away from the car as the geek put it in reverse . ext . jake' house 173 the roll crawl out of the garage . the radio go on . the roll pull ahead make a broad , graceless circle and head slowly down the driveway . ext . jake' house 173 - a he walk out of the garage and watch the roll head down the drive . he breath a weary sigh and head back to the house . we hear the rustle of tree branch then a familiar . voice . dong ( 0.c. ) ( sexy coo ) oh , sexy girl friend ...! Jake stop dead in he track . he look leave , then right . then overhead . jake' point of view 173 - B Dong leap from a tree branch . his pants be cinched to he head with he belt , like a indian headdress . dong banzai ! 174 175 176 #02159 94 omitted 174 ext . roll 175 it cruise slowly down a residential street . int . roll 176 the geek 's drive with both hand firmly on the wheel . he 's as nervous as a cat in a hailstorm . caroline be next to he , drunk , out of control and obnoxiously playful . Music 's blast . the geeker 's in way over he head . geek can we turn the music down , please ? I be a first time driver . I need to concentrate . caroline reach over and honk the horn . . geek cut it out ! she turn on the windshield washer . the geek struggle to turn they off . she hit the convertable top switch and it start to go up . geek knock it off ! you be go to get we in serious trouble ! caroline pop open a can of beer and try to feed it to the geek . caroline chug-a-lug , pooh bear . he take it from she throw it out the window . the car phone ring . caroline grab it . caroline hello ? the geek take it away from she . she pop another beer . geek ( into the phone ) wrong number . as he hang up the phone , caroline put the beer up on the dash and dig a birth control dispenser out of she purse . she hold it up to he face . he push it away from without recognize it . continued 176 177 178 #02159 95 continued 176 caroline this be my Christmas present to you . she take one of the pill out and hold it in he face . caroline see ? geek yes . thank you . he take the pill and pop it in he mouth . caroline let out a sharp laugh . caroline now we be both on the pill ! the geek look at she with horror . he frantically spit the pill out the window . geek you give I a birth control pill ?! do you have any idea what estrogen can do to a guy my age ?! caroline I know exactly what it do to a girl my age . she slide over next to the geek and purr in he ear . caroline it make it okay to be really super careless . caroline throw a huge kiss on the geek , completely obliterate he view of the road . ext . roll / 177 it jump a curb and ride twenty foot with two wheel on the grass . it ram a big plastic garbage can and jerk back into the street . the can stick under the car , make a terrible racket . int . car 178 caroline drop she head in the geek 's lap . his eye dart back and forth between the road and he lap and caroline . his concern about get in trouble will in the heat of caroline 's passion . continued 178 178-a 179 and 180 181 181 - a 181-b #02159 96 continued 178 geek this be so unreal ! caroline ( 0.c. ) jakey , you have be so cold to I . geek ( firmly , manly ) not anymore , woman . ext . STREET 178 - a the roll peel away into the night . . 179 omitted and 180 ext . house - front bedroom window 181 the geek creep through the bush to the window . he look around and knock on the glass . int . cliff bedroom ' 181 - a the bedroom be jamme with computer hardware . a monitor be glow with a three - dimensional representation of a pair of human brain . a printer be click away as it receive a overseas transmission from he egyptian dungeon and dragon partner . shelves be burden with manual , software , stack of print-out and precision tool . the wall be decorate with erotic print-out -- woman in compromise position do in " e 's " , " a 's " and " x 's " . cliff be sleep in a single bed . he 's wear a black vinyl headband fitte with electrode to scan and record the activity of he sleep brain . he be connect to the computer and to he friend , bryce , who be similarly out - fitte and be asleep on the floor next to cliff 's bed in a sleep bag . cliff and bryce hear the geek 's insistant rap on the window . they both sit up . ext . house - window 181-3 the geek knock again . the window open and bryce and cliff look out . they be still wear they head gear . continued # 02159 97 181-b continued 181 -b 182 cliff Ted ! what the hell be you do ? bryce oh , shit ! be that humongous jock after you ? geek do you have any film in you camera ? cliff huh ? geek do you have any fuck film in you asshole camera , moron ?! cliff what for ? geek just get you camera and come out in front and hurry it up ! cliff ufo ? geek better ! the geek hurry away . bryce extra-terrestrial ? the geek yell back , 0o.c. geek better ! cliff and bryce look at each other . : cliff and bryce female extra-terrestrial ! ext . cliff house - front porch - later 182 the front door open and cliff and bryce come out in they underwear and a t-shirt . cliff 's carry a Polaroid camera . he carefully close the front door . they turn and stop dead in they track . they mouth drop open . 183 184 185 186 #02159 98 he point of view - the roll 183 be park in front of he house with the top down . the geek wave he on . ext . STREET 184 the geek direct cliff around to the front of the car . cliff 's dumbfounded . cliff ( amaze ) this be a fuck roll royce ! she 's the fuck prom Queen ! you get two fuck girl in one night ! geek I tell you I be hot , twerp . cliff hot ? you be a legend ! geek okay , great . I be . now , hurry it up ! I be break about thirty major law . cliff nobody 's go to believe you . geek that 's what the picture 's for , fuzz nut ! the geek hurry around to the driver 's side . cliff fumble with the camera . the geek get in and put he arm around caroline . she snuggle up to he . geek smile , pumpkin . she lift she head and offer a drunken smile . flash ! closeup - photograph , 185 the fully develop Polaroid picture of the geek and caroline . his eye be close . she 's smile and wave . ext . sam' house 186 a Jeep cj roar up to the house and stop . Dong fly out of the door and land with a thud ! on the lawn . his pants be still on he head . the lumberjack lean out . continued 186 c ' ! '' | ' 187 's 188 xl . #02159 99 continued 186 lumberjack hey , Dong man , you make I feel like a woman . Way to fuckin ' go . she squeal away . Dong lift he weary head and reveal a punch - up face and break glass . dong what a exciting country ! he pass out on the lawn . dissolve to ext . sam' house - morning 187 the sun 's come up behind the house . a alarm clock go off . Ginny shriek . ginny mother ! int . house - second floor hallway 188 Brenda hurry out of she room . Jim come out after she . jim great ! she 's not in the shower ? Brenda give he a dirty look and go into Ginny 's room . Jim cross to the bathroom , think he 's get it all to himself . Mike come out of he room . mike dad ? I would not go in there if I be you . grandpa Fred be in there for about a half a hour . it 's totally pollute . jim just get dress . mike it 's you nose . Mike close he door . Jim open the bathroom door . a beat and he slam it shut . # 02159 100 189 int . ginny' room 189 she 's lay on she bed . Brenda 's sit next to she . brenda ( fondly ) you have get the good , old - fashioned bridal jitter . : ginny nlook at she like she 's nut ) I have get cramp that would bring tear to a bull elephant . brenda you will be all right . I want you to do I a favor . wish Sam a happy birthday . Ginny look at Brenda like she 's crazy . ginny do not toy with I , mother ! brenda it be yesterday . we all forget . ginny for Christ 's sake . it 's not fatal . 190 int . house ~- kitchen : 190 the two grandmother be try to make breakfast together . they be as crabby as everyone else . they be in they house - coat . dorothy be annoyed that helen 's smoking while she cook . Howard 's on the wall phone . howard thank you . we will wait for word from you . Fred come in from the backyard with he nine iron . he 's be out take a few practice swing . Howard hang up the phone . howard the police have not see hide nor hair of Long duk Dong . continued # 02159 101 190 continued 190 ll fred maybe he drive back to Korea . you car 's not here either . Howard choke . dorothy drop a egg . 191 omitted 191 191-a int . live room 191 - a Sam walk out of the live room and into the foyer with the blanket drape over she shoulder . she start up the stair . Brenda come down the stair . she stop as she see Sam . she 's upset . brenda oh , Sam .... Sam look up at Brenda , puzzle by she concerned tone of voice . brenda I feel just terrible . I do not know how it happen . I be so busy ... sweetheart , I be sorry . about you birthday . we all be . daddy say he talk to you . SAM it 's okay . I will recover . brenda I do not know what to say , darling . SAM do not say anything . it 's fine . brenda ( on the verge of tear ) I want to say something . it be important to you . yesterday morning , you be try to tell I ... she sniffles . Sam walk up a step and embrace Brenda . she comfort she mother . oo continued 191 - a 192 193 194 195 #02159 102 continued 191-a SAM it 's okay , Mom . brenda honey , I just feel miserable . SAM you will feel better . Sara come up the stair . she stop to watch Brenda and Sam hugging . . sarah who die ? Brenda break the embrace and wipe away a tear . brenda do you have something you want to say to you sister ? sarah what ? be you kid ? Brenda 's annoyed at Sara 's wise - ass misinterpretation of what she mean . brenda I mean about she birthday . it be yesterday . we forget . Sara let out a horse laugh . SARA classic ! she continue up the stair . omitted 192 int . sam' room 193 she climb the stair to she room . she reach the top and drop she blanket . she groan and cover she face . her point of view - howard 194 have set he suitcase down on top of she album . samsonite foot on the virgin vinyl . SAM 195 she sit down on the top stair and cover she face with she hand . continued rm #02159 103 195 continued 195 SAM Old people should be shot . I swear to God , I can not go through with this shit anymore . mike ( 0.c . ) I see London , I see marakesh , I see real live beaver flesh ! Sam look down the stair in horror . SAM you asshole ! 196 int . second floor hallway 196 Mike turn from the door to the third floor stair . mike Sam just call I a asshole . Jim pass on he way to the other bathroom . jim she call them like she see them , sport . mike why do not you get on she case , dad ? do you know she lose grandpa 's alien . jim God bless she . Jim '' go into the bathroom . mike ( shrug in agreement ) good point . 197 int . sam' room 197 she 's curl up on she bed , talk on the phone . SAM I can not even describe what a total bummer this be go to be . I have to go to the wedding and look like miss pretty princess in this dipshit bridesmay dress . I do not have one - tenth the bod to fill the stupid bust up . should I just waste myself and spare the agony ? 198 199 200 201 202 #02159 104 int . randy'' bedroom 198 she 's sit on she bed in T-shirt and panty listen sympathetically . randy I be so bum out to hear all this . I be go to tell you something but maybe I should not . it 's pretty bad . int . sam' room 199 . SAM you may as well . nothing could shock I anymore . int : randy'' room 200 randy last night at the dance my little brother pay a buck to see you underwear . she pull the phone from she ear as Sam scream . int . sam' house - kitchen 201 the grandparent be eat . from the third floor we hear Sam shriek . the grandparent look up from the breakfast . howard Jesus , I hate that rock and roll crap ! fred I be afraid it 's here to stay , howie . ext . sam' house - back door - later 202 the family come out dress for the wedding . the man be wear morning coat . the only one who 's rent clothes fit properly be Fred . fred ( to Howard and Jim ) you know what you tuxedo have in common with a cheap hotel ? Jim and Howard look at he wearily . continued 202 203 204 205 and 206 #02159 105 continued 202 jim and howard no ball room . fred '' aw , you hear that one . Sam 's sullen and annoyed . she 's in a dress . Ginny 's in jeans , clutching she stomach . Brenda 's in a simple outfit , carry the wedding dress . ginny Mom , I swear to God , I be grow a alien creature in my stomach ! mike I hope it lay egg . jim shut you mouth . Jim slam the door and lock the deadbolt . howard where the hell be that son of a bitch neo- Communist gook with my car ?! jim ( to Brenda ) you take the kid , I will take the old folk . fred who be you call old ? jim you , Fred ! Brenda and the girl hurry to the garage and Brenda 's car . Jim shuffles along with the old people . omitted 203 ext . parkway : 204 Dong 's lay in a heap on the grass . a dog be sniff he head . it make a circle and raise its leg . Brenda 's car pull out and speed away . the dog pull a large bra out of Dong 's hip pocket and run off with it . 205 omitted and 206 207 208 209 #02159 106 ext . house 207 Jim 's buick shoot out the drive . int .. car - 208 Fred notice Dong out the window . he point and laugh . fred hey , Howard ! there 's you chinaman ! Howard and dorothy crane they neck . dorothy scream . Mike laugh . ext . STREET 209 Jim slam on the brake . the car door open and everybody pile out . they run to Dong and shoo the dog away . dorothy Howard ! he 's dead ! jim aw , shit ! I be pay three grand for a wedding I will never see ! fred ( make a face ) Holy doodle ! smell like he drown in dog juice ! Howard kneel down and cautiously touch Dong . . howard Dong ? ( sigh of relief , to the other ) thank God ! he 's still warm . he roll he over . Dong open one eye . the other be swollen shut . he 's still drunk and silly . dong no more yanky my wanky ! the donger need food ! Howard look up at dorothy . Fred howl with laughter . continued # 02159 107 209 continued 209 fred why he 's plotze ! bomb right out of he noodle ! howard ( to Fred ) shut up , Fred ! ( to Dong , firm ) Dong ! where 's my automobile ? Dong giggle . dong ( act out drive the car into a lake ) Lake ! dorothy why , you little scuz bag ! sweet , kind dorothy draw she leg back and kick Dong in the groin . 210 ext . church 210 Brenda help Ginny down the church step . Sam and Sara trail behind . the church organist come out the door to greet they . she 's a portly woman in she sixty . organist oh , my ! be everything all right ? I be afraid you would have a accident . ginny I wish . brenda her monthly bill come early . SARA what monthly bill ? you say she egg factory go berserk . Brenda step in front of Sara to shut she up . brenda she 's fine . she take a muscle relaxer . ginny try three . continued 210 211 212 #02159 108 continued 210 brenda you do not ! ginny mother , I be not in pain . I be in hell . the organist 's eye open wide at the mention of hell . ext . parking lot across from the church - same time 211 Jim 's car pull up alongside the roll royce . the grand - parent , Jim and Mike get out . Fred 's still chuckle . Howard help dorothy . she 's limping . we hold on the roll . int . roll - backseat 212 the top 's down and caroline be asleep in the geek 's arm . somehow , during he night of wild fun , he 's remember to put on he orthodonic headgear . a modest bird drop be splatter on one of he eyeglass lense . there 's a lip - stick mark on he forehead . caroline snuggle against he chest . she plant a sleepy kiss on he chest and open she eye . half she hair be miss from the night before . caroline you be so warm . she scoot up a bit and kiss he lip . he snore . she rear back from he . caroline Jake ? she squint . caroline ( baffle ) he turn into a digithead ? she sit up , daze and confuse . she rub she throbbing head . she reach into she lap , lift a buttock and remove the geek 's hand . she lean back over he and study he face . she hold he cheek and turn he head back and forth . caroline this be totally weird . the geek moan softly and put he arm around she . caroline open she purse . it 's stuff full of the hair she friend cut off the night before , she study it for a moment and recognize it as she own . she feel the uncut side then the bare side . if she be not so baffle she would scream . # 02159 109 213 closeup - ginny 213 she look gorgeous . the prettiest bride in the world . a beat and a silly , stone smile break across she face . her eye slowly cross . 214 int . church - anteroom 214 Brenda 's hold Ginny up as Sam put shoe on she . the painkiller 's have kick in . ginny ( giggle ) Jesus Christ ! do I feel funky ! SARA Mom ? be you still marry even if you do not remember what happen at you wedding ? the organist open the door and look in . organist be everything okay ? ginny ace to the max , munchkin . brenda ( embarrassed ) we will be ready in a moment . organist I can not find the groom . Ginny let out a titter . ginny Cruise the bar . that 's where I find he . 215 omitted 215 216 int . roll - backseat 216 the geek 's still sleep . caroline gently slap he face . caroline you wanna wake up , please ? the geek stir and open he eye . he look around in bewilderment until he orient himself . he sit up with a start . continued 216 #02159 110 continued 216 geek where be I ? caroline I will tell you where you be if you tell I who you be . the geek peel off he headgear . geek I be Farmer Ted . caroline you be in a parking lot . he crane he neck and look out of the car . geek what happen ? . caroline get I , junior . he notice that half she hair 's miss . geek do I do that ? caroline at this point , anything 's possible . the geek scratch he head -- a faint memory come to mind . geek do we ...? caroline I be pretty sure . geek do I ...enjoy it ? ( answer he own question ) what be i? nut ? of course I do . I have to. ( pause ) do you ? caroline think for a troubled moment . caroline you know , I have this weird feel I do . / '' 217 218 219 #02159 111 int . church - anteroom 217 Brenda 's walk Ginny up and down , try to get she to drink coffee . brenda this be ridiculous ! Ginny ! Ginny look at Brenda with woeful , sleepy eye . Sam and Sara watch from a window bench . SAM the family have definitely go into a new orbit . SARA yeah . it 's kind of scary . I have to live with they another ten year . SAM do my dress look wretch ? Sara study it , concentrate on the bust . SARA you could use some carrot . SAM if I stuff kleenex down my front , will you tell everybody in the world ? SARA just boy . Sam curl she lip . she push in on one of she boob . the cup cave in . SAM excellent , huh ? nothing ever go right for I . I be curse . ext . sam' house . 218 Jake 's porsche be park out in front . he 's at the front door . ext . house - front porch 219 Jake ring the bell . Inside we hear horrible moan and groan and animal - like bellow . Jake peek in the side door window . 220 221 #02159 112 int . foyer 220 Dong limp in wear Brenda 's pink bathrobe and boxer short . he 's hold two cold can of Coke to he temple . he 's walk bow-legge . he have a black eye . dong mwaaa . let I die . mwaaaa . he move the can to the groin injury he sustained when dorothy kick he . ext . porch 221 Dong open the door . Jake be startle to see he . Dong be even more startle . he scream and slam the door close . dong ( 0.c. ) eek ! I call police ! f.b.i .! go_away ! jake open the door ! dong ( 0.c.. ) no_way Jose ! you beat up my face ! Jake lean down and yell into the mail chtte . jake you jump I and squeeze my nut ! Jake step back as Dong open the door . dong ( surprised ) that you ?! ( apologetic ) so sorry . I think it new american girl friend . jake ( impatient ) forget it , okay ? just get samantha . dong she not here . jake do not jerk I around . where be she ? continued 221 222 223 #02159 113 continued 221 dong she get marry . jake what ?! dong she at church . she get marry to oily bohunk . Jake turn from the door , puzzle and bewilder . jake married ? int . church - lobby 222 guest be filing in . Mike be a usher . a conservatively dress couple walk in . mike guest of the bride or the groom ? man bride . Mike point down the aisle . mike to you leave , sir . a wildly dress couple walk in . Mike look they up and down and deduce from they clothing that they be guest of the groom . mike Friends of the groom , right ? int . church - anteroom 223 Brenda 's straighten Ginny 's dress . she have she propped against the wall . Sam and Sara be wait patiently with they bouquet . brenda you be sure you be all right , sweetie ? Ginny nod , yes . ginny it 's gonna be a piece of cake , bre not . continued 223 224 225 226 #02159 114 continued 223 SAM ( sincere and warm ) Ginny ? I want to tell you something just in case you pass out . I be really happy for you . I be sorry if I have be kind of a jerk lately . ginny ( slurry and high ) hey , screw it , honey . I love you like a sister . SAM I know you will have a great marriage . she lean over and kiss Ginny . Ginny smile and keel over backwards . int . church - lobby 224 Jim wait nervously for the music cue and the bride . in the adjacent room , we hear a loud thud ! the organ come up with the first bar of " the wedding March . " Jim rush to the door of the anteroom and open it . Inside we see Brenda help a daze Ginny to she foot . int . church 225 the organist stop play and listen , along with everyone else , to Jim and Brenda . jim I do not care what she have ! look at she ! brenda would you please be quiet ?! we do not have to announce to everybody that she have she period ! int . church - reverend and rudy 226 they exchange embarrassed smile . behind they , the organist poke she head out of the organ chamber window . GROOM I guess the guy who think we have to get marry feel pretty stupid right about now , huh , padre ? the reverend nod politely . 227 228 ( 229 #02159 115 int . church - lobby 227 Brenda help Ginny onto Jim 's arm . he support she . Brenda hurry down the aisle , apologize as she run . she take she seat . Sam and Sara pick up Ginny 's train . Jim start down the aisle with Ginny . int . church 228 Ginny flash stone smile as she shuffles down the aisle . ginny ( whisper ) how 's it goin ' ? I hope none of you guy get I wok . Jim squeeze she arm . she shut up . they pass a woman with a feathered hat and Ginny can not resist bat the feather . ext . parking lot - roll 229 caroline and the geek be chat amicably . there 's a hint of tenderness in the conversation . caroline you be awfully nice to I . I must have be mucho obnoxioso . geek you bit I . caroline I be sorry . geek it 's okay . I guess last night be just about the best night of my life . now and probably the future , too . caroline yeah . what I remember be okay . I never go out with a freshman . not even when I be a freshman . geek I either . caroline you be pretty crazy . continued 229 230 #02159 116 continued 229 geek I be ? caroline yeah , but you know what I like best ? geek my clean , close shave ? caroline waking up in you arm . the geek be flabbergasted . he look at he arm . geek this thing ? ext . church 230 Jake 's car pull up in front of the church . a rent limousine be wait . the Driver be lean on the fender smoking a cigarette . jake ( to the Driver ) be there a wedding go on in there ? driver that 's the rumor . jake you would not know if the bride be like a sophomore in high school would you ? the Driver look at he like he 's crazy . driver this be not kentucky . jake ( sigh with relief ) true . I be sort of like possibly fall in love with this girl perhaps and it would be the shit if she get marry before I get a chance to take she out , you know ? so ... thanks . he revs he engine and whip around into the parking lot . 231 232 233 #02159 117 ext . parking lot 231 Jake pull up alongside the roll . he stand up and look out he sunroof into the roll . jake Holy shit ! ext . roll 232 caroline and the geek be lock in a passionate kiss . through half - close eye , caroline see Jake . caroline ( voice distort by the kiss ) uh oh . she pull away from the geek , leave he french the air . she smile at Jake . caroline ( timid ) hi , Jake . the geek hear Jake 's name .. his eye open in fear . caroline straighten she blouse and push she hair back . caroline ( nervous , to Jake ) do you have a minute ? she stand up and swing she leg over the side of the roll . caroline ( to the geek ) do not go away . the car phone ring . geek answer it . he 's annoyed . geek you wanna learn what happen ? buy the book . he hang up . int . jake' car 233 caroline get in the passenger side . she 's nervous and unsure of how 's she 's go to explain herself . he 's just as nervous . they both sit for a moment , exchange timid , embarrassed glance . continued 233 #02159 continued 118 233 jake sorry about get you involved with that guy . caroline it 's okay . really . ( nervous chuckle ) it be not too terrible . ( embarrassed ) weird ? she 's embarrassed to admit to she feeling for the geek . Jake smile . regardless of how little he 's be feel for caroline , it still hurt he that she be with somebody else . it ' Jake nod Jake nod . 's a knee-jerk reaction . jake ( recover he pride ) so , what should we do ? caroline about we ? uneasily . caroline it 's gonna be two year for we like next Thursday . jake ( correct she ) Wednesday . caroline be it ? there 's a uncomfortable pause . for the first time , caroline look innocent and vulnerable . caroline neither one of we be go to die if it do not happen for we . jake true . caroline I just do not know right now . but I be cover , okay ? I will not get hurt . continued { qe 233 234 235 235 - a 236 237 238 #02159 119 continued - 2 233 Jake be seriously straddle the fence between Sam and caroline . he have not anticipate this conversation or caroline 's change attitude . he do not know what to say . caroline I will leave it up to you . Jake look over at caroline . it 's he decision . the situation be of he make and he accept that it 's also he to resolve . he nod he agreement . int . church 234 sunlight stream in the window , the stain glass glow . it 's peaceful and serene as the ceremony be underway . int . church - SAM 235 tear well up in she eye as she watch she big sister take the vow . she look like a angel and even the yellow dress she hate so much look lovely on she . there 's a storm of emotion go on inside she . she 's happy , jealous , sad , lonely , angry , hurt . she sniffles and try not to cry . something distract she . she look down at she chest . closeup ~- sam' chest 235 - a the cave - in cup slowly pop out . - int . church - grandpparent 236 the grandmother be cry . Howard sniffles . Fred blow he nose with a loud honk ! int . church - mike and SARA 237 Mike 's eye be wander across the ceiling . Sara 's pick she seat . int . church - brenda and jim 238 they watch with pride . Brenda 's cry . Jim lift he glass and dry he eye . 239 240 241 242 243 244 #02159 120 int . church - altar 239 rudy and Ginny exchange they vow . the reverend speak in hushed and pensive tone . reverend do you , Virginia , take this .... Ginny interrupt he ina casual , slurry voice . ginny you bet , bub . int . church - jim and brenda 240 they exchange troubled glance . Brenda look past Jim to rudy 's parent and apologize with a weak smile . int . church - bruno and irene . 241 they mouth be open in alarm . int . church ~ altar 242 Ginny peel off she veil and toss it onto a floral arrangement . ginny sorry , I can not see with that ridiculous thing in my face . go ahead . I be cool now . the reverend clear he throat , overlook Ginny 's stone ' interruption and continue . reverend ... take this man to be you lawful wedd husband ? ginny ( look at rudy ) oh , for sure . he 's hot . int . church - SAM 243 she wince at the mess Ginny 's make of she wedding . int . church - mike and SARA 244 Sara roll she eye . Mike shake he head and cover he face with he hand . 245 c '' 246 247 ne #02159 121 int . church - reverend 245 he repeat the vow for rudy . reverend do you , Rudolf take this woman to be you lawful wedd wife ? ginny ( to rudy ) you turn , babe . rudy ( ignore she ) I do . reverend with this ring .... rudy 's best man hand he Ginny 's ring . Sam hand Ginny rudy 's ring . ginny thanks , Sam . ( look at she dress , whisper ) you know that dress do not look nearly as shitty on you as it do at the store . Sam turn Ginny around to face rudy . Ginny drop the ring . ginny oh , crap ! she get down on all four and pick it up . int . church - grandpparent 246 all four lean forward at the same time , hardly believe what they be see . int . church - altar , 247 the reverend race through the rest of the ceremony to get it over with before anything else happen . reverend ... I thee wed . Ginny and rudy exchange ring . continued 247 248 249 250 251 #02159 122 continued reverend you may now kiss the bride . rudy put he arm on Ginny 's waist . he lean forward and pucker . Ginny keel over backwards , leave rudy kissing air . organ music surge in . ext . church both family stream out of the church and gather around the door . the photographer set himself up at the bottom of the stair . Ginny and rudy come out and everybody toss rice . Ginny try to catch some in she mouth . rudy quickly hustle she to the wait limousine . the crowd begin to head toward the parking lot . ext . church - SAM she remember that Ginny 's leave she veil inside . SAM she forget she veil ! she turn and go back into the church . int . church - SAM she head back up the aisle for the altar . she wipe she tear away as she walk . she reach the altar and retrieve the veil from the floral arrangement . she straighten it out and very carefully and reverently fold it . ext . church - grandpparent the four of they head across the lawn . helen do not Ginny look lovely ? dorothy and so relaxed . fred let 's hope she stay awake long enough to consummate this thing . helen Fred ! continued 247 248 249 250 251 251 252 #02159 123 continued 251 howard who be we riding with ? Jim and Brenda approach with Mike and Sara trail behind . Jim and Brenda be bicker . jim ( to Brenda ) let 's just get the hell over to the reception ! . brenda hold you horse ! jim I do not want she sit in the cake .... brenda she 's not go to sit in the cake ! reverend Allen do not drive so I will take he and the organist and the kid . you take the old people . fred now she 's call we old ! Brenda hurry away . Jim usher the old folk to the street . jim let 's put a fire under it ! the photographer come up and try to pose Jim and the old people . jim will you knock it off ! he groan and join the old folk in a group pose . they all smile . flash ! jim okay , let 's move it out ! Jim and the old folk cross the street between the traffic jam of horn honk car . ext . church 252 Sam come out of the church to find that she thoughfulness in retrieve Ginny 's veil have be reward by she be leave behind . the crown blow . she stand alone on the church step in she stupid dress with she stupid flower , tear on she face . she look down at the ground . the loneliest girl in all of creation . she look up and wipe she tear on she arm . she drop she head again . 253 254 255 256 257 258 #02159 124 closeup - SAM 253 her head be bow . she look up slowly through she hair . she pause with she head raise halfway . she can not believe she eye . her point of view - the car 254 have all pull away and park on the street directly across from the church be Jake 's porsche . Jake be stand next to the car , look across at Sam . he 's smile nervously . he raise he hand , offer a tiny , tentative wave . jake hi. closeup - SAM 255 for a moment , she do not think he 's talk to she . she glance over she shoulder to make sure he 's look at she and not someone behind she . ext . STREET - jake 256 his smile fade . he interpret she hesitation in return he greeting as rejection . he feel like a fool . jake shit . she hate I . I know it . he carefully reach around behind and open the door . then he quickly jump in and start the engine . he pull away . closeup - SAM 257 her eye open wide in horror . she scream . SAM Jake ! she take off down the step . ext . STREET 258 Jake slam on the brake . he see Sam run . he throw the car in reverse and back up to the church . he jump out . Sam wait for a car to pass , then run to he . 259 260 #02159 125 closeup = SAM and jake 259 she do not know what to say . he do not know what to say . it 's the moment they have both be wait for and neither one know what to do . SAM hi. jake hi. SAM what be you do here ? jake I hear that you be here . SAM you come for I ? jake be that okay ? SAM actually , it 's excellent . jake do you have to go to a reception or something ? SAM I be suppose to . jake can I call you later ? SAM yeah . ext . STREET 260 Jake get back in the car . he put it in gear and start to pull away . SAM I mean , no ! Jake stop . jake no , I can not call ? SAM I mean no , I be not go to the reception . Jake grin from ear to ear . 261 262 263 264 265 266 #02159 126 ext . parking lot 261 Jim be help the old people into the car . something catch he eye . he watch curiously . he point of view - jake 262 open he car door for sam. sam see Jim . she point to Jake as he walk around to the driver 's side to let Jim know that Jake be the love of she life . jim 263 a smile spread across he face as he realize that Jake be the boy Sam be talk about the night before . he wink and give Sam the thumb up . dorothy ( 0.c. ) will you hurry up , Jim ! we be .... without take he eye off Sam , Jim slam the car door , cut off dorothy . dorothy 264 through the backseat window , we see that Jim have close the door on she hat . SAM 265 she throw Jim a big kiss and get in the car . ext . country club - portico ~ evening : 266 Brenda , Jim , Mike and Sara be under the portico . Brenda 's worried , Jim be smug and coy . he know where Sam be . he play along with the other . brenda what could have happen to Sam ? . jim I be sure she 's fine . mike maybe she blow this thing off . it 's possible she 's not as dumb as she look . continued 266 267 268 #02159 127 continued 266 jim she will be all right . brenda I know she 's still upset about she birthday . . mike we dumped on she royally , Mom . . SARA I feel terrible and it 's not even I that it happen to . jim we will make it up to she . brenda poor thing . mike ( wipe he nose on he sleeve ) yeah . pathetic underdog wench . brenda Jim , will you call home ? I can not stand the think of she sit by herself alone in a dark house . the family head back into the club . Jim hang back smile knowingly . int . jake' house - indoor pool 267 the room be dark except for a fragile glow of yellow in the center of the pool . closeup - birthday cake . 268 a birthday cake with sixteen light candle rest on a styrofoam ring float in the pool . Sam and Jake be in the water on either side of the ring , look across the candle at each other . they slowly circle the cake , look long and deep into each other 's eye . SAM thanks for get my undy back . continued 268 #02159 . 128 continued jake thanks for come over . SAM thanks for come to get I . jake happy birthday , samantha . he lean across the cake and kiss she . jake make a wish . Sam smile . SAM it already come true . Sam look down at the cake , take a deep breath and blow out the candle . Music up . " sixteen candle . " Big , loud and bright as we begin : the end black screen 268