the death artist ( 1995 ) ( remake of corman' classic " bucket of blood " ) int jabberjaw - night the cavernous club be pack with a cross section of artist , poet , actor , model , ROCKERS , grungers , punk , addict , and other assort character , stand at the bar and seat at table - bizarre painting and sculpture adorn the wall - close on a boom BOX on a stage - the tape roll , and soon strange industrial music begin to blare from the box - maxwell , a eccentric - look man with a goatee and various piercing on he face , stand on the stage in front of a microphone - a abstract portrait hang on the wall behind he - maxwell I will talk to you of art , for there be nothing else to talk about , for there be nothing else ... life be nothing but homeless traveler on the rtd of art ... we pull back to see patron sit at table amid various sculpture , painting , and display of questionable artistic promise - maxwell burn gas on the freeway , and whip you sour cream of circumstance ... flip at you channel and plod at you monitor ... soon we see walter paisley , a meek , unassume bus boy , work he way around the table , take empty drink , empty ashtray , all the time listen to the performer on stage - maxwell creation be , all else be not ... what be not creation be meatless sausage , and rice cake , let it all crumble to feed the artist - walter pass a table where a upscale art dealer with a ponytail interrupt he prospective client to answer he cellular phone - maxwell the artist be , all other be not , a canvas be a canvas or a painting , a rock be a rock or a statue , a sound be a sound or it be music , a preacher be a preacher or a artist - walter pass art , seat with two attractive woman - he roll himself a cigarette , nodd in approval to maxwell - maxwell where be John Joe Jake Jim jerk , dead dead dead , they be not bear before they be bear , they be not bear , where be Leonardo , mozart , Shakespeare , alive alive alive , they be bear - walter continue to bus the room - he pause to stop and listen to maxwell - he then look over a man be shoulder - he be sketching - walter observe the sketch - Pov it be a fairly good sketch of the room - leonard , the artsy manager of the club , notice walter pause to listen - maxwell bring on the multitude and the multitude of fish - feed they that you will be satisfied , nourish the artist , stretch they skin upon a easel , crush they bone into a paste , so that he may mold they , let they die , and by they miserable death become the clay in he hand , that he might form a ashtray or a ark - that he might take you in he magic hand and wring from you marrow wonder - all that be come through the eye of the artist - walter move on - see a attractive woman , carla , who open a manila envelope and remove some head shot of herself - maxwell the rest be blind fish , swim in the cave of aloneness - swim on you mortal and muddle madden soul - and dream , of one bright and sunny island - some artist will bait a hook , and let you bite upon it , bite hard , and die - walter look at carla 's picture - maxwell in he stomach , you will feed creation ! maxwell turn off the tape , and the audience applaud - carla then look up to see walter look at she picture - he awkwardly smile at she and she smile back - Leonard then approach walter - leonard walter , what be you do ? walter I be just look at carla 's picture . leonard well that 's not what I pay you for , now be it ? walter well I be uh , just look ... leonard well do some look around the room . I see cup , ashtray - let 's go ... walter slink away - Leonard get close to carla , very close , all the time admire she head shot - leonard ah , you new head shot ... ( beat ) I like it , very much ... carla do you have to be so cold to he ? Leonard smile , and stroke carla 's hair - walter watch this , the turn and walk away - at the entrance of the club stand lou , a man in a designer suit , no tie - he scan the room as walter pass he - lou how ya doin ' ? walter uh , hi . walter slink away , and Lou look around some more - Art see Lou - Lou subtly gesture to Art and head into the club - Art get up , address the two girl - art I be out of here . Art and Lou head toward the men' room - int men' room - night Art and Lou check the stall to see the room be empty - art alright we be clear . lou anything new ? art not really . one girl who fit the descrip come in , kinda skinny , brunette , do not see much change hand . lou be the manager cooperate ? art yeah , he 's keep a eye out , say he would call we if he see anything . that 's about it for tonight . lou alright I get you , man . it 's my turn for freak patrol . art you know it . ( beat ) I be out of here . Art head out , and Lou check himself in the mirror - int jabberjaw - night maxwell sit at a table with carla , mayolia , a skinny yet buxom woman , and charlie , a long-haire hanger - on - maxwell be look at carla 's head shot - carla so , do you like it ? maxwell ( bored ) it 's perfectly adequate , as far as that type of thing go ... walter approach , with a tray of glass in he hand - maxwell ( change subject ) I do not think anyone get what I say , they blank face stare , mute , unfeel - walter I like it very much Mr. Brock . I like it very much . maxwell ( condescending ) well I be overjoy . walter " let they die , and by they miserable death become the clay in he hand , that he might form a ashtray or a ark -' carla look at walter - carla that 's word for word . maxwell be it ? I have forget . mayolia you mean you do not remember you own poem ? maxwell I refuse to say anything twice - repetition be death ! charlie what do you mean ? maxwell when you repeat something , you be relive a moment , waste it , look at a shed skin - I only want new impression , new sensation - walter I think you believe that life be a homeless traveler riding on the rtd of - maxwell ( interrupt ) I know that - I know that ! I also believe in burn the creative candle , you understand , down to the end - to be uncreative you might as well be dead ... a walk machine , toil in a factory ! walter I work in one of they . back in Alaska . ( smile meekly ) the people at the table look at walter , then laugh cynically - in the background , Leonard glare at walter - carla walter , Leonard 's look at you again . walter grab up a cup and saucer off the table , almost spilling the content before head off - charlie that guy 's a class - a cracker . maxwell walter 's get a clear mind . probably something will enter it , feel lonely , and leave again ... everyone at the table laugh weakly - at another table two eccentrically dress artist , cuff and link , talk to a upscale older couple - cuff have a series of matted photograph in he hand - older man I have hear you can find some cut edge piece here if you keep a eye out - older woman I would like to find something for we de , something unusual - cuff well maybe this work might interest you - cuff show the woman the photograph - she react to they with disdain - Pov they be picture of various road kill - squirrel , skunk , possum - cuff it 's we road kill series . I take the picture . link ( proudly ) I do the research . the woman hand back the photograph - older woman not quite what I be look for . older man yes , we be interested in something with some investment potential - cuff hey , this be no supermarket , there be no aisle , it 's all in the attitude - walter approach - link yeah that 's a dead soul way to look at it - older woman nonsense . we have develop many a rapport with struggle artist - we be very supportive - walter " all that be come through the eye of the artist - the rest be blind fish , swim in the cave of aloneness . " the four people stare at walter - older woman that 's very deep , and come from a bus boy too - walter " feed they that you will be satisfied - the artist be , all other be not -' older man where have I hear that before ? older woman be you a poet also ? walter uh...no . no I be not . older man what do you do ? walter well , uh , I be ... work , I have be work on something , it 's not ready yet . cuff what be it , a cry clown ? walter huh ?! link walter must have buy himself some crayon . Leonard approach , look exasperate - cuff get out of here , man . we be negotiate a deal . walter I be work on something ! I be go to show you soon ! leonard walter ! Leonard get close to he - leonard ( under he breath ) you be start to try my patience ! walter sheepishly head off - the two artist laugh - the older woman look at Leonard - older woman be he , uh ?... leonard about to be out of a job . walter return to maxwell 's table , where carla , mayolia , and Charlie be still sit - he gesture to some empty glass - walter be you do with this ? maxwell yes , get rid of they ... in the split second when no one be look , walter snatch up one of carla 's head shot , keep it under he tray , as he clean up the empty glass - dissolve to ext jabberjaw - night walter pass a alley where a group of thug hastily strip down a car park on the street - ext STREET - night walter walk the street alone - soon he stop and look ahead - there be a parked car with the window open - a couple be make out in the front seat - walter smile meekly - soon the man in the car , a mean-look character spot walter - the two stop make out and the man stare at walter - man what be you look at ? you want to get shot ? walter 's smile fade , and he stuff he hand in he pocket , and head down the street , alone , inadvertently bump into some garbage can - ext courtyard apartment - night walter unlock a creaky iron gate cover with dead ivy - ext courtyard - night as walter head in , he run into mrs . swicker , the landlady - walter oh , hello Mrs. swicker . mrs . swicker hello walter . I want to tell you the super fix the leaky pipe and seal up that hole in you wall . walter oh , ok . mrs . swicker walter you look awful pale ! what do you have to eat today ? walter I have a salami sandwich , Mrs. swicker . mrs . swicker if you be my son ... why do not you let I fix you a nice hot bowl of soup , it will not take but a minute . walter oh no , that 's ok , I can fix myself something . besides , I get something important to do ... walter go to unlock he door - mrs . swicker oh by the way do you happen to see frankie out here , by any chance ? walter think for a second - walter uh , no , I do not see he at all . mrs . swicker what 's get into that cat ? well if you do see he , tell he I have get a nice fat piece of ocean-fresh halibut for he - walter t-tell he that ? mrs . swicker if you see he . walter ok Mrs. swicker . Mrs. swicker head off - mrs . swicker good night walter ... walter good night , Mrs. swicker - walter open he door and head in - int walter' room - night walter close the door and turn on a light hang over a kitchen table - a cloth cover a object roughly the size of a bowl ball on the table - he remove carla 's head shot , tuck inside he shirt , and place it on the table after look at it for a beat - walter head over to the stove , stop to notice a freshly plaster area on the wall , a bag of plaster still on the ground - walter open himself up a can of bean - he look around and find a old , dent metal pot , pour the bean into the pot - he throw the empty can in the direction of a overflow garbage can , light the stove and put the pot on the burner - walter then take a seat at the table - he lift the cloth , revealing a mound of clay - a cat meow in the distance as walter look at carla 's picture , appreciate she beauty - walter now I have my muse ... walter then turn and begin to mold the clay - dissolve to int walter' room a half - hour later . walter have attempt to sculpt a bust - he look at carla 's picture , then back at he sculpture - walter 's Pov it be a badly sculpt head , that not only look nothing like carla but have a hard time pass for anything human - walter look at it , know that much work be need on he creation - he grab a blob of fresh clay from a adjacent pile and begin to form a nose - the cat meow again - walter look around - walter frankie ? walter continue enthusiastically sculpting the blob of clay - walter a canvas be a canvas or a painting . a rock be a rock or a statue ... a sound be a sound or be music ... walter look at the sculpture - walter then attaches the nose - smoothing it on - it look ridiculous , something out of grammar school art class - he 's have difficulty form anything that resemble a nose - walter come on ... you be suppose to be a nose ... the malformed face stare dumbly back at he as he fight to shape the nose - the cat meow again - walter be get increasingly frustrated - he back up to look at the head - pan the photograph of carla , over to the sculpture - one of the ear fall off - walter squint at the head , fail to convince himself it 's look better - frustrated , walter yank the nose off and grab a little more clay - walter why can not I make a nose ! on the stove , the bean begin to boil - walter shape the clay and stick the nose back on , he tongue stick out of he mouth as he fumble with it - the nose have change shape and jut perpendicularly off the head , resembling pinocchio - walter begin to sculpt with increase fury - he grab up more clay , start mush the face - soon the object begin to lose resemblance to anything close to a human head , or anything for that matter - walter stand up and back up , look at the sculpture - get angry he begin to mush the sculpture - walter no no no no - the cat meow again , louder - walter look around , irritate - he begin to squash the sculpture - finally lose he patience walter kick back the chair , grab the clay head and hurl it across the room - the clay hit the wall with a dull thud , stay there for a beat , then fall to the ground - walter push back he hair with he hand - the cat meow - the bean begin to overflow on the stove - walter run toward the stove , smack he head on the overhead light - the light swing back and forth as walter rush over to the pot , grab it hastily off the stove before shrieking in pain and drop the pot into the sink , splattering bean in all direction - walter clutches he hand in pain as the light swing , the cat meow louder - walter begin to look around furiously - walter frankie shut up ! walter then focus he frustrated mind toward the direction of the patch up wall - walter get closer - he hear the meow come from inside the wall - walter frankie ? walter put he ear to the wall - he hear scratching noise - walter turn away from the wall - walter I do not believe this ! ( yell at the wall ) how do you get stick in the wall ! the meow persist - walter alright alright - calm down , I will get you out - walter look around , go toward a drawer by the sink , and produce a long , narrow carving knife - he head back to the wall - walter hang tight frankie , ol ' walter 's gonna get you out ... walter then feel the wall as if he do this type of thing professionally - when the determine the proper area of entry he carefully aim the knife and - wham ! - screech ! frankie make a comical screech of pain which end abruptly - walter freeze - he eye wide open with panic - he stand back - the wall be silent - walter frankie ? there be no response - walter frankie how're ya doin ' in there ? there be no response - walter begin to beat the wall , until the thin material begin to give way - he rip a big chunk of the wall off , confirm the worst - the knife impale frankie into a wooden stud in the wall - the cat be no more - walter pull and tug at the knife until it be freed from the wall - he gingerly cradle frankie , still impale by the knife - walter what have I do ? walter walk over to the kitchen table - walter oh frankie I be so sorry ... he lower the cat down - walter poor Mrs. swicker ... ( beat ) she have a nice fat piece of ocean-fresh halibut for you ... walter walk backward toward the kitchen , look forlornly at the cat - he reach for another can of bean , but he eye focus on the clay head on the floor - walter pick up what use to be a head and sit back down at the kitchen table - he look at carla look back at he from the picture - he then stare blankly ahead - walter repetition be death , frankie ... dissolve to ext los angele - dawn silhouett building in the early light - int walter' room - dawn still dress , walter toss and turn on he bed - maxwell ( v.o. ) nourish the artist , stretch they skin upon a easel , crush they bone into a paste , so that he may mold they , let they die , and by they miserable death become the clay in he hand , that he might maxwell ( cont. ) form a ashtray or a ark - that he might take you in he magic hand and wring from you marrow wonder - all that be come through the eye of the artist - walter bolt upright , waking from he dream - walter ( beat , then almost imperceptibly ) where be the John Joe Jake Jim ... jerk ... walter get up out of bed - he head toward the kitchen table - he look at a now stiff frankie - maxwell ( v.o. ) Dead ...dead ... dead ... walter stare at frankie for a beat and turn off the overhead lamp - he then look up , as if get a idea - he look over at the floor - see the bag of plaster - ext STREET - day walter 's foot be visible as he walk down the street - as we pan up , we see walter cradling a package wrap in brown paper and string - ext jabberjaw - day Leonard stand very close to carla , who be wear tight , red velvet bell - bottom - she flip through several canvase of scribble painting she have bring over - carla I be try to find a style of my own . do you really like they ? leonard oh yes ... very nice ... very , very nice ... walter then approach with he package - carla see he - so do Leonard - carla hi walter ... leonard what be you do here so early ? walter well I bring something , I want to show you . leonard what be it , you laundry ? walter huh ? carla do not worry about he ... what have you get ? walter ( enthusiastically ) a thing I make . walter lower it to the ground and undoe the string - he then open the paper and reveal what he bring - it be frankie , encase in plaster along with the knife - walter grin like a simpleton at he creation , but carla be impressed - carla wow ... ( beat ) wow ... carla pick up the statue - carla Leonard ... look at this ... Leonard puff on he cigarette - leonard where would ya buy that ? walter I do not buy it I make it . Leonard take another puff - leonard ( incredulous ) you ... make that ? walter I say I do , do not I ! carla I have never see anything like this , maybe segal , but nothing with such ... dichotomy ... ( beat ) it 's very good , walter - walter honest ? leonard well , what 's it call ? walter look up at Leonard - walter Dead cat ! leonard ( beat ) Dead cat ? walter yeah . leonard well it sure look dead enough . walter stand up - walter you want to buy it , put it in the club ? leonard you want I to buy Dead cat ? ( laugh ) it will scare people away . carla do not you feel it ? Leonard and walter look at carla - leonard and walter ( simultaneously ) feel what ? carla do not you feel what it 's give off ? it 's ... presence ... come take a closer look ... Leonard get closer - carla look at the detail , it 's so alive , and yet ... so dead ... carla turn the statue 's face toward Leonard - carla look at the expression on its face ... walter puff he cigarette and stare at walter - leonard well ... why do you put a knife in it ? walter I do not mean to . leonard get carry away , huh ? Leonard inspect the statue - leonard alright , I will tell you what . I will put it in the corner of the alcove . if it sell , we will split it fifty - fifty . how 's that ? walter sure ! ( beat , then to carla ) so I guess that mean I be a artist after all . carla ( smile politely ) maybe so ... leonard I would not give up you day job . walter all that be come through the eye of the artist ... leonard alright get a grip on yourself now since you be here why do not you start early , the kitchen need clean . walter sure ! walter head off then turn and face Leonard and carla - walter you really like it ? carla of course ... it 's wonderful . leonard I can barely contain myself . now chop chop ! walter head into the back - int jabberjaw - night the scene be happen , strange music play in the background - Art walk into the club - walter pass he - walter do you see my cat ? art why , be he lose ? walter no , I uh ... walter walk away - in the alcove sit Dead cat - a young man wear a beret and leather jacket inspect the work - he seem zonk out on some chemical - walter approach he - walter you like my cat ? young man yeah ... it 's like out there , you understand what I be say ? walter sure . you want to buy it ? young man no man , I do not have the fund to be buy various piece of artwork , you understand what I be say ? Leonard approach - walter sure . the young man head off - walter face Leonard - walter people seem to like my cat . leonard enough already about it - get to work ! walter head off - Leonard light a cigarette and look at the sculpture - walter buss a table - charlie ( o.s. ) hey walter , come here ! walter head over to a table - seat be maxwell , carla , Charlie , and another attractive blonde woman - maxwell appear clearly intoxicate - charlie congrat , walter . carla walter everyone 's talk about it . maxwell turn and focus on walter - maxwell I see you ...cat . walter do you like it mister Brock ? maxwell call I ... maxwell . charlie how would ya do it walter ? walter oh , I just get some plaster , and fix it up . charlie papier mache ? walter uh , no . plaster . Charlie laugh - maxwell stare at walter , then stagger to he foot - look at the room - maxwell attention everyone ! everybody ! some people pay attention - maxwell ( drunkenly ) as you pass through this yellow portal I be sure you notice on you right a small plaster figure , and assume this transfix effigy to be the work of a master sculptor . indeed , so it be . and that bright , new creator be in we midst . he 's none other than walter paisley , we very own bus boy , whose undiscovered hand of genius have be carry away you empty cup of frustration ! people look at walter , who sheepishly accept the praise - maxwell remember he . his be the silent voice of creation . within the dark rich soil of humility , he blossom as the hope of we nearly sterile time . Charlie and carla clap - maxwell ( to walter ) bring I a gimlet . maxwell sit back down - walter pass a table where cuff , link and mayolia be sit - cuff stop he - cuff hey congrat on the cat walter . I wonder where you get the idea of dead animal . walter huh ? link yeah , can you say plagiarism ? cuff not only that , he copy we ! mayolia oh nonsense ! you work hit the viewer over the head . they be so ... obvious . mayolia then look up at walter - mayolia I get it walter . I get it . walter what do you get ? mayolia you work , the layer of irony . just then several people approach walter and begin ask he question - Art watch the commotion - Leonard also watch the commotion with a completely dumbfounded expression on he face - Art dealer talk to walter , as well as artist - just then Lou walk in , stand next to Art - lou what the hell 's go on ? art everyone want to meet the bus boy . lou what do he do ? art he make a cat . Lou look at Art , who return the stare - art outta plaster . Lou walk in - lou see you later - art righto . Art leave - Leonard look at walter - walter uncomfortably enjoy the attention - just then the old couple chime in - the older man look around - older man where 's my mocha latte double grande ! Leonard drop he cigarette and crush it with he foot - he head over to walter and escort he away from the people - walter accept someone 's business card - Leonard take he aside - walter do you hear that Mr. De santis ? everyone 's really crazy about Dead cat . leonard yes they be , be not they ? look , why do not you take the rest of the night off , you look tired . walter well I do not know - leonard no , it 's ok ... you come in early . ( beat ) besides , you be create a incident . when people be applaud they do not order anything . walter well ... leonard look , go home and ... work on something . make another cat . walter I do not have another cat ! leonard well make a dog , make a parakeet ! I be sure you will think of something . walter a parakeet ? Leonard begin to lose he patience - he yank the tray out of walter 's hand - leonard go home . walter ok ... good night Mr. De santis ! leonard good night walter . mayolia ( o.s. ) wait - walter ! walter begin to head out the door but be stop by mayolia - walter turn around and face she - she get close - walter hello mayolia . mayolia walter , you do something to I with you work tonight . walter with Dead cat ? mayolia with Dead cat . like a breath of fresh air . I could just - babble on about it for hour . walter really ? mayolia give he " that " look - mayolia yeah . I really could . I be not just say that . mayolia get closer make she heaving cleavage more accessible to walter 's eye - mayolia it 's like ... you have turn on . walter t-turn on ? mayolia a hot light bulb be burn inside of you . ( beat ) I want to be warm by it . walter that 's really nice of you mayolia . mayolia let I into you world walter ... let I into that white hot inspire world . walter I can not . I gotta go home . mayolia press herself against walter , who awkwardly react - mayolia well , I will go home with you . walter oh no , I could not do that . Mrs. swicker would start ask question . she 's my landlady . Art sit at a table , watch the encounter - mayolia ( o.s. ) be not there anything I can do for you ? mayolia reach out and touch walter - walter I do not think so mayolia . mayolia I want to be part of it , I want to inspire you , I want to do - something ! walter you do not have to do anything ! mayolia ( beat ) then let I give you something then ... walter watch , perplex , as mayolia reach into she cleavage - Lou watch the transaction carefully - mayolia take out a cameo necklace , take it off she neck - mayolia maybe this will give you some inspiration , change you perception of reality ... mayolia look around , and hand the necklace to walter - mayolia I want you to have it . there 's a little something for you in here ... walter gee . thanks . mayolia let it inspire you . maybe it will let you think of I . she wrap walter 's hand around the necklace - mayolia if you have to go , go . walter back out - mayolia go and do not look back . walter leave - Lou wait for a beat , then get up - ext jabberjaw - night walter leave the club , pass some income people - when he leave , Lou exit the club - he head over to the payphone and pick up the receiver , about to make a call - suddenly , he change he mind - he hang the receiver up , and decide instead to follow walter - int walter' room - night walter close the door and turn on the overhead lamp - he look at the medallion mayolia give he and place it on the table - he then pick it up again , inspect it - he notice the medallion have a clasp - ext walter' window - night Lou be outside , watch walter - he then check he .45 handgun and stuff it back in he shoulder holster under he jacket - int walter' room - night walter notice the medallion have a clasp - he pop it open and notice a twisted - off corner of a plastic bag contain a white powder inside - he open the bag and smell the powder , no know what it be - he dab he finger in it and put it on he tongue , grimacing at the taste of the substance - he put the open medallion down on the kitchen table - ext walter' window - night Lou head off - int walter' room - night walter head over to the dresser , look at himself in the mirror - walter why yes , that be one of my piece ... it 's one , in a series ... walter then pick up the picture of carla , look at it for a beat - walter and I love you too carla ... walter sigh , then head over to he cabinet , open they up - a box of pancake mix be the only item - walter take out the box and grab a round , sharp - edge griddle out of the lower cabinet - soon the door knock - walter walk over to the door carry the griddle - he open the door - Lou be stand there - lou hello , walter . walter hi . I know you ! I have see you down at the jabberjaw plenty . lou yes , you have . ( beat ) can I come in ? walter uh , sure . walter close the door behind he - walter I be go to make some pancake , you can have some if you like . lou hm . walter do you see my cat ? lou yeah I do . Lou head over to the table , see the medallion - lou I also see the girl give you this . walter oh yeah that be mayolia , she 's a nice girl . ( beat ) she 's kind of strange , though . walter watch Lou take a dab of the white powdery content and put it on he tongue - lou you like chase the dragon , walter ? walter Chasing the dragon ? whaddya mean ? ( beat ) you sure you do not want a pancake ? lou you can cut the crap . Lou whip out he badge - walter look at the badge , then at Lou - lou Police officer . walter you be like a undercover guy ! lou you be in some deep shit pal , whether you know it or not . walter huh ?!!! lou possession of narcotic be not something we take lightly , you understand ? Lou take a few step closer and walter take a few step back - lou but I get a feel you be gonna cooperate with I . yessir , I think you and I be gonna be real good friend . ( beat ) why do not you tell I about you connection . walter C -connection ? lou I be not look to pinch you ! I do not care about you , or the girl . ( beat ) but you want to save you ass , you better start tell I what I want to hear . now ! walter telling you what ? lou who 's the head honcho ! who 's provide the smack connection ! walter smack ? lou ( roll he eye ) goddammit , where be you from , Mars ? walter Alaska ! what the heck 's wrong with it ! lou have not you ever hear of smack ! horse ! junk ! heroin ! walter ( enthusiastically ) be that what that be ? I never see any before . I always think that stuff be expensive ! lou oh , yeah . it can get real expensive . walter be not that nice of mayolia to give I some expensive smack . walter head over to the stove - Lou stop he , turn he around - lou ( angry ) who do think you be deal with , huh ? I be willing to cut you a break , chief ! walter ( totally confuse ) you be ? lou good ol ' mild mannered walter ! give it up . it do not fly with I . Lou step up to walter who cringe behind he griddle - walter I - do not know what you be talk about ! lou you be come downtown with I , walter . you be gonna come clean with I , you be gonna name name or I swear to God I will see to it personally you rot in a cell upstate ! be we understanding each other ? walter ( panicked ) wait a minute ! what would I do ? lou I get you cold , pal . make it easy for yourself , use you head . walter I do not do nothing wrong ! that be mayolia 's ! I do not ask she for it . I do not know about any - lou yeah yeah yeah - look ! I have hear this song and dance before , save you breath , you be come with I ! Lou go to turn walter against the wall but walter spring back - walter wait a minute - I tell you I do not do nothing wrong ! lou do not give I a hard time walter ! you do not want to get I mad ! you be come with I ! walter I be not go no place with you ! Lou then grab he .45 from behind he and aim it at walter - lou turn around ! walter panic and begin to freak out - walter you be gonna shoot I ! lou turn around ! Lou lunge for walter 's arm to turn he around but he stagger back - lou what be ya , deaf ? turn around ! walter no ! no don't shoot I I don't want to get shot ! lou relax ! walter you're gonna shoot I ! lou walter shut up and relax ! walter no you're gonna shoot I don't shoot - Lou spring for walter - whammm ! walter sink the griddle into Lou 's skull - Lou grunt and crash to the floor - walter cringe back in terror - as he step back we see the bloody edge of the griddle - walter stagger back , witness what he have do - soon there be a knocking on he door - mrs . swicker ( o.s. ) walter ! at first walter be too shocked to hear the knock , but soon he do , and a horrible realization form in he mind - ext courtyard - night Mrs. swicker knock on the door , listen intently - mrs . swicker walter ! she knock again - mrs . swicker walter be you alright ? I think I hear some shouting a minute ago ! Mrs. swicker wait for a beat - soon she hear banging and clanging through the door - mrs . swicker walter ! the bang and clanging continue - Mrs. swicker knock again - the bang reach comical proportion - mrs . swicker walter open this door - the clanging continue - Mrs. swicker jiggle the door handle - the door open - int walter' room - night Mrs. swicker walk in and walter hide the bloody griddle in the nick of time , staggering back - mrs . swicker what 's all the noise in here ! walter noise Mrs. swicker ? what noise ? Mrs. swicker close the door behind she - mrs . swicker do not tell I I do not hear a racket ! I be a older woman and I do not need to be upset and disturb in this manner ! walter I be just straighten up the place . mrs . swicker straighten up indeed ! be you sure you be not alone ? walter I be always alone , Mrs. swicker , you know that . Mrs. swicker begin to snoop around the place - mrs . swicker walter have you be talk to yourself again ? walter ( wring he hand ) well yes I guess I have be Mrs. swicker . somebody 's get to . Mrs. swicker continue to snoop around - she then turn and look at walter - mrs . swicker ( exasperate ) walter , you know what you need be a girl ! Mrs. swicker continue to inspect the place , with walter follow close behind she - mrs . swicker she do not have to be pretty ... just as long as she take good care of you ... walter uh , I can take real good care of myself , Mrs. swicker ! Mrs. swicker continue to look around the cluttere room - mrs . swicker yeah I can see that ! look at this place ! at that moment Lou 's bloody arm drop into view in the background , have be stuff in a crawl space above the sink - mrs . swicker it 's terrible ! why do not you ever clean it up ! walter notice the arm as Mrs. swicker direct she attention in the opposite direction , grab a sheet - mrs . swicker and when do you change this sheet last ! it look like they be alive ! walter panic , and gently lead Mrs. swicker to the door - walter uh , Mrs. swicker I get to meet some friend later , and I have to take a shower ! mrs . swicker well why do not you clean up this dump ! Mrs. swicker resist as walter open the door and push she out - walter I will - good night Mrs. swicker ! mrs . swicker what 's the matter with you ! walter shove she out the door and close it behind he - press he back against the door he look ahead - blood begin to trickle down Lou 's arm - walter approach the bloody arm , catch in a total panic - blood begin to drop on the floor - walter look around frantically , and find a big metal pot - he place it under the drip blood , lowering it to the ground - he then step back , listen to the rhythmic trickle of blood hit the pot - walter stagger back , grab a sponge - he head over to a puddle of smear blood on the floor - he get on he knee and begin to wipe up the blood - walter ( cry ) I do not mean to hurt you , sir ... if you have shot I , you would be mop up my blood now ... walter continue to mop up the stain - walter I could not help it if I get scared . I do not mean it ! walter stop to listen to the trickle blood - something dawns on he - walter it 's crazy ... it 's crazy ... ( beat ) I do not think I have it in I ... how would ya do it , walter ... walter get up , face Lou 's off camera corpse and address it - walter he say go home and make something walter ! make another cat ... walter look down at the pot fill with blood - walter but I tell he I do not have another cat ... walter then get a idea , and look up toward Lou 's body - walter 's expression change , from one of panic to one of new inspiration - ext payphone - day Art be on the phone - art no , nobody seem to know where he go ... ( beat ) why do not you put a a.p.b. out and I will check on it from here ... ( beat ) right ... ok , bye . Art hang up the phone - dissolve to int jabberjaw - day Leonard enter and close the door - he begin lift shade and get the place ready to open - he head over to the alcove , something catch he eye - it be the Dead cat sculpture - Leonard stop to look at it , laugh faintly to himself - he then pick it up and inspect it , shaking he head - he put it back , positioning it just so - as he turn he back the cat lean forward and crash to the ground - Leonard turn around and see what happen - he pick it up and examine it - there be a fracture in the plaster - Leonard run he finger over it - close on Leonard 's face he notice something - as Leonard trace he finger over the fracture , he discover some cat hair protrude from the sculpture - taken aback by the discovery , Leonard put the sculpture down - he then poke it , almost as if he expect a response - Leonard slowly break into a know smile - dissolve to ext street - night a montage of police patrol car drive down various street - radio operator ( v.o. ) ... officer Louis larue ... age 29 , five foot eleven , caucasian , black hair , last see wear jeans and a dark jacket ... dissolve to int jabberjaw - night the joint be jump as the audience listen to a musician play assort garbage from the scrap yard - several patron examine the Dead cat sculpture - cuff and link sit at a table notice the commotion wit contempt - cuff look at that , man . Big deal . link I know . cuff I mean it 's like , you know , I do my art because that 's what I be , you know ? I be a artist . I be not like a banker , you know . like I create . link I know , man . cuff but it bug I when someone rip off we idea , we concept , and people freak out about it , you know , and tell we ours stink ! link I know , man . cuff I mean , screw they , you know ? I be just gonna go right on create ' cause it come from here - ( pound chest ) you know ? link I know , man . just then Art enter the club - cuff and link see he come in - walter buss a adjacent table - cuff and , man who be this dude ? he 's like always case the joint . a shady - look couple behind cuff and link notice Art also , and decide to hastily leave - link I wonder what he deal be . cuff I think he 's look for you , man ... it 's all finally catch up with you ! link see walter - link no I think they be look for walter , ' cause he 's want for steal - walter leave with the tray pretend not to have hear the comment - he nevertheless crash into a Leonard , spilling the content of the tray - cuff jeez , take it easy walter ! walter crouch and pick up the item - Leonard look down at he with disdain - walter then stand up - walter sorry about that Mr. De santis ! Leonard say nothing for a beat - leonard that 's alright walter ... Leonard then gesture to a table - leonard put the tray down ... have a seat . the comment take walter by surprise - walter h- have a seat ? leonard have a seat - cuff and link watch as walter sit down - walter I think I be not suppose to sit with the customer ... leonard now why should not you , walter ? thing be different now ... walter they be ? Leonard sit down , face he - he light a cigarette - leonard of course they be , walter . carla then make she way toward they table - leonard you have arrive . you have be recognize . you be a talent , a creative force to be reckone with . carla Leonard , what be you do ? Leonard and walter notice carla - walter hiya carla . leonard what be I do ? I be just tell walter the truth . carla sit down and listen - leonard a man come in here and want to pay I fifty dollar for the cat . in fact , he take it home to show to he wife , in case you be wonder where it be . carla look at walter - leonard you know what that prove ? walter what , Mr. De santis ? leonard it prove I have underestimate walter 's ability . his work have hit a nerve in the collective Zeitgeist of the art community . it have enormous realism - you can hardly tell it from the real thing ! link sound like he 's busting you chop , walter . carla be you try to be funny ? leonard I be totally serious ! Leonard get close to walter - put he hand on he shoulder - leonard the question be what be you go to make next , walter ? do you make that dog yet , or that parakeet ? ( beat ) how about make something out of the cockroach in you room ? walter i- I already get a new one ! carla great ! what be it ? walter it 's a ... full length life-size figure ! carla what 's it call ? walter ( beat ) murdered man . Leonard take he hand off walter 's shoulder - leonard murdered ...man ?... carla when do we get to see it ? walter well ... any time , I guess . link ( sarcastically ) man that 's a trippy name , kinda like the Warhol mayhem series ... cuff I see a statue once call the third time Phyllis saw I she exploded . link now what kind of statue be that ? cuff I do not know it be make out of driftwood and dip in sulfuric acid . it be out there ... leonard well ... why murder man ? walter I do not know , it just happen , I guess . ( beat ) I do not mean to . leonard you do not mean to what ? walter well , I mean it could have be something else , but it just work out that way . carla it 's call spontaneity , Leonard . get with the program . walter yeah it be all just a accident . Leonard have suddenly become pale - he get up - carla be you alright ? leonard yes ... I be uh ... I be fine . link you do not look so hot ... cuff you must have have some of the food - cuff drop a chunk of whole wheat bread onto he plate - Leonard compose himself - leonard Excuse I ... Leonard head off - carla I think he really be sick ... link so who be not around here ? Leonard head over to the other end of the club - a plump man enter the club , look around - he spot Leonard , and make he way toward he - Leonard take a deep breath - the plump man approach - plump man I try to contact you by phone but I could not ... leonard Excuse I I have to make a call ... Leonard pick up the phone and dial a number - plump man I want that cat . I will pay you one thousand dollar - cash . leonard ( on the phone ) I be try to reach Lieutenant beldere ... plump man what offer have you get for it ? I will not be out - bid . I be a wealthy man and I do not mind pay for something I want . leonard I can not talk right now . plump man what do you want for it ? two thousand ? Three thousand ? leonard no ...look I be busy ... plump man listen to I ... I do not want to lose this piece - leonard ( on the phone ) I be hold for Lieutenant beldere ! plump man listen to I , listen to I ... I have be collect art piece all over the world for year and let I tell you something . this newcomer walter paisley have it , whatever it be , the X factor , that indefinable quality that separate the great from the hack , and I want that cat in my hand . be you listen to I ? leonard can not you see I be busy here ? the plump man reach inside he jacket - plump man alright you want to play hard ... to insure I get that cat I will give you five thousand dollar - cash , right here , right now ... the plump man pull a envelope out of he jacket - this get Leonard 's attention - plump two thousand for the cat , and a first look at the kid 's next stuff . Leonard look at the plump man - voice on phone ( v.o. ) Lieutenant beldere . Leonard hang up and face the plump man - leonard someone have the cat just now but I will have he back in a few day . ( beat ) and you can have it for five thousand dollar . the plump man break into a smile , pat Leonard on the arm and shake he hand - plump man alright ... thank you sir , I consider it a bargain . the plump man give Leonard he card , and head out - plump man call I when you be ready ... good night . Leonard watch he leave - Leonard take a deep breath as carla approach he - carla be you feel better Leonard ? Leonard look at she - leonard yeah , I be feel a lot better . carla listen , I be go over to walter 's after the place close . I want to get a look at murdered man . do you want to come along ? Leonard look at she for a beat , then nod - onstage , the industrial musician finish up he song , and the crowd applaud - dissolve to int walter be room - night the door open and walter walk in , follow by carla and Leonard - walter turn on the overhead lamp - int the center of the room be a tall object cover by a sheet - Leonard close the door behind he - carla look at the object - carla look at the size of it ! walter it 's not really that big I get it on kind of a stand ... carla let 's see it . walter uh , well , I be a little nervous , I never do a person before . carla you can do anything you want if you set you mind to it . Leonard lean back against the door and swallow - leonard it 's hot in here ... walter you want I to open a window or something ? carla come on walter , take off the sheet . walter oblige , pull down the sheet to reveal he creation - it be lou , stand upright and look down at the three spectator - he skull be cleave right down the middle from the top of he head to the bridge of he nose - Leonard and carla stare in dumbstruck silence - walter look at they expression , clutching the sheet - walter do not you like it ? carla continue to stare for a beat - carla like it ? ( beat ) it 's a masterpiece . I have never see anything like it before ... and I hope I never see anything like it again . walter smile and look at he creation - walter I too . leonard I have to sit down . carla walk around the statue - carla take it in ... in it 's eloquence ... modern man in all he ... self pity ... Leonard drop down onto a hardwood chair - carla how do you ever find it all in yourself , walter ? walter it be not easy . carla look back at Leonard , who have a ashen look on he face - carla what 's the matter with you ? leonard nothing ... nothing at all . carla I have never see anyone so ... squeamish . ( beat ) well , what 's you opinion , Leonard ? leonard do not ask . carla oh come on ! even you can see its value . the head stare back at the two - carla do you think you or I could have conceive of such a thing , much less have execute it ? Leonard say nothing - carla well then admit it , it 's a work of genius . leonard I admit it . walter head over to Leonard - walter we can bring it down to the jabberjaw . Leonard get up - leonard no . why do not you cover it up walter ... carla why not ? leonard why do not you cover it up , walter ! walter throw the sheet back over the sculpture - carla what 's wrong with you , why do you want to hide it ? leonard well , I have be think ... ( beat ) I do not realize how much ... talent walter actually have . it would be wrong for we to show they one at a time . ( beat ) Dead wrong . carla you be right . we should build a collection first . Leonard back up , look at the two of they - leonard that 's it ... that 's the idea ! maybe when it 's big enough we can have a show ! walter rush over to Leonard - walter a show ?! like this Sunday ? leonard n- no ! not exactly , I mean you take year and year ... Leonard look at the sculpture , compose himself - leonard it will take year to make that many statue . ( beat ) but you work would be feature . carla that 's the idea , walter . it 's the only way to gain recognition . all the big art critic and art dealer would be there , it would be a event . leonard yeah then you could unload - sell this stuff for a lot more . walter a show .. how soon can we go ? leonard this thing take time walter ... but for now you have get to break out of this one ... avenue you be on ... Leonard head over to carla - leonard carla and I will guide you , help develop and evolve you work ... maybe lead you toward something more abstract ... carla abstract ? with he talent for realism ? leonard you see the direction he realism take ! it 's unhealthy ! walter look you say I be a genius ! if I be a genius I do not want to be a bus boy anymore ! leonard well maybe you have a point there , you should not keep work at the jabberjaw . look ... Leonard dig into he pocket and peel off two hundre fifty dollar - leonard now look - Dead cat 's money in the bank , I be sure that man 's go to buy it , so here 's you half in advance - twenty five dollar . Leonard hand the money to a ecstatic walter - leonard and if you need more , I have get it , do not worry . ( beat ) I have faith in you walter . walter head over to carla hold up the money and smile like a simpleton - walter gee .. twenty five dollar for something I make ! carla now you be a professional ! Leonard head over to the door and open it - leonard let 's go ! carla give a look of attraction to walter and head toward the door - carla good night , walter . and keep up the good work . walter smile at she as Leonard gently take she arm - leonard but do not burn yourself out , walter . you have get all the time in the world . ( beat ) let 's go ! Leonard pull carla into the courtyard - walter head over to the door - walter good night . walter close the door and gaze at the money again - he be truly thrilled , and begin to jump around the room , hooting and hollering - ext courtyard - night Mrs. swicker walk by walter 's door , overhear he carry on - int walter' room - night Mrs. swicker open the door watch walter jump around - mrs . swicker what 's go on ! walter spin around and stop jump - he run over to Mrs. swicker hold the money - walter I be a artist Mrs. swicker ! a professional artist ! walter yank the sheet off the statue - Mrs. swicker stare at the apparition , look as if she 's about to lose she lunch - she gently back up into the hall - mrs . swicker good night ... Mrs. swicker close the door abruptly - walter turn around , and gleefully continue to stare at the money - dissolve to int jabberjaw - night another busy night at the club - a dj spin a hybrid assortment of record result in a most irritate sound - Leonard sit close to carla , smoking , as she nurse a glass of wine - Art arrive again , look around the room - he pass maxwell , who sit at a table with mayolia , Charlie , and a attractive blond girl - once again , maxwell be somewhat intoxicate - maxwell one of the great advantage to modern poetry be the overload of sensation from which to draw , everywhere in we minute life , we tv 's and we information traffic jam ! the goal be to filter that sensation to articulate we awareness ! and I be proud to say my poetry be understand only by that small minority which be ... aware ! attractive girl aware of what ? mayolia not of anything stupid ! just aware ! Art pass cuff and link , sit at a table smoking cigarettes - cuff there 's that weird dude again . link man if this place do not cool out I be gonna hang out somewhere else ... the singer continue to sing he song - link then see something - link get a load of this - then walter walk through the front door - he look have change considerably - he 's dress like a eccentric artist , wear unusual clothes , and look somewhat ridiculous - he stride into the club - people notice he and greet he as he nod to various people - a couple point , and talk about he - he pass Leonard and carla - Leonard do a double - take - carla hi walter . walter carla ... walter sit down at a table next to Leonard and carla - a waiter approach - walter I will have a taft 's - sorrel mineral water , a piece of papaya cheese cake , and , and a grande cappuccino . walter light up a small cigar , look at carla confidently - a piece of tobacco get stick on he lip , which he have to spit off - maxwell approach walter 's table and extend he hand - maxwell walter . walter shake he hand - walter maxwell . maxwell I see the reward of achievement have come you way . maxwell sit down - walter well I be start to have some success now , with my piece ... cuff and link witness the encounter - cuff man look at that get up ! link look like that cat pay off in spade . cuff let 's check out the scene . cuff get up - link I be with you . Leonard stand and address maxwell and walter - leonard I be just suggest to walter that he experiment with more abstract theme . maxwell look at Leonard with contempt - maxwell why do you suggest anything to walter ? be you the spokesman for society come to poke you stifling finger in he eye ! cuff and link show up - cuff and a hearty good evening to ya ! cuff and link sit down , flanking maxwell , who shift and look at the two of they - Leonard sit back down with carla - maxwell oh now who invite this two , down from the cloud ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) maxwell ! maxwell turn - we see the shrill voice belong to alice , a well - develop blonde in a tight sweater , who make she way toward the table - maxwell clear the table and bring I a bowl , I may be sick ! Alice approach the table - cuff it 's Alice Ziobro , here to spread a little cheer - Alice look at maxwell - alice do you like my haircut ? maxwell it 's enchant . Alice take a seat near cuff and link - carla where have you be , Alice ? alice ( smugly ) I be up in Seattle work on a video . link oh yeah ? for who ? alice Petroleum function . link no way ! alice yeah it 's for they new CD . Alice then turn she attention to walter - alice ( disdainfully ) do not you work here ? walter not anymore ! maxwell that 's right , walter have sell he first sculpture . Alice be unimpress by the news - alice oh. really . cuff get close to Alice - cuff this guy 's a clown and he rip off we concept . alice oh yeah ? cuff now he 's try to act cool about it . ( beat ) someone need to pop he bubble . alice what be you think ? cuff whisper to Alice , and the two of they start laugh - maxwell and what project loom on the horizon , walter ? walter uh , I do not know . Alice face walter - alice I do life modeling , you know . walter look at Alice - alice would you like to do I ? walter I just might . alice I would be glad to help . ( beat ) for $ 50 a hour . cuff and link crack up - leonard never mind that . walter 's go to try something abstract . maxwell there you go again ! I may take my business to the snake pit ! carla as a matter of fact I be go to suggest to walter that he try a female figure . it would be a departure from the mayhem / death theme . you really should , walter . carla look at he - carla if you like , I will be you model , for free . walter look at she - walter I could not . not you . Leonard get closer to carla - leonard ( suggestively ) would you pose for I for free ? carla well , it all depend , Leonard ... walter see this and be flushed with jealousy - cuff man if you want to be a legit artist you have to do nude , nude , nude ... link right . ai not no body of work complete without some ... nude - this be about all maxwell can take - cuff cackle like a buffoon - maxwell get this philistine out of here ! alice oh let 's change the subject I be sick of hearing about sculpture ! no one know how to do that anymore , especially the bus boy from the jabberjaw ... walter who do you think you be talk about !! Alice laugh condescendingly - alice look at you ! who do think you be . you be just a poser try , and fail , to fit into the scene ! maxwell strong word ... ( under he breath ) ... for such a simple mind . alice I think this bit about he be this discover sculptor be a bunch of baloney and a cry for help . walter that 's not true I be a sculptor ! alice oh yeah ? Alice pick up a piece of cake - alice prove it ! make something out of this ! walter smushes the cake onto Alice 's palm - walter there ! flat cake ! maxwell bellows with laughter - Alice wipe off she hand - alice if you be a artist you could have create something ! walter I be go home ! walter get up and leave - carla turn and raise she glass to Alice , smile - carla Alice ? ( smile fade ) you be a bitch . dejected , walter make he way out of the club , storming past mayolia - mayolia watch walter leave - dissolve to ext jabberjaw - night Alice make she way out the door - head down the step and walk off - then out of the shadow we see walter , who have be wait for she to leave - when the coast be clear , he begin to follow she ... ext bungalow - night Alice enter the courtyard - she walk over to the front door of she bungalow , enter , and close the door behind she - just then walter stealthily enter the courtyard - he approach Alice 's door , wait a beat , then gently knock - Alice open the door and look at walter - alice what be you do here ? walter I want to apologize for be nasty to you this evening . Alice be unimpress - alice so you apologize ! good night ! Alice slam the door right in walter 's face - walter take a few step back - he clenches he jaw then bang on the door - Alice rip the door open - alice listen schmuck , why do not you get out of here and let I go to bed ! walter I do not finish talk to you ! alice well I be do talk to you , what do I have to do , draw you a diagram ! walter I decide to make a female figure after all ! ( beat ) I want you to pose for it . Alice look he up and down for a beat , change she tone - alice ( sarcastic ) well I be touch . ( beat ) you be serious , be not you ? walter yes . fifty dollar a hour , right ? alice yeah . Alice laugh , and stare at walter for a beat - alice well , if you have get the money , I do not mind pose . ( beat ) when do you want to start work ? walter look up at she sheepishly - walter tonight . alice what , right now ? walter uh-huh . Alice look he up and down again - alice hold on ... I will get my coat . dissolve to ext courtyard - night walter and Alice head over to he front door - alice it 's kind of dark - walter shh ! Alice shut up and the two of they quietly head into he room , close the door - just then Mrs. swicker open she door down the hall , poke she head out - int walter' room - night Alice begin to undress - alice you could use a little more heat in this place - walter drag a big bag of plaster out of a closet - he drag it to a new addition in the room , a large trough - walter it 's bad for the clay . you will get use to it ... walter then prop up a chair - alice I be almost ready - walter sit in this chair , and I will pose you . walter head over to the lump of clay on the table - Alice sit down , back to camera , totally nude - alice do you like what you see ? walter do a double take , and swallow hard at the voluptuous figure before he - walter yes . ( beat ) just stay like that . walter nervously knead the clay - alice that do not look like very much clay . walter oh it 's enough ... alice be you nervous , walter ? walter n-no ... Alice sexily shift in she seat - alice not even a little bit ? walter I already tell you I be not . alice when 's the last time you have a totally nude girl in you room ... walter ( swallow ) um ... alice without a stitch of clothing on , sit and face you ... walter fumble with the clay - alice a girl with a body like mine ? walter you be break my concentration ! Alice laugh - alice walter can I ask you something ? walter what ! alice be you a virgin ? walter stand up - walter for cryin ' out loud what do that have to do with anything ! alice it 's just a innocent question . ( beat ) besides I just want to clarify you intention . walter whaddya mean ? alice well I just want to make sure you know , fully and completely , that you be never gonna get any from I , at least in this lifetime . this comment sting walter - he clenches he jaw , and get up - walter look - ( beat ) this pose be all wrong ! alice I will pose any way you want . walter then grab up a scarf , and approach Alice - walter then hand the scarf to Alice - walter I want you to put this around you neck ... Alice take the scarf and place it around she neck - walter just like that ... that 's right . walter then step behind Alice , grab the end of the scarf gently - then suddenly walter pull the end hard , choke Alice - Alice clutches the scarf and struggle , panic and gasp for air - walter tug at the scarf with all he might - Alice kick and try to free herself , to no avail - walter continue to strangle she , clenching he jaw - int carla' apartment - day carla , maxwell , cuff , link , and another girl sit around the live room - carla hand maxwell a plate - maxwell inspect the plate - carla here you go , enjoy . maxwell I hope this be make with egg white ! carla it be . maxwell what 's this sauce ! I be lactose intolerant . carla do not worry it 's a non-dairy sauce make from soy milk . maxwell hm . maxwell take a bite - someone knock at the door and cuff go to answer it - cuff answer the door - cuff hey it 's mister perjury ! in walk walter , who notice everyone there - walter hi. maxwell good morning walter ! walter approach carla , a little deject he be not invite - walter hi carla . ( beat ) what 's go on ? carla this guy come by to help I try out some of my new organic recipe . walter oh ... maxwell wheat germ omelette , guava nectar and garbanzo sprinkle with smoke yeast . join we ? walter no thanks . sound good though . maxwell suit yourself . carla what 's up , walter ? walter I come over to see you . ( beat ) I bring something ... I want to show you . carla oh yeah ? walter yeah . can some of you guy help I ? maxwell put down he plate - carla be it murder man ? walter better ! carla get up - carla come on ! maxwell clap he hand twice , not get up - maxwell all hand ! cuff and link follow carla - dissolve to int carla' apartment - day walter , cuff , and link carry a object cover by a sheet - maxwell watch - link man this be heavy ! cuff yeah what 's this , murdered elephant ? maxwell put it in the middle of the room ! carla when do you make this , walter ? walter uh , last night . it do not take I very long . the man put the object down , out of breath - cuff well let 's see it , man ! walter undoe a string and lift off the sheet to reveal - alice , naked and seat in a chair , clutching at a scarf around she throat - everyone stare at it in awe - carla walter ... I can not believe it . maxwell I be honore to know this man . walter so you think it 's nice ? link man , she 's beautiful . walter ( to carla ) you think she 's better than murdered man ? carla well I can not say that walter ! she 's incomparable . they be both great . maxwell I be ... move . I be move to write about this ! ( beat ) tonight , at the jabberjaw , I will recite a new poem , and we will celebrate in you honor ! maxwell put he hand on walter ' shoulder - carla then kiss walter , a peck on the lip - walter be flabbergasted - int jabberjaw - night a loud band wrap up a song , and the singer crash into the drum set - people applaud - walter sit in a big wooden chair with a paper crown on he head and a paper STAR on he lapel , look a little tipsy - in one hand be a goblet , in the other a plunger - Art and a new undercover cop stand at the entrance of the club - art alright , let 's split up and keep a low profile . you hear anything , you let I know . the undercover cop nod , and head off - art I be go to get to the bottom of this ... carla approach walter with a bottle of champagne - carla more champagne , you majesty ? walter here here ... carla pour some into the goblet - carla where where ... walter there there ... the goblet overflow - walter that 's good ... carla sit down next to walter on the edge of the stage - walter lean over to she with a drunken smile on he face - walter May I please have another little kiss ? carla walter ! jeez ! walter ( smile fade ) sorry ... carla laugh - walter smile again and carla put she head against he arm - Leonard survey the crowd from another part of the room - maxwell then head to the stage where walter be sit and raise he hand - scatter applause erupt - maxwell order ! order ! the crowd quiet down as maxwell put he hand on walter 's shoulder - maxwell walter ... ( booming voice ) the bird that fly now pay later through the nose of ambidextrous apathy - walter strain to understand - maxwell necrophile may dance upon the placemat in a orgy of togetherness - walter look around the room as maxwell gather steam - maxwell the highway of life cut sharply through the shady ghettos and the ivy -cover tomb , and laughter rain from every capsule in the star-spangled firmament - cuff , link , and mayolia listen from a adjacent table - maxwell ( o.s. ) and in the deep freeze it be the child 's hour - maxwell punch hole in the air with he finger - maxwell and no one know that Duncan be murder and no one know that walter paisley be bear - maxwell slap he hand on walter 's shoulder , spilling some of walter 's champagne - walter smile and look at maxwell through he drunken haze - maxwell ( get louder ) Duncan know ... Tuesday sunrise know ... alley cat and garbage can and satellite dish , and you and I , and the nude descend the staircase , and all such thing with soul , we shall hear that walter paisley be bear ! walter look at maxwell with a half -smile , completely lose - maxwell ( loud ) Ring rubber bell ! beat cotton gong ! Strike silken cymbal ! play leather flute - Leonard listen with a blank expression on he face - Art slouches at a table and look at maxwell like he 's a jerk - he shift , unable to take much more of this - maxwell ( o.s. ) the cat and can and you and I and all such thing with soul , we shall hear that walter paisley be bear ! maxwell raise he clench fist - maxwell and the soul become flesh - walter paisley be bear ! maxwell stand back - people applaud , and maxwell bow he head and leave the stage - cuff clap enthusiastically - link slouches behind he , half - clap - mayolia seem too move to clap - cuff that be cool , man , that be cool . mayolia that be the great rap I ever hear ! cuff it send I . cuff then turn to link - cuff what do he say ? link do not you hear he ? cuff no man I be on my own plane . walter sit onstage by himself , still hold he plunger - maxwell sit down at a table with Charlie and two attractive girl - charlie maxwell that be magnificent . maxwell slug back the rest of he champagne - 1st pretty girl you be really ... eloquent . maxwell clunk the glass on the table - maxwell walter deserve every word of it ! 1st pretty girl make I so glad I be aware . maxwell put he hand over the girl 's hand - carla approach walter , who reel a bit in the chair - he have a sad look on he face - walter do you hear what he say ? carla yes walter . walter all about I ... carla nod and smile - walter it 's true , be not it ? carla every word ... walter slowly smile - dissolve to int jabberjaw - night the crowd have thin out , people be leave - walter polish off the dregs of a bottle of champagne as Leonard watch he - leonard you better hold off on the bubbly . walter yeah , why ? leonard you might talk too much . walter yeah and what would I say ? maxwell ( o.s. ) be you two grinder ignore we ? walter stagger over toward maxwell , who be sit with carla , Charlie , and the two attractive girl - walter oh not I maxwell , I would not ignore you . he put he hand on maxwell 's shoulder - walter I know what it be to be ignore . carla tell we what you be go to make next , walter . walter ( reeling ) I be gonna make the most wildest wittiest thing you ever see ... gonna make big statue and li'l statue , tall statue and short statue ... walter take he crown off - walter I be gonna make statue of nobody and statue of famous people , statue of actor - ( look at maxwell ) and poet ... and people who sell thing on television ... and a statue of the mayor , and some rock singer and they instrument friend ... the group listen to walter - walter a ' everyone will say walter let I shake you hand ... it 's a real pleasure to have know you ... maxwell ( applaud ) here here ! the group clap - Leonard watch in the background as walter polish off he glass - dissolve to ext STREET - night walter stagger down the street - walter alley cat and garbage can ... they know that walter paisley be bear ... walter remove the star from he lapel and continue to stagger down the street - walter Ring rubber bell , beat cotton gong , strike silken cymbal ... walter turn the corner - walter tell we what you be gonna do next walter ... walter bounce against a wall - walter ( loud ) I be gonna make big statue and little statue , movie star and poet , and people who sell thing on television , and the mayor , and some rock singer ... walter stop walk and lean he hand against the wall - walter ( beat ) what be you gonna do next , walter ? walter all of a sudden get a sad look on he face - walter what be I gonna do next ... what be I gonna do next ... walter look like he 's about to cry - walter I gotta do something before they forget I ... I know what it 's like to be ignore ... walter think , then head off , down the alley - ext lumber yard - night close on a table see - a carpenter pull the see over a piece of wood , then turn it off - he pick up the wood and inspect the cut - he then turn around , only to be startle by walter - carpenter who be you ? whaddya want ? walter ( slur ) life be nothing but a homeless guy on th ' bus of art ... carpenter huh ? walter get right in the carpenter 's face - walter ( slur ) what be not creation be rice cake ... let they all crumble to feed the creator ... the carpenter stare at he for a beat , try to avoid walter 's boozy breath - carpenter beat it , ya drunk , or I will call the cop ! the carpenter turn the see back on - walter spin the man around by he shoulder - walter ( loud , slur ) all else be rice cake ! the carpenter shove walter hard - he land on he ass - carpenter get out of here , you god - damn freak or I will split you head with a two - by-four ! walter stagger to he foot and take a few step back - the carpenter give he a wary look for a beat and then continue saw - walter then pounce on the man , choke he - the carpenter try to fight back but walter be possess with a psychotic strength - walter begin to gain the upper hand force the man 's neck closer and closer to the sawblade - the carpenter see the blade , and struggle with all he might to get free - carpenter no ...no ! walter force the man 's face down on the metal - carpenter stop...no ... noooooo ! the see make a cutting noise - carpenter aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! fade out fade in ext jabberjaw - day Leonard get a paper out of a vending machine - he read the headline - " headless man found in lumberyard " Leonard read it for a beat - walter then approach , carry a box - walter hello Leonard ! beautiful morning , be not it ? leonard it be . Leonard lower the paper - he face drop - leonard what do you have in the box ? walter just wait till you see this ! walter open the box and remove the content - it be the head of the carpenter - walter shove the sculpture in Leonard 's face - Leonard drop the paper and stagger back - walter whatsamatter Leonard ? leonard ( beat ) you make ... a bust ... walter ( gleefully ) yeah be not it wonderful ? Leonard take a few step back - walter whatsamatter Leonard ? leonard put it down , walter . walter 's smile fade , and he put the head down - Leonard address he - leonard walter ... walter listen carefully . ( beat ) I do not want you to make any more statue . do you understand ? no more statue . walter ( hurt ) well why not ? I gotta make statue Leonard . you hear maxwell , they want I to make they . ( beat ) I can not go back to be a busboy ! leonard maxwell ! he 's behind all this with all he stupid blowhard poetry ! ( beat ) listen , you have get to stop right away ! I be beginning to feel responsible ! walter well , w- what do you do ? leonard never mind ... Leonard put he arm around walter - leonard walter ... I decide to have that show for you , right away . walter walk with Leonard - leonard when carla come by I will talk to she . she will make up some nice invitation . we will have they print up . walter yeah ? leonard well invite the critic , and the art collector ... we will tell they ... dissolve to int carla' apartment - night insert invitation - a fancy invitation to the jabberjaw to showcase the work of walter paisley - mayolia fix up the back of carla 's dress - cuff and link slouch in chair , and maxwell fumble with he tie , dress formally - mayolia well I do not see why we can not go ! maxwell mister Leonard De santis be afraid to have you come . you who buy he coffee , he potable , he food . you be the heart and soul and meat of the jabberjaw . ( beat ) and he slighted you ! cuff do you get a invitation ? maxwell I do not ! but I be go anyway . not to drink he champagne but to see walter 's triumph . just then walter walk through the front door , dress to the nine - maxwell after that we go no more ! walter hiya maxwell . maxwell pat walter 's arm - maxwell I will not say good luck , walter . walter why not ? maxwell it would imply you could not succeed on you ability alone ! maxwell dramatically exit - walter watch he , then head over to carla , and smile - carla you look so handsome . walter look down at he outfit - walter I do ? walter then look at carla - walter so do you . cuff and link crack up at he comment - walter I mean , you look so pretty . carla thank you . walter be you ready ? carla ready ? we have get plenty of time . walter I know . but I want to talk to you . carla look at walter for a beat - carla ok ... carla grab she coat and bag - carla we can go now if you like . walter and carla head out - carla ( to the other ) Goodbye . walter bye ! link ( dryly ) break a leg . walter and carla head out , close the door behind they - cuff man , why do you suppose walter want to get she alone ? ( beat ) you suppose he could be physically attract to she ? link no man , he be not the type . he do not get enough vitamin E. cuff maxwell give he a bottle of wheat germ oil . maybe he start take it . ext STREET - night walter and carla walk down the street - walter say nothing - carla Nice night out ... walter hm ... the two say nothing for a beat - carla well ... what do you want to talk to I about ? walter well ...w- what kind of people do you like , carla ? carla oh , I do not know . smart people . Creative people I guess . walter you think I be creative ? carla of course I do ! walter that mean you like I ! carla look at walter - carla I like you very much , walter . walter I think you do on account of you kiss I the other night ! carla see where this be go and do not like it - the two stop walk - carla well that be for you sculpture of the girl . you nude in the chair . walter carla - walter try to arrange he thought - walter I , uh , I have be alone for a long time , and I know you have be alone because you never seem to go out with anybody - walter look nervously at he hand - walter - even though Leonard 's always ask you to go out with he and I - just - carla what be you try to say ? walter gesture for carla to sit down at a nearby bench - they sit down - walter swallow appear very nervous - walter carla ... ( beat ) I do not want to make statue anymore ! carla you do not ? walter no. ( beat ) I want to get marry . ( beat ) to you . carla sense trouble - carla uh ... ( beat ) ...how long have you be think about this , walter ? walter oh ...f - for a long time . ever since you first come to the club . carla look down at the ground - walter you be the only one who be ever nice to I ! ( beat ) I do not know you love I until you kiss I . carla suddenly feel very awkward - she take a deep breath and prepare for the rejection - carla walter , I really do like you . and I do kiss you . but ... that be because of you work . walter listen intently to every word - carla there 's more to be in love than just that . carla give a sympathetic look to walter - walter do not react for a beat , as if put two and two together - walter you mean ... you do not love I ? carla look down at the ground - carla I be afraid that 's what I mean . walter begin to get very upset - walter but you gotta love I ! ( beat ) why do you think I make that statue of Alice ?! carla walter , I be sorry ... walter you just can not be sorry ! I wanna - I wanna marry you ! carla look around - carla now calm down walter ! ( beat ) now , let 's go in there , and when the show 's over , maybe we can talk about it . walter no ! I want to talk about it now ! carla walter ... ( beat ) I do not want to hurt you feeling but there be no way we be ever go to get ... together . you know what I mean ? walter why not ?! carla because ... ( beat ) we be just friend . that 's all . just friend . walter I get it . I see the whole thing now . no one know if walter paisley be bear ! carla jeez , what be you problem all of a sudden ? walter oh sure , let 's string along poor walter , see how far it will take we ! carla get up - carla you be start to freak I out , walter . I will see you there . carla head off - walter watch she leave - walter you have to love I , carla ... dissolve to int jabberjaw - night the hoi polloi of the art community mingle at the private party - on display be walter 's creation - Dead cat , murdered man , strangle girl and he bust of the carpenter 's head - people talk about the work in mute voice , as if they be serious work of art - Art , the undercover cop , be also there , eyeing the room - maxwell take a hor d'oeurve off a pass tray , and nod to someone offscreen - walter sit alone , deject - a waitress present he with a tray of champagne glass - walter look up at the tray - walter no thanks . the waitress walk away - the plump man talk to a art critic - critic we have many artist about but no craftsman . the critic gesture to the voluptuous figure of strangle girl - critic this man know he anatomy . plump man I would give five thousand for this . critic after you have read my review it will probably cost you ten thousand . the critic and the plump man laugh - maxwell swagger over to walter , put he empty glass of champagne on a pass tray and grab up another - he put he hand on walter 's shoulder - maxwell so what 's the problem ? Leonard watch they from across the room - maxwell why on Earth should you be so depressed ? have you hear some of the thing they have be say ? you can make fifty thousand on this piece alone ! walter I think you do not respect money ! maxwell I do not ! but fifty thou ? that 's not money , that 's manna ! walter get up - walter leave I alone . walter see carla - he get up and head over to she - carla glare back at he - walter look at she with a strange gaze in he eye - walter I be sorry about what I say before . carla ( soften ) forget it . walter I have be think ... ( beat ) carla , would you do one favor for I ? carla just about anything , walter . walter would you let I make ... a statue of you ? carla smile - carla would you really like to ? that would make I very happy . walter ok ... tonight . I will make a statue of you tonight , ok ? carla smile and nod - then she smile fade - Leonard take a sip of champagne and notice something across the room - cuff and link have crash the party - they head over and take a look at murdered man - Leonard put he glass down and head over to they - cuff take he cigarette and jam it in the mouth of murdered man - Leonard approach - link man , we have come to make the scene . leonard you be not invite . now get out of here . cuff I guess we be not good enough to get a private show . leonard that 's right ! and we be not open for business ! this be a art exhibit ! no bum ! Leonard push they out the door as cuff grab he cigarette back - link man , you be the worst . leonard yeah right right - goodbye ! cuff that 's alright , we get a press engagement ! link yeah , right outside the door ! Leonard close the door behind they - carla be look at the collection - she inspect Dead cat , the carpenter 's head - she then approach strangle girl - she smile , drink in the sculpture - then she see something that trouble she - carla uh - oh . she look closely at one of the hand - a fracture have form on one of she finger - carla gently go to touch it when the piece crack off - carla pick up the piece and go to put it back - she see a human finger protrude from the sculpture - carla stand back , in shock - she look around the room - soon shock turn to horror - she make a bee-line for the front door but be stop by walter - walter where be you go carla ? whatsamatter ? carla be mute with terror for a beat , but manage to get out the word - carla walter ... there 's ... walter what ? carla there 's ... a body inside that statue ! walter smile innocently - walter well , that 's Alice . carla be speechless - walter it 's alright , carla . ( beat ) maxwell say it 's alright . walter take a few step closer - walter let they become clay in he hand so that he might mold they . carla be clearly frighten - carla walter ... stay away from I ! walter do not you see carla ? I make they immortal . walter take a few step closer - walter do not you see ? I can do the same for you ! carla wait for a second , then shove walter out of the way , flee out the door - walter look around to see if anyone be look - nobody be - he take this opportunity to bolt out the door in pursuit of carla - ext STREET - night carla run down the street as fast as she can - walter follow , in hot pursuit - int jabberjaw - night the critic stand in front of strangle girl - Art approach from behind - the critic have notice the exposed finger - critic well I will be . look at this ! a woman approach - critic there 's another work ... inside this work . woman my heavens ! it look ... like a real finger . critic it 's unparalleled ... reality case in layer ... conceal in a shield of whiteness , blankness ... Art scrutinize the finger - several other people begin to approach , admire the discovery - art yeah ... that 's reality alright - Art do not like what he see - Art head over to murder man - he inspect the hand - see a ring shape on one of the finger - a horrible realization form in Art 's mind - he grab a butter knife off a table and begin to chip away at the hand - maxwell see this , begin to stumble over to it - maxwell precisely what be you do ! Art break the plaster off the finger - he inspect the ring on Lou 's finger - art Lou ... Lou ! ( beat ) get back ! everyone spin around as Art grab a chair - swing it at murdered man - there be a loud crash as Leonard watch Art hit the sculpture - the whole crowd then scream - the jig be up - ext STREET - night carla continue to flee from walter - walter appear to be gain some ground - carla turn a corner - carla help ! walter then follow she around the corner - int jabberjaw - night Art , maxwell , and the critic run over to a ashen - face Leonard - art call 911 get a patrol car down here - I be go to get paisley ! maxwell I be go with you ! ext jabberjaw - night Art , maxwell and the critic burst out the front door - cuff and link see they - cuff hey what 's the deal ! maxwell walter paisley be a murderer ! cuff man he just chase carla down the street - Art , maxwell and the critic head off - cuff and link follow they , run - int jabberjaw - night Leonard be on the phone , bite he nail - ext alley - night carla duck down a alley and crouch behind a dumpster surround by some garbage can - walter turn into the alley , and look around - carla freeze - walter then spot her - he lunge after she , but carla throw some garbage can in front of he and run away - walter throw the can aside and continue to chase she - ext lumber yard - night carla run into the yard and hide behind a large stack of wood - walter then approach , look around , then suddenly - walter look around - carla hide , but inadvertently knock over a piece of wood - walter hear it rattle across the ground - he run toward the noise - carla grab a bookshelf - size plank as walter approach - walter freeze for a beat , a manic expression on he face - carla get back walter ... walter start to approach - carla get back walter ! walter lunge and wham ! carla slam the plank over walter 's head - he hit the ground - carla run off in the direction she come from - walter stagger to he foot , clutching he head - he look around , not know which direction carla go - he run in the opposite direction - ext STREET - night walter run down the street , stop to catch he breath - he then continue to run down the street - ext STREET - night carla run into Art as he pursue walter - art be you alright ? carla yeah - he 's flip out ! art where be he ? carla gesture with she head and Art take off - ext STREET - night Art run down the street , pull out he revolver - ext alley - night walter run down the alley - ext STREET - night cuff and link run down the street , follow by maxwell and carla - maxwell stop to catch he breath - carla push he forward - the critic follow - ext courtyard apartment - night walter look around the street , desperate - he then look toward he house , and run to the gate - ext courtyard - night walter fly through the gate - Mrs. swicker approach - walter nearly check she into the wall - mrs . swicker what in the name of - walter open he door and slam it behind he - int walter' room - night walter lock the door - walter look around the room , panic - he accidentally knock carla 's picture to the ground - walter what be you gonna do now walter ? walter look in he closet - walter then look up , as if get a idea - he begin to frantically barricade he door - dissolve to ext courtyard - night Mrs. swicker point at walter 's door as Art , maxwell , cuff , link , carla , and the critic run toward it - mrs . swicker he 's in there - he 's go crazy ! Art try the door - art paisley ! open the door ! int walter' room - night walter frantically mix the plaster in the trough - he look back at the relentless bang at he door , and mix the plaster with increase fury - ext courtyard - night by this time a whole crowd of people have assemble at walter 's door - Art , maxwell , and Leonard alternately kick and bash the door - the door begin to give - art harder ! they continue to bash the door until finally - int walter' room - night crasshhhh !!! the door burst open and Art , maxwell , Leonard carla , cuff , link and the critic all stumble in , push aside any obstacle - everyone begin to pour in but as they look ahead , there be a collective gasp - they be look at walter , hanging from a noose , and cover in drip plaster - the crowd gather around walter in stunne silence - carla look remorsefully at walter - carla oh no ... walter ... critic unbelievable ... this will command a small fortune . maxwell I suppose he would have call it hanging man ... ( beat ) ...his great work . pull back to reveal the room of spectator , look at walter 's final creation - the end