loving written by Jeff Nichols Central Point film white 08/25/15 wga# : 1669293 ext . SMALL farmhouse - night 1 cricket . a spring night in rural Virginia . mildre ( 18 ) seem nervous . her eye cast down . she 's beautiful . a slender , light skinned black woman . High cheekbone hint at a mix of Native american ancestry . she pick she head up and take a deep breath . her big brown eye be soft in the light of the front porch . mildre I be pregnant . richard ( 24 ) listen . he 's a white man with close cropped blonde hair and a dark neck burn from work outside . he take in the information . a smile break across he face , revealing a mouth full of crooked tooth . he quickly draw he lip over they , swallow the smile . he 's shy , self - conscious of the tooth . he begin to nod , a more reserve smile come through . richard good . that 's real good . at this , mild 's shoulder drop with relief . they sit close to one another on the front step of a one - story wood planke house . it 's 1958 . they be young , but a rural work life make they seem older than they year . Richard take she hand . she lean into he . a ominous SOUND grow in the distance . a rumbling like thunder . it build . ext . drag racing strip - day 2 the chassis on a early 50 's chevy rock back and forth as gas charge through the idling motor . virgil ( 25 ) continue to rev the car as he steal a glance at he competition , another bulk up american machine prime to explode off the start line . Virgil be a mustach black man with thick eyebrow . he wear a bowler hat and clinch a toothpick in he tooth . he catch the other driver 's eye , a white man . Virgil smile . a man snap a rag into the air . tire smoke . rubber streak the asphalt as the car light out down the strip . Richard pop off the hood of a park car and track the race . he 's part of a group gather on the dirt swath that border the track . mild be with she sister garnet ( 20 ) , a woman of similar feature and beauty . the Group of seven be make up of black and white . most hold can of beer . all follow the race . the two car race neck and neck , they chrome bumper strain for the lead . Virgil 's car manage to pull ahead . stand by Richard be raymond ( 20 ) , a thick - neck black man who be easy to smile when not sweat a race , and percy ( 25 ) , a tall man who watch more than he talk . at Virgil 's car take the lead , Raymond 's hand come up . raymond there go . the other Driver lean into the wheel as if to aid he chance , but it do not help . Virgil manage a car length lead as he tear across the finish line . he yell and punch at the roof . Richard 's arm fly up , but he 's silent . Raymond let out a whooping sound before swinging out he massive palm which Richard meet with a slap . the Group cheer behind they . Richard walk back to mild , but on he way ... richard timing 's still off ' bout two degree . raymond look fine to I . ( to percy ) what you think ? percy I think we win . mild run up and give Richard a big hug . a4 ext . drag racing strip - day - later 3 Virgil and percy stand in front of the other Driver and he crew , all white , as the Driver count a stack of cash out and place it in Virgil 's outstretch bowler hat . virgil now that 's just fine right there , I tell they ' bout ya will that you boy have ya will 's , yes keep on now , you boy have a fast car right there but ya will be fine to let we race wit you . Virgil 's word come out in a jumble , make they meaning nearly imperceptible though they intention be clear . the money count , Virgil set the cash fill hat on he head and nod at the other Driver . he cut a smile at percy before they turn back to join they own group . the disgruntled man rest against they beat car . they attention be not on Virgil 's collection , but rather on Richard and mild across the track . Richard hold mild close , kissing she proudly . the Crew just stare across at they , visibly seethe . ext . shotgun shack - night b4 a hillbilly house party in full swing . a few car come and go , but most be park in a array around the yard . people spill out of the tiny house . int . shotgun shack - night 4 the shack be brim with body , thick smoke and booze . laughter and shout fill in amidst fast pace fiddle , banjo and upright bass pound out a bluegrass stomp . the crowd be mostly black , though a few white be mingle throughout . many look to be Native american . Richard , he arm around mild , clutches a beer and struggle to shout he point into Raymond 's ear . a inaudible reply from Raymond bring a red face gut laugh from Richard . percy look over to see what be so funny . Virgil bump through the crowd half dance while carefully balance he jar of clear liquor . he bow the drink to mild , but garnet 's hand swoops in to take it . garnet wag a finger before take a eyebrow raise sip at the stout stuff . she eye mild , who smile back at she . Virgil pull garnet up to dance not forget to reclaim he drink . he proceed to dance in a way that spread the crowd . mild nudge Richard . they laugh watch they friend dance , happy in this place . ext . build site - day 5 mortar be throw onto a brick and butter with a jointer before another brick come down on top . it 's a rhythmic task , do with precision . Richard stand in front of a grow wall amongst several other men lay brick at a bustling job site . bricklayer damn Richard . slow down . Richard smile to himself . he finish out he course of brick and quickly gather he tool . walk away ... richard all right now . bricklayer where you goin 's ? Richard do not answer . he move toward a collection of car park nearby . ext . uncultivate field - late afternoon 6 a light breeze move through full summer leave shading a hillside . grass bend in a low -ly field down below . Richard 's foot move heel to toe , count out a length . still in he work clothes , he pause and stare out at the field down below before finally turn to mild . time have pass since see she last . a grow belly show six month of she pregnancy . she watch he curiously . richard do you like it ? mildre like what ? richard right here . this spot . mildre you mean this field ? richard yeah . mildre this field not a mile from my house that I have be knowin’ all my life ? richard yeah . she cock she head at he , puzzle by this . mildre yes . I like it . Richard break away and face the lower field again . richard I would put the kitchen back here . mildre Richard stop this . I do not know what you be sayin’ . richard I buy it . this whole acre . I be gonna build you a house right here . we house . mild be speechless . her eye wander over the ground as if see it for the first time . she barely notice Richard move close , take she hand . her eye finally meet he . he look serious . richard ( cont 'd ) mild ? ext . grove - evening foot rush through tall grass , dodging in and out and bramble . mild , as best she can carry the extra weight , through a grove of tree . 7 of limb dart ext . tobacco field - evening 8 the tobacco field be vast , border on one side by a thicket of tree and fall off to a horizon on the other . the sun be quickly set behind the field , but a dozen people , black and white , still toil there . they slouch over the plant , weed grass from between thick green leave . mild emerge from the thicket of tree , move fast . she rush into the field weaving between row . garnet barely straighten before mild have grab she by the hand and pull she away from she work . garnet what 's this now ? garnet be lead out of the field back into the tree . ext . grove - evening 9 Firefly have begin to rise in the grove . mild be tuck against a tree in the midst of a whisper to she sister . mildre Said he would buy it for I . and then he ask I to marry he . garnet no he do not . mildre yes . mild 's hand cover she mouth try to contain she excitement . garnet right out in the field ? oh Lord that man might be crazy . when you gonna do it ? mildre he do not say . soon though . before the baby come . garnet 's eye move upward as she take in a long breath . she seem troubled . garnet he 's gonna take my sister from I . 10 11 mildre no . we will be right down the road . garnet take mild 's hand and hold it to she face . mild smile , which lead she sister to as well . they giggle at one another as evening take hold . ext . lola 's house - day 10 chicken peck the morning dew in the yard around a tin roofed shack . this be one in a collection of house build together in a small community . Richard 's car pull in next to a rusty pickup . he climb out as lola ( 48 ) , a weathered woman already miss tooth , help a very pregnant white girl ( 17 ) out of the front door . richard hey momma . lola they out back . richard here now . Richard grab the young girl 's hand to help she down the porch step . on the ground , she head to the pickup . pregnant girl thank you miss lola . we ’1ll see you soon . lola we will be here . as Richard move around to the back of the house , the girl crank up the pickup and rattles away . int . barn garage - day 11 the wooden barn have a pour concrete floor show its conversion to a makeshift garage . the wall be line with tool and part . Raymond take a bite from a bologna sandwich before ducking under the hood of they chevy race car park inside . Richard walk in and survey the work . richard how we doin 's ? raymond get that board and get up under there . see if you can not get this manifold loose . Richard snag a roller board and wrench from the corner and slide on he back under the front end . the two work in tandem , Raymond from above , Richard from below . they work in silence for awhile . then ... richard I be gonna take mild up to D.C. to get marry . Raymond take this in , but do not stop work . raymond you sure about that ? richard yeah . Raymond lift the part out and carry it to a table . raymond hold on , stay under there . Raymond return with another piece that he drop under the hood . Richard , with no need for explanation , grab the piece and start to affix it to the car . raymond ( cont 'd ) you need a witness ? richard no . I be gonna ask she dad to come with we . as they continue to work , Virgil enter the barn . he immediately find Raymond 's sandwich . he pick it up and smell it . raymond Rich be gonna take mild up to D.C. to get marry . Virgil take a bite . with a full mouth ... virgil string bean ? that do not make no damn sense . 12 13 Virgil chunks the rest of the sandwich into a metal bin as he walk back out of the garage . trail off ... virgil ( cont 'd ) you would be livin 's up in da house wit no wife jus 's fine ' fore you would ... Virgil be go before conclude he think . Richard , still tuck under the car , smile to himself . i/e. richard 's car / highway to D.C. - day 12 Richard drive on the open highway with the window down and music drift from the radio . mild sit up front next to he . they wear they finest clothes . mild 's father , theoliver '' Jake '' ( 52 ) , ride quietly in the backseat . he wear a suit and hat . mildre you think they 's 1l see we today ? richard I call up there . theoliver seem like a long drive to I . richard thanks for come Jake . mildre daddy what 's the city like ? theoliver shrug , unimpress . theoliver it 's fine . int . courthouse chamber - day 13 Richard and mild stand in front of a magistrate in the courthouse office . theoliver stand behind they . Richard slip a slight gold band on mild 's finger . she smile at he , she round belly fill the alter church dress . magistrate by the power vested in I by the District of Columbia , I now pronounce you husband and wife . 14 al4 10 . Richard and mild kiss . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - kitchen - night 14 garnet study mild 's ring as they mother , musiel ( 46 ) , sit at the table snap bean . garnet I may not forgive he . mildre come on now . garnet you lucky if I forgive you . no reason to go all the way up there for this and not take we . mildre we take daddy . garnet like that mean a thing . mildre Richard say there be less red tape in Washington . that 's all . garnet , not convinced , toss mild 's hand back at she and grab a fistful of bean to snap . mild 's eye go back to the ring . garnet you can stop lookin’ at it string bean , you know it 's pretty . mild smile at she sister , use the edge of the table to stand . she lean over and give garnet a kiss on the forehead before walk out . int . mildre 's parent 's - front room — continuous al4 theoliver , coat off and tie loose , doze off in a deep cushion chair next to a radio in the corner . Richard sit at the dining table under a bare bulb . he 's hunch over a sheet of draft paper . he move a pencil around a slide rule sketching plan for they house . mild enter and stop to look over he work . she place she hand on he shoulder and lean down to he . 15 16 17 11 . mildre I be turn in . richard what you think about we bedroom in the back ? mildre I will love it however you make it . she move away and he grab she hand , pull she back in for a kiss . richard I will be in there soon . mildre okay . mild exit to the bedroom . Richard return to he plan . ext . build site - day 15 brick laid , mortar spread . it 's a routine at the bustling job site . Richard move with the brick . he barely pause to run he sleeve across he brow in the summer heat . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse / bedroom - day 16 mild run fabric through a foot pedal sewing machine . she examine the stitch . please , she carry the blanket over to garnet who be prepare a basket as a bassinet . mild 's hand move to she stomach , wince at a kick . garnet reach out to feel for herself . int . general store - afternoon 17 Richard stand at the back of the store scan a pegboard of automotive belt . he already cradle a assortment of other item . at the front of the store , a few customer mingle around . mild stand near the door flipping through a box of packet contain clothing pattern . she be be watch by the cashier ( 52 ) , a older black woman smoking a long cigarette . 18 19 12 . the cashier watch mild 's finger flipping through the packet . she see the ring . Richard approach mild with he item . he stand close behind she . mild remove a pattern to show he . mildre I think like this ? he nod in agreement and place he hand on the small of she back . at this , the cashier 's mouth furrow . Richard break away and walk toward the cashier . he set he item on the counter . richard hey Clara . that frame come in for I ? cashier it 's in the back . the cashier climb off she stool and shuffles away . int . barn garage - night 18 Richard and Raymond work under the body of the race car illuminate by a metal flood lamp . mild , in silhouette , lean against a table watch they . ext . lola 's house - day 19 lola dump a tin of water off the front porch as Richard 's car pull up and park . he climb out . richard hey momma . Richard walk toward the barn in back . lola sheriff 's deputy come by lookin’ for you . this stop he . he turn back to she . richard what have he want ? lola want to find you . 20 21 13 . richard you tell he where I be ? lola I do not have nothin’ to tell he . lola begin scrubbing the tin down . Richard process this news , unsettle by it . he continue on to the barn . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse / bedroom - day 20 a blank plaster wall . the back of Richard 's head raise up . he hammer at the wall for a moment before bend back down leave a nail in place . he stand back up now hold a large picture frame . he place it on the wall , make sure it 's straight before walk out of the bedroom . Richard and mild 's marriage certificate be leave hang there . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - night 21 bowl of food be pass for supper at mild 's house . her parent , garnet , Richard , and two cousin , gerald ( 27 ) and davis ( 22 ) , be all there around the table . it 's a nice meal and everyone seem at ease . davis what you like Rich ? Ford or chevy ? richard not much difference . davis but which one faster ? richard that just depend on who build it . gerald that 's what I say . davis how much money you win with that car ? 22 23 24 25 14 . garnet Boy why you askin’ he ' bout he money ? davis he do not have to answer I . ( back to Richard ) how many race you win ? Richard look up from he plate for the first time . he take time to calculate on he fingertip . richard a lot . this make mild laugh . ext . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - night 22 it 's late . the farmhouse be dark and the surround countryside be even darker . the night be hot and still . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - continuous 23 the front room be dark . the icebox hum in the kitchen . int . mildrede parent farmouse - bedroom 24 in the bedroom , Richard and mild sleep soundly . ext . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - continuous 25 on the dirt drive leading up to the house , two police car be park off to the side under the tree . no headlight . no engine run . after a moment , the door open and three men quietly step out . two from the first car and one from the second . they walk toward the house in the dark . on the porch , a hand reach for the front door . it turn the knob . the unlock door fall open . 26 15 . the Men enter . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse / bedroom - night 26 Richard and mild sleep undisturbed . still no sound in the house . until ... wham ! the bedroom door be kick open as blind flashlight pop on . sheriff brooks ( 0.s. ) in here ! the Three Men rush inside . Richard sit up , a hand out to shield he squinting eye . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) what you doin 's in that bed boy ? Richard be yank out of the bed wear only boxer and a undershirt . off balance , he 's sling to the floor . mildre Richard ? sheriff brooks ( to mild ) get outta that bed . mild , wear a nightgown , slowly climb out of the bed . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) ( over Richard ) what be you doin 's in bed with that woman ? mildre I be he wife . Richard point to the wall lead sheriff brook 's flashlight up to the frame marriage certificate . sheriff brooks that 's no good here . get you pants on boy . the other two man , a deputy and the county jailer , pick Richard up by the arm as he scramble to put on the work pants he have leave over a chair . 27 28 16 . mild 's father appear in the doorway as sheriff brook lead she out of the bedroom in she nightgown . theoliver step out of the way , say nothing as Richard be lead out behind she . ext . caroline county courthouse / jail - night 27 the two police car be park in a dirt lot behind the red brick county jail . Richard and mild , both in handcuffs , have be carry in separate vehicle . they be remove from they respective backseat by the deputy and jailer . sheriff brook , with no comment , walk off toward a adjacent parking lot as the prisoner be lead around front . a bare bulb mount above the bar door be all that light the dark , two story structure . bar cover the window on the second floor . int . caroline county jail - night 28 the jail be dark and dank . the large metal front door open directly onto a flight of concrete step that lead up to the cell . the bar window offer no protection from the element . Metal creak as Richard be the first to enter and be lead upstairs . mild be close behind . a tiny , single cell wait at the top . the jailer hold Richard address the deputy . jailer she go in there . Richard be turn and take further inside toward a large communal cell down the hall . Richard strain to turn back . he 's able to catch mild 's eye . richard it 's all right . mild , still in she slipper and nightgown , look terrify . the deputy unlock the door to she cell . Richard try to keep a eye on she as the jailer remove he handcuffs and unlock the communal cell . 29 30 17 . Richard be push inside . in the communal cell , Richard immediately turn back to the bar be slam in he face . he try to see down the hall to mild but can not . he step back , he eye darting around try to find a answer that be not come . he bring he hand up to he face to cover he hurried breathe . stuck , he begin to gather himself . he turn to the large open cell . shadowy figure line the wall and pace around the window . mostly drunk , one mumble in the corner . Richard back into a open spot on the wall by the door . he lean there , keep he eye on the room . in the single cell , mild be ball up in the corner . the cell be barely big enough to contain the filthy cot she 's huddle on . she 's tremble , try to control she tear . ext . caroline county courthouse / jail - night 29 outside , the town of bowl Green be quiet . the jail sit just a few yard away from the county courthouse . a statue of a confederate soldier stand between the two building . int . caroline county jail - day 30 sunlight stream through the bar of the communal cell . Richard have not move from he spot on the wall . several other men , black and white , be sprawle out across the cell . the sound of traffic bustles from the town outside . Richard barely move he head at the sound of the big metal door downstairs open . footstep climb the step in no kind of hurry . key jingle and the cell door open . jailer Richard love ? 18 . richard here . Richard straighten , stiff from the long night , and move to the door . jailer you make bail . Richard quickly step out of the cell and move down the hall look for mild . he see she still huddle on the cot in she cell . richard bean ? mild lift she head to find Richard approach . she immediately get to she foot and go to the cell door . mildre Richard ? as Richard approach she , the jailer grab he by the shoulder to steer he downstairs . jailer on down . Richard resist . richard what about she ? jailer just you . mildre Richard ? the jailer move Richard further down the stair . Richard try to pull back . richard wait . the jailer yank he arm . jailer do not pull I again . richard that 's not right . 31 32 33 19 . the jailer move he on downstairs . Richard turn to see mild . she stand at the bar watch he go . richard ( cont 'd ) that 's not right now ! at the bottom of the step he lose sight of she . the jailer shove he outside . ext . caroline county courthouse / jail - day 31 Richard stumble out the door into bright sunlight . he cover he eye as the metal door slam shut . the jailer keep a hold of he and lead he across the lawn toward the courthouse . Richard look over to the small sheriff 's office that sit in a building behind the jail . sheriff brook stand outside sip a cup of coffee . he watch Richard . Richard avert he eye . int . caroline county courthouse / clerk office - day 32 Richard stand in front of a desk in the clerk 's office collect he wallet and key . clerk sign at the bottom . the clerk , a white man in he early 60' , present a paper and pen to he . Richard bend over to sign . richard what about my wife ? clerk you will have to talk to the judge about that on Monday . richard Monday ? Richard wait for a response , but the clerk just hand he a receipt for he thing . Richard walk out . ext . caroline county courthouse - continuous 33 Richard walk outside to find Raymond wait for he by he car on the street . 34 35 20 . they do not speak . they just climb in the car and Raymond drive away . int . lola 's house - late afternoon 34 a scream . the pregnant young White girl sit in a bed in the center of the front room in the midst of labor . her husband ( 25 ) stand by look pale . lola perform she midwife duty in the middle of it all . lola Richard ! Richard enter from the front porch . lola ( cont 'd ) bring I that fresh water and take this one out . Richard move to the wood stove and a use a towel to grab the fresh bucket of water . he replace it with one at lola 's foot and head back out to the front porch . ext . lola 's house - continuous 35 Richard walk onto the porch and dump the bucket off to the side of the house . setting the bucket down , he join Raymond on the railing look out over the small community of house . several people mill about . raymond what you go 's do ? Richard shake he head , unable to unclench he jaw . he study the people in the nearby house , black and white . all poor . richard how would they know to come get we ? raymond somebody talk . Richard look at he . nod . he turn he attention back to the neighbor . the sound of the girl 's labor continue inside . 36 37 38 39 21 . int . lola 's house - night 36 lola have clean up the room from the birth . by the light of a bare bulb , she fold a clean sheet and place it in a large wooden chest . ext . lola 's house - continuous 37 Richard sit alone on a stoop smoking at the back of the house . the moon be bright . his mind work on the problem . stumped , he stand with a flick of he cigarette and begin to pace . his head move as if make a argument with no word . he finally sit back on the stoop and stare up at the moon . he rub he finger over he face . from inside , lola watch she son through the screen of the back door . she return to she work . int . caroline county jail - night 38 mild try to straighten a stiff leg while lean on the edge of the cot in the cramped cell . she massage she belly with a wince . man' voice ( 0.s. ) hey ! mild flinch at the sound from down the hall . a shouting match erupt between two man in the communal cell . man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) get off I ! I say get off I nigga ! mumbling . someone laugh . then silence . mild draw back onto the cot , try to make herself small . int . caroline county courthouse / clerk office - day 39 Richard stand in front of the clerk 's desk already frustrated by the situation . clerk we tell you to come back on Monday and talk to the judge . 40 4l 22 . richard I can not let she be in there ' till Monday . that 's not right . clerk talk to the judge . you be not allow to bail she out . richard I get a lawyer ? clerk you can . Richard swallow he frustration and walk out . ext . courthouse / clerk office - continuous 40 Richard storm out of the clerk 's office door . he stop to take a breath , try to stay calm . he move across the lawn toward he car park on the main street . sheriff brooks ( 0.s. ) hey boy ! Richard stop to see sheriff brook stand outside he office . Richard do not move . the sheriff beckon he . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) come on ! Richard watch the sheriff walk back into he office . he look around , then walk over . int . sheriff 's office - day 4l Richard step inside to find sheriff brook seat behind he desk . they be alone . sheriff brooks sit down . Richard take a seat in front of the desk , apprehensive . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) you back tryin' to bail she out ? Richard nod . 23 . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) you know they be not gonna let she out to you ? Richard want to protest , but do not . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) you best send one of she people up here , ' cause they will not let she out to you . richard she 's pregnant . sheriff brooks you shut you mouth about that . I will throw you ass back in there for that . you know better . Richard mumble something . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) what 's that ? Richard say nothing . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) you do know better do not you ? or maybe you do not . you daddy work for a nigger do not he ? runnin 's timber ? the sheriff shake he head , feign remorse . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) I be sorry for you . I really be . all ya will over there in Central Point do not know up from down . all mix up . half Cherokee , rappahannock , part niggra , part white . blood do not know what it want to be . you just get bear in the wrong place be all . Richard stay still . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) see you get to thinkin’ it be fine . you might think people around here would not care . Hell maybe they would not if you dumb country ass have not go off and marry she , but not I . you hear I ? that 's God 's law . ( more ) 42 43 44 45 24 . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) he make a sparrow a sparrow and a robin a robin . they be different for a reason . the sheriff stare he down , just hope he make eye contact , but Richard never do . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) no . no . you go on now . get on home . Richard lift from the chair but be stop at the door . sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) you send some of she people down here tomorrow to get she . I see you try and bail she out again I will arrest you . Richard exit . ext . caroline county courthouse / jail - continuous 42 Richard walk across the lawn . he look up at the jail , but do not stop move . ext . build site - day 43 Richard lay brick . he 's off he pace . his mind wander . ext . caroline county courthouse / jail / MAIN STREET - night 44 Richard sit alone in he car at night . the engine be off and light from a distant street lamp barely illuminate he . his arm be propped on the door and he hold he head . he 's be here awhile . his eye eventually drift to something across the street . he be park on the main street of bowl Green . in the distance , he watch the jail . int . caroline county jail - day 45 daylight stream in through the bar . mild sit in the cell . 46 47 25 . she jump at the sound of the loud metal door open downstairs . she lean over to see who will appear . sheriff brook walk a prisoner up . the prisoner do not take he eye off mild . the sheriff notice . sheriff brooks I should let you go in there with she tonight . this say , the sheriff never stop walk and disappear with the prisoner down the hall . mild retreat to the back corner of she cell . her eye stay lock on the empty hallway . it 's quiet . sheriff brook reappear in the hallway . he 's alone . he walk up to mild 's cell and unlock the door . she stare up at he with wide eye . she can not get any further away but try . press she back into the wall . sheriff brook swing the bar open and take a step back . after a moment ... sheriff brooks ( cont ’d ) come on . you daddy post you bail . mild pause , unsure , but then bolt up and be move down the stair . int . caroline county courthouse / clerk office - day 46 the door open and mild step inside the clerk 's office . theoliver be wait there . she run up and embrace he . she 's cry . he hold she . i/e. theoliver 's car / countryside - day 47 theoliver drive as mild stare out the passenger window . they ride in silence . mild watch the tree and countryside pass by outside . it 's a beautiful summer day . 48 49 50 a50 26 . ext . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - day 48 mild get out of the car . garnet rush off the front porch to give she a hug . mild accept this but crane she neck , search . musiel step out onto the porch alone . mildre where 's Richard ? theoliver walk up to the house and do not stop to speak . theoliver move he thing out . theoliver continue inside the house . mild look confuse . garnet take she hand and lead she to the house . garnet Said they have arrest ya will again if they catch he here with you . mild stop on the porch and look back to the road . no one be there , but it do not stop she from search . garnet take she on inside . ext . lola 's house - night 49 the sound of cricket fill the warm night air . Richard step quietly out the back door of he mother 's house . he wait on the top step , scan the other house . there be no one around . he move quickly away from the house and disappear into a treeline that border the community . ext . wood - night 50 Richard move through dark wood . branch and bramble pull at he pants and scratch he arm . ext . wood / road - night a50 Richard pause to survey a road in the distance . headlights appear and he crouch . the car pass without slow . Richard wait to be sure , and then sprint out of the wood . 51 52 53 27 . he cross the road and enter the treeline on the opposite side . he fall out of sight . ext . mildre ’'s parent 's farmhouse - night 51 Richard appear from the wood on the side of mild 's parent 's house . he hang close to the tree as he maneuver to a spot where he can see the dirt drive . it 's empty . Richard move toward the front door . he ease open the screen slip inside . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - continuous 52 the house be dark and quiet , similar to the night they be arrest . Richard make he way through , wary of he creak footstep . int . mildrede parent 's farmhouse / bedroom - continuous 53 mild bolt up in bed at the sound of the bedroom door open . richard ( 0.s. ) bean ? mild try to get up but Richard be already beside she . she wrap she arm around he tight . she 's cry . richard ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I get you . she begin to settle and Richard pull back to look at she . richard ( cont 'd ) you okay ? do they hurt you ? mildre no. I be just scared . they say I could not see you . richard I know . mild wipe at she face , let a hand cradle over the top of she belly . 54 55 28 . mildre what be we go 's do ? richard I get a lawyer . they say he 's the best in the county . he ’1ll get it straighten out . mildre I do not know . richard it 's fine . we just gotta keep to ourselves for awhile . this 's 1l blow over . mild be comfort by the word even though she do not entirely trust they . Richard lean in to kiss she . he keep he head close to hers . richard ( cont 'd ) I better go . mild tighten she grip . it pain he to separate . they lean back together on the bed . he pull he leg up to she . they lie together on top of the cover . his pants and shoe still cover in mud from the trek over . they stay this way for a long time . int . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - night - later 54 Richard gently shut the door to mild 's bedroom . he maneuver to the back of the house but be stop by the sight of garnet . she do not speak . she just stand in she doorway stare he down . he feel the weight of this stare . unable to plead he case , he avert he eye and continue out of the house . garnet never move . she watch he leave . int . frank beazely 's law office - day 55 Richard and mild , dress for court , sit in leather wing chair in front of a big mahogany desk . 29 . the law office be small , but well appoint . stack of book and file give it a functional feel . frank beazely ( 0.s. ) we will walk over there in a minute , but I meet with the judge this morning and I be able to work out a deal that I think be fair . frank beazely ( 58 ) be a polished small town lawyer . frank beazely ( cont ’d ) judge bazile be a friend , but he be not a fan of you particular situation . if you all plead guilty , the judge be willing to suspend any prison time . mild let out a audible sigh of relief . Richard take she hand and nod at Frank . richard we will do it . frank beazely now in exchange for suspending the jail time , you and you wife , unless of course you choose to dissolve the marriage , will be force to leave the state . richard leave the state ? what 's that mean ? frank beazely it 's exactly what it sound like . you will not be allow to remain in the state together . Richard , you will be allow to return for work , and mild can visit , but the two of you be never allow to be in the state at the same time and certainly be not allow to be here together . mildre for how long ? how long will that last ? Frank chew on he cheek , reluctant to give the detail . frank beazely twenty five year . 56 57 30 . mild be stunne . Richard 's jaw go slack with disbelief . richard that can not be right . frank beazely look , you get a year in state penitentiary , which I remind you could have be up to five year at the maximum , you get a year in prison on one hand or leavin’ the state on the other . that 's a easy choice . mild , a panic grow , look to Richard , but he head be down . he can not look at she . ext . bowling GREEN / caroline county courthouse - day 56 they dress shoe click across the main street . Frank lead mild and Richard from he office in downtown bowl Green over to the courthouse . frank beazely try not to talk unless he directly ask you a question , which he will not . Frank do not turn to address they as they walk . Richard and mild follow , but be not touch . frank beazely ( cont ’d ) just like we talk about , he 'il ask what you plead , you say guilty , and this will be over quick enough . Richard try to catch mild 's eye , but she 's keep she head down . they reach the lawn that connect the courthouse to the jail . int . judge bazile 's court room - day 57 it 's a picture perfect small town county courthouse . one large , open room with a upper and lower gallery . all polished wood and natural light from tall shutter window . Richard and mild sit at one of two table in front of the judge 's elevate bench . Frank beazely sit next to they with he hand fold in front of he . 31 . they listen to the court secretary read the charge aloud . there be no jury , but a bailiff stand by a rear exit . court secretary ... the say Richard perry love , be a white person and the say mild dolore jeter be a color person , do unlawfully and feloniously go out of the state of Virginia , for the purpose of be marry in the District of Columbia on June 2nd , 1958 , and afterwards return to and reside in the County of caroline , State of Virginia , cohabitate as man and wife against the peace and dignity of the commonwealth . the Court Secretary take a seat as judge bazile ( 68 ) shuffles some papers at he bench . he 's a withere look man in horn -rimm glass . judge bazile stand . Frank stand , cuing Richard and mild to do the same . judge bazile ( cont ’d ) how do you plead ? richard guilty . mildre guilty . judge bazile the court doth accept the plea of guilty and fix the punishment of both accuse at one year each in jail . Richard look to Frank , who keep a unflinch stare ahead . 58 59 32 . judge bazile ( cont ’d ) the court do suspend say sentence for the period of twenty - five year upon the provision that both accuse leave caroline County and the State of Virginia at once and do not return together or at the same time to say county and state for a period of twenty - five year . do either of you have anything to say ? Richard drop he eye . he shake he head , '' no . '' mild look up to the judge , still processing this . she slowly shake she '' no '' as well . judge bazile ( cont ’d ) you be release from custody . settle you court cost with the clerk . judge bazile smack a gavel and stand to exit the court . as Frank beazely pack up he thing , mild and Richard stand freeze . int . caroline county courthouse / clerk office - day 58 the clerk tabulate on a form . Richard and mild stand in front of he desk . Richard hold he wallet . mild look daze . clerk it 's 36 dollar and 29 cent a piece . Richard open he wallet and begin count cash . ext . mildre 's parent 's farmhouse - day 59 Richard tie down luggage load on the top of they car . mild 's parent , along with garnet , stand at the step of the porch . mild explain she write on a piece of paper to she mother . mildre the first number be Nancy 's brother Alex . ( more ) 60 33 . mildre ( cont 'd ) his wife Laura be there most day . if you need to get we , just call . musiel okay . mild hug she mother tight . move to she father , she begin to tear up . mildre daddy ? theoliver you okay . mild approach garnet who stand with arm cross . mild hug she , but garnet can not handle it . she break free and level a finger at Richard . garnet you know what you be doin 's takin 's she up there ! you have no right for that ! Richard do not argue , just deflect with a nod . garnet storm into the house . mild watch she go , barely able to keep it together . Richard hold he hand out . richard bean ? mild attempt a smile to she parent before walk over and take he hand . he help she into the car . Richard nod to she parent as he walk around the hood . he climb in and the car pull away . her parent remain on the step . they can see mild through the rear window . she can not help but look back . the car disappear down the dirt drive . ext . tree in field / road - day 60 a oak tree stand by a curve in a country road . Sun shine through its canopy . it be tall and beautiful . the love 's car pass by , leave the tree 's branch sway gently . 61 62 34 . with the car go , the countryside be still . almost silent . this silence continue ... ext . richard 's car /d.c. neighborhood - day 61 mild ride in the passenger seat . her eye be lock on the world pass outside she window . after a time , she crack the window . the sound of the CITY come flooding in . Cars honk . dog bark . r&b trickle from distant radio . people shout at one another across the street . a cacophony . mild seem to wither slightly . the sound be soon join by image . it 's a poor black neighborhood in Washington D.C. life spill across the street . dog eat trash from tumble can . concrete and asphalt cover everything . kid run wild , zag across the pavement . Men and woman hover in group . mild , without take she eye off the scene , reach for Richard . he take a hand off the wheel and find she grip . ext . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 62 mild step out of the car as Richard be already untying the luggage on the roof . she study the tall slender row house in front of she . it 's one of many sandwich in a line that go on forever down the street . she look up at the green leave of a solitary young tree plant in a hole make for it in the sidewalk . LAURA ( 32 ) come out of the house and greet mild with a hug at the bottom of the stoop . LAURA how ya will doin’ ? mildre we be fine . thank you for take we . LAURA we have get lot of room . 63 64 35 . mildre you remember Richard ? LAURA yes . Richard walk over and offer he hand . richard thank you . LAURA glad to have you . she take mild by the hand . LAURA ( cont 'd ) come on in I ’1ll show you the house . Richard watch they go inside . he study the street for himself , take a deep breath and go back to unpack . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / bedroom - night 63 the room be dark , but light from a street lamp spill in through the sheer curtain . mild and Richard lie in bed . the room be small but comfortable with minimal furnishings . the window be open in a attempt to let a breeze in . a metal fan blow from the corner . Richard be asleep . mild be on she side with she back to he . she be wide awake . she listen to all of the new sound outside . the din of traffic , a distant siren , a occasional shout . she try to keep she eye close , but can not . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / kitchen - day 64 mild 's cousin , alex ( 35 ) , sit at the kitchen table read a paper . mild , still in she night clothes , sip a glass of juice . Laura be at the stove . Richard walk in dress for work . he bend down and speak in mild 's ear . richard I be goin’ . 65 66 67 68 36 . mild set she glass down and follow Richard out of the kitchen . ext . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 65 Richard step out of the front door . he pause to turn and kiss mild who be just behind he . Richard walk down the step to the sidewalk but hesitates there . he look back up to mild . he do not want to leave she and he can see she do not want to be leave . richard I ‘’1l be home by dinner . mild nod . Richard , reluctant , break the look and go to climb in he car . mild stay put until he car disappear around the corner . ext . residential job site - day 66 this be a new job site , but some of the crew be the same as before . they be building a house in a more residential neighborhood . Richard work on set brick in a intricate pattern that form the front walk . int . jumbo food store - day 67 mild push a cart down the aisle of a large grocery store . she seem lose in think pass the stack of label that line the shelf . she emerge from the aisle and pause . she study a list in she hand against the numerous row . as other customer pass by , she just stop . feeling every bit of she pregnancy , she lean against the cart , overwhelm by she situation . ext . cousin 's row house in d.c . - evening 68 the sun have just set in a autumn sky . Richard climb out of he car park across the street from they cousin 's row house . met by a cool wind , he pop the collar on a red and black flannel coat and cross . 69 70 37 . he walk inside past the small tree out front show bright orange leave . int . cousin 's row house in d.c . - night 69 a tv in the front room show a news program describe Pioneer 1 , a space probe . they cousin Alex recline in a soft chair nearby . Richard watch from one end of the couch . mild sit on the other . her belly be massive , have reach full term . Richard look over to mild . she be not watch the tv . she stare off at nothing . it 's a despondent look . Richard study she long enough to see no change . he go back to the tv , concerned . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / bedroom - night 70 Richard and mild be in bed under a heavier blanket . mild be on she side again , she back to Richard . he watch she shoulder . they rise and fall with deliberate breath . he move close , put he arm over she and press he face into she hair . richard what can I do ? mildre nothing . richard bean . mildre it 's just ... I always think you mother would be the one to deliver the baby . this be not news to he , but it strike he to hear it say aloud . he begin to nod . he roll onto he back again . he stare at the ceiling , make he choice . richard okay . she turn to see he . he look at she and nod again . 71 72 73 38 . richard ( cont 'd ) okay . she wrap she arm around he chest . his mind be already work on the task . ext . cousin 's row house in d.c . - late afternoon 71 Richard , a blanket tuck under he arm , help mild into the backseat of he idling car . she have a dark scarf tie over she hair . Richard hand she the blanket before grab a small suitcase off the curb . he place the bag in the trunk and climb behind the wheel . they drive away from the house . i/e. richard 's car / highway - moving - night 72 the highway be dark at night . Richard scan the road . a set of headlight appear up ahead . Richard follow they get closer . he grip the wheel . the headlight pass . Richard 's eye dart from the road to the rearview in quick succession , but the taillight continue shrink . Richard take a breath . in the backseat , mild be lie down with the blanket drape over she . she listen to the tire thump the road . i/e. richard 's car / county line highway - night 73 Richard 's car slow on its approach down the highway . the headlight snap off as the car ease over to a stop on the shoulder . it sit idle in the dark . inside the car , Richard sit in the dark watch the road . nothing . wait . still nothing . headlights appear . they approach fast and then fly by . 74 75 39 . in the rearview , Richard watch as the car pull a U -turn in the middle of the highway . it speed up to they and brake to a quick stop . it 's Raymond in he own car . he smile across the bench seat at Richard before hopping out . he leave he car in idle . out on the highway , Richard quickly get out and open the back door . Raymond join he and they help mild step out and transfer over to Raymond 's car . Raymond rush to get back behind he wheel . the car speed off , leave Richard alone in the road . he watch they taillight disappear before climb back into he own car . ext . lola 's house - night 74 Richard 's car pull into the drive at he mother 's house . Raymond 's car sit park on the front lawn . Richard maneuver he car around back . at the barn garage , Richard pass they race car , which have be park outside of the barn and cover with a tarp . Richard pull into the open bay . Richard peek out of the open barn door . he see no one and make a B line for the back of the house . int . lola 's house - night 75 Richard enter the kitchen area at the back of the house . he hear voice in the main room . in the front room , Richard enter to find mild sit with she family . Raymond hang out by the front door and lola tend the fire in the stove . richard hey momma . lola fetch I that wood . 76 77 40 . she point to a pile in the corner . Richard grab two log and deliver they . mild , flanke by she parent , make eye contact with garnet and motion she toward Richard . garnet stand and go over to he at the stove . garnet thank you for this . Richard smile at she . she give he a hug . raymond all right string bean . it 's on you now . theoliver laugh and the room relax . lola carry a cup of steaming liquid and put it in mild 's hand . lola drink this . lola exit to the back of the room . mild look up to Richard , smile . she take a sip . it 's stout . ext . barn garage - day 76 the tarp cover race car sit shade under a tree beside the barn out of view from the other house . Richard lie underneath adjust something on the rear end . a shout come from inside the house . garnet ( 0.s. ) Rich ! Richard push himself free and run to the house . int . lola 's house - day 77 lola be help mild onto the bed that have be pull to the center of the room . garnet help . Richard run inside . garnet her water break . Richard grab a bucket and rush back out of the room . 78 79 80 4l . int . lola 's house - night 78 mild be still in labor . she be drench in sweat and push hard . she 's at the brink of give birth . Richard , at home in this situation , hold she hand . lola be by she leg keep count by tapping she foot . lola keep on . and ... bear down . mild push . ext . lola 's house - night 79 it 's late . the house be quiet as be the neighborhood . Richard stand on the front porch smoking . lola step out side and dump a bucket of water off the side of the porch . Richard speak just before she 's back inside . richard thank you momma . lola pause in a rare moment of introspection . lola you never shoulda marry that girl . Richard do not even turn to answer this . richard I think you like she . lola I like a lot of people . that do not mean you shoulda go and do what you do . you know better . Richard do not engage . he take a pull from he cigarette and go back to watch the street . lola walk inside . int . lola 's house - day 80 a new baby 's face swaddle tight . 81 82 42 . garnet ( 0.s. ) sidney . sidney . garnet hold he , speak gently . mild and Richard sit on the couch watch . mild be dress and look somewhat recover . mild 's mother be also there . they all study the child . garnet stand and hand the baby back to mild . the SOUND of car pull up . Richard crane he neck but have to stand to see out front . he see two sheriff 's patrol car in the front yard . sheriff brook step out of one and the deputy from the other . the two man walk forward and stop by the hood of they car . they wait there . Richard turn to mild . richard call Frank beazely . Richard walk outside . mild do not move from the couch . ext . lola 's house - continuous 81 Richard step onto the front porch . his eye meet the sheriff 's . he step down into the yard . Richard stay several foot back from the man . he and the sheriff stare at one another . sheriff brooks tell that woman to come out here . richard she 's not here . sheriff brooks Boy . I will split you head to the white meat and then go arrest every soul in that house . I will not ask again . int . lola 's house - continuous 82 mild kiss the baby on the forehead and hand he over to garnet . 83 84 85 43 . garnet no . mild stand and slip on she coat . she walk out of the house . lola have appear at the kitchen door . she watch this all . ext . lola 's house - continuous 83 sheriff brook see mild step outside . never look up , mild pass behind Richard and head for the deputy 's car . he open he door and mild take she place in the backseat . the deputy close she in . sheriff brook stare at Richard . he eventually follow suit and walk toward brook 's vehicle . int . deputy 's patrol car - moving - day 84 mild sit quietly in the backseat . the deputy barely turn he head to speak to she , but give the circumstance he voice be kind . deputy you be in luck . the judge be in today . you will go straight there . mild take this in . nod a little . int . caroline county courthouse - day 85 Richard and mild find themselves stand once again at the table in front of judge bazile 's bench . the judge study a transcript and look lowly at they over the bridge of he glass . judge bazile for violation of you parole , you be order to post a two-hundred - dollar bond and be to appear in front of this court on ... the judge look to the court secretary for he answer . the door at the back of the courtroom swing open , interrupt the proceedings . Frank beazely rush inside . 86 87 44 , he begin to gather himself as he walk up to join the loving . bazile wait for he to catch he breath . judge bazile ( cont ’d ) yes Frank . frank beazely we ask the court for leniency . I incorrectly tell the loving it be okay to return home together for the birth of they child . it uh , it be my mistake . this foil the judge 's response . he re-calibrate for a moment , pretend to study a paper in front of he . frank beazely ( cont ’d ) you honor ... judge bazile hold up a hand . judge bazile okay . ext . caroline county courthouse - day 86 Richard and mild stand beside Frank beazely in front of the courthouse door . Richard hold he hand out to Frank . richard thank you . Frank do not take it . frank beazely do not come back here again . you do and you go to prison . this do not happen a second time . with that , Frank beazely straighten he tie and relieve himself of they company . mild and Richard be leave alone in front of the courthouse . the town go about its business around they . mild straighten she coat . ext . D.C. neighborhood STREET - day 87 Winter have arrive in the city . 88 89 90 91 92 45 . a light sleet fall but do not stick to the street . the tree in front of the row house have lose its leave . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 88 mild stand at the irone board . she bob slightly to soothe the cry baby on she hip . ext . job site - day 89 Richard work in the snow . the rhythmic routine of brick after brick . ext . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 90 the tree out front be cover in lush green leave . a box fan at the top of the stoop fight against a hot summer day . Richard play on the sidewalk with sidney , now a two - year - old toddler . Richard mark the sidewalk with chalk and sidney jump across the newfound line . mild emerge from the house hold a new baby , donald . she ease herself onto a step in front of the box fan and watch Richard and sidney as she feed Donald a bottle . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / child 's bedroom - night 91 sidney , now age four , rush into the bedroom closely trail by Donald , a two - year-old . sidney leap onto the twin bed against the wall and bounce on he knee as Donald scramble up to join he . mild enter . she be once again pregnant . she pull back the cover on the twin bed as the boy climb in together . she cover they up as they fidget into place . mild grab a child 's book off the floor . she hold up a patient hand to quiet the boy and open the book to read . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 92 in the kitchen , 93 46 . mild spoon applesauce to peggy , a baby , sit in a high chair wear a pink dress . the doorbell ring . mild quickly wipe at Peggy 's face and scoops she out of the high chair . in the front room , mild rush to the front door and call upstairs . mildre sidney ! Don ! come on down ! she open the door to find garnet stand there . mild throw herself at she sister . hugging she fiercely . garnet smile at this , but the hug be severe . mild pull back and garnet see the tear in she eye . mild take she by the hand and drag she inside . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. - later 93 garnet sit on the couch hold Peggy . mild sit close to she . Donald and sidney run up , then down the stair . garnet ..- and Sue and Terry send they love . they just have a little girl too . mildre really ? garnet they second . mildre oh . a boom as sidney jump from a high stair and hit the floor . he dare Donald . sidney you go . mildre sidney , do not jump in the house . the boy disappear back up the stair . garnet smile as she watch they go . 94 95 47 . garnet they be big . mildre yes . I hate it for ‘em . it 's like they be cage . not even any grass to run in . garnet can not think of a response . mildre ( cont 'd ) and daddy ? garnet he 's fine . he stay up in that chair more than in the field . I tell momma if he do not start get some work do Mr. bank liable to find someone else for it . clay say he have have to ... as garnet continue , mild watch she but can not help feel distant even with she there . ext . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 94 mild hold Peggy in one arm and keep Donald at she leg with the other . sidney be on the step behind they . garnet honk the horn and throw a wave from the window as she drive away . mild watch she go . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / kitchen - night 95 Richard hold baby Peggy on he lap at the dinner table and help sidney put a puzzle together . Donald watch intently from he seat . mild be at the sink wash dish . her back be to they . richard how be you sister ? mildre she 's fine . mild do not turn , do not engage . Richard pick up on it . he watch she slowly scrubbing at the dish . 48 . 96 int . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 96 mild sit on the couch brush Peggy 's hair . she be now two - year - old . the television play in front of they . image of the 1963 civil rights march on Washington show on the screen . Laura walk in the front door carry two grocery bag . she pause in front of the television to watch the march . a commotion upstairs send mild 's attention there . mildre you boy stop that wrestlin 's ! come help miss Laura with this grocery ! LAURA they say over a hundred thousand people be there . Laura move into the kitchen . from there , LAURA ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) can you imagine ? mild speak low , to herself . mildre might as well be half way ' round the world . LAURA ( 0.s. ) what ? mildre nothing . Laura walk back in hold item from she grocery bag . LAURA you know what you need to do ? mildre what ? LAURA you need to write Bobby Kennedy . mild laugh this off . 97 98 99 49 , LAURA ( cont 'd ) I be serious . that 's what he 's up there for . Laura go back into the kitchen , continue she think . LAURA ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) all this talk of civil rights . you need to get you some civil rights . mild shake she head at this . she watch the image . she notice Peggy 's face , engross by the tv . mild 's eye go back to the image . ext . cousin 's row house in D.C. - continuous 97 a view from the rooftop of they row house in d.c . the neighborhood expands into the distance . a faint din can be hear . it 's the sound of the civil rights march , just over a mile from they house . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / bedroom - day 98 mild stare blankly at the wall . she 's lose in think , and this continue for a long moment . she sit at a desk in the bedroom hold a pen . eventually , she eye move down to sheet of loose notebook paper set out in front of she . she put the pen to the paper and begin write in a handsome cursive . it read : '' dear Sir : I be write to you concern a problem we have ... '' int . cousin 's row house in d.c . - night 99 Richard enter the dark house carry he item from work . his clothes be dusty from a day 's labor . he walk into the kitchen . in the kitchen , Richard take a seat at the table . he set he lunch pail and tool bag down . he 's beat . 100 50 . mild enter . without a word , she go to the sink to get he a glass of water . richard they in bed ? mildre yes . she place the glass in front of he and move behind he . she rub at he shoulder . he relax at this . richard sorry I miss ‘em . they ask for I ? mildre Peggy do , but she go down fine . will you get Saturday off ? richard I hope . he take she wrist and guide she around the chair . she sit in he lap . he lay he head on she shoulder , close he eye . she kiss he forehead . they sit quietly together in the dark house . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 100 in the child 's room , Peggy have grow . she 's nearly three . the boy have too . Peggy watch Donald play a game try to get a ball ona string into a cup . sidney read a book on the bed . peggy my turn . my turn . my turn . Donald do not agree . he continue . mild enter with a basket of laundry . mildre sidney , get up and strip that sheet for I ? sidney do . the phone begin to ring downstairs . on she way out , 51 . mildre ( cont 'd ) Don , give Peggy a turn . 101 int . cousin be row house - kitchen - day 101 mild rush to catch the phone , balance the laundry basket on she hip . mildre byrd residence . bernie cohen ( 0.s. ) ( through the phone ) hello , I be call to speak to a mild love . mildre this be she . bernie cohen ( 0.s. ) hello Mrs. love , my name be Bernard Cohen , I be a lawyer that be refer to you by the aclu . be you familiar ? mildre I be sorry . no. bernie cohen ( 0.s. ) you write a letter to Attorney General Kennedy , be that right ? mild hesitates . mildre yes . bernie cohen ( 0.s. ) he be not able to help with you particular case and send you letter on to the american Civil liberty Union . the aclu contact I , I be a lawyer in Virginia , and we would like to help you with you case . mildre I see . Donald run into the room with the toy . Peggy be in hot pursuit . 52 . peggy momma ! momma ! mild cover the phone . mildre baby hush . don. the child be out the back door . bernie cohen ( 0.s. ) would it be possible for you and you husband to meet with I ? mildre I would have to check with my husband . bernie cohen ( 0.s. ) okay . I be base in Alexandria , but I have a office in d.c. if that be a concern . mildre well , as I say in my letter , we really can not afford a lawyer . bernie cohen ( 0.s. ) no mar ’am . the aclu would take care of any fee . mild nearly drop the phone . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) Mrs. love ? be you there ? mildre yes , we will see you . bernie cohen wonderful . i’11 have my secretary call you back to set up a time . Nice speak to you Mrs. love . the line be disconnect but mild keep the phone in she hand until it beep . 102 int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / bedroom - night 102 Richard stand at the dresser prepping for a shower . he remove he watch and take out he wallet . 53. Donald stand with he shirt off watch mild as she darn it with a needle and thread . mildre I get a call from a lawyer today . richard lawyer ? mildre yes , from the american Civil liberty Union . Robert Kennedy tell he to call we . Richard continue undress , not take it in . mild finish the shirt and hand it to Donald . mildre ( cont 'd ) go help you sister brush she tooth . Donald exit as he pull the mend shirt over he head . mildre ( cont 'd ) they would like to help with we case . richard we can not afford a lawyer . mildre they say they would not charge we . this stop Richard . he 's pay attention now , but look skeptical . mildre ( cont 'd ) we be go to see he on Thursday . his name be Cohen . Richard give a faint nod . mild smile and exit to the child 's room . Richard process what may have be a ambush . 103 int . office build hallway - day 103 Polished shoe tap along a linoleum hallway . bernie cohen ( 29 ) be a dapper man in a suit and hat . he carry a briefcase and walk with a confident stride . he enter a glass door . 104 105 54 . int . law office - continuous 104 a secretary sit at a desk just inside the law office . bernie cohen hi , I be Bernard Cohen . I be in from Richmond . I talk to Jack about use he office for a few hour . secretary yes Mr. Cohen , do you know it ? bernie cohen third door ? secretary yes . bernie walk to a connect hall but turn back on he way . bernie cohen my client be Mr. and Mrs. love . could you send they down when they arrive ? secretary certainly . bernie find the third door . there be a name plate there read '' jack GREEN . '' Cohen slip the plate out of its holder and place it in he jacket pocket . from the same pocket , he produce a plate of he own and slide it into the slot on the door . it now read '' bernard cohen . '' he enter . int . D.C. law office - continuous 105 the office be tidy and nicely furnish . bernie immediately go to the desk and begin gather up a collection of frame contain picture of the other lawyer 's family . he go behind the desk and place the frame in the top drawer . he lay out a pad and pen from he briefcase . there be a knock at the door . Cohen take a seat in the desk chair and ready himself . 55 . bernie cohen come in . the door open and mild enter , follow by Richard . bernie immediately stand and come around to offer he hand . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) Mrs. love ? mildre yes . bernie cohen so nice to meet you . please , have a seat . he turn to Richard and they shake hand . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) Bernard Cohen . it 's a pleasure . Richard sit , stay quiet . bernie take note of he demeanor as he go back behind the desk . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) thank you for come in today . so as we discuss on the phone , the aclu would like to take on you case . I be actually a charter member of the aclu here in Virginia which be why they assign I to you . the bottom line be , we want to get you all some relief . mildre that 's very generous . thank you . bernie cohen I take the liberty of contact the courthouse in bowl Green and have start a file for you . now the first step be to appeal the sentence in caroline County . that will be we fastest route into Federal Court . the problem be ... richard Federal court ? bernie cohen yes , the goal be to try and get the Federal Court to hear this case so we can get ... 56 . richard ' scuse I , but I do not understand Federal Court . bernie cohen well I see it as the best route ... richard can not you just go talk to judge bazile ? I mean we be not hurtin’ anybody . can not you just go tell he that ? bernie cohen I do not think ... richard just talk to he . tell he if he let we back in the state we will not bother anybody . bernie take a moment , recalculate he approach . bernie cohen look , I do not think this be go to be resolve in judge bazile 's court , or probably any other court in the state of Virginia for that matter . I believe this be a court battle that could possibly go all the way to the high court in the land . Richard look at he blankly . bernie get specific . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) it be very likely that this case could go all the way to the Supreme Court . Richard 's eyebrow raise , incredulous . he slump back in he chair . it 's a dismissive posture . bernie look puzzle by this , unsure of he next move . mildre we be listen . see a ally in mild , he start back in with he focus toward she . 57 . bernie cohen we problem be that in order to appeal the judgment of conviction , we would have need to do so within 60 day . now give that it 's be five year since that conviction , we have to find a way to get this case back into the court . be you follow ? mild nod with a pleasant smile . Richard give a nod . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) I have give this some think and I have a somewhat unorthodox idea on how to do this , but in order to get this back into the stream of the court , give that you be currently on probation , my suggestion would be for the two of you to return to caroline County , get re-arrested , and then we will have a avenue for we appeal . Richard look at he as if he face be on upside down . richard you want we to get arrest again ? bernie cohen yes . it 's a idea . I of course would be there to bail you out . Richard look to mild . she catch he eye , but then look down . she try to keep she smile . richard we be not gonna do that . bernie chew on this , realize he misstep . bernie cohen right . that 's not ... I can see how that be a bad idea . I understand . look , I need to do some more think on this first issue , but again , bottom line , we be gonna get you all some help . mild smile at he and stand . she reach she hand out across the desk . mildre we appreciate you . we really do . 106 107 108 109 58 . Richard stand and shake bernie 's hand but be quickly out the door . mild follow . the door shut and bernie be leave alone . he lean back in the chair and let 's out a breath . he toss he pen down , displease with he performance . ext . downtown parking lot - day 106 Richard walk to they car five pace ahead of mild . without wait , he climb behind the wheel and crank the engine . he sit there in idle . mild , not hurry she walk , eventually make she way to the passenger side and climb in . the car pull out of the parking lot . i/e. richard 's car /d.c. neighborhood - moving - day 107 the two ride in silence . mild stare out at the city . mildre if it get we home , we will take they help . richard well . you get what you pay for . mild keep she eye out the window . ext . downtown job site - day 108 Richard stand at the base of tall scaffold . he stare up the side of a grow building under construction . a pallet of brick hang overhead be slowly lift up on a rig of pulley . Richard , he tool strapped around he waist , begin to climb the scaffold . ext . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 109 sidney , now six - year - old , rush down the stoop of they row house . he carry a baseball bat and fly into the street . Donald , now five , manage to stay on he heel . 112 113 59 . a car honk as the kid dart across its path untouched . sidney scrape he baseball bat over trash can as they disappear around the corner . ext . downtown job site - day 110 Richard be four storey up and still climb . foot follow hand . above he , the rope hold the pallet of brick creak as it run through the pulley . ext . D.C. neighborhood STREET - day 111 sidney play baseball in the street with a group of kide . Donald watch from the curb . Cars line the sidewalk . a pitch be throw and another boy tattoo the baseball send it bounce across the sidewalk toward a intersect street . Donald hop up to chase it . donald I get it ! ext . downtown job site - day 112 Richard halt he ascent . give he hand a rest , he wrap he arm over the scaffold and roll he wrist . the rope hold the pallet of brick slip in the pulley . the pallet fall several foot before catch with a snap . the brick bang against the plywood . Richard flinch at the sound . he look up to see the pallet slowly get pull up again . Richard continue he climb . ext . D.C. neighborhood STREET - day 113 sidney watch as Donald disappear between park car . a pickup - truck turn onto the street Donald be head for . 114 60 . the baseball roll across the street as the truck rumble toward it . Donald pop out from behind a park car . he flinch as the truck barrel toward he . tire squeal ! sidney 's eye go wide . sidney don! ext . D.C. neighborhood STREET - day 114 sidney 's foot sprinting through the neighborhood . int . cousin 's row house in D.C. / kitchen - day 115 mild stand at the irone board as Peggy , now three , sit at the kitchen table coloring a paper doll . from outside , sidney ( 0.s. ) momma ! momma ! sidney 's voice be shrill . mild immediately scoops Peggy up and rush outside . ext . cousin 's row house in d.c . - evening 116 the sun have just set . Richard drive down the street and park near the front of they house . he climb out , collect he thing from the back seat . Richard enter the house . int . cousin 's row house / entryway - continuous 117 the house be unexpectedly dark and quiet . Richard walk over and click on a lamp in the front room . he notice four packed suitcase line up by the stair . several box be stack next to they . Al 17 61 . Richard begin to look worried . richard mild ! mildre ( 0.s. ) up here ! Richard bound up the stair . he see a light on in the child 's room and head for it . int . cousin 's row house / child 's bedroom - continuous a117 Richard rush in to find mild sit next to Donald , who lie in bed with a wet towel press against he head . sidney hold Peggy on a opposite bed . richard what 's goin 's on ? mildre Donald get hit by a car today . Richard go to he . mildre ( cont 'd ) he 's fine . just scrape and bruise be all . Richard be immediately relieved but stay perch on the bed next to he . he run he hand gently over the boy 's chest . mild stand and exit the room . Richard watch she go , try to put thing together . he turn back to Donald . richard you okay ? Donald nod sullenly . int . cousin 's row house in d.c . - night 118 Richard reach the bottom of the stair in the front room to find mild sit rigid on the couch . 62 . mildre we be move back to the country . I do not care what they do to we . I will not raise my family here . Richard look at the luggage and box . he stand there for awhile . both be silent . Richard finally walk over and sit next to she on the couch . he place he arm around she . her face finally break . she lean into he . ext . cousin 's row house in D.C. - day 119 mild 's car be load with bag and box . sidney and Donald laugh play grab ass on the sidewalk . richard ya will get load up now . Richard leave the car door open and walk over to Laura and Alex at the bottom of the stoop . mild be there with Peggy . Richard shake Alex 's hand . richard ( cont 'd ) thanks Al . alex all right . he hug Laura , then grab Peggy and step back toward the car to herd the kid . richard come on now . mild hug Laura . LAURA just go on . mild exchange a smile with she . mildre thank you . Laura and Alex walk back inside as mild turn to the car . Richard have the kid load . mild get behind the wheel . 120 121 63 . richard I ' 1l see you tonight . Richard kiss she through the open driver 's window . he rap on the roof and eye the child in the backseat . richard ( cont 'd ) ya will be good . mild pull the car away . Richard take key out of he pocket and cross the street to he own car , which be also pack with box . ext . boarding house - evening 120 the three -story victorian - style board house stand secluded in the middle of farmland . the sun have recently set and a blue hue hang over everything . on the wrap around porch , a young black boy ( 9 ) sit in a rock chair next to he grandmother ( 72 ) . they be enjoy the night air . headlights appear and lead Richard 's car down the dirt drive . the Boy watch as Richard 's car pull around to the back of the house to park . the Boy get up and walk to the edge of the porch . he see Richard climb out of he car , one of many park in the back lot . Richard carry he tool toward a back door . the Boy run inside through the front entrance to the house . int . boarding house - continuous 121 in the MAIN sitting room , the Boy stand unseen in the front room . he spy on Richard walk in the back door near the kitchen . Richard disappear up a back set of stair . the Boy rush up the main stair . upstair , a long hallway show several numbered door . 122 123 64 . the Boy reach the top of the stair in time to spy Richard stand at a door at the end of the hallway . Richard knock lightly and check over he shoulder . he do not see the Boy . the door open and the Boy see mild there . Richard slip in . through the sliver , the Boy make out Donald and sidney jump on the bed behind mild . the door close . with the show over , the Boy disappear back downstairs . ext . boarding house - day 122 sidney , Donald and Peggy run alongside the field that border the house . the Boy from the porch run with they . they laugh , play tag and dodging in and out of the crop . int . boarding house / room - continuous 123 Richard pull back a curtain to see outside . he spot the child play . mild sit on the bed and Raymond stand against the door . raymond my cousin have a house he might rent out . mildre I think Jim 's brother say it be fine here . richard I do not trust it . too many people . ( to Raymond ) where be it ? raymond King and Queen County . just a farmhouse up there . I figure it get you out of the county but keep you close . you will be on you own out there . it do not have no phone or nothin’ . but no one 's gonna find you less they know to look . I can get word to you when you need it . 124 125 65 . richard how much you think he have want for it ? raymond he will be fair . Richard nod . he have not take he eye off the window . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - day 124 red-winged black bird glide over a roll hillside plant with corn . mild steer the car up a gravel path with Peggy and Donald beside she . she study the tree canopy that line the drive and then slow the car to a stop . mild take in the house up ahead . it 's perfect . a white farmhouse with a wide porch . there be multiple out building and a massive oak tree in the yard . grass everywhere lead to roll farmland . a horn honk behind she , snap she out of the gaze . Richard be with sidney in the car behind they . mild pull ahead . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - moment later 125 mild have park near the house . she step out of the car . the child burst off the front seat and sprint for the house . they start run circle around it . Richard park nearby . sidney jump out and join he sibling . Richard begin untying the luggage on the roof . mild meanwhile slip off she shoe . she put she foot in the grass . close she eye , she take a breath and curl she toe . Richard watch she , happy to see she there . he take in the property . it 's a nice spot with a high vantage point . you can see who might be come in multiple direction . Richard go back to the luggage . 126 127 128 66 . int . king and queen county farmhouse / kitchen - day 126 Richard , dress for work , enter the kitchen to kiss mild goodbye . richard I will try and get home ' fore dark . mildre we will be fine . Richard be out the door . mild sit at the kitchen table as a pot of something steam on the stove . she be in the middle of write another letter . a portion of it read : '' , .. we have not hear anything from you for so long we have give up hope . '' int . bernie cohen' law office - day 127 bernie sit behind he desk read mild 's latest letter . he mouth a collection of the word . bernie put the letter down , frustrated . he think for a moment and then press the intercom button on he phone . bernie cohen martha , I need you to call Chet antieau 's office at georgetown and try to set a meeting . int . georgetown university / antieaus office - day 128 a secretary knock at a office door . chet antieau ( 0.s. ) come in . the Secretary enter and find chet antieau ( 51 ) sit in a high back chair talk with phil hirschkop ( 27 ) , a baby - face man with dark hair wear a neat blue suit . phil hirschkop I would never see anything like it . no matter how many time I go down there I find something that surprise I . 67 . antieau' secretary Excuse I . the Secretary set a note down in front of Chet who give it a glance . chet antieau oh yes , please bring he back . the Secretary exit . chet antieau ( cont ’d ) this be good timing . I want you to meet a former student of mine . he call about a case you may find interesting . phil hirschkop sure , what 's it about ? at that moment , bernie Cohen be show into the room . he enter with a smile and a hand extend to Chet . bernie cohen hello Professor , thanks for see I . Chet stand to shake . chet antieau my pleasure . you come at a good time bernie . this be phil hirschkop , he 's a brilliant civil rights lawyer . phil scoff at this . chet antieau ( cont ’d ) be it all right if he join we ? bernie cohen please . it 's nice to meet you . phil hirschkop ( shaking hand ) you too . bernie take a seat in the open chair . chet antieau so what 's the problem ? 129 68. bernie cohen well , I be a bit stump . the aclu refer this case to I concern a interracial couple that be marry in d.c . they be arrest for live together in Virginia and the judge suspend they prison sentence under order that they leave the state for 25 year . I file a motion to vacate the judgement with judge bazile , the original trial judge in caroline County , but he 's stonewall I . he 's have my motion under advisement for month , and I feel like he could keep it that way until he retire . of course the aclu see this , and I agree , as a potential contender to repeal anti - miscegenation law nationwide . I just need to get the ball roll as it be . Chet look over to phil , whose eyebrow be raise . phil hirschkop that 's a remarkable case . bernie cohen I be stick . ext . georgetown university - evening 129 bernie and phil walk through the campus continue what have be a very long conversation . bernie cohen but that may not solve the issue . phil hirschkop it 's a very delicate situation because by appeal you open up the possibility of send both of they to prison . I think regardless you file the 1983 motion explain you complaint . it ’1ll force bazile 's hand and get you in front of a federal three - judge panel . phil check he watch . 69 . phil hirschkop ( cont 'd ) look , I be catch a plane to New York tonight . i’11 work up a draft on the plane and find you Monday . bernie cohen that 's great . that 's just great . thank you . phil hirschkop bernie , if you do not mind I ask , how much experience do you have with constitutional law ? bernie cohen some . bernie take a moment , then amend . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) very little . phil hirschkop you realize this case could alter the constitution of the United States ? bernie cohen I do . phil smile at he . phil hirschkop I x11 call you on Monday . phil walk away . bernie take a deep breath , leave alone with the ivy under the tower of healy Hall . 130 int . king and queen county farmhouse - day 130 lola help mild roll out dough in the kitchen . both wear apron and have flour up to they elbow . mildre I never can get mine to rise . lola it 's not you . it 's the humidity . just thick . Peggy , now four , run in and tug on she grandmother . 131 70 . peggy come look meme . come look . mildre Peggy . lola she 's fine . lola let herself get take outside . lola ( cont 'd ) what you want from you meme ? ext . king and queen county farmhouse - continuous 131 Richard stand on a ladder hammer together a wooden frame against the doorway of one of the out building . it will hold a winch to lift the motor that sit rusting nearby . Peggy drag lola onto the porch to see a makeshift play table set for tea with a collection of doll . she pick one up . peggy lilly will not share she tea . lola she must be upset . Richard , from the vantage point of the ladder , see Raymond 's car tear toward the house . Dust fly . Richard watch , but a panic slowly take over . he slide off the ladder and run toward the house . richard bean ! call the boy ! Peggy take meme inside . Richard run down the drive toward Raymond 's car . the car slide to a stop in a cloud of dust . Raymond climb out , in no real hurry . Richard arrive out of breath . his hand hit he knee . richard ( cont 'd ) what be it ? raymond I get a message for you . 132 71 . richard what ? raymond that lawyer call . say he need to meet with ya will . Richard stand straight . he look back at the house to hear mild call for the boy from the porch . his attention go back to he friend . richard Raymond , why you drive so fast like that ? raymond what you mean ? that 's how I always drive . Richard shake he head , slowly come around . he snort out a laugh and walk back toward the house . raymond ( cont 'd ) what ? int . bernie cohen' law office - day 132 bernie sit behind the desk in he office as phil , in a chair on he leave , read from a file . phil hirschkop ( read ) almighty God create the race white , black , yellow , malay , and red , and he place they on separate continent . mild and Richard listen from wing chair face they . Richard be slouched in dirty work clothes . phil hirschkop ( cont 'd ) ...- and but for the interference with he arrangement there would be no cause for such marriage . the fact that he separate the race show that he do not intend for the race to mix . phil look up from the paper and smile at the loving . phil hirschkop ( cont 'd ) I know it sound strange , but this be really wonderful . 72 . Richard squirm in he seat , not convinced . phil hirschkop ( cont 'd ) by issue this ruling , judge bazile have really give we a road map to the Supreme Court . mildre I be sorry , I be confuse . he rule against we , again . bernie cohen that 's right , but now we be allow to appeal this ruling to the state . from there , if they rule against you , we will have a chance at the Supreme Court . Richard just stay quiet . mild nod politely . mildre that sound wonderful . bernie cohen now , a little bit of housekeep , life Magazine contact we about send a photographer out to you all . keeping the possibility of the Supreme Court in mind , I think it 's a fair idea to raise the profile of you case , but I of course want you all to be comfortable with it . mild look over to Richard , who shrug . mildre that will be fine . bernie cohen okay , great . we will set that up . mild raise out of she seat and shake phil 's hand . Richard follow she lead . mildre thank you for everything . bernie stand and escort they to the door . they exit . bernie close the door behind they . he turn and look at phil who be still in he chair . 133 73. phil hirschkop you know bernie , I have spend a lot of time down South , between the march and work with kunstler , and one thing I can tell you , that guy look like a redneck . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - day 133 Richard strain against the chain that lift the rusted motor through the winch . it hang precariously above a cavity in a empty car 's hood . Richard lock off the chain with a hook on the side of the outbuild and go to start push the car away . something catch he eye . he raise up . a man approach on foot up the drive . Richard walk over and make himself know . the man be tall , stand 6 ' 4 '' . he wear a lean suit , carry a suitcase , and have a camera dangle from he neck . this be grey villet ( 39 ) . grey hold a hand up to wave as he approach . grey villet hello . Richard stand he ground . grey approach and hold out a hand . Richard take it tentatively . grey villet ( cont ’d ) grey villet . life Magazine . what you get there , a v8 ? grey do not seem the least bit flustered by Richard give he a wary eye . he make he way over to the dangle engine . grey villet ( cont ’d ) what 's the trouble ? Richard allow himself to be draw in . richard camshaft . grey villet then you be a better mechanic than I . 134 74 . grey walk toward the house , not stop to speak . grey villet ( cont ’d ) of course all that rust on the crankshaft would be you second chore . you wife inside ? as grey walk up to the house , mild step out onto the porch . grey continue approach with a wave . grey villet ( cont ’d ) Mrs. love , grey villet , life Magazine . something smell good in there . May I ? grey wipe he foot and disappear inside . mild follow . Richard be leave by the rusty motor . he smile at the oddity of this man . int . king and queen county farmhouse / kitchen - night 134 laughter . the family sit around the dinner table hang on one of grey 's storey . grey villet «-+- I could not go back with no photo . no photo , no job , and this be life Magazine and the pigeon guy be not around . donald ( laugh ) pigeon guy . grey villet so I look up at this office building and it hit I . I go 55 storey up and talk some office girl to let I by the window . before they could do anything , I throw open the window and dangle my foot out . they start scream , but I get this great shot of my foot fly over 42nd and 5th Avenue . richard so what happen ? grey villet Security throw I out head first . 135 136 75 . this make Richard laugh . grey villet ( cont ’d ) life hire I the next day . Richard finish off he plate . richard that 's a story all right . int . king and queen county farmhouse / kitchen - later 135 mild stand at the sink clean up the dish . grey stand next to she hold he camera . behind they in the de , Richard cross from the couch to join the kid upstairs , who can be hear play . grey villet so you go to the Virginia State Court tomorrow . mildre yes . grey villet you nervous ? mildre I suppose . the lawyer tell we not to expect much . grey villet you think you 'il lose ? mildre well , yes . but I think it 's all right . we may lose the small battle but win the big war . grey smile at she . he snap a photo , make she blush . int . king and queen county farmhouse / den - night 136 grey sit on the floor with he back against the wall . a cigarette dangle from he lip as he polish the face of he watch . his camera sit next to he . the kid be in bed . mild and Richard sit on the couch next to each other watch the Andy griffith show on tv . they laugh at the episode . 137 76 . grey watch as Richard make himself more comfortable . he stretch out on the couch , place he head on mild 's lap . it 's a delicate pose . a happy one . grey quietly reach for he camera and snap a quick shot from he chest . he gently set the camera back down and go back to polish the watch . ext . virginia supreme court build - day 137 Richard and mild walk hand and hand out of the massive Virginia Supreme Court Building in Richmond . mild wear a long coat and Richard be dress in a three button suit and tie . reporter , armed with film and still camera , track they down the sidewalk . Richard walk stiff as a board . phil hirschkop Mr. love ? Richard and mild turn at the sound of phil 's voice . phil be stand by one of the many film crew and wave they back toward he . Richard and mild walk back . phil hirschkop ( cont 'd ) they just want to ask you a few question . a news anchor with a large microphone approach and speak to mild first . news reporter Mrs. love ... he pause to address he camera man . news reporter ( cont 'd ) you roll ? ( to mild ) Mrs. love , the Virginia Supreme Court just rule against you , how do you feel about what happen here today ? mildre well , I feel hopeful . I be hopeful . 77 . news reporter where be you go now ? mildre I guess we will go back to Washington . news reporter you will go back to Washington . Mr. love , do you have anything to say about what go on in the court today ? richard no I do not have anything to say . news reporter okay . mild nod to the reporter and Richard have already turn to leave . she keep hold of he hand . news reporter ( cont 'd ) okay , cut Tommy . Richard and mild try to walk toward they car . phil walk close behind they . bernie be give a interview to a different camera crew when he see they pass by . bernie cohen Mr. and Mrs. love ? bernie walk over to they with the camera Crew in tow . phil take a position next to he . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) I want you all to know , with this travel back and forth to Virginia , you all have my number and if anybody arrest you , just have they get in touch with we and we ’1ll hop right to it . we will not let you stay in jail one minute longer than it take we to get down there and get you out , okay ? richard okay . bernie cohen all right . good luck to you . 138 139 78. Richard reach out to shake both bernie and phil 's hand . phil hirschkop you do a good job today . Richard , painfully shy in front of the camera , sheepishly smile . mild give a polite laugh . richard well thank you , I sure appreciate what ya will 's do . bernie cohen it 's all right . okay . see you . Richard and mild walk to they car . Richard check over he shoulder , rattle by the whole affair . the camera Crew have back off and be pack up they equipment . phil and bernie wave as the love 's car pull away . phil lean in to bernie . phil hirschkop you know there 's no guarantee that we can get they out if they get arrest again ? bernie watch the news media wrapping up . show unease now that the camera be off , he nod to phil . ext . power station job site - day 138 Richard work at a big job site out in the country . the 20 man crew be construct a power station . Richard , along with a few other , set brick for a substation . the routine be there . Brick and mortar . ext . rural job site - later - afternoon 139 Richard have wrap up he work for the day and walk over to he car . it 's one of many park nearby . other Crew mingle about in the lot . Richard throw he tool into the backseat and reach for the driver 's door . he pause . 140 141 79 . Richard check over he shoulder to see if anyone be watch he . though see other worker , no one be look at he . Richard open the door and lean in . he pick up a brick that have be place on the driver 's seat . it be wrap in the spread from life Magazine complete with grey villet 's photo . Richard tear off the magazine page and cram they in he pocket . he drop the brick to the ground and climb in . i/e. richard 's car / back road - moving - afternoon 140 Richard drive through the back country on a rural road . he continually check the rearview . a truck appear behind he . Richard study it , not change he speed . the truck hang back at a distance . Richard come to a turn and take it sharply . again , he maintain he speed , study the rearview . the truck turn in behind he . still at a distance . Richard push down on the pedal and speed up . the truck follow suit . Richard 's speedometer climb higher and higher . he eye the rearview and see the truck have maintain its distance . Richard be nervous . he approach a curve . once around , Richard floor the car . the engine chug as he fly down the back road . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - evening 141 the sun have almost disappear behind the field that surround the farmhouse . Richard 's car fly down the gravel drive and skid to a stop near the house . he jump out and rush to the porch . 142 80 . richard sidney ! Richard watch the drive to see if anyone appear . sidney , now eight year old , walk out of the house . he immediately can see he dad be on edge . Richard take he by the shoulder . richard ( cont 'd ) run over to the neighbor house and ask to use they phone . call Raymond . tell he to get over here and bring he gun . go through the field . sidney run off without question . mild poke she head out of the front door . mildre everything okay ? richard it 's fine . just go on inside . mild look concerned but can sense the tone in Richard 's voice . she return inside . Richard go back to stare at the distant tree line that border they house . he watch , and wait . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - night 142 headlights light up the side of the house as Raymond 's car rumble up the drive . the light wash over Richard , who have not move from he post on the porch . Richard step down into the yard as Raymond climb out of he car . he reach into the backseat and take out a shotgun . Raymond walk toward Richard . richard thanks for come . 143 144 81 . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - night 143 it 's late . Richard still stand guard on the porch . Raymond have take a seat . he smoke a cigarette with the shotgun set across he lap . raymond that truck may just be goin 's fishin’ . richard could be . raymond you ever hear from anyone at you work about it ? richard not to my face . Raymond study he friend . he shake he head . raymond I will say this Rich , nobody 's gonna tell you what you can not do . Richard wish he could smile at this . int . king and queen county farmhouse / kitchen - day 144 Peggy eat a popsicle and stare at the telephone man install a phone in they kitchen . the man 's head be tuck near the wall finish some wiring . he lift the receiver off its base and find a dial tone . telephone man you be all set . mild move from the stove , wiping she hand on a apron . mildre thank you . she open the back door for the man to let he out . peggy who we gonna call mamma ? mildre I do not want you callin’ anybody . 145 146 147 82. Peggy stare at the phone finish off she dessert . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - continuous 145 mild step outside in time to see the telephone man 's truck pull away . another car be park in the yard . garnet and they mother be climb out of it . garnet have to balance she weight as she be pregnant and show . mildre how would that go ? garnet Doctor say she will be fine . just put she on aspirin . who be that ? mildre telephone man . Richard have they install a phone . momma you feel okay ? musiel yes . you have some tea I can drink ? mildre come on . mild shepherd she mother inside as garnet follow . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - late afternoon 146 Richard park he car near the house . he get out with he tool and study a van park in the yard . he walk inside . int . king and queen county farmhouse / den - late afternoon 147 Richard enter the house and be surprised to see a two person film crew stand in they de . the interviewer , a young woman , hold a microphone . a young man hold the camera . they film mild on the couch as the child play around they . 148 149 83. richard mild . come here . Richard walk outside on the porch . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - continuous 148 Richard pace on the porch . mild step outside and he get close . he speak in a force whisper . richard I do not want that people here . I be do with all this camera . Richard step back , wait for mild to do something . mildre I think it 's important . this people want to help we . mild walk back into the house . Richard bite at he lip , frustrated . int . king and queen county farmhouse / den - continuous 149 Richard walk back inside . mild be on the couch again be interview . mildre ... it 's the principle . it 's the law . I do not think it 's right . and if we do win we will be help a lot of people . Richard walk over and take a seat in a chair . Peggy walk up and lean against she father . mildre ( cont 'd ) and I know we have some enemy , but we have some friend too . so it really do not make any difference about my enemy . mild give a polite smile . Richard look up and see that the Young man have point the camera at he . he look down , try to avoid it all . 150 151 84 . ext . drag racing park —- day 150 this strip be big . it 's a rally with car line up wait for they turn on the track . people mingle around , drink and watch car race . Richard stand on the track at the rear of they car . Raymond be beside he . they car idle next to another vehicle at the start line . percy stand near the front of the car watch Virgil behind the wheel . a pole of light cycle to green and the car launch off the start line . the race be over quickly , with Virgil barely pull out a win . richard car look good . raymond it 's runnin 's all right . int . juke joint - night 151 the small shack be fill with music and people dance . Richard sit at a table with percy , Raymond and Virgil . they be well into a bottle of liquor and not bother with setup . virgil I miss you Rich . Hell I can say it . percy , do not you miss Rich ? with a shrug , percy yeah . richard I miss you too Virgil . virgil so what 's with all this ? richard all a what ? 85 . virgil what you get . you just make it too hard now . Richard fend this with a half smile and nod . virgil ( cont 'd ) see you think I be crazy but you know what hard be now do not you ? richard yeah . Raymond keep a watchful eye on Virgil . virgil you white Richard . you think you like a black man but you white . you hang ' round all this black folk but when you go to work you still white . but not now . now you know what it 's like . you black now be not you ? you a damn fool . raymond come on now . virgil he need to hear it . every nigga up in here wish he be you Rich , and you be not get sense enough for it . but see you get the fix . I be not get no fix . yourn easy . all you gotta do be divorce she . that 's easy . that 's all you gotta do . richard divorce she ? virgil that 's right . easy . Richard smile and nod . richard I be gonna divorce she . virgil that 's all you gotta do . Richard 's smile fade as he pick up the bottle and pour another round . he slam back the drink . Raymond stare down Virgil , who be oblivious . 152 153 86 . int . king and queen county farmhouse / bedroom - night 152 mild lift she head off the pillow when she hear Richard enter the room . he take a seat on the end of the bed and remove he boot . she can not see he face . he sit there , quiet . until finally mumble , inaudible . mildre come to bed . richard we be talk to lawyer near ten year now . mildre let 's go to bed . mild try to see he face but can not . she move to the end of the bed to sit next to he . richard I can take care of you . mild can see he 's drunk and speak slightly dismissive . mildre I know that . she put she hand on he back . he finally look at she . his eye have tear in they . she have rarely see he like this . richard I can take care of you . mild begin to nod . mildre I know . Richard look down . int . king and queen county farmhouse - day 153 Richard , he heavy coat on , step outside the front door . 154 155 87 . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - day 154 the ground be cover in snow . the field and tree be all white with ice . Richard crunch across the yard to a wood pile and begin gather up a stack . a shiny black lincoln be park in the yard . int . king and queen county farmhouse / kitchen - day 155 Richard enter the kitchen with the wood . bernie and phil be seat at the kitchen table across from mild . bernie sip a hot cup of coffee . bernie cohen it 's good . Richard add the wood to the stove and take a seat at the table next to mild . bernie can not contain he smile . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) so I have some really terrific news . the Supreme Court of the United States have agree to hear we case . mildre ooh ! mild 's hand go to she face , ecstatic . phil hirschkop of course , the state of Virginia will mount they defense , but we be feel very good about we chance here . you have get the full weight of the aclu behind this . mildre it 's a miracle . mild grab Richard 's hand . Richard have not move , nor smile . richard what 's they defense ? bernie cohen I be sorry ? 88. richard Virginia . how be they gonna defend what they do to we ? bernie cohen I guess we will not really know until the hearing , but it 's expect they 'il use a defense similar to something they have use before . richard and what 's that ? bernie look to phil . they realize they can not avoid it . phil hirschkop it 's you kid . richard we kid ? bernie cohen yes . the state of Virginia will argue that it 's unfair to bring child of mix race into the world . they believe they be bastard . Richard stare at bernie on this point . it 's rare for he to make this much eye contact . bernie look down . after a moment , bernie try to pick thing up . bernie cohen ( cont 'd ) now , as the defendant in this case , you both be allow to come hear the argument . richard no . we will not need to do that . bernie cohen well it 's a very big honor to sit in front of the Supreme Court . very few people ... richard no . that 's fine . scuse I . Richard stand and leave the room . bernie look at mild , who just smile . bernie cohen mild ? 156 157 89 . mildre I would not go without he . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - day 156 Richard stand on the porch smoking a cigarette . he look out over the cold landscape . bernie exit the house and take a place on the step . bernie cohen you know , Richard , it 's of course up to you not to attend , but you should know , the Supreme Court only hear maybe 1 out of 400 case . it 's historic . richard thank you Mr. Cohen . bernie be stump . bernie cohen well . be there anything you want I to tell they , and of course by they I mean the justice of the Supreme Court of the United States ? Richard think on this for awhile . he nod . richard yeah . tell the judge , tell the judge I love my wife . this strike bernie . he understand Richard , possibly for the first time . ext . job site - morning 157 sunlight break through just above the horizon . the snow have all melt . spring have start , signal by bud sprout on the tree . Richard arrive at work alongside other worker . he make he way to a newly start wall of brick , set down he work bag and begin take out he tool for the day . 158 159 160 161 90 . ext . supreme court of the UNITED states - day 158 several car idle at the curb . phil , accompany by he father , climb out of the first car . bernie climb out of the other . he reach in for he wife and lean down to address he Secretary , who be drive . bernie cohen you be okay to park ? thanks martha . bernie shut the door . both car drive away . he turn and be stop by the sight in front of he . the Supreme Court of the United States . it 's a massive stone building with expansive white step lead up to it . it 's both daunt and inspiring . bernie look to phil , who be also pause to take in the breadth of the building . they look at one another , nervous yet determine , and begin make they way up the step . int . king and queen county farmhouse - day 159 mild sit in they bedroom at a push pedal sewing machine . she run fabric through , pause occasionally to inspect she stitching . int . supreme court of the UNITED states - day 160 a microphone stand empty atop a lectern . phil hirschkop approach . he look nervous , but speak with authority . phil hirschkop May it please the court ... ext . king and queen county farmhouse - day 161 sidney scale up a tree in the yard . he drag a braid rope up with he and begin tie it around a fat limb . 162 91 . phil hirschkop ( v.o. ) you have before you today what we consider the most odious of the segregation law and the slavery law , and we view of this law , and we hope to clearly show be that this be a slavery law . Donald and Peggy stare up at they brother in the tree . the rope begin to dangle of its own accord , and they quickly take hold . swing , they laugh and shout . phil hirschkop ( v.o. ) we ask that the Court consider the full spectrum of this law and not just the criminality , because it 's more than the criminality that 's at point here . Richard patch a board on one of the out building . he pause at the cackle of the child . phil hirschkop ( v.o. ) it 's the legitimacy of child , the right to inherit land , and many , many rights ... he watch they play at the tree . there could not be a happier place . int . king and queen county farmhouse / kitchen - day 162 Donald stand on a chair at the sink fill a pitcher with water . mild bounce between the table and the stove . she set plate , stir a boil pot , and guide Donald all at once . mildre just stir it now . chief justice warren ( v.o. ) Mr. Cohen . bernie cohen ( v.o. ) Mr. Chief justice may it please the court ... Donald grab a big spoon and begin stir as Peggy run in and find a spot nearby to observe . Richard enter with he hand on sidney 's head . he steer he toward the table and they take a seat . 163 164 165 92 . bernie cohen ( v.o. ) what be the danger to the state of Virginia of interracial marriage ? Peggy help Donald carry the heavy pitcher over to the table . Richard lean over in he chair to help make sure it find its way onto the table . bernie cohen ( v.o. ) what be the state of the danger to the people of interracial marriage ? mild bring a bowl of food over with she and the family find they respective spot at the table . bernie cohen ( v.o. ) Marriage be a fundamental right . scoop , pour , pass . the family eat . int . king and queen county farmhouse / bedroom - night 163 the boy 's bedroom be dark , light only by light from the hall . mild move from Donald 's bed to sidney 's . she straighten the cover at he neck . both boy be asleep . she quietly exit the room . int . king and queen county farmhouse / hallway - cont 164 mild find Richard stand in the hallway at Peggy 's door . he watch she through the doorway . she too be asleep in she bed . mild take he hand and they walk down the hall . Richard pull a chain on a bulb turn the hallway dark . they head toward the light spilling from the door of they own room . they enter , close the door behind they . the hallway be dark and the house be quiet . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - day 165 summer be in full swing , with the oak tree show bright , lush green leave . 166 167 168 93. it 's hot and Richard swipe a rag across he face and tuck he head back under the hood of one of he rusted car in the front yard . the child play nearby , roll a tire through the yard . int . king and queen county farmhouse / bedroom - day 166 mild gather clothes from a pile on the floor of they bedroom . she lift a pair of Richard 's pants off a chair and begin empty the pocket . the phone ring in the kitchen . mild take she time , add the pants to she pile and then walk out . int . king and queen county farmhouse / kitchen - cont 167 mild enter the kitchen and reach for the phone . mildre ( into the phone ) hello ? the voice on the line be barely audible . mildre ( cont 'd ) yes. hello Mr. Cohen . what 's that ? though the voice be unintelligible , excited shouting can be hear . mild smile at this . mildre ( cont 'd ) yes . I understand . yes . that 's wonderful news . the voice continue , but mild 's mind be already racing . she hold she head up , close she eye . mildre ( cont 'd ) I be here . okay . thank you . mild hang up the phone . she pause there , take in the moment . ext . king and queen county farmhouse - day 168 mild step onto the front porch . she shield she eye from the sun and scan the yard . 169 170 94 , she find the child with Richard by the car he 's work on . Richard chase they with they roll tire around and around the vehicle . the kid shout . Richard pause to catch he breath . he look up to see mild on the porch . she 's smile at he . Richard smile back . int . bernie cohen' law office - day 169 cameras roll and flash bulb pop . a row of reporter stand to one side of a conference room in bernie 's law office . all eye be on Richard and mild . they sit at a table cover with microphone in front of a wall line with shelf of law book . the reporter shout question . reporter ( a cacophony ) Mr. love ? Mrs. love ? what 's this mean for you family ? do you plan to return to Virginia ? Mr. love . how do it feel to have the Supreme Court of the United States rule in you favor ? Richard squint under the hot light . he look to mild , who be do the same . in front of the crowd , Richard reach he arm out and wrap it around mild 's neck . he pull she in close , they forehead touch . mild have tear in she eye and Richard be not far behind . ext . uncultivate field / construction site - late afternoon70 the rhythm of brick and mortar continue . Brick , then mortar , then brick . Richard be on he knee just have start a course of cinder block . 95 . sidney and Donald sit on a pallet of the block just behind he . they watch they father 's hand move quickly through the work . nearby , mild sit in the open door of they car . Peggy dig into a cooler at she foot . she produce a bottle of soda and hand it to she mother . mild find a opener and snap off the cap . mildre take that to you father . Peggy run toward Richard . a foundation have be readied in the field where Richard first propose to mild . Richard work at the edge of that foundation , slowly building up what will be the front wall of the house . Peggy run the bottle to she father . he pause for a sip . Blue sky hang over it all . over the image , text : love v. Virginia make the prohibition of marriage base on race unconstitutional . the Supreme Court state that marriage be a inherent right . text : Seven year after the Court 's decision , Richard love be kill by a drunk driver . mild never remarry and live the rest of she life in the home Richard build for they . text : though shy of press and ever reluctant to be call a hero , mild be interview shortly before she death in 2008 . she speak of Richard , say , '' I miss he . he take care of I . '' as wind pass through the leave that look out over the lower field , mild walk over to join she family . the end .