fade in : ext . the full moon , close night it nearly fill the screen , swim mysteriously in the warm late summer air . SOUND : cricket . the camera pan slowly down to : ext . train track in the country night - and moonlight credit begin . a rail - rider come chugge along the track . aboard be arnie westrum , a big man in a strappy T-shirt and chino pants . he be drink beer . arnie ( sing ) my beer be rheingold the dry beer ... think of rheingold whenever you buy beer ... he drain the rest of he own bottle of rheingold and toss it to one side . up ahead we see a switch point . arnie throw the rail - rider into neutral , open the toolbox on the back , and bring out a big five - cell flashlight . he shine it on the switch . he get a crowbar from the toolbox , plus a big wrench , a pair of plier , a hammer , and a pair of work glove . he also get another bottle of beer and stick it into he back pocket . arnie jump down and approach the switch . credit continue . ext . arnie , at the switching point night he drop he tool , pull on he work glove , and train the light on the switch for a moment . during this : arnie ( sing ) it 's not bitter , not sweet , it 's a real frosty treat , will not you try , will not you buy rheingold beer ... he try the switch . no go . it 's freeze . arnie stuck tighter and dogshit in a deep freeze ! he take the bottle of beer from he back pocket and fish a churchkey from one of the front one . he pop the cap and drink deeply . he burp . then he screw the half - empty bottle of beer into the cinder so it will not fall over . then he pick up he crowbar . credit continue . ext . the rail -rider night there 's a SOUND of bush shaking . something come out - something huge . it leap limberly onto the rail-rider . it be a werewolf with greenish - yellow eye . tatters of clothes still hang from it . what kind of monster , exactly ? it be humanoid as well as wolfish ... and when we learn who it be in its human form , we should be able to spot the resemblance at once ... and kick ourselves for not know earlier . it crouch there , huge and bushy and fange and deadly , on the whole rail-rider . credit conclude . ext . arnie night he 's work the crowbar into the junction point just as hard as he can . swear at it under he breath . suddenly , both the track and the switch move . arnie hot damn ! now ... a little oil ... he turn back toward the rail-rider . ext . arnie , arriving at the rail - rider night arnie it 's not bitter , not sweet ... it 's a big fuckin ' treat ... a noise - bush rattling ; cinder clinking and rattling . arnie look around . ext . the rail and the switching point , arnie' Pov night nothing there . his bottle of beer stand by the litter of he tool . ext . arnie , at the rail - rider night he 's root around in the toolbox , back to the switch point . ext . arnie' bottle of Beer , cu night a hairy hand / paw close around it - we see huge curve claw on that hand . ext . the werewolf's face , cu night glaring green - yellow eye ; a savage , beastial face which be still half human . that 's all we see . the rest be in shadow . it open its mouth and upend the bottle of beer . foamy rheingold begin gurgle down the werewolf 's throat . ext . arnie at the rail - rider night he come up with a old - fashioned oilcan , the kind with the long spout . he start back to the switch point , wave the can . arnie ( sing ) my beer be rheingold the dry beer ... think of rheingold whenever you fry beer ... he arrive , look down ... and stop sing . his eye widen . ext . the cinder by the track , arnie' Pov night we can see the hole where arnie put he beer , but it be of course empty . beside it be two huge print in the cinder , half wolf , half human . ext . arnie night he 's beginning to be afraid . beginning to look around to see what might be out here with he . beginning to realize he be in extremely deep shit . SOUND : a shatter , snarling roar ext . the werewolf night it rise up on its hind leg , eye glaring a ugly yellow green . its snout wrinkle back , revealing that tooth . ext . arnie night he 's craning back to look at the thing , he face a grue of horror . arnie oh n- a huge claw hand / paw come sweeping down . arnie 's head be grant a immediate reno-style divorce from the rest of he body . ext . the rail -rider night SOUND of the beast approach . a hairy arm and talone hand reach into the toolbox bolt to the back and rummages . the hand be drip blood . it come up with a bottle of rheingold . the werewolf begin to sing . it be a bizarre funny - horrible grunt , the word hellishly recognizable . werewolf ( gutteral ; subhuman ) my beer be rheingold the dry beer ... no bottle opener for this thing ; it bring the neck of the bottle down sharply on the edge of the toolbox . beer foam out . ext . the werewolf's face , in deep shadow night he / it ram the jag neck of the bottle deep into its mouth and drink . foam drizzle down its pelt . it 's grin . werewolf ( snarling voice ) think of rheingold whenever you buy beer ... ext . the werewolf , cu night the bottle be empty . there be crunching sound as it begin to eat the bottle . blood begin to run out of its mouth ; its face wrinkle in pain and fury . it spit out break , bloody jag of glass . look up . it howl . ext . tarker' mill night - moonlight we be look at Main Street of a small country town - might be New England , might be mid-south . might be 1984 , might be 1981 . this be tarker 's Mills , and in place like this , time move more slowly . Cars - not too many - move back and forth . no one be in a hurry . we see the Methodist church ( and the parsonage next door ) ; Andy 's sport goods ; Owen 's pub , with its narragansett neon sign . we see a barber shop with a stripe pole ; we see the Holy family Catholic Church and the rectory next door . we see the gem theater , which be show a revival of Sophia loren in " two woman . " it 's we town , U.S.A . jane ( voice - over ) this place be tarker 's Mills , where I grow up ... and this be how it be when I be fourteen - a place where people care about each other as much as they care about themselves . this be how my town look as , all unknow , it approach the rim of the nightmare . the kill have begin . SOUND : the howl of the werewolf - distant , a bit dreamy . ext./ int . tarker' mill montage night a. ) virgil cute , owner of Virgil 's texaco , be fill up a car . we hear the howl ... and virgil look up uneasily . bear ) in the barber shop , billy mcclaren , the barber , be just take the apron off the Methodist minister , rev . o'banion . they both look around . c. ) folk be come out of the gem theater . they pause at the sound of that howl and look toward the edge of town . ext . the setting moon , cu night as jane speak , we see the moon sink below the horizon . jane ( v- of ) the kill have begin , but at first no one know it . arnie westrum be a chronic drunk , and what happen seem like a accident . ext . the rail - rider and arnie' headless body night slowly the view improve , grow lighter , as we time - lapse to dawn . SOUND : a train be approach . we hear its horn . camera move in . here be a shattered rheingold bottle . there be a litter of arnie be tool . and here , on the cheek of arnie be severe head , a few ant be check thing out . SOUND : the train 's horn , much closer . jane ( v- of ) the county coroner conclude that arnie pass out on the track . there be not enough evidence to conclude anything else . and suddenly the train come smash into the frame , horn blaring . the rail - rider go fly . arnie be body disappear underneath . we see something flopping and move under there . it could be a bundle of rag . could be ... but be not . dissolve to : ext . tarker' mill town common day the common be more or less in the center of town , either surround by Main Street commerce or back by it . the camera move slowly in on a big tent that 's be erect on the common - look like a revival meeting tent , almost , but the banner drape over the entrance read : support the tarker' mill medcu drive ! behind or to the side , on the grass , picnic table have be set out end - to - end . woman be put salad and home - baked bread on this - just about the whole town be go to sit down to a meal when the meeting 's over . further off , man be tend barbecue , roasting corn , etc . joe haller ( amplify voice ) I would like to give you Father lester lowe , of Holy family Catholic Church ! enthusiastic applause greet this . int . the crowd day most of the town be here , seat on fold chair . we be look particularly at three people - nan coslaw , she husband bob , and they fourteen - year- old daughter , jane . it be jane - a slightly older jane - who we have hear speak . she be now a bit bored with the meeting , which have be go on for some time . as the applause continue , she lean toward she mother . jane I be go out for a while , ' kay ? nan all right . stay close . and make sure you brother 's all right . as jane get up , the applause start to fade a bit . note : jane be wear a silver crucifix , and will continue to wear it through the whole movie . int . the podium day to one side be a big black - and - white photograph on a easel . it show a van which have be customize into a emergency medical unit . behind the podium be four chair . rev . tom o'banion sit in one of they . andy fairton sit in another , red-face and beam . joe haller , the town constable , be just return to he ; lester lowe be just approach the mike as the applause die . lowe be face shine with love and goodwill . lowe for the last ten year ... no amplification . he tap the mike . int . jane she be make she way down the row to the aisle ( the people should be seat in fold chair ) . she pass a girl of about she own age who have overhear nan be parting shot . girl ( mock ) " make sure you brother 's all right . " jane ( low ) marty 's a booger . she reach the aisle and start out . int . the podium , featuring father lowe he tap the mike again . int . the crowd , featuring bob and nan coslaw bob ( good-nature ) just pretend you be in you own church askin ' for money , father ! it will work fine ! good-nature laughter greet this . int . lowe at the podium a bit flustered , he tap the mike and be reward by a brief scream of feedback . lowe for the last ten year , I have have a dream . a dream of a time when modern medical care would come to this small community , which sometimes seem so far from Durham , with she lifesave hospital . I hope that this meeting , at which I see so many of my friend gather , will be the start of make my dream come true . SOUND : enthusiastic applause . ext . a snake in the grass , cu it 's a blacksnake ... harmless , but big . it go wriggle through the grass toward a stream . in the b.g. - SOUND of applause . marty ( voice ) Holy ...! brady , be you sure they be not poisonous ? brady ( voice ) Little old blacksnake ? Hell , no ! hand - the rather grimy hand of a boy bent on mischief - grab the blacksnake . ext . marty and brady , cu brady hold the snake up . both boy gaze at it with respectful wonder . note : marty be wear a silver St. cristopher 's medallion , and will through the whole movie . marty lemme hold he ! brady hand it over . as marty look at the snake , brady see : ext . jane , coming out of the tent day jane ( v- of ) I be almost fifteen that summer . my brother marty be eleven . marty and he friend brady kincaid be the cross I have to bear . brady be actually the worse of the two , but I be rarely dispose to see that . not when my young brother be so constantly throw in my face by my parent . lowe ( v-o from the tent ) $ 32,000 be a lot of money . but when you think of the life this unit might save , it seem very inexpensive indeed . applause greet this . ext . marty and brady again we be fairly tight on the boy - we see they from waist or chest height . brady snatch back the snake . brady I get a idea . marty what ? brady look toward jane . marty follow he gaze . his eye widen . marty you would not . brady grin . marty assess the grin . marty you would . int . the podium , with lowe lowe a endeavor like this seem to I to be the very definition of community - all of we pull together as one , farmer and merchant ... Protestant and Catholic ... ext . jane she be walk slowly toward the picnic area , and be pass under a tree . there 's more applause from the tent . brady ( teasing voice ) Jane ... Jane ... she look up . the blacksnake dangle down toward she , almost touch she upturn face . jane shriek and bolt . she get a little way , trip over she own foot and fall down hard . she 's wear what be a nice jumper and nylon . now the jumper be tear and the hose shred at the knee . ext . the tree , with brady he 's lie over a limb with the snake in he hand , laugh wildly . ext . jane she get up , look at she clothes , she bloody knee . she 's near tear . ext . marty , at one side of the tree , fairly tight the shot 's from the chest up . he look sorry he be a part of this little stunt , as he ought to be . marty it be just a blacksnake , Jane - ext . jane she look around at he in a fury of embarrassment and something very close to hate . jane look at my knee ! look at my dress ! I hate you ! ext . brady , up in the tree brady do wittle janie make wee- wee in she teddy ? ext . marty marty stop it , brady . ext . brady , up in the tree he throw the snake . ext . jane she dodge the snake with a little scream . she 's beginning to cry , but she flip brady the bird just the same . ext . brady , in the tree brady ooooh , naughty ! ext . marty he move toward jane - there be something queerly unnatural in this movement , and in a moment we will understand , but for the time be we must be puzzle . marty Jane , I be sorry . it be just a joke . we do not mean - he 's reach she . jane be sobbing now , hysterical . jane oh , no ! you never mean to ! I hate you , you booger ! she run away . ext . the tree , with brady he swing down and come over to marty . brady ( with satisfaction ) really get she goat that time . ext . marty he 's in a wheelchair , look glumly after jane . marty oh , shut up , brady . you be warpe . ext . near the bandstand , featuring jane day she 's walk slowly along , still cry a little . now she step behind some bush , look around , hike up the skirt of she jumper , and wriggle out of the wreck panty hose . stella randolph ( voice ) wait ! do not go ! startle , jane look around , instinctively yanking she dress down . no one in sight . man ( voice ; rough ) just leave I alone ! now she look toward : ext . the bandstand , jane's Pov a man who look like he might be a travel salesman who have just step whole and breathe from a dirty joke about the farmer 's daughter come stride down from the bandstand . stella randolph , a plump but sweetly pretty girl , come to the stair but do not descend they . she be also cry - but this be real tear , folk . stella be a human Niagara Falls . stella ( call ) please ! you have to help I ! ext . the gay deceiver deceiver ( keep walk ) it 's you oven , but it be not my bun you be baking in there . sorry , babe . b.g. sound : more applause . ext . jane we can hear stella sobbing as jane walk slowly toward the bandstand with she panty hose still ball up in one hand . jane look suddenly aware that she 's not the only one in this sad world who have trouble . she reach the foot of the stair go up to the bandstand and toss the hose absently in a litter can . jane mount the step timidly . jane stella ? be that you ? ext . on the bandstand stella have retreat to one of the bench , where she be bawling into a handful of kleenex . pudgy and twenty - two , she be both funny and terribly sad . she look around at the sound of jane 's voice . stella ( alarmed ) who - ? jane ( approach closer ) it 's Jane , stella . Jane coslaw . stella see it be , and turn away from she , still weep . jane stand , uncertain what to do next . after a moment she approach closer and touch stella's turn back timidly . jane ( tenderly ) what 's wrong ? stella ( weep ) he 's go away . I know he be . jane who 's go away ? stella turn to she , weep still and distract . stella what be I go to tell my mother ? if he will not marry I , what be I go to tell my mother ? jane ( bewilder ) stella , I do not know what - stella oh , leave I alone ! just leave I alone , you stupid thing ! stella lumber across the bandstand and down the step . jane stare after she , bewilder and perhaps even a little frighten . int . the podium , with rev . o'banion o'banion let we pray . int . the town hall gathering most of they bow they head . int . rev . o'banion , at the podium o'banion May the Grace of God shine upon that gather here ... and lift they up ... and grant success to the endeavor to which they have so openheartedly declare they support . amen . int . the gathering they raise they head . some echo the " amen . " other cross themselves . ext . the picnic area people be come out and get ready to chow -down . ext . the coslaw station wagon day travel along a country road . headed home . int . the station wagon day bob and nan coslaw be sit up front . marty and jane be in the backseat . jane be as far from marty as she can get . she 's still mad as hell . Band - aids crisscross she knee . marty' wheelchair be collapse in the cargo area of the wagon . nan turn around to look at the kid - and it 's really jane she 's mad at . nan I want you two to bury the hatchet . you be be very silly , Jane . jane ( hot ) do you see my knee ? marty Jane , I - nan I think you be be mean as well as silly . you brother have never have a scrape knee in he whole life . well , here it be - the chief source of jane's animus against she brother and the source of most of the tension in the coslaw family . marty wince and turn away a little , embarrassed - this always happen . he do not like it , but he do not know how to make he parent - he mother in particular - quit it . jane you always take he side because he 's a cripple ! well , it 's not my fault that he 's a cripple ! marty come on , Jane - it be brady 's idea . I could not stop he . jane brady 's a booger and so be you ! nan Jane coslaw ! bob ( roar ) stop it or I will throw the whole bunch of you out ! in this traditional family unit , bob be the Voice of Authority . they all heed , although the atmosphere remain thundery . int . the station wagon day train track run near the road . int . the station wagon , ensemble day bob ( point ) that 's where poor old arnie westrum pitch he last drunk . he cross himself and they all look toward : ext . the gs&amp ; wm railroad track ( station wagon be Pov ) int . the car day bob they have to pick up what be leave of he in a peach basket . jane oh , daddy ! Gross ! marty do he really get he head cut off , dad ? that 's what brady say . jane if you do not stop it I be go to vomit . I mean it . nan ( no sympathy ) you be not go to vomit , Jane . and I think we have all have quite enough of this horror-movie talk . int . marty , closer day craning back to look at the spot where arnie bit the dust . his face be thoughtful , solemn . dissolve to : ext . the coslaw house night jane be lie in bed , she face to the wall . dim light fall on she unhappy face as the door be open . marty ( v- of ) janey ?... be you awake ? jane say nothing . int . the door to jane's bedroom , with marty night he be in he " house wheelchair " - not the Silver bullet ( he be in the bullet during the common scene , but we do not get a very good look at it ) . he have some stuff on he lap . a box , for sure . marty can I come in ? int . jane her eye be open but she say nothing . just look at the wall . int . marty he roll across to she bed and put something on she night table . SOUND of change and a rattle of paper . she roll over and see he 's put about three buck on the table . plus a can of mix nut . jane what 's the money for ? marty a new pair of panty hose . be it enough ? jane I do not want you money . you be a booger . marty it be brady 's idea , Jane . honest to God . please take the money . I want to make up . she look at he and see he 's sincere - honestly contrite . she soften . there 's hope for this two kid yet , maybe . jane I can get a pair of l'egg down at the pharmacy for a dollar forty - nine . here . she push the rest back to he , then look at the can . she pick it up , curious . marty that 's for you , too . uncle Al give it to I - jane ( scorn ) that drunk ! marty - but I want you to have it . he give she a warm , melting smile . when you little brother be be good to you it 's time to watch out - but jane have be lull . she start to open it , then look questioningly at he . marty yeah , go ahead . she open it . a long paper snake - the kind with a spring inside it - leap out . she shriek . jane you booger ! marty back up the wheelchair so he 's out of she reach . marty ( grin ) it really be for you birthday , though - try it on brady . he will wet he pants . jane go to hell ! int . marty , by the door marty ( smile ) I love you , janey . int . jane , in bed she try to be angry with he ... and cannot ( this be a response , we will find , that both marty and he uncle al evoke ) . she smile at he a little . int . marty he reverse he wheelchair , also smile a little , and leave . ext . tarker' mill , under the moon night we be look down at a brave little nestle of light . SOUND : a howl . ext . a house some distance out in the country there 's one light on upstairs and another downstairs ... also downstairs be the bluish flicker of tv light . a ivy trellis climb one side of the house . sound : can laughter ; tv dialogue . int . the live room of the randolph house stella's mother , asleep in front of the tv . int . a pretty china dish , cu a whole bunch of capsule be dumped into it . the camera draw back to show we stella , sit by she vanity mirror . the rest of the room be reflect in the mirror , include the window - we be upstairs . [ note : it would be nice to see that fat moon float in the window ! ] there 's a frame picture of stella 's ex- boyfriend on the vanity beside the dish of pill . stella set down the empty prescription bottle the pill come from beside this picture . we can clearly read the word " nembutol " on it . there be also a large glass of water on the vanity table . stella turn the picture facedown . she might be cry but probably she 's not . she take about five of the pill , start to lift they to she mouth - a howl outside ... closer . stella look around for a moment , then take the pill with some water . she pause , look at herself . stella suicide go to hell . especially if they be pregnant . and I do not even care . she take another five pill . and another five . sound : rattling foliage . ext . the ivy trellis night claw -hands be seize it and climb . sound of hoarse , guttural breathe . int . stella at the vanity table she take another handful of pill ... and the window behind she shatter inward . there be a bellow roar as the werewolf throw itself through . int . the live room , with mother she sit up , startle awake . from upstairs : another shatter roar ... followed by a scream . int . stella's room , with stella she run ... and a huge claw -hand rip through the back of she nightgown . int . the live room , with mother mother oh my dear God ... stella ! she run for the doorway and the hall . from upstairs come a confusion of sound : roar , break furniture , shatter glass . int . stella's bed , cu one of that deadly claw - hand sweep down the bed , rip through the sheet ... the mattress ... the spring itself . hairy , muddy foot with protrude talon leap onto it . ext . stella's window , extreme up -angle the werewolf leap out - it 's graceful , savage , animal . SOUND : a triumphant howl . int . the upstair hall , with mother she 's find a ancient pistol somewhere and be lug it gamely along . mother stella !... stella ! she reach the close door of stella 's room , vacillate there for a moment ... and then push it open and go in . a long beat of silence as we hold on the door . mother shriek . int . mother' face , ecu she shriek again . int . stella's room , wide it 's a total shamble ; blood be splatter everywhere ; the mirror be break , the picture of dan the gay deceiver be break ; the bed be tear in two . there be big , muddy wolfprint on the remnant of the bed . stella lie propped in the corner with nembutol all around she . suicide may have be what she plan , but it sure be not what happen . mother shriek . ext . tarker' mill montage morning a. ) mr. peltzer put out he paper rack - just the " Press - Herald " this morning . he look shocked and grim . the scare headline : brutal murder rock western maine . we can see stella's photograph . b.) through the window of Robertson 's luncheonette , we see the proprietor , bobby robertson , talk earnestly with a bunch of man . among they : milt sturmfuller , alfie knopfler , virgil cute , billy mcclaren , and elmer zinneman , a farmer we will meet later . c. ) at Andy 's sport goods , andy fairton be put a big hand - lettere sign in the window . it read : remington shotguns single action double action pump protect yourself and you family ! die ) at the Methodist parsonage , a ' 53 dodge pull slowly out and mother randolph get out , weep . as she approach the parsonage door , lester lowe come out and embrace she . ext . a SMALL brick build on MAIN STREET the sign read : tarker' mill town office . int . a hallway , featuring a door with a pebbled -glass panel neatly lettere on the panel : tarker' mill constabulary . and below this : joseph haller . joe haller ( voice ) okay ...yes ... oh , fuck off ! int . the constable's office , with haller and pete sylvester haller slam the phone down with a angry bang . he look like a guy who have be up all night . pete , he pudgy deputy , look like a high school athlete who have suddenly find himself bat in the World Series . pete what would they say , Joe ? haller they say they would be here by noon . pete ( nervous ) maybe it be not such a good idea tell that smokey bear from the detective division to fuck off , Joe . haller ( morosely ) I wait until he hang up . Jesus , what a mess . I wish I would stay in the army . let 's go on out there . he get slowly up . ext . tarker' mill consolidated school afternoon it 's a comfortable red-brick building on a side street . ivy climb up the side . two or three row of bike stand along one side of the building . SOUND : the bell ring . a beat or two , then the door bang wide and a billion kid spill out . it 's the end of the first day of school , and they be excited . they range from grade 1 to grade 8 . most kid book it for home as fast as they can , get on they bike and riding or just run . everyone have a pink report card . ext . a bunch of kide , with brady kincaid and tammy sturmfuller brady and tammy be riding bike . now there be the SOUND of a gasoline engine , and marty catch up . he 's get the Silver bullet 's motor run for the first time in the movie . later on it will sound extremely powerful , like a racing car , but now it just sound like a big lawnmower engine with a muffler on it . it 's pretty cool , though - a bright metallic silver with flame decal on the motor housing . look sort of like something Big daddy roth might have think up . on the back be a license plate which say silver bullet . brady look out ! look out ! it 's madman marty and the Silver bullet ! tammy laugh . brady you glad to be back in jail , marty ? marty sure - I like school . tammy you booger . marty that 's what my sister say , too . pretty soon I be go to start check the mirror to see if I be turn green . brady I gotta split - see ya , marty ... tammy . ext . the corner of MAIN and walnut , a wider shot afternoon tammy and marty watch as brady zoom off toward home on he bike . marty push in a hand clutch and move a small lever . he bump down over the curb and they cross the street side by side , tammy on she bike , marty in he wheelchair . ext . marty and tammy from the far curb , reverse he pop up over the curb with a bounce . he shove in the little hand clutch and revs the engine . va-room ! marty not bad , huh ? my uncle Al take off the regular muffler and put on a cherry bomb . tammy what 's that ? marty glasspack . he say he would come over sometime this summer and we would soup up the engine ... but now I dunno . he 's get a divorce and he 's in the doghouse with my mother . tammy for get a divorce ? marty well ... it be he third . ext . a STREET on the outskirt of town , with marty and tammy the other kid be go ; they be alone . the sidewalk have end and they roll slowly along the dirt verge of the road . they look toward : ext . the randolph house , marty and tammy's Pov the driveway be block off with a sawhorse bear the stencile word police investigation . the yard be fill with cop car - haller be constable car , plus a number of state police vehicle . uniform man come and go . we can see a large black wreath on the door . ext . marty and tammy tammy thanks for come with I , marty - I be scared to go past she house by myself . marty ( matter-of -fact ) yeah ... it be a little scary . tammy I mean , I see she . all the time . tammy stop she bike . she 's on the verge of tear . tammy I use to see she every day , and she never know what be go to happen to she , and neither do I ! I mean I know how stupid that sound , but ... marty hey , take it easy . I know how you feel . he get the Silver bullet move again , and she have to pedal along to catch up . ext . the sturmfuller driveway , with marty and tammy they stop at the end . tammy there 's something else scary . marty what ? tammy ( point ) that . ext . old greenhouse , marty and tammy's Pov it stand a bit behind the house itself . a creepy place . many of the glass pane be break ; some of this - not many - have be block with cardboard . the inside be a jungle of plant that have run to riot . in the f.g. be a mucky - look garden patch where nothing much be grow . ext . marty and tammy she be quite deeply troubled . tammy I have be hearing noise in there . marty what kind of noise ? tammy rattling . rustling . marty rat ... tammy and my dad say it 's kid . but it 's not rat and it 's not kid . it 's - ext . the sturmfuller house , with milt oh my sud and body , here be the great american alcoholic for sure - the rural version . milt be wear a suit of pee-stain thermal underwear . he 's wear a baseball cap with the word " caterpillar " on the front and have a bottle of beer in one hand ( I be pretty sure that he beer be rheingold the dry beer ) . with he other hand he be busily scratch he crotch . milt tammy , you get on in here and do some dish ! ext . the greenhouse sinister ... spooky . tammy ( voice ) I have get to go . ext . marty and tammy marty I would go out and take a look myself , but I think the bullet would get stick in the garden . it look sorta greasy . she smile at he , bend over , and kiss he on the mouth . marty be stunne ... but happy . tammy you would , would not you ? marty ( Joe cool ) sure . no sweat . tammy well , it 's probably nothing . I be just spook since ... you know . marty yeah ... but if you hear any more noise , tell you father . okay ? tammy okay . have you get enough gas to get home , marty ? marty ( startle ) jeez ! ext . the wheelchair " dashboard , " marty' Pov there 's a gas gauge here , and the needle be almost on " E . " ext . marty and tammy marty I be always do this ! I gotta go , tammy . milt ( voice ) tammy ! tammy ( call ) come daddy ! ( to marty ) bye ... thanks again for come home with I . she wave and go bike down the driveway as marty motor back onto the street and turn toward town . ext . tammy she bring she bike to a stop by she father . milt ' Bout time . why you want to hang around that cripple ? tammy I like he . milt goddamn cripple always end up on welfare . ought to electrocute all of them . Balance the fuck budget . have deliver this pearl of wisdom , milt go inside , now scratch he ass . tammy pause a moment and look toward the camera , she face troubled and scared . ext . the deserted greenhouse , tammy's view dissolves to : ext . marty he 's buzzing along toward downtown , which be still some distance away - but at least he 's make it back to the sidewalk again . marty ( prayerfully ) come on , baby - he look down at : ext . the wheelchair gas gauge , marty' Pov now the needle be lie all the way over on " E . " ext . virgil' texaco late afternoon marty pull in . the wheelchair motor start to pop and lug and misfire . the chair make it to the first pump on the island close to the street and then stall as virgil cute come over . virgil well , marty ! I see you luck out again ! marty yep . would you fill it up , please , Mr. cutt ? virgil want I to check the oil ? marty sure ! virgil wipe the windshield a check the driver 's bullshit level ? marty laugh ; virgil start carefully pump gas into the Silver bullet 's small tank . ext . the coslaw house night overhead be the moon , three day past the full . uncle al ( voice ) I will see you carlton fiske and raise you a George brett ... a Dave kingman ... and a Rod carew . int . the kitchen doorway , with nan coslaw night she 's wiping she hand with a dishtowel and look like she just bit into a lemon . int . the den , with uncle al and marty night uncle al be the family 's sheep of a darker color . he 's thirty , good-look , raffish . he 's also drunk . he 's get both whiskey and beer . a ashtray beside he overflow with butt . he and marty be play draw poker for marty' baseball card . each have a pile in front of he . marty really love uncle al ... he eye just glow when he look at he . marty okay , okay . I call . he toss in three baseball card . uncle al wait a minute , wait a minute ! he grab one of marty be card , look at it , and toss it back . uncle al Ralph houk ! you can not bet a manager ! Stone the crow ! marty okay , okay . dwight Evans . uncle al piss on he . piss on all the Red Sox . he swallow whiskey and chase it with beer . int . the den , a wider angle nan come briskly over . she 's see and hear enough . she favor uncle al with a glare and then look protectively at marty . nan come on , marty - bedtime . she start to wheel he away . marty Mom -! uncle al let the boy finish the game , nan . he mean it , drunk or not . she reluctantly roll marty back to the table . nan make it quick . uncle al lay down he hand . uncle al Three king . marty ( delighted ) I get a straight to the queen ! uncle al bullshit luck ! nan ( outrage ) that 's enough ! marty ( as he mother wheel he away ) aww , Mom -! int . the stairwell of the coslaw home marty be sit in a stair chair that rise slowly to the second floor . he look deject and glum . SOUND of nan hectore she brother al . I do not think we can make out all of what 's go on , but we have all know woman like nan and I think we can fill in the blank . " Christian household ... you come here drunk and expect ... can not even bother to call ahead ... " etc. , etc . a wheelchair stand on the second - floor landing . this one be no Silver bullet , only the more humble sort that move by arm power . when the stair chair click to a stop , marty hoist himself from it into the wheelchair and roll down the hall toward the bathroom . below , nan be rant be still go on . int . the den , with nan and uncle al night uncle al be clear up in a kind of drunken stupor - and I mean he be really drunk . he 's smoking one cigarette ; another be smolder away in the heaping ashtray . he drop a pile of baseball card on the floor and bonk he head on the table bend down to pick they up . nan I do not want you drink around marty . that 's too much . if you can not stop it , you better stay away . al straighten up . there be a sort of command force in this man , and here he be partly able to rise above he abysmal drunkenness so we can see it . uncle al I come here because marty need a friend . nan yes ... you have always be that to he . but if you can not leave you booze in whatever dump you call home , you better just stay away . she leave the room , almost cry . uncle al look after she , and then he attention be draw to the smolder ashtray . he pour beer over the mess , put out the fire but create something that look even worse . he begin drunkenly pick up again . uncle al ( to himself ) another wonderful time at sister nan 's house ! heeyyy ! int . the upstair coslaw bathroom marty , now in pj 's , be brush he tooth . jane come in - she 's wear a nightie . marty Mom be really mad at he this time , be not she ? jane what do you expect , when he come in smell like a brewery and look like a unmade bed ? marty stop it ! he lunge at she , but jane step back easily . marty overbalance and fall out of the wheelchair . his toothbrush clatter across the tile . bob coslaw ( sleepy voice ) hey ! that you , marty ? jane he 's okay , dad ! she look around swiftly , then bend down . int . marty and jane , a much closer shot one of marty be cheek be press against the floor . his eye be shut . he 's weep . jane ( low ) marty , be you all right ? marty yes . go away . jane let I help you up . nan ( voice ) marty ? SOUND of she climb the stair . jane throw a quick look back over she shoulder and then help marty up in he chair . he help by pull on the sink counter . jane have time to give marty one quick look - " please do not tell on I , " it say . nan come in . nan Jane , have you be teasing you brother again ? marty she be not , Mom - I drop my toothbrush and fall over when I try to get it . Jane help pick I up . he bat he eye at she . marty ( syrupy voice ) Jane 's wunnnderful . jane pick up he toothbrush . jane ( hand it to he ) here . brush they good , marty . some of that shit in you head might leak down into you mouth and poison you . nan Jane coslaw ! but jane stalk off . marty be grin . it be a good put-down . ext . the sturmfuller house night we can see the moon in the sky beyond the ruin greenhouse . the camera move slowly toward the greenhouse . we begin to pick up sound : rattling ... rustling ... and low animal grunt . int . tammy's bedroom night she 's deeply asleep . int . the live room night " big-time wrestling " on the tv . SOUND of a refrigerator door close . milt sturmfuller come into the live room from the kitchen . he 's wear he long john with the designer pee stain and have a quart bottle of rheingold the dry beer in each hand . he sit down , look at the tv . milt ( drunk ) give he the airplane ! wring he neck ! ext . the greenhouse night more noise . there be a beat of silence , and then something - one of that earthen plant pot , I think - fall over and shatter . int . the live room , with milt he look up briefly - he 's hear something - but the crowd on the tv be loud and the match be reach its climax . milt ( all eye again ) give he the sleeper , you fuckin bugwit ! ext . the greenhouse , closer a low snarl . plant shake and shiver . another crash , louder . int . milt , in the live room look toward the window . he get up , go over , and look out . ext . the greenhouse , medium - long ( milta Pov ) SOUND of another crash . plant move . int . the hall , with milt he take a shotgun from the wall , break it , and look inside . milt let 's see if you want to come back and break my pot all to shit after I put some rock salt in you ass ! int . the sturmfuller greenhouse night the door at the end screech OPEN and milt , still hold the shotgun at port arm , come cautiously in . this place be really overgrown . milt advance slowly into the jungle of plant , and the director will shoot it as he like to build the suspense . I be sure that plant brush he face , and a bug or two - maybe even a big plump spider - will land on he . he hear a scutter SOUND and whirl . milt ( shout ) who 's there ? int . greenhouse floor , milta Pov night a mouse go run across the warpe board ( which have pull apart from each other , show deep crack between ) . int . milt night he relax and start forward again . we keep expect it to happen , but it keep not happen . then , as milt be start back toward the door , two big , hairy arm come up through the floor - burst through two of that crack and shove the splinter board upward - and grab milt be leg at the knee . sound : bestial roar . milt scream and triggers off the shotgun - unfortunately , it be point straight up . Glass shower down on he . he be pull down into the shattered hole - now we can see he only from the knee up . int . tammy sturmfuller's bedroom she sit up in bed . sound of roar and milt scream from the greenhouse . mrs . sturmfuller , in a nightgown with she hair do up in roller , come into tammy 's room . mrs . sturmfuller tammy , where 's you father ? SOUND : another scream from the greenhouse . int . the greenhouse , with milt he 's now waist deep in the hole in the floor , surround by break , splinter board . sound : ripping flesh , crunching bone . milt shriek . he be abruptly jerk downward again . he be be eat from the foot up . as he 's jerk down , one of the lean , splinter board ram into he chest . milt collapse over it like a old Roman collapse on he sword . a hairy arm reach up and grab he neck . milt be jerk all the way into the hole , board and all . ext . the greenhouse , from tammy's bedroom window sound of snarl , growls , grunt . int . tammy and mrs . sturmfuller they be hugging each other , terrify , by the window . ext . the sturmfuller place , medium -long day the police car be now here . there 's also a meat wagon . as we watch , a number of cop - joe haller and pete sylvester be among they - approach the wagon . many be carry canvas bag . ext . the sturmfuller yard , featuring pete sylvester he drop the blood stain bag he 's carry , run to the bush , and noisily blow he grocery . ext . tarker' mill montage # 3 dusk a. ) on oak Street , mrs . thayer be hurry toward home , obviously spook . she keep look behind herself and nearly fly up the step to she house . then there be the endless business of fumble with she key . finally she lurch inside and slam the door . bear ) on Main Street , at the Holy family rectory , father o'banion be close the shutter ... and lock they . c. ) on a residential street , a kid be play with some plastic truck outside of a picket fence . except for he , the street be desert . his mother come out and haul he in . die ) andy fairton , in the sport - goods store , check a automatic pistol and then holster it on he hip . he have a pugnacious , unpleasant look . e.) billy mcclaren turn the sign on the door of he barber shop from OPEN to close , look out warily at the street ( to make sure there be no psycho killer out there for trim , I guess ) , then leave and lock the door behind he . the camera follows he down a couple of store front to Owen 's , where he also go in . f.) the paper rack in front of peltzer 's drug / the " Press - Herald " headline be a sixteen - pointer : maniac claim second victim . ext . marty and brady kincaid magic hour they be fly kite on the common . some distance in the b.g. be the bandstand . marty be of course fly he kite as he sit in the Silver bullet . the boy be have a blast . the camera slowly move away from the boy , center on Owen 's pub across the street , and zoom in . in the window be a poster . it read : $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the capture of the man ( or animal ) who kill stella randolph and milton sturmfuller . and , at the bottom : tarker' mill citizen ' committee . along come andy fairton . he go into the pub . int . owen' pub at a f.g. table : virgil cute , bobby robertson , elmer zinneman , and he brother porter zinneman . behind they , at the bar , we see pete sylvester have a beer with billy mcclaren . as we look around the bar , we will also see father lester lowe , sit at a unobtrusive corner table , nursing a beer and listen closely to the conversation . elmer ( to virgil ) do not tell I a animal can not rip a man up the way milt sturmfuller be rip up ! virgil but the woman 's bed be rip right down the middle , elmer - it 's take a chainsaw to do something like that ! porter damn straight ! elmer shut up , porter . ( to virgil ) what about the track ? andy fairton have join the group . he sit down uninvite . virgil that could be something to throw off the cop . and it be not animal that try to confue the law ; it 's people do that . andy fairton Law around here do not need much confusing . pete look around at this . be the deputy constable and ineffectual by nature , he 's pretty sensitive . andy ( deep disgust ) Joe haller could not find he own ass if someone ram it full of radium and give he a geiger counter . pete sylvester ( come over ) could be I know a fella who 's still po would over get fine two hundred buck for that little fender bender out on the Ridge Road last year . andy could be I know a fat old fella who ought to take care of he mouth before someone come along and turn it inside out . I pay Joe haller 's salary to keep the people in this town safe , and he be not do it . int . billy mcclaren , at the bar he 's look toward the table where the fairton group sit . billy ( mildly ) last town report say you be in arrears you tax , Andy . guess you must have pay up , huh ? int . the fairton table andy what be you , try to be smart ? owen knopfler come over . owen you guy turn down the thermostat or I be gonna turn you all out . now who 's drink ? andy ( sulk ) bring I a schlitz . ext . a tree , with brady' smile - kite stuck in it dusk SOUND of panting . marty come into the frame , pull himself up by the arm . his arm be very strong , although he leg trail limply behind he ( like the tail of a kite ) . he sit on a branch , untangle the kite and the string , and look down . marty ( call ) here it come ! ext . the foot of the tree , with brady brady Drop it ! as the kite flutter down , jane come bike up . jane marty coslaw , you get down out of that tree ! ext . marty , in the tree he descend , then hang from the lowest branch . marty push the bullet over , Jane , okay ? ext . marty and jane jane ( make no immediate move to do so ) Supper be a hour ago , dumbo . marty ( hang ) oh , jeez ! I forget ! be she mad ? jane they both be . at I , for not get you sooner . I ought to let you fall . but she push the chair over and marty drop into it . he push the starter and the Silver bullet fire up . ext . brady , flying he kite on the common dusk marty ( voice ) hey , brady ! you come ? brady ( look into the sky ) in a while ! brady could give a shit if marty be in trouble . he just wave vaguely . he 's into the kite - fly experience , as the folk in Marin County might say . ext . marty and jane he 's look toward the common , frown and uncertain . jane come on , marty . she start bike away . marty start after she , pause , and look at : ext . brady , on the common dusk camera pan slowly up to the yellow smile - kite in the bluish - purple sky . int . owen' pub late dusk the former patron be still here , with the exception of lowe , billy mcclaren , and bobby robertson . many other have appear ; this be happy hour . among they we see mr . aspinall , the principal , and peltzer , the druggist . a barmaid , norma , circulate with drink and beer . speak of beer , andy fairton have get through a fair amount of schlitz . it have not mellow he , however ; he 's more belligerent than ever . andy ( hold forth ) this whole investigation have be as efficient as a Polish fire drill ! it - pete ( bravely ) I have hear enough out of you , Andy . if you do not shut you mouth , I be go to shut it for you . int . the door of owen' place it open and a man in a business suit - herb kincaid - come in . he be carry a briefcase and he look worried . int . the group at the fairton table andy ( astound ) what do you say ? int . the bar , with owen knopfler owen Jesus wept . he reach under the bar and come out with a baseball bat . burn into the side of the bat , so it read vertically toward the handle , be the word " peacemaker . " owen hurry around the bar with it . int . the fairton group pete be stand in front of andy , fist ball up , fat face tremble with determination . pete you hear what I say , motormouth . andy get up , infuriate . there 's apparently go to be a brawl . behind they , herb kincaid have approach the table . herb have not even notice what 's go on ; he 's get problem of he own . int . herb kincaid he clear he throat . this be a mild , timid man - he do not like to speak in public , particularly not in a bar , but the imperative of the situation demand it right now . herb ( quite loudly ) have anyone in here see my son brady ? int . the pub , a new angle everyone look at herb . conversation stop . andy and pete freeze with they fist ball up , like little kid play statue tag . owen be catch a little distance from andy and pete , with the " peacemaker " still in he hand . ext . the town common , long now it be almost completely dark , and a large reddish summer moon be rise over the horizon . SOUND : a long , wavering wolf howl ... loud . int . owen' pub all conversation have stop . all have turn toward the door and the window ; all hear the howl . deep fright overly each face . norma drop she tray . glass and bottle shatter . int . the MAIN corridor of the town hall joe haller come out of the constable 's office in a hurry , let the door bang the wall . he 's buckle on he gun belt . ext . the bandstand brady be kite , tear in a couple of place , flutter on the step lead up to the bandstand . the yellow smile face grin eerily in the darkness . it be streak with blood . int . owen' pub herb brady ! he break for the door . andy fairton grab he . herb get out of my way ! he push andy aside . herb be out the door , chase by pete and several of the other . ext . the bandstand night joe haller ( low voice ) hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord be with thee . bless art thou among woman ... he come out of the shadow , he draw gun dangle by he side . this man have have a extremely bad shock . the leg of he uniform pants be splash with blood . he make it down two step and then sit heavily by the remain of brady be smile , bloody kite . he look straight ahead . he look at nothing . haller ( low ) ... and bless be the fruit of thy womb . Jesus . Holy Mary , mother of God , pray for we sinner now ...now ... he look at the kite , then look away . he put a hand over he face and start to cry . ext . the common , looking back toward MAIN STREET night a number of man - not all that be in Owen 's but quite a few of they - be run toward the bandstand . herb kincaid be in the lead , scream he son 's name over and over . SOUND : a long howl , now at some distance . ext . the bandstand , with haller and kincaid as herb kincaid approach . haller stay off the bandstand , herb . herb be it my boy ? be it brady ? haller do not go up - herb ( lunge past he ) brady ! brady ! disappear into the dark . haller look down at he lap . herb br-( cut off ) the other man arrive , pete in the lead . haller do not look up . pete Joe , be it - haller ( not look up ) shhh . pete be it the kicaid b- haller ( not look up ) shhh , I say . the man look uneasily at haller , at each other . andy fairton shove forward . andy what the fuck be go on h- SOUND : herb scream . a pause . herb scream again . the man flinch back . haller do not look up . now , from the darkness on the bandstand , herb begin to laugh . the man shrink back further , look more uneasy than ever . herb ( voice ; laugh ) we will bury he shoe . now haller get up and join the other man . herb ( voice ; laugh ) that 's what we will have to do ; we will bury he shoe . maybe in a couple of roi-tan cigar box . ext . the bandstand , men' Pov night herb kincaid appear . he be laugh . he be smear with he son 's blood . in each hand he hold one of he son 's shoe . herb we will bury he shoe because he foot be still in they and they be the only part of he that make sense anymore . herb laugh harder . herb it 's gonna be the cheapest funeral this town ever see ! herb scream laughter . the camera dolly in to close on brady' kite . ext . the moon , cu SOUND : herb scream . dissolve to : ext . holy family church day SOUND : a organ be play that sweet old hymn , " bring in the sheave . " there be lot of car park in front of the church , but there 's a space leave just big enough for uncle al' mg . marty' Silver bullet be strapped to the back . jane ( v- of ) my mother and father - my mother in particular - do not much care for uncle Al ... int . holy family church day marty be chair be at the back of the church . most of the mourner be cry . mrs . bowie be play the organ . brady be coffin be on a bier at the front - close of course . there be lot of flower . jane ( v-o continue ) ... but when it come to such unpleasant duty as take marty to the funeral of he best friend ... int . uncle al , marty , tammy , and mrs . sturmfuller in a pew as we look at they , from leave to right : uncle al , marty , tammy , mrs . sturmfuller . uncle al unobtrusively take a small silver flask from he hip pocket . engrave on it in Old English letter be the word " rotgut . " he spin the cap and take a quick knock . he pause and glance at marty , who look deeply stunne . jane ( v-o continue ) ... they do not at all mind draft he . as to the sort of comfort uncle Al may have be able to offer he ... uncle al hand the flask to marty . marty look at he questioningly for a moment , and then drink . marty look at tammy , who look frankly terrible . her mother be look away . marty nudge she . she look around at he . he offer she the flask . her eye widen . jane ( v-o continue ) ... I now believe that be best keep between the two of they ... after a brief moment 's consideration , tammy take the flask and have a deep swallow . she hand the flask back to marty , who hand it quickly back to uncle al as tammy cough . her mother look at she ... then at marty and uncle al . uncle al smile sympathetically , hide the flask with one hand , as if to say , " be not it a terrible thing ? " mrs . sturmfuller look distractedly back toward the service . jane ( v-o conclude ) ... or among the three of they . uncle al pocket the flask just as the organ stop play . int . the podium , with father lowe lowe Mr. and Mrs. kincaid have ask that there be no mass say here this afternoon . there will be a requiem mass for brady kincaid this Sunday . they do ask I to say a word of comfort to you , if I could . he look out at they . int . the congregation they look back at lowe , hope for some help in understanding this awful thing . int . lowe , above the coffin lowe if there be any word of comfort I can give you , it 's just this : the face of the beast always become know ; the time of the beast always pass . he be struggle with this , try dreadfully hard . lowe if there be time when we feel alone and afraid , only small creature in the dark , then this be the time when we must turn to one another for we comfort and we hope . to we neighbor . to we community . to we love for each other . I alone cannot ease the pain for herb and naomi kincaid , nor can I ease you pain , nor you ease mine . but if I believe anything it 's this : we can comfort each other . we can heal each other . we can go on together . int . the congregation , with marty and tammy the kid be cry . marty put a arm around tammy and she put she head on he shoulder . int . father lowe lowe the Bible tell we not to fear the terror that creepeth by night or that which flieth by noonday , and yet we do ... we do . because there be much we do not know , and we feel very small . but we must not be alone . we must not allow ourselves to be alone , for there be the wide gate to the hell of terror . turn to each other . join hand in you sorrow and try to remember that the face of the beast always become know . ( pause ) the time of the beast always pass . ( pause ) let we pray . ext . the mourner , with marty marty and tammy look at each other miserably . tammy begin to cry - for she father as much as for brady , one would think - and she and marty embrace . ext . uncle al , cu he look at the kid with deep sympathy and deep love . ext . a country road afternoon uncle al be sport car pass the camera . he 's take marty home . int . the car , with marty and uncle al uncle al you all right , marty ? marty yeah . uncle al there 's a say - so-and - so be better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick . you ever hear that one ? marty no . uncle al well , I be not sure that be . Christ ! they better get the guy . marty uncle Al , what if it 's not a guy ? uncle al huh ? marty what if it 's some kind of monster ? uncle al ( laugh ) Jesus , marty ! come off it ! ext . uncle al' car , on MAIN STREET it cruise past Owen 's pub . there be car park out front , but there be also lot of pickup truck . int . the car , with marty and uncle al marty what 's go on at owen' , uncle Al ? uncle al a bunch of man get ready to pretend they be clint eastwood ... marty , do not anybody ever tell you that the only monster be in comic book and drive - in movie ? ext . the coslaw house late afternoon uncle al be car turn in and park . int . the car , with marty and uncle al marty tammy say she would be hearing noise in that greenhouse . growl noise , like a big animal . her father be kill that night . uncle al look at he doubtfully for a moment , as if almost believe . then he shake he head . uncle al marty , you have to get this idea out of you head . psychotics be more active when the moon be full , and this guy be a psycho . he 's go to turn out to be as human as you or I . ( pause ) in a manner of speak . now let 's get you inside . he open he door and get out . int . marty , closer he would like to believe uncle al ... but he do not . int . owen' pub late afternoon andy fairton okay , you all know what group you be in and what area you will be cover , right ? porter zinneman damn straight ! elmer zinneman shut up , porter . the man be all dress in hunt clothes - red-and - black - check shirt , orange cap , etc . they all have gun . among they number be a few woman as well , look tough and determine . we see almost everyone we have meet up to this point . lowe be there , look deeply troubled . andy fairton be stand on the bar . this be he vigilante ; he have organize they . andy radiate male macho football - coach confidence . he 's mesmerize the crowd : they really believe they be go to go out and shoot one for the gipper . andy group one through four be in the wood north of the sturmfuller place . five and six west of carson Creek . the door at the back open ; haller and pete come in . joe haller be in extremely bad shape . he have not come back much from the murder of brady . I believe he be have some sort of spiritual crisis , and while it be not we purpose to explore what it might be - this be , after all , a horror movie and not a John cassavete film - we can see that it have seriously weaken he authority . andy ( continue ) moonrise at 8:52 p.m. some nervous laughter greet this . meanwhile , haller and pete be work they way to the front , where they end up next to a grim - face herb kincaid . andy ( continue ) if he come out to stroll in the moonlight tonight , we be go to get the sorry sucker . int . the vigilante , with elmer and porter porter ( happily ) damn straight ! elmer shut up , porter . int . andy fairton andy just remember , it 's the psycho we want , not each other . so look before you - int . the crowd , featuring haller haller I want all of you folk to go home ! a disgruntled murmur meet this . haller move forward a bit , and turn to face they . haller I can not remember depute a single one of you ! int . andy fairton andy that 's right , Joe - the only deputy you get be that fat shitbag beside you , and neither one of you have do a damn thing about solving this case . there be a mutter of agreement . int . a slightly wider shot , featuring andy and haller andy hop off the bar to face haller directly . in the b.g. we see herb kincaid ( kincaid , by the way , should be wear a black armband - he 's come directly from he son 's funeral ) . haller ( without much force ) we will catch he . andy you could not catch a cold . haller look at he for a moment , then turn to look at the crowd . they look rather like a lynch mob ; on they face we see a uneasy mix of shame and eager determination . haller speak with a kind of haggard , fade desperation . haller the law have a name for what you man be plan . it 's private justice , and private justice be about a step and a half away from lynch mob and hang rope . I be no J. Edgar Hoover , but I be the law in tarker 's Mills , and I want you man to go home . they shuffle they foot uneasily ; many look down . he be get to they . andy do not let this guy scare you ! what 's he do since this thing start but hang he face out ? it 's not work . many of the man look disgust with both andy and themselves . andy ( louder ) he be not get so much as a fingerprint ! owen knopfler ah , shut up , Andy . andy do not tell I to - herb kincaid step forward . herb yes. correct . shut up . andy , surprised and bewilder , do . herb turn and look grimly at joe haller , who can barely meet he gaze . herb ( quietly ) I just come from my boy 's funeral . haller herb ... I know how upset - how grief-strick you must be ... but - herb ( quietly ) he be tear apart . utter silence in owen be place now . the other be stare , rapt . haller yes . yes , but - herb ( still quiet ) upset , you say . grief-stricken , you say . constable , you do not know what that word mean . my son be tear to piece . to piece ! herb turn to the other in the pub . tear stream down he face . herb my son be tear to piece ! ( turn back to haller ) you come in here and talk to this man about private justice . you dare to do that . constable haller , why do not you go out to harmony Hill and dig up what 's leave of brady and explain to he about private justice . would you want to do that ? haller make no reply . he look down at he foot . herb no . I think not . ( to the other ) you folk stay here if you want . I would not ask anyone to do anything that run counter to he conscience . as for I ... I be go out and hunt up a little private justice . andy fairton have swell up again . he grin poisonously at the slump haller . he push off after herb kincaid . other man start to follow . ext . owen' pub Men be stream out , get into station wagon and pickup truck . engine roar into life . they begin back out even as more man come out of the pub . we even hear some high - spirite yell ; they be on they way and they blood be up . int . owen' pub lester lowe , look more distress than ever , push he way through the man toward the door , and the camera follows . he grab billy mcclaren . lowe billy ... billy , this be a bad idea . Joe can ... billy ( not look at lowe ) Joe 's have he chance , Father . leave I be . he push outside . lowe look around wildly ; he face say he can not believe this be happen . he grab porter zinneman , then , as porter shove by he , at a couple of other with mount desperation . haller make he way to lowe through the thinning crowd and draw he aside . haller let they go . lowe but - haller this be that spirit of community you be talk about . Grand , be not it ? maybe they will shoot a hitchhiker or something and Andy can mount the head and raffle it off . to benefit the medcu van , of course . haller laugh . lowe but can not we do anything ? owen knopfler hurry past they ; he have a rifle over one shoulder in a sling . in he leave hand he carry the peacemaker bat . haller sure . we can pray to Christ that none of they get kill . ext . outside owen be more car and truck pull away . there 's a big old Ford " woody " wagon still there , with andy fairton stand impatiently by the driver 's side door . billy mcclaren and bobby robertson be with he , and a big , solid-look woman name maggie andrews . owen come out and cross to the woody . andy well , it 's about frigging time ! they will have he hide tack to somebody 's barn door before we get out there ! they pile into the car , andy behind the wheel . he throw it into gear and back out onto Main Street . ext . MAIN STREET , a new angle we see a parade of car and pickup truck head out of town . ext . father lester lowe he 's stand on the curb and watch they leave town in procession , some honk they horn , other yell cheerfully . the expression on he face be dark and brood . ext . the full moon , cu night ext . elmer and porter zinneman night elmer be lie on he belly , stick halfway under a barb - wire fence . the seat of he pants be badly snag . the brother be on the verge of a wood area . we can see ground mist creep around the bottom of the tree . elmer help I porter , goddammit ! porter grab elmer be right arm and pull . there 's a ripping SOUND . elmer scream . elmer do not pull I ! you want to rip the right cheek of my ass right off ? porter well , elmer , there be folk that would say you have be half - ass most of you - elmer be you go to unhook I or be a wise guy ? porter begin to pick the barb wire out of elmer be pants . ext . in the wood , with rev . o'banion and virgil cute night o'banion look rather amusing in he hunt gear - like that priest from " the exorcist " on safari . SOUND : a howl , fairly loud virgil Jesus , that be close . uh , pardon I , rev'runt . o'banion come on . be careful . they move slowly ahead , o'banion still a bit in the lead . the camera follows as the reverend push into some knee-high brush . SOUND : a rusty metallic clang , follow by a fleshy chomp . o'banion begin to scream and struggle . virgil rev'runt ! what be it ? o'banion ( scream ) my foot ! my foot ! virgil lunge to he and look down . ext . o'banion be foot , virgil' Pov a medium-sized trap - something in which one might reasonably catch a wild cat or a coydog , let we say - have its rusty tooth sink deeply into the reverend 's ankle . ext . o'banion and virgil o'banion ( scream ) get it off I ! get it off I ! virgil ( flustered ) sure ...okay ... he kneel down . ext . virgil he muscle the trap open , a little at a time . ext . o'banion relaxing . SOUND : the wolf howling close . ext . virgil startle and unnerve by the howl , the trap slip out of he hand and snap shut on o'banion be mangle ankle again . ext . reverend o'banion he scream . ext . the moon , cu it slide behind a cloud . SOUND : the wolf howling . ext . andy fairton' group andy , billy mcclaren , bobby robertson , owen knopfler , and maggie andrews have be join by two other men- mr. aspinall and edgar round . they have draw close together , listen as the howl fade . we can tell by they uneasy face that some of the joy have go out of the evening . they be stand on one side of a ravine . the bottom be fill with a still ground mist . a few bush poke out of it . there be wood on the far side . andy ( point across ) it come from over there . bobby robertson as far as I could tell , it could have come from anywhere . andy we will spread out in a skirmish line . if the bastard try to go around we , we will hear he . bobby I dunno - maggie I think Bobby Robertson here 's make lemonade in he pants . that lemonade get ice cube in it , Bobby ? andy fairton and edgar round laugh . aspinall and billy mcclaren smile a little . owen ( quietly ) let off he , maggie . I be scared , too . bobby ( stoutly ) I be not scared ! let 's go ! andy okay . spread out on I . five foot apart . ext . andy'' group , from the bottom of the ravine reading from right to leave : owen knopfler ( he gun be still over he shoulder ; it be the peacemaker baseball bat he be hold ) , bobby robertson , aspinall , andy fairton , billy mcclaren , edgar round and maggie andrews . they come slowly down toward the camera , alert and ready for anything - at least , they think so . ext . andy'' group , angle shot they reach the bottom of the ravine and begin to make they way across it . the mist be waist to chest deep . they push toward the other side . now they be about halfway . SOUND : a steady , low growling , close . they all stop , scared . billy mcclaren where 's it come from ? other side ? bobby no - it 's behind we . I tell you you could not trust - aspinall it be not on either side . andy what be you - aspinall be look around , he eye widen with fear . aspinall it 's under the fog . it 's right in with we . the growling stop . there 's a beat of silence . then : SOUND : snarling ... and a ripping chomp as dinner be serve . SOUND : a scream . ext . edgar round , close he 's the one scream , and if he remind we of o'banion , that 's okay , because round have also be catch in a trap . he try to run , stumble , fall into the ground fog . he go on scream . we can see he back for a moment , and then it disappear . sound of crunching and scream . round shriek . his hand and arm come up like the hand of a drown man . then it 's go . round be go . ext . the skirmish line they stand there , chest deep in mist , a conspicuous hole in the rank where edgar be . ext . bobby robertson , cu bobby ( moan ) I can not move . Christ Jesus , I can not move ! ext . the skirmish line in the ravine , a new angle the growling start again . the camera pan slowly up the line . the mist swirl , hide whatever 's beneath . ext . aspinall , cu aspinall ( low ) I think we better start back up , Andy . Real slow . Real - the low growl rise to a snarl . and from below the mist , snarling and bestial but understandable , mock aspinall be voice : werewolf ( voice ) " Real slow ! Real slow ! Real slow ! " SOUND : chomp ! aspinall shriek and try to run . he fall into the mist . there be another chomp . when he flounder up , half he face be go . werewolf ( voice ) " Real slow ! Real slow ! " a hairy arm rise from the mist and yank aspinall down . ext . andy'' group they panic and break for it - maggie , billy , and andy for one side , bobby and owen for the other . ext . owen , werewolf's Pov the camera be rushing through the ground mist - this be like be in a airplane that 's skim the top of a cloud . werewolf ( voice ; laugh ) " Real slow ! Real slow ! Real slow ! " ext . owen knopfler he 's hit , as a unlucky swimmer might be hit by a shark . he whirl around , raise the peacemaker bat . owen come on , then ! you want to rock and roll with I ? ext . the ground mist , owen' Pov for a moment there 's nothing - and then the werewolf rise out of it , eye glaring green , muzzle and pelt slime with gore . werewolf " reeeeel slow ! " ext . maggie and andy maggie ( shriek ) look at it ! Holy God , Andy , look at that thing ! andy ( groan with fear ) I do not want to look at it . he run , while maggie stare , mesmerize , at : ext . owen and the werewolf the werewolf close in on owen , who belt it a good one with the peacemaker . the werewolf swipe at he . owen duck and slam it again . the werewolf roar with anger . owen come on , come on ! you want to do the bop ? I will bop you , motherfucker ! come on ! the werewolf dive under the ground mist . uncertain , owen begin to back up , hold the bat in he hand . owen be jerk down into the mist . he scream . the peacemaker rise out of the ground mist and come down . bonk ! the werewolf roar in pain . chomping SOUND . owen shriek . owen ( voice ) come on , you bastard ! the peacemaker rise out of the mist again . the hand hold it be bloody . blood run down the bat . it descend . bonk ! the werewolf roar again . there be a gurgling scream from owen ... and then a curious splintering SOUND as the werewolf sink its fang into the bat . ext . the ravine the camera move above as the werewolf move below , escape down the draw . pause . SOUND , in the b.g. - low but slowly get louder : a congregation sing " bring in the sheave " to the accompaniment of a pipe organ . werewolf ( sing -songy voice ) bring in the sheave ... bring in the sheave ... we shall come rejoice ... bring in the sheave ... the werewolf fade out ; human voice sing the same hymn overwhelm it and we dissolve to : int . holy family catholic church , pulpit Pov morning it 's a almost exact reprise of # 167 . most of the mourner be cry ; mrs . bowie play the organ ; marty be chair park at the back . we can see uncle al , marty , tammy , and mrs . sturmfuller , exactly as they be at brady kincaid be funeral ; in fact , this seem to be a instant reply of that event . one difference : we can not see brady be coffin . it 's below we . the hymn end . int . father lowe , in the pulpit lowe Mr. and Mrs. kincaid have ask that there be no mass say here this afternoon . they do ask I to say a word of comfort to you if I could . int . the congregation , featuring herb kincaid he sit in the first pew . in he grief he look dead . herb there be no comfort , Father . only private justice . int . lowe , at the pulpit he 's throw off he stride . beginning to sweat . he 's like a actor try to remember he line . lowe uh , if there 's any word of comfort I can give you , it 's just this : the face of the beast always become know ; the time - he look down . his eye widen in fear . int . the coffins , lowe's Pov yes , that 's coffin - plural . where brady be coffin be formerly , there be now six coffin , smother with flower . int . lowe , in the pulpit he be badly scared now ; sweat be drip off he . lowe the time ... the time of the beast always pass . there be answer ... way ... way to ... to cope ... if we turn to each other ... herb ( bestial voice ) Father - lowe look toward : int . first row pew , with herb kincaid , lowe's Pov he 's look down at something in he hand . now he look up and we see he face have become bestial . his eye be green . as we look at he , the transformation cotinue . he 's turn into a werewolf . herb ( snarling ) it tore out he heart . and sure enough , herb kincaid hold brady be drip heart up in what be hand but which be now rapidly become paw . int . lester lowe , at the pulpit he stagger back , in terror . lowe ( shriek ) no ! int . the congregation , lowe's Pov mrs . bowie begin bring in a few more sheave on the church organ , and the congregation begin to sing . congregation sowing in the morning / sow seed of kindness / sow in the noontide / and the dewy eve ... we pan they face , stop on joe haller . now something be happen to joe' face . it be bulg , change . he look up from he hymnal and he eye glare green . the pupil be split . he grin , show big tooth . they be all change . among the thing we see be : pete sylvester , who be a church deacon , rush down the aisle , change , snarling . he grab andy fairton and the two of they grapple in the aisle . a young woman with a baby in she arm turn back the blanket cover the baby 's face and we see it 's a wolfling ; already the young woman be own hand be turn into claw . tammy sturmfuller change ; peltzer the druggist change ; the zinneman brother change . at the organ , mrs . bowie be now a werewolf clad in tatter of a silk bombazine dress ; she / it be still wear a veile hat on she head , and she be beat the shit out of the organ key with she claw hand . she sound like Jerry Lee Lewis after swallow about a dozen benny . and now the tune change from the remnant of " bring in the sheave . " it change into the rheingold jingle . congregation ( snarling chorus ) my beer be rheingold the dry beer ... think of rheingold whenever you buy beer ... int . lowe father lowe go stumbling backward , drop he hymnal . the man be in a extremity of terror . rev . lowe no! no! no ! int . the congregation , lowe's Pov some be tear they hymnal apart and throw they at each other . one guy - billy mcclaren , maybe - wing one of they through a stain - glass window . some of the werewolve - for they be all werewolve now - fight or make love in the aisle . the rest sway back and forth , grin ferociously , sing . congregation ( snarling it out ) it 's not bitter , not sweet , it 's a real frosty treat ... int . lowe he look toward : int . the mrs . bowie werewolf , at the organ she grin ferociously up at he , play the rheingold jingle on the pipe organ with she claw . now blood begin to bubble up between the key . mrs . sturmfuller and all wo not you try , will not you buy ... int . the entire congregation the church be a wild shamble of lurching , fight , sing werewolve . it 's like a New Year 's Eve party in hell . congregation ( big finish ) ... rheiinngold beer ! suddenly a claw hand burt up through one of the coffin . and andy fairton , who now look as wolflike as any of they , bite the hand 's claw off . int . rev . lowe , on the podium he 's see all he can stand . he whirl for the back , where there be a small door . he pull it open ... and a brady kincaid werewolf , half tear apart but still somehow alive ( a zombie werewolf , if you can dig it - George romero would like it , I think ) leap out and seize lowe . brady bury he muzzle in lowe's neck . int . lester lowe , ecu he sit up into the camera and scream . sweat be run down he face . he stare at we for a moment , he eye buggy and craze ... and then he close they . there be a expression of huge relief on he face as he do so . lowe ( praying ) let it end , dear Lord . let it end . please let it end . ext . MAIN STREET day a old sedan cruise slowly down the street . anne and tammy sturmfuller be in the front seat . it 's pile high with possession and be towing a jackleg trailer with more stuff in it . ext . haller and pete haller ( indifferently ) Anne sturmfuller and she little girl . pete yeah ... but what be they do ? haller put on my sherlock holme deerstalker cap , I deduce that they be leave . ext . the sturmfuller car , the cop ' Pov day they be head out of town all right , but the thing which perhaps strike we the most forcibly be how empty this place be now . Main Street look like a ghost town . ext . joe haller and pete sylvester , on the sidewalk haller she 's not the only one . lot of people leave town . and I guess if we want a beer , we will have to drink it at home . he nod toward : ext . owen be pub , long ( pete and haller' Pov ) a close sign hang in the door ; above it be a big black wreath . ext . haller and pete pete Joe , what 's wrong with you ? I be not never see you like this . haller ( thoughtful ) I lose my gut . pete ( startle ) bullshit . haller it be the kincaid boy . I look at he ... and I feel it happen . it be no big deal . no worse than pissing down you own leg . you ever do that ? maybe when you be real scared ? pete , distress , do not respond . haller one minute I have I some gut - as much as the next man , anyhow - and then , poof . go . pete be look at he in a kind of terror . pete Joe ... you be go to feel better than this . this ... this feel of yours ... it 's gonna pass ... joe be it ? he walk away , back toward the Municipal Building ( the sign out front remind folk to support the medcu van ! ) while pete look after he , very deeply troubled . ext . a fairground day it 's desert . ride stand still . the midway be desert . the camera pan slowly to a sign which read tarker' mill fairground gala fair october 1 firework at dusk 10 c on every dollar goe to the medcu van fund ! a cheerful enough sign , except for the strip of paper glue diagonally across it : firework canceled . marty ( voice ) it 's not fair . int . the coslaw family station wagon day it 's park across the road from the sign . jane ( voice ) look out , world ! marty the great do not get something he want ! they be distribute just as they be when they arrive at this same fairground earlier . all of they have ice cream cone ; they be come home from a family outing . nan coslaw stop it , Jane . jane well , I do not see why everybody just about break down and cry whenever he - bob stop it , you mother say . they have just pause for a quick look at the sign ; now bob pull out onto the road again and head toward home . int . marty and jane in the backseat jane stick she tongue out at he . marty look away . ext . angle on the coslaw garage day uncle al be sport car be park in the driveway . we hear the clang of a wrench on the cement inside . int . the garage day uncle al and marty be work on the engine of the Silver bullet . uncle al have a six - pack of beer that he 's work through . he and marty sit on the floor . as they talk , uncle al unscrew the last bolt hold the bullet 's carburetor and pull it off . marty it be not enough that the monster kill all that people - that he kill brady . now he 's get they to cancel the fair . uncle al and the firework . Hand I that box , marty . marty hand he a medium -size carton with the word " speed shop " print on it . marty yeah , okay , the firework . Jane think that 's all I be mad about , but it 's not . they do that be just a ... a ... uncle al it 's just a outward symbol of everything that 's inwardly wrong in this town . not bad , huh ? I read sherwood Anderson in college . I can jive that shit all day . marty well ... I like it that you always know how to say thing , uncle Al . uncle al I will give you the telephone number of my ex-wive , dear boy - they will be interested to hear that . marty do not call I dear boy . uncle al but you be , you know - you be my dear boy . he give marty a kiss and smile at he . marty smile back . uncle al look at this . he pull out a brand - new carburetor - it 's a chrome - plate four-barrel . uncle al ( gleeful ) this be gonna turn you wheelchair into a fuck F - 14 , marty - he look around quickly , guiltily . uncle al you mom 's not around , be she ? marty she and dad be out back lighting the barbecue . Jane 's walk around like she 's King shit of turd Mountain . like always . uncle al uh-huh . only in she case I guess it would be Queen shit of turd Mountain . Hand I that adjustable . marty do . uncle al slide the carb onto the gasket and start attach bolt . uncle al the guy kill you best friend , drive you girl out of town , and steal the second - best holiday in the year . have I get it right ? marty ( glum ) you get it right , uncle Al . uncle al yeah , winesburg , Ohio , be never like that ... but I get something that just might cheer you up . marty what ? uncle al wait , dear boy . just wait . Hand I that pliar . ext . uncle al , at the side of the coslaw house day he peek into the backyard . ext . the back yard , uncle al' Pov bob and nan be fussing over the barbecue . jane be hit a badminton birdie . ext . the road in front of coslaw ' , with marty marty be sit in the Silver bullet . uncle al come hurry back from he look - see . uncle al all be cool , marty -boy . go for it . marty push the starter . the engine start at once , but the tone be entirely different . before , marty' wheelchair be a poppety - pop pussycat . now the engine rumble like a hood 's street rod idling at a traffic light . marty look startle . uncle al ( grin ) gun it . marty gun it . the engine roar . uncle al Jesus ! not too much ! marty ( awed ) wow . uncle al you get a pilot 's license , marty ? marty do I need one ? uncle al we be gonna find out . take it down the road a way and back . be careful . marty put the bullet in gear and pull away . ext . marty , in the silver bullet camera track he up the road . he go slowly at first , but he let it out a little after a while . he 's really move along - thirty , maybe forty mile a hour . the wind blow the hair off he forehead . he begin to grin . he 's enjoy this . ext . uncle al , watching he drink some beer . he 's grin , happy for marty . ext . marty , in the silver bullet he slow down , turn , stop . he revs the engine . vroom ! vrroom ! ext . the silver bullet' motor , cu a lot of change back here . it look almost like a motorcyle engine now . that chrome - silver carb predominate . SOUND : varooooooom ! ext . marty , cu grinning . look at : ext . the coslaw house , marty' Pov it 's about a quarter of a mile away . ext . marty , in the silver bullet he wind the engine up and pop the clutch . the Silver bullet do not so much accelerate as blast off . it tilt back on its wheel . marty swivel into a position like that of a astronaut on lift-off . the Silver bullet look like a motorcycle pop a wheelie . marty have a great big grin on he face . ext . the silver bullet , medium -long Roaring down the highway at fifty or better , blue smoke jetting from the exhaust . marty be plaster back in the seat with the footrest point up at a angle . he 's laugh like a lunatic . ext . uncle al , peeking through he finger uncle al ( to himself ) the kid 's dead meat . what have I do ? ( shout ) put a rock in it , marty ! ext . marty in the bullet he use the hand brake . SOUND of brake and squealing rubber . ext . marty and uncle al the Silver bullet come to a screeching , slue stop near uncle al . Blue smoke drift up from the wheel . marty gun the engine once and then let it idle . uncle al you give I a heart attack , marty . I be die . I hope you be happy , because you be look at a die man . marty it really go fast . thanks , uncle Al . uncle al it go fast , all right - and if you mother find out just how fast , marty , I will have a new job . sing soprano with the Vienna boy ' choir . marty I do not get you . uncle al I know you do not . but I want this to be we secret . you get that , do not you ? marty sure . uncle al good . ext . the night sky , with the moon the last bit of daylight be just filter away . ext . the coslaw backyard the barbecue be over . bob and jane be put lawn chair on the back porch . marty , nan , and uncle al be all in the f.g. uncle al I have get to go , nan - I have a wonderful time . he kiss she cheek affectionately , and she smile at he . nan so have I , actually ... I wish it could always be like this . uncle al see I around to my car , marty , and make sure I stay out of trouble at least that long . marty okay . he and uncle al go around to the driveway . nan look at they with troubled love . ext . the coslaw driveway , with marty and uncle al uncle al now I say I have something for you , as I believe you will recall . marty yeah ! what be it ? al unlock the trunk of he car and bring out a paper shopping bag . he place the bag in marty be lap . marty open the bag , but it 's really too dark to see inside . he reach in and bring out a handful of assort firework - cracker , Roman candle , twizzer , smoke bomb , etc . a expression of sublime delight fill marty' face as he inventory this goody . uncle al you be gonna have the fourth of July in October , marty . just do not blow you head off . ( pause ) and remember that it be not just the firework . it 's because no crazy shithead should be able to stop the good guy , if you can dig that . marty ( respectfully ) I can dig it - thank you , uncle Al ! thank you ! uncle al stay near the house , for Christ 's sake - someone 's kill people . I have to be out of my mind to be do this , you know . marty yeah , I know . it 's great ! uncle al one of the reason I love you , marty , be that you be almost as crazy as I be . please do not set off anything that go bang tonight , okay ? just bright color . can you tell the difference ? marty yeah ... sure . uncle al save this one for last . he bring out a short rocket with stubby vane on the end . a fat fuse stick out behind the head . marty what be it ? uncle al a tracer . you will like it . marty thanks a million , uncle Al ! uncle al you be welcome a million , marty . stick them in the bush for now . marty motor over to the side of the garage , where there 's a line of bush , and conceal the bag in they . uncle al get in he car and start it up . marty come back . uncle al ( grin ) have a good time , dear boy ! and watch out for the werewolve ! he leave . marty sit in he wheelchair , wave . ext . the rear of the coslaw house night there 's a downspout outside one of the upstairs window . now the window go up and marty lean out . he grasp the downspout and begin work he way down . this should not be too hard for we to believe ; we have already see how strong marty be arm be . his leg dangle limply , but he 's do just fine . when he reach the bottom of the drainpipe , they simply crumple under he and he use he arm to pull himself over to the back porch . marty hoist himself over the porch rail . here , under a tarp , be the Silver bullet . marty push the tarp aside and get in . he use he hand on the wheel to get over the porch ramp and roll silently down it . at the bottom he look up at : ext . a upstair window , marty' Pov night still a light on up there . ext . marty , in the bullet marty ( whisper ) shit ! thinks a bit , then start to hand - roll the bullet toward : ext . the path between the house and the garage marty come slowly up the path . we hear soft grunt of exertion ; he 's still hand - turn the wheel for the sake of silence , and it 's hard work . he stop at the line of bush and get the bag of firework . he put it on he lap and start move again . ext . the coslaw driveway , from the road the driveway have a slight downslant , and marty coast easily out to the road . he turn right and begin to roll slowly along the verge of the highway , still use he hand . we can see that the light be still on upstairs . marty turn back once to verify this himself , then keep on go . he 's not go to be deprive of he treat . ext . marty he decide he 's far enough away to be safe . he push the starter button . the engine crank , cough , and crank some more . marty frown , and pull out a wire - a rudimentary choke , I suppose . he push the starter button again . it crank , but do not start . marty push in the wire , look concerned now , and try again . this time , after the engine have cranke over a few time , it start . marty ( softly ) all right ! he put it in gear and start off . ext . the road , with marty , extremely long what we see be a tiny boy in a tiny wheelchair move along a dark , empty ribbon of road under a vast dome of star . distant SOUND : the bullet 's engine . ext . a roadside turnout night SOUND : fast-rush water . the turnout be pack dirt . there 's a grove of tree with picnic table spot among they at the back . the sign in the extreme f.g. read roadside rest area at the top ; auger fall in the middle ; TOWNSHIP of tarker' mill at the bottom . SOUND : the Silver bullet approach . marty turn in and roll to the back of the rest area . he stop by one of the picnic table and dump the bag of firework out onto the picnic table and take he time select the first - he 's like a wine fancier with a whole cellar of rare bottle to choose from . at last he choose a twizzer . he take match from the pocket of he pajama top and light the fuse . when it start to fizz , marty toss it high into the air . marty ( soft ) here 's one for the good guy ! ext . the twizzer it fly in a arc over the drop . ext . the twizzer , from the bottom of the CUT the camera track its fall onto some rock at the edge of the waterfall 's catch pool . SOUND : growl . ext . the creek , with the werewolf it have be drink from the creek . it look more than half human now - we would be able to recognize it for sure , but its face be in shadow . it turn from the creek and get up on its hind leg . ext . the twizzer , on the rock it 's gutter out . a hand - paw touch it and draw back quickly . SOUND : hurt , angry growl . ext . marty , in the rest area he 's get ready to light one of the fountain . he pause and look toward the cut . he 's hear something - but the waterfall muffle it . he light the fountain 's fuse , set it on the ground , and roll the bullet back a few foot . the fountain burst into a shower of light . marty ( delighted ) all right ! ext . the slope of the CUT , medium long the waterfall be in the b.g. the werewolf be climb the rocky slope . ext . the fountain , cu it go out . ext . marty he roll over to the picnic table and get a Roman candle . he plant the stick in the ground and light the fuse . the Roman candle shoot into the sky . ext . the roman candle burst into color light . ext . the werewolf , near the top of the CUT , medium long it growls ... and shake its fist at the fade light in the sky . ext . marty he 's hold another fountain in one hand and he match in the other . he 's look toward the cut and the waterfall . marty be someone there ? ext . the werewolf , near the top of the CUT it freeze , growling faintly . ext . marty with a little shrug , he light the fuse on the fountain and set it on the ground , as before . ext . the back of the grove , at the top of the CUT claw -hands settle over the top . ext . the fountain , cu it throw off fiery swirl of spark , then begin to die down . ext . marty he 's check out the stuff on the table for he next choice when he hear a clear SOUND : a snapping , splintering branch . ext . the grove , with the werewolf it 's run into a low-hanging branch . instead of push it aside or ducking under it , it simply rip it off the tree . although the branch be pretty big , the werewolf do this as easily as a hungry man might rip a drumstick off a Thanksgiving turkey . it throw the branch aside and advance , hunch over on two leg . ext . marty marty ( terrify ) who 's there ? ext . the grove at the back of the rest area , marty' Pov the grove be a darken shadowland . ext . marty he punch the bullet 's starter . the motor crank and crank . no go , though . marty pull out the choke wire , alternate terrify stare at the grove of tree with terrify stare at he rudimentary dashboard . ext . the grove , marty' Pov here it come , out of the shadow , close in . ext . marty work that starter for all it 's worth ... but the motor only crank . still no start . ext . clawe , furry feet ext . marty he give up on the motor . he look toward the picnic table where the firework be . he grab up the tracer . he get the match out of the breast pocket of he p.j. 's and promptly drop they in he lap . he scrabble for they . ext . the werewolf , marty' Pov we can not see its face in the dark , but it 's closer ... much closer . ext . marty he try to hold the tracer and strike a match at the same time . he can not ; to do that he would need at least one more hand . he put the tube of the tracer between he tooth and try again . ext . the matchbook and marty' hand he strike the match ... too hard ! it bend , the neck break . marty ( voice ; moan ) oh , please ... ext . werewolf claw , open and close ext . marty he be in a extremity of terror . ext . the matchbook and marty' hand , cu he pull a fresh match from the book and strike it . it light . ext . the werewolf it recoil - we still can not see its face except for a vague shadow . ( note : I keep emphasize the shadow face , because this be not a full - moon period . I have be go on the assumption that the guy kind of work he way up to full wolfiness , toothiness , hairiness , etc. , start with a partial change at about the second quarter . it 's a process like the tide come in . thus , if we see marty be attacker clearly at this point , I think we would recognize he . ) ext . marty , in the silver bullet he take the tracer from he mouth and apply the match to the fuse . it splutter alight . ext . marty and the werewolf , a wider shot the werewolf be less than twenty foot away . the tracer flare alight and shoot out of marty be hand , leave a pink - orange trail of smoke behind it . the missile fly at the werewolf 's head . ext . the werewolf the tracer strike it in the face , and we see a flash of fire . the werewolf scream and blunder away . ext . marty , in the silver bullet he punch the starter again . the motor crank . ext . the motor of the silver bullet the motor cough and fire ; a big blue flame jump from the fancy carb ... and the engine start to run . ext . the werewolf it 's staggering away , roaring and howling . the tube of the tracer be stick out of its face - from its leave eye , in fact - like a indian 's arrow . the werewolf smashes branch out of its way . ext . marty in the silver bullet he wheel the bullet around and head for the road , gasp and weep with fear . ext . the werewolf , in the grove it 's blunder through the tree . it pull the tube from its face with a animal scream and drop it . ext . the tracer , cu it lie smolder on the ground . the end be slick with blood . ext . the road , with marty the bullet be really wheeling . marty be panting , out of breath , still deeply frighten . ext . the wood , with the werewolf we see it blunder along , hold its face ; blood bubbles through its finger . werewolf ( snarling voice ) bastard marty ! bastard marty ! kill you ! reeeal slow ! ext . coslaw driveway , with marty he power up it , and along the path to the back . perhaps he have enough speed to cut the engine and coast . int . marty' bedroom his bed be by the window . his hand appear on the windowsill , and marty pull himself in . he fall over onto he bed and lie there , spend and exhaust and tremble . ext . the coslaw house , very early morning SOUND : ringing telephone ( filter ) int . the coslaw live room , with marty he 's sit in the " house " wheelchair in the live room , hold the phone tensely to he ear as the ringing SOUND go on . a click as the phone be pick up . uncle al ( muzzy voice ) ' lo ? go away . marty it 's a werewolf ! I see it ! last night - int . uncle al' bedroom not a really spiffy place - the decor be early american alcoholic . there 's a mostly unclad lady asleep on one side of the bed . uncle al be sit on the other in he skivvy , phone to he ear . there be a lot of bottle and heape ashtray around , and uncle al have a big old hangover . uncle al you dream it , marty . marty ( voice ) no ! I go out late last night - and - uncle al there be no such thing as werewolve . please , dear boy , have some pity . he hang up and fall back into bed . girl ( muzzy voice ) whowuzzit ? uncle al obscene phone caller . go back to sleep . ext . the back porch , with marty he 's sit on the Silver bullet , just look at the yard . jane come out . jane marty ? you okay ? you have just be sit here all morning . marty where 's Mom ? jane go shopping . why ? marty Jane , I have to talk to you . jane ( mistrustfully ) about what ? marty look at she earnestly . marty I need you to help I . uncle Al will not believe I , and if you will not help I , I ... I ... marty have to stop . he 's almost cry . jane ( concerned ) marty , what be it ? ext . MAIN STREET , medium long , with jane jane be push a supermarket shopping cart with a lot of beer and soda bottle in it . on the side be a sign read medcu bottle and can drive - plus a outline draw of the medcu unit . jane ( voice - over ) he tell I something that be clearly unbelievable ... and yet , somehow I believe most of it . and I understand one thing with total clarity : marty himself believe it all . she turn into a yard and pull she cart up the walk to the door . she mount the step and ring the bell . ext . the porch , with jane , a closer shot a sheer curtain at one side of the door be pull aside and a fearful face - that of mrs . thayer - look out . then we hear bolt be pull and lock - at least three of they - be unlock . the lady be take no chance . mrs . thayer Jane ? jane ( politely ) I be collect returnable bottle and can for the medcu drive , missus thayer - I just wonder if you have any . her husband come up the hall . mr. thayer who be it ? mrs . thayer Jane coslaw . ext . jane what we see mostly be she eye - bright , inquire . jane hi , Mr. thayer . int . lon thayer , ecu what we see mostly be he brown eye . mr. thayer hello , Jane . ext . the porch , with jane and mrs . thayer mrs . thayer bring you cart around to the back , Jane - we will look in the garage . jane thank you . she start down the step and we dissolve to : ext . jane , on MAIN STREET day amazing how desert tarker 's Mills look . jane be push she cart . even more bottle in it now . jane ( voice - over ) uncle Al have not believe he , but uncle Al be thirty - five that summer and I be fourteen ... at fourteen you can still believe the unbelievable , although even then that ability be grow rusty , be prepare to squeal to a stop . she be pass the Holy family rectory . lester lowe be out front , digging in he flower garden . he be shirtless , back to jane and to we ; he black shirt with the turn - around collar hang informally on a bush . jane ( call ) hi , Father lowe ! lowe ( without turn ) top of the morning to you , Jane coslaw ! jane I be go to bring in a monster load of bottle in a hour or so ! lowe ( still digging ) that 's great , Jane ... I will be wait . ext . jane , farther down MAIN STREET she stop at Robertson 's luncheonette , leave she cart outside , and go in . the camera float to the window ; we see jane explain about the bottle campaign to bobby while a few man seat at the counter listen . int . jane , ecu Wide eye , mostly . int . bobby robertson , ecu mostly eye . int . robertson' , featuring jane as she turn away , she eye sweep the man at the counter . int . the men , jane's Pov some of they - peltzer , virgil cute - be familiar . other be not . the camera pan there face closely , featuring there eye . ext . outside robertson' , with jane she grab the handle of the cart again and proceed down Main Street . she go into the barber shop . jane ( v- of ) marty have see where the tracer have strike home , he say , and I go out that day do more than just look for returnable can and bottle - I be look for a man - or woman - with only one eye . int . the barber shop day as jane enter , billy mcclaren be give one man a trim . another man be tip back with he face wrap in a towel . two or three other towny be wait on tonsorial beautification , read magazine . none , of course , have only one eye . jane check they all out carefully . billy I know what you be after , Jane , and you be out of luck . Little Toby whittislaw be in yesterday , and I give them all to he . jane oh ... okay . but she eye have fix on the towel over the face of the man in the other barber chair . she walk over to he . int . jane and the toweled man , closer on jane that you , Mr. fairton ? andy fairton ( muffle ) no - it 's Ronald McDonald . I come in for a shave and a burger . the man laugh . jane smile politely . and pull the hot towel away from he eye . his two eye . jane ( sweetly ) get any bottle , Mr. fairton ? andy no ! jane ( just as sweet ) oh ... okay . she put the towel back and the camera follows as she return to the door . jane ' bye , Mr. mcclaren . billy ( amused ) ' bye , Jane . andy ( muffle ) Jesus ! jane go out . ext . jane , at the rectory she push the shopping cart up to the gate , open it , and go up the walk to the foot of lowe be porch step . she leave it there and climb to the porch . ext . jane , on the porch the screen door be shut , the inner wooden door open . int . the rectory hallway , jane's Pov Dark and empty . sound in the kitchen . eating sound , maybe - or maybe we can not tell . ext . jane , on the porch she knock on the screen door . jane Father lowe ! I be ready to turn in my bottle and can ! int . the kitchen lowe be stand by the refrigerator door . he 's hold a raw leg of lamb and tear at it with he tooth . Lamb blood smear he face and run down he arm . he be as human as you or I ( in a manner of speak , as uncle al would say ) , but when jane speak , he head snap up and he eye flare - he one eye . the other be cover by a patch . jane ( voice ) Father ? lowe take you cart around to the garage and unload , Jane ! then bring I you tally sheet ! ext . jane , on the porch jane okay ! ext . jane , a wider shot she go down the step and start to push the cart around the house . int . the kitchen , with lowe he cross to the window over the kitchen sink , the bloody chunk of meat still in he hand , and look out . ext . jane , lowe's Pov she push the cart along a path toward a combination garage and utility shed at the back . int . the kitchen , with lowe still watch jane , he begin to gnaw ravenously at the meat again . ext . jane , at the shed -garage she open the door and slowly push she cart inside . int . the utility shed - garage , with jane this be a creepy little place , now fill with bottle and can that have be cramme in helter - skelter , every which way . jane obviously do not like it . she begin to unload she cart rapidly , mumble number to herself . SOUND : squeaking . jane look down . int . the utility shed - garage floor , jane's Pov a good-size mouse come out from between a pile of stack bottle and run across jane be shoe . int . jane she utter a litle scream and shrink back against the wall , bump it quite hard . hard enough to knock something off a overhead shelf . it fall into the bottle , shatter several . jane scream again - not terribly loud - and then slowly bend toward the object and pick it up . jane hold it , both puzzle and scared . ext . the back door of the rectory jane approach it , hold a piece of paper in she hand - she tally sheet . she knock . wait . there be no answer . she knock again . wait . no answer . she try the door . it open . jane Father lowe ? no answer . after a moment of interior debate , jane enter the kitchen . int . jane , in the rectory kitchen she look around . no one here . but there be a bloody spot on the counter - lowe must have set he grisly luncheon down here for a moment . she walk slowly across the kitchen and into the dark hall . jane Father lowe ?... I have get my tally sheet ... farther into the hall . a hand drop onto she shoulder . lowe ( voice ) very good , Jane ! she jump , and so do we . she turn around and look up at : int . father lowe , ecu feature he eye - he eye , rather . the leave be cover with a black eye-patch . lowe ( grin ) good , jane. very ... very good . he hold he hand out , and jane put the tally sheet in it like one in a dream . she can not take she eye off that black patch , which tell she everything . int . the hallway , with jane and lowe lowe ( concerned ) Jane ! you be tremble ! jane I ... I do not feel so well , I guess maybe I get too much sun . lowe would you like to come in the parlor and lie down for a bit ? or have a cold drink ? I have some soda - jane no! ( softer ) that be , I have to get home and help my mom with lunch . lowe I will give you a ride ! jane be retreate down the hall toward the front door . jane no - she ... she be go to meet I at the market . I will be fine . int . lowe , cu how much do he know ? how much have he guess ? hard to tell from he face , which now seem sinister , with its eye-patch . lowe give my best to you brother , Jane . int . jane , at the porch end of the hallway jane I will . she bolt . int . lowe , in the hallway camera hold on he , stand silent and enigmatic . lowe ( soft ) Real slow . ext . the coslaw backyard , with marty his eye be wide . he 's lean forward in he wheelchair . marty ( almost moan ) oh , jeez ! what do you do then ? ext . jane and marty she 's change into short and a blouse . jane I run faster than I ever run in my life - what do you think , dummox ? by the time I get back here , I really think I be go to faint . ( pause ) what be we go to do , marty ? if we try to tell anybody - grow -up , I mean - they would laugh . what be we go to do ? marty ( thoughtfully ) I think I know . int . a sheet of rule school notebook paper , cu a hand - marty be - come into the frame and print : I know who you be , and I know what you be . int . marty' room , with marty he 's sit at he desk , a pool of light from the lamp focus on the sheet of paper before he . he think a moment , then begin to write again . int . the notebook pad , cu he be add : why don't you kill yourself ? int . marty , at he desk he study this for a second , and seem satisfied . he open a drawer , bring out a envelope , and fold he letter into it . ext . jane , on MAIN STREET she have the letter in she hand . she approach the mailbox , open the mailbox door , and then glance at the envelope again . ext . the envelope , jane's Pov address in pencil , it say : father lester lowe / holy family rectory ; 149 MAIN STREET / tarker' mill , maine . ext . jane , at the mailbox she drop the letter in with the air of a girl lighting the fuse on a packet of high explosive . she turn away toward home . int . the rectory live room , with lester lowe he 's stand at the window and look out . the torn-open envelope be on a end table beside he . he 's hold the line sheet of paper in he hand . a expression of bitter hate twist he feature , and he slowly crumple the paper in he fist . ext . jane , at the MAIN STREET mailbox she drop in another letter and walk away . jane ( v- of ) I mail another letter for marty the next day ... a third the day after that . then , on Saturday ... ext . the tarker' mill common , long park at the curb be uncle al be sport car . jane ( v- of ) ... we tell uncle Al what we would be up to . ( pause ) his reaction be less than serene . ext . uncle al , jane , and marty , on the common uncle al holy-jumped-up-baldheaded-jesus-christ ! jane uncle Al - uncle al ( to jane ) from he I would expect it . I sometimes think he common sense get paralyze along with he leg . but you , Jane ! you ! Little polly practical ! jane ( quiet ) you do not understand . uncle al ( wildly ) oh , I understand plenty ! I understand that my niece and nephew be send the local Catholic priest little love note suggest that he gargle with a break light bulb or eat a rat-poison omelet ! marty it come for I ! I shot it in the eye ! now he 's wear a eye-patch ! uncle al I call peltzer on my way over here , marty ! Father lowe come into the drugstore two day ago for a bottle of otic solution . that 's a fancy way of say eyewash . he 's get a corneal inflammation . marty be it a prescription ? uncle al what the hell do that matter ? marty it be not - I will bet you it be not . because to get a prescription he would have to see a doctor . uncle al marty , marty , you should hear yourself ! marty well ... be it a prescription ? uncle al I do not know . but I know you do not see any werewolf the other night , marty . you have a dream , that 's all . a extremely realistic nightmare bring on by what 's be happen in this town . marty what about the baseball bat Jane see in he shed ? you know who use to have a baseball bat like that ? Mr. knopfler ! he be so proud of it he use to carry it in the fourth of July parade ! Jane say it look like the Green giant use it for a toothpick ! uncle al you want to know what I think ? marty no - we just get you out here so we could admire you pretty face . uncle al watch it , dear boy . I think it be a hallucination . probably a broomstick , or something . jane ( indignant ) it be not ! you want I to show you ! come on ! I be not afraid ! I will show you right now ! uncle al no thank you , Jane . I be a little old for paly the hardy boy meet the Catholic werewolf . jane stamp she foot , furious with uncle al . marty never mind , Jane . he will have get rid of it by now anyway . ext . outside of robertson' luncheonette the Silver bullet stand outside . the door open and uncle al , jane , and marty come out . uncle al be carry marty piggyback . marty have a ice cream cone . jane be hold two . uncle al squat , deposit marty in the bullet . marty start the engine as jane hand uncle al he ice cream cone . the three of they start up the street and the camera track they . jane if Father lowe be a innocent little lamb , why have not he pick up the telephone and call constable haller to tell he marty 's send poison - pen letter ? uncle al I do not accept the idea that he know who he letter writer be , Jane . because I do not accept the idea that there be a big bad wolf who see marty in he wheelchair . jane why have not he pick up the phone and tell constable haller that someone be send he poison - pen letter ? uncle al stop . he have not think of this . he look toward : ext . the catholic rectory , long - uncle al' Pov lester lowe be mow the lawn , eye-patch and all . ext . MAIN STREET , with uncle al , marty , and jane uncle al ( a bit perplex ) well ... he probably do . I mean , he could make a complaint without take a ad out in the paper , could not he ? marty I will bet you a quarter that eyewash stuff be nonprescription . and I will bet you another quarter he have not say anything to Mr. haller . uncle al marty , do you see you suspect ? ext . the rectory lawn , with lester lowe keeps on move . mr. aspinall drive by and wave . lowe wave back . ext . MAIN STREET , with uncle al , marty , and jane marty ( grim ) yes , I see he . uncle al do you really think that a man who take a rocket in the eye three night ago could be out mow he lawn ? he would either be in the hospital ... or dead . marty I do not shoot he when he be a man . I shot he when he be - uncle al when he be a werewolf . yes. right. Jesus . Jane , you do not really believe this madness , do you ? jane I do not know exactly what I believe . but I know that what I see be a baseball bat and not a broomstick . I know there be something strange about the way the house smell that day . it smell like a animal 's de . and I believe in marty . I mean - there be time when he make I so mad I could kill he , but I still believe in he . ( pause ) you use to believe in he , too , uncle Al . uncle al look momentarily ashamed of himself . then he throw he hand up in disgust . uncle al kid ! he walk ahead of they . marty bat he eye sweetly at jane . she walk on , miff . marty goose the Silver bullet to catch up . ext . a field on the outskirt of town day it 's midafternoon . a bunch of kid be play baseball . in the extreme f.g. we see one small boy - marty - sit back to we in he wheelchair , watch . ext . a old coupe it draw slowly along a tree-line lane and stop . lester lowe be behind the wheel . sound of the baseball game continue . ext . the baseball field , and marty , lowe's Pov the camera move slowly in on marty' back . ext . lester lowe lowe ( quietly ) Little bastard . ext . a fly ball ext . the field , a wider shot the field team head in . kid start stream back toward town . ext . marty the outfielder who catch the fly trot past , and glance he way . outfielder you comin ' down to Robertson 's for a soda , marty ? marty no - I guess I will go home . I think that here we be see a rare moment of depression in marty - they can run and play ball . he can not . outfielder okay - seeya ! marty yeah ... seeya . he fire up the bullet and start away alone . ext . lowe's coupe he start it up . ext . marty , lowe's Pov he bump up a grassy slope to a tar road . the last of the other kid be head back the other way . marty be alone . ext . lowe's coupe it turn out of the lane where it be park and onto the road . ext . marty' wheelchair , lowe's Pov marty be back be to we . the wheelchair draw rapidly closer to the camera as lowe bear down on it . int . lowe , behind the coupe' wheel he lean over the wheel , grin sadistically . lowe ( whisper ) bastard . ext . marty , in the silver bullet he 's daydream he way along - maybe , inside he head , he 's play center field for the dodger . SOUND : winding roar of a car engine . marty turn around . ext . lowe's coupe , marty' Pov , roaring at the camera ext . marty and lowe's coupe marty open the throttle wide and the bullet swerve across the road . the coupe 's bumper actually clip it on the way by , jolting marty and almost overturn the bullet . lowe be coupe veer over the embankment and partway down into the ditch . int . lowe , behind the wheel of the coupe lowe oh , you bastard ! he floor the engine . ext . the coupe' rear wheel spin helplessly in the dirt . ext . marty , in the silver bullet he speed past the coupe , and thumb he nose . int . lowe , in the coupe he 's in a tooth -grind fury . he jam the gear-shift lever into reverse and floor the gas pedal again . ext . the coupe it roar backward in a cloud of ditch dust and bounce onto the road . then it scream out after the rapidly disappear Silver bullet . ext . the silver bullet , with marty he hear the growling SOUND of lester lowe be coupe . he look behind . ext . the coupe roar toward the camera . ext . marty , in the silver bullet he twist the throttle and the Silver bullet respond . ext . chase montage the director will shoot it as he like - the basis be simple : lowe be chase marty 's hop - up wheelchair along a country road at speed approach fifty mph . marty should have a couple of near miss , and perhaps we could actually have he pass one car . at one point we should have a reverse angle on lester lowe be coupe , feature two bumper sticker : attend and support you local church and honk if you love jesus ! as the chase go on it become apparent that lowe be gain . marty look increasingly desperate . and now he look down at : ext . the silver bullet' gas gauge , marty' Pov the needle be all the way over on " E . " ext . marty he groan . SOUND of the coupe 's engine grow louder . ext . the coupe and the silver bullet lowe charge , rapidly close the distance . marty swerve from one side of the road to the other , escape lowe for the moment but almost overturn in the process . they be now run beside a river - the auger River , in fact . ext . the bullet' gas gauge now the needle be actually past " E . " ext . marty marty come on , baby ... come on ... his face register hope as he see : ext . roadside sign , marty' Pov auger river cover bridge 2000 feet ahead automobile prohibited ! ext . marty , in the bullet he twist the throttle as far as it will turn - he 's go for break . the coupe chase he - and now the Silver bullet 's motor cough . ext . the bridge , marty' Pov it 's pretty ramshackle . a big orange sign beside it read : bridge unsafe ! truck and auto absolutely prohibited ! ext . the silver bullet marty brake , hit the shoulder of the road , and somehow make the turn . we see he hold on for dear life as the Silver bullet bounce and jounce down the dirt road to the mouth of the cover bridge . ext . lowe's coupe it overshoot the right turn marty just take , screech to a halt , back up , and turn onto the lane . ext . the silver bullet it bounce up the incline to the bridge , motor coughing and spluttering . ext . the coupe it come to a slide , dirt -digging stop . int . lowe , behind the wheel his face be so full of frustrated hate that it have become the face of a gargoyle . ext . the sign prohibiting motor traffic , lowe's Pov ext . / int . the cover bridge , with the bullet it 's dim and spooky in here . crack between the board of the side wall allow dusty finger of daylight to shine through . more light ray up from the crack in the floor . the floorboard be warpe and uneven ; marty' wheelchair sway drunkenly from side to side . the total inside passage be about seventy foot . about halfway across , the Silver bullet cough its last cough and splutter its last splutter . it roll along silently , go on its die momentum . ext . the far end of the bridge , marty' Pov drawing closer . we hear the sound of board rumbling under the Silver bullet 's tire and the auger River beneath . ext . marty , reverse Rolling ever more slowly , the Silver bullet approach the camera ... and stop . marty be cover with sweat . his hair be in a wild tangle . he 's panting . he look at : ext . the lane leading away from the bridge , marty' Pov this be a extremely rustic lane . pretty , but hardly the sort of place in which one would want to find oneself when one have a part- time werewolf and a full - time homicidal maniac close behind . ext . marty , at the mouth of the bridge lowe ( soft voice ) marty ... marty be head whip around . ext . the far end of the bridge , marty' Pov we see a brilliant square of light . in it stand lowe be silhouette . the silhouette begin to move . SOUND of footfalls on the loose floorboard of the cover bridge . int . lowe's shoe sensible black oxford . lowe I be very sorry about this . I do not know if you believe that or not , but it 's true . I would never willingly hurt a child . you should have leave I alone , marty . SOUND of footfalls resume . ext . marty he 's nearly paralyze with terror - even if he be not , he would not get far in a powerless Silver bullet . int . lowe , in the shadow lowe ( soft ; soothing ) I can not kill myself , marty . you see , we religion teach that suicide be the great sin a man or a woman can commit . stella randolph be go to commit suicide ; if she have do so , she would be burn in hell right now . by kill she I take she physical life but save she life eternal . you see , marty ? you see how all thing serve the will and the mind of God ? you see , you meddle little shit ! he begin to walk forward again . ext . lowe , marty' Pov he 's halfway across the bridge now , walk slowly , not hurry . lowe you be go to have a terrible accident , marty . you be go to fall into the river . SOUND : tractor engine . lowe stop , alert to possible danger . ext . marty tractor SOUND be louder . marty be face fill with hope . he look from lowe toward : ext . the lane , marty' Pov the tractor SOUND get louder still , and here come elmer zinneman on a John deere . the tractor be haul a manure spreader which be mostly empty . ext . marty marty ( wave madly ) Mr. Zinneman ! Mr. Zinneman ! int . the cover bridge , with lowe he draw back a little , and he face be sharp with animal cun - inside he head he 's run a four-minute mile . stay and try to bluff it out , or beat it ? ext . elmer and marty elmer draw the tractor up close to marty and swing it around . marty look back at : int . the cover bridge , marty' Pov empty . SOUND of a car starting , faint . ext . marty and elmer marty look back at elmer . marty I run out of gas . elmer spooky in there , ennit ? marty ( with feel ) it sure be ! he look back once more toward : ext . / int . the cover bridge , marty' Pov brood , shadowy . camera hold and we dissolve to : ext . the coslaw backyard day marty be talk to uncle al . jane be behind they , knock croquet ball through the wicket on the back lawn . marty be look at he uncle anxiously as jane stroll over . uncle al well ... it 's a lot easier to swallow without the hair and the foam jaw . also , I check on the otic solution . it be counter brand . no prescription need . marty I tell you ! uncle al shut up , dear boy - no gloat allow . jane ( sit down ) do you talk to the constable ? uncle al after marty call I with he latest thrill Tale of wonder , I do . ( pause ) he 's have no poison - pen complaint lodge at all . marty I tell you ! jane shut up , marty . uncle al ( reluctantly ) there 's something else . marty jane what be it ? what other thing ? uncle al I probably should not tell you - you be both hysterical on the subject . I be start to feel like a guy hand out free Arthur Murray coupon to victim of the dance sickness . marty uncle Al , if you do not tell I - he make strangling gesture . uncle al ( reluctant ) I go out to that rest area . marty ( triumph ) you find the tracer ? uncle al no ... but I find some blood , smear on a tree trunk in that grove . marty there ! you see ! uncle al it could have be anything , marty . marty what about Father lowe chase I in he car and try to run I down ? you do not think that be a dream , do you ? uncle al no. uncle al come over to jane's side of the Silver bullet . he look down at : ext . the frame of the bullet there 's a scrape and a dent where lowe's coupe dent it . there be also a fleck of paint . ext . uncle al and jane , cu uncle al lowe 's car - ? jane Blue . this blue . uncle al Jesus . ext . the night sky , with the moon Three -quarter full . the camera pan down to the tarker 's Mills town hall . uncle al be sport car be park out front . int . the constable's office , with haller and uncle al haller be behind he desk , rock back in he chair , hand lace together behind he head . he 's look at uncle al . there 's a silence that draw out for quite some time . in it , uncle al become steadily more uncomfortable . haller that 's just about the craziest damn story I have ever hear , Al . uncle al I know . I could have edit out all of the completely crazy stuff , but I think you deserve to hear it with the bark on . haller I appreciate that . now , the next question : do you believe any of this ? you do , do not you ? uncle al let 's just say I believe lester lowe should be check out . haller rise . haller that can be arrange . they shake hand . ext . the rectory night a chevrolet with tarker' mill constable paint on the side in gold leaf pull up . joe haller get out , and as he do there 's a business of pull he pants leg down over he boot - nice stitched cowboy boot , not black cop 's shoe . we want the audience to notice this boot , remember they - probably haller should wear they all through the picture . he go up the walk . haller ring the doorbell . no one come . haller ring the bell again . wait . no one come . he lean down and look through a side window . int . the rectory hall and sitting room , haller' Pov no one there . ext . haller he go down the step , stand on the path for a moment , and then go over to the shed - garage . he open the door and look in . ext . / int . the garage , haller' Pov lowe be coupe be in there . there 's just room for it amid the shadowy pile of bottle and can . int . the garage , with haller he go around to the front of lowe's coupe and squat down . in the b.g. : a heape mountain of aluminum beer and soda can . haller feel in he breast pocket and bring out a Zippo . he light it and look at : int . the coupe , cu one of the turn-signal lamp be break . there 's a scratch in the paint and a dent in the bumper . haller be finger come into the frame and touch the scratch . they stop , and the camera zoom in to a small streak of silvery paint . as marty have a scrape of blue car paint on he wheelchair , so do lowe have a scrape of silver wheelchair paint on he car . int . haller his eye widen . SOUND : shatter roar and the clink and tumble of about nine thousand can as lowe erupt from under the aluminum scrap heap behind haller . he be a mixture of man and werewolf , and quite clearly a beastial version of lowe . in one hand he hold the remain of owen knopfler be peacemaker . haller start to turn ; lowe strike he with the bat . camera close in on lowe as the bat rise and fall ... rise and fall . we can not see haller , and that be probably a mercy , but we can hear the thud of the bat as it strike again and again and again . ext . the rest area at auger fall , with marty , al , jane day uncle al have take the coslaw family station wagon today . the three of they be sit in the grove of tree . marty Mr. haller say he would check he out , and guess what ? no one see he again ! uncle al and what do you suggest I do about it , dear boy ? marty slip off he St. Christopher 's medallion and hand it to uncle al . marty I want you to turn this into a silver bullet . uncle al you be not go to let it go , be you ? marty I see what I see . uncle al marty , the moon be not even full ! jane ( quietly ) in the make - up storey , the guy who 's the werewolf only change when the moon be full . but maybe he 's really that way almost all the time , only as the moon get fuller ... marty ( finish ) ... the guy get wolfier . jane ( hand al she crucifix ) here . take mine , too . marty Jane ... you do not have to do that . jane do not tell I what I have to do and what I do not , booger -brain . marty will you marry I , Jane ? uncle al would you kid mind tell I how this guy lowe become a werewolf to begin with ? jane I do not know . maybe he do not know , either . marty no one know how cancer begin , either - or exactly what it be - but people still believe in it . uncle al the kid be eleven year old and already he sound like a Jesuit . a french Jesuit . marty I think he 's go to come for I . not just because I know who he be , but because I hurt he . only I do not think he will try again as lowe . uncle al dear boy , you have go right out of you mind . marty will you do it ? uncle al only look at he , confuse and unsure . ext . a country road , with the coslaw station wagon day uncle al be take the kid home - the camera track the wagon for a moment , and then we be look up the short lane and into a gravel pit . the camera zoom in , fast , on the sandy rear wall . we can see one cowboy boot stick out of a wall of sand . it 's bloody and chew . ext . the coslaw driveway day the wagon pull in . int . the car , with marty , jane , and uncle al marty please , uncle Al . jane will you ? the St. cristopher 's medal and the crucifix be hang from the rearview on a fine silver chain . uncle al take down the medal and look at it . uncle al all right . I give up . yes . marty jane all right ! thanks ! thank you , uncle Al ! uncle al if either of you ever tell anyone I even buy a piece of this story , werewolve will be the least of you problem . ext . / int . silver bullet montage a. ) uncle al pull up to a city store front with a sign read mac' gun and ammo . he take out the St. cristopher 's medal , look at it , and shake he head , as if still ruing he own credulity and stupidity . he go inside . jane ( voice - over ) uncle Al 's friend Mac be more than a gunsmith ; he be , uncle Al say , a old - world craftsman , a sort of wizard of weapon . b . ) in the gun shop interior , we see uncle al talk to mac , who really should look like a elderly white wizard - a kind of gandalf figure . in the b.g. window we see a paper skeleton and paper jack - o' - lantern : we first clue that all hallow 's Eve be near . uncle al be speak animatedly , use he hand a lot ; we do not know exactly what the tale be , but it must be a whopper . in the course of it , he hand the medal and the crucifix to mac , who tent the silver chain over he finger and look at they . jane ( v-o continue ) God know what sort of story my uncle tell he , but I think that for man who have be marry as often as uncle Al , invention on short notice become something of a specialty . c . ) in he workroom , we see mac spilling boron over the medal and look closely at the stain . jane ( v-o continue ) the gunsmith confirm the high - grade silver content of my crucifix and marty 's medallion ... d . ) in a dim shot which make mac look more like a sorcerer than ever , we see he light a acetylene torch and begin melting the medal and the crucifix in the crucible . the camera move slowly in as jane's contribution and marty' melt together ; they be become on and indissoluble . jane ( v-o continue ) ... melt they down ... e . ) we see mac pour molten silver into a bullet mold . jane ( v-o conclude ) ... and mold they into a silver bullet . int . mac' gun shop , with mac and uncle al day mac come out of the back with a small inlaid wooden box . he put it down on the glass counter top . mac here it be . int . the BOX , cu mac be hand open it , disclose a single bullet rest on dark velvet plush . it be a .22 short round , and it gleam a pure silver . it would be great to hype this bullet optically - not much , just a little - to make it look absolutely magical . almost holy . int . mac and uncle al uncle al pick up the bullet almost reverently , hold it to the light . mac nicest piece of work I ever do , I think . it 's get a low - grain load so it will not tumble . should be pretty accurate . uncle al it 's just a gag , that 's all . what would you shoot a silver . 22 bullet at , anyway ? mac ( joke ) how about a werewolf ? ( pause ) happy Halloween , Al . ext . the full moon , close night it nearly fill the screen , swim mysteriously in the warm summer air . jane ( voice - over ) by the time marty 's silver bullet be do , it be Halloween ... and the full moon have come around again . earlier that afternoon , my grandfather , who have be die of cancer for over seven year , finally finish the job . the camera pan down to the coslaw house . there 's a carve jack in the window and a corsage of indian corn on the door . uncle al be mg be in the driveway . the coslaw station wagon be just back out . uncle al and jane stand in the doorway ; marty be slightly behind they in the Silver bullet . nan lean out of the car . she 's wear black , and she have obviously be cry . nan remember , Al ... we will be at the ritz-carlton in Boston tomorrow night ! or at the funeral parlor . it 's stickney and - uncle al - and babcock , I remember . now go on ! the station wagon back farther and nan lean out again . nan and do not open the door for any trick or treater even if they come ! uncle al we will not ! the station wagon back out into the road and nan pop out again . nan you kid go to bed on time ! you have get school tomorrow ! uncle al if you keep do that , you be go to bump you head , sissy . give my love to mama - tell she I will see she Thursday . nan I will - be good , kid . marty jane ' bye , mom ! bye , dad ! we will ! ' bye ! the station wagon accelerate away . uncle al can I tell you kid something ? jane sure , uncle Al . uncle al when I and sissy be kid , we be just like you two . marty yeah ? really ? uncle al yeah . really . the bitch of it be , we still be . learn from you elder , deary . he usher they inside and close the door . int . the station wagon , with bob and nan bob I can not believe that you would agree to leave the kid with he . a year ago I would have laugh at the idea . you use to almost breathe fire when Al come in the house . nan he 's change . just this summer . or something 's change he . marty , maybe . and the drink - I think it 's almost stop . whatever it be , it 's wonderful . and they will be safe with he . I be sure of it . bob I know they will be safe with he ... but will he get they both into bed by nine-thirty ? nan ( firmly ) if I tell he to , he will . int . the wall clock in the coslaw live room night it read 1:00 . SOUND : the National anthem . int . the tv , cu the anthem finish up . we go to a station id card . announcer's voice this conclude wdml 's broadcast day . the tv go to snow . int . jane on the couch she 's mostly asleep in one corner . int . marty , in the silver bullet he 's also doze . int . uncle al , in bob be easy chair in front of the tv he be also doze . there be three or four empty beer can in front of he , and a cigarette with a long ash be smolder between he finger . there 's a .22 pistol in he lap . ext . the coslaw house , from one side the werewolf break from the wood and run across the side yard to a line of high bush that run along the side of the house ( this be the opposite side from marty' bedroom ) . ext . in the bushes , with the werewolf there be a space in here between the house and the bush - it 's like a animal 's run . the werewolf creep along this , its one eye flaring . dim SOUND of tv snow . int . the live room , with marty , jane , and uncle al uncle al jump up and cry out as the cigarette burn up to he finger . the .22 fall onto the rug . marty and jane also wake up , startle . ext . in the bushes , with the werewolf it recoil , eye gleam . foam begin to drip from its jaw . it creep slowly along toward a window . tv snow sound grow louder . int . the live room , with al , jane , marty uncle al be shaking he burn hand ; he pick the cigarette out of he lap and put it out . jane ( sleepy ) you will burn yourself up sometime do that , uncle Al . uncle al I suppose so . you kid ought to go up to bed . marty but uncle Al ! you say - uncle al I know what I say , marty - but it 's ten past one . he 's not come . jane the moon 's not down yet ... uncle al damn near . now I will sit up with this stupid gun in my lap because I promise , but you two be go to bed . go on , now , scoot . jane get up and start toward the stair . marty what if I say no ? uncle al then I would have to kick you ass , dear boy . ( more kindly ) go on , now . marty begin to roll the Silver bullet toward the stair , where the stair chair await . jane be wait for he at the live - room doorway . marty see the gun on the floor and stop . marty if that would go off , it would have be the end of we silver bullet . int . uncle al he prickle a bit at the unstate criticism . he bend down and pick up the pistol . he open the cylinder . five chamber be empty ; in one there 's a bright silver circle . int . uncle al he push the cylinder plunger , drop the silver bullet into he hand . uncle al see , dear boy ? totally unimpaire . behind he , the werewolf be head appear in the window , its green eye flaring . int . by the live room doorway , with marty and jane marty , look toward uncle al , see nothing . jane be look toward the window and she scream . jane ( shriek ) it 's he ! it 's the werewolf ! I see he ! it's the werewolf ! she 's point at the window . int . uncle al he jump up and look around at the window - at this point al have the .22 with its cylinder open in one hand and the silver bullet loosely hold in the other . nothing in the window but darkness . uncle al turn back to the kid . uncle al ( sharply ) you see it , marty ! int . marty marty ( shake he head ) I be look at you ... int . uncle al his shoulder slump a little with relief - now that the scare be over , he relief be tempere with irritation . they be just a couple of hysterical kid after all , and jane be actually worse than marty . polly practical indeed ! uncle al a very familiar feel be beginning to creep over I . int . marty and jane , by the doorway jane be cry . marty what 's that , uncle Al ? int . uncle al uncle al I feel like a horse 's ass . int . marty and jane , by the doorway jane ( weep ) I see it , uncle Al ! I do ! marty roll a little closer to she and attempt to put a comforting arm around she shoulder . jane do not you touch I , snotbrain ! marty Jane - int . uncle al uncle al would you kid go to bed ? my head 's start to ache . ext . the side of the house , ecu we see a claw , hairy hand reach into the frame and close around a thick wire . werewolf ( voice ) reeeal slow ... it yank . int . the live room , wide the light go out . jane shriek . marty it 's here ! it 's outside ! int . uncle al uncle al Jane , it 's just a power fai- he 's start toward she . at that moment most of the wall - not just the window it be look through before but the whole wall - crash inward as the werewolf bull its way through , roaring . uncle al whirl , raise the pistol automatically to fire - but the cylinder be roll out and all the chamber be empty . he have time to register surprise before the werewolf smashes he aside . int . uncle al , a new angle he go fly backward . the pistol go one way , the silver bullet another . int . the gun it spin into a live - room corner . int . the silver bullet , slow motion we see it rise in the air , turn over and over . it come down , hit the floor , and roll . int . the hallway floor , with the bullet , slow motion in the extreme f.g. be a heating vent . the bullet be roll toward it . int . marty and jane marty get the gun ! he use he hand to propel the ungainly Silver bullet into the hall . int . the bullet ( the real bullet ) and marty , slow motion the silver bullet roll slowly toward the heating vent . in the b.g. we see a frantic marty in he wheelchair . he heave himself out of it and fall full - length , grab . his finger touch the bullet , but that 's all . it fall in the heating vent . int . the werewolf , cu it 's roaring , furious , its one eye flaring . int . the live room , wide uncle al lie senseless against one wall , the front of he shirt bloody . jane run into the corner and grab the pistol . the werewolf pick up the easy chair and throw it through the hole it make come in . it pick up a end table and hurl it through the tv . then it see jane and start toward she . int . jane , cowering in the corner int . the werewolf , cu come toward she . int . jane in the corner she make as if to run one way . int . jane and the werewolf it 's only a couple of foot from she now , but again , it be toy with she - it 's make this reeeal slow . int . the fireplace tool , cu a bloodstain hand grab a poker . int . the werewolf and jane as it tense down to leap at she , uncle al leap at it and strike it across the back . it turn , roaring . uncle al hit it between the leg . it bellows and grab the poker . it bend it and toss it aside . the glaring , savage expression on its face say that now it will bend uncle al and toss he aside . int . jane she break out of the corner and run across the room toward the door . most of the way there she trip and fall . int . the werewolf , cu its head whip around . int . marty , in the hall he 's lie full - length . he 's get the heater vent 's grille off . one arm be down inside . marty ( scream ) janey ! the gun ! the gun ! int . jane she toss it awkwardly . int . the gun , slow motion it slide down the hall floor to marty like some strange , awkward shuffleboard disc , its cylinder still open . int . the werewolf werewolf ( snarl ) maa-aaa-rty ... it begin walk slowly across the live room , smash thing out of its way . int . marty , in the hall the gun slide into he hand . now he reach into the heating duct again ... int . in the HEATING duct , ecu there 's a elbow bend just below marty be twist , grasp finger - the silver bullet lie here . it 's less than half a inch out of reach . int . the werewolf , cu werewolf ( foam ) maaa-aaa-rty ... int . jane , on the floor jane ( sobbing ) do not you hurt he ! do not you hurt my brother ! she bite one of the werewolf be hairy ankle as it pass . int . jane and the werewolf it roar with pain and kick she aside . then it look back into the hall . it be grin . I believe it be think this be go to be better than a Thanksgiving dinner you do not have to pay for . werewolf reeeal slow , maa-aaarty - int . marty , cu he 's reach desperately into the duct and stare at the approach werewolf . int . in the HEATING duct , ecu marty' finger brush the bullet once ... again ... seize it . int . marty , in the hall he roll over on he back and stick the silver bullet blindly into one chamber of the cylinder and slam the cylinder close . int . the werewolf , cu werewolf bastard marty ! int . marty he point the gun and pull the trigger . there 's only a click . a expression of dismay on he face . int . the werewolf , cu werewolf kill you ... int . marty he drag himself so he 's half propped against the hall wall . he pull the trigger again . click ! dismay become fear . int . the werewolf it 's reach the Silver bullet . it smashes it aside . the bullet hit the wall . int . marty holding the gun in both hand now , he pull the trigger a third time . click ! the werewolf be shadow fall over he . int . werewolf , ecu werewolf bastard marty ! it bend down , reach . int . marty , ecu craning back as if to drive himself into the wall , he pull the trigger again . int . the barrel of the .22 maxi -close the bullet fly from the barrel , gleam silver . int . the werewolf the silver bullet strike he in he one remain eye . he fly backward , hand clapped to he gush face ... and crash into marty' Silver bullet wheelchair . it sit there , roaring ... and then it begin to change . int . the live room , with jane she lie there , sobbing . uncle al ( voice ) you okay , janey ? int . uncle al and jane uncle al be bloody and staggering but on he foot . he help jane up . jane I be all right ... but marty ! ma - SOUND : shatter roar . int . the werewolf , ecu its hand drop from its face . it be now blind in both eye ; it be half werewolf and half lowe . it bellows again , convulse ... and die . int . marty , on the floor marty ( call ) I be all right . he 's dead . int . uncle al and jane here 's a creature that be mostly father lowe collapse in the remain of marty' wheelchair ; beyond it , marty be lie on the floor . uncle al go by the corpse . jane start by ... and lowe sit bolt upright for a moment , grasp blindly at she . she shriek and dart aside . lowe fall back , now really dead . I think . until the sequel . int . the hall , with uncle al , jane , and marty uncle al put a comforting arm around jane , who be sobbing again - hell , I would be sobbing after that last one , myself - and draw she down beside himself and marty . uncle al ( to marty ) there . I tell you there be not any such thing as werewolve . they smile at each other with love . jane ( nervous ) be you sure it 's dead ? or he ? or whatever it be ? uncle al if it be not now , it will be after I pound one of you mother 's silver candlestick through its heart . jane ( grimace ) oh uncle Al , no ! uncle al ( grim ) oh yes , janey . when I believe something , I believe it all the way . he get up and leave . jane be you all right , marty ? marty all except my leg ... I do not think I can walk . jane you be a real booger , you know it ? marty ( smile ) I love you , Jane . ext . tarker' mill , long night quiet . sleep . jane ( voice - over ) it be not always easy for I to answer that ... but I could answer it that night , and I find I can say it now that the terrible event of that fall have recede to memory which seem little more than dream in my mind . int . the hallway , with marty and jane jane ( hugging he ) I love you , marty . ext . tarker' mill , long jane ( voice - over ; no more than a whisper ) I love you , marty ... good night . the camera pan up to the full moon . fade out .