skyscraper written by rawson Marshall thurber revised 3-10-17 fade in : ext . snowy forest - night from high above , we look straight down a forest of towering pine stand in a field of moonlit snow . we glide over the treetop , float just above they peak as a light snow fall , the flake corkscrew lazily away . all seem peaceful , silent . then we notice a strange light play against the fresh powder . Red , then blue . then red again . we crest a final stand of tree to reveal : a entire encampment of law enforcement , some three hundred or so police , fire and ambulance , situate in what appear to be the middle of nowhere . from this angle , directly overhead , the squad car and swat van almost look like toy . nothing move . the police officer and swat team member , hunkere down in fire position , point they weapon at something unseen . we tilt from we isolate top -down view to reveal that this paramilitary phalanx be surround : a modest farmhouse . it 's a standoff of some kind , clearly . then we see a ant - size figure move urgently across this freeze tableau . we slowly zoom in on the ant , revealing he to be a man in a windbreaker . we move with he now , tracking a fold note that he carry in he hand , as he bring we to a tactical trailer with a seal emblazon on the door : federal bureau of investigation hostage rescue team the windbreaker man enter and we go with he ... int . tactical operation command trailer - continuous ... move through the narrow trailer , past high - tech observation equipment manned by specialist , to a back door . the windbreaker man open the door to reveal a SMALL comm room ( continued ) continued : and a negotiator on the phone , flanke by the hostage rescue commander ( " hr1i " ) and the on scene commander , the man run the show . the windbreaker man hand the on scene the fold note . he read it and nod . meanwhile , the negotiator work the phone in a last ditch attempt to talk this through ... -.- yes , I do . and I negotiator hear what you be say . I would be angry too . but you have to listen to I now . this have go on long enough and it need to end , okay ? can you help I here ? help I find a solution so we can end this peacefully for you , for you family , for everyone . we do not want anyone to get hurt -- and I know you do not want to hurt anyone . ( beat ) Ray ? Ray ? int . farmhouse kitchen clutch the phone to - night he ear be ray hutchinson ( 38 ) , bearded , muscle and look like he have not sleep in day . ray you do not want to hurt anyone ? I be already hurt . you hear I ? I be already hurt . ( beat ) you say you be give I a choice but this be not a choice . ending this peacefully mean I go to prison and my wife and my kid grow up without a father ? I ? that 's what you be offer ( beat , decide ) I want everyone go . you and you man , and the sniper too , all of " they -- go . I do not see tail light in the next five minute , I will end thing my Ray hang up and turn frightened family : he old son . all three of counter , back press way . away from we , revealing he wife , he daughter and he six year - they hunkere down below the kitchen against the cabinet door . ( continued ) continued : ray ( cont would ) it 's alright . everything 's gonna be alright now . I promise . Ray move to a heavy chest and throw it open , stare at what 's inside . a grim look wash over he face . int . tac ops command trailer / comm room - night the negotiator look up gravely from dial tone in he hand . the on scene look to hr1 . hr1 gold unit be in position . they have compromise authority and be at ready green . we be set , sir . on scene ( be : the note ) 7th floor approve escalation . ( to the negotiator ) can you get he back on the phone ? negotiator he 's do talk . on scene ( beat ) very well . the on scene exit the comm room and move into the main trailer where he pick up a headset . on scene ( cont would ) gold unit , this be " tock " , be advise you have control . repeat , you have control . ext . farmhouse - night the reflection in the farmhouse window show swat unit back off . Ray 's request , it seem , have be meet . the window curtain crack to reveal Ray watch the action . we drop down from the window and pivot off of Ray to reveal : the farmhouse yard . a blanket of snow , some bush , a woodpile . ( continued ) continued : we hold on this frame -- but nothing happen . a moment more . still nothing . then ... one of the bushes move . then part of a woodpile seem to detach . and a section of snow right in front of we this whole time , rise revealing itself to have GREEN eye . and now we see it : a six - man FBI hrt assault team move from they camouflage hide and stack up tight against the wall just below the farmhouse window . they slough off they elaborate camouflage , revealing each man to be kitted out in body armor and load for bear . we land on the team leader , will ford , a seasoned operator . will speak softly into he comm ... will gold unit in position . will look at he second in command , he best friend and a man we will know later as horace . will nod . Horace move , set a heavy - duty breaching charge on the farmhouse wall . finish , Horace slide back into position give will the thumb up . will nod and begin the countdown ... will ( cont would ) five , four , three , two , one ... execute . execute . execute . will depress a thumb plunger , ignite the breach charge -- bang ! the sound be deafen as the wall explode , leave a gape hole of smoke and dust in its wake . will rush in , primary through the door . we go with he , push through the thick haze to find ray hutchinson stand there , he back to we . will and Horace go to gun on he , they site levele , finger poise on triggers . will ( cont would ) turn around ! show we you hand ! horace do it ! now ! the rest of the hrt unit fan out near will , secure the mother and daughter who will not stop scream . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) slowly , Ray turn to face will revealing that he 's holding he six year -old son in he arm -- the boy 's head wedge into the crook of he father 's neck . horace ( cont would ) boss ... will hold you fire . ( to Ray ) put he down . Ray hesitates . Horace grip he m - 4 , stare down it . horace +..- I have get he clean ... the boy 's eye lock with will 's . will no. do not . I get this . will turn to Ray , speak with authoritative calm ... will ( cont would ) Ray , look at I . look at I . it 's over now . it 's over . put you son down , get on you knee and interlace you finger behind you head . do it now . Ray take it all in , the madness he 's cause . the pain . ray I be sorry . Ray let he son slide off of he to the ground , revealing something horrifying : ray be wearing a suicide vest . will 's eye go wide -- he dive for Horace , tackle he behind the kitchen counter just as : the vest detonate . boom . a ring of tinnitus in we ear . scream . will , disorient , catch glimpsis of he team shattered -- dead or die . a live nightmare . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) the horror of it wash over will : he call to hold fire have cost the life of that he care about most in this world : he team , he man , he brother . devastate , will mumble over and over ... will no-no-no-no ... sound fall away . everything go to white . we be in a hallway now somehow . the strobe of overhead florescent light rush past we . then a face look down at we . a Naval surgeon we will come to know as sarah . she smile at we and say ... sarah you be gonna be okay . hard CUT to : title card : ten year later ext . park - day a sun - dapple city park . Green grass . tree . a little creek babbles nearby . two kid , seven year - old fraternal twin , henry and georgia argue about what to play : hide & seek or tag . Georgia get she way : they will play tag . we find will , older now , a sadness behind he eye . but sit on the grass watch the child play , he can not help but smile . sarah ( 0.c . ) she take after you , you know . will turn to see he beautiful wife , Sarah , the surgeon who save he life , enjoy the moment with he . will you think ? sarah oh yeah . stubborn . too hard on herself . cries during sport movie . will I do not cry during sport movie . ( continued ) continued : will laugh . sarah rudy . will well , come on . it 's rudy . sarah field of dream . will everyone cry at field of dream -- sarah a League of they own . will that be one time . and I be on medication . sarah benedryl . will extra strength -- and fine , maybe she 's get my personality . I be just glad she get you look . sarah I too because you would make a really ugly woman . like if we put a dress on you , the only thing miss would be neck -bolt . will hang on -- back up . do you call I stubborn ? sarah you be stubborn . will since when ? sarah since always . now say it . will come on . I get it . sarah then let I hear you say it . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) will who 's be stubborn now ? sarah I be be insistent . there 's a difference . besides , do not you want to make a good impression ? will not really . sarah I be serious , will . it will go a long way with he -- it 's a cultural thing . just say it . will fine. ( beat ) hen gaox de wen no . it 's cantonese . and it actually be not that bad ... sarah that 's great . will really ? sarah perfect . perfectly do . the intonation , the enunciation . a + . will thank you . see ? I be not stubborn . I can be teach . sarah one thing though . will what ? sarah I teach you how to say : hou hoi sam sik dou nei , " it 's a honor to meet you . " but you say , " hou hoi sam sek dou nei . " will and what do that mean ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) sarah it 's a honor to kiss you . will ah . and that 's bad ? sarah depend on what kind of meeting you wanna have . will alright -- I give up . no more chinese . I have gotta get ready . will stand up call out to the kid ... will ( cont would ) Henry ! Georgia ! time to go ! the kid look at they father . Georgia capitalize on the distraction , tagging she twin brother ... georgia tag ! you be it ! ... then bolt . Henry cry foul and give chase . the two kid run toward they father with abandon . will smile . Georgia reach will first , wrapping she arm around she father 's leg ... georgia ( cont would ) base ! dad 's base ! I be safe ! ... and that 's when we see that will 's right leg be not make of flesh and bone but rather metal and plastic -- a prosthesis from the knee down . a scar he bear from that fateful night ten year ago . Henry arrive grab hold of will 's other leg . henry safe ! georgia I be already safe , you can not be safe too . henry yes I can . georgia that 's stupid . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 4 ) will hey -- not nice . and you brother 's right . you be both safe . daddy be safe for everyone because -- whoa ! -- suddenly will jump a foot as Sarah dump a entire bottle of water down he back . sarah tag you be it ! Sarah take off run , laugh . will give chase , he kid squealing with delight at they parent play . will catch Sarah , plant a big kiss on she before she tickle he and trip he to the ground , fall on top of he as both Henry and Georgia join in : a dog pile on daddy . will let himself get pin , laugh -- in heaven . it 's then that we pull back from this idyllic familial scene , past the grass and the tree and the babbling brook . we continue pull back , further and further still , until we reveal something shocking . this park be not in a city . and it 's not in a small town . this entire three acre park exist on the 100 th floor of the tallest build in the world . a newly complete , three - thousand foot tall work of stun architecture call the pearl rise gracefully from shoreline of victoria harbor , dwarf the surround skyline . we be in ... Hong Kong then a soothing voice ... soothing voice ( v.o. ) welcome to the Pearl ... quickly , we find ourselves in a highly polished promotional video ... soothing voice +..a marvel of modern engineering . stand at over three - thousand foot , the Pearl 's 225 storey make it the world 's tallest building ... ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 5 ) we get we first good look at this work of art : a towering , twisting , skyscraper with a OPEN - AIR CENTER core run its entire length , from top to bottom , give the structure a airy , sunlit translucent grandeur . soothing voice ( cont would ) ... it 's so tall , you could fit the Empire State building inside of it twice ! and you would still have room for a 50 story building on top ! -- b-roll of construction and slick computer generate fly - through design fill the frame . soothing voice ( cont would ) complete just last year , China 's newest beacon of progress boast a five-star hotel , three full gym , two 16 - screen cinemas , a drive range , as well as world - class shopping and dining at its six - story indoor mall and three star michelin-rate restaurant with rotate view of the spectacular Hong Kong skyline -- all within its confines ... -- we see cutaway of each feature , happy people enjoy every amenity . soothing voice ( cont would ) ... and that 's just half the story ! a dividing line bisect the building halfway up ... soothing voice ( cont would ) next month , the Pearl will open its upper half to permanent resident -- already sell out , with a ten year wait list , this luxury apartment will serve as home to many of China 's most successful citizen . with pangu Park -- the world 's first fully functional high rise garden -- locate on the hundredth floor , resident will have they every possible need meet , from outdoor sun to indoor fun -- you will never need to leave the Pearl ! it 's then we pull back to reveal we be ... 12 . int . the pearl - private residence - day a stun three - bedroom apartment on the 98th floor with jaw- drop view . Henry and Georgia be transfix by the television play the promotional video ... soothing voice but that 's not all . the Pearl 's crown achievement -- the singular feature that make this building unlike any other , anywhere else in the world be ... ..- but just before we reveal what that might be , the tv cut off . Henry and Georgia turn to see Sarah stand there . sarah tv go off , shoe on . it 's Panda time ! excite , Georgia zip up she panda hoodie , pull the cowl over she head , turn she into a mini-Panda bear . sarah ( cont would ) Nice , Georgia . subtle. ( beat ) where 's you dad ? henry bathroom . georgia he 's talk to himself again . int . the pearl - bathroom - day dress nicely , will tie the lace on he brown wingtip . only the shoe be face he on the bathroom sink counter , attach to he prosthetic leg -- a handy way to do it . he talk to himself in the mirror as he go , practice the chinese phrase over and over , stumbling every time . will shake he head mutter to himself ... will screw it . I be just gonna high - five the guy . finish tie he shoe , will use a kleenex to wipe off a smudge on it , then toss the tissue paper into the toilet . ( continued ) 13 . continued : will attaches he prosthesis , slide he pant leg down over it . he go to flush the toilet but can not find the handle -- there do not seem to be one . it 's a mystery . will look at a bizarre array of touchscreen button next to the toilet -- none of which look like " flush " . he press one and get a bidet spray right in the kisser . one cue , Sarah walk in . sarah everything okay in here ? will yep , just think I would take a shower in the toilet . Sarah walk over ... will ( cont would ) it 's break . we should call -- .».. and press a button , the toilet flush normally . will ( cont would ) I be gonna pick that one next . sarah sure you be , big guy . Sarah fix will 's outfit , drying he off , fussing over he . sarah ( cont would ) hey -- you think it 's weird that we be the only one on this floor ? will we be the only one on any floor from the 96th on up -- so not really . sarah no , I mean why not put we up in the hotel in the bottom half ? why give we a entire ghost town floor to ourselves ? will I do not know -- maybe he 's try to impress we . sarah you think a billionaire , real estate tycoon be try to impress we ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) will you think I be reach ? sarah I think you drive a Kia . so , yeah . will I be just say : do not over - think it . sarah have you meet I ? will smile , grab he jacket , close he laptop and put it in he shoulder bag . sarah ( cont would ) Horace be come to get you ? will any minute now . sarah can I just say one thing ? will I doubt it . sarah do not give he any money . will he 's not go to ask I for money . sarah how do you know ? will because he 's head of security for this entire building and they pay he for that . will and Sarah move into the other room and tag-team get Georgia and Henry ready , backpack , shoe , etc . will put Georgia 's hair into a ponytail , clearly he 's have practice . sarah and how much of that do he double down with ? will frown . move toward the front door , Sarah follow . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 3 ) will that 's not -- he do not have a gambling problem . sarah not anymore -- you help he . will look , that be three year ago -- he get in over he head with the wrong kind of people . he would have do the same thing for I . he make a mistake -- we all make mistake . ( beat ) and he 's stick he neck out for I . they could have go with a higher profile guy to handle the security assessment but he put in a good word . he 's the reason we be here -- and we could use the money . sarah you have a soft spot for he . that 's all I be say . ding -dong . doorbell . they look at each other -- time 's up . sarah ( cont would ) you be a big dummy . you know that ? will you marry I . sarah I be a sucker for handsome . Sue I . will Love you . sarah Love you too , neck -bolt . will laugh . they kiss . the kid go , " ewww " . will look at he twin ... will okay team , daddy 's gotta go make the bacon . but let I ask you one thing before I go ... will point to Henry . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 4 ) will ( cont would ) daddy love who ? henry me! will point to Georgia ... will daddy love who ? georgia I ! will rapidly point between they repeat he question , each time they shout out , " I ! " at the top of they lung . finally , will kiss each of they on the top of they head . Sarah watch the sweet moment , sighing ... sarah I gotta get a chant . will wink at she , then move to the door , open it to reveal Horace he second - in - command from he hrt day and the only other member of the team to survive the blast . nearly will 's size , with some telltale burn scar on he cheek and neck , Horace offer up a big smile . horace brother . will brother . the two friend embrace . the observant might notice Horace 's right hand be severely misinform -- mangle from the explosion . the hug break and Horace spot Sarah ... horace Sarah -- you look beautiful . sarah Nice to see you , Horace . Sarah give Horace a polite hug just as Henry and Georgia arrive . Horace can not believe it . horace this be the twin ? wow -- be they drive yet ? you guy remember you uncle Horace ? ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 5 ) georgia no. henry we be go to see the pandas . horace yes -- I hear . that 's why I get you guy a little something . Horace pull out a trio of gold ticket . horace ( cont would ) this will let you stay for the nighttime feed -- after they close Ocean Park to everyone else . very hard to get . he hand the ticket to Sarah . will that 's amazing . thank you , H. sarah what do you guy say ? henry thank you . will Georgia ? georgia be you gonna ask my dad for money ? off of will 's look we move to ... int . the pearl - inner atrium - day Horace and will move toward the cylindrical inner atrium of the Pearl , a open-air center column that run from the ground floor to the very top of the structure . the internal circumference be line with a series of glass elevator and skyway bridge that span the vast open , connect various floor directly , give the space the look of a brain stem with synapse fire . Horace jab the button , they wait . ( continued ) 18 . continued : will sorry about that . Georgia do not have a filter . Sarah think she take after I . horace why , do she cry at sport movie too ? ding . Elevator arrive . Horace and will step on . int . the pearl - elevator - day this glass elevator travel up the inner atrium -- a sphincter - clenching ride if you be afraid of height . will look through the glass : elevator rise and fall , gleam in natural sunlight . he marvel ... will you hear that ? Horace strain a ear . shake he head . horace I do not hear anything . will exactly . this be mag-lev elevator they work on magnetic induction -- like the bullet train in Japan , only vertical . no cable , no wire , nothing . no one 's ever build any that go this high . it 's bleed edge stuff . horace huh . no kid . will how do you not know that ? horace they hire I to protect it , not give tour . but lemme guess : you spend the last six month study every nut , bolt and blueprint of this damn place . will look away . Horace know he too well . he tease ... ( continued ) 19 . continued : horace ( cont would ) come on , tell I I be wrong . will you be wrong . ( beat ) it be eight month . Horace shake he head ... horace you know he 's not gonna ask you to build the thing from scratch , right ? will I like detail . horace nerd . will chuckle . horace ( cont would ) hey -- you hear they switch insurance guy on you ? will no Singh ? horace no Singh . Singh go bye-bye . will huh . they say why ? horace official word , he get sick . unofficial word , he get sick of the boss man 's speech . will he give speech ? horace you ever meet a billionaire who do not ? will I have never meet a billionaire . horace well stick around , this be China -- we get a million of them . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) ding . the elevator door open . they step off . int . the pearl - penthouse floor - continuous Horace lead will across a opulent , sunlit private floor stop at a pair of impose double door . will ( be : the door ) wow -- that be they , right ? the titanium door from the blueprint ? horace nothing say welcome to my penthouse panic room better than ten inch of military - grade super alloy . will subtle . Horace hold he hand against a wall - mount scanner . horace ready to meet Oz ? the double door swing open . int . the pearl - penthouse - day Horace lead will past the foot-thick titanium door into a penthouse to end all penthouse . Three floor , exquisitely design , impeccably furnish and offer up staggering panoramic view . this palace in the sky be fit not for a king , but a pharaoh . will take it in ... will I mean , I guess if you gotta live somewhere ... horace right ? will notice a frame black belt and ceremonial chinese sword on the wall next to he . will he 's a black belt ? ( continued ) continued : 21 . horace in the same way Doctor dre be a doctor . Heard he build they a brand new dojo after he " earn " it . will hey -- Sarah think I should doa chinese thing when I meet he . horace chinese thing ? will like say some word . a greeting . horace in chinese ? will cantonese . but yeah . you know , to show respect . horace I would not . will why ? horace because you suck at language and you will probably mess it up and embarrass yourself . will but other than that ? zhao ( 0.s. ) Mr. ford. the moment interrupt , will and Horace turn to see zhao ( 30 ) , a chinese elon musk and the dash visionary behind the Pearl , come glide down a staircase toward they flanke by a handful of suit and a discrete private security detail . zhao it 's a pleasure to meet you . Zhao speak nearly perfect English , a hallmark of he Oxford education . say ... they shake hand . will glance at Horace then will hou hot sam sik dou nei . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) will nail it . Zhao smile , impressed . Horace be slack - jaw . Zhao rattles off a response in rapid-fire cantonese . finish , the billionaire wait expectantly on will to answer . will , of course , have no idea what Zhao just say . a pregnant pause , then Zhao let he off the hook ... zhao I be kid . will exhales . will oh , thank god . my wife only teach I one phrase . zhao Sarah , right ? will yes . zhao and you child , Henry and Georgia -- twin ? will you do you research . zhao I have get a good team around I . but I be not aware that you wife speak cantonese . I think she be a Naval surgeon . will she be . but she minore in language and East asian study at annapolis . she be gonna work for doctor without Borders in rural China after she service . zhao what happen ? will she meet someone who need she more . Zhao smile . just then , a stuffy british pencil -pusher , mr. pierce interrupt the moment . Zhao pivot to he warmly . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) zhao Mr. Ford , allow I to introduce Mr. pierce from the hawthorne / Stone insurance Group , the company lucky enough to underwrite the Pearl . Mr. pierce smile thinly , extend he hand . mr . pierce a pleasure . will likewise . zhao Mr. Singh be ill . will I hear . zhao at any rate , I hope you family be enjoy they stay in Hong Kong . will we have get the whole floor to ourselves -- what 's not to love ? zhao sorry if I go a little overboard -- I guess I be try to impress you . ( beat ) shall we begin ? Zhao motion and the group move off . int . penthouse - boardroom - moment later Zhao stand in front of a wall - size touch screen which display a 3d rendering of the Pearl . Zhao rotate and resize the display as he speak . will sit with he laptop open , Horace next to he . opposite they , the three suit and Mr. pierce . zhao ... with we cut edge solar array and proprietary wind - harness technology , the Pearl have a negative environmental footprint -- even at full occupancy , we will actually give power back to the city . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 24 . zhao ( cont would ) ( beat ) the residential upper half , with we 24 - hour surveillance & security , redundant off - site fire control system , and on-site emergency medical staff , will be the safest , most luxurious live in all of China , if not the world . we even have we very own dedicated cell tower -- so you will never miss a call even when you be a mile in the air . ( beat ) the Pearl be not just the future of China but it be , in a very real sense , the future itself . the suit clap like ass -kisser . annoy , Zhao wave at they to cease . he look to will ... zhao ( cont would ) what do you think ? will I ? zhao yes , of course . unsure of the politics of how to respond , will go with ... will it 's , uh , neat . zhao neat ? will yeah , real neat . Mr. pierce jump in ... sick burn . mr . pierce I think what Mr. Ford be try to say be that it would be imprudent of someone in he position to make any comment whatsoever about the Pearl 's quality , aesthetic or otherwise . ( beat ) with all due respect , he 's not much more than a glorify security guard . will 's jaw tighten . he give Mr. pierce a cold look but toe the party line ... ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) will he 's right . I be only here as a certified independent third party to assess you safety and security measure and , if they be compliant , sign off on they so Mr. pierce 's company can give you the thumb up to officially open the top half of you building . it 's not really my place to comment . zhao I know why you be here , Mr. Ford . and I know it 's not you place to comment -- which be precisely why I be ask you to . please , you honest opinion . will it 's be my experience that when people ask for someone 's honest opinion , that 's usually the last thing they want . zhao humor I . will glance at Mr. pierce who give he a stiff " go ahead " nod . will clear he throat . will well , let I start by say that what you have build here be truly incredible . you should be proud . zhao but ...? will but ... if it be up to I , I would never insure this building . not ina million year . Mr. pierce eye will sternly . the room tighten . zhao and why be that ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 3 ) will you have build a vertical city here , Mr. Zhao , which be impressive sure , but you have bring with it every single fire , safety and security challenge I can think of -- and you have not only bring they all indoors , you have trap they three thousand foot in the air . ( beat ) everything in this building have to go right every single time and too little have to go wrong once for there to be a very serious problem without a viable solution . ( beat ) look , I be a simple man . I like my beer cold , my wing hot and firework on the 4th of July . but if you be ask for my honest opinion about what you have build here , it would be this : I do not get it . then will look at Mr. pierce . will ( cont would ) but , Hell , I be just a glorify security guard . so what do I know ? the room suck in . Mr. pierce shoot dagger at will . but Zhao smile and say with all sincerity ... zhao wonderful . now I know I can trust you . Zhao pull out a translucent flash drive . zhao ( cont would ) this drive contain the machine code for the Pearl 's fire and safety control measure -- a master key , if you will , to the entire building . they be link to you laptop alone and , once install , will only be accessible for a twenty - four hour window before self - delete . I trust that will be enough time for you to thoroughly vet we security and submit you final analysis for Mr. pierce 's approval ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 4 ) will more than enough . thank you . Zhao slide the flash drive to will who upload it onto he laptop . a countdown clock tick down from 24 hour . Zhao glide to the door and look back expectantly ... zhao come on , if we hurry there 's still time . will time for what ? zhao for you to get it . Zhao smile . will look a little confuse . ext . the pearl - observation deck - day and finally we see it -- the crown achievement of this incredible structure , and the very thing that give the building its name : a stunning 360 - degree geodesic dome encase the upper most echelon of the Pearl -- a observation deck fashioned entirely out of laser - cut crystalline glass whose triangular facet fit so perfectly , one into the next , that they almost disappear entirely . what 's more , the footprint of the glass deck itself extend beyond the profile of the building 's rooftop allow for the stout- heart to walk out beyond the roof and look straight down to the ground , nearly a mile below . it 's nothing short of breath -taking . we find Zhao and will up here alone . will take in the sight dumb-founded . Zhao stare across the Victoria Harbor . zhao I grow up over there , across the water on the Kowloon side . my father sell fish . his father sell fish and he father before he . so I grow up sell fish . every morning up before the sun . bone tired in the boat as it go down . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . continued : zhao ( cont would ) ( beat ) when I be six year old , we house be burn to the ground by some man my father refuse to pay . they kill he that same night when he confront they in the street . ( beat ) my mother raise I and my eight brother in sister in a one- room house smaller than my bathroom be now . at night , I remember stare at this very skyline through we window , as my brother and sister sleep -- know someday I would make my mark , someday I would change what I see out that window . and no one would ever take it from I . will I be sorry for you loss . but why be you tell I all this ? zhao because you and I be not so different from each other , Mr. Ford . we be both man from humble beginning who shape the world around we , not the other way around . will yeah -- next time remind I to invite you to my skyscraper . Zhao chuckle . zhao touché . Zhao check he watch then glance at the sun , do a calculation in he head . zhao ( cont would ) walk out there and turn around . unsure but curious , will walk out onto the extended deck , the section . he turn back to face Zhao . zhao ( cont would ) once we open the Pearl , the place you be stand on right now will become the newest wonder of the modern world . a testament to what we can do . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) zhao ( cont would ) ( beat ) Count to three and you will see what I mean . uncertain but game , will play along ... will one...two ... three . on three , the sun hit a certain point in the sky , its ray strike the geodesic dome just so , cause the light to refract perfectly , bounce off of each precisely place facet result in a jaw-dropping effect . suddenly , as if by magic , the deck , the glass , the entire dome itself , everything -- completely vanish . out on the extend deck , a sheer 3,000 foot drop below he , it look as though will be stand on nothing at all , suspend in mid-air . zhao welcome to heaven , Mr. Ford . ext . hong kong outdoor market - day the Pearl loom in the distance , the sun low on the horizon . the street be choke with people and vendor hawk they goods . we find will and Horace wait at a noodle stand . horace welcome to heaven ? he really say that ? will yep . horace but like cool or creepy ? will kinda both . horace Rich guy . will blow on he hand , it 's a bit nippy out . will I do not think Hong Kong get this cold . ( continued ) 30 . continued : horace chinese New Year around the corner . always the coldest month . will think it will snow ? horace be you serious ? we be almost at the equator . at sea level . will all I be say be my leg know when it 's gonna snow -- and it 's bark right now . horace you leg be a moron . I think it 's snow like once here in two-hundred year . will so you be say there 's a chance . Horace roll he eye . the vendor hand over two carton of noodle . they scoop they up and move off , landing we on a rat -face man lurking nearby , clocking will and Horace with intent . he move out , stalking the duo . we track with will and Horace as they move through the throng , immersing ourselves in the vibrant sight and sound of a bustling Hong Kong street market . horace best noodle in town -- 90 % why I live around the corner . will I think you live at the Pearl . horace Hell no . can not afford it . will I just think he would want you there for security . horace I run security for the building not he . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) horace ( cont would ) he 's get he own private outfit , they be with he for a while . plus with this bad boy ... Horace raise he crippled hand . horace ( cont would ) ..- body detail be not really in the card for I . that hit will hard . Horace notice . horace ( cont would ) hey -- I do not mean to -- will no , it 's okay . it 's fine . it 's the truth . they walk in silence for a beat . will ( cont would ) I see that boy 's face sometimes , you know ? when I can not sleep . the wife and daughter too . all of they . horace you talk to somebody ? will Sarah . a counselor a couple time . but it 's never go away . not completely . the weird part be I do not think I would want it to , you know ? Horace nod , feel for he friend . the pair stop . will look away , barely hold it together in this moment . the Rat - face man , sense he chance , snap OPEN a switchblade and close in on will and Horace ... will ( cont would ) I could not save they , I could not save the team . I could not save anyone . horace hey -- that 's not on you . will -- look at I . will do . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 3 ) horace ( cont would ) that 's not on you -- okay ? the team know the risk go in . we all sign up for it . we know the risk . that 's not yours to carry . will thank you . horace now , I would hug you in public , but I do not want people to think we be dating . will laugh , unaware as the Rat -face man approach behind he raise he blade and look for all the world like he 's about to stab will in the back . will sense something behind he . he turn just as the rat- face man swing the blade -- slice the strap on will 's laptop bag and take off running with it , vanish into the flow of the market . horace ( cont would ) I get he . Horace bolt after the thief , rush headlong into the throng of market go-er . not one to sit on the sideline , will scan the area quickly spot : a douchebag on a ducati . lean against he red metal phallus , revving the throttle at a pair of pretty girl pass by . he move off he bike to call after they . they be not have it . the douchebag turn back just in time to see will swinging he leg over the ducati 959 . will next time try flower . vrroom ! will take off in a blur . ext . hong kong market / intersection - moment later Horace run full tilt after the Rat -face man , push bystander aside . he 's close in on he but just then the Rat - face man wheel , pull out a Glock and fire -- blam-blam-blam ! ( continued ) 33 . continued : market go -er scream and scatter . Horace dive behind a trashcan -- .40 caliber round sparking off it . utter chaos as the thief spot a motorcycle rider stop at the light in front of he . he point the business end of he Glock at the biker , commandeer the ride and tear out of there just as Horace come to a run stop , defeat . suddenly , another roar . Horace spin , narrowly jump out of the way as will , riding hell - bent for leather on the ducati , rip past he in hot pursuit . and now we find ourselves in ... a _( reasonably - priced ) hong kong style motorcycle chase , weaving between oncoming trolleys and throughout the precarious incline and narrow street of Hong Kong proper . all of this end when will draw even with the thief and leap from he motorcycle , tackle the assailant to the ground into a trash -strewn alley the Rat - face man go down hard , drop he gun . will get to he foot first and go to lay hand on he but the shifty thief pull out he switchblade and take a swing , slice will on the arm . he jump back clutching the wound , blood already start to pour . the Rat - face man bounce to he foot and square off with will , a man twice he size . a cornere animal , he attack , swinging wildly . will be surprisingly agile -- especially so consider he leg . will dodge one lunge , then another . he 's get this guy time now -- and on the assailant 's third attempt , will catch the Rat -face man 's wrist , snap it in one precise move . the Rat - face man howl in pain , drop the knife . will clock a intricate tattoo on the thief 's forearm . the Rat - face man scramble back , look down at will 's foot where the discard glock rest . the thief look to will , then the gun -- be will gonna pick it up ? just then , a out -of - breath Horace come rush around the corner , spot the standoff . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) will reach down but doesn't pick up the gun -- instead he pick up he laptop bag and kick the gun away . the Rat - face man be not go to stick around to find out why . he take off run in the other direction . Horace join will as the duo watch the little man run off . horace welcome to Hong Kong . [ reader's note : in scene contain only chinese character , all dialogue will be speak in the native cantonese ( with appropriate subtitles ) . this will be denote by the use of italic in the dialoque block . thank you for you time and attention to this matter . we now return you to you regularly schedule screenplay - read activity . ] CUT to : a dead guard slump lifelessly on the floor of he guard booth . a fresh bullet hole in he forehead . a woman' hand reach into frame and yank the access card off of he shirt . we pan off the guard with the woman 's hand , revealing we be ... ext . off - site control facility - night a low-slung concrete build on the outskirt of the city . three silhouettes - the woman flanke by two men -- move away from the guard booth and toward the building . int . off - site control room - night six worker man a control station at this secure off-site facility . only today it 's not so secure . the door open . the worker turn to see xia ( pronounce " shi-ya " ) stand in the doorway hold the access card . a slip of a woman with a pixie cut and a pretty smile , xia flash it just before she pull out two silence 9mm and rip off six shot , dispatch each worker in turn . ( continued ) 35 . continued : xia enter when suddenly two heavy duty guard appear out of nowhere right on top of she -- a surprise . in a blink , xia launch herself , climb the guard like a jungle gym as she apply some deat and deadly Black widow scissor kick action , end it with a coup de grace by simultaneously shoot each guard with the other gun . it 's all over in under three second . xia pop up . blow a stray strand hair out of she face and move off nonchalantly revealing the two man she come in with , a techie and a tough guy , stand in the doorway have just watch she in action . the boy share a look : do not fuck this with chick . they move into the room to do they job . the techie , dump a rag-dolled worker out of he chair and pull himself up to the control board , go to work ... techie I can get access to nominal control -- but anything above the 95th floor , in the residential section , will require the baseline machine code . xia you will have what you need , just make sure I get what I need . the tough guy 's cellphone ring . he answer . his face go sour . he hang up . shake he head . xia nod . xia ( cont would ) time for plan B. horace ( pre - lap ) how come you do not pick up he gun ? int . horace's apartment - day a well - appoint but modest one - bedroom apartment on the second floor . Horace inspect will 's wound . will what do you mean ? horace I mean you could have pick it up but you do not . why ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : will I do not know . I have not touch one in such a long time -- I guess I just do not want to hurt anybody today . there 's more to it , but Horace leave it alone . he stand . horace you be gonna need stitches . i'11l get my kit . Horace stand up and move into the adjacent bathroom and start digging out he mo kit . will 's phone ring . Sarah be facetime he . he answer . will hey baby -- how be the pandas ? but , surprisingly , Sarah be back at the Pearl . [ intercut as necessary ] . sarah we do not really get to see they -- Henry eat some weird candy and start throw up , so we come back . in the bathroom Horace get a text message . he read it . look at himself in the mirror -- a haunt man stare back . in the pearl Sarah usher Henry and Georgia off the elevator and toward they luxury apartment door . will be he okay ? do he have a attack ? sarah no , he breathe be fine . no fever or anything , he just need to lie down . will okay -- I be come back right now . sarah do not rush -- we be cool . just , you know , no pandas . which suck . Henry chime in ... ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) henry it suck ! sarah do not say " suck " , honey . will we will go tomorrow , buddy . if you be feel better . ( to Sarah ) alright , I be gonna hustle back . Love you . sarah Love you . Sarah hang up , unlock the door to they apartment when suddenly out of a adjacent apartment door , six security guard appear , carry heavy black duffle bag , two of they wheeling a handcart with a container on it . they stop short at the sight of Sarah and she kid . the lead security guard , sport a samurai topknot haircut , smile kindly ... lead security guard sorry , miss . we think this floor be empty . sarah yeah -- I too . the kid stare at the man . it 's a strangely charge moment . Sarah notice a fade word stencile on the container : tmlapalmlwot Sarah do not know what it mean but she spidey - sense start tingling . something about this guy be not right . sarah ( cont would ) everything okay ? lead security guard everything 's fine . routine floor check . sarah take six guy to check a empty floor , huh ? the lead Security Guard smile tightly . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) lead security guard we like to be thorough . sarah I will say . lead security guard you have a nice night , mar 'am . with that , the team move down the hall toward a exit door , one of the Guards shoot a glance over he shoulder , clocking she . he ask under he breath ... guard want I to clean that up ? lead security guard Nah . it will take care of itself . they push through the exit door , disappear downward . Sarah watch they go . georgia Mom -- be that guy the police ? sarah no , honey . they be not the police . her mind tick , Sarah hover she thumb over will 's number about to call he back . then she think better of it and pocket she phone , open the door and ushere she kid inside . a beat later and we hear she throw the deadbolt . CUT to : white sand be pour onto the ground . we be ... int . the pearl - 96th floor lobby - moment later the six guard , now sport serious chemical mask pour out stream of granulate white powder over every surface as though they be salt a road -- a winter wonderland . the lead Guard hold the exit door open as he team move past he , pull off they mask and head up the stair . the last man stand , the lead Security Guard , he hand poise above a red FIRE alarm handle , take in the powder landscape in front of he : a entirely frost floor . ( continued ) 39 . continued : he yank down the alarm handle and exit through the door . we wait in the 96th floor lobby as the alarm blare . emergency light flash . then the sprinkler system engage , dousing the entire floor with a wet down from on high . but the moment the water hit the powder , it ignite . int . horace's apartment - night will hang up . in the bathroom , Horace look concerned . he call out to will ... horace they go back to the Pearl ? will Henry be not feel well . horace that 's too bad . will yup -- no pandas . but something else be bugging will ... will ( cont would ) hey -- do you notice the ink on that guy 's forearm ? horace who the little guy ? will yeah . horace do not notice . Horace grab he mo kit and exit into the live room where will continue ... will look like a affiliation -- maybe gang ink . i'11l sketch it out for the cop . ( continued ) 40 . continued : horace we be not gonna call the cop . Horace 's voice have change , it 's colder now , darker ... horace ( cont would ) you could not just let he take the bag , could you ? have to be a hero . always gotta be the hero . will what be you talk about -- Horace pull out a .45 automatic from the mo bag and point it squarely at he friend . will stand , wary ... horace I try to do this clean -- but now you be gonna have to take the fall for all of it . will whoa -- h -- what 's go on ? talk to I . put the gun down and let 's talk . horace I do not have a choice -- I do not have a fuck choice now . it 's too late . you mess it up . why would you have to mess it up ? will slow down -- horace I be sorry . -- bang ! Horace fire just as will dive out of the way , take cover behind the kitchen counter divide . Horace round that corner and pull the trigger but will have already close the gap , knock the muzzle aside cause the shot to go wide , disarming Horace . the pair find themselves in close quarter hand - to-hand melee ; each man expertly train . a brutal affair unfold as will and Horace fight to the death . the confines of the apartment take the brunt as book fall from bookshelve , lamp be send crash , picture shatter . only one man will make it out alive . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) Horace catch will with a elbow stun he ; he kick out will prosthetic leg -- a dirty move -- then sweep the other , drop will to the floor -- thud . Horace spot the wayward .45 and snatch it up , turn to fire only to have will use he good leg to kick out Horace 's , drop he to the floor as well . will pounce on top of Horace as the two former teammate struggle mightily against each other for control of the .45 when suddenly -- bang . the gun go off . a moment as we do not know who get the worst of it . then Horace cough up blood , he eye roll back in he head . a look of dismay wash over will 's face . he release he death grip on he longtime friend . without miss a beat , will check Horace 's injury : a gunshot wound just below the breast bone . blood pump out rhythmically , air suck in -- a mortal blow . will apply direct pressure with he hand as best he can but he know he 's gonna need something to stop the bleed . will you be gonna be alright -- sit up -- lean forward . will maneuver Horace 's body as he start to wheeze from a collapse lung . Horace apologize , rapidly turn pale . horace I be sorry -- I be sorry -- will hey -- just stay with I -- look at I -- fight it now . you gotta fight it . will move into the adjacent bathroom and grab a hand - towel to help staunch the bleed . that 's when will stop short at the sight of : a_hand protruding out from behind the shower curtain . will yank the curtain back , revealing the body of a dead man in a suit , crumpled lifelessly in the tub . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 3 ) will nearly stumble at the shocking sight . he rush out of the bathroom and back to the live room where Horace be paper white and not long for this world . will kneel down next to he . will ( cont would ) tell I what 's go on -- if you tell I , I can help you . Horace ? Horace ? horace ... they be not suppose to go back ... they be not suppose to be there ... will 's blood go cold . will who be not suppose to be there ? ( beat ) what do you do ? Horace choke out a rag ... horace I -- I be sorry . and then he 's go . will let go of he friend . and that 's when he hear it : siren . in the distance -- a lot of they . will move to Horace 's window , yanking open the blind to see a horror unimaginable : the pearl be on FIRE . a entire floor , maybe two , be ablaze halfway up the building . base on the silhouette of the structure , will know Sarah and he kid be above the fire line . his heart sink . then more siren . but this be much closer . will glance down to : the STREET below where a swarm of hong kong police ( hkp ) and swat van screech to a stop out in front . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 4 ) the van door open and out pour a assault team . they hustle into the apartment building . his mind racing , will only have moment to form a plan . quickly he snag he prosthesis , secure it to he leg . he sling he laptop bag and grab the .45 , tucking it away . he hear heavy footfalls as the assault team ascend the stair . will move to the door , snugging up against it . he glance down at he foot -- at first we be not sure why . then a little black snake slither under the door . a fiber optic camera . on the other side of the door the assault team stack up . the optic man crouch at the the door work the snake- cam -- its monitor show the batter apartment and a portion of Horace 's slack body . will watch the snake-cam 's head twist around and just as it bend toward he he snatch it up and yank it hard ... the optic man , hold the other end of it , be yank head - first into the door -- wham ! will open the door and grab the daze optic man -- snap he back into the apartment and shutting the door . the assault team on the other side of the door unload on it -- shredd the wood to piece . inside the apartment will headbutt the optic man out cold , then he snatch a flashbang grenade off of he webbing , pull the pin . the limp optic man in one hand , will toss the flashbang through one of the gunshot hole in the swiss cheese door . shout of alarm follow by a thunderous bang . will open the door just wide enough to kick the optic man through the open onto he stunne comrade , knock a few of they over like bowl pin . will slam the door shut and move to a stand cabinet , shoulder it , tipping it over to block the front door . ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 5 ) the assault team on the other side begin batter the door open with a metal ram . will only have second leave . he race to the window , tear off the blind and throw open the pane . crack -- the door break open and the assault team rush in just as will disappear out the window , drop from sight . ext . back alley - continuous will hit the ground hard -- he leg go out from under he as he cry out in pain . he gather himself quickly , get to he foot to find himself surrounded . the hkp have both end of the alley block off . they inch toward will from either end , close in on he like a vice . will glance up to see the assault team in the apartment aim down on he from the window above . he 's trap . it 's over . will put he hand up , point desperately at the Pearl , ablaze in the skyline ... will my family ! my family be trap in that building ! but they do not speak English and he do not speak chinese . will ( cont would ) please ! listen to I ! you have to listen ! my family -- bang ! a shotgun blast strike will in the chest -- a non-lethal beanbag round knock the wind out of he . then another , then a third . the big man drop to a knee , weaken , unable to catch he breath . the hkp close in , subsume he . CUT to : will be big wrist cinched in tiny chinese handcuffs , as he 's lead through the throng of cop toward a wait police van . ( continued ) 45 . continued : the pearl burn in the distance as will be shove into the back of the van . he look up longingly at the burn high rise -- the only people in this world he love trap inside . the van door close on will 's face revealing the burn high rise in they black - out window . the door recede from we -- move away from the Pearl , away from the very place will want to be most . int . the pearl - private residence - night distraught , Sarah finish leave a voicemail for will . the fire alarm blare . emergency light flash brightly . a alarm voice repeat itself in chinese . Henry and Georgia look scared . Sarah hang up and usher they to the couch . sarah get on the couch . georgia Mom -- what 's go on ? be we gonna be okay ? sarah we be go to be fine . there 's a fire in the building , but we be safe here -- everything 's go to be okay . I be go to go talk to the firemen . Sarah move into the bathroom and turn on the cold water in the bathtub , pull the stopper shut to fill it . she grab a towel , roll it into a tube . exiting the bathroom , she kneel down in front of she kid . sarah ( cont would ) look at I : stay on this couch and do not move until I comeback . understand ? Henry and Georgia nod . Sarah hand Georgia she phone . sarah ( cont would ) if daddy call , tell he we be okay and that I will be right back . ( beat ) I love you both very much . ( continued ) 46 . continued : Sarah kiss they then exit . int . the pearl - hallway - continuous Sarah wedge the roll up towel against the foot of the door . then she go to the elevator and see that the display above the door show a red FIRE logo with a X over it . elevator have be automatically disabled . Sarah find the FIRE exit door and push through it . int . the pearl - FIRE stair - continuous Sarah move down from the 98th floor -- instantly feel a wall of heat rush at she . she push on , down one flight and nearly to the next landing when -- ka - boom ! the door to the 96th floor rocket off its hinges , slamm into the wall opposite , crumpling like tinfoil . hungry for fresh oxygen , the flame from the raging fire snake through the new open into the stairwell . Sarah scramble backward -- turn to run back up the way she come . there 's no way down . ext . the pearl - ground level - night control chaos as crowd have gather to gape at the unimaginable sight . a adjacent thirty - foot wide hd billboard on the side of a nearby build play the news of the fire for all to see . emergency SERVICES be already on the scene , cordon off the area . amidst it , we find the FIRE chief walk through the throng talk to the man in charge , captain chan . FIRE chief ... Fire 's burn uncheck on the 96th . we be evacuate the building as we speak . gonna take some time . captain chan what about people above the 96th ? have anyone contact they ? FIRE chief no . captain chan no ? why not ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : FIRE chief because there 's no one above the 96th floor -- it 's not open yet . captain chan you be kid I . FIRE chief the owner of the building be in the penthouse on the 220th -- that 's it . and the fire will never get there . captain chan how do you know that ? FIRE chief the automatic fire door and dampen measure have engage , sealing the fire in place . if it can not go up and it can not go down , it will burn itself out in under two hour , even if we do not do anything -- no fuel , no fire . captain chan you be tell I the building be put out the fire by itself ? FIRE chief that 's a oversimplification , Captain . captain chan really ? cuz it sound to I like you be out of a job , Chief . with that , Chan yank open the door to a emergency ops trailer , disappear inside . the Chief follow . int . the pearl - private residence - night Sarah push through the door , cough . Henry and Georgia rush to she . she kneel down and hug she cub tightly . georgia daddy do not call . sarah that 's okay . gimme the phone . let 's try he together . Sarah dial will one final time ... 48 . ext . hong kong STREET - night the Police Van , escort by hkp on motorcycle , move through the crowded street , siren wail . int . police van - same will ride wordlessly with the assault team . suddenly a buz . will glance at he laptop bag -- he can see he phone in the mesh webbing of one of its outer pocket . it 's Sarah 's face . she 's call he . it 's nothing short of torture for will as he 's foot away but can do nothing . will answer it ! the assault team ignore he . will ( cont would ) answer my phone ! will try to answer it himself , move to get up when he take the butt of a rifle to the gut for he trouble . will crumple . cough . his phone show the miss call from Sarah . will swing he gaze to a smirking guard . will 's eye narrow , he 's gonna -- whammmmm ! our world goe upside down . we be trap in a violent clothes dryer as we spin and tumble . ext . hong kong STREET - same the police van be t-bon by a batter ram truck , send it spin like a roll pin into the side of a building . instantly , a half -dozen gangster , sport chinese dragon mask , race up in motorcycle , ambush hkp officer . it 's over in a blink as the gangster cut down the cop . int . police van - same it 's dark in here . the interior van light stutter , offer a eerie strobe effect . we be completely upside down . ( continued ) 49 . continued : gunfire and shouting outside . a turkey shoot underway . in the back of the van , the assault team member groan , some out cold . will shake out the cobweb just in time to hear the roaring whine of a gas-power blade see . suddenly a shower of hot spark rain down inside the van -- the door be be cut open from the outside . then a crowbar be wedge in pry this prize box open -- one thrust , then two . the door crack free revealing : three dragon -masked gangster , smoke roiling past they horn in wick slow motion . the smirk Guard go for he gun but take two round in the chest from the lead gangster . the lead gangster swing the barrel of he carbine to will . a moment as it look like this might be the most expensive short film in the history of cinema . but then the lead gangster drop he weapon and reach past will , snagging the thing he come for -- the laptop bag . the lead gangster make sure the laptop be inside , then he toss the bag to a wait comrade on a motorcycle . the comrade tear ass out of there . fast approach siren . no time , the mask gangster back away , split apart on they motorcycle -- heist complete . in the van will hear siren and weigh he option : stay here and stay arrest or seize the moment and go rescue he family . for a guy like will , there 's only one answer . he search for the cuff keys , find they on the smirk Guard 's belt . will quickly frees himself , snag a sidearm and exit . outside the van the siren have grow louder , he 's get only second to make he escape . bystander have begin to gather -- they point at will when he appear from the wreckage . some start shouting . many other record it all on they smartphone . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) will get he bearing quickly , scan the skyline until he find what he 's look for , then he head off in that direction -- people part like the Red Sea as this massive maniac with a gun move toward they . we swing around will to reveal he goal : the pearl , burn like a fuse in the night sky . match CUT to : the pearl burn on a television screen . we be ... int . the pearl - penthouse boardroom - night stand in front of he wall - size touch screen , Zhao watch he building burn on the local news . if this worry he , it do not show . the three suit sit at the table , however , be start to sweat . one of they whisper to Mr. pierce ... suit helluva first day , huh ? Mr. pierce swallow hard -- this might be the worst day in he insurance underwrite life . he speak up ... mr . pierce should we evacuate ? zhao evacuate ? mr . pierce yes . take you helicopter . zhao and why would we do that ? mr . pierce the building 's on fire . zhao the building be not on fire . the 96th floor be on fire . Mr. pierce nearly scoff -- he look at the suit to back he up . they look away . ( continued ) 51 . continued : zhao ( cont would ) Mr. pierce , we body be the result of million of year of evolution . when face with heat , we sweat . when face with danger , we blood course with adrenaline and cortisol . when face with extreme cold , hypothermia , we body act to conserve heat , cut off blood to the extremity -- any sacrifice to keep the core warm . the brain . the Pearl be the same . we be sacrifice one floor , so that the rest may live . Zhao nod at a set of security monitor , show the fire containment on the 96th floor . zhao ( cont would ) the ninety -sixth floor will burn to ash , the fire will die and we will rebuild it . the Pearl itself will never be in jeopardy . I assure you . just then , the tv News cut away from its coverage of the fire to show a stock photo of will ford next to smartphone video of he escape from the overturn hkp Van . the room go silent . Zhao un - mute the screen ... newscaster ... the american be the prime suspect in a double-homicide and be want for he apparent connection to the fire at the Pearl ... Zhao turn to he head of security , a no nonsense israeli man name dov ( 40s ) . zhao get I answer . dov nod and exit . puzzle , Zhao turn he attention back to the image of will on he screen . match CUT to : will be face on the same newscast , play through a window . we be ... 52 . ext . hong kong street - night the broadcast play inside a bar , patron be rapt by it . we find will watch too from a alleyway . he scan the area , every tv screen he see be play the same thing : he face right next to the burn Pearl . he 's a want man . will 's mind churn : he image be everywhere and he 's a foot taller than everyone in this city -- he will stick out like a sore thumb on the street . unless ... catercorner , will spot a beggar in a wheelchair panhandle . CUT to : the beggar look up at we . a fistful of cash be hold out to he . reveal will as he bring he finger to he lip : shhhh . the beggar smile a toothless smile and reach for the cash . int . the pearl - private residence - bathroom - night Georgia submerges bathroom towel in the tub as Sarah kneel in front of Henry hold a asthma inhaler . henry I be fine , mom . sarah you be fine now , honey , but we be about to go out there and there 's a lot of smoke and bad air and I do not want you to have a attack , okay ? ( to Georgia ) dunk they all the way , make sure the whole thing get wet . the hand towel too . Georgia do as she 's tell . Sarah look back to she son ... sarah ( cont would ) two quick inhale , please ? Henry oblige . sarah ( cont would ) good job . thank you . ( pockete it ) I will have it right here with I if you need it , okay ? ( continued ) 53. continued : henry okay . georgia Mom -- be we gonna die ? the directness of the question stop Sarah short . sarah no honey , we be not gonna die . henry where 's dad ? sarah he 's not here . henry be he come to get we ? they look at they mother . Sarah know this moment matter . sarah there 's nothing in this world that would stop you father from keep you both safe . henry and you too , right ? sarah and I too . Sarah open she toiletry kit and take out a pair of chrome shear scissor . sarah ( cont would ) Hand I that towel . ext . off - site control facility - night a motorcycle rip toward the chain - link fence . the tough guy , now dress as the security guard , open the gate . clutch will 's laptop bag , the biker roar through . int . off - site control room - moment later the biker rush into the room and hand the laptop to xia . she toss it to the techie who snag it out of the air and quickly boot it up , gain access the precious control protocol he need . ( continued ) 54 . continued : xia do it . on screen we see full access grant . the techie expertly engage all of the anti-fire measure from the 95th down , a cascade of GREEN colored floors all the way to the bottom . then he deactivate all of the anti-fire measure from the 96th to the top -- all of that floor blink red . with a swipe on the touchscreen , the FIRE door from the 97th on up slide open , feed the fire with fresh air . on the 96th floor we see the flame roar upward , like a live creature -- a twist tornado of fire thirsty for fuel and hungry for oxygen . the blaze climb higher -- a kiln burn white - hot . back to : techie lady and gentleman , I give you a 6.5 billion dollar chimney . xia lock it in . some fancy keystroke add a encryption code to the change in the building , effectively make they permanent . techie encrypt . he pop up and hand will 's laptop to xia . techie ( cont would ) you have get full system control from that laptop and that laptop only . no pass code need . plug and play . everyone else be lock out . xia how long will it take they to crack you encryption and regain control ? techie I do not know -- seven hundred year ? I be the only one who know the logarithmic base cipher I use to encrypt it , so I be literally the only person on planet earth who can crack it . pretty smart , huh ? ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) xia not that smart . thwip ! one silence 9 mm round to the forehead drop the techie . she tuck she gun away and slide will 's laptop into she messenger bag for safe keep , pull out a glossy black brick with a blinking red light in exchange . the phone in the control room start ringing madly . she ignore it , place the black brick on the doorjamb with a magnetic chunk . she activate it and exit . ext . off - site control facility - moment later xia move away from the facility toward the front gate . she touch she ear , speak to someone unseen ... xia head to on-site . the tough guy look over from the guard shack ... tough guy we do ? xia yep . thwip-thwip ! two shot in the ten-re . he 's dead before he hit the ground . she do not so much as break stride . int . the pearl - 98th floor hallway - moment later choke with smoke . lick of flame be visible through the exterior window , reach up from below . it 's only a matter of time before the fire claim this floor as well . the door to the apartment open , revealing Sarah sport a wet hand towel tie around she nose and mouth like a cowboy . she 's cut a hole through the sopping bath towel for she head , wear it like a poncho . she step into the hallway , hold hand with Henry and Georgia who be dress just like she : wet towel mask and poncho , give the kid the look of tiny ghost bank robber . georgia where be we go ? sarah up. 56 . int . the pearl - penthouse boardroom - night Zhao stare at he giant wall monitor : every floor above the 95th be blinking red , the anti-fire measure all read as off -line . clearly , something be rotten in Denmark . the suit be agitate . one sip a bottle of water , he hand shaking as he do . Mr. pierce pace , nervous . mr . pierce I think you say the fire would not spread . you say it would be contain . what 's wrong with you building ? do not you have sprinkler system ? zhao yes and the sprinkler system on the 96th floor engage as design . mr . pierce really ? then why do not the fire go out ? zhao because the water cause the fire . mr. pierce come again ? zhao it 's the only conclusion . and there 's only one way water itself can cause a fire : through a exothermic chemical reaction . which mean this be not a accident -- it be arson . dov , Zhao 's body man , return ... dov local control be completely lock out and off-site 's not answer . the entire system 's be compromise -- we tech be try to crack it . ( beat ) and there 's something else . zhao what ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : dov we log code show will Ford 's family swipe into they residence two hour ago , before the fire . that news puzzle Zhao , but he 's get bigger fish to fry ... zhao how long to get control of the building back ? dov I do not think they really know , sir . zhao what be they estimate ? dov eighteen hour . the suit drink the bottle water nearly choke on it . mr . pierce eighteen hour ?! we do not have eighteen minute ! this thing 's burn like a match ! zhao match burn from the top down . mr . pierce oh fuck you , buddha ! we need to leave ! zhao you be miss my point . with the fire door open above the fire and close below they , this building be not burn like a match -- it 's burn like a kiln . it 's super - heating . mr . pierce be you say it will collapse ? zhao no -- the Pearl could burn to cinder and never collapse . collapse be not the issue . mr . pierce then what be ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) zhao the real issue be that the building do not know it 's on fire . and if it do not know it 's on fire , it can not act to preserve itself . which mean the fire will grow hotter and hotter and spread faster and faster until it have nothing leave to feed on . until it eat itself to death . until it consume we whole . mr . pierce fantastic . wonderful . I think we have all learn something really valuable here today . I know I have . now can we please get on the fuck helicopter ? zhao you know what 's interesting about you , Mr. pierce ? mr . pierce what ? zhao nothing . dov chime in , speak softly ... dov Sir , you know as well as I do that if the fire get within twenty floor of we it will over - heat the air around the helipad make liftoff impossible . if we be go to evacuate , we need to do it now . Zhao weigh the situation . then he make he decision . zhao alert the authority that we will be depart . with that , Zhao exit . int . the pearl - penthouse bedroom - night Zhao move through he lavish bedroom and into he walk - in closet . pass rack of $ 5,000 suit , he stop at the back wall -- a pane of glass look out onto the skyline below . ( continued ) 59 . continued : Zhao place he hand on the glass cause hide scanner to read he palm print . GREEN beam shoot out from a secret source behind the glass and scan he retinas . suddenly , the pane of glass reveal itself to be a cleverly construct false wall -- it 's a 6k LED screen play a video image of the skyline below . a perfect forgery . the LED panel open inward . Zhao step through it into ... a vault about the size of a small bathroom . Zhao move to a old school 1820 's floor safe and dial in a combination . he crack it open , pull the heavy door back to reveal a single object inside : a tiny red memory card , the size of a thumbnail . Zhao reach for it . ext . the pearl - ground level - night tumult as evacuee from the Pearl be direct this way and that way by emergency personnel . meanwhile , hundred of on - looker , cellphone blaze , stare up at the burn Pearl : a awesome sight , nothing short of a tower inferno™ . amidst the chaos we find a one - legged homeless man , dress in rag and a tatter ball cap , push he way through the throng in a wheelchair . no one pay he any mind , which be just how will Ford like it . will pause and look up at the burn skyscraper above he , the mountain he must climb to rescue he family . the sheer size of it take he breath away . the task seem impossible . will 's mind race -- there have to be a way . suddenly he spot the answer . he wheel toward we as we pivot around he to reveal a : 65 -ton super crane perch at the very top of a adjacent 90 - story build still under construction . we hold a beat longer than we might as suddenly xia step into frame . she must have spot will . she move after he . ext . adjacent build - entrance - moment later in the alcove entrance , a police officer wave the crowd along : keep it movin ' people . nothing to see here . ( continued ) 60 . continued : will roll into the alcove in he wheelchair , hold out a paper cup , shaking it at he -- begging . the Police Officer scowl , then bark at will in chinese . but will keep at it shaking the cup . finally , the asshole cop slap the cup out of will 's hand and in a blink , will grab the man 's wrist yanking he down into a vicious head - butt -- crack . the cop go slack . will catch he before he fall . will sorry , pal . next time maybe give a little . quickly , will hop up on one leg and swap place with the police officer , drop he down into the wheelchair and cover he up with he ball cap and tatter coat . will place the cup in the cop 's lap and push he forward just as a passerby toss some change into the he cup . will ( cont would ) thanks . the English startles the passerby but he keep move . will lock the wheelchair in place and pull out he prosthetic leg from the satchel on the chair - back , attach it . will pat the cop on the shoulder and move off inside the building . a beat later , xia appear in the alcove . she move to the officer , digging under he hobo jacket and unhook the radio mic from he shoulder ... xia Shots fire . Shots fire . Officer down . request immediate back -up . suspect will Ford have enter the scion Capitol building . armed & dangerous . she press the barrel of she silenced 9 mm against the unconscious officer 's chest , and pull the trigger -- thwip . the officer 's body jerk from the impact . xia pick up the brass cartridge , blow on it like a lucky penny . 61 . int . emergency ops trailer - night flanke by he second - in - command , lieutenant han , Captain Chan drink black tea from a paper cup as he move through the ops trailer , keep a eye on a series of monitor which play local news broadcast of the unfold event . lieutenant han ... Fire Chief say there 's nothing he can do . Water pressure from the truck can only hit the 30th floor , top . the system crash shut down the standpipe in the building -- there 's no way to get water up high enough . captain chan so what 's he say ? lieutenant han he 's say it 's gonna burn . captain chan get a team to that off-site control facility -- we need that system back online . lieutenant han yes , sir . captain chan what about the guy -- will Ford . what do we know ? lieutenant han Marine Corps , bronze Star , FBI for six year , hostage rescue team for eight -- early retirement . captain chan early ? lieutenant han I guess there be a incident . captain chan what kind of a incident ? lieutenant han we be not clear on it yet . captain chan get clear . ( continued ) continued : 62 . lieutenant han yes , sir . captain chan what about the other guy ? the dead one in the bathtub . lieutenant han still no id on he but medical examiner say he be kill eight , maybe ten hour beforehand . captain chan so you be tell I this one - legge american war hero , travel thirteen thousand mile -- with he wife and kid who no one can seem to locate by the way -- to kill a John doe this morning , dump the body in he FBI buddy 's bathtub before off he too and then , to kind of round out the evening , decide to light the tallest building in the world on fire ? that 's where we be at with it ? lieutenant han that 's what it look like right now , yeah . captain chan and the attack on the van -- the one that sprung he -- that 's part of this ? lieutenant han maybe . maybe not . captain chan well I do not know about you Lieutenant , but I think we might win a medal for we police work here . outstanding stuff . ( beat ) how ' bout this : be there anything we do know for sure ? lieutenant han Zhao 's leave he penthouse by helicopter . get word ten minute ago . captain chan well , thank god the billionaire 's safe . ( beat ) Lieutenant ? ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) lieutenant han yes , sir ? captain chan do I a favor ? go find will Ford . I would like to ask he some question . lieutenant han yes , Captain . Lieutenant han turn to go but ... captain chan Lieutenant . lieutenant han Sir ? captain chan never mind . found he . Captain Chan point a large monitor where we see live news helicopter footage of will climb the vertical spire of the super crane from the outside . captain chan ( cont would ) send a strike team . a ops tech chime in ... ops tech already there , sir . ext . adjacent build - super crane - night news chopper circle , blast will with they spotlight as he work he way , inch - by-inch , up the exterior scaffold of the 300 - hundred foot tall super crane . on the crane spire , will mutter to himself ... will do not look down ... do not look down ... will look down -- the height be dizzying . his stomach drop . he curse himself ... will ( cont would ) stupid . then , at the base of the crane , will spot : ( continued ) 64 . continued : the strike team rush onto the roof , point they weapon up at he . they team leader hurry to the crane 's entry door as the building 's manager unlock it . the team leader throw open the door and press the call button for the crane car . on the crane spire two-thirds of the way to the top , will watch as the crane car descend past he . will can not believe it ... will ( cont would ) shit . there be a elevator ? it 's only a matter of moment before the elevator reach the Strike team on the roof . no ( more ) time for joke , will redouble he effort , climb feverishly . just then , a jet black police helicopter swoops down from the night sky like a bird of prey on the hunt . aboard the police helicopter we see a sniper , sport serious - look night vision goggle , readying he js 7.62 mm bolt -action long gun . ext . crane control platform - night at last , will pull himself up and onto the control platform . exhausted by the effort , will collapse flat on he back for a second , breathe hard . it 's eerily quiet up here . will get to he foot and look at the Pearl . he 's roughly 110 storey up -- above the fire line , above the park even . will look down to the rooftop and see the strike team board the crane car . will chide himself ... will great plan , will . Way to really think this through . now what , genius ? he 's get only second to do whatever it be he 's plan to do . will spot the glass - encased control car -- inside it a panel of button and a joystick that control the boom arm . he move to it , scan the area look for anything to help he break the door handle and gain access . ( continued ) 65 . continued : he spot a nearby tool cabinet . he rush to it , yanking it open to reveal a set of tool -- among they a sledgehammer . will grab it and rush back to the Control car . he 's just about to bludgeon he way in when he think better of it and -- what the hell -- try the door handle . click . it open . will almost laugh . but the sound of the approach elevator snap he back into the moment . he rush over to the platform 's elevator cage , grab hold of a length of chain and a screwdriver along the way . will slip the thick chain through a steel loop on the elevator cage door , secure it with screwdriver . it will slow " they down , but only for so long . will hurry into the control car where he turn the crane on . after some quick and comedic trial & error and he 's get the hang of it . will rotate the boom arm , swinging it toward the Pearl . then he extend toward the face of the building . the crane beeps a alert -- it can not extend any further . a thirty foot gap remain between the end of the crane and the Pearl . will exit the Control car just as the Strike team arrive to find themselves lock in . immediately , they go to work on the door , try to break the makeshift chain lock . time run out , will grab the sledgehammer and hustle to the far end of the crane . he stare off the end of the diving board , look at the building in front of he , calculate something in he mind . will move back a few pace then charge at we , hold the sledgehammer high and scream like a medieval warrior ... will ( cont would ) ahhh !!! will hurl the sledgehammer with all he might -- whoosh ! the sledgehammer hurtle through the air , descend gracefully until it strike the glass exterior of the Pearl --crash !-- punch through the glass but not shatter it , stick there . will throw up he hand . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) will ( cont would ) come on . really ? clearly , that be not the plan . int . emergency ops trailer - same the entire ops trailer as well as Captain Chan and Lieutenant han watch the event unfold in sheer disbelief . lieutenant han why the hell would anyone want to get in to a burn building ? just then , a ops tech break in , listen to some chatter on he headset . ops tech Captain -- word come in right now -- we have a location on the suspect 's family . but Captain Chan already know the answer ... captain chan do not tell I -- they be in the building . ops tech yes , sir . ext . crane control platform - night will turn from the edge and move back toward the control car , when he 's hit with a wash of blinding light . the Police helicopter drop down , call out a distorted warning in chinese over its loudspeaker as it swing its body broadside . the light peel away from will revealing the sniper hang out of the bay door . will 's eye go wide -- bang ! -- a high velocity round crack a inch from he head . will break for it , bolt down the boom arm -- run with everything he 's get . the sniper fire again and again but will 's inside the scaffold structure of the steel arm make the shot nearly impossible as two more round ricochet off metal . from directly above , the chopper chase will down the crane arm 's length , fire . ( continued ) 67 . continued : wham -- the elevator door slam open and the Strike team rush onto the platform , stop short at the sight of : will run flat out toward the end of the arm , nothing but a thousand foot drop and certain death at the end of it . the crowd below inhale collectively as they watch this tiny figure race toward the end of the plank ... we're with will as he run that final few step -- no hesitation , no doubt -- to the end of the crane and then -- whoosh ! -- he leap off of it , kick high into the air like a Olympic long jumper . then ... -everything slow down -— silence . wind rush by we ear as we hang a hundred foot above the fire in the pitch black of night the police helicopter hover almost directly above will , fifty foot up ; its rotor turn in timeless slow motion -- whoosh -whoosh-whoosh . will begin to fall in a parabolic arc toward the Pearl -- toward the window pane with the sledgehammer embed in it . aiming nearly straight down , the sniper pull the trigger . crack ! the bullet race at will who 's fall toward the window pane -- the high velocity round rip into will left shoulder . will cry out as the 7.62 mm brass tear through flesh and continue onward , pierce the exterior window -- shatter it completely -- a split second before will hit that very same open -- thud ! speed return as will slam into the newly - form window ledge , the impact knock the wind from he lung . Glass rain down around he as the sledgehammer fall too -- its steel head hook onto the window ledge . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) will fall back but , at the last second , he snatch the sledgehammer handle , dangle there by he one good arm , more than a hundred storey in the air . the crowd below gasp ! the sledgehammer start to slide loose quickly . will have no choice but to use he other hand -- he injure arm . he throw it up there , grab hold of the window 's ledge just as the sledgehammer dislodge , fall away . will hang by he damage arm . enduring ungodly pain , he manage to get he good arm on the ledge . use both arm now , will pull himself inside the building . he make it . on the ground the crowd go wild -- a folk hero be bear . inside the pearl no celebration . no quip . exhausted , will drag himself to he foot and stagger off into the building . int . the pearl - penthouse boardroom - night in the boardroom , Zhao and the other watch in astonishment . mr . pierce what the hell 's he do ? zhao apparently , whatever it take . dov enter and give Zhao a look . zhao ( cont would ) if you will excuse I , please . Zhao exit as Mr. pierce and the suit watch the news unfold . int . the pearl - ante room - moment later dov and Zhao step out of the boardroom , settling in . ( continued ) 69 . continued : dov McManus be instrument -rate , it 's not he day job , but he 's more than qualified to fly we out of here . I send he up to get the bird ready . zhao excellent . but dov 's face betray he -- he 's not say something . zhao ( cont would ) be that it ? dov Sir , I have work for you for nearly eight year now . in that time , I believe I have show myself to be trustworthy and more than capable ... zhao what 's on you mind , dov ? dov Sir -- I can not protect you if you do not tell I what 's go on . this be not a fire , this be a plot -- and I need some answer . Zhao know he body man be right . zhao I can not say for sure . dov I do not need fact . what 's you gut tell you ? who 's behind this ? that name hit dov hard . zhao wu- sai jun . dov triad ? zhao Black Lotus . dov I do not understand , if the Black Lotus want you dead , there be easier way . ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 2 ) zhao they do not want I dead -- they want this . Zhao pull out the red memory card . just then ... mr . pierce ( 0.s. ) can we go ? Zhao quickly pocket the memory card . but Mr. pierce clock it and sense that 's he 's interrupt a secret moment ... mr . pierce be there something I should know ? dov yes -- the helicopter 's ready . dov move off , but Mr. pierce be not feel too comfortable about whatever it be he just witness . int . the pearl - penthouse foyer - moment later flanke by dov and he security detail , Zhao , Mr. pierce , the suit approach the grand double door to he penthouse . Zhao place a palm on a wall - mount hand -scanner . the titanium double door swing open . they exit . int . the pearl - penthouse private elevator - continuous Zhao and the posse move away from the penthouse 's double and step on to a private elevator . the door close . it go up . int . the pearl - 110 th floor - night bizarrely , will find himself on a floor fill with luxury store -- a high - end shopping mall in the sky . bleed on the import emperador marble floor , will stagger past cartier , gucci and tom ford -- all close . he spot a abandon janitor' cart up ahead . he rush to it . will dig through the cart , look for anything that might help he . quickly , he find a roll of duct tape and a bottle of rubbing alcohol . will inspect he gunshot wound : a grisly quarter - size hole in the meat of he shoulder . not good . he rip he shirt sleeve off and roll the fabric into a short tube . ( continued ) 71 . continued : will unscrew the rub alcohol and dump it onto he wound -- the sudden pain hit he like a wave . will brace himself against the wall to keep from double over . a breath , then will thumb the roll fabric into he wound , end -first . the pain be enormous , but the deed be do . the wound have be pack . will grab the duct tape . will if you can not fix it with duct tape ... he wind it twice around the meat of he shoulder , tear the tape with he tooth , secure the ad hoc bandage snugly . will ( cont would ) ... then you be not use enough duct tape . will test he arm . he can move it , but it hurt like a bitch when he do . it will have to do . will loop the duct tape to he belt and move to the inner atrium to get he bearing . all of the elevator be off - line due to the fire . news coverage play on a in - wall tv screen -- from the look of it , the fire be about to reach the park . will talk to himself ... will ( cont would ) I will find you . just hang on . will move to the stairwell door , throw it open only to stagger back as he 's strike with a blast of heat and smoke . will tear he other sleeve off , tie the fabric around he face . he gather himself and enter the stairwell which be choke black by smoke . will spot a red emergency BOX with a wooden pick - head ax inside . a sharp elbow be all it take as will grab hold of a three - foot fireman be ax . he descend into the smoke . int . the pearl - penthouse helipad - moment later Zhao 's luxury helicopter sit inside this two -story , glass - wall , hangar in the sky . then the glass wall slide apart like as the entire section of glossy showroom floor that the helicopter rest on extend into the night sky like a plank on a pirate ship . ( continued ) 72 . continued : the rotor start to spin as the pilot prep for take off . Zhao and the other exit the elevator onto the hangar floor . ext . off - site control facility - night a hkf assault team move through the open gate , clocking the dead body in the guard shack . they approach the low - sling concrete building , stack up by the door . the breacher use he metal ram to knock the doorknob straight through like a whack -a - mole -- thunk ! the team yank the door open and rush in trip a infrare beam and trigger the black brick booby trap . ka - boom . a bone-rattle explosion . int . emergency ops trailer - night Chaos . phone ring , people shout as word of the explosion pour in . Captain Chan take it all in with a grave calm . Lieutenant han approach , hand he a print out . lieutenant han get positive id on the jd in the bathtub . captain chan who be he ? lieutenant han sanjit Singh . insurance executive for hawthorne / Stone , the company underwrite the Pearl . Chan puzzle over this new piece of information as we ... CUT to : pierce stand in the penthouse hangar . he roll up he shirtsleeve , revealing a familiar looking tattoo . we be ... int . the pearl - penthouse hangar - night the helicopter 's rotor at speed , the pilot signal for Zhao and the other to approach . Zhao move forward but dov stop he short -- something be not right . ( continued ) 73. continued : dov hang on -- zhao what be it ? dov -- the pilot . he 's not ours . suddenly , pierce snatch the sidearm from the belt of the nearest security guard -- yanking it free and shoot the man point blank . pierce turn to Zhao and pull the trigger just as dov tackle he boss out of the way , catch a round . the BAY door on the helicopter be throw open revealing five men in black tactical gear -- the very same suspicious man we last see on Sarah 's floor , include the guy with the samurai topknot , now call feng . instantly , it 's a fire-fight . pierce and he five man with sub-machine gun versus dov and he three man with handgun . caught in the crossfire , the suit be quickly drop by the assailant as dov and he squad take cover . hunkere down with Zhao behind a metal tool chest , dov pop up and clip a bad guy , cause he to fall off of the helipad plank , scream as he head all the way down . dov drop down , slapping in a fresh magazine . dov ( cont would ) when I tell you , run for the elevator . Zhao nod . dov pop up and jerk he aim toward the helicopter where he unload eight shot through the windshield , stitching the pilot in the chest . the pilot slump forward onto the control causing the helicopter to lift and tilt toward the hangar -- it only take a split second for the blade to catch the helipad plank . a unholy shriek of metal as the copter 's body be whipsaw toward the glass wall of the penthouse hangar . dov ( cont would ) go !-- ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) --bang ! dov 's voice be choke off as he 's plugge in the chest courtesy of pierce . shock , Zhao take off run ... +.. just as the 20 - ton helicopter smashes through the hangar window : a indoor crash - landing 220 storey above the earth . Zhao reach the elevator just as the chopper explode in flame ; shrapnel fly as pierce and he man take cover . ext . the pearl - ground level - night the crowd react to the explosion near the top of the Pearl . int . emergency ops trailer - same Chan and he team watch the explosion on they monitor . Lieutenant han hold out a phone ... lieutenant han Sir ... captain chan not now . lieutenant han it 's the Chief executive . the air suck out of the room . Captain Chan take the phone ... captain chan good evening , you honor . int . the pearl - penthouse hangar - night pierce spot Zhao disappear in he private elevator . he shout at he man as he hurry toward the stairwell door , slamm through it , racing to cut off Zhao 's escape . int . the pearl - penthouse floor - moment later the elevator open and Zhao bolt for he penthouse door , slapping he hand on the palm reader . click -- the heavy door open just as pierce barrel through the adjacent stairwell door , gun blaze -- bang -bang -bang ! ( continued ) 75 . continued : Zhao slip through the narrow open -- as pierce 's round spark and ping off the door . Zhao slam the emergency close button . the titanium door shut on pierce 's face , lock he out . behind the titanium door Zhao breathes hard -- shake . he reach into he suit and pull out the red memory card , stare at it in relief . int . the pearl - penthouse elevator - same pierce curse he luck . his remain five man arrive . furious , pierce snatch a radio mic off of one of they . pierce open the penthouse door ! ext . STREET cafe - night xia sit at a street cafe a block from the Pearl touch she ear . [ intercut as necessary ] xia standby . she open will 's laptop , log into the Pearl 's control system . she select the penthouse but can not affect it -- she 's lock out of its control . not good . xia ( cont would ) the penthouse be not link to the building 's control system . he 's get he own subsystem for he floor . I can not drive it -- I be lock out . pierce fume , then double down . pierce kill the power to the upper half . cell tower too . all of it . go dark . with a few clever keystroke xia cut the power to the top half of the Pearl and disable its internal cell tower . ext . the pearl - ground level - night the gather crowd oohs & aah as suddenly the top half of the Pearl go out like a Christmas Tree get unplugge . 76 . int . the pearl - penthouse - same Zhao 's penthouse be throw into darkness . emergency light chunk on . he pull out he cellphone : no signal . int . the pearl - penthouse floor - same stand at the titanium door , pierce look at he team ... feng how do we get in ? pierce we can not . but I know someone who can . and he happen to be in the building . feng the american ? but we do not know where he be . pierce we do not have to know where he be -- we know what he want . all we need to do be get to they first . int . the pearl - pangu park - night Sarah and the kid kneel by the stream in the park . Georgia , still sport a soile Panda hoodie , re-wet they towel in the ersatz lake . Henry cough from smoke inhalation -- a asthma attack take hold . sarah it 's okay , baby . just slow down . slow down and breathe . in for three , out for three . Sarah give he two hit from the inhaler and help Henry calm he breathe , try to get he attack under control . the muffled roar of the uncheck blaze growls from below , a leviathan rise . Sarah 's worried . sarah ( cont would ) okay , we gotta go . georgia why ? there 's water here . ( continued ) 77 . continued : sarah it 's not safe . henry how do you know -- boom ! -- a FIRE door on the far end of the park rocket off its hinge as flame reach through the new open . sarah run ! Sarah hustle she kid through the park as from all angle the fire begin to claw its way into the floor . Fire break through the seam in the sod -- zig - zagging through the grass like snake , chase Sarah and the kid . they rush for a stairwell door just as it explode like a pipe bomb . they duck as the door whizhes overhead shearing through a metal lamppost behind they . Sarah grab she kid and yank they in the other direction , push they toward they only escape : the inner atrium . Henry struggle . Sarah pick he up , carry she son , as the trio rush across the sky bridge , a narrow footbridge with a glass canopy that span the diameter of the inner atrium . from above , we watch as Sarah and the kid race across the sky bridge ; the world below they fill with ash and fire , glow like the mouth of a volcano . on the far side of the bridge they find respite -- this part of the park have not be consume by fire yet . Sarah put Henry down , spot another stairwell door on the opposite wall . she 's about to make for it when , suddenly , it open revealing feng . the guy do not miss a beat -- he smile warmly ... feng hey ! we have be look everywhere for you guy . Sarah exhales -- relieved . then Feng speak into he mic ... ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) feng ( cont would ) get them . they be in the park . something about he tone catch Sarah , she do not like it . henry Mom -- be that a fireman ? sarah I do not know , honey . ( call out ) who be you ? feng Building security . we meet earlier , remember ? Feng continue walk , close the gap between they as Sarah subtly move in front of she child . feng ( cont would ) you need to come with we now -- the building 's not safe , we be evacuate . Feng reach for Sarah , she step back . sarah I want to see you id . feng miss -- please . we do not have time . sarah you work for the building -- id . Feng 's jaw tighten . feng Fine . you get it . he reach to he belt and pull out he h&k combat pistol . feng ( cont would ) let 's go , bitch . Sarah 's face fall . Feng grab she , spin she and wrapping a big forearm around she neck . feng ( cont would ) kid too . Henry and Georgia start to tear up ... ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 3 ) sarah it 's okay -- it 's okay , guy . just do what he say . surreptitiously , Sarah slide she hand into she front pant 's pocket , pull out the pair of chrome scissor . feng listen to you mommy ki--ahhh ! Sarah stab Feng in the upper thigh -- he cry out -- and flip he over she shoulder in a slick judo move . sarah run ! Henry and Georgia take off run back across the sky bridge , as Sarah dive for Feng 's h&k , snatching it up and turn back just in time to take a boot to the mouth . Sarah go sprawling as Feng rise , yanking the scissors from he leg and toss they aside . he pick up he pistol but tuck it away and pull out a tactical knife , spin it menacingly -- he 's gonna do this old school . Sarah get to she foot , unarm and out - muscle . easy prey in front of he , Feng attack . but Sarah be more than he bargain for as she side -step he swing , block he knife arm expertly before kick he knee out . Feng go down hard , howling . Sarah turn and take off run back across the sky bridge . in the park holding hand , Henry and Georgia find themselves in the middle of a legitimate forest fire . in all the smoke and madness , they get turn around quickly -- burn tree everywhere . Henry start cough harshly , let go of he sister 's hand . and that 's when a massive piece of ceiling collapse . Henry and Georgia dive out of the way just as the section smashes between they through up smoke and fire . like a pilot in the fog , Henry get turn around -- he can not see Georgia any more . he call out for she . nothing . unsure , he pick a direction and head that way , call out for he sister . down a walk path ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 4 ) Henry come toward we , cough madly and call out for Georgia . he double over at a park bench , try to catch he breath . he 's alone and terrify . and that 's when he spot Sarah run across the bridge toward he . henry Mom ! Henry take off run toward she . on the sky bridge Sarah race toward the far end when suddenly a burning tree from the park fall , crash through the Inner atrium glass wall and slicing through the sky bridge in one clean stroke . a hail of hot ember explode as the end of the bridge drop at a sharp angle , nearly take Sarah with it . she turn back to see Feng hobbling toward she . he tuck away he knife and pull he h&k . no more game . she 's trap . Sarah take a step back , she heel dance on the edge of the break bridge and a fall to she death . feng I be not suppose to kill you -- but I do not give a shit anymore . he 's about to pull the trigger when suddenly he face go slack . then blood cascade down he chin and he face - plant to reveal a fireman be ax in he back and will stand there , ten foot behind he , have hurl the blade . Sarah rush to he , they embrace . will be you okay ? sarah I be fine -- how do you get here ? will tell you later -- we gotta get the kid . sarah they be back in the park . will nod break into action -- he dislodge he ax and go to snag Feng 's gun when ... ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 5 ) bbbraaaat ! gunfire rain down on the glass canopy of the sky bridge , shatter it . two of pierce 's men three floor up unload . will grab Sarah 's hand as they take off toward the open end of the bridge through the maelstrom , exite : into the far side of the park which have itself begin to burn . will and Sarah hug the curve of the inner atrium wall , circle around counter - clockwise back toward the block end of the sky bridge ... henry Mom ! dad ! there 's Henry -- he be circle around clockwise toward they . will and Sarah kneel down , hugging they son . sarah where 's Georgia ? henry I do not know ! we get split up -- she 's back in the park somewhere . will and Sarah share a look -- they know how grave that be . will I will find she . we gotta get you guy outta here first -- they be come down for we . sarah will -- what the hell be go on ? who be they ? will I do not know yet . the only thing that matter to I right now be get you out of here . will 's eye land on a nearby Inner atrium Elevator . will ( cont would ) come on . int . the pearl - pangu park - same lose and frighten , Georgia move through the park . ( continued ) 82 . continued : she call out for she mother and brother but , with the roar of the fire , she cry be quickly swallow up . she spot a glass staircase cut into the exterior window wall of the building itself -- a tourist attraction feature . boom ! a fiery sinkhole suddenly open up in front of Georgia , the ground beneath she foot erode . she back pedal from its lip and bolt for the glass staircase . just as she disappear , we land on the two gunmen we last see shoot at the skyway bridge . they spot Georgia . gunman # 1 ( into mic ) we get the girl . he nod to he buddy , they move for the stair . int . the pearl - inner atrium elevator - moment later Sarah and Henry be in the car , will stand outside it . sarah I be not do this -- will Henry can not stay in this building -- there 's too much smoke . you know that . whoever that guy be , they be serious . the only safe place for you both be on the ground . will find a wall panel and cleave it open with he ax revealing a complex array of cable and wiring . he dig through the cabling as he talk ... will ( cont would ) this elevator be mag-lev -- they work on electromagnetic induction . but in the event of a power failure , they be hold in place by a hydraulic fail - safe brake . ( beat ) the power 's out from the midpoint of the building on up -- but it 's still on below the fire line . once I cut the hydraulic cable , you will fall . sarah will -- ( continued ) continued : 83 . will listen to I -- you will fall through the fire and hit electricity again -- the magnet will kick back on and stop you . you will be travel too fast for the flame to matter . trust I . sarah I be not leave you -- will you be not leave I , you be save Henry . ( beat ) it 's almost 1,000 foot from here to the fire line . that will take you about nine second . Count to ten and then pull this emergency stop handle -- okay ? sarah what about Georgia ? will I will find she . I promise . it 's a solemn vow . and Sarah know it 's the only way . she kiss he . sarah I love you . will I love you too . will hug Henry . will ( cont would ) I need you to be strong buddy -- take care of Mom , okay ? can you do that for I ? henry yes . will good . it 's gonna be scary , but you will be fine . just hold on and count backwards from ten , okay ? Henry hit he inhaler and nod . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) henry okay . will daddy love who ? henry me. will that 's right . will hug he boy , kissing he forehead . will ( cont would ) step back . they move back into the elevator , sit down on the floor . will line up he ax blade on a thick yellow hydraulic cable . will and Sarah lock eye -- a look of love and strength between they . then will step into a home run swing -- thwack !-- a clean cut . instantly the car plummet -- Sarah 's scream doppler away as they disappear in a blink . int . the pearl - inner atrium - same the elevator roar past we at 170 mph -- a complete , stomach - drop , free fall . in the elevator warning alarm blare as Sarah hold Henry in a bear hug on the elevator floor -- the world come apart around they . they count backwards together : ten ...nine ... eight ... the carriage shake and shudder as a staccato of light strobe the glass car -- fire then smoke , then fire again . a descent into Hell itself . seven...six ...five ... the elevator glass shatter from the unbridle G - Force . four ...three ... the centripetal force pin she , Sarah reach for the red emergency handle , finger dance across it but not quite ... sarah - two ...one ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : she yank the handle . nothing happen . they keep fall . Sarah yank the handle again -- then a loud chunking noise as she 's slam to the floor , a shower of SPARKS explode all around the car . finally the carriage choke to a stop . Sarah look at Henry -- the boy smile . they make it . int . the pearl - 360 restaurant - night with its kitchen a concentric circle around the inner atrium , this fancy - ass restaurant offer up stun 360 ° view of the Hong Kong skyline . the priciest meal in town . what 's more , the floor itself be comprise of glass panel , offer up view of the park below . with the fire raging uncheck , the set be light with a unearthly orange glow . we find Georgia stand in the middle of the space , breathe hard . panic set in . she hear a noise and spin to see the two gunmen rush up from the stair . instinctively , Georgia duck -- hide a split second before the man arrive on the scene . the gunmen scan the restaurant . they know she 's here . gunman # 1 motion to he partner , they split apart , stalking through the michelin-rate finery . gunman # 1 it 's okay -- we be the good guy . you can come out now , you be safe . georgia , hide under a table , be anything but convinced . she spot a steak knife on the set above she . she sneak she finger up to snag it -- she hand disappear just as gunman # 2's eye sweep that exact spot . the gunmen close in on she location , toss over table as they go . closer and closer to she hide spot . tension squeeze we like a vice as gunman # 2 stop in front of Georgia 's table . under the table Georgia dare not breathe . she clutches she steak knife and spy gunman # 2 's foot right in front of she . the young girl screw up she courage and drive the knife home . ( continued ) 86 . continued : gunman # 2 roar . Georgia bolt from cover . gunman # 2 fire -- but he pain shot be wild , lighting up glassware and cutlery all around Georgia as she dive behind the circular kitchen wall against the inner atrium . int . the pearl - pangu park - same will , search feverishly in the fire , hear the gun shot from above . he spot the glass staircase and break for it . int . the pearl - 360 restaurant - same gunman # 1 grab gunman # 2 's carbine , jerk it aside . gunman # 1 we need she alive ! she 's the bait . gunman # 2 she fuckin ' stab I ! gunman # 1 get over it . he motion and the pair split up again -- each take opposite entry point into the circular kitchen area where Georgia crawl on all four , stay low . she open a low stainless steel cabinet and crawl inside , shutting it . the hunter stalk they prey slowly , open each cabinet as they go -- it 's only a matter of time . in the small darkness , Georgia begin to cry , terrify . gunman # 2 throw open Georgia 's cabinet , revealing she . gunman # 2 found you , you little shit . you be gonna pay for what you -- wham ! out of nowhere , will freight train he , send gunman # 2 smash he against the inner atrium glass . will ( to Georgia ) go! she do as will turn he focus to gunman # 2 who fire at point blank range . ( continued ) 87 . continued : but will side - step the shot , grab the muzzle and stitching the atrium glass panel with they before kick gunman # 2 in the back , send he through the panel and down to the first floor the hard way . will pivot just as gunman # 1 open fire on he . will duck as pot and pan dance and pinwheel overhead . gunman # 1 go dry and reload allow will to grab a cast iron skillet and , use it like a medieval shield , charge . caught between reload , gunman # 1 jerk he sidearm and unload into the iron plate , but will be already on top of he -- the beat down be merciless . will 's about to end it when he hear ... pierce ( 0.s. ) enough ! will turn to see pierce stand there , hold Georgia , a pistol to she head . all the fight go out of he . for a moment , will 's confuse -- the last time he see pierce be in Zhao 's penthouse boardroom . quickly though , will put together the double-cross . his eye narrow . then he look to he frighten daughter and reassure she ... will it 's gonna be okay , honey . the gangster get to he foot and drive the stock of he weapon viciously into will 's gut , drop the big man to he knee -- will never take he eye off Georgia . int . emergency ops trailer - night Captain Chan move down the length of the trailer , head for the door , flanke by Lieutenant han ... lieutenant han the night Tigers be military -- counter - terror . captain chan I be aware of that , Lieutenant . lieutenant han but this be not a act of terrorism . ( continued ) 88 . continued : captain chan that 's not how the he honor see it . he see a expertly - train foreign national , want for murder , on the loose inside that building prepare to do god-know - what . he 's not go to take any chance . lieutenant han and you agree with he ? captain chan it do not matter if I agree with he . it 's happen . Chan exit ... ext . emergency ops trailer - continuous ... Lieutenant han follow . lieutenant han Captain ... captain chan there 's nothing I can do . we have get thirty minute to resolve this scenario or it become a military operation and we be on the sideline . so unless someone can tell I something different be go on inside of that building , they be gonna use a broadsword on it . then : officer ( 0.s. ) Sir ... Chan turn to see : a officer stand there with sarah and henry , dirty , blankete , but alive . int . the pearl - penthouse floor - night pierce hold Georgia at gunpoint . the young girl whimper and shake , tear roll down she face , scared for she life . flanke by pierce 's three remain man , will be on he knee , he hand zip -ty behind he . will do he best to console he daughter ... ( continued ) 89 . continued : will honey -- look at I . look at my eye . everything 's go to be alright . I promise . you hear I ? panicked , Georgia can only nod she head yes . will ( cont would ) I love you , sweetheart . georgia ( shaking ) I love you too , daddy . pierce I be afraid I be go to have to interrupt . will glare . if a look could kill , pierce would be toe-up . will the dead man in Horace 's bathtub -- Singh -- that be you ? pierce no -- that be you pal . that 's the nice thing about deal with degenerate gambler , they will do anything to pay a debt . even sell out they dearest friend . now -- you still have not answer my question . will I already tell you : the only way that door open be if Zhao open it from he side or if this floor 's fire alarm triggers it -- but that can not happen because you guy take the entire system offline . you understand ? it can not be do . pierce nonsense . anything can be do with the proper motivation . so let I help . you be gonna get in there and you be gonna bring Zhao , and what he 's hold , to I or I be gonna throw you daughter off the fuck roof . pierce grab Georgia 's arm , shaking she sharply . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) pierce ( cont would ) I hear it 's like heaven up there . georgia daddy ! will lunge to he foot , charge at pierce . one of pierce 's men crack he on the skull , send he to the floor . will cough and writhes , he eye water . pierce shove Georgia to one of he man , then he move over to will , kneel down to cut he zip tie hand , smirk as he do . pierce tick-tock ... pierce grab Georgia by the hair and yank she toward the stairwell exit door . the girl yell for she father -- will reach out for Georgia from the ground , a futile gesture . pierce and he man disappear through the stairwell exit . his daughter 's cry cut short as the door seal shut . will get to he foot , shaking out the cobweb . he move to the stairwell door , try it with no luck -- it 's lock . he start pace , mutter to himself , he mind racing ... will come on , will ... think ... think ... will move to a exterior - face twenty - foot wide panoramic window , its curtain draw back like a elegant movie house to reveal the skyline and fire raging five floor below . he spot a in - wall FIRE alarm BOX -- its digital display flash : offline . will pull the handle a couple time , nothing . he 's fuck . will try to pry the Fire alarm box off the wall , to get at its innard , but without any luck . it 's on there tight . it 's then that will spot something on the other side of the panoramic window ... will ( cont would ) hello , beautiful . sitting directly opposite the fire alarm , on the exterior of the building , be its control BOX rest there on the expose fascia . he spot a metal trash can and pick it up . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) will slam the trash can against the panoramic window -- clang ! nothing . a chip maybe . will try again , no luck . will ( cont would ) damn it . will move down the panoramic window , away from the FIRE alarm until he come to the window 's end . he stop at a adjacent panel of glass , just as tall but only about four - foot wide -- a easier target . will press on it with he hand , judge its thickness . know now what it take now , will back up and then charge : use the trash can like a batter ram -- wham ! instantly the whole section shatter into a million piece and will 's momentum carry he through the open ! he let go of the trash can , barely manage to grab hold of the window transom to keep from fall through completely . will gather himself and scan the penthouse level . his eye land on a bronze statue of a chinese warrior rest on a four- foot marble pedestal . he shoulder the pedestal send the statue crash . the warrior 's hand break free and in it a six - inch short-sword ( " dao " ) . will pick up the thin blade -- it will do . he look at the curtain hang to one side of the panoramic window . he yank they down , quickly find the braid cord that the mechanism use to retract they . will loop the cord around he elbow like a length of rope . finish , will know he 's still miss one more thing . he reach for he belt and hold up the duct tape . CUT to : will hand wrap like a boxer 's before a bout but with duct tape , sticky side out . will finish the last strip and test he new hand adhesion by place he palm together . CUT to : the marble pedestal lie on its side at the foot of the shattered window panel . one end of the curtain rope be tie around its the pedestal , the other end will lash around he waist , knotting it . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 4 ) we see that will have also duct tape he foot . he check the stickiness of one , talk to himself ... will ( cont would ) can never be too careful when you be do something this stupid . stand at the open window , the wind howling madly , nothing but a three - thousand foot fall and certain death below he , will steady himself ... will ( cont would ) kid , do not try this at home ... ... and then he step out , pivote around the window transom . but he first step be a poorly place one and will stumble , nearly fall . he clutch the transom and pull himself back in -- he life flash before he eye . will let out a little laugh -- nerve get the better of he . two steadying breath and will give it another go . he pivot out step onto the six - inch ledge that run along the base of the panoramic window . will press he body as close as he can to the glass -- he duct tape hand stick nicely to the window . slide step by slide step , will cross the twenty - foot wide section of glass , eyeing the control BOX on the far side . below he , the fire rage -- climb ever-closer . int . emergency ops trailer - night be tend to by a emt , Henry breath through a oxygen mask as nearby Sarah sketches something for Chan . sarah it look like this ... Sarah flip around a clipboard to reveal a crude facsimile of the Black Lotus triad tattoo . Chan and han share a know look . captain chan and how many of they do you say you see ? sarah six . ( continued ) 93 . continued : captain chan do you have any idea what they be do up there ? why they be do this ? sarah no . lieutenant han and you claim you husband be not involved ? sarah I do not claim that -- I be tell you that . he 's not involved . Lieutenant han pull he boss away for a aside , speak in cantonese . lieutenant han Captain -- this do not pass the smell test . none of it do . if the Black Lotus be there to get something -- to steal something -- why light the building on fire ? and if they be try to cover they track -- fine -- but why trap yourself above the fire line and then destroy you only mean of escape ? it do not make any sense . a sudden realization hit Sarah . she cut in in cantonese , surprising the officer . sarah that 's not they only mean of escape . lieutenant han really ? then how be they plan to get out ? sarah they be gonna jump . lieutenant han Excuse I ? sarah they be gonna jump off the top . when I see they that first time , they have container with they mark in Russian . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) Sarah grab a computer terminal . type in the word for parachute then hit translate to Russian . tiapamot pop up . she point at it . sarah ( cont would ) that 's the word I see on the container they have . Sarah move to a wall map of hong kong , scan it . sarah ( cont would ) ( to han ) gimme you pen . the lieutenant hesitates , look to Chan for the okay . captain chan give she you pen ... he oblige and Sarah snag it , check its length against the map 's scale legend . she mark a X on the map . sarah the Pearl be here . ( beat ) a base jump from a thousand meter up give you about triple that in lateral descent distance -- call ita mile to be safe , two pen length . lieutenant han how do you know that ? she turn she phone 's screen to they and shrug ... sarah I google it . the Captain shoot he Lieutenant a look : she get you there . Sarah measure out two pen length from the X in all four direction , then connect the point with a crude circle . sarah ( cont would ) that 's you search area . if they land , they will land within that circle -- and if they have friend , they will be wait to pick they up at the landing zone . someplace flat and open . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 3 ) impress , Captain Chan move closer to the map ... Sarah point captain chan and secluded . ( scan the map ) they will not go for Victoria Park -- too obvious and too many tree to get hang up on . South , but you would never clear the peak . West , maybe , but it 's a longer haul to a open spot . risky . sarah there . what 's that -- on the other side of the harbor ? the Kowloon side . to a brown rectangle in the water . lieutenant han that 's nothing . it 's a construction sand barge -- bay dredge . Sarah give Chan a look . he 's think . lieutenant han ( cont would ) Captain , you can not seriously be consider this . for all we know , she 's in on it . sarah you think I would willingly trap my own child in a burn building ? lieutenant han I think you could be play a role . you could be a distraction to allow you husband to escape . this could all be part of he plan . Sarah can not believe this guy . she turn to Chan ... sarah Captain , I know you wanna get this right and the last thing you want to do be to point you gun at the wrong guy . ( beat ) take I out to the sand barge . if it 's empty and I be wrong , what have you lose ? but if I be right , it might be you only chance to catch the man responsible for this whole thing . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 4 ) Captain Chan consider this . he 's about to respond when suddenly there 's a rumbling from the crowd outside . something 's go on . Chan break for the trailer 's exit door , follow by Lieutenant han and Sarah . ext . emergency ops trailer - continuous the trio come to a stop just outside the trailer . they stare at the hd billboard , stunne . on screen , we see long - lens news footage of will inching across the panoramic window , nearly a mile above they . they turn from the giant video screen and look up with they own eye to see will 's ant - like form , cling to the side of the building -- a insane act . the act of a desperate man . sarah Captain , do that look like someone with a plan to you ? Chan glance at Sarah -- he wheel turn . ext . the pearl - panoramic window - night 220 storey above the earth , will press himself against the glass , inch from he goal . one more step . will make the step -- boom !-- a glass panel on the floor below he explode like a car bomb . will lunge for the control box , clutching it to keep from fall . two more explosion rock the tower from below . will find foot around the box . he reach into he waistband and pull out the statue 's sword , wedge it into the seam of the box , pry at it . with a crack , it pop open and will go to work on the wiring . he find what he 's look for -- a gold wire . use the statue sword , will strip the wire , cut another one , and hot-wire they together . a GREEN light on the conduit panel turn off and a red light start flashing . the FIRE alarm BOX on the other side of the panoramic window flash the word : FIRE -fire-fire . 97 . int . the pearl - penthouse foyer - same the control panel next to the penthouse door flash the same : FIRE -fire -fire . with a heavy metal chunk , the titanium door unlock and slowly start to swing OPEN . int . the pearl - penthouse bedroom - same the panel by Zhao 's bed blink : FIRE -fire -fire . Zhao pull open he nightstand drawer snatch up a palm - size beretta nano -- a executive 's gun mean to be conceal . Zhao exit . int . the pearl - penthouse foyer - moment later Zhao round the corner to see the front door to he penthouse wide open . he move to the nearest control panel and try to shut the door , but the programming will not allow it -- the fire alarm override he control . think fast , Zhao pull he smartphone out of he pocket , snag a nearby usb cable and plug he phone directly into the panel itself . he start thumbing away like mad . ext . the pearl - panoramic window - night will let go of the control box and begin to make he way back across the panoramic window , slide step by sli -- boom ! a deafening explosion rattles the world . will fall . everything go topsy - turvy as we plummet . suddenly , we be jerk to stop as will 's secure rope snap teach . that 's the good news . the bad news be that the sudden force of the fall have cause will 's secure rope to slip down he body -- come to a snug cinch point around the ankle of will 's prosthetic leg . Fire raging around he , will dangle upside down by he ankle , a mile up , like a rabbit catch in a rope snare . the marble pedestal be yank against the window frame at a poor angle , wedge itself against the transom in anything but a secure fashion . ( continued ) 98 . continued : swing upside down , will get he bearing . he try to curl he body up toward the rope -- like a hang sit - up -- but the add strain of the move cause he prosthetic sleeve to loosen -- will be leg be slipping out of it . will fall back , dangle by a leg that 's come loose . like a car teeter on the edge of a cliff , any movement from will might cause he leg to come undone completely . the earth a postage stamp below he , will steady himself , become as still as possible , barely dare to breathe . will know he 's go to have one shot at this . he gather he courage and make one sharp move . with a grunt , he break into action use he free leg to kick off the face of the building while throw he hand toward he toe , propelling himself upward with such force that he residual limb pop out of the prosthesis . for a blink , will be in complete free fall -- no rope , no leg -- but he hand snag hold of the carbon fiber femur at the last possible second . a strange sight indeed : a one -legge man , cling to a metal leg , attach to a rope , 3,000 foot in the air . will start pull with everything he 's get . a dead - hang rope climb . the weight of this undulate action cause the marble pedestal to strain against the window transom , inching closer and closer to dislodge completely . will free-climb for all he 's worth , hand - over -hand , a man of undy determination : he arm burn , but he eye focus on the open window ledge ten foot above he . int . the pearl - penthouse foyer - night at the control panel for the door , Zhao have use he smartphone to hack bypass the fire alarm function and he instruct the door to reset . Zhao jab the " secure door " button the panel and watch as the titanium goliath lurch toward each other . Zhao take cover behind a low cabinet , check he mini- beretta , ready to plug anyone who come through the door . 99 . ext . the pearl - penthouse floor - night will 's forearm slap over the marble pedestal . he pull himself up and over the final hurdle . exhausted , will collapse . but only for a moment as he suddenly see the penthouse door close -- he 's only get second before they shut again , sealing he out for good . leap into action , will start pull up the rope , he prosthesis dangle on the other end like fish on a hook . just then , another explosion from below rock the penthouse floor cause the marble pedestal to break free and plummet through the window like a anchor . the cord rip through will 's duct - tape hand , smoking they as will 's prosthesis whip back to he like a boomerang . will clutches he leg as it 's be pull from he grip by the four-hundred pound pedestal on other end of the rope . will glance back at the penthouse door -- they be almost close now : he 's gotta make a choice he leg or the door . but will make a third play : he pull the statue 's sword from he waistband and cut the rope with one downward hack . the rope whip through the window open as will tumble back , he prosthetic leg in he hand . will jam he leg into the prosthetic sleeve and spin to see the penthouse door a foot from sealing shut . will bolt for they , diving into a head - first slide on he side -- like a car up on two wheel -- and narrowly skim through the open . he make it . only , he do not . will 's prosthetic ankle be catch in the door like a bear trap . will tug on it with both hand , it will not budge . with one final pull , will yank he leg through the door , which quickly seal shut behind he , tumble back into a heap on the foyer . then : zhao ( 0.s. ) do not move . will look up to see Zhao point he tiny beretta a foot from will 's nose . will 's shoulder slump at he luck . ( continued ) 100 . continued : will you be too close . what a odd thing to say . Zhao do not follow ... zhao what ? will you be ... whack ! with cat - like quickness , will slap the beretta out of the inexperienced billionaire 's hand as he yank Zhao 's wrist downward and simultaneously sweep he leg , drop he to the polished floor -- a slick - ass take down . will ( cont would ) ... too close . will pounce on he , drive the point of he good knee between Zhao 's shoulder - blade , pin he there . will ( cont would ) we need to talk . CUT to : a SMALL man in a sharp suit . Tan , salt & pepper hair . bushy eyebrow . cap tooth . a chinese Martin scorsese . this be wu - sai jun , kingpin and crime lord of Hong Kong . he smile at we . wu - sai jun I know this be difficult . we're ... int . gangster' office - night opulent , dark . the de of a powerful man . Zhao sit opposite jun . xia sprawl on a nearby chaise as Feng loom in view . behind jun , the most strike feature : a wall comprise of glass terrarium , each contain a solitary snake . wu - sai jun for a man like you , this must come with some discomfort . ( more ) ( continued ) 101 . continued : wu - sai jun ( cont would ) but you can take solace in the fact that it 's all for a great good . the glory of the Middle Kingdom . zhao forgive I , but I do not see how extortion glorify China . wu - sai jun this be not extortion , Mr. Zhao , this be business . zhao and if I refuse ? wu- sai jun smile . this man might take more convincing . he rise from this seat move toward the back wall of snake . wu - sai jun there be ten snake in the world to which there exist no know antivenom . ( be : the terrarium wall ) I have make a home here for each one . jun slide out one particular terrarium from the wall like a drawer in a bureau . the black & blue stripe snake inside it coil , ready to strike . wu - sai jun ( cont would ) the snake handler of burma practice a ancient art call mithridatism . he open the top of glass box . the snake hiss , a warning . wu- sai jun ( cont would ) they believe that by ingest small amount of a snake 's poison over time , they would become one with the animal , rendering its venom harmless . jun roll up he sleeve , revealing he black lotus triad tattoo . he place he arm in the terrarium , hold it there in front of the hiss reptile but never take he eye from Zhao . wu- sai jun ( cont would ) the Blue krait 's venom have be use for century by indigenous malaysian tribe to hunt big game . it 's say a single bite can stop a elephant 's heart in under ninety second . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) suddenly jun throw he finger out , splaying they in a sharp motion that cause the snake to strike -- bite jun on he forearm , just under he tattoo . the gangster wince but do not waver -- watch Zhao the entire time . the snake recoil . jun lift he arm out of the terrarium and observe two trickle of blood run down he forearm . pointedly , he lick the blood from he arm and then , gentile as you please , roll he shirt sleeve back , buttone it . wu- sai jun ( cont would ) I know this arrangement may seem poisonous to you now but , over time , once you have complete you building , I promise you : you will not feel a thing . Zhao look pain . a moment , then ... zhao give I the account number . jun nod to xia . she slide over a piece of paper with a lengthy number on it . Zhao take it and enter the info into he phone . by the look of thing , he 's transfer $ 50 million from he account into a different one . he hit transfer . his phone chime : complete . zhao ( cont would ) be we do ? jun give we a reptilian smile . wu - sai jun good luck with construction . Zhao stand , straighten he jacket and exit . will ( pre - lap ) you pay they off ? int . the pearl - penthouse live room - night Zhao sit on a couch as will loom above he . zhao if I do not , they would have crippled my labor force and cost I triple that amount in construction delay . ( continued ) continued : 103 . will so you cave . but if he get what he want , why 's he do all this ? zhao I do not cave . I could never let the Pearl become corrupt by the like of wu- sai jun . ( beat ) as soon as he accept my payment , he chop it up , disperse it to all of he other off - shore account in smaller increment . will he launder it . zhao essentially , yes . but what he do not know be that I hide a trojan horse in my wire transfer -- a digital dye pack that infect every account any portion of my payment touch , feed the rout and account information back to I . Zhao hold up the red memory card . zhao ( cont would ) this card contain the account information for every single dollar wu- sai jun and the Black Lotus triad have . over half a billion dollar in illicit money in thirty - six separate hold bank around the globe . ( beat ) I hand this over to the chinese government and they can freeze all of he asset -- destroy he entire operation and send he to prison for the rest of he life . ( beat ) this card be they operation . and they will stop at nothing to get it back . will follow the money . zhao indeed . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) will then why do not you turn it over to the authority ? be do with it . zhao if I do that , Wu - sai jun would have no reason not to kill I . I would be signing my own death warrant . ( beat ) as long as I hold onto this , we have detente . they have to leave I alone and let I build the Pearl without interference . will but how do get that particular card help they -- you must have make copy . zhao I do , of course . but this be the original . with it , they can reverse engineer my trojan horse payment and scrub they account clean again -- no digital dye , no way for the authority to trace the money and find they secret account . if they get they hand on this , all of my other copy would be worthless . ( beat ) besides , they plan be not to let I live . they plan be to get they hand on this and the moment they do , I be a dead man . will pace , put it all together now ... will stand . will so they light the building on fire because they know you would grab the most valuable thing in the world to you and flee -- just like anyone would . zhao no one could get it out of my safe except for I . they just need to give I a good reason . zhao ( cont would ) where be you go ? ( continued ) continued : Zhao will wall . Zhao 105 . ( 3 ) will we be gonna give they what they come here for . zhao do not you hear I ? as soon as they have it , they will kill I . they will kill we both . will maybe . but they have my daughter and that 's all that matter to I . zhao I be not eager to die . will in ten minute this entire floor be gonna be on fire , so the way I see it , you can either stay here and die or come with I and have a chance to live . weigh the offer , he know will be not wrong . zhao what 's you plan ? glance at the ceremonial chinese sword mount on the he turn back to Zhao . will you get any duct tape ? eye the american suspiciously . ext . the pearl - night the tallest building in the world burn . in epic grand finale fashion , we circle the building landing on : the glass observation deck the light from the flame below dance off of its facet , make it sparkle against the skyline like a black diamond . int . the pearl - observation deck - same pierce and he three men wait inside the canopied glass , each strapped into a sleek , low - profile , parachute pack . ( continued ) 106 . continued : Georgia , she Panda hoodie dirt -stain , sit on the ground , eye red from cry . suddenly , she see something ... georgia daddy ! pierce and he man turn to see will push Zhao forward like a prisoner , he wrist duct tape together in front of he . pierce grab Georgia roughly , yanking the girl to she foot as he man fan out . will and Zhao stop twenty foot from they . pierce see ? I know you would find a way . pierce nod at he biggest guy . pierce ( cont would ) check them . the big man move to will and start patting he down . he get to will 's leg -- feel something funny . will pull up he pant-leg to reveal he metal prosthesis . will shrug . the Big man move on to Zhao , patting he down as the billionaire lift he duct - tape hand above he head . big man they be clean . the Big man return to he post . pierce nod he approval . pierce smart . will hold up the red memory card . will here it be . now let she go . pierce go to you daddy , sweetheart . Georgia start for will , but pierce stop she short -- grab she by the hoodie , toy with will . pierce ( cont would ) you know -- on second think -- I would like to have that memory card first . ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) will 's about to toss it to he when suddenly zhao lift he duct tape wrist , revealing that he's be palming he beretta nano -- hide it beneath the silvery tape . zhao I can not let you do it . will blanch . Zhao have double cross he . pierce and he man lift they weapon as Zhao snatch the memory card out of will 's hand and step behind he for cover . will what the hell be you do ? this be not the plan . zhao the plan 's change . ( to pierce ) I want a parachute . pierce grab Georgia , jam he gun against she cheek . zhao ( cont would ) I do not care about the girl -- a parachute or you boss get nothing . will 's jaw set -- the tension high . pierce calculate the angle , then turn to he bald goon . pierce give he you parachute . bald goon huh ? pierce give he you fuck parachute . pierce point he weapon at he subordinate . the bald goon hesitates , then pop the chest buckle on he chute and slip it off , hold it out . zhao bring it here . the bald goon check with pierce who nod : do it . baldy move closer , too close now . zhao ( cont would ) stop . Drop it there . the goon do as he 's bid . ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 3 ) zhao ( cont would ) step back . Zhao hold up the red memory card . zhao ( cont would ) here 's you card . with that , Zhao suddenly fling the memory card away like a mini-Frisbee . instinctively , everyone turn to watch it go . but not will -- he look at he daughter and yell : will run ! and she do . Georgia bolt as Zhao open fire . will reach into the side pocket of he right pant leg , take hold of something and pulling with all he might to reveal : the chinese sword which he'd duct tape to he metal leg . it shear through will 's pant leg with ease and he now hold a three - foot razor - sharp blade in he hand . in a flash , will lunge , drive it through the bald goon 's sternum as pierce and he man OPEN FIRE ! the entire observation deck erupt into a gunfight as everyone move to what cover they can find . it 's a gunfight in a glass house -- panel shatter , raining down shard leave and right , each new open ushere in a howling rush of wind like a airplane emergency door be throw open at 40000 foot . what 's more -- with the firelight from below , the entire space take on the eerie effect of a house of mirror . reflection dance in double and triple exposure as this life - and - death finale unfold in triplicate before we . amidst this maelstrom of glass and wind and gunfire we find : will wedge up behind some cover , he sword at the ready . out of the corner of he eye he spot the reflection of georgia tuck into a ball cover she ear . he have to get to she . just then , will see the big man rush toward he . will throw this sword -- it strike the Big man in the chest but , strangely , the Big man do not react -- instead he shatter into a thousand piece : a reflection . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 4 ) which mean : the big man be behind will . will spin just in time to knock the muzzle of the Big man 's sub - machine gun aside at it loose a rip of automatic fire . in a blink , the two be in a close - quarter grapple to the death . will quickly gain the upper-hand . the Big man see the table turn against he and drive he thumb into will 's shoulder wound . will cry out as the Big man headbutt he , drop will to the deck in a daze . the Big man pounce , wrapping he meaty forearm around will 's neck , put he in a deadly sleeper-hold . will 's second away from black out . he reach for the sword -- lie on the rooftop just out of he reach . the Big man jerk will away from it , place himself between will and the sword , he back to the shatter glass panel . big man nighty-night ... cur to : zhao trading shot with pierce . Zhao duck back down , reloading . pierce pull a grenade and toss it at Zhao . the grenade land perfectly . Zhao see it and dive from cover as it explode , expose he to pierce 's gun-site . pierce unload , clipping Zhao in the leg as the magnate scramble for safety . back to : will be choke out . his finger stumble numbly over the Big man 's face . the Big man almost smile -- it 's over . and that 's when will grab hold of the parachute's release handle . with he last remain strength , will pull it . the Big man 's parachute eject from he back -- quickly catch the rush wind and yanking he through the break glass panel like he be shot out of a cannon -- whoom ! the Big man 's scream be cut short when he head catch the window transom on the way out -- offer up a meaty thunk . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 5 ) will scan the rooftop for Georgia . but instead , he spot the red memory card lie on the ground out in the open . will rush for it , snatching it up and turn to break back for cover when he come face - to- face with the final goon . no word -- the goon fire at point blank range : bang ! but the goon 's gun do not go off . his torso jerk in three successive spasm , as he 's punch through by three shot , fall to reveal Zhao , clutching he gunshot leg . will you be a pretty good actor for a billionaire . zhao how do you think I get to be one ? clearly , Zhao 's " double - cross " be part of the plan . will hold up the memory card ... will found something for you . zhao great . now let 's get you daugh -- the area erupt into SPARKS as pierce have flanke they , unload he sub-machine gun on they . pierce go dry -- he curse he luck , ducking down . Zhao pitch forward onto will who pull he down to safety behind cover . will check Zhao 's wound -- he 's be gut - shot badly . blood pour from he mouth . not good . will hang on -- stay with I . Zhao shove he gun into will 's hand -- the first time he 's touch one in ten year . Zhao look he in the eye . zhao find she . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 6 ) will I be come back for you . will nod and move off . CUT to : will move through the observation deck , stalking -- look for Georgia , a hair trigger ready for pierce . then ... georgia ( 0.s. ) daddy ! will spin to see pierce hold he daughter out on the extended deck . the same place will stand when he first come up here . nothing below they foot but a thin piece of glass and a three - thousand foot fall . pierce hold a grenade in one hand and Georgia against he body -- make a crack shot difficult . the tableau be a haunt mirror of the farmhouse standoff that cost will so dearly . will be strike cold . pierce you shoot I , I drop this , she die . disarm . a pain moment . with no choice , will oblige -- crouching down to place he gun on the deck . but ... at the last moment , will fire ! but he do not fire at pierce -- he fire at the glass panel beneath he feet . the entire floor panel shatter -- pierce and georgia fall straight through it . will leap for the open -- diving through the hole , reach out with everything 's he 's get and , at the last possible second , he catch hold of georgia' hoodie . surprise and horror on he face , pierce fall away from we -- the grenade explode next he , obliterate the villain in mid-air . a grisly demise . will yank he daughter back through the open -- narrowly avoid the blast -- and up to the rooftop . she collapse on he chest . safe . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 7 ) will hold he daughter tight . she cling to he , shaking . georgia daddy , I wanna go home . will kiss the top of she head and exhales . will I too , honey . ext . sand barge - night the sand barge be little more than a dirt square , make from the dredge of the surround bay , dot with rusted out construction equipment . a forget place . surrounded by three black suv and a dozen armed men , wu- sai jun glass the top of the Pearl with binocular . xia stride up . xia he 's not answer . ( beat ) he should have be here already . wu- sai jun do not like it . his gangster 's intuition ringing alarm bell in he mind . wu - sai jun we be leave . he move for the suv when suddenly he see a pair of headlight racing down the access road toward they . the headlight split , revealing themselves to be six payr , not one -- Hong Kong PD . in the lead car Captain Chan ride shotgun , Lieutenant han at the wheel . Sarah , vested up , be in the back . captain chan get down and stay down . do not leave the car . understand ? Sarah oblige , scooching down low . wu - sai jun scream at he man to open fire -- and they do : unload on the approach cop with peel of automatic gunfire . ( continued ) 113 . continued : the cop broadside they car and hop out behind cover , trading shot with the gangster . the handwrite be on the wall as Chan drop two gangster with crack shot -- they have get the bad guy outnumber . jun squat behind a wheel - well , blindly fire . xia fire expertly , clipping a pair of cop -- but she see the situation be hopeless . one by one , the gangster drop they weapon and surrender . Wu - sai jun as well . the cop rush forward to take the bad guy into custody as xia sneak off into the darkness . xia slink through the junkyard , look for a escape . she spot captain chan's car unmanned and idling thirty meter away , apart from the round - up take place by the suv . this be she shot -- she hurry into the car hopping into the driver 's seat and reach for the gear shift when : sarah ( 0.s. ) hey . xia look back just in time to catch the heel of Sarah 's boot on the point of she chin -- crack ! the crisp violence of the kick knock xia out cold . the lady killer slump like a rag-doll onto the steering wheel -- the horn blare . a beat later , Chan throw open the passenger door to see the result . he look back at Sarah sit there . she put she hand up innocently ... sarah I never leave the car . Chan exhales , relieved . that 's when Sarah spot something slip out of xia 's bag ... sarah ( cont would ) that 's will 's laptop . Chan and Sarah share a look . she grab it , open it up . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 2 ) captain chan what be you do ? sarah try to get the Pearl 's fire system back online . Sarah nose through the building control app , try to get a sense of thing . captain chan do you know how to do that ? sarah not remotely . captain chan but you be good with computer ? sarah terrible . but the control program be still open and it seem pretty straightforward ... captain chan how ' bout we get that to someone who know what they be do . sarah Captain , my husband and daughter be in that building and it 's on fire right now . I be not wait another god damn second . so you can either arrest I or -- ding ! the computer chime . Sarah spin it to face Chan , show the Pearl entirely GREEN from top to bottom with a flash indicator : system online . sarah ( cont would ) -- you can say thank you . Sarah smile , Captain Chan shake he head at she moxie . ext . the pearl - observation deck - night the entire observation deck blaze like a house on fire . will place Georgia next to a injure and weak Zhao . will stay here . I will be right back . ( continued ) 115 . continued : georgia no ! do not go ! will I will be right back , I promise . will squeeze he daughter and move off through the smoke and fire search for the parachute which he spot rest on the deck , surround by fire . will 's about to make a move for it when suddenly there 's explosion from a nearby coolant tank . will shield he eye , turn back to see the parachute burn , melt and disfigure and smoking -- useless . the turn of event be gut -- engulf by fire , will and Georgia have no escape . will return to Georgia and kneel down next to she , pull she close ... will ( cont would ) daddy love who ? Georgia begin to cry ... georgia me. will who ? georgia me. will hold he daughter tight , protect she to the last . the flame rise around they , a funeral pyre a mile in the air . suddenly there 's a hissing SOUND . from all side , the Pearl 's anti-fire measure kick in , dousing the observation deck with flame - suppressing foam and co2 gas . will can not believe it . int . the pearl - various floors - night -- quick cut of FIRE system coming online on various floor , extinguish the remain flame with water and flame - suppressing foam . ( continued ) 116 . continued : the fire be rapidly quelle . Zhao 's building , once enable , be a formidable foe and ardent defender of its corpus . ext . the pearl - ground level - night the gathere crowd stare up at the Pearl , watch as floor by floor , the flash golden fire be put out . they begin to cheer , slowly at first , then wildly . ext . the pearl - skyline - dawn the first ray of a new day pierce the eastern sky , revealing the Pearl , smoking but stand tall . unbow . ext . the pearl - ground level - day the crowd have thin some now . suddenly a commotion be hear . people pull out they phone , a buzz zip through the gather as citizen begin to part revealing : will , georgia and zhao move away from the Pearl 's MAIN entrance door . will carry Georgia in one arm and support Zhao with the other . the trio collapse . will call out to the gawk crowd ... will call a ambulance ! suddenly a rush of police officer push through the crowd surround will , weapon draw . will put he hand up . will ( cont would ) no -- no -- this man , he need help ! but no one move . will implore they ... will ( cont would ) please ! will 's shoulder slump -- after all of this , he 's still see as a criminal . it 's almost more than he can bear . just then , a bark of chinese and the cop part to reveal Captain Chan stride up . a quick nod from Chan allow emt tech to pass by and rush to Zhao 's aid . ( continued ) 117 . continued : captain chan will Ford -- I have be die to meet you . will my wife and son ? be they okay ? be they alive ? captain chan ask they yourself . Chan swing out of the way to reveal : sarah and henry push through the throng , rush toward they ... georgia Mom ! Sarah drop to she knee to hug she daughter as will watch , emotion overwhelming he -- he family safe . will move to they , kneel down as the trio envelop he in they arm . overcome , tear begin to fall down will 's dirt - streak face . we hold on this familial embrace , rising up and then , as if by miracle , it begin to snow . tiny swirl flake that will not survive impact -- but it be snow all the same . from above we watch the snow fall as a tumult of people and paramedics and police eddy around the quartet . but will , Sarah , Henry and Georgia remain solid , together -- a rock amidst a rush stream . the moment be unmistakable : will have finally save the family he could not save that many year ago -- he own . fade out .