slacker write by David h Steinberg first revi SI on January 20 , 2000 fade | N : ext . yale uni versi ty - day the harkness Tower loom over the gothic campus on this late Oct ober day . it 's get chilly and the leave be almost go . at the Branford Gate , a wringht iron lattice be etched wth the motto , " for God , for country , and for Yale " . int . lecture hall - day the mdtermexam_ the huge lecture hall be fill wth about 200 college student and a few teaching assi stant . the t.a. 's be work they way up the center aisle passi no out the exam and blue book row by row . the smug head T. A. stand at the front of the room head T. a . the midtermis worth forty percent of you grade , but that of you with a work know edge of the franco - prussian War should not be too concerned . in the aisle seat in the very last row dave guttenmacher be flirt across the aisle wth a cute G rl who seen to be enjoy Dave 's attention . then , interrupt the magic , a snotty t.a. arrive at he row and hand Dave a stack of exam and blue book . snotty T. A. good | uck . Dave give hima fake smile and nod . he slowy take a few bl ue book and a examoff the stack and pass the rest to the anxi ous woman with granny glass to he leave . Dave wite on the bottomright corner of he exam " what 's we number ? " and pass it across the aisle . the cute grl ook up fromher exam then around to see if anyone be wat chi no . she grab Dave 's exam read the note , smile , and write back . Dave take the exam back and read she response under he : " alana , 6-0749 " . Dave smile , then casually take a hard candy out of he pants pocket , unwrap it , and put it into he mouth . he ook around at the ridicul ous y frantic test - taker , shake he head in disbelief , and start work . Dave look over the examthoroughl y . he flip through the three page , then flip back . a sigh , then he start write in he blue book . Way down in the front row sit angela , beautiful , but a little intense . she be wite into she blue book a menonic device : pretty boy eat fuzzy penne . as she write , she tongue peek out of the side of she mouth . head t.a. ( os . ) this be a close book exam pl ease keep you study material under you desk . Di rectly behind she sit weasl y ethan . he stare at the back of angel a 's head intensely . he |ook around the roomto see if anyone be watch he then " accidentally " knock he pen onto the floor in front of himself . he look around again , then | ean forward into Angela 's hair . he inhale deeply and take great pleasure in the snell , smling broadly to reveal he horribly crooked tooth . angel turn around suddenly and ethan pull back and look awy at the last second . ethan S Pov amid the junble of test - taker , ethan focus in on alana , surreptitiously pass some papers across the aisle to Dave . end Pov ethan watch wistfully as Dave flirt wth alana . he shake he head slightly in quiet resi gnati on . back row Dave look at the exa " what 's you number free this weekend ? " m the handwitten exchange now read : " alana , 6-0749 . " " dave. 6-1510 . you maybe . call I . [ smiley face ] . " Dave smile then resume casually fill he blue book . he carefully study the exam and continue wite at a speedy pace . cause the anxious woman to make dagger eye at he " 's wite : " ( 10 ) explain the compete political | philosophy of bismarck and metternich , they empirical success , and they cultural significance . " in fact , Dave have fill the blue book wth the test question , but no answer . he close the blue book and slip it into he jacket . he open a fresh blue book . the snotty t.a walk up the aisle monitoring the exam Dave motion he over . dave ( whi sper s) I have get to use the rest room snotty T. A. ( whi sper s) can not it wait ? Dave look at himincredulously . then , a little too | oudly : dave I have get a case of explosive diarrhea that 's a time bonb wait to go off . have you ever dance wth the devil in the pale moonl i ght ? a few student | ook over at Dave . the anxious Wan si dl es away from he snotty T. A. ( whi sper s) leave you test here . Dave |ook down at the test ( and alana 's phone number ) for a second , then up at the t.a . he leave he new ( and bl ank ) blue book on top of he examand walk out . int . hallway outsi do lecture hall - day Dave casually walk past the sign that say " restroom -- > " and walk out of the building . int . slacker ' room - day SAM schecter and jeff sarno be play a video game in the conmon room of this three bedroom dorm suite . samis a overwei ght schlub wth a beard , Jeff a more athletic type . the game be " starcraft " and several computer space marine be shoot the crap out of some insectoid alien . geen blood splatter everywhere on the screen . SAM feel good . like a cigarette shoul d . jeff fuck you . they continue pl ayi no . jeff ( cont would ) you think we should try out for a porno novi e ? SAM | tell you , my dick 's too small . jeff core on , man . w'd get at least one free lay . SAM you do not start out wth the woman , dumbass . first you gotta work you way through the gay porno rank , then and only then do they let you do hetero . jeff how the fuck do you know ? SAM I have get a cousin who 's in the busi ness . jeff yeah , right . the alien spit some sort of venomon one marine and he scream bef ore explode into a pool of blood . the door open and , Dave wal ks in and grab some hard candy out of a dish on the table . SAM Dave . true or false . a guy in the porno business 's gotta start out do gay porn . dave true . SAM see. dave ( to Jeff ) you gotta pay you due . Dave pull the blue book out of he j acket and drop it on sam | ap . SAM any probl em ? dave nope . SAM take over for I . Dave take sam seat . dave ( to Sam you terran ? jeff just sit the fuck dow . Sam open he history text book and start | ooki no up the answer to the test . he wpes he nose wth he sleeve . freeze frame on SAM nid - wipe . super : " SAM ' . dave ( v.q. ) that 's Sam Capricorn . slacker . w're all slacker really : but sam inspiration take the form of some really devious plan . int . SMALL exam room - day Sam three year earlier , |ess heavy and no beard , be takin a standardize test _in a small roomwith some other student : and a japanese proctor . dave ( v.o . before you start school freshman year , you have to prove you pr oficiency in a forei qn | anguage . for you do not take a ap . course in high school , you have to pass a write proficiency examthe first week of school , or spend the next two year take foreign language course at eight a.m on the other side of campus . the test - taker be fill in they bubble sheet wth number two pencil . Sam however , be just relax . hs answer sheet be blank , and he doodle a skull and cross bone onto the test booklet , witten , incidentally , entirely in japanese . dave ( cont would ; v.o ) so Sam whose only foreign | anguage exper | ence be pig Latin , tell they he 's fluent in japanese and sit for the exam Sam look around , then | ook at he watch . the second hand be appr oaehi no the twelve , to bring the time to_an even 9:50 . as it tick twelve , the FIRE alarm sound . the proctor j ump up . japanese proctor ( japanese ; subtitle ) remain calm leave you test bookl ets and exit the roomina single file line . the student proceed out of the room but sampag behind . the proctor see samstill in he seat and run up to he japanese proctor ( cont ' d ) ( japanese ; subtitle do you not understand ny instruction ?! ? leave you test here and exit the roo Sam just smile at himand nod , but remain in he seat . the proctor be frantic . japanese proctor ( cont would ) _. ( japanese ; subtitle | be it you wish to be burn alive in a horrible manner ? Sam clearly do not understand . he offer the proctor a stick of gum the proctor yell into he face : japanese proctor ( cont ' d ) ( japanese ; subtitle you sacrifice both puzzle and honors I ! | must flee now he bow , then run out of the room finally , sampull out a hand - held copier ( battery operat ed , three inch scan wdth , on sale at Office Depot for $ 129.95 ) and quickly scan he nei ghbor 's bubble sheet . freeze frame on SAM no d- scan . dave ( v.q. ) now sam not lazy , and he 's certainly not dumb . in fact , he scheme take a hell of alot more effort and brain than study , but samlike to figure thing out . to beat the system unfreeze SAM as he pass the copier over the sheet , a copy pop out of the top . samtuck it in later , and walk out of the classroom hallway h nch - with de ee i 's test book for thry to hi oq the other side of the door , samsmile wickedly . int . slacker ' room - day still frozen on SAM mis d- wi pe . dave . ( v_ .. ) lead the fire alarm hey , what pul e friend for ? ! be unfreeze SAM as he finish wping and continue study . mor eg computer terran scream as they be reduce to bl oody red pixel . jeff dude . be you go to even try ? Three marine be not gonna do j ack against twenty hydralisk . dave qh , gee , really ? maybe you need to meet ny friend the filer . a different alien creature pop up on the screen and spit red acid on the group of twenty hydralisk . they begin to explode , one by one . Jeff throw down the controller . jeff you fucker ! where the fuck do you et a fuck defiler ? Fucking uck ! freeze on jeff with spittle on he lip . super : " jeff " . dave ( V. 0 . ) Jeff 's formative experience do not happen till sophonore year . int . dave and SAM S sophomore dorm room - day the three guy ( two year young ) be play nonopol y . dave ( v.o. ) Jeff have he final paper due in he economics seminar , but he never get around to do it . Jeff roll the dice , move he shoe to the hotel on ventnor Ave. , and seethingly start shelling out $ 1150 to a pleased be . int . hallway outsi do professor nathanson S office - day Jeff walk down the econ department hallway , look for he Professor 's 's office . Jeff locate the right door and walk up of it . dave ( V. 0 . ) he figure he would ask Professor nathanson for a extension , but when he get there , he notice something magical . just as he 's about to knock , he see a few papers stick out of a lucite bin attach to the door . dave ( cont would ; v.o nathanson have he student | ust drop off the papers outside he office . of course , some loser al way turn theirs in early . Jeff look up and down the hall | way . then quickly , pul be out a paper fromthe bin . he start look it over . sm les , hen pull out the rest of the stack and begin shuffle through they suddenly , the door open and a econ t.a. walk out . econ T. A. what be you doi no ? freeze on jeff , panicked . dave ( V. 0 . ) think , MacGyver , think ! unfreeze jeff . jeff turn in my paper . econ T. a . why do you have nore than one ? jeff I be check ny margin against this other papers . you think nathanson wll mind that mine 's only get quarter inch margin ? he show himone of the papers wth text run almost edge to edge . econ T. A. no , | think nathanson will fail you . he specifically say one and a half inch margin . ( beat ) the space be for he comment . jeff look. | better redo this . econ T. A. yeah . you would better . Jeff start to walk away , then stop hi nmself . jeff qh , almost forget . he hand the t.a. back all the papers but the one wth the margin problem then walk away wth a big snile . int . slacker ' room - day still frozen on jeff with spittle on he lip . dave ( V. .. ) the funny thing be that nathanson really do fail that guy wth the quarter inch margin . eat ) Jeff 's version get a A. unfreeze jeff . jeff -- motherfucker . Dave start laughing sam!ook over and start laughing jeff ( cont would ) fuck you both . Dave 's laughing i not ensi fi es . freeze on dave | aughi no . super " dave " . dave ( V. 0 . ) then , there 's I . | guess I 'mthe " lie " to sam cheat and Jeff 's steal . |' ve_al way be kind of deceitful . people say I have get a honest face , but you tell someone that and you be just ask for troubl e . int . mall - day Dave ( a little gunger ) be walk through the mall with he arm around a E grl . dave , ( V. .. ) | never know j ust how good | be at . lie till | discover the " seed of doubt principle . " sudden ! y. a different girl , mollie , exit the gap wth she two friend . from about twenty foot away , mllie see Dave wth the cute grl . Dave turn he head , and for a split second make eye contact wth millie . he turn white , quickly turn he head back , and continue on wth the cute grl . int . mollie ' S dorm room - NI ght pave walk into mllie 's dormroom she 's on the verge of ear . 10 . molli E | see you wth that girl . | see you wth you arm around she . mol |i e 's roommate excuse thensel ves fromthe room freeze on dave | ook guilty as hell . dave ( V. 0 . ) | guess | do not know what to say . and | knowit sound kind of stupid at first . but you never know what peop ! e be willing to believe until you look they straight in the eye and tell they a bal d-face lie . unfreeze dave . dave it be not I . mollie be shake by this . she can not believe he just say that . molli E what ? dave it be not I . molli E what do you mean it be not you ? | see you . | see you with she . dave it be not I . mollie truly do not know howto argue wth this . she 's exasper at ed . molli E you be try to tell I , that | do not see you yesterday , at the mall , wth some ugly slut girl ? dave it be not I . | do not know who or what you see , but it be not I . you know I would never cheat on you . she try to shake off this incongruence , but it 's too late : the seed of doubt have take hold . she | ook at Dave ... for a really long time ... 11 . but Dave show absolute confidence ... Dave take she hand in he , and look straight into she eye . wth the purest , most sincere face i magi nable : dave ( cont ' d) it be not I . int . slacker ' room - day still frozen on dave | aughi no . dave ( v.q. ) a lie repeat often enough create a seed of doubt in people 's mind . it help if they want to believe you , but either way , people be afraid of confront ation . they would rather nore what 's right in front of t eir own eye and accept sone bizarre , warpe reality than call you a liar . unfreeze dave still | aughing . samleave he book and cone back to the game . he push Dave out of the way . SAM why do not you go get we sone fi dog ? you go 9 dave fuck you , asswi pe . jeff hey . do not you have to study ? Sam look at he watch . SAM Nah . I have still get twenty minute . int . lecture hall - day the examis over and the last of the student be fili no , out of the room the t.a. 's have gather the blue book at the front of the room ethan be chase after Angela who be wal king wth a plain-l ook girl , inna . ethan angel a! wait up . as ethan pass the | ast row , something catch he eye : Dave 's exam and blue book still lie on the armtablet wth the handwitten exchange in the bottomright corner . he stop , |ook around for a second , then walk over to it . 12 . he pick up the exam and look at alana 's phone number . he smile , tuck the test into he bookbag and continue on . int . hallway outsi do lecture hall - day now outside the examroom Angela walk wth reanna down the hal | way . angela do you talk about the 1891 renewal of the triple alli ance ? reanna go a little white . reanna no . angela ... because | do not knowif he be look for that much information . do you think he want we to mention it ? | knowit 's only tangentially related , but | fi gur ed - - reanna no . it 's good . | should have put that in . she 's crestfall en . ethan ( 0s . ) angel a! Angela turn around . ethan be run up to she . angela ethan ! where have you be ? he saunter up to she and she enbrace himwith a passi onate kiss . from out of nowhere , porno music begin play . the two begin making out , tongue visibly lap in a disgusting di spl ay : reanna | ook on , but instead of | nduce nausea , the exhibition seem to titillate she . she move in . reanna gve be sone of that . Angela turn to reanna and begin a graphic lesbi a kiss inch . away from ethan 's face . he watch with glee , then join in , turn it into a three way sl obber-fest . jump CUT to . 13 . int . hallway outsi do lecture hall - day back to reali ty . end porno music . Angela be talk to reanna , as before . ethan ( 0s . ) angel a! Angela turn around . ethan be run up to she . angela yes ? she have absolutely no idea who he be . ethan et han . angela right . et han . reanna hey , we have get another class . Sam hobbl es in on a fake crutch . SAM ( to reanna ) do you know be prof essor markoe 's office be ? reanna oi nts ) that wef ( poi not ) point same way over there . reanna over there . SAM thanks . and he hobble off . angela . ( to et han ) listen , we have gotta run ... ethan et han . angela right . et han . 14. sullen , ethan watch the girl walk away . he look for a second in sam direction , then walk off himself . int . professor markoe ' S office - day the t.a. 's fromthe exam have gather the blue book and be divide up the stack . a anci ent . professor markoe be behi no he desk type on he computer . samenter , on he crutch . professor markoe can | help you ? SAM Professor markoe . I be Sam schecter . I ' minute you class . I have be study all night , sir , and | guess | just oversleep . professor markoe wii , |'msorry . that 's really too bad , M. schecter . SAM like | say sir , i| 'mreally sorry . and | would have get here sooner , but | pull ny hamstring and | get this crutch and all . be there any way | could take a make - up exan ? head T. A. Professor markoe be not go to make a whole newtest just for you . SAM | know . and yal solty , sir . | really just oversl ept . professor _markoe M. schecter , you know the rule . SAM | know . Sam just stand there and start get teary - eye . the Professor look at he samstart sniffling the Professor be get disgust at this pathetic di spl nis the t.a. 's can not believe they eye . samis really cryi now . professor : markoe mw God , man ! get a hold of ourself ! all right . ail right . ou can take the test . but you have to take it right now , here in my office . you have three hour . 15 . Sam take a open seat and start wping he eye with he sl eeve . SAM thank you , sir . | will not let it happen again . professor panj ay , give M. schecter here the test and if you would be kind enough to monitor himfor the next three hour , | amgo to play squash . indi a T. A. sure , Professor markoe . no problem the Professor leave and the indian t.a hand Sam the test . wth the sour expression of someone whose plan for the day just get ruin , indian T. A. ( cont would ) good | uck . sam still a little teary - eye . SAM thanks . int . slacker ' room - NI ght the three guy be drink beer . Jeff be examine a fake i.d. , hold it up to the light and look at it wtha jeweler 's eyepiece . dave to another successful operation . they raise they beer , somewhat indifferently , and drink . dave ( cont ' d) just think . this time next year , we will have all go we separate way . SAM God willing . dave come on , you be not actually | ook forward to | aw school , be you ? SAM I be look forward to make sore serious scratch . 16. jeff ( to Sam . and | ' m1 ook forward to see you leave this fuck room SAM good one , M. trust fund. dave be you tryi no to tell I this have not be the great four year of you life ? SAM what ever . dave hey , i| 'mnot afraid to admit it . you guy be ny best friend and if | could , I would stay in college forever . jeff yeah , speak of which , where the fuck be you go next year ? a pause . dave beat the shit out of I . another pause . then , the three guy start laughing SAM come on . let 's cel ebrate . jeff cel ebr eat how ? dave in the usual way . CUT to . montage ( under School house rock 's " Three 's a Magic nunber " ) : - the three guy be riding a special triple bicycle through the park . - the three guy demolish a hotel room Dave swing a guitar , smashing a table | amp . Sam kick in the tv set . Jeff IPS a whi skey bottle at the wall mirror . - a baseball diamond , man on first . the ground ball be field by second baseman Jeff who backhand it to shortstop Dave who relay it to first baseman Sam 4 - 6-3 double play . 17 . - the three ci gar-smok guy be receive three lap dance at this upscale go ! emen 's club . - waring jedi robe , the three guy walk across the sand of tatooine wth light saber draw . - it 's a gangsta rap pool party wth girl in bikinis shaking they ass . fl annel - clad Sam man the scratchmaster booth , Dave wear a backwards basebal | cap and lip synch the song , and Jeff just sit there , load bullet into he gock . - Three farmsheep line in a row , face the other way . - the three guy be wear astronaut suit and slowy walk out of mission control . - a New Orleans jazz trio : samon bass , Jeff on drum , and Dave on pi ano . - the three guy be the three wse Men in the Jerusalem barn wth baby Jesus in the manger . - in a sleazy hotel room Dave be tie to a bed wear only he underwear . Jeff , dress as a hooker , be go through Dave 's wallet when suddenly Sam dress in a batman costune , jump out of the closet . - the three guy be stand on the wnnner ' platformat the oynpics . simultaneously , they bow they head and raise they fist in a black power salute . - back to the triple bicycle ride . the three take they hand and foot off the handle bar and pedal and sail merrily through the will dfl ower . end montage . CUT to . int . slacker ' room - NI ght back to the scene . the three guy be in exactly the sare position as before , but stare out into space for a moment . SAM bul | dog ? dave bul | dog . jeff bul | dog . they get up and on the way out the door , sampull out three small card fromthe desk . they be blank " frequent sandwich buyer club " card . he pull out a ink stamp wth a_ distinctive bulldog icon and stamp each card eight time . 18 . ext . campus STREET - NI ght the three guy walk across the beautiful gothic campus . dave you ever have that dream where we all get catch and we get expell and we parent be there say how much we di sappoi not ed t hen ? jeff yeah , but in my dream the CIA come in and recruit I to be a operative and |'mlike do some hot spy chick in chechneya , so like , you know , it 's get a happy endi no . after a beat , SAM you know , mkkenzie 's in the CIA now . dave Real | y? jeff he say he 's in the State Department , but you know what that mean . int . bulldog pi zza - NI ght the three guy walk up to the counter of this college pi zza / sub shop . the counter guy be slightly . deran ed and — alk wth alisp . it 's not a effeminate lisp ; it 's the kind you get fromdoing weird shit to you tongue . counter guy yet h? SAM footlong italian conbo with all the fixin , but hold the cheese . behi no the counter guy 's head be a sign wth three column : bread , cheese , and fixin ( lettuce , tomato , etc . ) . cheese be not in the " fixin " columm , but instead have be deem worthy of they own col um . counter guy no cheet h? SAM no , hold the cheese . 19 . the counter guy smile broadly . he savor the moment . then , wth the pride that a college education just can not buy you : counter guy if there 's no cheeth , then how can it be all the fixin ? sam!ook at he then he | ook at the sign . then back at he he 's about to say something , when Dave interrupt . dave and two cheesesteak wth ever yt hi no . the three |eave the counter and walk over to the cashier Sam pull out the stamp card and hand themto the cashier . cashi er how you kid get so many stanp ? dave W eat alot of sub . Dave smile . the cashier pause , | ooks_at Dave 's innocent face , then finally accept the card . the three move off to a table near the self - serve soda fountain . the machine be embl azone wth a sign : " free refill " . Sam pull _out of he pocket and unstack three p astic cup wth the bulldog logo . he pass they out and the guy begin fill they cup wth soda . jeff goddam fucker be out of slice ! counter ethan walk into the store wth he turban : cap roonmat e , VI kram _ they walk up to the counter and wait behind another custover order he sub . ethan look up at the menu board , then around the restaurant . he see Sam Dave , and Jeff talk . he pause . ethan hey , who be that guy ? VI kram the fat guy ? ethan yeah . VI kram beat the hell out of nme . table 20 . at the table , Sam and Dave be have a important discussion , while Jeff try to ignore they qut of the corner of he eye , Jeff notice a cute grl over at the register , and turn to | ook at she . SAM Three word : Bend you knee . dave that 's suppose to make not | ast longer ? SAM it 's like golf , or baseball . the cute grl notice Jeff look at she and turn she head slightly towards he Jeff quickly look away . SAM ( cont ' d) look . I have see a lot of porno . Di d not you ever notice the guy al way bend he knee , no matter whether he 's on top , underneath , whatever . dave | guess it never occur to I . Jeff slowy look back at the girl and snile . SAM it 's like a trade secret . tell you what . try this . next time you be spanking it , sit indian style . dave I be not gonna sit indian style . the girl do not smile back . instead , she take she sandwich , turn away , and walk out the door . Jeff 's smile fade . SAM ry it . you will never come . ina milion year . dave Bend you knee ... SAM Bend you knee . jeff Fucking | oser . counter 21 . the customer have go to wait for he sub , and the counter guy be ready to take ethan 's order . counter guy yet h? ethan yeah . a turkey on whole wheat . swiss , lettuce , and tomato . counter guy let tut h? ethan huh ? counter guy let tut h? he look over again , then it hit he ethan wait a second . he 's piece it together . counter guy hello , M. Turkey sandwich man. | be ask if you want lettuth . ethan turn to he ethan huh ? yeah . lettuce . | say lettuce , you goddam noron ! ( to vikram wait here for a sec . ethan walk over to the guy . counter guy at h- hol e. table ethan hey . dave S ' up . ethan ( to Dave ) how d you think you do on the exam t oday ? 22 . dave probably a B. | think | fuck up the one on the Si no - Russian wr. ethan he say he be not ge no to cover that on the exam at " 's you name agai n? dave Tom weaver . ethan yeah . | see you talk to that fabul ous babe . what 's she name ? Al ana ? Dave do not like where this conversation be go . dave that 's right . ethan ( to Sam you be in that class too , right ? SAM yeah . so ? ethan so how 's you | eg ? jeff it 's fuck better , obvi ously . look , dude , we be straight . so if you be do try to hide the sausage , we have get some fuck sub to eat . and they walk back to the counter to pick up they order . the gear start turn in ethan 's head . int . student uni on - NI ght the guy be shooti no , pool and eat they sub in the rec room of the Student Union . nearby , other student be sit around study and watch " wheel of fortune . " only a few letter be show on the " before and after " puzzle . dave ( to tv ) " wggle roomwth a View 's . some student |ook back at Dave , annoyed , but he go ahead and make he shot . then , ethan enter the area , carry he bookbag ( he rarely be see wthout it ) . 23 . jeff dude . | tell you , this be a no - smoking zone . ethan what 's that suppose to mean ? SAM what do you want ? ethan | know about the test . Sam and Dave share a gl ance . SAM what test ? ethan this morning 's history mdterm in " geat power . " dave | do not know what you be talk about . ethan | think you do , Tom you guy be bust . I have get you red-hand . dave it 's Dave , not Tom asswi pe . ethan but you sai d -- SAM wait a second . what be it you think you have on we ? ethan hmm , let 's see ... you know , at first | do not get it . then it hit I : I have get tomhere at a exam for a class he 's not enrol in . I have get you take the test after it 's over , and on a fake crutch to boot . and what a coincidence -- you two be roonmate . SAM | have no idea what you be talk about . ethan ( be : Dave ) he do . 24 . Dave be slightly agitate . dave look . you can not prove any of this . so why do not you just pat yourself on the back , sherlock , and go on you way . ethan grin ear to ear . ethan Real | y? and he pull out of he bookbag the m dterm exam on which Dave and the cute grl ( alana ) exchange phone nunber . SAM what the fuck be that ? ethan this my friend be what we in the bl ackrmail business call " the smoking gun . " Sam look at it , then turn to Dave who have turn a littl red . Sam quickly |ook around to see if anyone be watch ethan see the desire reaction and return the test to hi bookbag . the guy put down they pool cue on the table . SAM ok . what do you want ? ethan you know , that 's a good questi on . and one I have put a tot of think into . do | want money ? | mean , this information ought to be worth a few grand ... jeff no fuck way . ethan you be right . too easy . that 's why I have come up wth a proposition . e 's jeff | knewit ! | knewthis guy be cruise for some ass . ethan no . it 's about a girl . listen . I have get a problemthat need a very creative sol ution . 25 . dave what the hell be you talk about ? ethan I 'mtalk about you " deliver " a certain woman to I . dave / you want we to help you get | aid ? ethan very good . you catch on fast . SAM that 's the fuck proposition ? some chi ck ? jeff this be not a dating service , dude . bag you own bitch . ethan turn bright red and lunge at Jeff . ethan Angela be not a bitch ! she 's a very sweet girl ! not a dirty whore like you mother ! the guy be startle by he sudden fury . sore of the other student turn to see what 's go on . dave dude , relax . SAM Jesus , man . chill out . jeff wow. good one . ethan start to regain he composure . dave honestly , ethan . what do you expect we to do ? ethan | do not know . all | knowis that | want she and you be go to hel p I get she . he turn to | eave . ethan ( cont ' d) pleasure do business wth you . 26 . ethan exit . the guy look at each other for a while in silent disbelief . finally , Dave break the silence . dave Dawson 's Creek be on . Jeff and samroll they eye at the unhelpful comment . int . slacker ' room - day the next morning . Jeff and Sam be dri nki no beer and wat ching a Spanish channel feat uri no some fabul ous bl onde singer wth | mpossibly high short dance around a dozen child and a fat sweaty man . Dave walk into the roomfromthe shower , wear only a t owel . dave you know , | wsh I ! be gay . | mean , if you think about it , gay guy get [ aid as much as they want and | mean , we be already such ood friend . W like hang out ogether , we have get the sane interest . would not it be great if we be all gay too so we could have sex wth each other ? ( beat ) yeah , | know , be gay 's no icnic . you get you parent and he gay basher to deal wth . but think about it . as much sex as you want any time you want it . and we woul d not even have to | eave the room and no chick to deal wth . ( beat ) | I be not say | amgay . | I 'mjust sayi be | wsh | be gay . | wsh we all be Sam and Jeff completely ignore Dave . dave ( cont ' d) wil , anyway . and he continue on into he bedroom Sam and Jeff conti nue stare at the tv , emotionless . samswg he beer . jump CUT to . 27 . int . slacker ' room - day later that day . Jeff be read a recruitment brochure for a New York investment bank and samis write | onghand on a pad of paper . Dave enter fromhis bedroom dave what be you doi no ? Sam do not |ook at Dave and speak in a icy tone . SAM witing a essay . dave qh , penthouse be take unsolicite submission now ? SAM good one . it 's my Harvard essay . dave why do you_want to go to that shithole ? that moron have no personality . SAM true . but the | aw firm seemto think they be number one . dave and what be you up to , M. per sonality ? jeff Research . I have get my screen intervi ew tomorrow . jump CUT to . int . slacker ' room - day still later . Jeff and samare in different position in the room but still work . Dave enter again . dave core on , guy . let 's do something . let 's watch a movie . o play a gare . who 's up for axis and ally ? samis still not make eye contact wth Dave . SAM sorry , dude . 28 . jeff why do not you go spank it in the corner ? dave loser . jump CUT to . int . slacker ' room - NI ght that evening . Jeff and Sam have change position again , but be still work . Dave enter yet again . dave look. |' msorry | write on the test . all right ? but you should have see this girl . Sam finally stand to confront Dave . SAM Nice fuck j ob . dave | say | be sorry . SAM sorry be not goi no to get we out of this goddam no ght mare . dave so we will help this guy and we will be do wth it . jeff w're not help erkel get a irlfriend . just say the word and " Il ice this guy . SAM shut up , puff daddy . you be not the one on the line here . I 'mthe one who be conpletely fuck . | need to graduate . I be not some spoiled rich kid or aimess | oser of do not care about anything . Dave and Jeff take a monent to let samcool down . Dave start paci no . dave look . why not just do what he say ? 29 . SAM that 's not go to work . you do what this guy say and we will be kissing he ass forever . jeff you guy be afraid of that weasel ? let 's just get the dam test back . dave or we could just come up wtha four-star plan to hook up a conpl ete |oser wth this Angela chi ck . jeff why the hell should we ? dave it will be fun . come on . we have get nothing better to do . th jeff h ere 's no way this guy 's get any tail . you " have see he he look like fuck Jeffrey dahmer . Sam sit back down , defeat . SAM it will never work . Dave stand to confront the other two . dave you know what ? W have become soft . conpl acent . | fear we greatness be behind we . remenber when we use to fax in we final papers from Vegas ? Dave wait for a answer from Sam SAM | remenber , Dave . dave that be live . and Jeff , what about the time you steal Dean a 's Christmas tree ? that be live ! jeff qh , God . you be right . W have lose we way . what have we become ? what have we becone ? 30 . Dave acknow edge Jeff 's sarcasmwith a fake smile . dave look . never before have we attempt to solve the most compl ex equation know to man . the human heart . jeff you be a true homo . dave consider this the ultimate challenge . this wll be like the cul mination of we college career . the three of we will be the first menin history to solve the conundrum fem to . the other two guy contenpl eat the significance of such a di scovery . jeff what ever . Dave sit back down . dave | say we do this . jeff | say fuck off . dave San ? you be the deci ding vote . samturn to Jeff , apol ogetically . SAM | do not have a choice . jeff you be go to fuck fuck thing up for all of we . this shit be not fuck kosher . but sam already scheni no . SAM all right . let 's do this . i'min . dave two to one . Jeff ? Jeff acqui esce . 31 . jeff all right . fuck you . i'min. dave then we be agree . W help the weasel . jeff | hope you guy know what the fuck you be do . int . ethan S bedroom - NI ght ethan stand in he dark bedroomtalking on the phone . ethan excellent . he hang up . he smile smugly , then turn on a small desk lamp , revealing a shrine to Angela : dozen of photo , dry flower , and candle . he take a cell ophane bag out of the desk and open it . he remove a lock of hair and sl owy bring it to he nose . he inhale deeply and the pl easure overwhelm he his grotesque smile be a orthodontist 's no ght mare . int . slacker ' room - NI ght a key duplicate machine grind a metal key copy . qblivious to the noise , the three guy be play axis & ally : a large board game wth a map of the world and hundred of plastic combat piece place all over it . ( essentially a highly complex version of Risk ) . they continue to roll dice and move piece throughout the conversation . dave | say we give hima little " when Harry met Sally " action . jeff what the fuck be you talk about ? dave he get in wth she . becore friend . totally imnocuous . then , after a month or so , he tell she he love she . he 's '' in " love wth er . SAM good plan . that ' !! work. ( be : game ) | . Three panzer division attack the Ukraine . 32 . Jeff roll the dice . dave no , listen . sure , she will be freak out at first . but they be already friend at this point . and he keep work on she . after a while , she 's thi nki no to herself , " what aml fight for ? it 's not so bad have a guy tell I he love nme all the time . " Sam | ook di sgust ed . SAM dude , that be the lamest plan I have ever hear . dave hey , at least I have get laidin the last two year . SAM who can be bot she ed ? jeff dude , everyone know you have get to treat woman like shit . period . " treat 'emlike dirt and they will stick to you like mud . " CUT to . int . night club - night jeff ii wear a silk shirt and approach a hot woman at e bar . jeff ( v.0 . ) wonen confuse they emotion . you get they excited and they do not remember how nuch they hate you , only how hot you get they Jeff turn to the woman and '' acci dentally " dump he drink down she back . she scream and turn around . jeff hey , watch where you be go , you skanky ass be - to oh : she can not believe she ear . hot woman be you fuck insane ? he look into she eye . a connection . 33 . jeff bi tch . hot woman maggot . jeff SI ut . hot woman scum a beat , then they embrace in a passionate kiss . when they come up for air , the hot woman jump into Jeff 's arm , and he carry she out of the bar . int . slacker ' room - day Jeff smile broadly , look for approval . dave have you ever even be wth a woman bef ore ? SAM wil , he do have one point . | think you have to be clear about you intention up front wtha chick . you plan be too obvi ous ! y base on a lie . " qh , let 's just be friend . | do not want to bone you . " you have get to go up to she and right off the bat establish it as a sexual rel ati onship . dave how 's he suppose to do that ? jeff I 'mtell you . treat she like shit . SAM shut the fuck up . all I 'msay be he go up to she and compli ment she on she body . ext . STREET - day hot woman # 2 be crossing the street the opposite way that sam go . mdway across , Sam gawk at she body . then , right to she face : SAM qh ny God , you have get a fabul ous body . | could just 34 . he grunt incredibly | oudly . she stop in the middle of the street and turn to he hot woman # 2 you be direct . | like that . and she drop she dress to the ground revealing she perfect naked body . Sam grab the woman and kiss she passi onatel y. Cars screech to a halt in the intersection . int . slacker ' room - day Dave consider . dave maybe . jeff that 's pretty good . dave look . what we really need to dois alittle research . I tmgoing to pay a visit on this Angela . Sam ind out where she parent live . ( to Jeff and you . you up for a little recon ? Jeff shrug a " why not ? " and roll the dice . jeff karelia take Eastern Europe . ext . STAR ( space} a red giant star contract and begin to 9 ow yellow . as its di ameter shrink , it glow whiter and whiter . its gravity be take over , accelerate the contraction and increase the thermal output . then , the star reach critical mass a explode in a fury of light and radi ation . int . astronomy CLASS - day a lar ge darken room with about 60 student . professor macintyre be stand in front of the supernova video . professor maci ntyre Li ght s! the light come back on . professor macintyre ( cont would ) not all star wll go supernova , of course . only a narrow range of solar mass wl ! allow the delicate balance of gravity and energy to cause the phenonenon . 35 . Angela sit near the aisle , taki no note . Dave enter the 0 class late and take a seat next she . dave hey . angela shhh . dave what | miss ? angela shhh . professor maci ntyre the mathematical equation for determine a star 's critical mass be actually quite straight forward . anyone ? a few dozen hand go up . Dave raise he hand , but Angela do not . she eye he professor maci ntyre ( cont ' d) you . right there . the hand go down and Dave | ook disappointed at not be call on . Angela roll she eye at he Dave | ook over at she and smile . student ( 0 . S. ) use the gravitational constant time msub 1 , msub 2 , over R square .... Dave point to she notebook and make a begging | ook . she give in and pass she notebook to he he begin revi ew no the miss note , then |ook over at she and smile again . ext . sci ence hill - day Dave be walk out of the astronony department building wth angel a . dave but if j32 be a pulsar galaxy , t hen - - angela a quasar galaxy . pulsar be rotate neutron star . dave ok , then tell I what a quasar be ? 36 . angel a si ghs . angela quasar be rare superbrilli ant gal axies_ wth massive black hole nucl ei. they emt radiation equi valent to a hundred normal galaxy but be only as big as we solar system Dave be strangely intrigue by she attitude . dave ok , brainiac , what 's the fastest land manmal ? angela the cheet ah . dave what 's the eastern - most us. state ? angela Alaska . the aleutian Islands cross the International date line . dave what. be the name of the doctor on " | dream of jeanie " ? angela doct or Bell ow . dave how many road must a man walk down before you can call hima man ? angela you be not very bright , be you ? Angela start | aughing . Dave join in , then | ook into she eye . dave you know , you be very pretty . Angela blushes . she 's conpletely off guard . angela thanks ... dave Dave . angela Dave . you know , | have not see you in class before . 37 . dave yeah , | usually wear a hat . angela listen , why do not you join we study group ? W meet on wednesday . dave that would be great ... angela angel a. dave angel a. they |ook into each other 's eye as they shake hand . she be the first to look away and Dave smile at the minor victory . | nsert - three - way split screen SI lhouette of the three guy against fiery background , ala " Charlie 's angel " . int . outside angela 's S room - day Jeff knock on the door . reanna answer . Jeff use a fake nerdy voice . jeff be Angela here ? reanna no . she 's in class . jeff I be geg pasternak. ( no_reacti on ) . from non - Ferrous inorganic . reanna hey . what 's up . jeff can | leave she a message ? reanna point to the message board on the outside of the door that Jeff 's stand in front of . jeff ( cont would ) right . listen , | also need to take back ny lab procedure book she borrow . so if you could just ... reanna reluctantly let Jeff in . angela and reanna ' S dorm room 38 . Jeff walk in and surreptitiously |ook around . reanna sit back down in she bean bag chair and pick up she copy of " Beyond good and evil . " jeff ( cont would ) Nice room | love what you have do wthit . reanna yeah . jeff so , have you see a really big chem stry book I ying around ? reanna no. check in Angela 's room Jeff turn to one of the two bedroon . jeff this one ? reanna that one . Jeff walk into the other room angela 's S bedroom suddenly , he demeanor change to that of a cool professional . he cough as he flip on she computer to cover the boot nose . he turn the speaker volume off . he walk back out into the comvon area jeff what ' cha readi no ? reanna ni et zsche . jeff " be bekannt ist , ist erkannt . " reanna what ? jeff never mind . | can not find the book . I 'mjust go to leave a note on she computer . angela 's S bedroom 39 . he pull out he Zip disk fromhis pocket and quietly insert it . qn the desktop 1s the icon " m document . " he drag the icon to the Zip disk icon and the copying begin . he again to cover the dri ve no SE . reanna | ook up fromher book . she reluctantly get out of the bean bag chair . angela 's S bedroom in one fluid motion , Jeff eject the Zip disk , put it in he jacket , and flip off the computer . reanna enter . reanna what be you doi no ? jeff just finish the note . he pull out a pre-witten post - it note fromthe inside of the back of he j acket . jeff ( cont would ) see . he stick it to the computer . reanna o.k. look , I have get sore read to do . so if you do not mind ... jeff qh sure . no problem she start out the door . he pull the note off the computer , crumple it into a ball , and follow she out of the room int . slacker ' room - NI ght Jeff and Sam be | ook over the computer . Dave enter . jeff how go the hunt ? dave she 's get alot of charm and she 's pretty . Jeff and samlook at each other . Dave saddle up to the conputer . dave ( cont ' d) what do you find ? 40 . jeff her e-mail cache . dave perfect . let 's find out everything we can about this girl SAM you know what else you have get here ? jeff four year worth of papers . | know . do not get too fuck excited . she 's a biol ogy major . they |ook up fromthe screen . dave you get that address ? SAM yeah . he hand hima slip of paper . dave Branford ? alocal . wl! maybe I '11 make a personal appearance . Dave grab a jacket and tie out of the closet . SAM what the hell be you 990 no to do at she parent ' house ? dave just ask a few question . jeff why ? dave core on , guy . it 's so obvious . they be clueless . dave ( cont ' d) every girl want to marry she father . do not you ever read ant i go ? he smile and walk out the door . samand Jeff look at each other , unimpress . 41 . int . live room - NI ght a middle - age man ( charle ) , dress in what appear 's to be a bow shirt , sit in the lazy ; boy wth he ass of scotch and watch a movie on tv . m the couch sit he mis ddl e- age wife valerie , read " lottery player Magazine " . chi in of staff ( o.s. ) on tv ) | can accept the fact that the peop ! e have elect a cybor resident of the United States , but that do not mean | have to ike it . woman ( 0 . S. ) ( on tv ) do not judge the President unti ! you have meet he the doorbell ring . M. patton walk over to the door and open it , revealing Dave , dress in the cheap j acket and tie . charle can | help you ? dave M. Charles patton ? charle the sane . dave ron matty fromthe U.S. Census Bureau . do you mind if | ask you a few quest ! on ? charle be not you alittle young to be a census worker , son ? dave qh , M. patton , I 'mnot a G - 11 , sir . no , sir . i| 'ma student intern from adirondack juni or coll ege . I be do this for work study credit , sir . M. patton look he over . dave ( cont would ) adi rondack .... the Flying pandas ... . Dave smile broadly . finally , 42. charle ok . come on in . they enter and walk to the live room random cyborg no ses emanate fromthe tv set until M. patton click it off . charle ( cont ' d) mw wife , Valerie . this be ron something fromthe Census Bureau . Dave shake she hand . she | ook up at himwith unusual interest . dave ron matty . how do you do ? valeri E have a seat . Dave sit on the couch . valeri E ( cont ' d) W already fill out we census data and send it in . dave yes , mar 'am you do . and we thank you for that , mar 'am but we sometimes do a little fol ! ow up . gt alittle more '' information 's , alittle more " detail " for we record . the kind of stuff that really just do not come through adequately on " paper " . M. patton downs the last of he scotch . charle can | get you a drink ? int . slacker ' room - NI ght Jeff and Sam be read Angela 's e-mail print out from the computer . jeff here 's something . SAM what ? jeff aletter to she friend at Brown . they : be talk about the '' define characteristic of we generation . " deep. 43 . SAM let I see that . ( readi no ) " I 'mjust try to find ny place in the world . " ( beat ) save this one . Jeff pause and look up fromhis papers . jeff you know , he 's get a point about how nuch easier it would be if we be all gay . Sam slow y look up fromhis papers , wary . int . patton li VI no room - ni ght Dave be talk to the patton . he 's get a drink now , and Ms. patton have j oi ned himon the couch . dave would you say Angela be rebellious as a child ? charle no. Angela be a good girl . valeri E what 's this get to do wth the census ? jeff it 's for Health and human service , mar 'am I be sorry if it 's a little personal , but | have to ask . regul ation . you understand . DI ssolve to : int . patton li VI no room - NI ght the interview continue . document be spread across the table and Dave wite in he note pad . . patton get up fromhis chair . charle let I get ny tax return and I will have that figure for you . he exit . Dave sit uncom or tabl y wth Ms. patton on the couch . Dave take out of piece of candy from he pocket , unwrap it , and put it in he mouth . see Ms. patton look at he 44 . dave candy ? valeri E do not mind if | do . she reach over and in one smooth notion , unzip he pants and start gving dave head . dave sit expr essi onless , par al yzed for a morent while the message that he 's get a blowjob nove up he spinal colurnm to he brain . then , wthout move he he scan leave and right . then down . dave Ms. patton ? int . slacker ' room - NI ght samis alone at the computer , lye he 's a little nervous . he type a bit , then a creaki no E . ad , he eye slowy Sam quickly turn the monitor off . he look around . he turn the monitor back on and conti nue typi no . the monitor reveal : a chat session in progress wth " flwegrl " . samtype : " I do not care about took . it 's what 's on the inside that count . " he hit send . in a second , he receive a reply : " I can not wait to meet you . how about Wednesday ? " suddenl y , the front door open and Jeff enter wear a hot dog on a stick uni form and carry a big bag of food from hot Dog on a stick . Sam quickly flip the monitor off . jeff what be you doi no ? SAM nothing . just surfing the web . Jeff throw he key on the counter and start over towards he jeff let I check it out . SAM no . it be nothing . bore shit . 45 . he flip off the power strip and the whole computer shut own . jeff asswi pe , do not fuck shut it down that way . it 's not good for the computer . SAM sorry . jeff dude , | do not care if you surf the monkey love site all night | ong . just do not fuck up ny computer . SAM get it . Jeff take off he hat and throw it on the couch . he take out of the bag a hot dog on a stick , hand the bag to Sam then take a bite of the hot dog . jeff dinner be serve . int . patton li VI no room - NI ght the bl ow job continue . Ms. patton 's head be bury in Dave 's | ap . dave Ms. patton ? charle ( 0 . ss ) Valerie ! where the hell 's ny goddam tax return ? pave turn he head to see behind he but no one 's there . net . charle ( cont would ; os . ) ron ? Dave turn he head again . this time , M. patton be stand there wth a scow . fromthe front of the room we can see Ms. patton wth she head in Dave 's lap , Dave 's head turn to look behind the couch , and M. patton glaring at he over he shoul der . charle what the hell do you think you be doi no ? freeze frame . 46 . dave ( V , 0 . ) I will have to admit . I have never encounter this particular robl they before . but soreti me hing just work themselves out . unfreeze frame . dave unmm .. M. patton smile . charle you need to tell I when you be do wth you drink so | can go get you another one . from M. patton 's Pov , Dave appear to be sit quietly on the couch , he head turn behind himto | ook behind the couch . hs enpty glass rest on the end table . Ms. patton 's head in Dave 's | ap , however , be completely out of view . M. patton take a step towards the empty glass , but Dave — quickly grab it ( wthout novi no he | ower body ) and hand it behind the couch . M. patton take the glass , turn to | eave , then stop for a second . charle ( cont ' d) be 's Val eri e ? Dave shrug . M. patton leave the room dave ( hushed ) Ms. patton ! wth some difficulty , he stand up and strugal es to break free of she . but she 's lock onto he she head pl ant ed firmy in he crotch , and she hand grip he ass . as he hobbl es backwards , she follow on she knee . he slow y drag she around the room until he back up into a end table . she stop and |ook up at he valeri E come for I , sugar . | want to taste you | ove . dave ( hushed ) Ms. patton ! she go back at it . Dave 's eye go into the back of he head . he 's whimper . he 's moan . charle ( a ss. ) ron , be you ok . ? 47 . hallway M. patton be return wth the fresh drink . as he round the corner into the li vilng room he look up to see ... Dave back on the couch , wth Ms. patton safely obscure in he | ap . charle you sound like you be in some pain . dave uh ... ( suddenl y uncont rol | ed ) yes ! charle ok . then . I tmgoing to get you some tylenol . dave qh God , yes ! charle all right . hold you horse . he exit to the bathroom M. patton fish around for sone pain reliever . dave ( os . ) aaaaahhhhh ! CUT to . int . patton front door - NI ght M. and Ms. patton walk Dave to the door . charle if you need to cone again , ny wife wll be here tomorrow . dave Excuse I ? charle lf you need to come here again . for more information . 48 . dave qh , right . thank you , M. patton . he avert he eye from Ms. patton . dave ( cont ' d) Ms. patton . he open the door and exit . ext . patton front door - NI ght Dave take a deep breath . int . patton foyer - NI ght M. patton turn to Ms. patton . charle wher e nave you be hide this and he kiss she full on the lip . int . slacker ' room - NI ght Sam and Jeff be watch the end of the tv nvvie . on tv a cyborg sit in the oval office and speak wth a metallic voi ce : cyborg presi dent wth my cybernetic implant , | hack into the belorus mai nfrane and avert the nuclear crisis . ( beat ) now , about that staffing report you ' have be promise not ... across fromhim the nowteary - eye Chief of staff full of adni ration salute the cyborg . chi ef of staff yes , M. President . back to scene Dave enter , still in a state of shock . SAM how d it go ? Dave take a deep breath . 49 . dave | think pretty well . Jeff offer the bow of candy to Dave . jeff candy ? still in a daze , dave do not mind if | do . int . dine hall - day Sam and Dave be eati no lunch in the college cafeteria . Sam be devour a plate of corn beef hash when ethan arrive . ethan _. ( be : Sam he like the people food . ethan chortle wth delight . wth he mouth full , SAM fuck you . ethan sit down . dave phase one be compl ete . ethan what 's phase one ? dave Research . now you be go to becone she best friend . ethan | better be get nore than " get to know she " dave w're give you ste ey step instruction , a co psycho ! ogi cai profi sind alist of hobby , in crest : if you do not thi no it 's worth it , go turn we in . ethan eye the two carefully . ethan ok . how aml go to get close to she ? just full 50 . dave she 's take ... ( check he note ) chem 420 , biol gay 455 , '' great power " , and " astrogut " . so | say you approach she in class . ethan so , what , aml suppose to j ust walk up to she ? dave yes . listen , fifty percent of heterosexual man be afraid of tal king to woran and have never even have a girlfriend . that mean if you can get over you fear , and play the game , you have get a strong chance of make thing happen . SAM even supermodel get the blue , man . you always hear about sone hot chick who could not get a date for the oscar or sore shit . because the man be afraid of they ethan ok . but what be ! suppose to say ? dave first , tell she you have a girlfriend . SAM it 's less threat ening . dave then , -- then , two cute freshman woven walk by and ethan do a head turn gawk . Sam and Dave marvel at this lack of cool . dave ( cont ' d) dude , could you be nore obvi ous ? ethan what ? SAM this be not go to work . this guy 's a psycho ! ethan freak out . seethe and red-face , he stand up to confront Sam 51 . ethan do not call I that ! I be not a psycho ! do not ever call be that you goddam son of a bitch ! Dave put a reassure hand on ethan 's shoul der . dave all right . calm down . Dave look over at samwith a furle brow , like " what have we get ourselves into ? " . samshrug as ethan sit back down . SAM mw mistake . obviously you be a cool - head i ndi vi dual . dave look . let 's go wth plan B. Angela volunteer at the hospital -- ethan | do not like hospital . dave do you want this girl or not ? ethan yes . SAM then just sit down and keep you fuck mouth shut . ethan reluctantly agree . int . hospital - child S ward - day ethan walk briskly down the hallway . qut of the corner of he eye , he spot a full food tray wait outside a patient 's room he stop and walk over to it . he grab the paper cup full of jello , suck it down in one disgusting gulp , and continue on . as he make he way around the corner , he pass a sleepin old man in a wheelchair . wthout break stride , he crumple the paper cup and toss it onto the man 's lap . int . hospital - geriatric ward - day the geriatric ward . a few student volunteer incl uding Angela be be | ed around by a nu nurse mostly , they just need someone to talk to . so confort they ok . let 's get go . 52 . the group break up and start head into patient ' room . suddenly , ethan race up to the nurse . ethan I be here to help . nurse why do not you just help out the orderly change sheet ? ethan spot angel a. ethan no , that 's ok I 'mall set . he race over to Angela as she 's about to enter a patient 's room at the last second , he slow down and try to approach she smoot hly . he lean in to sniff she hair , then stop imself . ethan ( cont ' d ) hey ! she turn around . angela hey . | know you . ethan et han . angela right. from " great power " . ethan ri ght . alull , then ethan ( cont ' d ) how d you do on the midtern ? angela good . you ? ethan | mess up that question on the Si no - Russian War . angela yeah , he say he be not go to cover that . ethan yeah . another lull . 53. angela so , you volunteer at the hospital ? I have never see you here before . ethan fidget and avoid eye contact . ethan yeah . wil , | use to volunteer in high school all the time . in fact , my girlfriend be the coordi nator of the habitat for humanity up in bost on . angela wow , that 's great . so , shall we ? they enter the pati ent 's S room a old lady lie in bed watch " the price |s right " . Angela pick up she chart . angela neont 's dq} hello , Ms. Van aaf , I be Angela patton . I 'ma student vol unt eer . ethan and |'m ethan . ethan dulle . she click off the tv . van graaf what do you want ? angela w're here to spend some time wth you . van graaf wil | do not want to spend any time wth you . angela core on now , Ms. Van gaaf . I be sure you have get some great storey to tell . | bet you have get sore great storey about wrld War two . van graaf | work the dock during the war . angela you work in a shi pyard ? van graaf no , | be a whore . 54 . angela Hom wl , that must have be interesting . Ms. Van gaaf be get bored . she look over at ethan , sit there like a I and get a idea . puddenl y , she be start go into conv ons . ethan and Angela be aki no out . van graaf get Dr. danver ! ethan I will get the nurse . van graaf not you ! you ! get Dr. danver . he 's the only one ! Dr. danver ! angela ok I will be right back ! Angela rush out of the room ethan scranble around frantically . ethan be you all right ? she 's still short of breath . van graaf overheate . need to ... cool down . ethan what can | do ? van graaf sponge bath . over there . ethan Excuse I ? van graaf sponge bath . and she slip off she gown , revealing the nakedness of a 80 - ear- old lady . ethan look at she for a second , in shock , hen avert he eye . ethan Ms. Van gaaf ! van graaf so very hot . need spongin' . ethan | should get sore help . 55 . van graaf no! need spongin ' . now . ethan reluctantly take the sponge out of the portable tub next to the bed . wth he eye avert , he start spongi no er . van graaf ( cont ' d) lower . lower . ethan unhhh ! van graaf that 's it . right there . ethan be still averting he eye , but as Ms. Van gaaf begin to purr , ethan slomy turn to she . slowy , he shock and disgust subside , and he creepy smile begin to appear . Ms. Van gaaf open she eye and see ethan | ook back at she . she smile . he smile . a connection ... ethan go to sit on the edge of the bed , accidentally sit on the tv renvte . the tv snap back on and the " price be right " announcer shout , '' shiela bani on , come on dom ! " just then , Angela burst in wth the nurse and a full covpany of doctor . angela et han ! freeze on ethan give Ms. Van gaaf a sponge bath . dave ( V. 0 . ) now | only hear the story second hand , so do not know for sure what really happen , but | have it on good authority that ethan be actually kind of enj oyi no himself until the entire wing of the hospital burst into the room | tell you ethan be a freak . unfreeze ethan . angela what be you do ?! ? van graaf ethan sponge bath . sponge bath . ethan | eap back . nurse Ms. Van gaaf . put you gown back on . shame on you . 56 . Ms. Van gaaf stop convul sing and put on she gown . ethan what ? what 's go on ? nurse Ms. Van gaaf sometimes tric the male volunteer wth fake convul si on . ethan you crazy old bitch ! van graaf he want it more than | do . ks Angela drag ethan out of the room hallway angela what 's wrong with you ? ethan she make I sponge she off . she say she be overheate . angela she 's a old woman . ethan she 's a old whore . angela be you insane ? ethan be flustered . ethan | do not -- | mean , she sai d -- look . |-- she marvel at he then walk off into the next room still embarrassed , ethan reluctantly follow . int . uni versi ty gymnasi um - day dozen of student work out in this high - tech university gym over on the stair climber , Angela be in the middle of she workout . she 's wear headphone and read a magazine . from out of the locker room ethan enter , wear he date 1980 's sweatband and " let 's get physical " workout cl to hes . he spot Angela and saddle up to the machine next to she . she do not notice he so he turn on the machine . 57 . qovi ous ! y. not very famliar wth the stair climber , ethan have sone difficulty work the control . he look over at she machi not to match the setting . finally settle in , he turn to she , try to get she attention . he become nomentarily daze when he accidentally eye she oscillate ass . he almost fall off the machine , but quickly regains he balance . he turn to she again . sense a disturbance in the Force , Angela turn to ethan . she smle hello . ethan hey . she make the " I can not hear you " motion , but it do not deter et han . ethan ( cont ' d) what 's up ? she reluctantly take she headphone off . angela I 'msorry . | could not hear you . ethan qh. sorry . | be just go to say , funny see you here . angela yeah. beat ) look. no ask you something ? ethan sure . angela be you followng I ? ethan turn bright red , and slip off the machine . he scramble to regain he composure amd the fly stair . Angela be astonished by the acrobatics . ethan stand up . ethan no . Angela raise a eyebrow , then put she headphone back on . int . slacker ' room - NI ght Dave be shoot nerf hoop when Jeff enter the room out of breath and wear a priest 's clothes . he take off he collar and jacket . 58 . dave S ' up . samis over on the phone , drink a diet Coke and periodically hold up ihe can to read the | abel li no . SAM yes . that 's right . i'mvery " unsatisfy " wt h. recent purchase of you diet Coke product . a knock at the door . they all look at each other . wthout say a word , they inst inet| vel y shoot up ( like one or two eff ! finger -- not she oi n ) . J odd man ou jeff you guy fuck collaborate on that one . | see you eye . Sam and Dave start | aughi no . Jeff reluctantly get up to answer the door . it 's ethan . dave yo , easy E. jeff hey , | be just think about you . ethan smile . ethan Real | y? jeff no. ethan 's smile disappear and he enter the room dave how 's it be go ? be you in ? ethan if | be in | would not be here . Sam hang up the phone and sit down to play starcraft wth eff . dave wil , keep at it . ethan | want you to talk to she for I . dave what ? 59 . ethan just tell she what a great guy | be you know , put in a good word . from across the room jeff ( os . ) that be not part of the deal , assf ace . ethan look over at Jeff , then back to Dave . ethan the deal be for you to hook I up . now I 'mtell you _l need you to talk to she for I . once or twice and that 's it . dave all right . I will take care of it . ethan see ? now be that so hard ? ethan leave . samleave Jeff alone wth the game and walk over to Dave . SAM you really think this asshole be go to become friend wth she ? dave it should not be that hard if " assface " stop act like a retard . SAM you know , this plan be pretty good . you have use it before ? dave no . Dave turn to leave , but Sam put he hand on Dave 's ghoul der Sam look back to Jeff for a second , then | ower be voice . SAM so you have never tell a girl that you love she before ? Dave keep the conversation quiet . 60 . dave hey , I have lie about a lot of thing in day , but I be not go to tell some gir ! | love she unless | really mean it . you do not lie about shit like that . Dave turn to leave , but Sam stop himagain . samis slightly embarrassed about confide in Dave . SAM so , you would not recommend this plan for someone you be really interested in . dave | do not know . why all the sudden interest in the plan ? you find a mail order bride on the internet ? Dave start | aughing and samretreat into he shell . SAM no . it 's just ... dave look . I have get to go to a study troup now and put ina good word ror than . let 's discuss this ater . Dave grab a new shirt froma shoppi no bag and walk out , past Jeff , who eye he suspiciously . Jeff click he controller _and a protoss carrier explode , kill five scream no protoss hi gh tenplars . int . angela 's S room - ni ght angel a be study in the common room reanna walk out of she bedroomin a nice dress . angela hey ! you look great . | love that dress on you . reanna thanks . angela so where be you go ? reanna | do not know . he do not say . reanna let out a small screamof anxiety . 61 . reanna ( cont ' d) God , | hope this go well . | be so sick of dating " bad boy " . angela hey , it could be worse . you could al way go out wth the nice guy . the safe choice . the one you mom love . | want to date a bad boy and live on the edge . reanna just because you ' have manage to skip the asshole stage do not mean you have to go back and catch up . angela | guess . reanna start back to she bedroom angela ( cont would ) ok . there 's this guy . reanna quickly turn back to Angela . reanna you meet a guy ! who ? angela wil , he 's in ny astronony class . at least , | think . I have never see himthere before . but anyway , he 's kind of the " I do not play by the rule " type , but he 's funny . reanna so , go for it . when be you go to see he again ? a knock on the door . reanna |ook at Angela , who snile prugl y reanna roll she eye and go to answer the door . it 's have wear the exact same shirt as Angela 's father : loud bow shirt . dave hey . I be Dave . reanna reanna . phey shake hand as Angela arrive at the door wth she bookbag . dave ready ? 62 . angel a nod . dave ( cont ' d) let 's roll . as they leave , reanna check Dave out . int . megan S room - NI ght the study group consist of granola barry , chai n- smoking megan , and intellectual nerd phillip . a knock on the door and megan answer it . it 's Dave and Angela . angela hey . this be Dave . megan megan . they shake hand . megan ( go : a ) this be Barry and Phillip . dave who 's ready for some quasar ? int . slacker ' room - NI ght samis wear a nice shirt and slack and grab he key fromthe bookshelf . Jeff enter fromhis bedroom jeff where 's Dave ? SAM at some study group . jeff loser . where be you go all dress up ? SAM the hi! lea 's have a free all - you - can eat buffet . jeff knock yourself out . SAM later . he exit . Jeff |ook around for something to do . find nothing , he grab a porno magazine fromthe bookshel for and drop he pants . he sit on the couch thunbing through the magazine . 63 . he 's play wth himself when suddenly he stop . he pause for a moment , consi dering something . then , wth sone difficulty , he pull he leg up under himself into a familiar position : he 's sit indian style . int . megan S room - NI ght the group study . Dave be deathly bored . barry but puny do the mass square have to be connect to a integra in relation to the pressure of the gravitate matter ? angela it 's the only formul ation that hol ds for newtonian gravity and phi ll ! p forget all that . he 's not go to ask that . it 's all redshift for or mul ae . dave wich be , of course , the strongest argument for blow this all off and get sone pizza . barry wil maybe you be a expert in astrophysics , but we could use the study time . dave o.k. , you be right . but do not you think this class be go to be more about | ook at the star and appreciate they beauty than mathematical formulas and crap ? Barry and Phillip start chortlingiike complete dork . phi lli p no. angela | think what Dave 's say be that we can not lose sight of the big icture here . we have get a final in ess than a nonth . dave no , what I 'msay be who care about any of this ? 64 . phi lli p about a billion Al pha centauri and . he chortle again , and Barry high - fives he dave hey , guy . | hear the manager training programis really top notch over at Radio shack . megan hey , let 's take a break . | needa smoke . she pri nos out she cigarette and take out another one . Phillip and Barry continue the discussion in the corner . Dave and Angela step outside , into the hallway angela what be that all about ? dave oh , sorry . | just think sone people need to question authority a little nore . angela | forget . you be a rebel . dave everybody be just try to hey , no they place in the world . h fi Angela flinch ever so slightly and | ook into he eye . angela | could not agree nore . Dave | augh and |ook at Angela war my . she put she hand on hi 's shoulder . he enjoy the moment , then slowy return to usi ness . dave hey , I have get this friend ethan and he 's be try to get nme to volunteer at the soup ki tchen - - angela | know ethan . he be vol unt eeri no at the hospital . dave cool . wil , he 's always tell I to give back to the community . 65 . angela yeah , ethan 's really dedi cate . dave so , you and ethan be like what , dating or something ? angela no ! dave sorry . | just think . you know , he 's a good | ook guy , right ? angela | guess someone out there mis ght think so . Dave can see she 's hold back . dave what ? angela look. | know he 's you friend , but ... dave what ? | will not say anything . angela he just ... 1 | do not know . he creep I out alittle . | feel like hes stare at I all the time , but when | turn to look at he he look away . and not to mention the fact that he pgcel dent al | y* molest a old lady at the hospital . Dave becone indi gnant . dave yeah , well , ethan spend four year in a mental institution , so maybe you could cut hima little slack . angela qh my God ! I 'mso sorry . dave no , I 'mjust ki ddi no . angela you jerk ! she playfully punch he 66 . dave just try to keep you on you toe . angela what 's the big deal wth ethan anyway ? she | ook deep into he eye . dave hey , what can | say , | think the guy like you . angela qh , well tell himto pass nme a note in study hall . dave all right . I 'msorry | bring it up . I - - she kiss himon the lip . he 's catch conpl et el hao guard , but it 's a pleasant surprise . she pull away and have open be eye . dave {cont 's d) what be that for ? angela just try to keep you on you toe . Dave be still a little rattle . dave | think we better get back to the di scussi on . angela Dave , can | ask you a questi on ? dave sure . angela what 's with the shirt ? you | ook like ny dad . angel a | augh and walk back to the group . Dave | augh to himself then catch up . int . japanese restaurant entrance - NI ght Sam enter wth reanna . the mitre D greet they 67 . mai tre_d' table for two ? do you have a reservation ? Sam look over the reservation book and read the upside down nane . SAM fujitsu . right here . he point to the name . the maitre d' look himover , but Sam keep a straight face . int . japanese restaurant - NI ght Sam and reanna be enjoy a awkward silence when reanna break it . reanna so .... aml I what you expect ed ? Sam look up at she briefly . SAM | guess so . more silence . then , the waiter arrive wth they bottle of sake . sake ? SAM ( cont ' d ) ake ? reanna ok . Sam pour she cup full and they down it . reanna cri nge . reanna ( cont ' d) it 's warm SAM but it 's good , right ? reanna it 's disgusting . SAM I 'msorry . | guess it 's sort of a acquire taste . reanna |ook at sam dispirite face and fill up she cup again . she downs the shot . she shudder . for the first tine , Sam smile . reanna I 'mtry to acquire it . 68 . she start laugh , then samjoin in . seri es of shot : plates of food be deliver to they table : skewer of eel , another bottle of sake , sushi , sardine smelt , some beer , more sake , more sushi , suki yaki , more sake . DI ssolve to : int . japanese restaurant - NI ght later . reanna be stinking drunk and sam pleasantly toast himself . samstill have a big plate of beef suki yaki in front of he but have devoure most of it . SAM two word : independent Study . I be get eight credit this semester alone just for surfing the web and tell some cultural anthropol ogy grad student about it . reanna | augh . she 's have a great time . samdig in for another large spoonful and reanna be nesmeri zed . reanna be you go to finish the whole t hi no ? SAM can not ... let it ... beat I . bonzai ! she happily raise she sake glass and they down another pair of shot . int . party room - NI ght a party be raging . various student be danci not and drink . Sam and reanna be dance closely . reanna yell to Sam reanna | do not feel so good . let 's go lie down in the bedroom Sam smile . SAM uh , ok . they walk into the bedroom the two sit on the edge of the bed . samsnile smugly and put he arm around reanna . 69 . SAM ( cont ' d ) so , you be not feel well , huh ? reanna no , I 'mstart to feel better . | just need to tie dow . he look at she . she look at he Sam !ean in and kiss she . she |ook into he eye . then she kiss he back . a long passionate kiss . suddenly , a gurgle from reanna stomach . she pull back for a moment . SAM be you all right ? reanna yeah . he lean in to kiss she again . she smile . a burp . he pause . she smile again , a little embarrassed . he kiss she . then , reanna blows chunks . Sam pu quickly , but the prqectile vomt splashes he for freeze on SAM reanna , and the md- AIR vomt . dave ( v.0 . ) I have never have someone throw up in mouth before , but I be guess it 's a romance killer . kind of remind I of the time Jeff be do whi ppet all night long and ut he dick in the jiffy pop opcorn . man that shit be hot . but that 's some good corn . and there 's nothing more trippy than watch that foil expand on the stove . | remenber sophonore year , we woul d not even eat the popcorn . w'd just put batch after batch on we little hot plate , watch it go. ( beat ) qh , right . so anyway ... unfreeze . the vomit continue its voyage onto samwith a | oud squi sh . after the initial shock , samlook down on reanna , doubl ed over on the ground . samca not seemto find the right word for a situation like this . after a beat , SAM be you all right ? il back ace and mouth . she |ook up at he that be not the word . 70 . int . outside angela 's S room - NI ght Sam drop off reanna . she 's humiliate and look at the ground as she lean against the door . Sam open he mouth to say something , but no word come out . he shrug a apol ogy and walk away . reanna , Cal | moral ting after he she open the door and fall into the room int . slacker ' room - NI ght Jeff be sit on the couch indian style , read " Inside the CIA . " samenter . jeff how be the food ? you get enough to eat ? int . slacker ' room - day the next day . Jeff be at the computer . qnscreen , he 's create a sheet of domino pizza coupon : " two large pizza , $ 10.99 " . Sam pass by and see he handi work . SAM make it nine ninety - nine . jeff do not get greedy , fuckhead . SAM what ever . Dave enter the conmon roomfromhis bedroom he grab he coat . SAM ( cont ' d) S ' up . dave S ' up . SAM where you head ? dave meeting the weasel . SAM cool. |' mgo that way . he grab he coat and exit wth Dave who raise a eyebrow at he unusual decision to leave the room 71 . ext . campus - day the two walk across the courtyard of they dorm building , past busy student in bet ween cl ass . SAM how d the study group go ? dave that Angela . she 's very ... SAM hot ? dave | be go to say " interesting " . but she 's hot too . Sam | ower he voice . Sam confi SAM let I ask you something . dave ok . SAM have you ever have a seri ous relationship bef ore ? dave | do not know . | guess not . | mean , it 's mostly hook - up and short - term stuff . SAM so you have never be in love bef ore ? dave how the hel ! should | know ? what aml , M. Men be from fucki no Mars ? what 's wth the twenty questi on ? des in Dave . SAM | go out wth this girl last night . she 's Angela 's roonmete . reanna . dave no shit . you go out wth reanna ? that 's great ! why do not you say somet hi no ? 72 . SAM | do not _think |umgoing to see she again . the date do not go too well . dave dude , let I give you a little advice . there 's two kind of regret in this world , for thing you do but wish you have not do , and for thing you_wsh you would have the nerve to try . the second kind of regret be far more painful . SAM ok . Lao tzu . what 's the relevance ? dave you should see this girl again . gve it another shot . remember the motto of the Connecticut State lottery : " you can not wnif you do not play " . SAM | do not think so . dave why not ? SAM it 's just not that important to I . dave ri ght . SAM seri ousl y. dave ok . whatever . a awkward sil ence . dave ( cont ' d) be there something else you want to talk about ? SAM yeah , | guess so . dave wil ... SAM | do not think you should keep see angel a. 73 . dave I 'mnot " see " Angela . Dave be a little embarrassed . he 's avoid eye contact . dave ( cont ' d ) | mean , she 's really sharp . | like that . and she 's get the great laugh . but go out wth Angela would be too ... what would you say ? seri ous . SAM good . because if you start like this girl , then this ethan planis poi no to seriously fuck thing up . " 's go to turn we in . dave no he 's not . it 's under control . Sam stop wal ki no . SAM it 's not under control . this guy see you in the classroom he see I after the test . and he 's get you name and phone nunber on the goddam the test to prove it . dave I be sorry . SAM ethan can get we kick out of school at any time . he be a serious threat . maybe you do not have anything to lose . but | do . | need to graduate and | need to get into law school . | can not afford to stay in college forever , Dave . and | do not want to either . dave so what do you want I to do ? SAM | want you to stick to the fuck pl a . Sam storm off in the other direction . Dave be puzzle by the exchange . int . library - day ami d the university stack , ethan and Dave talk in a study carrel . 74 . dave | talk to she . she think you be a fucki no loon . she say you mm est some old lady . ethan that lady be a professional whore ! dave easy there , partner . look . all 's I 'msay be you have get to doa better job at this volunteer crap if you want to get in wth she . and try to be a little more sensi tive . Dave pull a snicker bar out of he pocket and start to eat it . ethan stare at he ethan | know you guy think I be sone kind of nut case for try to get Angela to like I . Dave put down the snicker bar . dave no , we think you be a nut job because you be blackmail we to get Angela to like you . ethan not ed . dave how do you even know if this girl be right for you ? ethan | just do . dave let I ask you a question . be you just try to sleep wth Angela , or do you want to make she fall in love wth you ? ethan wil , | really want she to fall in love wth I , but I would definitely settle for sleep wth she . dave wl you know what ? that 's not go to work . you have to choose . 75 . ethan Fine . | want she to fall in love wth be . dave so , you be ready to commit yourself to this girl for the rest of you life ? ethan sure . dave remenber the bus scene in " the g@ aduat e " ? ethan yeah , he 's swnging the cross and they get on the bus . dave yeah , right . hey be sit there in the back of the bus all pump up and excited because they just run off together . so Nichols be let the filmrun out on the camera or something and he tell Dustin hoffman and Catherine Ross to cut . so they stop act . they just sit there . they 's be not sm li no any nore . TI ey. be just tired T guess from act all day . turn out , Nichols keep it in the film he love they ironic expression like , " what the hell do we just do ? " ethan ok . so ? dave so ? so j ust make sure that when this girl fall in love wth you , you be not sit on the bus wonder " what the hell do | just do ? " . ethan contenpl ate the suggestion . ext . sci ence hill - day Dave and Angela walk down science hill towards the campus bus dave | think it 's great you know what you want to be . they arri 76 . angela I have always want to be a doctor . | know it 's sound stupid , but | guess | just like help people . dave it do not sound stupid . angela ww momwa a doctor . she die when | be el even . dave I be sorry . angela it 's ok . m dad marry ny step - mom freshman year in college . dave you step-nom .. angela she 's a little strange , but even she volunteer at the ymca , so you could say hel ping people run in the fanily . dave wait . you step - mom volunteer at the ymca ? angela yeah , she help out wth the boy swmteam why ? dave qh , nothing . have at the bus stop . angela what about you ? " what do you want to be when you grow up " ? dave | do not know . | always tell people | wsh | could just stay in college forever . angela wil , if you do not start study for the astro final , you might get you chance . the bus arrive . Angela step on , follow by dave. 77 . int . campus bus - day they take a seat and the bus start head across campus . as the sun begin to set over the campus , Dave and Angela enj oy the view out the window . then , angela ching ped . dave Excuse I ? angela ching ped . dave who 's ching ped ? angela wren | be a little girl , | use to think that the chinese build the road in America -- someone must have tell I the chinese build the railroad and | guess | get confuse . when the chi nese worker finish pave the road , they would wite " ching ped " on it in big white letter , in honor of who | assume be they emperor or something : " ching ped . " Dave look out the wndow and see the road mark " xing dave pedestrian cross . ching ped. | get it . she | augh . angela | must have be about sixteen when | realize it be not in chi nese . Dave look into she eye . he 's mesmerize . dave you be a very unusual girl . he can not take he eye off of she . ext . MAIN quad - ni ght Dave and Angela be walk across the main canpus . 78 . dave | want you to meet ny roonmete . do you mind stop by ny roon ? angela no probl they int . slacker ' room - NI ght Dave enter with angel a. dave this be Sam and that over there be Jeff . Angela . samis read a archie comic book and down a jar of baco . Jeff be at the computer . SAM hey . jeff S ' up . angela Nice to meet you . SAM Dave , you mod if | talk to you for a second in private ? dave hang out a sec . Dave walk into he bedroom Sam fol ! ow . dave ' S room Sam grab Dave 's arm SAM what be you doi no ? dave what ? SAM dude , you be like fuck Alfred invite Vicki vale back to the bat cave . dave chill out . she 's cool . SAM | think you be take this a little too far . 79 . dave | want you to meet she . you will see it 's under control . SAM mw spi dey - sense be tell I this be go to backfire . dave ok , M. negative man. comvon room angel a walk over to Jeff , who be feed some page through a scanner . next to himis a stack of assort fake coupon . angela what be you do ? jeff scanni no . angela o.k. , what be you scan ? dave ( 0.s. ) Jeff tend to be somewhat of a borrower . Dave and Sam have return . Jeff turn to they | ook for a signal . dave angel a 's cool . she 's not go to rat you out . angel a | ower she voice . angela no . no , of course not . she 's suddenly very interested in the conspiracy . angela ( cont ' d) what 's go on ? dave he borrow other people 's papers and copy they Angela take a step back in surprise . samis very unconf ortable wth this revel ation . angela you be kid I . do not the professor see the simlarity ? 80 . Jeff look at Dave who subtly nod . Jeff acqui esce . jeff look , you think a t.a. would notice if he read two identical papers out of a hundred ? angela yes . jeff what be the odd ? angela | do not know . ninety percent ? jeff so you be admit that _ten percent of the time the t.a 's not gol no to notice . and you also have of factor in the possibility of different t.a 's read the papers , or maybe nobody read the papers at all and they just throw they down the staircase to grade ‘em angela ok . jeff and now , what if you take four different papers and cut and paste paragraph fromthemto make a new ori gi nal paper ? what be the odd n? the angela | do not know . dave exactly . angela when 's it due ? jeff half hour . angel a show a little moral indignation . angela so you guy be a bunch of cheat er ? 81 . dave let 's just say rule be make to be circunvent ed . Dave chuckle to himself . dave ( cont ' d) remenber the time you get a extension on you term paper because of ramadan ? sam still uneasy . SAM yeah . | remenber . dave but the fasting be not really worth it . angela and you guy never go to class ? jeff | go to a African american Studies class once . angel a walk over to the blind and open they she | ook out the window . angela you do not go outside much , do you ? SAM if outside 's so great , why would they invent inside ? angela expl ain something to I . if you never go to class , how can you possi bly do well ? SAM I have get a 3.8 gpa . jeff Three seven five . angel a | ook to Dave , but he shrug . dave do not look at I . angela be not there something wrong about all this ? 82 . jeff you think five year from now you boss at " gobal com Corp " be gonna care whether you give he you report or you give hima report ? fuck no . all he care about be that the fuck report be right so he can take he dam wife to the hampton for the weekend to get the bitch off he back . SAM tor 's get some read to get back oo . dave w're head out to dinner anyway . you guy want to join ? jeff no. Paper . remenber ? SAM get I a cheesesteak at bull dog . he hold out a twenty dollar bill and return to he conic book : Dave roll he eye , snatch it , then leave wth ngel a . int . dine hall - night angel a and Dave be eat they dinner . angelais still a little shocked . angela it 's like a whole underground culture . dave | guess you could say that . angela | never know that kind of people exist . | mean , it never even occur to I to cheat . wil , actually , once , in junior high , the teacher leave the room during a science test . | remenber tomy mel deau take out a cheat sheet and pass it to I . as soon as | realize what it be | turn bright red and pass it on . dave you be not exactly cut out for that lifestyle . you have to have a high level of confidence . 83 . angela I be confi dent . dave | know . you be . | guess what I be sayi ngi be you have to |ook at the way thing be do in life and say , '' my way 's better " . not many peopl be willing to go out on hat limb . angela so you be a cheater too ? dave no. wii , I be not go to lie to you . I have skirt the rule once or twice . it 's hard not to wth that two guy as you roonmate . angela and you really want to stay in college forever ? dave samis go to | aw school next year and Jeff 's interview to be a investment banker . | know what 's wait for I out there . wrking fourteen hour day and bei no too tired to go out when you get hone . ( beat ) date . bar . complain that it 's so hard to meet people . angela it do not have to be like that . dave maybe not . but at least | have the foresight to enj oy college while I 'mstill init . look at my life . | wake up when | want to . hardly even know what day of the week it be . I have get friend everywhere , fun around the corner , and all in a intellectual environment . fun , smart people as far as the eye can see . angela hey if you think sit around all day dri nki no beer be paradise , then maybe we should just agree to di sagree . 84 . dave that 's not it . it 's not about drink or party . it 's about be surround by you fri end . it 's about camaraderie . angela but what about | earning and | commit to something and see it through to the end ? no answer . angela ( cont ' d) do not you ever want to accomplish anyt hi no ? Dave put down he fork . dave yes. | do . some day . angela good . | do not knowif | could ever fall for a slacker . she bl ush slight ! y as she | ook into Dave 's eye . Dave be entrance . he can not take he eye off of she . after a monent , he break free . dave listen , Angela . about the other no ght . angela Wii ch _ no ght ? dave when you kiss I . angela yeah ? what about it ? Dave be tear . he hesitates . finally , dave I 'mjust not ready for anything serious . ok ? she pul ls back slightly before she can begin feign indit ference . angela hey . that 's fine . whatever . 85 . ext . MAIN quad - day it 's get colder on this | eat November day . student fi ght the wnd bundle in they heavy coat and scarve . int . hospital - geriatric ward - day ethan walk through the hall way with Angela . noti ceabl y irl endl ier , she point out some of the medical equi pment to a . ext . post office - day Jeff be lean against the wall of mail box wait for samto get he mail . samclose he box and turn around quickly , bump into reanna head towards she box . it 's a awkward moment as the two try to avoid eye contact . SAM hey . what 's up ? reanna not much . SAM so. I have be really busy . reanna yeah . m too . SAM | should call you . reanna geat. geat. SAM yeah . wil ... reanna good see you . SAM yeah . Sam squeeze by she and continue down the hallway with Jeff . jeff chi ck . but samis still embarrassed by the awkwardness of the situation . 86 . int . megan S room - NI ght the study group . while Barry and Phillip debate some esoteric oi not , Angela |ook over and catch Dave glance at she . have break eye contact and turn a little red . Angela smile . int . soup KI tchen - day ethan and Angela _are behind the counter li adling out soup to the hungry less . ethan hey , Angela . | be wonder if | could ask for some advice . angela all right . ethan it 's about ny girlfriend . St ephani e . angela yeah ? ethan we have be together for a long time , but she 's up in Boston . she go to school there . angela so what 's the probl en ? ethan wil , | just feel like we be drift apart . do you think it 's normal for a couple to drift apart like that just because they be | ong - di st ance ? angela wil , no . | mean , if you guy be conmtted to each other , you be go to make it . distance make it harder , but you can over cone that obstacle . en you drift apart , I 'mafraid it 's because there 's not enough there keepi no you together . ethan yeah , that 's what | think . homeless guy dunp the bitch . the horel she put ethan smi 87 . angela all right . thank you for you unsolicite opi no on . ethan I be " keep it real " , man . ess guy move on . angela I be sorry . she hand on he . angela ( cont ' d ) | have something | want to ask you . ethan sure . anything . angela it 's about this guy |' have become friend wth . he 's a friend of yours . les smugly . ethan Real | y? angela he 's a little strange , but | really like he ethan @ on . angela w're so different . but he 's confident and spontaneous . | can tell he like I , no matter what he say . so what do you think ? should | keep press hin ? find out what 's hol ding he back ? ethan definitely . angela Real | y? ethan he 's probably just a little shy . he smile coyly , revealing he gruesome feature . she | ook into he eye . 88. angela thanks , et han . ethan so , do you want to get together toni ght for dinner ? angela no , |umgoing out wth Dave . | think i| 'mgorng to tell he how | feel . Dave ? ethan have ? angela yeah . you friend . the guy I have be talk about . ethan try to control he rage , but he 's turn bright red . ethan qh , right . Dave . Nice guy . good luck . he scoops sone mashed potato onto another hoveless guy 's tray . but ethan 's in a trance . DI ssolve to : int . ethan S fantasy chamber - NI ght Dave be shackle to the dungeon wall . he 's be beat . ethan walk over to he ethan " ethan 's not cool . " " he 's not one of we . " " he be think about | you . " " Real lyon " no ! " now you can watch I make | ove to you girlfriend . Dave try to speak , but he do not have the strength . ethan walk across the room where Angela be tie to a bed , wear only she bra and panty . ethan glide over to she . he grab a sponge fromthe small tub next to the bed . ethan ( cont ' d) now it 's time for you sponge bath . angela that 's right . I 'mso dirty . he begin spong she stomach , while inhale she hair . ethan you like this ? 89 . angela qh , yes . ethan lower ? angela lower . oh , yes . right there . as ethan 's hand move below the equator , ethan 's face reflect pure ecstasy . angela ( cont ' d) do it feel good ? ethan be in heaven . angela ( cont ' d) do it feel good ? ethan be still in complete joy . man ' S voce do it feel good ? ethan look up at she , confuse . CUT to . int . soup KI tchen - day a burly hoveless man be stare at ethan . burly hoveless man do it feel good ? ethan | ook down at he hand . they be wist - deep in the cream spi nach . angela what be you doi no ? enbarrass , ethan pull he hand out of the spinach and scoops sore onto the burly man 's plate . burly hoveless man I 'mnot eat that , you fuck retard ! et han explode . ethan do not call be that ! he tip the plate over onto the man , cli mb over the food counter , and lunge at he 90 . the cadre of homeless people respond in force . the burly man throw ethan off of him_and the other homeless start beati no ethan senseless . one old lady keep yell , " kick himin the nad ! kick himin the nad ! " Angela try to break it up , but it 's no use . int . sem nar room - day Dave 's rarely attend philosophy seminar . about twenty student sit around a conference table head by a young professor schm dtz . Dave be zone out . phi losophy student but | think what hegel be say be that man create art to achi eve permanence in a otherwise epheneral world . professor schm dtz good , josh . so then , would art , like procreation itself , be a effort to touch the divine ? Dave , good to see you this evening . what do you thi no ? Dave snap out of he trance . dave huh ? professor schm dtz qh , I 'msorry if we be boring you . W be compare art to rocreation . do you have anything of add to the di scussi on ? Dave struggle to think of something . finally , dave no. | guess not . professor schm dtz anyone else ? a bunch of hand go up . int . slacker ' room - NI ght Dave rush into the room where samis wait for he Dave start | ook around for something . SAM where have you be ? dave around . why ? what 's up ? 91 . SAM | need to talk to you . dave not now . I 'mlate . SAM be be you go ? dave qut . wth Angela . Dave avoid eye contact wth Sam and pick up a blanket off the couch . SAM | think you be not see she . dave I 'mnot . | do not know . | like she , all right . be there anything wrong with that ? Dave grab a bottle of wine and two glass . SAM but we talk about this ... Dave turn to Sam dave look , man . what 's you probl en ? maybe | amready for something more substantial . | mean why am| turn this girl away ? she 's sharp , funny , beautiful . this could be something really ... important . |' msorry , but | can not just let that pass I by . SAM do not you get it ? do | have to spell this out for you ? it 's we or it 's she . you have to choose . you can not have it both way . dave what ever . Dave turn to leave . Sam grab he shoul der . SAM just do not do something you will live to regret . Dave look samin the eye for a moment . be that a threat ? Dave exit . 92. Sam walk into he bedroom where ethan be wait in the shadow for he ethan so it look like we have a mutual probl they we would both like to solve . int . rickety stai rcase - NI ght the two be climb a cobweb - fill staircase that | ook like it have not be use in year . dave w're almost there . here , take ny hand . Dave push open the ancient door to reveal a rooftop . ext . rooftop - NI ght they step up onto the roof . Angela |ook around . it 's a beautiful panoramic view of the small city . but more — important ! y. the gothic rooftop be crown by a amazing starry night . Dave carry a blanket . Angela look up at the star . angela it 's amazing . Dave spread out the blanket . dave core over here and sit down . Angela |ook at Dave wth a twnkle in she eye . DI ssolve to : ext . rooftop - NI ght the two be drink wne and sit on the blanket . dave you be a pretty good kid grow up . angela how do you know that ? dave | can tell . you be not the rebellious type . 93. angela | guess that 's true . | never really have a fundarental distrust of authority like you . dave the revolution wll not be Tel evi sed . angela you see ? you can not even have a seri ous conver sati on . Dave | augh , then Angela j oin in . dave }m sorry : you be right . | just feel really confortable around you . Angela be pleasantly surprised . she | ook at he and he smile . she lean in and kiss he a soft romantic kiss . Dave pull back for a second and | ook into Angela 's eye . dave ( cont ' d) angel a ... angela | know . you be not ready for this . wi ! , you know what ? | think you be lie to I . he consider one last time , then succumb to the nonment and kiss she . while kissing , Dave gently | ower she down onto the bl anket . int . dine hall - day Dave be eat he |unch when ethan show up and sit down . dave you be late . ethan | be at a interview . dave for what ? ethan a investment bank in New York . St ockt on upri ght . dave you be ki ddi no ? roommate Jeff be interview there . 94 . ethan wii | hope he get hit by a bus , because | really need that j ob . dave Real nice . ethan I have be on twenty interview and they be ny last shot . dave whatever . let 's get down to busi ness . ethan ok . |' mready for step 12 - a . I be go to tell she | break up wth ry girlfriend and I amin love wth er . Dave be unnerve . dave do not you think it 's too soon ? ethan vw ' have become friend . it 's be like four week . dave good . that 's good . ethan | tell you , I 'mready . dave be you sure you want to go through wth this ? ethan stare at Dave coldly . ethan I 'msure . be you ? Dave stand up and circle the table . he weigh he choice . dave ok . look . when you tell she , she 's gonna freak out . that 's a good sign . you have get to tell she then get out of there . just walk away . this be not the end gare . this be just the beginning . let she sinmer . ( more ) 95 . dave ( cont would ) you be go to have to work on she day and night afterwards . so after you tell she , just get the hell away fromher for a while . ethan can do . Dave be tear . dave g@eat . ethan get up to leave . om the way out , ethan wsh be luck . dave yeah , right . int . campus pub - day Dave be read a astronony text book and drink a beer this dark campus tavern . samenter with a sheet of SAM dude , | ' have be | ook for you . dave what 's up ? SAM take a look at my essay . Dave look it over quickly . dave you never fuck work at the soup kitchen .... q read latino poetry to disabled child . SAM and ? dave you can not fuck wite this shit . SAM you think Harvard 's gonna run a background check ? dave no . it 's just . | do not know . 96 . SAM look. |' mask you one sinple question . be this essay gol no to et I into the Harvard fuck aw School . | do not want to know the legal or ethical implication of bend the truth . and | do not care what happen when a fuck butterfly flap he wng in Mexico . just tell I be the essay any good . dave yeah . it 's good . SAM thank you . Sam snatch the paper back . Dave stand up , downs the | ast of he beer , then exit the bar . samis irritate . int . angela 's S room - NI ght angel a be study , when there 's a knock at the door . she open it they sit to reveal ethan . ethan Angela , there 's something | want to discuss wth you . angela core on in . down on the couch . angela ( cont ' d) be it about you girlfriend ? you two break up . ethan wil , yes . sort of. {beat ) look . there never be a girlfriend in Boston . angela what ? ethan | make it up because it make it easier to become friend wth you . angela you do what ? 97 . ethan Stephanie never exist . | just think it would be easier to get close to you if | seem less ... threat eni no . angela why would you lie to I ? what possi ble reason would you have to make up something like that ? ethan | do not know . |' msorry . but there 's something else | have to tell you . angela let I guess , you name 's not really ethan . you be wth the CIA and you be on a dangerous mission . ethan no . I 'mfall in love wth you . Angela be visibly shake . angela what ? ethan turn to she and take she hand . ethan | love you . angel a walk away and start pace . angela but we hardly even know each other . | mean , it 's crazy . ethan | know . | do not expect this to happen , but it do . | want to be wi you . | want you to love I . he pull out of he pocket a small doll . closer inspection , the doll appear to be make entirely out of human air . ethan ( cont ' d) here. | make this for you . | make it fromthe piece of hair you shed in history class . she reluctantly take the doll and look it over . slightly revolt , she put it down on the table . 98 . angela ethan . |-- this be crazy . I - - do not know what to say . ethan say that you love nme too . angela but | do not even know you . | do not even know you favorite color . ethan burnt si enna . angela ok wi ... ethan Angela , | know we can be a great couple together . | know that one day you will feel the same way about I as | do about you . angela et han ... ethan | do not expect you to understand . but | want you to think about it . | do not want this to happen . it just do . I 'msorry . he get up to leave . Angela be frustrated and enbarr ass , but she 's try to be conpassi onate . angela ethan , wait . ethan look back for a second , then | eave . Angela sit there a monent , freak out by what just happen . she let out a small scream and grab she coat . int . dave ' S bedroom - NI ght Angela enter Dave 's bedroom Dave be half asleep and throw on a t-shirt before sit wth Angela on the edge of the ed . angela ethan tell I he love I . dave what ? angela he tell I he love not . 99 . dave what do you say ? angela not hi no . Dave rub he eye . dave wil , what do you want to do ? she | ook down . angela what do you want I to do ? Dave fight he urge to tell she the truth . finally , dave it 's not my call . angela yeah , that 's what | think . dave what do you want I to say ? she start tear up . angela tell I that you love I and that you can not live wthout I . tell I that the other night mean something to you . he look into she eye . dave but he can not say it . dave {cont 's d ) | do not know wnat to tell you , angel a. angela | guess you be not very bright after all . she get up to | eave . dave be be you go ? 100 . angela | " m go hore . you know what ? you be right . this be my decision and | do not know why | think you might want to be a part of it . dave angel a. angela | come here because | think you be special and ethan be just a loser wth a crush on I . but now | see that you be the loser . int . sem nar room - day another seminar , another group of student . professor taft moderate the discussion . student # 2 but cyrano would not fight for the woman he love . that 's why it 's a tragedy . professor taft good . but what be cyrano 's tragic fl aw ? student # 3 he be afraid . he be a coward . dave what the hell be he suppose to do ? Risk everything for a woman ? and there 's no guarantee that when they ride off into the sunset there 's not a big fuck cliff on the other side . shock , everyone stare at Dave . professor taft Nice to see you in class , Dave . but | think what rostand be say be that the potential reward be worth the risk and only by recogni zing that fact could cyrano truly become the man he al way want to be . this word strike a chord wth Dave . he reel back as the discussion continue . he just sit there , think it over , then he spring to life . Professor taft watch silently as Dave pick up he bookbag and exit . 101 . int . student uni on - NI ght Sam and Jeff be play foosball . Dave enter . SAM where the hell have you be al ! day ? dave Cass . jeff you cl ass ? dave yeah . SAM it 's a strange way to deal wth the fuck situation . dave | know . he let out a small scream of frustration . dave ( cont d ) | fuck this whole thing up . SAM that 's a understatenent . jeff dude , you should not have sleep wth she . you make it personal . dave that 's not wnat |'mtalk about , ou idiot . | fuck up because | et she get away . SAM so let she go . dave to he ? let she go to that psychopat h? jeff | guess you plan work after all . dave no . I have get to get she back before it 's too late . SAM it 's already too late . 102 . dave bullshit . | do this and | can undo this . SAM Dave , wait . dave Sam | have to do this . and he 's go . Jeff look at Sam di sapprovi nal y. jeff you should have tell he Sam forcefully slam the foosball into Jeff 's goal . int . outside angela 's S room - NI ght Dave knock on the door . reanna open the door and walk away . reanna this '| i| be interesting . Dave enter . int . angela 's S room - NI ght reanna angel a . someone here to see you . after a beat , Angela come out of she bedroom angela Dave . what be you do here ? dave | want to talk to you . about et han . angela | do not have anything to say to you . dave what 's go on ? what do he tell you ? she pick up sone papers fromthe coffee table . Angela start cry . angela how could you ? dave how could | what ? 103 . he take the papers . fhey 's be she e-mail file that he and Sam have be go through . l ust ed you , | think you | do . honest . dave who give you that document ? angela it do not matter . then , ethan come out of Angela 's bedroom ethan angel a ? Dave go crazy . dave you be wth hi nm ?! ? angel a pause ever so slightly as the implication set in and she response be formul ated . angela yes . he love I . he 's be honest wth I . he 's not afraid of be honest about he feeling . of be vulnerable . Dave | augh . dave | tell himwhat to do . everything he say , everything he do , it be because of I . angela he tell I about you |i tt le plan . at least he have the gut to tell I the truth . dave yohop kid I ? this guy 's a psyc opath . the only reason you even gtve himthe time of day be because of I . 104 . ethan | think you would better | eave . dave you fuck dick ! Dave take a swng at he ethan go down . Angela rush over to ethan . angela get out ! now Angela start push he out the door . dave what about the fun we have ? what about find we place in the wor ! d? astronony class . angela you re not even in that CLASS ! she slam the door in he face . qutsi do angela 's S room Dave just stand there . he do not know what j ust happen . he stare at the door for a nmorment longer , then turn to leave . the door open and Dave turn back . it 's ethan . ethan nicely do . | do not know about the black eye , but she seem to like it . wl , gotta go . he start to close the door when Dave grab he armfirmy . dave do you love she ? ethan what ? Dave shake he dave do you love she ? ethan look at Dave 's grip on he then at Dave . he smile wi ckedl y. ethan | do toni ght . Dave release ethan and he disappear behind the door . Dave sink he head | ow and walk out of the dorm building . 105 . ext . outside angela 's S dorm - NI ght qut side , Dave stop for a moment and | ook up at Angela 's window . there , he see a silhouette of Angela and ethan enbr aci no . he turn back and head hore , he anger overtake he int . angela 's S room - NI ght ethan be embrace Angela . annoy , she shove he away . angela get off of I . ethan sorry . | be just try to help you get through this . to be there or you . Angela soften and take he hand . angela I 'msorry . |' mjust -- | do not know . this whole thing ... ethan do you want I to stay wth you ? angela no , | think I would better just be alone tonight . but thanks . she hug he behind she back , ethan smile devilishly . int . SAM S bedroom - NI ght Dave enter sam bedroom and flip on the ti ont | Dave 's be drink and look dishevel . Sam awaken slow y. SAM what be it ? dave how could you stab I in the back like that ? Sam get up out of bed . SAM | be protect we , Dave . this guy be go to turn we in . us. of we . dave that 's bullshit . you fuck be over . 106 . SAM and you fuck we both over for for some cheap lay . you be the one who put a girl above we friendship . you could not even follow you own plan . dave be that what this be about ? | stray fromthe almighty plan so ou have to teach I a | esson . || , you know wnat , you phil osophy for life suck . SAM this be not about you betray we principle , Dave . it 's about you sell we out for a girl . dave ok . | get it . now ! see what this be really about . SAM what 's that ? dave you be jealous . you sit inthis room every day . you do not go outside , you fuck pay Jeff and I to bri no you you lunch , and you be fuck jealous that | meet a girl and fall in love . SAM fell in love . what a joke . Dave shove Sam and he fall backward into he bookshelf . Sam push Dave back and he fall to the ground . Dave get up . SAM ( cont ' d) you be such a good liar , you be start to believe you ow bull shit . dave | do not know what 's nore pathetic , you be jealous of I get a qi rl , or you be j eal ous of ngela for take I away from you . and he storm out , past Jeff , now stand in sam doorway . 107 . SAM what be you | ook at ? eat what be | suppose to do ? | have no fuck choice . Jeff look at he disbely , then walk away . int . lecture hall - day Dave be spying on Angela and ethan in they history class , sit several row behind and to the side of they Angela be take note and she tongue sl ow y start to peek out of the corner of she mouth . Dave be fill wth anguish . int . post office - day Dave be pi cki no up he mail fromhis box . qn the way out of the building , he stop at the March of dime gumbal ! l machine and put in a quarter . he turn the handle . nothing . Dave fiddle wth the handle . still nothing . he become i ncr easi nal y agitate , shaking the machine violently . still no gunball . he control himself . he begin to walk away . he 's cal m now . Dave lose it . he run back to the gunmball machine wth a sudden rage , and smack the machine wth he fist , tipping the whole thing over . the gl ass smashes to the ground , spilling gumball al ! over the floor . full acify , Dave reach down and pick up a gumball . he can y wipe it off on he shirt , then put 1t into he mouth . satisfied , he turn around to see a crow of onlockers stare at he they be aghast . Dave be the proverbial deer in the headlight . dave uh ... before he can fashion any sort of explanation , the crowd part down the middle to reveal a MARCH of dime nurse wheeling a handicapped child . she hold a key to the machine , gumball refill , and a plastic cup fill wth quarter . the child |ook at Dave wth a tear in he eye . int . planetari um - NI ght Dave sit in the back row of the mostly enpty university planetarium the constellation be depict on the ceiling . 108 . narrator ( .. S. ) sirius , in the geat Dog constellation , be the brightest star in the night sky ... Dave stare up at the faux star . ext . MAIN quad - ni ght Dave walk across the campus . it 's start to snow . ext . rooftop - NI ght the rooftop be cover wth a fresh blanket of snow , marre only by one set of footprint . at the end of the trail , Dave sit on the ledge , drink a beer and | ook up at the star . Jeff enter fromthe staircase and walk over to he dave what do you want ? jeff just look for a free beer . Jeff grab a beer from Dave 's stash and open it . he take a rink . jeff ( cont would ) six more month . dave and ? jeff g@ aduati on . dave yeah . jeff | never think it would end . dave wii at least you know what you be do next year . jeff you think I be ! ook forward to be a investment banker ? work a hundred hour a week ? dave what about you six figure salary ? 109 . jeff yeah . ( drink agai n) what time be it ? dave uh , four twenty . jeff think we be ever goi no to drink beer in the snow at four twenty in the morning again ? dave | do not know . Jeff finish the beer and grab another one . he open it and take a drink . jeff maybe you be right about Sam dave maybe ? jeff how be he suppose to know you be serious about this girl ? dave he could have ask . jeff | think he do . Dave null it over , then concede the point . dave now | lose she . to that weasel . jeff you can get she back . dave how ? Jeff look at Dave knowingly . int . angela 's S room - NI ght Angela be pace the room angela you lie to I . do not you ever consider the people you hurt ? all the lie , cheating , and steal . 110 . dave but we have so nuch in conmon . angela like how we both get lose in the shopping mall when we be little ? dave ok . that be a small fabrication on ny part . angela this be all a game to you . I be like some cracker jack prize that you be try town . it 's all about you and you little friend figure out some new way to beat the system dave Angela , no . | mean , it be about that . at first . but | fall for you . angela you can not even say the word . you think this be some sort of | ogi cal puzzle , something to be figure out . you have never open up to not . be really honest about you feeling . dave I be be honest now . angela how can_| believe anything you say to I ? Real relationship be base on trust . when you viol eat that trust , there 's nothing leave to say . dave angel a. angela good bye . Dave look at she again , then | eave . int . bulldog pizza - NI ght the counter guy be take a student 's order as Dave enter the restaurant . counter guy let tut h? 111 . Dave cross to the table where samis eat a sub . SAM do not go well ? dave she say she do not trust I any more . SAM wii , you be a know liar . Jeff enter wth a bookbag . samnod hello to he dave thanks . SAM look , man . it 's obvious . the reason you like to lie to people be because be honest mean be vul ner abl e. dave what ? wii , what about you ? do ou ever consider that all this ittle scheme be really just a substitute for human interaction because you be afraid of rej ection ? SAM wow . have you be work on that ? Jeff be get off on this . jeff what about I ? why do ! like to go into this dangerous situation and steal stuff ? SAM because you be fuck crazy . jeff qh , yeah . ri ght . the three guy | augh and share the norent . SAM look . he search for the word . SAM ( cont ' d) I be sorry . 112. dave yeah . m too . they |ook at each other again , then shake hand . jeff all right , you two . get a room SAM how nuch do you like this girl ? dave a lot . ( beat ) ahhh , this be never go to work . SAM consider this the ultimate challenge . the cul mnation of we college career . wn back Angela and fuck over ethan at the sane time , without get we kick out of school and ruin we life . ( to Jeff ) you bring ethan 's file ? jeff of course . Jeff open he bookbag and pull out several file folder fill wth papers . Dave |ook surprised , then piece it together and smile . freeze on the three guy . dave ( v.o . but wait , you say . wd we get ethan 's document ? all ow I to refresh you menvry . int . dine hall - day the scene where Sam and Dave meet ethan over corn beef hash . ethan he like the people food . SAM fuck you . freeze on table . pan over to the enpty seat next to Sam dave ( v.0 . ) be 's Jeff ? super a NFL pl aybook - style white line circle the empty seat . 113. int . ethan S room - day Jeff be burgle ethan 's room copying computer file and snooping around the drawer . dave ( V. 0 . ) Jeff have it right . sometimes it be easier to just ice the guy . he spot a piece of gum unwrap it and pop it into he mouth . he check the computer 's progress . ick up a frame picture of ethan 's ugly mother ( wth the genetically rotesque smile ) and look it over . he wince and put it own . int . bulldog pi zza - NI ght still frozen on the three guy . dave ( V. 0 . ) it be time to put we god - gi ven gift to use . unfreeze the guy . dave ok . let 's do it . so , any suggesti on ? jeff here 's what we do . a - team montage ( under " a - team there " ) : - Dave flip down a welding mask , then take a welding torch to he car , remove the roof . - Jeff duct tape extra clip to a m60 machine gun . - Sam stand in front of a architectural scale model of the University , conplete wth little p! astic people , tree , etc . wth a pointer , he explain the plan to Jeff and Dave . - Jeff fasten grenade , knife , throw star , and other weaponry to he camouf ! age fati gue . - Dave weld the machine gun onto the car . - the a- team theme stop suddenl y . end montage . int . bulldog pi zza - NI ght back to the scene . Jeff smile , wait for approval . Dave and Sam stare at himlike he 's crazy . 114 . SAM wii you stop waste we fuck time wth that shit . Sam walk off . Dave pat Jeff on the back . dave | think it be a good idea . int . stockton upri ght - MAIN reception - day Jeff enter this stuffy New York brokerage house wear a ups j umpsuit and carry a flat box . recepti oni ST can | help you ? jeff mail room recepti oni ST you be suppose to use the service entrance . jeff sorry , | have to use the j ohn . recepti oni ST around the corner . Jeff proceed around the corner and enter the men' room int . stockton upri ght - men S room - day Jeff enter a stall and take off he jumpsuit , revealing a business suit and tie underneath . he open the box and take out a briefcase . he tuck the jumpsuit into the briefcase and walk out of the stall . int . stockton upri ght - hallway - day Jeff walk down the hallway by unsuspecting secretary and | nvestment banker . he arrive at the mai L room it 's bustling wth dozen of mail room guy sorting nail , send and receive fax , and answer phone call . the supervisor see Jeff . supervi sor can | help you ? jeff ( English accent ) bl okenore . Nigel bl okenvre from the London office . 115 . supervi sor yes , sir . what can | do for you ? jeff w're expect a fax for M. stockton froma ... ( check he palm pil to ) M. ethan dulle . | need that fax i meki atel y . supervi sor yes , sir . let 's check the log . he walk over to the fax log and scan the page . supervi sor _ ( cont ' d ) right . here it be . come in twenty m nute ago . jeff be it still here in the mail roon ? supervi sor no , should have be deliver al ready . jeff | need that fax . if M. stockton receive that fax -- which | may add , contain erroneous earning estimate -- we be all in deep do - do . supervi sor billy . go to stockton 's office and bring back that fax . billy no , I have get it right here . he start to flip the cover page open , when Jeff snatch it fromhim jeff can not have you see that now . walk over to the shredder and run ethan 's resune through it . he pick up the mail room phone and dial some nunber . jeff ( cont would ) yes , this be a message for M. dulle . this be M. stockton 's office . |' mafraid we have to be - shez - ule you interview . 116 . int . ethan S room - day ethan return hore and check he message . the caller i.d. read " stockton , upright . " int . outside angela 's S room - NI ght Sam knock on the door . Angela answer . SAM ls reanna here ? angela core on in . int . angela 's S room - NI ght ( conti nuous ) Sam enter and see reanna , study she netzsche . ethan be also over . angela core on , let 's go study in the other room they nove into Angela 's bedroom reanna what do you want ? SAM | want to apol ogi ze . reanna for what ? |' mthe one who throw up on you . SAM for not call . I 'msorry . reanna o . K. now what ? SAM | think we could grab a bite to eat . feel like sushi ? reanna ha ha . SAM come on , | need sore help . reanna wy should | help you ? 117 . SAM three_reason . not , because | like you . two , because cosmic justice demand we set thing right in the universe . and three , if you do not help I , I will start cry . reanna | do not believe you . SAM I will do it . he start get teary - eye . reanna I be not go anywhere with you . SAM I 'mserious . I 'mfeel a little sad . he 's really concentrate . reanna you be really go to cry ? SAM | get ... alittle ... emotional . now he 's cry . reanna start | aughing and get up to join im reanna that be amazing . SAM let 's roll . int . professor markoe ' S out ! do office - day Jeff enter Professor 's markoe 's office weari no gl ass and a tool belt and carry a clipboard . a secretary greet he secretary can | help you ? jeff ( check he clipboard ) |'m from uni versity comput er service . | have a report that Professor markoe 's mouse be not wor ki no . secretary | be not aware of any problem 118 . jeff be the professor in ? secretary jeff I will just take a look . secretary ok . G right in . int . professor markoe ' S office - day Jeff set up at the desk and turn on the computer . he shake he head . jeff hacker . int . stockton upri ght - mr stockton S office - day stockton be a stuffy man . across fromhimsits Dave , wear a suit and tie . stockton M. dull es -- dave call I Jack . stockton it say on you resume you first name be ethan . dave call I Jack . stockton all right , Jack . what one word would you say best describe you ? dave I would have to say , " get the j ob do . " stockton that 's not one word . dave | know , but I 'mthe kind of guy who do not play by the rule . I be not ateamplayer , but | get the job do . ( more ) 119 . dave ( cont ' d ) | may not be the fastest or the 's est worker , and | may not do the job right the first time , but | wll work day and night to get the job do right . you know what m J " be say ? stockton | see . |' mlook at you resure and I 'ma little confuse . can you tell I about the period from 1998 through July 1999 ? dave legally |'mnot obligate to answer question about that period of time . next . stockton ok . wil , maybe you can tell be what you thin you would bring to St ockt on upri ght . dave | like to throw you a curve ball now and again . | guess I would say I would bring a element of surprise to the job . of danger . you do not know what I be go to do next because | do not even know what I be go to do next . stockton one nore question and | think we be do here . you resune list under " activity " " smokin ' blunt wth the honiy " and " busting cap in whitey " . could you expl ain what that mean for I ? int . slacker ' room - day jeff. and Sam be go over the plan . in the background , a DI ET coke deli very_man be unl oad several case of diet Coke in the room Dave enter . he see the delivery man and nod a " who 's he ? " to Sam SAM conpli ment of the coca cola company . they want we back as cust oner . jeff how d it go ? 120 . dave wil , | do not think he will be work at stockton upright next year . jeff God . so ethan 's get he interview in the city tonvrrow at nine . SAM I will have the essay by noon . dave and the examis at three . SAM by the way , what 's the final exam questi on ? Jeff pull out the test . jeff qh , you will love this . ( readi no ) " expl ain the evolution and significance of the twentieth century principle of ' total War ' " . the three enj oy the irony of the question . int . stockton upri ght - MAIN reception - day ethan arrive at the receptionist 's desk . ethan |'m ethan dulle here for M. St ockt on . the receptionist become nervous . recepti oni ST et han dull es ? ethan yeah , that 's right . recepti oni ST just a minute . he will be right wth you . a beat , then four | arge armed securi ty guard arrive and surround et han . | nt. ethan S bedroom - day vikramtalks to jeff. 121. VI kram he 's at a intervi ewin New York . jeff do you mind if | just take a | ook for a notebook he borrow ? Jeff smile broadly . int . hallway outsi do lecture hall - day the three guy walk down the hall way wth purpose and determination , they be ready . they be peak . it 's the cul m nation of the college career . int . lecture hall - day the head t.a. be at the front . head T. a . the final examwill count sixty percent of you grade . Sam sit on the aisle next to Jeff . in the rowin front of they sit reanna on the aisle , then Angela . the t.a. 's pass out the blue book and exam . samtake he and start wite he essay . Jeff take he and pass the rest down the row . then , down the center aisle , walk Dave . he walk up to the head t.a. at the lectern . head T. A. ( cont would ) can | help you ? dave Professor markoe need you in he office . right now . head T. A. what ? dave he need to speak to you . head t.a. w're in the middle of a exam dave it 's about you dissertation . ( confi di no ) they want to publish you . some test - taker in the front look up , distract by the conver sati on . 122 . head T. A. be you seri ous ? dave I be serious . the seed have take hold . dave ( cont ' d ) I ' be seri ous . head T. A. ok . the head t.a. rush out of the room excited . Dave take the microphone . dave | have a announcenent to make . angel a |ook up fromher test . angela Dave . dave | have a message for Angela Pat t on . murnur . angela qh ny God . what do ! do ? reanna relax . just listen to he angela why should |? reanna because he really care about you . and he 's cute , and nice , and romantic . so shut up and listen . Angela be speechless , so she turn to Dave . dave angel a. | have something | need to tell you . it 's something | want to say to you for along time , but | be too stupid to own up to ny feeling . ( beat ) | love you and | can not live without you . 123 . some sni ckeri no but mostly , the classmate be touch . Angela can not fight the emotion swell inside she . the snotty t.a. approach the | ectern to take back the microphone . snotty T. A. o.k . you have have you fun . let 's go . dave come on , man . have a heart . | need to do this . it 's important . he consider for a moment , then back away and let Dave conti nue . snotty T. A. all right . but get to the point al ready int . ethan S room - day ethan run into the room rough up a bit . VI kram how d you interview go ? ethan do not even ask . he throw off he jacket and tie and pull on a sweater . he grab he bookbag tromthe bedroom pull Dave 's mdterm exam out of the bag slightly to check it . close on : the header of the exam hi story 454a the great power from 1868 to 1945 professor _markoe fall semester , 2000 ethan run out of the room int . lecture hall - day Dave continue he plea to Angela . the classroomis hangi no on every word . dave Angela , | never know what | ove be before you . and | want to say I be sorry for not tell you how | feel sooner , but | guess | be afraid . afraid of be vulnerable . of lose ny friend . of grow up . but better late than never , right ? 124 . all eye turn to Angela . Dave leave the lectern and walk up to she . angela Dave . dave | love you . angel a | ook into he eye . she turn away . there 's pure silence as the classroom hold its collective breath . finally , angela turn back . angela | love you . they kiss . the crowd erupt in applause . ethan ( 0 . ss . ) how could you ?! it 's ethan , bright red and full of fury at the entrance to the exam room walk down the aisle towards Angela and Dave . ethan | say | love you first . | be first . angela I 'msorry , ethan . ethan this be bullshit . this whole thing be my idea . mne ! the snotty t.a. come over to they snotty T. A. all right . simmer down . the excitement 's over . ethan this guy cheat _on the mdterm they be cheater ! expel they snotty T. A. what be you talk about ? dave beat I . I be not evenin this cl ass . 125 . ethan reach into he bookbag and pull out the exam as it come out of the bag , the word be a blur , but for a split second we can focus in on the bottomright corner : no handwrite . snotty T. A. let I see that . he look it over . snotty T. A. ( cont would ) be do you get this ? reanna Excuse I . this guy 's be br age ! no about steal a copy of the final all week . ethan what ? snotty T. A. you be in a lot of trouble . ethan grab the test back and | ook at the final exam the top of which be identical to the midterm but with the word final instead of mdterm on the fifth line of the header . ethan that 's not mine ! they pl ant that on not ! snotty T. A. come with not . ethan resist . the other t.a. 's come over the help drag he out of the room ethan that 's not mine ! you fucker frame I ! Angela ! what about the hair doll ? and then he 's go . Dave whisper to Angela . dave core on , let 's get out of here . angela I amin the middle of a final exam 126 . dave be a rebel . let 's find out where we belong in the world . together . angela what about the exan ? dave it 's take care of . Dave grab she bl uebook and tuck it into he jacket . he look to Jeff in the row behind Angela and she follow Dave 's lance . Jeff close he blue book to reveal the name " Angela at ton . " angela you be not very bright , be you ? dave nope . and he kiss she . the classroom erupt again . Dave and angel a run out of the building anid the ieer of they classmate . reanna turn around and face Sam reanna how d | do ? SAM you be ace , baby . he pause , look into she eye , then kiss she . ext . MAIN quad - day Angela and Dave run out of the building and run up to a | campus bus . it close its door , but Dave put he hand in bet ween the door at the last second . the door open again . Dave and Angela get in . int . campus bus - day the bus be fill except for the very last bench seat at the rear : they walk to the back and sit down , hold hand and | aughi no . int . stockton upri ght - mr stockton S office - day Jeff be interviewng wth M. stockton . dave ( V. 0 . ) Jeff do not get the j ob at St ockt on upright . 127 . the mail room supervisor enter and drop off a fax in M. stockton 's " in box " . he see Jeff . supervi sor hey , M. bi okenore ! stockton look at Jeff . Jeff try to smile . dave ( V. 0 . ) in fact , Jeff do not get to be a investment banker at all . but he do to find a place that could appreciate he uni que talent . ext . campus build - day Jeff walk through a_group of protester with anti-cla sign , like " CIA qut of El salvador " and " no spy in East Asia " . int . | ntervi ew room - day Jeff walk into the room and two incredi bl y shady men greet he he sit down and snile . as the conversation progress , the three seemto be long | ost soul mate . dave ( V. 0 . ) he say he work for the State Department , but you know what that mean . int . courtroom - day Sam stand in front of a jury and point back to a latino child in a wheel chair . dave ( V. 0 . ) as for Sam he go to Harvard Law School and now he 's a personal injury attorney . Sam start crying and the jury eat it up . ext . MAIN quad - day gaduation . in turn , Dave , Jeff , and Sam walk across the stage in cap and gown to receive they diploma fromthe dean . dave ( v.0 . ) they say there 's no such thing as un a free ch , but | gotta Tel you , | never really understand that say . | mean , we use to et free lunch all the time . but guess the point be , the free stuff do not matter . ( more ) 128 . dave ( cont would ; v.o ) only the thing you really work for seeminportant . like angel a . DI ssolve to : ext . MAIN quad - day now after the ceremony , Dave see Angela in she cap and gown and run up to she , give she a giant hug and kiss . Sam talk to reanna . dave meeting she parent be a little weird though . angela daddy , Val , this be Dave . angel a 's parent enter fromoffscreen and Dave try in vain to shield he face . charle fromthe Census Bureau ! M. patton shake he hand . Angela be confuse . Ms. patton eye Dave with a cone-hither | ook . valeri E do you bring any candy ? int . restaurant - NI ght the three guy , Angela and reanna , and M. and Ms. patton enj oy_a nice celebration dinner at this expensive restaurant . Ms. patton play footsy wth Dave under the table . dave ( v.o . do we ever solve the conundrum fem to ? no. Dave try to avoid eye contact wth Ms. patton as he talk to angel a . int . campus bus back seat - day back to Dave and Angela sit in the back of the bus , hol ding hand and | aughi no . dave ( V. 0 . ) do | know what | want to be when | grow up ? not yet . as the campus bus pull away , Dave look back over he shoul der out the rear window . the fresh snow highlight the beauty of the gothic campus sl owy shrink in the distance . 129 . dave ( cont would ; vo ) be | ready to | eave behind the great four year of my life and enter the real world ? a world of work , responsibility , and conmit ment ? | think so . Dave turn back to Angela and snile . dave ( cont would ; v.o ) there be one thi no | do know for sure , though . at teast I have get someone who will find out wth I . then he pull out some candy fromhis pocket . Angela take it and start | aughing . the two kiss again and the bus di sappear down the road . fade out : the end