slash written by Stephen Francis & Gus silber over a black screen : we hear the tinkling of a old - fashioned music BOX . it 's play the familiar childhood melody of " old macdonald have a farm " . a small child 's voice sing with the tune . there 's something a little eerie and dissonant about it . in the background , we hear the sound of farm animal ... a cow moo , a horse neigh , and so on . fade in : int . old barn - night it 's night . many yesterday ago . we be not sure exactly when - but we can tell we be in the past . a little boy , six year old , be sit next to some bale of hay . a old - fashioned oil - burning lantern be next to he , casting flicker shadow on the wall . and now we see where the tune be come from : the boy stare into a rustic , hand - carve music box . the boy hear something . turn off the music , he scuttle behind some bale of hay to hide . the barn door creak slowly open . someone -- we can not see who -- enter ... wear large black boot . he 's push a big container on wheel . something 's inside the container -- we can not see what ... because it 's cover by a ratty old tarp . it 's push closer ... its wheel squeaking . hold on the boy . in he hide place . worried . very worried . the container stop -- right in front of the bale of hay . inch from the boy 's face . and then --- black boot throw back the tarp ... revealing a tangle , intrigue contraption of pipe and valve and funnel . the boy -- peer through the bale of hay , not sure what the man 's do . but whatever it be .... it 's horrific . something red.. and sticky gush through the valve and pipe . . go into the funnel , stick into the plastic sac . the boy pull back in fright -- snap a piece off the music box ... cause it to play again . the boy be terrify . black boot .... turn toward the source of the music . a look of sheer horror in the boy 's eye . the boy 's tremble hand scramble to cover the music box . to stop it . to quiet it somehow . black boot --- advance . closer , closer -- the boy try to crawl away - desert the music box still play . a glove hand reach out , grab he ankle . the boy struggle . a lantern fall , immediately set fire to the surround straw . a horrible scream of rage -- as the black boot catch fire . the man writhes . scream . a human fireball . the fire spread everywhere . the boy , terrify , try to scramble out through a loose plank in the barn wall ... the fire rage on . the scream continue . smash CUT to : begin title ext . - farmland road -( present day ) - night title : 16 year later it 's dark , desert , lonely . the harvest moon be shine overhead . and then -- the approach headlight of a soft - top convertible , whipping up dust as it zoom along . loud rock music blaring from within . int - car - continuous close on : a mask similar to the one use in " scream " . it 's on the face of the driver of the car . he 's also wear a black hood and cape . he turn to look at the pretty young woman in the passenger seat . she 's karen , about 18 , fresh out of high school . she 's wear a skimpy bikini with a leopard -skin pattern , a necklace of animal claw , and not much else . she rub she goose - pimply arm -- karen jeez , close that window , Ray ! I be freezing in here . -- and take off that stupid mask . he whip off he mask , and tuck it underneath he cape . meet ray , about 20 , athletic , a bit of a prankster . he leer at Karen -- ray I can not help it , babe . you bring out the monster in I . Ray put a hand on she expose thigh . Karen remove it . karen not while you be drive . Karen pop open a beer . ray throw I one . karen not while you be drive . as Karen chug she beer , Ray can not help glance at she cleavage . karen ( cont ’d ) -- and keep you eye on the road . ray I be admire you costume . what " movie " be you go as again ? karen sheena , Queen of the jungle . off Ray 's blank stare -- ray never hear of it . karen I be not surprised . it 's get a body count of zero . and no one go around ina stupid mask , hack innocent people to death . ray ( be : the mask ) you do not like my costume ? cool. I x11 go with plan B. which one you like better ? with one hand on the wheel , Ray hold up two other mask -- the white shape face from the " Halloween " series ... and a hockey mask from " Friday the 13th " . Karen roll she eye . ray ( cont ’d ) hey ... wanna see something really scary ? Ray reach down under the seat , take he eye off the road . before he can get any further , karen 's eye widen in terror -- karen watch out !!! as she grab the steering wheel -- ext - farmland road - night a cow , stand dumbly in the middle of the road . the car swerve wildly , knock over a signpost -- ext - road ( cornfield ) - continuous --- as it careen off to the side of the road . windsheild Pov : row and row of corn smash against the glass . finally , the car come to rest in the middle of the field . Cloud of dust reflect in the headlight beam . the horn blare . int / ext - car Ray turn to check Karen -- she 's unconscious , head back on the seat . ray Karen ...? oh , geez ! Karen ....? he quickly feel she pulse . then he put he hand over she heart , try to find a heartbeat . he pause for a moment . he can not help himself -- he hand move slo- o0 - o- of - wly upwards , towards she breast . suddenly , karen 's eye pop open -- and she grab he hand and push it away . she 's be play possum . karen be that all you ever think of ? suppose I be really hurt ! ray dammit , Karen - -- I be just ... look for you pulse . karen -- by way of my breast ? she huff . ray sit tight . ext - cornfield - moment later on the car hood --- be open by ray . there 's a little steam come out and the engine 's hot . ray ( burn himself ) ow ! karen what 's wrong ? ray nothing . i’1l have we back on the road in no time . ray look down and see the smashed wooden sign , stick in the radiator grille . he ease it out -- the sign read ... " no trespasp -- J. macdonald . " ray ( cont ’d ) ( realize ) hey -- macdonald 's farm ! karen Ray --- I have like to get to the club sometime before dawn . Karen hold a " flyer " for a music club . ray be right back . gotta irrigate the corn . we stay with ray - as he walk deeper into -- ext . - corn field - continuous lit by the moon and shaft of the car headlight , it 's eerie , quiet ... scary . ray ( sing to himself ) -- Old macdonald have a farm , e-i-e-io ... and on that farm , he --- almost run over a cow --- e - i , e -i , ohhhhh -- look for a place to pee , Ray turn a corner surround by a wall of corn . he unzip he fly , and sway , relieve himself in a wide arc . for the first time , he casually turn to he leave to see -- a scary figure silhouett against the moonlight , stand next to he -- ray ( startle ) -- Jesus !!! -- but it 's only a harmless scarecrow , arm outstretch on a pole . Ray suddenly look down , realize he 's pissing on himself and he cape . ray ( cont ’d ) dammit !!! int . - car karen be still sit in the car , bop to music on the CD player . she preens herself , tuck she breast into she leopard costume , await Ray 's return . ext - corn field - night ray appraise the scarecrow -- tentatively poke he . it 's make of straw . ray fuckin 's scarecrow . he take a piece of straw , put it in he mouth . he turn around , go back to the car , move past the corn field . suddenly , ray halt -- something pull he backwards ! we hear a rip sound . Ray slowly turn around to see -- he cape -- catch on a piece of wire . he shudder , pull it off . Ray take another step forward . -- do he just hear something in the cornfield with he -- or be it he imagination ? int - car karen 's a little anxious . Ray should have be back by now . she lean out the window , try to look past the open car hood . karen ( call out ) how many beer do you have , Ray ?! beat . no answer . karen ( cont ’d ) ( call out ) Raymond . .?!! no answer . Karen turn the music off . she peer out the window , the open hood obscure she view . still no sign of Ray . flap flap flap -- several nightjar bird flutter out of the cornfield , unsettle she . karen ( cont ’d ) weenie een Ray ?? still no sign of Ray . Karen 's start to get very worried . something 's not right . and then -- a figure wear the cape and scream mask pop up next to she - scare the shit out of she . Karen freak . karen ( cont ’d ) geez ! --- that be not funny ! the masked figure with the cape just stand outside the car , look at she . karen ( cont ’d ) okay , Ray . I be freezing . get in the car . the masked figure stand there , unmove , by she open window . just stare . a feel of unease wash over Karen . maybe this figure ....... be not Ray at all . karen ( cont ’d ) '' Ray ...? and then , the masked figure raise he arm -- and we see a shiny , long - blade knife clench in he fist . the figure bring the blade down , plunging it through the open window -- and into Karen 's chest ! Karen scream . she look down at the blade . and the blood on she bare skin . beat . karen ( cont ’d ) -- Owwww ! = that hurt !!! the masked figure " pull out " the retractable knife blade , and take off he mask . it be indeed ... Ray . always the joker . he squeeze the knife handle by way of demonstration ... a little fake " blood " come out of the blade . ray Fake blood . cool , huh ? Karen be like , totally unamuse . she wipe herself off , glaring . ray ( cont 'd ) oh come on , Karen ! ray start stabbing himself in the chest to demonstrate -- ray ( cont ’d ) it 's a retractable blade ! you could not cut yourself if you want to ! look ! --- suddenly another blade protrude from Ray 's chest . a real one . a long-handled farm scythe have swing around -- hit he in the back , the cold blade ripping through he . a thin stream of blood drip from he surprised lip . this definitely be not a trick . Karen scream . and scream some more . in the darkness , we can not see who 's wield the scythe . the blade be pull out , Ray slump to the ground , dead . on two boot -- the killer 's boot . Black farm boot . the blade of the scythe dangle down next to they . the boot begin walk around to the other side of the car . in the car karen freak , realize she 's next . she quickly lock the car door . silence . the killer seem to have vanish . but she window 's still half - open ! Karen reach out for the electric window button . she push it . the window close ..... close ...closes ..... whoosh ! the blade of the scythe swing in at the last second , get catch between the glass and the frame , inch from Karen 's face . as the unseen killer pull out the scythe and the window automatically close --- karen see she chance -- 10 . she climb into the driver 's seat , hit the radio -- the music come back on , loud . Karen turn the ignition key . the engine turn over immediately . she just might escape -- on the tire they spin in the ditch try to get traction . and then --- the front tire grab the dirt ! Karen 's about to free the car , when ---- whoosh ! the blade of the scythe plunge into the rubber deflate the front tire with a rush of air . karen 's Pov - through the windshield obscure by the raise hood , she see the scythe be raise up -- and come down -- straight into the engine . there 's some SPARKS -- and a SNAP of wire be severe . and the engine die . ditto the music . silence , except for Karen 's hyperventilation . and_ then ------ a final realization come over Karen . she ... look up . remember .... she 's in a convertible -- and the top be make of canvas . and then -- -- the scythe ..... sweep down in a deadly arc , tear through the top of the car , almost slice she ear off . a gash open on she bare arm . Karen scream . she kick open the car door --- and stumble into -- ext - corn field - night karen run ... for she life . and run some more . and someone - - or something 's -- follow she . ext - edge of cornfield - night out of breath , Karen see a light up ahead . a old farmhouse . people . a telephone . Safety . ext - farm house - night she frantically bang on the door , try to force it open -- 11 . karen ( hysterical ) please ! I need ... help ! no answer . no one 's home . hurt and bleed , Karen turn to she right -- and see -- a Old barn . a place to hide . ext - barn - night with as much stealth as she can , Karen push open the old , creaky barn door . she leave a bloody handprint on the door -- int - barn - night it 's deathly quiet . moonlight shine on bale of hay , glint on farm implement . silence . then -- from outside , a cow moos -- then a loud chuffing sound . a horse . and then -- a few chicken begin to cluck . karen shhh . .. shhhh -- the animal seem to be jittery , nervous . the horse whinny loudly . the cow moos again . karen put she hand to she ear , try to block out the unholy chorus -- she back away -- a figure be behind she . she back into it and swing around to see -- a scarecrow . burlap skin , jag , stitched mouth . cold eye . cold , and ... alive . scarecrow 's Pov : look through the burlap at Karen . the scarecrow raise a gleam scythe high in the air . it swing down -- 12 . Karen scream . for the very last time . CUT to : a guy scream --- into a microphone . we pull back , revealing we be at a -- int - music club - night the kind of smoky dive . some of the audience member be wear Halloween mask and / or costume . on stage , several beat away from the big time , a hungry , hard - work rock band . lady and gentleman , meet Dead quiet : on guitar and lead vocal ... joseph " mac " macdonald , 24 . charismatic , drive . with a dark side . the leader . on bass guitar ... suzie , 24 . hot , punky . a sex - bomb , prime to detonate at any moment .. on keyboard ... keith , 25 . Black , street - wise . attitude . on drum & percussion ... ian , 30 . Party animal . at the moment , Mac be sing he heart out , share the mike with suzie , draw on she sexual energy . meanwhile , keith keep glance over at the side of the stage , as if wait for someone to appear . look as if there 's a band member miss . keith shout over to Mac . keith where be he ? Mac step back and shout over the music to carl ( 20 ) , the band 's all - round gopher and roadie - - mac Carl ! where 's Rod ? Carl do not hear . he 's too busy gaze at the flip -screen monitor of a small hand -held digital video camera . he 's close up on suzie . Mac , shouting , he voice just about drown out by the music - mac ( cont ’d ) Carl ! Carl snap to attention . see the empty mike stand . 13 . as the band continue play , we follow carl , still armed with he camcorder , into -- int - backstage hallway Carl stop in front of a close door . he knock tentatively . carl uh ... . hello ? voice from inside fuck off ! carl instantly recognize the voice . he hesitates , and then knock again -- carl Rod ? you be miss you cue ! man 's voice no man ! I be right on it ! int . backstage room close on rod ryder , 26 , the band 's cocksure , devil - may - care lead guitarist . talented . and do not care who know it . at the moment , he 's slouching in a chair with he shirt unbuttone . candy , a foxy babe with a passion for new age philosophy and musician -- be sit on he lap , she tongue down he throat . back to : int backstage hallway carl can hear moaning come from inside . he grin . stealthily , he stand on tiptoe and reach out as high he can , aim the camcorder through the clear pane of glass at the top of the door . he look up at the angle flip -screen , hope to catch a glimpse of the action . but all he see be a flash " battery " icon on the screen . then nothing . damn ! carl Rod ! candy he 's come ! carl sigh , point the rapidly - die camcorder at himself -- 14 . carl note to self : remember to recharge battery . int - music club - night the band continue to play , do the best they can . a unimpress audience member hurl a Beer -bottle at the stage . it just miss keith 's head . keith be furious , ready to explode . he get up from he seat , fist clench around he drumstick . Mac give he a look - " stay cool . " he back down . back to : int backstage room - night rod and candy have finish . candy have progress from half undress , to half - dress . Rod 's in no real hurry to get on stage . he check he hair in the mirror , and deftly button up he shirt . then he look around -- rod where 's my axe ? candy strap he fender stratocaster guitar around he neck . she gaze adoringly at he -- candy kill ‘em , baby . rod they be as good as dead . int music club - moment later as Mac and the band head for the song 's crescendo , rod walk a tad unsteadily on stage . perfect timing . he announce he presence with a blister guitar break . the audience perk up a little . some cheer , some whistle . the band member glare at rod. 15 . int - dressing room - later it 's after the set . the door burst open -- the band be tired and sweaty . keith motherfuck soundman ! I could not hear myself sing ! ian ( teasing ) I could . you suck . keith hey . fuck you . ian where 's Jack ? anybody see Jack ? carl be there too , eye glue to he camcorder , pan across the band -member . suzie whip off she sweaty top . Carl 's eye widen as he zoom in on she naked breast . she catch sight of carl , and hurl she top at he -- suzie pervert ! Carl duck . suzie put on a fresh top -- suzie ( cont ’d ) Jesus . what a bunch of useless zomby . keith who ? we ?! suzie ( grin ) the audience ! ian ( distract ) Jack ! there you be , buddy ! we see ian grab a half - full bottle of liquor from a mess of item on a table . jack daniel . he swig . keith hold out he hand for some . keith ( enthusiastic ) my man ! 16 . Ian finish the whiskey , hand the empty bottle to keith . keith ( cont ’d ) ( dryly ) my man . rod stride in . candy , he groupie , be hang onto he arm . suzie glare at he . rod hey , guy . good gig . suzie walk over to Rod face to face -- suzie yeah . great work , Rod . but next time , it would be nice .... if you could join US for the entire set ! rod I be get ' warm 's up . Rod smile slyly at candy . suzie 's have enough . suzie who do you think we be , dude ? you back up band ??!! candy jump in , defiantly to suzie -- candy get off he case sweetie . suzie ( to candy ) where have you come from ? groupy R we ? candy fuck you . suzie fuck I ? fuck you !! Rod grin , enjoy the attention , when --- skreeeeeeeeech !!! --- the sound of guitar feedback , like nail on a blackboard . mac , electric guitar in hand . the guitar be plugge into a small but powerful practice amp . he 's certainly get they attention . 17 . mac time for a little .. " feedback " guy . that guy from hectic record -- suzie yeah ? mac -- pick tonight to come by and watch we set . keith shit ! mac relax . he like what he see . well , some of it . enough to give we a showcase audition . one week from today . keith yes ! mac which mean we have get one week to start act like a professional band . rod hey . anyone here need lesson , just talk to I . suzie yeah , I 'il teach you a lesson -- suzie grab Rod by the shirt and crotch and shove he against the wall . candy try to grab suzie by the hair . suzie hold she away at arm length , whilst pin rod to the wall . it 's a action lara Croft would be proud of . suzie 's not a girl to mess with . Rod 's enjoy this . carl begin shoot away on he camcorder . Mac try to stop the ruckus . mac ok . ok ! candy be furious at rod 's laid back attitude . candy bitch . 18 . rod it 's ok baby . and then ---- they all become aware of a new presence . a stranger be stand in the doorway . unshaven , dress in farm clothes and black boot . out of place in the city . keith ( aside ; to Mac ) ... that 's not .. the record guy , be it ? Mac shake he head " no " , not take he eye off the stranger . then - - stranger Joseph macdonald ? Mac look he in the eye -- stranger ( cont ’d ) you aunt edith 's dead . beat . a slight reaction from Mac . the stranger fumble in he pocket , pull out a letter . he offer it to Mac . stranger ( cont ’d ) it 's from you father . Mac hesitates . then he take the letter , glance at it ... then crumple it . the Stranger smile slightly , almost as if he expect it . and then -- stranger ( cont ’d ) he also ask I ..to give you this . the Stranger put something else in Mac 's hand . it 's a small hand - carve wooden figure of a scarecrow ... damage at the base . Old ... wear . Mac seem entrance by it . stranger ( cont ’d ) funeral 's tomorrow afternoon . at the farm . as the Stranger smile slightly , exit just as quickly as he appear . beat . keith farm ? .. what farm ? CUT to : 19 . ext - country road - day a old , beat - up school bus , with the name " Dead quiet " emblazon across it , travel down a dusty road . equipment and luggage fastened on top . pinioned to the back of the bus , a rough - and - ready - look off - road motorbike . int - bus - continuous carl be drive , look a little lose as he veer he way over the rough and tumble country road . he hold the letter with direction to the farm Mac rip up , now tape together . Mac be sit alone . pensive . he hold the small wooden figure . rod & candy , who 's come along for the ride -- sit next to keith and Ian . candy have she eye close , meditate . they be play some kind of " on the road " game -- keith okay . my main man . marvin gaye . ian easy . gunshot . patricide . next. rod curt cobain . ian shotgun. suicide . next ? keith wait a second . do you say " patricide ? " ian yeah . marvin 's old man gun he down . keith that 's not patricide . patricide be when you gun down you old man . ian all right . " fratricide " . minor technical detail . they all stare keith wrong . fratricide be when you gun down you brother . you be out . my turn . ian Fine . be that way . Jim morison . keith die in the bathtub ... if , in fact , he 's really dead . next . rod mama Cass . candy who 's mama Cass ? at she . rod one of the mama from the mama and the papas . candy look blank . suzie look at keith asphyxiation . choke to death on a hamsandwich . next . rod ( triumphant ; make quiz show buzzer sound ) buzzzzzzzzzz . sorry , wrong answer ! keith Chicken sandwich ? rod ( loudly ) bzzzzzzzzzt ! keith fuck you ! who care what sandwich the bitch be eat ? Mac , sit a few row behind they . turn to the other -- suzie hey . could you be a little more insensitive ? we be on we way to a funeral for crissake . she 20 . 21 . keith yeah . we own . I do not see why we get to go along for the ride . ian come on , dude . a day ona farm be not go to kill you . mac .. heart attack . everyone look at he . mac ( cont ’d ) mama Cass die of a heart attack . the ham sandwich be just a urban legend . candy ( to Rod ) who 's the mama and the papas ? ext - farm land road - day the bus cruise along , get deeper into farmland territory . int . bus - day suzie sit down next to Mac . suzie you never tell we you grow up on a farm . mac nothing to tell . suzie stare at he , not give up . mac ( cont ’d ) .. my parent separate when I be just a kid . I choose my mother . my father choose the farm . have not be back since . I have maybe talk to he twice in twelve year . off suzie 's look -- mac ( cont ’d ) my father and I do not exactly see eye to eye . suzie about what ? mac name something . suzie then why go back now ? mac still try to figure it out myself . 22 . beat . Mac glance down at the wooden figure in he hand . on ian and keith Ian accidentally step on keith 's sneaker . ian New " shoe , " keith ? keith proudly lift up he foot , revealing of - keith nike special . two hundred buck . ian two hundred buck ?? be you crazy ? a brand new pair keith meticulously begin wiping they off with newspaper -- keith hey . never criticize a man ' till you have walk a mile in he shoe . then you can criticize ...’ cause you ’1l1 be a mile away ... and you ’11l have he shoe . they laugh -- keith ( cont ’d ) speak of which -- yo , carl ! be we there yet ?! carl ( drive ; to himself ) like I know . hey , Mac ! any of this look familiar ?? mac try take a leave after the next cow pasture . 23. keith ( mutter , to Ian ) yeah . that sound good . " hang a leave at the first cow patty , then make a right when you see porky pig " . Mac grin slightly , look out the window , to see -- ext - side of the road a old woman , stand at a rundown stall , outside a modest farm house . some corn doll , pumpkin , and dry husk of maize be hang up on display . next to she stand a short farmhand , she brother . mac catch she gaze . there 's something intense and very unsettle about the way she eye lock on to he . CUT to : ext - farm land - later wide on a large field as the bus pass by . a burning stack of disease crop . smoke and flame crackle , rise to the sky . the bus continue , past -- a long shot of a scarecrow , distant and alone in a field . and then -- the bus rise over a small hill .... revealing a old wooden sign we have see before -- " no trespass - J. macdonald " . int . bus on mac . ... he 's finally come " home " . ext . farm property - day get closer , the bus pass a scraggly menagerie of farmyard animal . cow , horse , goat , chicken . finally , it pull up to a cluster of shed and coops and farm building . Mac 's eye finally settles on -- the old barn 24 . there 's something strangely compelling about it ... something that seem to strike a chord deep inside he memory . this be macdonald 's farm . maybe this be a prosperous farm once . but once be a long time ago . the bus pull up and stop in the yard between the farmhouse and barn . the door whoosh open -- int - bus keith and ian exchange a somewhat nervous glance as they gaze out the window . as the band get they thing , move to get off the bus , keith pull down a duffle bag and draw out a pearl hand 38 . special . suzie notice the gun . suzie you know what they say about man who need big gun ... keith hey . some klu klux klan homeboy get in my face , he gonna have a few extra hole in he bedsheet . suzie ( teasing ) down boy . keith who you callin’ " boy ? " smirk , keith move down the aisle . as suzie and candy wait to exit the bus , they shoot dagger at each other . candy suzie tramp . Rod grin , enjoy himself . 25 . rod after you .... lady . ext . - bus - day the band member file out of the bus . they glance around the dilapidate farm . candy suddenly seem concerned -- candy Rod . check out my chakra . Rod , puzzle , stare at she body . candy finger the crystal around she neck . candy ( cont ’d ) they have go darker . bad vibe . suzie , nearby roll she eye . carl ... shoot the area with he camcorder . carl note to self : farming not a career option . beat . Carl sneeze . the other look at he . carl ( cont ’d ) .. Hay fever . ian man , you come to the wronnng place . mac be right back . try to stay out of trouble . Mac move off -- as keith look around . keith yeah . maybe I can pick a little cotton for da masta . suzie you get something against farm people , keith ? 26 . keith not at all . they lynched my ancestor , they smell like manure , they have sex with they relative ... and they all have two first name : " Bobby - Joe " - - ian ( join in , smile ) " Peggy - Sue " --- keith --- " billy - Jean " -- Mac walk up to the barn . he seem strangely hesitant . slowly , he reach out he hand . then he freeze -- as he notice a bloody handprint on the door . we recognize it as the handprint of the girl who be murder last night . just then , the barn door creak open , revealing ... the stranger that everyone recognize as the one who deliver the note backstage . only now he 's wear a blood stain apron , black farm boot and in he leave hand ....a knife ... drip with blood . the Stranger hold up the knife -- grin -- stranger take ‘em a full thirty second to realize they be not get a head . everyone stare -- billy bob chicken ! glad you could make it . -- name 's billy bob. keith give a " I tell you so " look . Mac shake hand -- then look at he palm . there 's chicken blood all over he hand . billy Bob grin . he wipe the excess blood on he apron . 27 . billy bob ( cont ’d ) you pa 's wait for you up at the house . mac how have he know I have come ? billy Bob just grin enigmatically . as Mac head toward the farm house -- billy bob sorry ' bout you aunt . billy Bob pick a chicken up by its foot , get the knife ready , about to go back into the barn -- keith great . billy Bob hear and turn to he . billy bob I have watch you step if I be you , son . keith oh yeah ? why 's that ? billy bob you be stand in horseshit . keith look down . yep -- he 's stand in horseshit , alright . keith damn ! this be one hundred dollar nike ! ian I think you say two hundred . billy Bob grin . spit a globule of black tobacco right next to keith 's shoe . ext - farm house ( front entrance ) - moment later mac stop , eyeing the house . it sigh and creak with a life of its own . as he open the screen door to go inside -- int - live room - continuous Mac glance around . shade pull down , dark and musty furniture . stuff animal head on the wall . a spiderweb in the corner . 28. ext . farm - same time Rod be pick at he guitar as candy look on admiringly . suzie be unpack some bag off the bus rack , unaware that carl be shoot she ass with he camcorder . ian snap off he cellphone , piss . ian perfect . no signal . ian peer over Carl 's shoulder , see suzie 's ass on the screen . ian ( cont 'd ) that get a zoom lense ? carl brace yourself . as he " zoom " in on suzie 's bun -- suzie will you guy quit jerk off and give I a hand here ! as they grin and help she unload the bus , Ian unload a box full of Jack Daniels bottle - -- ian hiya Jack . int . farm live room - same time Mac be wander around the room , uneasy . suddenly , he hear a flap noise . it seem to be come from behind a close door . mac ... jeremiah ? Mac push open the door to -- int - a dimly - lit spare room - continuous close on mac as he walk into the dark , smaller room , he look to he right to see -- a shutter ... flap slightly from the wind . that 's all . Mac sigh . he turn to he leave -- and -- 29 . mac daaa ! he almost fall over he aunt . Dead , laid out " in state " on a long , oak table , candle all around she . voice ( 0.c ) hold it right there . turn around slowly . mac slowly turn to see --- -- he father , jeremiah macdonald , late sixty , weathered but strong , a man who 's spend he life work hard on a farm . he 's wear work clothes - overall , and yes , black farm boot . with a craze look in he eye , he 's point a shotgun straight at Mac . mac what be you go to do ? shoot I ? jeremiah depend . you get some nerve intrude on a man 's grief . I bet I could pull this trigger right now and call it justifiable homicide . now : who be you ? mac you know who I be . you invite I . click clack ! jeremiah pump the shotgun , chamber a round . Mac 's unsettle . perhaps jeremiah 's go over the deep end -- mac ( cont 'd ) I be you son . and laureen 's son . jeremiah ai not nobody mention that name on this farm for 14 year . my boy be take from I ... far as I be concerned , he 's dead . now , I be not gonna ask you again . -- who be you ?! mac Joseph macdonald ... you son . 30 . jeremiah Joseph macdonald . damn right , boy . and do not you forget it . jeremiah lower the shotgun , grin -- jeremiah ( cont ’d ) I be just yankin’ you chain ! it seem jeremiah have a offbeat sense of humor . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) come here ... I be not gonna bite . mac approach cautiously . jeremiah grab Mac , hugging he - - Mac 's pretty awkward , but he put up with this . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) look at you ! you be a dead ringer for you grandpa , God rest he soul . if he could only see you now . Mac look at edith . a wave of remorse wash over he . mac I come back for the funeral . that 's all . jeremiah break she heart you never visit . .. but I always say you have come back . jeremiah reach down , tenderly stroke he sister 's hair . mac I 'il be go again tomorrow . jeremiah .. guess it be she time to go . you can not argue ... when the good Lord call you home . there 's a awkward beat -- mac how ... be she " call ? " jeremiah pardon ? mac aunt edith . how do she ... die ? 31 . jeremiah put a pipe in he mouth , light it . jeremiah " Natural cause . " CUT to : ext - macdonald graveyard - afternoon we be in a small family graveyard on a hill by the farmhouse , where macdonalds have be bury for century . a preacher stand nearby , conduct the service for edith . he stand between billy Bob and jeremiah . two three local from the village have also come to pay they respects . a few foot away be the rest of the band , stand awkwardly . they have rather be somewhere else . Mac stand beside suzie . she gently squeeze he hand . on the preacher preacher .. and we ask you to bestow you bless on this worthless band of sinner . and so .... ash to ash ... dust to dust .. keith ( make a rhyme sotto voce ) -- let 's hurry up and get back on the bus . preacher we be here to honor the memory of edith macdonald ... and deliver she to she eternal rest . on jeremiah . head bow , reverent , dress in a sombre black suit . mac watch he . carl surreptitiously open the flip -screen of he camcorder to shoot the funeral . keith ( quietly , to Ian ) shit , when I die , hope there 's a bigger turn -out . 32 . preacher to everything there be a season , a time to be bear - a time to die . a time to kill ... and a time to heal ... as the preacher talk , Mac suddenly see -- ---a woman , dress in black , with a veil over she face . odd . he do not notice she before . the woman move closer to mac....closer ... she remove the veil . a mixture of terror and fury -- preacher ( cont ’d ) -- a time to keep silent , and a time to speak -- the woman look Mac directly in the eye . woman the devil have return . Mac recognize the Old woman ( jesse ) from the lonely farm stall on the side of the road . mac i...pardon ...? jesse you look just like he . like jethro . jeremiah ( hard ; to the woman ) you be not welcome here , jesse . jesse I come to pay my respects . ( beat ) and to warn you . jeremiah I want you off my land . -- keep read , reverend . preacher ( clear he throat ; try to continue ) er... a time to love ... a time to ..hate -- 33 . old woman ( to jeremiah ) it 's start again , have not it ? the harvest of blood . I know . I can feel it . you father 's legacy of evil -- jeremiah -- my daddy 's dead . you and the other see to that . old woman yes . and burn in hell ! and you be go to join he -- wait and see ! preacher uh , a time to embrace . . and a time to refrain from embrace .... jeremiah get out of here . or so help I -- something snap in jeremiah 's head . he pick up a shovel , raise it as a weapon -- preacher a time to -- holy shit !! jeremiah --no !! Mac grab jeremiah , struggle to keep the shovel away from jesse 's head . candy scream . carl seize the moment , taping the action with he camcorder . jesse stand she ground . look coldly at mac. jesse ( to Mac ) the sin of the father shall be visit upon they child 's child . and the sword shall be make drunk with they blood . she spit on the ground , walk away . Mac release he hold on jeremiah . keith ( low ) damn . White folk usually chill at funeral . 34 . preacher ( quickly ) uh , I commit edith macdonald to the bless soil of the land she know and cherish . amen . other amen . the preacher nod to billy Bob , who gently take the shovel from Mac . he spit on he palm , rub they together . as the first pile of dirt hit the coffin-- ext - farm ( near the graveside ) - later the funeral 's over . as the other walk down the hill , jeremiah be shaking hand with the preacher -- jeremiah sorry about the shovel , Eugene . guess I get a little carry away . preacher the lord forgive you sin jeremiah . can not say the same about the law . as he say this , the preacher get in he car --- which we now see be a sheriff squad car . he yank off he clerical collar , as if it 's be strangling he , put down he bible . he reach on the seat and just as swiftly put a sheriff 's hat on he head . he eye the other band member . preacher ( cont ’d ) keep a eye on you guest . we do not want no pot smoking musician spoil thing around here . jeremiah do not worry . s’all under control . workin 's on any big case ? preacher Nah . thing be dead quiet . as the sheriff 's car pull out , jeremiah watch -- he eye be now on the barn some distance away . mac 's there , push open the barn door . jeremiah smile slightly . 35 . int . barn - afternoon the barn door creak open . explore , mac enter the barn by himself . it 's a big , run down structure that have see better harvest . hanging up be a impressive array of scythes , axe , hoe , and sickle . simple , functional farm implement - but the light give they blade a sudden edge of menace . the afternoon sunlight filter through the wooden slat , hit a pile of straw , dust rise up from it . then ..... mac notice something -- somebody 's legs . -- clad in dirty jeans , old shoe ... stretch out and partly hide behind a barn stall . someone 's sit there , quietly bide they time . mac move closer . and closer . until he see -- a raggedy old scarecrow , propped up against the stall . harmless . Mac bend over to check it out ... unaware that there 's somebody else in the barn with he . a scythe -- hang on the wall be remove from its place . mac -- be still look at the old scarecrow , when -- whoosh ! -- the deadly blade come sweeping down , slice the air near he . Mac spin around to see -- ian , scythe in hand , stone , do " kung fu " move . ian hey dude -- do not fear the reaper ! beat . Mac stare , the color drain from he face . ian ( cont ’d ) so . when 's dinner ? 36 . ext . - cornfield - magic hour the scarecrow , hang alone in the field . the sun be sink . int - bathroom - night candy 's go to take a shower . she look around the bathroom . something creepy about it . she take off she robe , turn on the shower . get under the water . it feel good . on the doorknob it start to turn . slowly at first . then the knob twist back and forth , violently . CUT to : int . hall way - same time it 's suzie twist the knob . it 's lock . suzie wear nothing but a towel , impatient to shower . she bang on the door . suzie hey ! do not use all the hot water ! int . bathroom candy keep you shirt on ! I be almost do ! int . hall way suzie ( under she breath ) bitch . int . bathroom candy bitch . int . hall way suddenly , from behind suzie , two hand grab she . suzie spin around . it 's mac . he move in closer , hold she -- 37 . mac ten thirty . my room . clothing optional . suzie smile meaningfully . suzie what about jeremiah ? mac Nah . just you . as they kiss --- suddenly , we hear a terrible scream from inside the bathroom and -- Mac twist the door handle , still lock and -- it 's a old door , so he easily force it open and they rush in to the bathroom , and -- int bathroom-continuous -- Mac throw aside the shower curtain , and -- -- candy 's stand there , naked , terrify . shake , she point -- candy look . there 's a medium -size spider high up on the wall . Mac and suzie stand there , incredulous . Rod , Ian and Carl rush into the bathroom -- rod what be it ?!! suzie ( piss ) spider . beat . as all the man stare -- carl ( enjoy the view ) I 'il get it . int . dine room - night on a plate of whole cooked chicken and meat ... the result of billy Bob 's handiwork . jeremiah and billy Bob be eat heartily without a care in the world . 38 . Mac and the other watch they . there 's a bottle of moonshine . Ian take a sip -- -- and choke -- jeremiah best corn liquor in the county . make it myself . edith use to say : the two hardest thing to swallow ... be pride and moonshine . candy I can think of a third . Carl and billy Bob chuckle . ian ( take another sip ) how have ... you ... make it , exactly ? jeremiah lean closer , look Ian straight in the eye -- jeremiah well , I could tell you ... but then , I have have to cut you throat and gut you like a pig . silence . jeremiah laugh . the other look at each other , smile tentatively -- jeremiah ( cont ’d ) just yanking you chain ! Old family secret . he look across at Mac -- jeremiah ( cont ’d ) some thing be better leave that way . right , son ? Mac ignore this . there 's a awkward silence . suzie uh ... thanks for dinner . it be delicious . suzie 's anxious to leave the table , meet up with mac. jeremiah look wistful . jeremiah Chicken . use to be edith 's favorite . 39 . beat . jeremiah choke up , suddenly remorseful . billy bob ( raise he glass ) to ... edith . May she rest in peace . jeremiah to ... edith . everyone ... drink . suzie want to leave . suzie okay . well -- jeremiah raise he glass again -- jeremiah -- and ..... to my ... son . everyone settles back in again -- jeremiah ( cont ’d ) ... the last of the macdonalds . with who ’sfinally be call back home . jeremiah and Mac lock eye . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) even if it be ... for one day . everyone drink . but it 's not over yet . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) and to .... candy the farm ? suzie roll she eye , glare at candy . candy smirk . jeremiah ( raise he glass ) good idea , little lady . " the farm . " ian to " Old macdonald 's farm " -- keith " e-i , e-i , oh -- " crash ! ! the glass suddenly shatter in jeremiah 's hand . rivulets of blood on he finger . at first , he do not 40 . notice . suzie you hand be bleed . jeremiah ... Excuse I . jeremiah get up , hold he hand , go into the kitchen . keith damn . whassup with that ? no one speak at first . billy bob you just remind he ...of jethro . suzie who 's jethro ? no one answer . suzie ( cont ’d ) who 's jethro ? billy bob jethro macdonald . mac ... my grandfather . everyone turn toward Mac . when he do not continue --- billy bob " scare most people in this county halfto death . the kid use to call he ... " crazy Old macdonald " . they have sing that old nursery rhyme ... candy ( glance uneasily over she shoulder ) he 's not ... still around ... be he ? billy bob die about fourteen year ago in a fire . knocked ... over a kerosene lamp in the barn . burnt to death suzie jesus. 41 . ian what be it about he that ... scared people ? billy bob why do not you ask Mac ? -- it 's he granddaddy . all eye on mac . mac I do not remember ... a beat -- rod ( flippant ) what be he ... some kind of axe murderer ? jeremiah ( 0.s. ) why do not you ask he yourself ? beat . jeremiah 's walk back into the room , he hand bandage . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) he 's sit right behind you . -- on the mantle . everyone turn around . a decorative cremation urn be indeed sit on the mantle . jeremiah pick it up . he hold the urn tenderly in he hand - jeremiah ( cont ’d ) my daddy be a man of vision . people always fear what they do not understand . jeremiah look down at the urn . he 's silent for a moment -- jeremiah ( cont ’d ) he live for this land . and he die for it . Rest in peace , daddy . slowly , jeremiah lift the lid off the urn . no one want to look inside . finally , Carl lean over , and -- sneeze ..scatter ash ! 42 . carl sorry . a awkward beat . then jeremiah laugh , slap Carl on the back -- jeremiah I be just yankin’ you chain ! it 's a ashtray . -- jethro 's bury right there across the field with the rest of the family . ... cigar ? jeremiah pull out a handful of cigar offer they to everyone , as we -- ext . farmhouse - night thing be ... well , dead quiet . except for a electric bug zapper . purple , glow . we hear a " zap " as several bug meet they maker . we can hear cricket in the darkness . int - live room - night - later keith , sit on the couch , wear only he underwear remove he expensive nike . then he lie down , cover himself with a thin farm blanket , and try to get comfortable -- keith ( mutter to himself ) yeah . sure . put the black man on the couch ... int - mac 's bedroom - night it use to be he grandfather 's room . there be old family photo on the wall . creepy . Mac stare out the window . outside , we can see the old barn in the moonlight . be that billy Bob go inside ? the bedroom door open . it 's jeremiah . Mac turn away , look back out at the barn . 43 . jeremiah that old barn . after the fire ... I rebuilt it nail by nail . just the way you granddaddy would have want it . mac ( not happy ) this be he room ... be not it ? jeremiah be . you be not afraid of ghost , now be you ? mac I will be fine here . jeremiah hold out a bound stack of envelope . jeremiah think you might want this . Mac just stare at they . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) just so you know . after you mother take you away , I write you . she return every one of ‘em . Mac make no move to take they . instead , jeremiah place they on the table . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) well . then ... I x11 leave you to it . jeremiah 's about to exit -- jeremiah ( cont ’d ) you get it wrong , boy . I be not the monster you think . mac maybe you should tell that to the old lady you try to hit with the shovel . jeremiah I would not pay jesse no mind at all . she 's just a crazy old woman . have not be right in the head since she husband pass away . ( beat ) be not much right before that , neither . 44 . mac she be talk about ... a " harvest of blood " ... beat . jeremiah Old slave superstition . you sprinkle a little blood mix with water on the crop , you get yourself a good harvest ... so they say . mac " blood ? " beat . jeremiah Chicken blood . -- anyway ..do not you worry about ol 's jesse . she will not be bother anyone no more . int - live room - night - later keith try to sleep , but do not look comfortable . he look up at the shadow wall next to he . Animal head , stuff by a taxidermist , stare back at he . he look at the urn contain cigar . it 's still on the mantle . jeremiah walk past almost unseen . a little spook , keith remove he .38 special , check if it 's load -- keith yeah . that 's what I be talkin’ about . he put it under he pillow . int . mac 's bedroom - night mac 's in a restless sleep on top of the bed . the wind have blow the letter around the room . he wake suddenly . disorient , he run he hand on the wall above he head , feel the rough texture of stain wallpaper . from outside there 's the soft strain of tinkling music ... from a child 's music box ... barely discernible over the wind . but eerie ... 45 . Mac sit up in bed . look out the window to -- the old barn that 's where the sound be come from . as Mac stare ... there 's a soft flicker of light from inside the barn ... the flicker grow stronger ... be that flame come out under the barn door ? knock knock . the flame be go . nothing . suzie ( 0.s. ) Mac ? with a jolt , Mac look to the door . he open the door , a bit shake . suzie stand outside , ina sexy nightgown . just a whisper of satin and chiffon . very Victoria 's secret . suzie ( cont ’d ) it 's ten-thirty . I take the clothing option . she gesture at she sheer nightgown . suzie ( cont ’d ) sort of . she smile at Mac . he gaze blankly at she -- suzie ( cont ’d ) well , be you go to invite I in ? it 's cold out here ! Mac look at she breast --- mac I can see that . she step inside . Mac shut the door . suzie waste no time . she lock he in a passionate clinch . they kiss . but Mac 's not respond . suzie what 's wrong ? mac this ...use to be jethro 's room . the attic . 46 . suzie so ? mac when I be a kid ... I be never allow up here ... suzie move closer -- suzie that turn I on even more ... forbidden fruit always taste better . especially ... the cherry . suzie start kissing Mac . he 's not respond . suzie ( cont ’d ) what do you want ? his permission ? no problem . she put she finger to she temple , a " mock seance " -- suzie ( cont ’d ) I be talk to the spirit of jethro macdonald . be it okay to have sex in you old attic with you grandson ? we 'il be careful of the bed -- mac let it go . suzie I bet if he be still alive , he have like to watch . she caress the bedpost -- suzie ( cont ’d ) think of it ..asa threesome . you. me. and .. " jethro . " mac I say that 's enough ! Mac grab she roughly , push she against the wall . suzie stare at he like he 's a alien . suzie get a life ! -- and go out the door , slamming it . 47 . int - bus - night two figure underneath a blanket at the back of the bus . have sex . it 's Rod & candy . then we hear Carl 's voice . carl ( 0.s. ) man . that be the weirdest funeral I have ever see . we move to the front of the bus . ian & carl be chill , totally ignore the kama sutra go on in the back . Ian 's swigging from a bottle of Jack Daniels . carl ( cont ’d ) he almost brain that old lady with a shovel . ian must be a family feud , dude . you ask I ... Mac 's father 's a few bale short of a haystack . carl maybe it run in the family . maybe all farmer go crazy after a while . Ian finish the whiskey , pass the empty bottle to Carl , who 's disappointed . ian I do not know . I could get use to life on a farm . a cloud of smoke blow past Ian . reveal rod & candy , post -coital and now stand right behind they , naked and wrap in a blanket . Rod 's hold a joint . rod I too . he grin , pass it to Ian and Carl -- Ian glance out the bus window . do he just see a figure pass by ? int - barn - night close on the row of hang farm implement , inside the barn . a glove hand reach out -- and select the scythe , pull 48 . it off its hook . we get the feel it 's not go to be use .... for harvest corn tonight . ext - SMALL farmhouse - night a modest farm house in the vicinity of the macdonald farm . it belong to jesse , the old woman we see at the funeral . jesse 's outside , stand by a bonfire , engage in a pagan ritual of protection . she throw a straw doll into the fire . the flame quickly turn it to ash . she sprinkle some sort of spice on the fire . it flare up wildly , with the force of a photographic flash . and as it do -- a figure be suddenly visible ... stand on the other side of the bonfire . the intruder wear a grotesque burlap -stitch mask over its head . dress in farmer 's overall ... and boot that we have see before . --a hellish human scarecrow . -- and in its hand .... the long curve blade of a scythe . the blade of the reaper . jesse .. start back away , she eye fix tight on the scarecrow , a look of fear and possibly recognition on she face -- -- and she turn and run . into the house -- int SMALL farmhouse ( live room ) - continuous breathe sharply , jesse slam the front door , lock it and lean against it . safe only for a moment , because - crash -- the blade of the scythe rip through the wood .. inch from she face . jesse scream . she run towards the kitchen , as the SOUND of splintering wood ring out and -- int - kitchen jesse frantically search drawer for a weapon . a knife ? 49 . int - live room the front window pane break open -- a hand reach in to open the latch . jesse run -- the scarecrow be now inside . on the wall of the house : straw doll , symbol and other hand - make article of protection . the scarecrow slice at they with the scythe , cut they to shred . then the scarecrow stop . listen ... try to determine where its prey have go . ext - back of farmhouse - night the scarecrow come out the back door . moonlight . except for the cricket ... and soft cluck of chicken , it 's quiet . the scarecrow look around . where do she go ? int - chicken house it 's a long structure with hundred upon hundred of chicken - a real chicken nightmare . jesse crouch inside the structure , terrify , try not to make a sound . through the small slat , we can see scarecrow walk slowly past . ext back of farmhouse - continuous the scarecrow pause , then start to head away towards the cornfield . she 's fool he ! int - chicken house jesse relax ever so slightly , as the scarecrow move away . her foot .. touch one of the chicken ! it start cluck -- ext - back of farmhouse the scarecrow .... whip its head around , hearing -- int - chicken house jesse cringe , praying she 's still safe . crash ! the scarecrow 's inside -- 50 . the chicken freak , go crazy , flap they wing -- the scarecrow 's boot trample on egg , smash they . a chaos of chicken and feather , trample egg and crazy peck . still crouching , jesse desperately raise she hand to ward off the blade -- she scream -- the blade , sticky through the mist of chicken blood and feather , slice the air in a shiny arc -- and come to rest with a sicken thump in jesse 's chest . as she blood drain out -- the blade swing again , and again -- ext - farm - sunrise the red and orange flare of the rise sun . int . bus - sunrise candy in Rod 's arm . in the front , Ian & Carl . all asleep . cock a doodle do ! -- a rooster crow . int . live room - sunrise keith wake up , open one eye , hang -over , not happy about the rooster . int - farm house passage - later suzie , now dress , walk down the passage . the rooster crow again , as suzie walk into -- int - live room - continuous keith be up , hang -over and stand in he underwear aim he .38 special through the window . suzie groan . suzie it 's a farm , keith . you be not suppose to shoot the rooster . keith he start it . 51 . suzie you see Mac ? his bed have not be sleep in . keith ( beat ) what ?! you mean .. I sleep on this couch for nothing ?! int - barn - morning a figure sprawle on a bed of hay . head to the side , leg and arm akimbo . no sign of movement . it 's mac . the barn door swing open . sunlight flood in . suzie 's find he , still angry from the night before , she kick he boot . suzie hey -- no reaction . she bend over , shake he -- suzie ( cont 'd ) Mac ! a groan from the floor . Mac raise he head , instinctively shield he eye against the light -- suzie ( cont ’d ) we be almost ready . what the hell be you do out here ? mac I ...heard something ... come in here last night . must have go to sleep . he clutches he head in agony . slowly , he sit up , brush some hay from he clothes . his hand be cut . suzie how have you get that ? play with you pitchfork ? mac picked up one of that shear . blade 's razor sharp . -- where be everyone ? suzie get ready . mac look . you want to talk about this ? 52 . suzie I do not think so . keith 's about to use the rooster for target practice . besides ... you do not seem too interested last night . Mac pull she down on top of he -- mac strange ... I can feel my old self come back ... suzie mmmm - so can li ... a-hem . someone clear they throat . Mac and suzie look up to see jeremiah stand in the doorway . frustrate , suzie get up . suzie ( cont ’d ) Morning jeremiah . but jeremiah keep he eye levele on Mac . jeremiah mornin 's . a beat . suzie turn and look at Mac -- suzie better get a move on . or I will not be able to guarantee the safety of the old macdonald cock much longer . jeremiah raise a eyebrow , as suzie exit . jeremiah woman . can not live with ‘em ... can not shoot ‘em . .. without good reason . Mac half -smile . the scythe be back where it be . a smear of blood on the blade . ext . farm - morning jeremiah sit in a old wooden chair on the porch , whittling a small piece of wood with a pocket knife . the band member be get ready to leave , get on the bus . 53. keith be fasten the dirtbike to the back of the bus . billy bob sure gonna miss you boy . .. need a hand with that ? billy Bob grin , spit tobacco a little too near keith 's nike . over near the house , mac walk up to jeremiah , who 's whittling a piece of wood . Mac pause , try to figure out how to say goodbye . jeremiah glance at the cut on Mac 's hand . then - jeremiah you 'il be back . mac I do not think so . he hold out he hand to Mac . reluctantly , Mac reach out to shake it . jeremiah squeeze . a drop of Mac 's blood fall into the dust . jeremiah you be a macdonald . it 's in you blood . int - bus - morning the band member ... take they seat . candy be already sit by herself , turn over a deck of tarot card . as suzie move past she -- suzie ( dryly ) . let I guess . we be go on a " long trip " . candy ( turn over a card ) not accord to this . Mac enter the bus , sit down by suzie . she notice he hand , bleed slightly . 54 . Carl start the bus . keith could not be happier . keith hallelujah ! ... civilization ... here I come ! suzie ( under she breath ) amen . there Pov : the farm -- through the window of the bus , recede into the distance . jeremiah just stare . billy Bob wave and grin . in response , look through the window , keith give he the finger . billy Bob smile , and give he the finger back . mac , alone in he seat , glance down at the cut on he hand . CUT to : ext - country road - morning -moment later churn up dust , the bus thunder down the bumpy country road , a few mile from the farmhouse . rock music blaring . suddenly , there 's a horrible grind sound . the bus swerve - and the engine cut out . the bus come to rest ina thick cloud of dirt . int - bus carl , at the steering wheel , try to restart it . no dice . just a dead click sound . candy be it suppose to do that ? the other glare at she . ext - country road - morning - later the break - down bus on the side of the road , with its hood up . sitting in the dirt , hot and bother , the band be loung around , wait for Carl to return with help . then , in the distance , almost like a mirage -- a tractor , slowly make its way towards they . 55 . ext - country road - moment later the tractor pull to a halt . carl be sit on the back . and in the driver 's seat , with a grin on he face ... billy Bob , enjoy the moment . billy bob ( especially to keith ) Long time ... no see . ext - macdonald farm - later the bus have be tow back to the farm . suzie and Carl be look under the hood . the other be gather around . suzie look like the alternator . carl yeah . it 's the alternator all right . suzie how would you know ? you be look at my tit . ( beat ) Jesus , Carl . you job be to keep we on the road ! carl I do not do anything --- keith yeah . that 's just the problem . mac tell I you check the bus before we leave , Carl . billy bob have come out of the house , walk over to they -- billy bob just talk to Orwell down at the garage . say get a new alternator for you bus be no problem . keith ( pump he fist ) alright ! billy bob could take a little while , though . 56 . keith what 's a " little while ? " billy bob two .. maybe three day . everyone groan . keith what ?!! I can not fuckin’ believe this !! you mean we be stick in redneck River Valley without a ride ? ( to jeremiah ) no offense . jeremiah none take . the Lord work in mysterious way . Mac lock eye with jeremiah . candy ( whining ) Rod .... I have to get back to my job . suzie someone actually ... employ you ? candy I happen to be a professional . suzie which street corner ? they be about to go at it again -- rod ( grin ) she 's a tarot Card reader at a shopping mall . suzie what a surprise . -- what about we audition ? jeremiah if you be look to practice ... why do not you set up over there ..... in the barn ? while the other appraise the barn .. Mac stare at jeremiah . 57 . ext - back of farm - later ian wander up to keith , a bottle in hand . keith be stand with he .38 in he hand in a fire stance . mac 's watch . irritate with the band 's time waste . blam ! as keith pull the trigger , we see -- several tin can , place on a fence as target . a tin can go fly . keith shoot again . suzie walk up behind keith . suzie ( sarcastic ) have fun , keith ? blam ! keith miss again . keith damn ! you make I miss ! on billy bob lean against a post nearby , watch . he spit tobacco into the dust . billy bob want I to move ‘em a little closer for ya ? keith turn around -- keith you think you can do better " billy Bob " ?? billy Bob grin . walk over to keith , who put the gun in he hand . billy Bob " heft " it for a second -- and then in one deat , effortless motion -- bang ! bang ! bang ! Three can be blast off the fence post . billy Bob grin , pleased with himself . he hand the gun back to keith . 58 . billy bob -- not bad . prefer a shotgun myself . come in much more handy on a farm . ( pause ) ' course , you kind would not know too much about that . keith bristle . keith my kind ? you mean -- black people ? billy Bob grin at he , spit . billy bob musician . ext - barn - day carl , the roadie , be unload the band 's equipment off the bus , staggering under the weight . the other be help , move stuff to the barn . candy pick up a single microphone to carry . jeremiah approach mac. jeremiah .. as long as you be stayin 's ... mind give I a hand ? jeremiah nod to a tractor nearby . mac Carl ! Mac motion to Carl to help jeremiah -- jeremiah ( to Mac ) actually , I be talkin 's about you . a moment as Mac look at he father , then look at the band . Mac pause , try to decide . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) May as well . they be have a good time shoot tin can . ext . farm - moment later mac 's now reluctantly sit next to jeremiah on the tractor . as they head off toward the field -- 59 . mac 's Pov from the moving tractor -- pass by the band member , desert they . keith exchange a " how could he do this ? " look with suzie . Mac turn away . ext . middle of field - day jeremiah and mac be hard at work -- try to remove a tree branch that 's poke through the fence . the tractor 's park nearby . jeremiah feel 's good , do not it . ( pause ) land . a man 's bear on it . a man 's bury on it . in between you just get to do what you can to make a live . it be not easy ... Mac have he shirt off , sweat in the sun . he reach down to the pile of tool nearby , pick up a sharp axe , about to swing it . jeremiah grab the axe handle suddenly . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) not that . Mac glance at the handle . " jethro macdonald " be burn into the handle . jeremiah take out another axe . -- jeremiah ( cont ’d ) try this one ... Mac take it , and with a sure hand , chop off the branch . jeremiah watch proudly . even Mac seem a little pleased with himself . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) just what I say this farm need . a little new blood . 60 . ext - back of farmhouse - afternoon it 's get late . Mac have not return yet . keith come out and the other come out of the barn . keith guess Mac 's still off on the " hayride " . piss -off , keith spy the lone scarecrow in the field . he take careful aim -- blam ! the scarecrow be hit , slump over on its post . ext . - barn - magic hour - later finally return from the field , jeremiah stop the tractor by the barn . Mac look at jeremiah , the beginning of a strange bond form between they . Mac push open the barn door . int . barn the band 's equipment be all set up . but the band be nowhere to be see . Mac 's miss the practice . leave Mac alone , jeremiah drive the tractor toward the back of the house -- a scarecrow ... start to stand up in the sun . we pull back , revealing - - ext . field - morning jeremiah be in the cornfield , fixing the scarecrow that keith shot . he hoist it up , affixing to a pole . he look over he shoulder , hearing , loud rock music , come from ... the barn . int . barn - day the band .... be attempt to play a upbeat rock number . billy Bob and candy be they " audience " . Mac be play rhythm guitar , but he seem to have something else on he mind . suzie look across at he , perturb . then something else distract she . she hold up she hand , stop the music -- 61 . suzie hold it , hold it . be not you forget something , Rod ? rod like what ? suzie like you guitar break . rod it 's come right up . after the third verse . suzie second verse ! rod jeez , what 's the difference ? just ' cause it 's rock and roll , do not mean it 's be set in stone . suzie look at Mac . he look pale . keith you wanna know the difference ? the difference be that you be screwing up the song . rod yeah . sure . I be screwing up the song . you be the one who 's be two beat behind since we kick it off . Mac be not pay attention . mac 's ... sweating , stare transfix . keith what the fuck you talk about , man ? suzie he 's right . you be behind . but suzie 's distract , watch Mac carefully . Max plug he lead into one of the mixing console . blood gush down the perspex channel ... 62 . keith bullshit ! next thing you x11 be tell I , black man do not have rhythm ! -- and then , as Mac watch , the blood be go ... just as quickly as it appear . keith ( cont ’d ) yo. " billy Bob " . be I two beat behind , or what ? billy bob ( shaking he head ) nope . keith see ? billy bob you be a beat and a quarter behind . keith fuck you ! if you be such a expert on music , why do not you go get you dueling banjo and sit in on the next song ? billy bob I be not never play a banjo in my life . billy Bob stand over keith 's electric organ .. play a burst of toccata and fugue with flawless grace and precision . he stop , grin widely at keith -- billy bob ( cont ’d ) ... but I do play some organ in church on Sunday . Mac look at the cut on he hand . it look worse . he take he guitar off . it hit the ground with a squelch of feedback . mac ( sour ) you guy figure it out . I be take a break . keith yeah . good idea . go milk the cow , feed the chicken . 63. Mac walk out , slamm the barn door . keith look at everyone innocently , especially suzie . keith ( cont ’d ) .. what ? ext . farmhouse - late afternoon Mac examine the small carve figure he receive from billy Bob at the club . it 's slightly burnt , with the stem snap off . he pick at the stem with a small penknife and look around and pick up a piece of wood which he examine and start to whittle . suzie walk up to find Mac . she watch he whittling a small piece of wood , try to fit a stem onto the figure . suzie you wanna tell I what 's go on ? Mac look up . he 's preoccupy with the stem and the damage figure . mac you would not understand . suzie you never have trouble communicate before . Mac pause in he whittling . then go back to it . suzie lose it . she grab the knife and wood from he hand . suzie ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong with you ? look , if you want to bail on I , that 's fine . but not the band . she throw the stem and the figure on the ground . suzie ( cont ’d ) keith 's right . the sooner we get off this farm ... the better . Mac watch she . he pick up the figure . int . live room - late afternoon on keith 's gun -- rest on a table . keith , in he sock , be take a nap on the couch . suddenly , we hear a loud mooooooo000 , from a cow . 64 . keith wake up -- and glance at the floor . something 's miss . his expensive nike be go . he get down on he hand and knee , feel around under the couch . nope . no nike . keith shit ! ! keith grab he gun , head out --- ext - farm - late afternoon keith walk across the yard , gun in hand , really piss . he 's barefoot , step on rock and bramble -- keith ow ! fuck. ow !! int - barn - late afternoon suzie , Carl , Rod and candy be in the barn by they instrument . they be listen to a track they record earlier , on they mixing - desk . keith burst in , a volcano about to explode . he have the .38 tuck in he belt . keith do any of you take my nike ? they all stare at he blankly . keith ( cont ’d ) -- that 's what I think . keith remove he gun and take off . the other look at one another . this could be trouble . ext - back of farmhouse - late afternoon billy Bob be hoe the garden by the side of the house . suddenly --keith come out of nowhere -- keith okay , farm Boy . joke 's over . you have be playin’ I from jump street . where 's my nike ? billy bob nike ? what - the-hail you talkin’ about ? billy Bob spit some tobacco .... a little too close to keith 's bare foot . 65 . mac and the other rush to the scene and freeze . mac keith ! keith ignore they , throws billy Bob up against the fence ... and put he .38 to billy Bob 's head . keith listen to I , you banjo - dueling , country ass hayseed ... I want my nike and I want they now ! billy bob you ... think ... i...stole ... you ... fancy shoe ? I ..would not .. be .. catch ..dead in ’em . keith lose it , cock he .38 special at billy Bob 's temple . billy Bob continue to smile , almost dare he to pull the trigger - keith I be gonna count to three . one . two --- and a hand grab keith , whipping he around . keith 's Pov : it 's mac . he punch keith in the face . keith take a swing back , pin Mac against the barn . Mac throw he off with force . keith hit the dust . blood trickle from he mouth . his gun go fly . Mac pick up the gun ... level it at keith . mac how do it feel , keith ? keith fuck you ! fuck all of you ! I be do kickin’ it with cow and rooster . -- and drink moonshine with johnny Cash ! senior and junior ! 66 . mac be that right ? keith yeah , that 's right ! I be outta here - y’all can kiss my city ass goodbye !... I be go with the wind . keith pull the gun out Mac 's hand . keith ( cont ’d ) and fuck you too . you be just as crazy as all of ‘em ... " macdonald . " it 's probably the first time keith 's ever call Mac by he last name . mac ( ice ) you be talk about my family . beat. keith ... I do not even know you any more , man . Mac stare coldly as keith tuck he gun in he pants . jeremiah put he hand on Mac 's shoulder - - a father comforting a son . this do not go unnotice by suzie . as keith storm off -- ext - farm house - magic hour vrrrrroooom . as a old pair of shoe kick start the dirtbike . it 's keith . steam mad . he 's pack he thing and he 's leave . by the house , suzie , Carl , Ian , Rod & candy watch grimly . ian well , there go we record deal . rod Nah . we still get billy Bob . he mimic billy Bob 's keyboard move with he hand . Rod snicker . 67 . keith peel out on the bike , leave the bus - - and the farm behind in a cloud of dust . ext . farmland road - dusk the light of a dirt - bike cut like a blade through the grow darkness . the harvest moon overhead . on the bike , keith , speed furiously away from the farm . he open the throttle as the wind whip at he face . ext . - further down the road - moment later keith 's make good time on the bike . something catch he eye by the side of the road . he hit the brake , stop the dirtbike suddenly in a cloud of dust . on the side of the road : he see a scarecrow . perched on two piece of wood in front of the cornfield . it be not there before .... be it ? burlap-stitch face . overall . straw . and ..... keith squint at it . it can not be . get off he bike , he move closer to the scarecrow ... as we follow he gaze : for , on the scarecrow 's foot .......... be keith 's nike . keith motherfucker !!!! keith whip out he 38 special ... shout into the cornfield , point he gun wildly -- keith ( cont ’d ) you think this be funny , billy Bob ?!! nothing but corn , wave slightly in the breeze . keith cock he pistol -- keith ( cont ’d ) why do not you come on out , hillbilly , and we 'il " talk " about it ?!! no answer from the cornfield . nothing . keith ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) yeah . do not think so . fuckin 's redneck ... 68. keith tuck the gun in he belt . he start to remove he three hundred dollar nike from the scarecrow . he pull on the right shoe . it 's not come off so easily . he tug on it again . and again . finally , he succeed in pull it off --- revealing -- a human foot . keith ( cont ’d ) what the ...f --- keith reach up toward the burlap scarecrow mask . he yank it off -- it 's a human face . although keith do not recognize she , we do . it 's Karen , one of the teenager who be murder earlier . keith turn around to scream into the night -- when he come face to face with -- another scarecrow . now stand behind he . and this one 's quite alive . it hold a scythe in its hand . keith ( cont ’d ) yaaaaaaaaaa ! as the blade of the scythe go into keith 's thigh like butter . keith stagger backwards , fall . unable to walk , he try to crawl backwards ... and away . the scarecrow watch , almost study its prey . and in he terror and pain , keith remember ..... he pistol !! he might just survive this after all . he remove it from he belt , summoning all he courage . the scarecrow calmly watch , as keith raise the pistol , 69 . shakily aim at the burlap face . keith ( cont ’d ) you should have ask the wizard for some brain , asshole . triumphant , keith squeeze the trigger and -- click . huh ? keith pull the trigger again . and again . click . click . click . nothing . the scarecrow --dramatically open its glove fist . all of keith 's bullet slowly hit the ground . somehow , someone have previously remove they from keith 's gun . the scarecrow hack keith again with the scythe . the gun clatter to the dirt . blood spurting , keith begin crawl away . if he can just somehow get to he dirt bike ... take its time , the scarecrow advance ...closer ... closer . raise the scythe one last time .... CUT to : a tarot card be turned over . it 's " the three of sword " . ( three sword stick into a bloody heart ) we reveal we be in -- ext . graveyard - night candle be burn . candy sit cross -legge , by herself , do a night read . it 's spooky . she look at the card , unsettle . suddenly , she hear footstep and look up . it 's suzie ... come into the candlelight . the two woman regard one another . another fight ? suzie hi. 70 . candy '' hi. suzie .. you any good with that ? a attempt at reconciliation . candy half smile , hold out the deck of card . candy shuffle . ext . cornfield - night we pan slowly across -- -- row of corn , illuminate by the bright light of the harvest moon . amidst the chirp of cicadas , we hear familiar voice -- ian ( 0.s. ) you be out of you mind , man . rod I be not ! I be tell you , it 's worth its weight in gold . ian let I get this straight ... we be talk about manure ? the camera find -- -- Rod and Ian , lean against the business end of a gigantic combine harvester and thresher . it 's in silhouette . they be share a impressive - look marijuana spliff -- rod the ancient aztecs know how powerful this stuff be . ian ( after a moment 's think ) cowshit ? be you sure the aztecs even have cow ? Rod hand he the joint , as he ponder this . rod manure be the very essence of what we eat and who we be . matter of fact , you be even smoking some of it right now . 71 . Ian , midway through a deep puff , nod thoughtfully , and then - hack and splutter like a first - time smoker . ian be you crazy ? rod sprinkle a pinch of manure in there just before I roll it . Rod grin . Ian contemplate the joint , eye Rod suspiciously , draw on it again -- ian hmmm . this shit be not bad . rod manure ... be life . he take a puff . a beat , as they sit stone . ian what be we lean against ? CUT to : a tarot card be turned over : the Moon card . int . graveyard - night candy you have a strong unfufilled desire . suzie yeah . to get the hell off this farm . candy no . this be something spiritual . a ambition . suzie the band . she turn over another card : the Empress . suzie ( cont ’d ) me? 72 . candy smile , turn over another card . candy the ten of sword . ext . cornfield - night - minute later Rod and Ian be explore the innard of the combine harvester , peer at the blade and roller . they look almost like ... sword . rod this , my friend , be the most powerful farm machine know to man . a combine harvester and thresher . Ian nod thoughtfully . ian so ... what do it do ? rod it harvest ! it threshes ! look at this blade . he use he hand to demonstrate -- rod ( cont ’d ) go ahead . feel for yourself . it 's the last thing on earth Ian want to do -- rod ( cont ’d ) come on , man . what kind of pussy be you ? Ian pluck up the courage -- reverse angle -- ian hand , slowly ... get closer ... poke through the front of the harvester . get even closer to the sharp blade .... then , just as he touch the blade -- whoomph ! !! the combine harvester engine start up . Ian withdraw he hand -- just in the nick of time as the harvester roar to life . the blade draw a thin gash of blood on he wrist . 73 . the harvester 's headlight snap on , blaze , its engine roaring -- Rod and Ian be trap in the beam of light , like scared rabbit . and then , the engine be CUT , die . a silhouette walk out in front of the headlight , directly in front of they . it 's billy bob . billy bob you boy ... alright ? ian ( furious ) what the hell be you do ?! billy bob my job . I always move the harvester to the south field before sunrise . rod you could have kill we ! billy Bob grin at they . billy bob guess I do not see you there ... this time of night . billy Bob sniff the air -- billy bob ( cont ’d ) what 's that funny smell ? ( pause ) it smell like .... rod manure . ( to Ian ) come on . let 's go back to the house . Rod shepherd Ian away -- ian asshole . off billy bob , who watch with a grin on he face . int . graveyard -same time candy turn over another card . 74 , candy aha . the Lovers . suzie not lately . suzie reach out to turn over the last card . hesitates . candy that 's the oppose card . what lie ahead you will have to confront . suzie turn it over . candy ( cont ’d ) the devil . the candle begin to flicker --- suddenly go out . the girl be now in complete darkness . ina graveyard . they gasp . beat . candy light a match , illuminate she face . she light a candle . they giggle at themselves for be scared . a bond moment . ext . farm house - morning the rooster , crow loudly at the break of the day . int - farm ( live - room ) - same time the couch be empty . no keith . the rooster - he sunrise nemesis - have outlive he . int . mac 's bedroom - morning Mac have just get up . he look on the dresser . there 's a long mahogany case that be not there before . he stare at it . jeremiah ( 0.s. ) Little present . Mac turn to see jeremiah stand in the doorway . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) go ahead . open it . 75 . Mac do . Inside ... be jethro 's favorite axe . it 's Mac 's now . ext . - farm - afternoon the axe , raise high , and then cut a deep gash into a heavy block of wood . Mac be hard at work , chopping firewood . he stop for a moment , wipe he brow , and look across at the farmhouse , where he see -- the rest of the band -- Rod , Ian , suzie , and Carl - be stand together talk . and not about the weather . although we can not hear what they be say , it 's clear that they be talk about mac. Mac 's become a outcast . Mac grit he tooth . he swing the axe high again as -- we hear the SOUND of a car pull up on the gravel outside . it 's the sheriff 's car . gene the preacher be drive . only this time , he 's wear he sheriff 's hat . all dress in khaki , with a gun on he hip . hear the car , jeremiah step out of the farmhouse and walk onto the driveway . the sheriff get out of the car . jeremiah gene . gene miss you at church this morning , jeremiah . jeremiah you be not go to arrest I for it , be you ? gene Hell , no . but you miss a damn good sermon . " you can not hide a wick heart from the eye of the Lord . " jeremiah sound familiar . gene Book of jeremiah . 76 . across the yard , the other be watch . on jeremiah carl ( puzzle ) hey , be not that the preacher ? suzie find out what 's hold thing up . I want to get the hell off this farm . jeremiah you here on official business ? gene produce a couple of small photograph from he pocket . sheriff couple a teenager from the next county go missin’ last week on they way to a concert . Parents think something might have happen to ’em . take a look . maybe you see ’em before . jeremiah look at the photograph . a pause . jeremiah seem uneasy . be that a flash of recognition in he eye ? he hand the photograph back -- gene gene gene away blink . jeremiah oh yeah . this two . buried ‘em myself last week over by the cornfield . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) Hell , gene , I be just yanking you chain ! never see ’em before in my life . you know kid . probably smashed up daddy 's car , and now they be too afraid to go home . nod , unconvince . gene yeah . could be . glance over at the band , with Mac some distance 77 . gene ( cont ’d ) think you boy and he band be only stay the night . jeremiah Bus break down . gene nod . then study the other . bob where 's the black fella ? jeremiah he 's be axed . from the band . ext . wooded area - dusk a small , rusty old shed , hide amongst the tree and undergrowth , some distance from the main property . the door open . jeremiah emerge , carry two bottle of moonshine , with gene in tow . gene you know , one day I be go to have to shut down that still of yours , jeremiah . jeremiah well , why do not you hold this as evidence in the meantime . he wink , put the bottle of moonshine in the back seat of the sheriff 's car , park nearby . on ian & rod behind a clump of bush , observe they -- ian should we be do this , dude ? rod metaphysical question , man . ext barn - night suzie ... all alone , walk to the old barn . stand in the shadow ... be billy Bob . he watch she . suzie push open the barn door , go inside . 78 . int - barn - continuous it 's very dark . a little moonlight . she seem to be look for something . she click on she flashlight . the flashlight beam hit -- the wooden barn wall . a spiderweb . it move along the wall , suzie hear a noise . someone 's in the barn with she . suzie anybody here ? she whip the flashlight beam to she right to reveal -- some old rusty farm implement hang from the ceiling . one be a farm machete . the tool swing slightly in the breeze . or do someone push they ? a figure 's stand right behind suzie . she gasp . then recognize carl . a odd look in he eye . maybe it 's just the beam of the flashlight , but he appear suddenly menace and sinister . suzie dammit , Carl !!!! carl sorry . he light a match , and touch it to the fuse of a kerosene lamp . shadows flicker on the wall . Carl smile , thrilled to have suzie to himself . suzie okay , I be here . what 's with all the cloak and dagger shit ? Carl offer she some of he beer . she refuse . he take a slug , take he time . carl there 's something weird go on here , suzie . suzie no shit . 79 . carl I be serious . get this . I have a careful look at that alternator . it 's clearly be mess with ... it 's not wear and tear that cause that breakdown ... suzie you be say someone 's try to keep we on the farm ...? carl not someone - mac. suzie 's unsure about this . suzie why would he do that ? Carl lean in closer . carl he do not want we to leave . he 's be act weird ever since we get here . suzie come on -- carl suzie , face it . the only " axe " he 's pick up since we come here ... be a real one . he do not give a damn about the band anymore ... or about you . she look up , stung . carl ( cont ’d ) you deserve better . there 's a loud clatter somewhere in the barn . suzie start . suzie Jesus . I do not know what 's wrong with I Carl can not believe he luck . suzie 's jump almost into he arm . suzie ( cont ’d ) .. I think I ’1l1 take you up on that beer after all . 80 . she downs a long swig as Carl watch , he arm inching around she body . he begin stroking she arm . carl I never tell you this ... but when I watch you up on stage , perform ... he work he finger up towards she neck . carl ( cont ’d ) something happen to I ... something deep inside ... Carl reach out , stroking she neck , move he hand down . suzie close she eye rest she head against the coolness of the beer bottle . carl ( cont ’d ) you need someone who care for you . suzie open she eye . Carl have he lip pucker , move towards she - he eye close romantically . suzie Carl , what be you do ? carl you need someone who can protect you , suzie . suzie stop Carl with she hand on he chest . she feel the shape in he pocket - a foil - wrap condom , visible through Carl 's shirt pocket . she pull it out , hold it delicately between she finger . suzie with this ?!!! Carl groan . he 's blow it . suzie turn to leave and notice Carl 's camcorder , strategically place on a amplifier , face they . she stop . the red " recording " light be on . suzie explode . suzie ( cont ’d ) you be taping I ?! you fuck pervert ! she pick up the camcorder , hurl it hard at Carl . it miss he , land on the straw . suzie ( cont ’d ) I hope I break it . asshole . 81 . suzie exit , fume , slamm the barn door . Carl pick up the camcorder , check to see it 's still work -- the flip - screen light up . whew. carl ( into the lens ) note to self : next time put condom in back pocket . ext . farm - night suzie , have come from the barn , stop , hear movement in the corn field . someone 's in there . suzie freeze . suddenly -- rod & ian burst through the corn . they hold bottle of steal moonshine , obviously pretty waste . rod " Old macdonald ...had -- " ian " -- a axe ! " rod & ian " e-i - E - I - ohhh ! " they collapse into drunken laughter ian " with a hack - hack here -- " rod " and a slash - slash there -- " ian hi suze . suzie -- where have you two be ? rod we ? we be .... moonlight . they burst out laugh , display the bottle . ian he mean moon shine . rod harvest moonshine ! 82. ian Old macdonald have some . . moonshine ! as they start to sing -- int . barn - same time carl 's still in the barn , fiddling with he camcorder hum one of the band 's song . he look closely at the camcorder screen . on the screen : a pair of black farm boot . we have see they before . they be move closer . and the camcorder 's not on play . it 's recording . carl huh ? carl blink . he look up from the camcorder screen , just ain time to see -- the scarecrow .. bigger than life , right in front of he , swinging a axe -- Carl duck in the nick of time -- the camcorder go fly , landing on some straw ; carl be freaking out , diving for he life . the axe whizze past he -- carl ( cont 'd ) yaaaaaaaaa ! CUT to : ian & rod ( howling at the moon ) awooo00000000000 ! -- which cover the sound of Carl scream . they be now in -- ext . graveyard - night Ian take a sip of the moonshine -- rod where 's Mac ? 83. suzie who know ? just like a man.. never around when you need they . ian we be here .... int - barn - same time the scarecrow swing the axe again -- carl narrowly avoid the blade , but back into the band 's mixing board . it go on .... and one of the band 's song start play through a loud speaker . the scarecrow stop a second , reacting -- ext - graveyard - same time suzie , Ian and Rod suddenly hear the music come from the barn -- suzie Carl . probably play with himself . back to : int - barn -same time as the scarecrow move closer , carl pick up a fender stratocaster guitar . he hold it by the body , use the neck of the guitar as he weapon . the band 's song continue in the background , punctuate the action -- the axe swing down at he -- and Carl block it with the fender -- crash ---- part of Ian 's drum kit fall over . ext - graveyard - night - same time ian wait a second . do you hear that ? rod , ian and suzie pause to listen a second . 84 . rod yeah , man . you be wrong , suze . my solo definitely work better in the second verse . ian he 's right . Nice guitar break . int barn -same time smash ! the guitar break against the wall , as Carl swing it , miss the scarecrow , and splintering into piece . the scarecrow 's axe rip across Carl 's arm , draw blood . carl drop what 's leave of the guitar -- carl aaaaaaaaaaaa - - ext graveyard - same time suzie he should turn that music down . jeremiah 's gonna kill he . int - barn - same time carl , bleed , run for the barn door . if he can only get to it in time . the scarecrow 's right behind he . carl reach to open the barn door from inside , when -- twak ! the scarecrow 's axe plunge into he back . ext - graveyard - same time Ian , Rod , and suzie be still sit in the graveyard , giggle . suzie shout out to the night -- suzie hey Carl -- kill the music ! int - barn a glove hand calmly reach out ... and flick the switch . the red light go out . the music die . and so do Carl . 85 . ext - farm - same time suzie , rod & ian thank you !!! ian , sway on he foot , get set to take another swig of moonshine . suzie grab the bottle from he -- ian hey ! she swig deeply , finish the moonshine , as Ian and Rod look on in amazement . she wipe she mouth with the back of she hand . suzie thanks . I need that . she hand the empty bottle ---- to Ian . ext farm house - day establish . int - barn - day the cock crow . rod , candy , ian and suzie push open the barn door . Ian and Rod be especially hang - over from the night before . rod ( hang over ) my head feel like a goat sit on it . candy ( you dick ) I wonder why . suddenly , they all freeze , stare in amazement . the place have be trashed . ian survey he drumkit , now strewn around the ground . Rod pick up he smashed guitar . rod my axe !!! someone jimi hendrix my axe !!! candy put a sympathetic hand on he shoulder . 86 . suzie Carl . rod carl ??? Carl do this ?!! suzie last night ..he try to get it on with I . ian and . .?? suzie I have rather have a paper cut . this be how he deal with it . ian trash we instrument ??! rod someone better tell mac. suzie why bother ? ian when I find Carl ... he 's a dead man ! ext - farm - macdonald gravesite ( same time ) Mac 's there ... stare at the macdonald tombstone . a voice interrupt he . billy bob Heard from Orwell down at the garage . alternator should be here by the end of the day . Mac nod . not really interested . billy Bob lean over pick up a empty bottle of moonshine . billy bob ( cont ’d ) come to pick out a plot for yourself ? Mac ignore he , stare at jethro 's grave . billy bob ( cont ’d ) ' course , some folk say ‘ol jethro should not have be bury up here ... with the rest of the macdonalds . 87 . mac meaning ? billy bob Hell , he be you grandfather . you know what he do . Mac seem puzzle . he turn to look billy Bob in the eye -- billy bob ( cont ’d ) maybe you be too young to remember . billy Bob grin -- billy bob ( cont ’d ) maybe you do not want to remember . mac what be you talk about ? billy bob 's course , it 's none of my business . mac let 's say today , we make it you business . billy Bob turn to leave -- stop . turn around . billy bob why do you think you mother take you away from this place ? now Mac 's really interested . billy bob ( cont ’d ) you ever hear of ... the harvest of blood ? mac ( disdainfully ) superstition . billy bob you grandfather sure believe in it . worked pretty good ...too . mac Chicken blood on the crop . 88. billy bob ( grin ) ... Chicken blood ? who say it be .. " chicken blood " ? that land . billy bob ( cont ’d ) sheriff say a couple of kid be miss . an’ no one 's see jesse for day . .. you ask I ... someone 's carry on the macdonald tradition .. enrage , Mac grab billy Bob . billy bob ( cont ’d ) harvest should be pretty good soon .... Mac follow billy Bob 's look . in the middle of the corn be the derelict steel structure - dry , shrivel corn rustling all around it . he loosen he grip on billy Bob .... and walk back down the hill . int - barn area - late afternoon Ian and Rod be hunt for Carl by the fence . Ian hold a baseball bat . rod Carl ! oh carrrrl ! ian come out , come out wherever you be ! int . barn - late afternoon suzie 's alone in the barn , look for sign of Carl . through the mess , suzie see -- Carl 's camcorder , lie on its side she pick it up , switch it on . she rewind , then press " play " . on the camcorder screen : a blur of image , shot from a low angle . some kind of struggle go on , drown out to the sound of blaring rock music . thing get knock over . we 89 . can see Carl 's foot -- and someone else 's . in a pair of black farm boot . suzie ve. carli ... suzie -- fast -forward - - to see : on the camcorder screen : a glove hand reach toward the ground and pull open what look like a trap door in the barn floor . that 's all -- then the camcorder go to static . suzie look around , zeroing in on the exact location . she brushes the hay away -- revealing -- the edge of a hide trap door ! she pull the metal ring . it open -- and as she look down into it . reverse angle - looking up at suzie her face peer over the edge , tentatively look into darkness . she 's not thrilled about this new development . suzie okkkay . suddenly - - voice be Carl down there ? suzie 's startle . she turn to see ..... candy , who 's just come into the barn . ext . field near steel structure - day jeremiah seem to be check out part of the steel structure . suddenly Mac appear through the cornstalk . jeremiah whirl , training he shotgun on he . jeremiah damn , boy . I think you be a gopher . jeremiah slowly lean the shotgun against the steel structure . Mac look up at it . 90 . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) you like it ? irrigation system . you grandaddy build it himself . save the land from die . mac that 's a good idea . maybe we should have a little " talk " about grandaddy jethro . jeremiah sure . what do you want to know . mac people say he be a murderer . jeremiah that 's you grandfather you be talk about ! ( pause ) I ... know what people say . Heard it .. all my life . jeremiah compose himself .... jeremiah ( cont ’d ) .. rumor 's thick as buttermilk around this part . you grandaddy .. be a great man . int . billy bob 's shack - day billy Bob be sit at a table in he old woodcutter shack . there 's a row of bullet stand upend on the table in front of he . he take a deep swig of moonshine . he lift a gun and start to load the chamber . but it 's not just any gun . it 's keith 's gun . it belong to billy Bob now . as he load the bullet -- billy bob Old macdonald ...had a axe..ei , ei oh ... int . barn - same time candy hold the ladder as suzie descend down , down into -- int - secret basement - same time suzie be at the base of the ladder . she aim the beam of she flashlight at some old tool .. piece of farm equipment ... 91 . she listen a second , grow uneasy . no way she 's stay here alone . candy ( 0.s. ) suzie ??? suzie ( to herself ) the hell with this . ( shout ) I be come back up !!! as she 's about to go back up the step -- she hear a steady drip , drip , drip come from somewhere . whatever it be , it do not sound good . she can not help herself . she 's get to look . steeling herself , she slowly shine she flashlight , revealing --- rusty old irrigation pipe - part of some bigger primitive contraption . like the contraption we see before the fire . more tangle now , and rusty . but with the clear plastic sacs and clear pipe still ready for use . suzie lean back , press against a lever . the machine choke to life , drive by the thunderous sound of a powerful pump . int . barn-continuous candy hear the strange noise , grow unnerve -- candy suzie ...? int - secret basement - continuous suzie , transfix by the sight of the macabre machine come to life , liquid gush through the pipe and valve . that 's not water . it 's blood . suzie jerk the torchlight to the source of the thunderous sound above she . she throw herself back , drop she blackness - and the chaos of the machine rattling , suck and pump . and suzie gasp for breath in the dark . 92 . suzie 's in extreme shock . she 's gasp , breathless into the dark - suzie please . .. help I ... she scramble around on all four try to find the torch . she 's get it in she shaking hand with the beam still off . she force herself to shine the torch up to the source of the pipe ... and see -- keith 's dead body . arm outstretch ... like a scarecrow . we catch a brief glimpse : a network of pipe and feed be insert into keith 's body - right next to he , in the same manner , be Carl . suzie scream - - ext . field - dusk Mac and jeremiah hear suzie 's scream -- ext . - farm - dusk -- and so do Rod & Ian -- int - barn - later - night suzie be sobbing . everyone 's in various state of incomprehension and panic . Mac slam the trap door have just take a look ... in the barn 's basement . Rod try to comfort candy , who 's almost catatonic , hold she chakra crystal necklace tightly . ian fuck man ! this be fuck ! they be all dead ! what the fuck 's go on ? jeremiah I be tell you -- that basement have not be use for year . slave hide there .. before the civil war - - rod we have get to call someone - - get the sheriff -- 93 . ian the sheriff ?! we do not need the sheriff !!! we need to get the hell out of here ! mac we have get to find out who do this -- rod no way , man -- I be not go hunt for a serial killer ! mac shut up ! let I think . ian what 's to think about ? we all know what 's go on !! ( point to jeremiah ) it 's he ! case close ! jeremiah -- you be say I do this ? you be say I kill you friend ?! ian -- kill they ?? --- bled they like sheep ! we be next ! Ian clenches he fist and begin move towards jeremiah . jeremiah if I want you dead ... I could kill you right now ! jeremiah point he shotgun directly at Ian -- Ian freeze . jeremiah lower it slightly . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) ... I do not do anything ... Mac grab the shotgun , then grab jeremiah -- mac then who ?! because someone want another blood harvest . with human blood , jeremiah ! just like jethro ! who do he kill back then , jeremiah ? farmhand ? transient ? people no one would miss ? " crazy Old macdonald ! " but now .. it 's start again , be not it ? ( more ) 94 . mac ( cont ’d ) someone 's pick up where jethro leave off ! jeremiah -- it 's not I ! mac ( raging ) who then , jeremiah ?? -- who ?! beat . and then -- suzie have anyone see ... billy Bob ? Mac loosen he hold on jeremiah . good question . where the heck be billy Bob ? int - billy bob 's shack - moment later -night the door burst open -- as Mac , Ian , candy , suzie , Rod and jeremiah enter . Mac be hold jeremiah 's shotgun . billy Bob 's currently not at home . rod okay . nobody here . let 's go . it 's a messy room . Old Magazine picture on the wall . almost in a trance , candy sit down , take out she tarot card . there 's a incriminate machete with blood stain on the table . Mac stare at it , pick it up . mac look like " billy Bob 's " .. be busy . there 's a tall , brown upright cupboard by the kitchen sink just begging to be open . Ian reach out , pull it -- squawk !!!! --- billy Bob 's " pet chicken " -- burst out of the cupboard --- flap , squawk --- and scare the shit out of everybody . Ian look lamely at the other , he 's just about wet he pants . 95 . suzie continue search , open drawer next to the sink . fork . knive . utensil . and then --- suzie oh my God . she pull out a .38 special from the drawer .... with a pearl handle . suzie ( cont ’d ) it 's .... keith 's . they look at one another . case close . billy Bob 's the killer . mac take keith 's gun ... and be about to hand the shotgun to jeremiah . instead ... hand it to Ian . jeremiah and Mac lock eye . no trust . Rod hold up a telephone wire . rod it get worse . he 's cut all the phone line . suzie ( to Mac ) what 's 1l1 we do ? as if in answer , candy turn over a tarot card . it 's .... death . not exactly what Mac want to see right now . he shoot out he arm , knock the deck --- the card flutter to the floor . int / ext - pickup truck - night Ian , Rod , and jeremiah sit in the back . Mac 's behind the wheel , with suzie and candy next to he . he 's turn the key in the ignition . the engine will not turn over . mac shit ! as they watch in silence , Mac get out of the car , open the hood . he hold up the wire , that have be severe . game over . they be trap . 96 . ext - edge of farm - night - moment later stand together , nervous . they have flashlight -- -- and they be armed to the tooth . Ian have the shotgun ... Mac hold keith 's pistol . rod hold a pitchfork , suzie hold a long kitchen knife . they be armed ... except for candy . jeremiah it 's a twenty - minute walk to the next farm . we can phone from there . quickest way be to cut through the field . beat . no one 's sure who to trust . mac ( to jeremiah ) after you . click -clack ! ian pump he shotgun , chamber a cartridge -- ext - cornfield - night high angle - jeremiah in front , Mac at the back , suzie , Ian and Rod in the middle , walk through the cornfield . nobody really trust anyone else . they flashlight cast eerie beam across the moonlit cornfield . they continue on for a while , in silence . jeremiah be walk briskly ahead , almost out of sight . they round a corner . rod wait a second ... where 's jeremiah ? he 's nowhere around . vanish . mac ( loud whisper ) jeremiah ? 97 . there 's a strange rustling sound of corn . something 's not right -- even though they can still see jeremiah 's flashlight beam . mac ( cont ’d ) . shit . as Mac , Ian , Rod and suzie go into the next row of corn ... ... they see jeremiah 's flashlight -- still light , but hang on a old , half - rotted scarecrow , just rag and straw . jeremiah 's go ! suzie oh god . mac remove the flashlight from the old scarecrow . sweep the area , training he gun on the empty row of corn . and then suddenly they be bathed in blinding light ! they shield they eye , momentarily disorient and blind . two old , powerful light at the top of the steel structure have switch on . suddenly , there 's a whirring , whooshing SOUND , come from among the row of corn -- the band member duck in fear . they be ... drench . as the sprinkler come on , suzie , Ian , Rod , and Mac try to escape the onslaught . within second , they be get spray . but something 's wrong -- ' water 's sparkles red in the light . suzie feel the sticky , warm sensation on she hand . suddenly she hand and face be cover in red .... it 's not just water . suzie ( cont ’d ) oh my God ... it 's .. a moment of stunne silence . mac - it 's blood . candy scream . the group be freak . they flee from the field in panic - desperate to try to wipe the blood off . 98 . the combine harvester park nearby suddenly roar to life . suzie what the hell 's that ? ian you do not want to know . as it revs up , coming straight at they --- mac runt ! iiitt Ian turn tail and sprint for he life - in one direction , alone . suzie be freeze like a deer in the headlight . the harvester be bear down on they , and -- mac push suzie into the cornfield , out of harm 's way , just in time . Mac try to get away himself ... but he can not . the harvester , bear down on he , and -- mac dive off the path into the cornfield , the harvester close behind . he 's on the ground now , and -- mac 's Pov : the harvester huge , loom about to run he over . suzie Mac !!! maaaaac ! no answer . then all be quiet . ext -a row of corn - same time candy , now alone , stumble blindly along the row of corn . she just might make it . lightn flare in the sky . up ahead , camouflage by corn , she see a car ! a convertible ... with the top slashed . be sit there for day . the window be dusty -- maybe the key be in it ! candy scramble closer , whip open the front door and see -- nothing . it 's empty . she scoot inside , frantically 99 . look for the key . she hear someone come ... and slink down ... hide . ext - another part of the cornfield - night Ian be lose in the maze of corn , separate from the group . have he escape ? suddenly -- to he right -- the headlight come on -- and the harvester revs up again -- come straight for he . ian run for he life , come to the end of the corn row -- and fall against ------ a barbed wire fence . he clamber over the fence cut himself on barb wire as he do so . on the harvester come closer .... on ian ... struggle , try to untangle himself . he 's not go to make it . the harvester loom over he . he swing around , bleed and catch on the fence . ian fuck you in hell !!! blam ! blam ! ian fire the shotgun . the harvester keep on come . as the huge rotate motor pull he and the fence into the whirling blade ian aaaaaaaaaaaaaaal heel L ee ! he 's chop meat . on the corn as Ian 's blood be spray over the stalk , more bloody " irrigation " -- ext - still another part of the cornfield - night suzie blindly continue on -- and come face to face with - the scarecrow . she gasp -- and then see -- the scarecrow 's hand across the pole -- moving ! it 's the 100 . killer . and suzie 's have enough of this shit -- suzie eat this !!!! she kick the scarecrow between the leg and thrust she knife straight into the scarecrow 's chest all in one fluid move . and she see : blood . come from the wound . she pull the knife out . and hear a low moan . she whip off the scarecrow 's burlap " mask " to reveal -- billy Bob . Duct tape over he mouth , unable to talk . someone 's tie he up , dress he up as the scarecrow . as he wide die eye stare into hers , suzie realize she 's make a mistake -- suzie ( cont ’d ) noooooo !!!!! I be .... sorry -- suzie back away , and --sensing something , whirl around to see -- another scarecrow . not fastened to a pole , but stand in front of she . a old hat , farm overall -- and a scary cross-stitch burlap bag over its face . it 's the killer . before she can react , the scarecrow 's glove hand come sweeping down , a long , sharp farm sickle in its hand . it take a chunk out of suzie 's shoulder . the scarecrow swing a second time . suzie avoid the blow anticipate and drop back . she stab the scarecrow in the leg !! it busy she a few second .... as she turn and run .... for she life . she 's a strong runner . but it 's a long and scary road . ext - farm road - night it 's start raining . we be look at the road that run alongside the cornfield . the sound of rustling in the row of corn , and -- Rod , scratch , bleed , come crawl out -- -- he just manage to stand on he foot on the edge of the road as a old farm -truck head in he direction , headlight 101 . glaring -- he wave he arm , flagging the truck down -- rod heyyy ! !!! it stutter to a halt . the passenger door open . rod ( cont ’d ) listen -- we have -- Rod look at the driver : a foxy - look chick in overall . truck driver hey , you one of that musician stayin’ down on macdonald 's farm ? Rod , bloody , daze , just stare . truck driver ( orwell ) ( cont ’d ) name 's Orwell . get yer alternator right here . Orwell point at a cardboard box in the front of the truck orwell say . you need a lift or somethin’ ? Rod manage a grin . she 's a lifesaver . as he jump in -- ext - farmhouse - night-moment later . bleed , suzie have make she way back to the front door of the farmhouse . she pound on the door . it 's lock -- suzie .. please ... and then she see the thresher 's headlight . it 's far away ... but it 's come towards the farm . she glance over at ..... the barn . possible safety . ext . barn she open the barn door ... leave a bloody handprint ... int . barn scare shitless , suzie glance around . be there a place to hide ? 102 . silence . the sound of the thresher 's go .... but there 's something else . footstep . someone -- or something 's come . empty-hand ... she need a weapon . she move to the farm implement and scythes hang from the hook . she select a scythe . but she 's not tall enough ! she can not pull it off the hook ! the footstep be get closer . she can not remove the scythe -- someone 's now right outside the barn door . suzie finally manage to pull the scythe down off its hook , she 's get it . the door start to creak open , suzie raise the scythe above she head to strike , she 's go to really let this fuck scarecrow have it , and -- it 's mac . bloodie , rip clothing , and hurt ... but alive . they stare at one another -- suzie 's freak , the scythe still poise to strike -- mac suzie ... it 's I .... Mac . she finally get a grip . she lower the scythe ... and fall into he arm , hugging he . Mac notice she bloody shoulder . mac ( cont ’d ) suzie -- suzie ( a sobbing torrent ) billy Bob 's dead . -- we be wrong -- he do not do anything . i- it 's the scarecrow -- mac wait a minute -- suzie i_.. see he -- he try to kill I -- he 's , he 's -- still -- out there -- mac what be -- 103 . suzie he’s still out there !!! mac -- you be not make sense ! ! what " scarecrow " ? suzie pause . she look down . on mac 's leg he 's drag it behind he , limping slightly . there 's blood on it - a fresh wound . suzie freak . she just stab the killer in the leg . ... and now Mac 's leg be bleed . suzie you be .... limping . mac I hurt my leg . dive away from the harvester - -- it almost get I . suzie stare at he . suzie pick up the scythe again , back up , not take she eye off Mac -- mac ( cont ’d ) suzie . '' no. suzie it 's you . you and you father . mac no -- suzie you bring we here . and that morning I find you in the barn . you have scratch on you face -- mac - listen to I -- suzie -- you sabotage the bus ! you keep we here . .. to die ! first keith , then Carl -- mac suzie - - 104 . she raise the scythe , about to strike --- and then -- the harvester start up again . suzie do not know what to do . she do not have to think too long . the next moment ---- crash ! the wall of the barn crack . the harvester be ploughing right into the barn !! mac ( cont ’d ) suzie , come on ! they rush to the barn door . it 's locked from the outside ! they be trap ! crash ! the harvester , headlight blaze , be chew wood , come through the wall - mac ( cont ’d ) this way ! Mac 's pull open the basement trapdoor . suzie 's terrify . mac ( cont ’d ) trust I ! --- now ! Mac grab one of the burn kerosene lamp . just as they climb down the ladder -- crash ! the harvester have enter the barn , wood fly everywhere - - int - secret basement ( barn ) - moment later mac and suzie be now down under the barn . Mac slide the bolt on the trap door , lock they down there . at least they be safe for the moment . but ... eee the silhouettes of " keith " and " Carl " , still there , cast weird shadow on the wall . suzie no Mac , please ... I --- mac do not look . above they , they can hear the harvester -- be turn off . silence . mac shine the kerosene light around . and then -- 105 . the trap door ... start shaking . someone 's try to pull it open . the padlock seem to hold . but then --- the high - pitched whine of a power - drive chainsaw . the trap door rattles -- and a chainsaw blade jab through . someone ... or something .... be cutting through the trap door to get to they ! the blade of the chainsaw be carve the trap door into piece . suzie Mac !!!! a section of the trapdoor fall in . suzie 's transfix by the macabre figure of the scarecrow she can see in the gap . Mac have find a large hole in the wall behind a series of pipe . Big enough to fit through . there 's no other option . the only way out . mac over here ! hurry ! Mac grab suzie ... and together , they climb through the hole , into -- int - underground tunnel - continuous dank and strange ... there 's puddle everywhere , drip from the irrigation pipe . blood streak the wall . it 's not a place you have want to be . they cast a glance over they shoulder . be someone follow they ? they can hear loud hammer - perhaps someone shouting " Mac " like a wounded animal . they move faster .... as the tunnel twist and turn . --- finally come to : a bolt door . they unbolt the door . Mac hold the kerosene lamp high , revealing they be now in -- 106 . int - a old cave / shack - night - continuous a old stone shack build over the mouth of a natural cavern . the pipe on the cave roof feed up through the roof into the irrigation system . we be obviously in the scarecrow 's domain . Mac bolt the door behind they . suzie look around . suzie Jesus . there 's some beat up old - style furniture ... a pile of straw that could be a bed . a bottle of moonshine . hanging up be strange totem and talisman make of corn husk . other object hard to see in the shadow . something about it bespeak insanity . there be object on a old table : souvenir from all the murder . keith 's shoe . jesse 's straw doll . Mac notice a knife . a weapon . he examine it ... run a finger along the bloody edge ... suzie ( cont ’d ) Mac ... let 's get out of here . mac do not you see ? whatever 's go on .... I be part of it . Mac see .... the old music BOX . he open it up . suzie Mac - - and for the first time , we see inside it . a circle of hand - carve figure of farm animal , cow , pig , horse ... in a circle . in the center ... be a empty slot . something be miss . mac get out of here . suzie no . not without you --- 107 . he reach in he pocket , take out the wooden scarecrow figure ... and click it into place . the music box begin to play . ... a eerie rendition of " Old macdonald have a farm " . as it do , the carve " animal " weirdly revolve ... around the main figure . Mac can not take he eye off it . suzie ( cont ’d ) Mac ...? and then ... at the mouth of the cave a man , silhouett by wood and moonlight appear . it 's jeremiah . unarm . he stare at they , a strange look on he face . mac jeremiah ? jeremiah see the music box in suzie 's hand -- and take a step toward she . Mac just stand there . suzie freak , grab the knife off the table in front of mac. suzie ( raise she kitchen knife ) k - keep away .. jeremiah move closer -- and closer . suzie hold she knife out . jeremiah give I that -- suzie I say , stay back ! jeremiah lunge . as suzie 's about to strike , mac grab she wrist , take the knife away . mac no ! jeremiah reach out .... take the music box from suzie . jeremiah look up , pleased . as if wait for something . 108 . the music box wind down , stop . and then ... from outside ... the sound of footstep . someone else walk into the room . the scarecrow . .. burlap stitched mask , overall , glove . and in he right hand -- a familiar axe . he look at Mac and suzie ... then jeremiah . Mac and suzie stare , with a mixture of horror and amazement . the scarecrow ... take one menace step forward . and then -- jeremiah you see ? they be here . I do not mess up . do I .... beat . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) ... daddy . suzie ( incredulous ) tene " daddy " ? mac ( softly ; to himself ) oh my god. ..... jethro . jethro take another menace step towards they . the real Old macdonald . mac ( cont ’d ) the trap door . that 's how he escape the fire ... suzie ( amaze ; to jeremiah ) you have be ... hide he all this year . helping he ... irrigate the land . with blood ... jeremiah well , you know what they say . ... to make a good omlette ... you get to break a few egg . jethro 's hand tighten around the axe . 109 . and --thwak ! jethro bring down the axe , embed it not in Mac -- but in a old wooden table in front of he . on the handle he can see : " jethro macdonald " . a silent communication pass from jethro to jeremiah . jeremiah ( to Mac ) you know what to do . jeremiah give a slight nod toward suzie : the intent be clear : kill she . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) it 's time to make amend . mac ( weakly ) amend . .? jeremiah think boy . that night . the night of the fire . at the barn . you be only six year old . mac I -- Mac try to think . then -- flash image FIRE ... everywhere . in the barn -- jeremiah you be there !!! Mac struggle to remember . he 's tear , conflict -- then -- suddenly -- quick flash image - memory - from scene one Young mac... hide in the barn . the Music box . jethro in the shadow . but now ... we reveal other thing : blood ... drip , drip , drip . from jethro 's contraptionpush through pipe and plastic sacs . 110 . flash image : several dead body nearby . murdered farmhand and transient . prepare for jethro 's blood harvest and attach to he machine . jeremiah ( 0.s. ) that 's right . you be there . then another series of image flood through Mac 's memory : as young six year - old mac try to get away , he ankle be grabbed by jethro . terrify , try to escape , young Mac reach out -- grab the lantern and throw it at jethro . it explode , engulf jethro in flame .. ... turn he into a human fireball . Mac scramble away - - back to : int . cave / shack - night ( present day ) Mac 's stunne , daze , finally remember everything . mac I ..started the fire . jethro pull off a glove . his hand be horribly burn . we can only imagine what he face must look like . jeremiah -- but it 's alright , boy ! ( indicate jethro ) he forgive you . be not that right , daddy ? jethro grab Mac 's hand , put it on the axe handle . and then ... with a rasp , evil voice -- jethro pick it up . Mac look at he " family " . see eagerness . Mac look at suzie . see cold fear . jeremiah if you do not do it ... he will ! Mac hesitates . Mac reach out , touch the handle . he feel the 111 . wood ... almost caress it . maybe he 's a macdonald after all . jeremiah ( cont ’d ) that 's right . Mac make he decision . he can not help himself . he step towards suzie . her eye grow wide with terror . he tenderly touch she hair . his hand move around to the back of she neck . pure tenderness . and then -- -- suzie see the knife in Mac 's other hand . suzie ( terrify ) .no ... Mac ...p-please ... mac can not help it , suze ... family stick together ... lock eye with suzie ... Mac plunge the knife into she abdomen . in total disbelief , suzie look down .. at the knife . the blood . her hand encircle he , feel the knife handle . ... and then , she look back into Mac 's eye . they stare at each other ..... ... as Mac continue to pull the knife up..up ... gut she . blood seep through she clothing . suzie 's eye glaze over ... almost as if she 's accept she fate . Mac lower she to the ground .... dead , never take he eye off she . he pull the knife out , release suzie 's lifeless body . mac stand up , face jeremiah and jethro . if you could see through the scar tissue , you might see a smile on jethro 's lip . mac , almost in a trance , walk over to the wooden table . 112. he pick up a open bottle of moonshine . Mac take a huge swig to steady he nerve . jethro welcome .. home , boy . Mac put down the bottle of moonshine , wipe he mouth . beat . he turn towards jeremiah and jethro -- mac actually ... I be just yankin 's you chain ... mac hold up the knife . with a slight grin , he push down on the retractable blade . it 's the fake knife from the open sequence . kept as a souvenir by jethro . then - - voice hey old macdonald ... jeremiah and jethro turn ...to see .... suzie . a long line of fake blood down she chest . lantern in she hand . mac swing the bottle of moonshine , smashing it against the side of jethro 's face -- suzie ... you just buy the farm . suzie hurl the lantern -- it hit the moonshine - soak straw and whoosh ! jethro explode into flame , cover he entire body . he emit a weird , strangle cry ... the only sound we have hear he make - - jeremiah daddeeeeeeee ! frantic , a dutiful son till the end , jeremiah try to help he father , put out the flame , ignore the fire that 113 . burn he own hand and face -- mac ( softly ) ei , el ..... oh . Mac grab suzie 's hand and they make a run for the cave entrance . they look back to see -- jeremiah grapple with jethro , try to extinguish he flame . jeremiah catch fire also , both of they catch in a raging inferno - -- ext - cave entrance - night - moment later as smoke and fire pour out of the cave / shack .... suzie stumble out , help Mac . they be a mess . cough , bloody , exhaust . and then -- the fire reach the old moonshine still . it explode , send flame and debris shoot into the air . Mac and suzie , help each other , stumble out of the way . they collapse on the ground , daze .... but alive . suzie I almost think for a second ... mac never . he hold she tight . as we pull back slowly , they look back at the raging inferno inside the cave . around they , reflection of red and blue light now -- the sheriff be on the scene . a ambulance as well . candy have make it alive . wrapped in a blanket she watch as a couple of paramedics rush to help Mac and suzie . rod daze , bleed , but happy to see they -- and happy to be 114 . alive . he 's bring the calvary . in addition to candy , stand next to Rod be ... orwell the alternator girl , watch in amazement . she watch the fire and paramedics .... better than MTV . orwell I have give anything to be in a rock band . rod just look at she , entrance ext - concert hall - magic hour several month later . throng of people , enjoy the music . a big stage . and on it - Dead quiet be back in business , like true rock 'o roll survivor . they be a leaner , meaner , tighter band now - they experience on the farm have give they a tight edge they lack before . it 's the edge that go with stardom . mac be at the mike , sing he heart out once again . suzie be still pump the bass , alive with energy and passion . she look at mac . they smile at each other . there 's a new guy on drum , take the place of ian . no keyboard player . but someone else seem to be miss . as the song move into a bridge , Mac look off - stage -- mac where 's Rod ? he 's talk to orwell , who 's now officially part of the family . mac ( cont ’d ) find he . now ! ext - backstage - same time Rod 's stand in a backstage area , look clean , sober and ready to rock . with he , straighten out he costume , be candy . Rod be signing a compact disc of he new album for a woman with a notebook in she hand , and a PRESS pass pin to she tee-shirt -- 115 . PRESS woman one last question -- how long do it take you to write the song for " Old macdonald 's farm " ? rod ( count on he finger ) well , after Mac and billy Bob get out of the hospital , and I get out of rehab -- candy four week ! that 's all . and now they CD 's number ten this week . with a bullet . candy kiss Rod , just as a photographer snap a photo . flash ! the picture freeze-frames ... turn into a black and white still . we hear " Dead quiet 's " latest indie rock hit fade through . and in black and white , like a music video , we - CUT to : a familiar wooden sign .. which read : " macdonald 's farm " . that 's because we be back at -- ext . macdonald farm - night ( same time ) a real estate agent , he rental car park nearby the entrance , be hammer another sign : " property for sale . " use a rock , he whacks the sign into the soil . suddenly , headlight illuminate he . he turn to look squinting , shield he eye , try to see the driver -- real estate agent hi . can I help you ? int . backstage area ( concert hall ) - same time orwell hey , Rod -- rod hey baby . a slight flicker of jealousy from candy . Rod always get the 116 . babe . orwell Mac want we on stage . in a hurry . rod I be come . Rod get ready to go on . candy pick up he new guitar -- candy hey , honey . do not forget you axe . ext . macdonald farm - same time a axe . a real one . .. go into the chest of the Real estate agent . he sink to he knee , die . ext - concert hall ( stage ) - same time Rod , guitar hold high , stride on stage to tumultuous applause . orwell follow he , take she place behind the organ . she 's in the band now , too . keyboard . Rod wink at candy , watch from the wing . suzie be amused , at the slight jealousy between candy and Orwell . as Rod launch into a blister guitar solo , Mac & suzie share a moment . for Dead quiet , business -- and life ... have never be better . ext - farm - same time the dead body of the Real estate agent be lower into the back of a old pick - up truck . then the axe -- with the initial " J. macdonald . " carve on it - be put back in the mahogany case . we pull back to reveal -- jeremiah macdonald . alive and well . sort of . 117 . he 's survive the fire . but ... like he father , he face be horribly burn and scar . he 's wear overall and glove . in the back of the truck be a assortment of deadly farm implement ... scythes , knife , etc . ... and the music box ... slightly blacken from the fire . jeremiah slot the small carve figure into place . the music of " Old macdonald " mix with the indie rock dead quiet track . he pause to look at the surround cornfield . they could use a little ... nourishment . jeremiah well daddy .... it 's harvest time . jeremiah put on the scarecrow mask . he then reach down .... and uproot the " for sale " sign , toss it away . jeremiah start up the truck , .... ready to carry on the family tradition . it be indeed , harvest time . hold on the pick -up ... as it pull away , travel down the dirt road ... and into the farmland night . let 's leave he there ... for now . the end