Leonard Hill film 4500 wilshire Blvd . Los Angeles , CA 90010 323-954-4555 fax : 323-954-4553 slay the dreamer written by Mark Lane and Donald freed the central character in this film be real . this include : reverend James lawson , Grace walden , Charlie stephen , detective Ed redditt , fireman floyd newsum , Dick Gregory , Frank holloman , percy Foreman , marrell McCullough , Arthur murtaugh , James Earl Ray , and Richard Sprague . the character of Lucas Jenkins , Jeffrey Jenkins and Katy bolton be composite . all the assertion make in this film be base upon factual evidence . on request , the producer will provide the documentation upon which this assertion rest . slay the dreamer fade in : int . church -- memphis , tennessee -- day - - 1976 the last ray of sunset stream through a large stain glass window . the resonant sound of the choir be infuse with a unmistakable gospel spirit the choir , like the congregation , be almost all black . the hymn reach its rouse conclusion . a distinguished look minister , mid-forty , finish he sermon . minister ... yes , we have be wounded . the force of darkness have conspire to turn what we fight for in the ' 50' and ' 60' , justice , dignity , compassion - into the shame and poverty of the 1970' . there be some who say that we should give up hope , that we will never see the bless community we dreamt of . but remember - you can not wait for the Lord , you must seek he . so too you can not wait for justice . do not give into despair . have the courage to seek , for in search you will find dignity and the light of the Lord will be upon you . congregation ( in unison ) amen ! minister May you love of God almighty give you peace as you leave this place and set out into the world . congregation ( in unison ) amen ! as the choir begin the exit hymn ( " march to Zion " ) , the minister move down from the podium and begin to greet he parishioner . ext . church rectory - - night a flood light illuminate the night . reverend lawson emerge carry he homework . he 's intercept by ione turner , two hundred pound of love . she engulf he with a hug . ione reverend , you sure do the Lord 's work today , and then some ! pull a sweet potato pie from she bag . lawson sister ione , you be too kind . ione and I know you love sweet potato . he sing like a bird . lawson what ...? ione pull she chunky grandson , a ten year - old version of herself , from behind she mammoth flank . tone my grandson , Willie ( prodding the boy ) Willie ... Eye on the sparrow ... lawson y'know , brother Boxer have choir practice every ... willie ( sing badly ) I sing because I be happy , I sing because I be free ... etc . lawson oh boy , brother Boxer 's gotta hear this ... he try to extricate himself , but she snag he and pull another pie from she paper bag . tone get a peach cobbler here , too , reverend . I be think maybe a solo next Sunday ... lawson brother Boxer have complete control of solos . but ... you never know ... he make he escape , head toward the parking lot , laden with dessert . in the shadow a figure emerge and move in the direction of the parking lot . Soft -sole shoe move silently across the pavement . on lawson be vw bug the Minister put he work into the car , then stop . he sense a presence . he turn around slowly , he face register concern . minister' Pov a middle - age white woman approach . she clutches a large handbag . she stop . white woman reverend lawson ? lawson ( tentative ) yes ... the woman reach into she purse , fumble for something . a gun ? no . she finally pull out a SMALL folder . white woman I find she . they have she under a different name . it be like she do not exist . she offer the file to lawson . CUT to : int . courthouse - - day the corridor be crowded . the door to the men' room swing open . a handsome gentleman exit . the man be hiram evan , elegantly dress , late fifty , a prominent African - american lawyer in Memphis . Evans head toward courtroom 4 . lawson ( 0.s. ) hiram ! Evans turn to see lawson emerge from the crowd . this two be old friend . Evans be still move toward the courtroom . lawson follow . evan god-damn brother lawson , you still grow or be I shrink ? a bailiff lawson ( grin ) New boot . it 's the heel . and if you keep take the Lord 's name in vain , I be gonna put you on the raffle Committee with sister ione . evan cruel and unusual punishment ... lawson hiram , I need you help ... stick he head out of courtroom 4 . bailiff everybody for judge harper 's courtroom , we be back in session . evan gotta go . harper be about to rule in my favor . he 's tough as a two dollar steak - do not want to keep he waitin ' . lawson hiram ... we have find Grace ! evan ( chuckle ) I should hope so , reverend ! lawson Grace walden . she 's be lock up in the State asylum for almost a decade . I need you to get she out . evan brother , time have change . we be not march any more . lawson hiram , she 's the key . we gotta get she out . evan if you can not let this go , then what you need be one of they . ( he indicate the white face in court ) you and I together would not get past the back door . lawson you be the sharpest lawyer I know . evan flattery be not gonna do it , Jim . there be time when a white face be the right face . gotta go . ( a smile ) and Jim ... we do not need any more martyr . watch you back , brother . Evans turn abruptly and head back into the courtroom . lawson stand alone . this be not the first time he have be rebuffe . int . courtroom - - day the judge eye hiram as he return , sit next to he wealthy white client . judge Nice of you to rejoin we , Mr. Evans . lawson enter the courtroom , and sit towards the back . evan the matter be clear as a screen door , you honor , the Tennessee code annotate be explicit as to the point we have present . we therefore rest on the brief submit and ask for a direct verdict . judge Mr. Morgan ? the judge look at clay morgan JR . Morgan be a corporate lawyer in he late thirty who talk Southern , dress London , and charm all the time . Morgan get up from behind the defense table . he know that he 's hold a bust straight but still be compel to strut morgan thank you , you be honor . I realize my esteem colleague have present a compelling case ... boom . Morgan turn to the origin of the sound . morgan' Pov the rear door to the courtroom slam shut . enter jeffrey jenkins , walk quickly , hold a large legal volume . 6 . Jeff 's hair be a little too long and he clothes reflect he indifference to appearance or trend . Jeff walk up to the defense table and set the book down . jeff ( to Morgan , sotto voce ) I have get to show you something . on morgan morgan Excuse I you honor. ( irritate ) what ? Morgan walk back to the defense table . Jeff slide the Federal rule of Civil procedure to he . on lawson : ( more ) cea . from lawson 's distant Pov , Morgan appear to be assist he awkward junior associate . on morgan and jeff Morgan 's expression change from irritate to inspire . morgan you honor , please excuse my young associate . as I be say , we research show that the question of jurisdiction enjoy precedence . ( pick up the book ) title 28 , section 1441 [ a ] and rule 81 [ c ] of the federal rule of ... judge Mr. Morgan , maybe y'all have not notice , but we be ina state court . the Federal Court be down the block . laughter from the room . lawson watch , intrigue . morgan good point , you honor . and that 's where this whole shebang oughta ' be . accord to title 28 , we do not require a order of this court to remove this case to the United States District Court . that court be , as you note , just down the block . ( to Jeff ) morgan ( cont 'd ) Jeff , why do not you pass that Federal rule book to judge harper . Jeff hand the book to the bailiff who pass it to the judge . the judge quickly read the passage to himself . judge Mr. Evans , this court no longer have jurisdiction . next case . lawson take notice . Evans ' confident demeanor have give way to resignation . Evans walk over to Morgan who be just stand . Evans offer he hand in congratulation . evan good job , clay . you could steal the flower off a dead man 's grave . see you in Federal Court . ma@bran ready when you be , counselor Jeff watch Morgan bask in victory . as hiram turn to leave he notice lawson approach the defense table . hiram wink at lawson , then exit . lawson hold out he hand to clay . lawson congratulation , Mr. Morgan . very impressive . morgan thank you , reverend . lawson you have a gift . be nice to see that gift work to help the less fortunate . Morgan put he file in he briefcase . snap it shut , look for a graceful exit . morgan it do , I assure you . but right now I be so busy I should be twin . lawson I could use you help . a civil matter . a woman , wrongfully incarcerate ... morgan ( to Jeff ) give the reverend my business card . ( to lawson ) morgan ( cont 'd ) I be already late . why do not you call I at the office . Morgan pick up he case and leave . int . law office -- the next day classy surroundings . georgian furniture and wood panele . start close on the receptionist , cybil sturgis , 50 - something and very prim . she 's plugge into a hand - free pbx . cybil good morning . branson , Davis and Douglas . one moment please . I will transfer you . lawson ( 0.s. ) miss ... reveal Jim lawson . he 's be wait patiently for some time . he get up from the stiff couch and approach the receptionist . lawson ( continue ) ... do you think you could try Mr. Morgan again ? cybil Sir , I have tell you . Mr. Morgan be in conference . int . clay morgan' office - day a toy basketball arch through a small hoop . morgan ( 0.s. ) nothing but net ! pull back to reveal the plush office , the carefully appoint space that befit a junior partner of a prestigious white - shoe firm . Morgan sit at he desk , play toy basketball with chuck armstrong ( 39 ) , another rise legal star . morgan ( continue ) the crowd go wild . that 's another Jackson , pal . armstrong hand twenty dollar to Morgan . there be a knock at the door . morgan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) come in . Jeff enter carry a sizeable legal brief . jeff I have finish the response to the conway case . ( to armstrong ) Morning Chuck . armstrong just nod . Morgan reach for the brief . morgan you have finish the first draft of the response . cybil ( v.0 ) ( on the intercom ) Mr. Morgan , I just want to remind you that reverend lawson be still wait . morgan cybil , I be busy . tell he to leave the file . I will get back to he . please . jeff wrongful incarceration . it sound pretty straightforward . Morgan be surprised that Jeff even know about the case , let alone have a opinion . morgan nothing 's straightforward in the law , Jeffrey . do not you distinguished daddy tell you that ? if the state take the time to put some old black lady in the basket factory , there must be a damn good reason . jeff maybe just look through the file ... morgan it 's pro bono , kid . gotta bill the hour or hit the shower . branson will never go for it . but hell , go ahead . present it at the partner ' meeting . it 's all yours . 10 . Morgan retrieve another toy ball and shoot . morgan ( continue ) he shoot , he score ! branson ( v.0 . ) you be to be commend . billing for the quarter be outpace the same quarter ' 75 by ten percent ... int . law firm conference room -- late that afternoon start on william ' bill ' branson , a southern gentleman with a shark 's toothy smile . senior and junior partner be seat at the table , while associate sit behind they along the wall . Jeff be seat on the outer perimeter , next to katy bolton , a attractive , poise , twenty - six year old , and the only black face in the room . Katy be take note ona yellow pad . branson let 's keep the billing hour up . ( a beat ) if there 's nothing else , I would like to adjourn . angle the room as Jeff slowly stand . jeff uh ... Mr. branson ... I give you secretary a file on Grace walden . she be not represent by a attorney or examine by a psychiatrist . I be wonder if you have a chance to look at it . branson yes , Jeffrey , I read it . jeff uh ... accord to my preliminary research , there be no apparent reason why she be place in that institution and be still there eight year later . branson we be not talk fee here , be we ? jeff I believe she be indigent . we be contact by she Minister . 11. morgan where do we draw the line , Jeff ? we be in the business of billable hour . we be not storefront lawyer . a painful pause . to everyone 's surprise , Katy speak up . katy a case like this could land we a article in the Memphis lawyer , sir it could actually bring in more business . the reverend be quite well know . jeff ( grateful ) yes ... yes . it 's James lawson . he 's a friend of my father 's . morgan in that event , maybe I should take a look . branson if I recall correctly , clay , you billing rate be somewhat higher than Jeff 's . ( to Morgan ) this firm can afford ten hour for better relation with the negro community . ( to Katy ) you will keep the editor of the Memphis lawyer inform of we commitment , and due to the nature of the case , maybe you should assist Jeff on this one . ext . corridor - - day Jeff sidle up to Katy as the other lawyer exit and disperse . jeff ( on the move ) thanks ... branson can be a little unreceptive at time . katy it 's a good case . it 's the kind of thing we should do more of . we already have enough meter run in this building . 12 . clay move past on he way to he office . jeff listen ... Katy ... I be think , since we be work together , we could stop by bolivar State Hospital on Saturday and see miz walden . clay look on , amused by Jeff 's apparent awkwardness . jeff ( continue ) then , if it 's okay with you , we could swing by and enjoy some of my dad 's stringy barbecue . he 's cooking . it 's kinda informal . katy go to you father 's for dinner ? clay have pause in he doorway to watch , grin . clay he shoot . he score . CUT to : int . institution -- jeff' p.o.v . dim lighting , high ceiling , peel paint , stone floor narrow wooden bench - spare form and haunt shadow abound . silence and echoe include jeff' own footstep strike the stone , as he walk , now tentatively , into the lobby jeff stop and become aware of another SOUND : the clicking of a wooden toy in the hand of a solitary inmate seat on a bench . the inmate be brian greene , between 40 and 60 , dress in a institutional cotton bathrobe . his eye be unfocus . Jeff continue on to the empty reception window and information desk . his mood be darken , he breathe reacting to the heavy antiseptic smell of the place . close - up on a old yellowing index card tape to the window : card : " important notice : grace walden be to receive no visitors and no telephone call . JUNE 6 , 1968 . " 13 . Jeff study the note ... then reach through a open in the glass partition , pick up a visitor 's pass , and put it on he lapel . he turn and approach the inmate on the bench , and offer he hand . jeff hello . I be a attorney . Jeffrey Jenkins . I come to see Grace walden . the SOUND of the wooden toy stop . greene esquire . Jeffrey Jenkins , esquire . I be Brian greene . Green like the color green . but there 's a extra " e " , it 's at the end . I be English . so it 's not like the color green . jeff Mr. greene , do you know Grace walden ? greene walden . and that 's spell " e " " n " not " of " " not " jeff you know where I can find she ? greene " oo " " hn " 4s swedish -- " e " " n " be danish ... she 's in 14 . right down that hall and to the right . " 0 " " n " be also you norwegian -- jeff thank you , Mr. greene . Jeff walk down the hall , turn right and come to a door ward 3 -- room 1 - 18 : " no entry without visitor's permit " Jeff check he steal permit and continue into the ward . int . room 14 grace walden be seat on the bed , dress in a robe , pajamas and slipper . she be white . Grace be fifty - five but look at least twenty year older . she have no tooth , wear no makeup , and she sparse hair be white and wispy . she have the vacant look cause by heavy medication . 14 . jeff ( expect a black woman ) oh , excuse I mar 'am . I be look for a Mrs. Grace walden . I be tell she be in room 14 , but ... grace can not be sure anymore . what with all that 's be happen ... jeff do you know Grace walden ? grace that 's I . for all the good it 's do . Grace look up , give a toothless smile . Jeff react . awkwardly , he pull out a business card and hand it to she . jeff I be Jeffrey D. Jenkins with the firm of branson , Davis and Douglas . ( Grace just stare ) reverend lawson ask I to come see you ... you know reverend James lawson ? she shake she head no ; she eye unfocus . jeff ( continue ) I understand that you have be put here without benefit of counsel ... grace ai not no benefit in this place . you get that right . silence . a wild laugh cackle from a far ward . Jeff take out a small tape recorder . jeff do you mind if I use a tape recorder ? it will save I take note . ( she nod , he start the recorder ) why do you get put in here ? can you remember ? 15 . grace yep . jeff can you tell I ? grace Cause Charlie tell they . not I . I would not lie . jeff Charlie ? who 's Charlie ? grace threw he outa Jim 's . he 's in the hornet 's nest now . int . asylum corridor two guard , earl and trent , be walk . they wear non - specific police uniform . Earl be bald . trent be fat . they hear voice down the hall , react . they move toward room 14 . jeff ( v.0 . ) when do you last see Charlie ? int . asylum - grace's room grace I call he once . can not call he no more ... the door to the room be push open and the Guards enter . Earl see the tape recorder . earl she 's not suppose t'have any visitor . where would you get that pass . jeff I be she attorney . trent she do not have a attorney . jeff she do if she say she do . grace she sure do , if she say she do . Jeff look at Grace . 16 . earl the director be goin ' to want t'see you . bring the recorder . jeff I will see you later , Grace . grace we will see . the two Guards follow Jeff out of the ward . int . the corridor suddenly the Guards brace Jeff and rip he tape recorder away . trent ( gesture to Jeff ) this way to the director 's office . jeff yes sir . right behind you . Jeff pretend a meek compliance , then , with a fast pivot , he grab back the recorder , leap clear of the Guards and run . Jeff sprint full speed down the corridor , past Brian greene , and toward the main door . ext . hospital bucolic . bird chirping . Jeff 's yellow tr3 be park not far from the main building . Katy sit in the driver 's seat , a legal brief be propped against the steering wheel . she be carefully revise the document jeff ( 0.s. ) ( shouting to Katy ) start the car ! start the car Katy look up . Jeff have just run out of the main entrance . he leap down a set of stair and rush toward the car . katy Jeff , what ...? Earl and trent in pursuit . Jeff yank open the door jeff go , Katy . just go ! go ! Katy put the car in gear but the Guards race to ten foot in front of the car . they throw they hand up in a " stop " signal . 17 . jeff ( cont 'd ) drive . step on it . they will move . katy how do you know ? jeff ' Cause they be not crazy . go ! Katy floor it . the Guards dive away at the last instant . Katy race toward the highway . int . tr3 -- access road -- drive - - day katy what 's goingmore ?! as Katy drive onto the highway , Jeff remove the tape from the recorder and hide it in she purse . he take a blank tape from the glove compartment and put it into the recorder . he put the recorder on the dash in plain sight . a siren announce the Guards ' pursuit . Katy see the police car in the rearview mirror . katy ( continue ) what the hell would you do back there ? jeff I interview my client ! pull over . the car pull over . the Guards approach , gun draw . trent out of the car , both of you . jeff yes , sir . but can I ask one question first , Officer ? do you work for the state police ? earl " special Officer . " jeff what do that mean , " special Officer " ? you sure it do not mean " Hospital Security " ? ( trent hesitates ) 18 . jeff ( cont 'd ) ' Cause if it do , I believe you jurisdiction extend just as far as the hospital grounds -- and no farther -- right ? trust I on this . if you pull we out of this car , it 's technically a kidnap ' cause you get zero authority here on this highway . Katy look with admiration . she see a new Jeff . jeff ( continue ) now unless you want she to drive right over that shiny brogan , I suggest you step back , officer ' cause we be go now . the Guards step back slowly in apparent defeat . but then , Earl suddenly reach into the car and grab the tape recorder off the dash . Jeff stare as the two Guards hurry away , get into they vehicle and drive off . now the highway be empty . Katy reach into she purse and withdraw the tape . katy what the hell be on this thing ? jeff I do not know ... gibberish . ( off Katy 's look ) but who the hell be Grace walden ? CUT to : int . n.d. office - - day a angular man be backlit against a window with venetian blind . we hear a door open and a agent enter into frame . drop a file on the desk . agent Sir , the incident at bolivar . we trace the young man . a lawyer . work for James lawson . backlit man ( a long pause ) that 's unfortunate . maybe the old reverend need a reminder . CUT to : 19 . ext . luca jenkins ' estate - night quintessentially Southern . neatly landscape and beautifully light , it lean magnificently against a moonlit sky . ext . jenkins' estate - pool area - night tight on a fire . pull back to reveal luca jenkins preside over the enormous brick barbeque . Lucas be 60 , distinguished . Katy and Jeff stand close by . harold , a black butler with alert eye , wear a white coat , hover . luca hope this sirloin be not too thin . harold pick them up at the piggly wiggly . harold sorry , sir . it be all they have . harold 's eye connect with Katy 's . he hold out a platter Lucas remove the three steak from the grill . luca I be not make a criticism , harold . you pick them and I cook ‘em . it 's a Wednesday night tradition . let 's see if we can cut this without a chainsaw . harold move off to set the nearby table . Katy stand ina white dress . she look ravish . Jeff be in a blazer luca ( continue ) so , miss bolton , Jeff tell I you father be in transportation . katy ( a glance at Jeff ) after a fashion , I guess . he , uh drive a City bus . luca a bus . Jeff tell I you be take the bar exam next month . katy do Jeff tell you - branson give he he first solo client . 20 . luca ( to Jeff ) a courtroom situation ? jeff just a motion to install due process . luca do Bill branson reset you hourly rate for a solo court appearance ? jeff it 's pro-bono . you friend , reverend lawson , bring the case to we . Lucas wrinkle he brow slightly , then motion to the table . luca why do not we get start ? ( they walk to the table ) what 's the client 's name ? jeff Grace walden . harold be pour the wine . he hear the name , look up momentarily , catch Lucas ' eye . everyone sit , a appetizer at each place . Katy glance down , puzzle , at she place set . there be four fork . she do not know which to use . katy ( stalling ) look wonderful . harold oh , my , that fork look tarnish . harold , the master of subtlety , pick up the correct fork polish it and hand it back to Katy . katy ( grateful ) thank you . luca have you meet you client yet ? jeff sure do . 21 . luca and she seem sane ? jeff to be honest , dad , she seem a little disorient ... luca maybe she 's where she belong . jeff she be deny due process . and before I could finish my interview , two guard run I off . confiscate my tape recorder . luca that 's strange . whatever it be , I be sure you will do the right thing . remember , it 's just one case . jeff my first case . luca the first of many . Lucas cut the steak . move in on the knife . int . jenkins estate - later the ornate grandfather clock chime . Lucas and Katy walk through the foyer . Jeff be absent for the moment . luca the night 's young , but old man retire early . it be a pleasure meeting you , Katy . katy thank you , sir . they walk to the front door and out onto the veranda . luca when I look at you , I seea fighter . maybe you could teach some of that to my son . angle -- front door Jeff and harold be exite the library . Jeff be put on he jacket . harold hold Katy 's coat . 22 . harold mighty fine young lady , Mr. Jeff . smart as a whip and pretty enough to make a man plow through a stump . jeff sure be , papa h ... but , we be just work together . harold ( knowingly ) hmm ... well , now that they adjust you hourly rate , you ever need to unwind , lose some of that new money , I be still at the Rack and cue every Tuesday . the walk out the door onto the veranda . luca ( v.0 . ) Son of a bitch !! int . lawson church - night Lucas and lawson walk down the dark church corridor . the light be off . Lucas be fume . lawson have a flashlight . lawson Lucas , calm down . and watch you language . ( call out ) clarence , call the power company again . I need this light back on . luca you be crazier than she be . a choir be rehearse in a adjacent area by candlelight . luca ( continue ) . why do not you come to I first ? lawson I do . eight year ago . and you do not want to hear about it ! luca I be not alone . every reputable lawyer in town turn you down . so , now you have go to my son . behind my back ! you know this could destroy he . 23 . lawson I do not want he to go up to bolivar . I just want he to file the writ ... Grace have be lock away for almost a decade ... luca James , you do not give a damn about that crazy old white woman ! you just want to reopen the case . lawson that effort be not mutually exclusive ! luca so you come to my son , to my only son ... lawson look at he old friend . lawson he be not my first choice , Lucas . luca you can not do this . after all we have mean to one another ... all we have be through . promise I you will get another lawyer . promise I , Jim . I need you word . lawson hesitates . int . lawson be home - late the next day a modest home . a loud knock . the SOUND of youthful footstep approach . lawson 's nine - year-old son , seth , complete with a Jackson five afro , be about to open it , when dorothy lawson ( 30 ) stride into the scene . dorothy Seth , I tell you before ... do not open the door to stranger . she move she son back with she hand . she look through the fish eye in the door . dorothy's Pov : jeff in distortion 24 . dorothy ( continue ) who be it ? jeff ( 0.s. ) it 's Jeffrey Jenkins , Mrs. lawson . I be here to see Jim . dorothy open the door dorothy Jeffrey Jenkins . last time I see you , I think you be still in short pants . jeff I still wear ‘em , but now it 's just to play ball . dorothy good , someone need to put the reverend in he place . he 's out back , shoot hoop . Jeff enter the home and dorothy begin lead he through the neat interior . Seth run ahead . dorothy ( continue ) sorry about the door ... it 's just ... you can not be too careful . there have be some threaten phone call . ext . lawson backyard - late afternoon a basketball arc through the sky . woosh . nothing but net . the shooter move in to retrieve the ball - it 's Jim lawson , dress in a damp shirt , jeans and tennis shoe . seth ( 0.s. ) gimme the ball , dad ! the back door fly open . Seth come run out of the house . Jim look up to see he son - follow by Jeff and dorothy . Jim hesitates , bounce the ball . lawson Seth , take the ball inside . ( toss it to he ) you have get to practice the piano . and I need to be alone with Mr. Jenkins . 25 . Jeff walk toward Jim . Seth take the ball into the house . dorothy follow she son , close the door behind she . jeff I go to bolivar . lawson that 's more than I ask for . jeff I want to see for myself . I make a tape recording ... lawson you do what ? jeff Grace kinda ramble . but something strange be go on . a weary Jim move to a picnic bench , sit down . lawson it do not matter . ( Jeff look confuse ) I have contact another attorney to take the case . I be sorry . I will see that you law firm get pay for you time . jeff be this because I never try a case before ? lawson it 's because of a lot of thing . I make a mistake . I would need you to return that tape . jeff but I can do this . lawson you have do enough . just return the tape . I be sorry . CUT to : int . apartment entryway - night a radio somewhere be blaring out a disco beat . Katy be wait with several file . 26 . pull back to see out the glass front door . Jeff pull up in he tr3 , get out , come up the walk . Katy turn as he enter . katy I bring the stuff you want . but do you mind tell I what 's go on . jeff thanks . I be sorry . it 's all come unwound . katy what 's come unwound ? jeff come on up . I need a beer . and you deserve a explanation . katy ( unsure ) you think I should ? jeff come on . you will not believe what just happen . they move out of shot and head upstairs int . hallway - second floor hallway - night Jeff and Katy walk up the stair . he move along to he door , take out he key . jeff . when lawson find out I go to see Grace , he get really piss . across the hall , a neighbor be peek through a chain lock door . Katy turn and catch she disapprove look . int . apartment - night Katy and Jeff enter . the interior be dark . Jeff flip on the light switch and nothing happen . jeff this be out . a lamp come at camera . new angle - jeff & katy - widen the lamp smashes into Jeff and a man shove he . 27 . Jeff fall into Katy and they both go down . the man bolt out of the room and into the hall . before Katy can react , Jeff give chase out into the dark hallway , run down the stair , take they three and four at a time , trip , fall , roll , come to he foot in the entry and out the front door ext . STREET outside apartment - night Jeff run out into the street just as a gray sedan take off , head right at he . angle - jeff and sedan Jeff dive up onto the sidewalk to avoid be hit . the sedan roar away , up the street jeff' Pov - license plate holder it be empty - no plate . int . apartment - night Jeff come into the apartment . he have a cut over he eye where the lamp hit he . the light be now on . the place have be thoroughly ransacke . jeff go ... he get away . you get the light back on ... katy he only unscrewe the bulb . ( she see he cut ) you okay ? jeff yeah . she hand a tissue to Jeff who move to the telephone . jeff ( continue ; dial 0 ) Operator , connect I with the police . katy wait a minute . she depress the phone button . Jeff be confuse . 28 . katy ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) look at this place . tv 's still here ... stereo ... she move to a ransacke dresser . katy ( continue ) gold cufflink , watch ... ( hold they up ) not much of a burglar . jeff ( puzzle ) what the hell 's go on ? katy where 's the tape ? jeff with the rest of the case material - - at the office . int . law office - night tight on a tape player . grace ( v.0 . ) yep. jeff ( v.0 . ) can you tell I ? grace ( v.0 . ) Cause Charlie tell they . not I . I would not lie . Katy and Jeff be listen , exchange glance . jeff ( v.0 . ) Charlie ? who 's Charlie ? grace ( v.0 . ) threw he outa Jim 's . he 's in the hornet 's nest now . Jeff reach out and shut off the tape . jeff who 's Charlie ? and what do he tell they ? 29 . katy and what 's the hornet 's nest ? ext . hornet be nest - night tight on a old neon sign that depict a wasp . the hornet 's nest be a grimy bar locate by the river . pull back to show Jeff look at the sign . he move inside . int . hornet nest - night there be a few listless drunk lean at the bar . Jeff move to the bartender , ( 60 , decrepit ) jeff I be look for Charlie . bartender Charlie who ? jeff Old Charlie . hang out here . bartender what be you drink ? jeff two of whatever Charlie drink . the bartender pull two long neck from the cooler . Jeff drop a twenty on the counter . bartender hey , c.q. a old drunk look up from a booth in the back . charlie huh ? jeff ( to the bartender ) thanks . Jeff take the two bottle , move to the booth and slide in . jeff ( continue ) Mr. stephen ? charlie I be not look for no new friend , so git . 30 . Jeff set a beer in front of Charlie charlie ( continue ) Strike that . glad to ' meetcha ' . Charlie q. stephen be not fall down drunk , but , on the other hand , he 's never sober . Jeff hand Charlie a business card . in the dim light , Charlie try to read it . charlie ( continue ) Attorney in Law . jeff at Law . I represent Grace walden . charlie ( burst out laugh ) Grace be a ghost , be not you hear ? they lock she up , man , throw ' way the key . she call a couple year back . but the line go dead . jeff she 's in trouble , Charlie . charlie why ? she di not sign no affidavit . they do not owe she no money . jeff why would they lock she up ? charlie Cause she would not listen to I . I tell she to sign that stupid paper . Hell , she 's the one what see he . jeff saw whom ? charlie man , you do not know shit . ( he stare ) she see the guy they say shot Martin luther King . Jeff sit there stunne . jeff I beg you pardon . 31 . charlie take the wax outta ' yer ear , kid . they say she see King 's killer . they show she a picture . she tell them it be not the man she see . then zap ! 0 o1 ' Gracie be go faster and Jack 's cat . jeff what do you see ? charlie Hell , I di not see shit . but I tell hem what they want . sign a paper and everything . ct jeff who tell you to sign a paper ? charlie the FBI . they be nice , at first . offered I a reward . one hundred housand crisp US dollar . after I sign , the shithead never pay . ct jeff but you do not see anything . Charlie erase this irrelevant observation with he hand in the air . charlie they do not say nothin ' about pay I for what I see . they say they would pay I for what I sign ! Jeff study Charlie q. stephen , sure now that whatever else may have happen , Charlie be tell the truth . jeff be there anything you know that could help get Grace out of bolivar ? there 's no money in it . Charlie wince . charlie I could swear that Grace be never crazy ... but I reckon you would not want I for no witness , would you ? 32 . Jeff be move by the human be , Charlie stephen , peer out from the " character " of the notorious loser . charlie ( continue ) have you see she ? how 's she do ? jeff not real good . when I meet she she seem awful confuse . charlie sounded fine when I talk to she on the phone . ' course that be some time ago . jeff what time a day be it ? ( Charlie look confuse ) when she call ? what time of day be it ? charlie mornin . have to be ' fore 7 . why ? what you thinkin' ? jeff just wonder what time of day they hand out the med ... int . lawson's church office - day lawson be at he desk , on the phone . lawson ( into receiver ) look ... I need the power back on . I have a evening choir service . can not we get somebody to take a look at it ? push past he shoulder to the window . a gray termite inspection truck be park across the street . int . truck - - day two agent be monitoring the phone tap on reverend lawson . woman' voice ( filter ) we will try and get a crew out there ina little bit . 33 . int . lawson be study - day he press the button to disconnect . after he do , he hear two more click . he look at the phone , then notice the truck outside the window . he flip open he rolodex , and dial . lawson hello , sister ione ? it 's reverend lawson ... intercut - sister ione's live room Gospel music plays . there be a picture of a White Jesus on the wall . ione hold the phone , elate . tone oh , reverend ? must be my lucky day . lawson well , sister ione , luck be not nothing but preparation meeting opportunity . now , before willy get the opportunity to sing for brother Boxer , we gotta be sure he 's prepare . be he around ? tone ( bellow ) willeee !!! intercut - int . van the man with the headphone wince . intercut as necessary Willie come to the phone . willy yes sir ... lawson willy , I want you to practice for I right here , on the phone . Eye on the sparrow . willy oh , yes sir ! he clear he throat , start sing badly . 34 . willy ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I sing because I be happy , I sing because I be free ... lawson louder , willy , louder . take I home , son ! willie yes sir . willy belt out the song louder and way off key . int . van willy 's grate sing fill the enclosure as the two Agents suffer . tape wheel spin , recording it all . CUT to : int . bolivar state hospital lobby - - day Close on a wall clock . it read 6:30 . pan down to Brian greene , with a " e " . guard # 3 be try to guide greene out of the hallway , back into he room . greene I believe it be a rottweiler -- " en " gn " jy " -- that 's a german dog ! it be wander in the hallway ... guard # 3 Mr. greene , get back to you room . jeff , in a well - soile food service uniform , push a cart down the hall . a hair net and dark glass complete he disguise . as the attendant lead greene back to he room , greene stop . he stare at Jeff . then it hit he . greene Jeffrey Jenkins , esquire ! Jeffrey with a J not a G. esquire , not like a knight , but a barrister ... Jeff try to contain he panic . the Guard look at the grimy food service uniform , then back at greene . guard # 3 get you ass in you room ! the Guard lead greene off . Jeff breathes deeply , move on . 35 . int . patient ' ward -- grace's cubicle Jeff slip into Grace 's cubicle . Grace look up and stare . Jeff remove he glass , start talk quickly . jeff Mrs. walden -- it 's I . you lawyer . Jeffrey Jenkins ? she look back at he . Grace be surprised . Jeff remove the tape recorder from he pants . jeff ( continue ) the firm of branson , Davis and Douglas . do not you remember ? Grace stare . Jeff suddenly remember . he remove the hair net . Grace smile . grace Mr. Jenkins ?... they sure run you out of here the other day -- I remember that . jeff Mrs. walden , why be you here ? ( no response ) we do not have much time . grace be you really my lawyer ? jeff yes , Ms. walden . this be just a disguise ... grace be you goin ' to get I out of here ? I need you word . jeff I will do everything in my power ... grace no ! no excuse . last time I tell what happen , it land I in here . I need you to promise . Jeff pause . this old woman have clearly be through hell . 36 . jeff you have my word , Grace . I promise . I will get you out she study Jeff 's eye . hesitates , then grace after the gun shot . I see the man who run down the corridor . and I would not lie about it . jeff what happen ? Grace look away ; she voice and eye remember . grace I be live with Charlie q. stephen back then ... it be April 4th of ' 68 . flashback : int . rooming house -- black and white Grace sit read in she room . the door to she room be open . int . rooming house hallway Charlie q. stephen , drunk and disorderly , be pound on the door of the bathroom which be share by the entire floor . charlie ( shouting ) hey , do you move in there ? there be other people out here , you know . will you get out of that g'damn bathroom ? there be no answer . Charlie kick the door , then turn to walk down the hallway . he pass the room he share with Grace , then start to descend the stairway . ext . rooming house -- day Charlie leave the building and head for the alley beside the house , complain . charlie sonofabitch think he own the bathroom ... Charlie begin to urinate , still mumble and complain . 37 . int . grace's room Grace remain in she room , read she book . as she rock in she rock chair , a explosion from a high - power rifle rattles the room ! Grace bolt up . she hear footstep . Grace turn towards the hallway . her door be partially open . grace's Pov a man -- short , approximately 50 year old , rush past Grace 's door . he be carry something in he right hand . his body intervene between the object and Grace . CUT back to : int . grace's hospital room -- the present start tight on Grace . grace five minute later , seem like there be police everywhere . they bring in some guy who want I to help put together a picture of the man I see ... jeff a identikit ? grace something like that ... and after I finish with that artist , the FBI come . I tell they everything I know and they leave ... flashback : int . grace's room -- black and white grace ( v.0 . ) but they come back that summer in early June ... two FBI agent have photo and document spread out before Grace . Charlie stephen sit in a corner watch and listen . one agent be paul and the other be bobby lee . bobby lee . alright , now , honey , sign right here . grace I do not have my glass . 38 . paul it 's a affidavit . it say that this man -- ( flash photo ) -- James Earl Ray , be the man you see on the day of the murder . grace you already know who he be ? paul they get he over in England . and when you sign this , they will ship he back to we . you will be famous . it 's for you country . Charlie 's big eye be look for a open . Grace see Charlie signal she . bobby lee then there 's the money . some people here in Memphis have offer a reward of $ 100,000 . would not you like to have $ 100,000 ? grace that would be very nice . the FBI Agents share a look . paul you bet . so just put you John hancock right here . grace ( find she glass ) could you show I that picture again ? Bobby Lee push a photo over to she . Grace study the picture . grace ( continue ) you get the wrong man . paul ( impatient ) let I assure you , Mrs. walden , we have the right man . 39 . grace the man I see come past that door be older , short , and thin than this man . do not look anything like he . bobby lee do not you want to help you country ? grace yes , sir , I sure do . you find the right man and I will sign that affidavit . gotta say what I truly see . Bobby Lee know he 's get a problem . CUT back to : int . grace's hospital room -- the present jeff you never sign the affidavit ? grace I could not . they have the wrong man . jeff you be sure ? grace I wish I be not ... flashback : int . grace's room - black and white - night a black screen . suddenly , a hole get kick into the middle of the shot as two men , back light , throw open the door and rush into the room . grace ( v.0 ) but I would not lie . so they come back ... middle of the night . they break into we room . the two man drag a half awake Grace out of bed . grace ( continue ) whatcha do ? stop it ! leggo ' a I ! 40 . one of the man have restraint in he jacket . Grace be bound and pull out of the rooming house . CUT back to : int . grace's hospital room - present - day grace next thing I know , I be in here . wo not let I talk to anyone on the outside . I be the only one . no visit . not even by telephone . and that 's over eight year now . Jeff just stare with a grow concern . he shut off the tape recorder . jeff I be go to get you out of here , Grace . I promise . CUT to : int . n.d. office - - day the backlit man be on the phone . grainy black and white surveillance photo of Jeff and lawson be on he desk . backlit man this guy be not get the message . ( listen ) it 's worth a try . int . church - day lawson be preaching without a mike . lawson we be have we service today without electricity , but Jesus do not need electricity . congregation ( 0.s. ) amen . lawson they can kill the power , but they can not kill we power , because we power 's from above and we sure pay that monthly bill right here , do not we ? 41 . congregation ( chuckle ) amen . the door at the side of the rostrum open and two man in gray suit walk toward the lectern . the congregation get quiet lawson do not see the man at first , but he be strike by the quiet congregation . he turn to see the first suit withdraw a wallet from he coat pocket . man good morning , reverend . we be from the IRS . lawson I be conduct a church service . man and we be conduct a tax audit . ( hand over a envelope ) could you please have you ' 73 through ' 75 record at we office tomorrow . by ten a.m. sorry for the inconvenience . they turn and leave as lawson look after they . int . justine's restaurant - - night a string quartet be play a medley from show Boat , rise to " Old man River . " Lucas be at a table read the Press - scimatar . Jeff approach . he 's edgy , slightly dishevel . jeff sorry I be late . ( he sit ) everything 's just turn upside down . first lawson put I on the walden case , then he try to pull I off . I meet Grace . she seem crazy one day , then clear - as - a - bell the next . then I find Grace 's companion , guy name Charlie q. stephen ... luca Charlie q. stephen ? jeff you know he ? luca of he . scramble egg ! a pass waiter lean in . waiter for dinner , sir? luca ( laugh ) no. just bring we some champagne . ( to Jeff ) what do you want with Charlie ? jeff he 's a key witness in the walden case ... luca .. Charlie stephen do not witness dogshit ! jeff how do you know Charlie ? luca he be a big deal for fifteen minute . Said he see James Earl Ray run out of the rooming house after Dr. King be shot . Hell , he just want the reward money we offer . the waiter bring and pour the champagne . jeff " wwe " ? luca I be part of a local committee . set up a reward fund to solve the murder . ( gesture waiter over ) henri , how 's the sole tonight ? waiter very fresh . luca ( to Jeff ) for both of we ? ( Jeff nod ) and some gumbo to start . the waiter leave . 42 . 43 . jeff why do not Charlie ever get he reward money ? luca because he never testify . he do not have to ! James Earl Ray ple guilty . have no choice . they find the murder weapon with he print all over it . jeff and Grace ? she 's still out at bolivar . luca that may have be a injustice . but she incarceration be not evidence of some conspiracy . jeff look , dad , I be not a conspiracy nut . I be just a lawyer try to win my first case . luca you have to consider more than win , son . you have to consider what 's best for you client . can she take care of herself ? jeff I be not sure . but I be sure she can not stay out there at bolivar . luca what if you have she move to a half - way house . jeff what ? luca forget the trial , no trial . justa simple motion for relief . jeff she be illegally incarcerate . she deserve she day in court . 44 , luca look , if you mention the King assassination , they will have she certified ... and the only way she will leave that place be in a urn . listen to I : get you motion technically perfect , keep it de minimus . she will go to a nice place , be well care for . the waiter approach , set down two bowl of soup . waiter enjoy you soup . Jeff be pensive . Lucas look at he , then pick up he spoon and sample the gumbo . it 's terrific . int . branson law library -- two day later large and spacious , there be a Oriental rug over hardwood floor and a massive conference table . Law book surround the wall . Jeff be look something up . clay Morgan enter . morgan hey , Jeff . what make no money , piss off partner and sink faster than lead shot ? jeff clay , I do not need this right now . morgan bizzz ! time 's up . it 's you Grace walden case . the door to the library open and branson enter . he notice Jeff and Morgan . branson clay could you excuse we for a moment ? clay leave , close the door behind he . branson look at Jeff , then spin he case file around and look at it . branson ( continue ) habeas corpus application for release ? you be determine to make a opera of this , be not you ? 45 . jeff no , sir . just defend my client . branson ten hour , that be the deal . you be way over . jeff well , sir it 's get kinda complicated . I believe if you ... Jeff stop because branson be glaring at he . branson sigh . branson okay , here 's how it will be handle . you will appear before judge Horace Jackson . you will file a motion for confinement to a halfway house . there will be no further suit , action or claim . be that clear ? jeff very clear , sir . branson turn and leave . int . memphis courtroom - - day Jeff and Katy enter the courtroom . Katy take a seat in the first row of the spectator section , directly behind the defense table . lawson ( 0.s. ) Jeff . Jeff turn to see lawson get up from the opposite side of the courtroom . lawson ( continue ) this be a mistake . get a postponement , do what ever ... bailiff all rise ! Court be in session . the honorable judge Horace Jackson preside . Jackson enter , take he seat . Jeff move to he appoint spot at the defense table . a side door open . Grace appear in the doorway , escort by a matron and a guard . 46 . she be dress in a horrible print smock . her hair be a mess and she be not wear she tooth . jeff ( turn to Katy ) where 's she new dress ? katy I do not know . I deliver it myself . Grace be lead to the defense table . jeff Grace ? be you alright . where 's the dress we buy you ? Grace stare off in the distance , drugge . jeff ( continue ; to the matron ) come on , lady , what would you give she ? where 's she new dress ?! this tense face - off be interrupt by the pounding of the judge 's gavel . Jackson look disapprovingly at Grace . judge jackson ( sotto voce ) good God ... ( lean back ) counsel approach the bench . you join we , too , Mr. Cooper . c. jame cooper , Assistant Attorney General , and Jeff walk up to the bench . Jeff be white with rage . lawson look on with consternation . judge ( to Jeff ) you client do not look too alert to I , counselor . jeff ( nervous ) perhaps , you honor , that 's because she 's be give sedative . cooper the State be outrage , you honor ! judge that 's a serious accusation , young man . 47 . jeff I be sorry , you honor . I be simply ask for a ruling on my application for habea corpus . judge well , that 's flat deny . it 's obvious to anyone with eye that Ms. walden be in no condition to care for herself . I order that she be move to a halfway house . Jeff , Grace , lawson all react . in the back of the courtroom sit a stoic , elderly man , mr. phillip . judge ( continue ; indicate ) Mr. Phillips , I hereby name you guardian ad-litem to protect the interest of Ms. walden . if you believe that interview and involvement in controversial matter would be harmful to she , I be confident you will act appropriately . jeff but you honor ... the judge bang he gavel . judge shut up , Mr. Jenkins , and you hear what I say . you be to have no further contact with miz walden . that mean by phone or by mail or by smoke signal . you get I on that ? jeff she 's never have a hearing or a psychiatric evaluation . she 's be deny ... judge do not mess with I Mr. Jenkins unless you intend to embark on a new career . the judge precipitously swivel in he chair and head for he chamber . Jeff be stunne , turn to see lawson . they eye connect . push in on lawson . 48 . extreme close -up a black and white image of the 1968 sanitation worker ' March . at the head of the march , walk arm - in - arm , be a row of clergy . at the center of the group be Martin luther King . next to he be Jim lawson . int . church study - day lawson sit at he desk , stare at the photo in front of he . move in tight lawson . sound of break glass begin to rise . shout . flashback : ext . memphis STREET - day - MARCH 30 , 1968 Black and white newsreel footage of the March . then the image of rioting . of the police . mayhem . then the row of clergy march arm - in - arm . move - in on King and lawson . flash ! the screen go white . CUT back to : black and white photograph of lawson and king in the MARCH int . church study - present pull back from the photograph to reveal that it rest on the desk . lawson sit quietly , anguish by the memory . the room be light only by candle . dorothy ( v.0 . ) be you back with Martin , again ? lawson turn to see he wife have enter the study . lawson no ... no ... just think . dorothy I be go home . gotta get the tax record together . clarence say the power company still have not show up . he 's check the cable himself . lawson thanks . he seem down and she know she man . 49 . dorothy it be not you fault , baby . lawson yeah , I know ... I know . dorothy we will get through it . we always have before . she kiss he on the top of the head and leave . lawson sit back and look at the picture of Martin . lawson ( sotto voce ) be I do right here , Martin ? I feel like I be mess up ... ( a beat ) gimme a sign , brother . and right then , the light come back on . clarence's voice I get them reverend . look like the line be cut . a loud pop !! int . luca jenkins' home - - night close - up on a champagne bottle . the cork fly , foam spill . pull - back to reveal Lucas Jenkins pour the champagne into two glass . Jeff stand across from he father . Lucas pass he a glass . he then raise he glass to propose a toast . Jeff reluctantly follow suit . luca ubi ius ibi remedium . where law prevail , there be a remedy . to you Jeff , to you first legal victory . jeff Victory ? I be all but run outta court . luca nonsense . you have to temper you idealism with practicality . the Memphis lawyer call I for a quote . they be do a article about you . you have come out of this just fine . 50 . jeff you think ? I can not see my client that halfway house could be just another lock room . I will never know , because I have be prohibit from contact she . luca Grace will be just fine . jeff you do not know that ! you go to lawson to have I pull off the case . do not you ?! then you go to branson . ( no response ) that be you idea , the halfway house ? you go behind my back . luca I protect you back ! I be try to operate in you best interest . jeff I have a client . she happen to be my first client and my only client . she 's not crazy . she do not need a halfway house . she need she freedom . luca and you need to stop be so damn naive ! lawson just want a white face to walk into court . he know about the string attach to Grace walden , about Charlie stephen and James Earl Ray and the whole cesspool of lunatic conspiracy theory . he set you up . and he will drag you down with he . Jeff turn , leave he father alone . prelap SOUND of a int . lawson be house - night lawson open the front door and find Jeff stand on he front porch . jeff we need to talk . he push he way into the house . lawson follow . 51 . int . den - night they enter . lawson close the door . jeff this be not about Grace walden at all , be it ?! Grace be you star witness ! you be try to use she to reopen the King case . lawson to begin with , lower you voice . I have child sleep . Jeff take a deep breath , nod . lawson ( continue ) secondly , wWimmresk you to go up to bolivar ? I just ask you to file a writ . jeff ( still piss ) she be my client . I can not file papers on she behalf without talk to she first . lawson sure you can . she be deny due process . write a writ , plain and simple . file it . instead , because you go up there , you get they all rile up . now she 's lock away in some halfway house and we will never get she testimony . jeff you never give a damn about she for you this be just about the King assassination ! lawson you be wrong , Jeff . jeff yeah ? why now ? it 's be eight year . case close . lawson wrong ! the climate have change . Hoover 's dead . we be out of viet nam . 52 . lawson ( cont 'd ) now the public 's beginning to ask question . people be organize . there 's a petition drive - demand that the Congress set up a committee to investigate . the time be right . we have to do it now . jeff we ? you presume that " we " include the young white attorney who be dumb enough to run a key part of you case by a genteel white judge ? right ? lawson a Black attorney would be view differently . it would look more like politics than law . jeff it be politics . it 's nothing but politics . ( a beat . ) my father be right . I be one naive bastard . lawson there 's much more at stake here than you feeling . Martin be murder . he be assassinate and the wrong man be in jail for it . jeff you want I to return the tape . here it be ! he reach into he pocket , pull out a audio tape . jeff ( continue ) the first one be gibberish . this one tell it all . take it , I will not need it anymore . he hand lawson the tape , get up and exit . int . rack and cue billiard room - night start on a triangle of ball . a cue ball smack into the pack . Jeff be shoot a solitary game of eight Ball . he 's a lone white face in the run down joint . on the tv screen over the bar , the local tv station be on . 53 . tv announcer as we approach the eighth anniversary of Dr. King 's assassination , we reporter , terri Chambers , have assemble a tribute to this great american . on the tv , a montage special of King . harold ( 0.s. ) well , well well ... Jeff turn to see harold . he be sharply dress . harold be barely recognizable as the Jenkins ' humble houseman . he hold a cue case . harold ( continue ) what 's they more ) ya gotta bring some ass to whup some ass ! must be ass - whupping time . jeff ( down ) ai not be that time for a while poppa h . harold ( put cue together ) well , well , mister Jeff , you not here for a whuppin' ? ( no response ) you here about that pretty girl ? ( no response ) must be serious . we better rack " they up . collect the ball in the triangle . the tv keep roll the clip . the immediate image show the chaos right after King 's kill . jeff you go to lawson 's church , right ? harold deacon 's board . eleven year now . jeff what 's with that guy ? harold the reverend ? ( Jeff nod ) 54 . harold ( cont 'd ) lawson 's a heavyweight . study at that ghandi School in India . taught nonviolence to all they student that integrate in selma , Montgomery ... jeff but what about all the conspiracy stuff ? I mean , seem a little , I do not know ... harold or you do not want to know ? ( Jeff be catch like a deer in headlight ) scary , be not it ? this here 's the land of the free ... the home of the brave , huh ? one nation , with liberty and justice for all ! wake up , boy ! Jeff have be so accustom to see harold as the deferential houseman , that the sudden revelation of harold 's political cynicism be disorient . harold ( continue ; line up he break ) you busy tomorrow , ' round 8 pm ? Jeff nod . harold break . the ball scatter . on the tv - a powerful image of King . king ( footage ) the goal of life be not to seek pleasure or pain . the goal of life be to do God 's work , come what may ... Jeff look intently at the screen . King alive , vital . SHOCK CUT to : close -up -- martin luther king , dead a voice next ! int . college auditorium - - night a flash of light reveal a slide- projector . another slide pop onto the large screen : a closer shot of King , dead . a large sign tell we we be at memphis state university . only a handful of student , mostly black , be in attendance . from a light booth , a aide punch up slide onto a screen . 55 . the spill of light reveal dick gregory , as he conclude he lecture . gregory .. next ! slide # 2 : king aide pointing from the balcony gregory ( continue ) who do it ? I do not know . but I do know that before you can discover the who , you have to understand the why . slide # 3 : the weary defiant face of the worker in contrast to the helmete police . Jeff and harold standmogrehe back of the auditorium , listen . gregory ( continue ) Dr. King come to Memphis to march with the strike worker . he come because reverend James lawson begge he to come . slide 4 : mlk and jim lawson marching arm-in -arm Jeff be take by surprise . slide 5 : a worker wear a placard that say " I am a man " gregory ( continue ) " I be aman ! " Martin come to Memphis so that sanitation worker could have the simple right to use the city 's toilet instead of a tin can in the cab of they truck ! student Mr. Gregory , be you say Dr. King be kill by someone oppose to the strike ? gregory no. Memphis be the scene of the crime , but it be not the cause . the cause lay in Washington . Dr. King have organize a poor people 's March . 56 . gregory ( cont 'd ) people , maybe million , be go to set up a tent city right in the heart of the Capitol . ( wipe he brow ) Martin intend to stay in DC until the economic order of this country be change . and that terrify the authority . it be sedition . it be insurrection ! the image on the screen continue to change , give visual dimension to Gregory 's narrative . gregory ( continue ) exactly one month before the assassination , J. Edgar Hoover wire every FBI office : " prevent the rise of a black messiah " . Washington , D.C. be Jerusalem to Martin luther King - and to John Edgar Hoover . the light go up . the lean , intense Gregory " preach " and teach to the hushed audience . gregory ( continue ) Martin King be assassinate because he be a dreamer , a drum major , for all people 's human rights ! and that responsible for he death do not just kill the dreamer - they want to kill the dream ! we have to press for the truth . we have to relight the flame ! sign the petition . we can force the Congress to investigate Dr. King 's murder . a bell ring . lecture be over . harold look at Jeff , then turn and walk away . Jeff stand shell - shocked , inert . int . college auditorium - corridor - night the crowd be disperse after the lecture . Gregory walk out carry he slide and note . Jeff be wait . jeff Mr. Gregory ...? gregory I be sorry . I be run late . 57 . jeff I be Grace walden 's attorney . Gregory stop , look back at Jeff . gregory you know where I can reach she ? we need she testimony . jeff what make you so sure that Ray do not do it . they find the gun with he print on it . gregory that they do . that fact alone point to he innocence . Jeff appear confuse . pre-lap sound of run foot . flashback : ext . rooming house - april 4 , 1968 - 6:02 pm start on run foot . a shadowy figure emerge from the side entrance of the rooming house . in he right hand , he carry a rifle wrap in a blanket . the figure turn leave onto Main Street , drop the package in plain view and run on . gregory ( v.0 . ) assume Ray do carefully plot the kill , why in hell would he drop the gun with he fingerprint on it right outside the rooming house ? CUT back to : int . corridor - present gregory that rifle be such a obvious plant , I be surprised nobody water it . ( grow impatient ) look , the committee be about to hire a special counsel . Edward ennis . he be solicitor General under FDR . he will need to interview Grace . 58 . jeff my client have be involuntarily commit to a institution . my only concern be she freedom ... gregory you can not really be that naive . Grace walden be a political prisoner . you will never get she justice until you deal with the larger issue . she 's the key to this whole case . I need to talk to she ! jeff not go to happen . Jeff turn and walk away . int . lawson house - e@rore yorning we hear a persistent banging on the door . Jim lawson move through the shot , belting a robe , he be half - asleep as he lean down and look through the peep hole . he Pov - fish eye - jeff jenkins stand on he porch in the rain . his hair and clothes drip wet . resume lawson he open the door , reveal Jeff . jeff I have one question ... lawson come out of the rain , boy . Jeff move into the house and begin puddle on the floor of the entry hall . lawson toss he a towel . jeff if Dick Gregory and the other can get Congress to open up a investigation and if Grace be to testify , could they protect she ... keep she from be lock up in another nut house ? lawson it 's the Congress of the United States of America . 59 . lawson ( cont 'd ) they can do anything they want . ( beat ) we have already contact a very eminent jurist to be counsel ... jeff ( interrupt ) I know . Edward ennis . ( lawson be surprised ) you do not need eminent ! you need a killer , a pit bull . lawson what be you say ? jeff Richard Sprague be in town for the bar Association Convention ... ( a beat ) he take on tony boyle and the whole corrupt mine worker Union and beat they to a pulp . ( beat ) you hire Sprague , and I be with you on this . lawson ( pause ) because of what happen to Martin , or what happen to Grace ? jeff I promise my client she freedom ... so far , I have not keep my word . lawson choose he word carefully . lawson I will have to make some call , but if Sprague be available and willing , we will go with he . Jeff exhales . that settles it . he turn to go . lawson ( continue ) what be you gonna do ? jeff I be gonna go rescue my client from that halfway house . lawson you be go to kidnap she ? 60 . jeff I be go to liberate she . lawson Son , slow down here , for a minute . you be drink have not you ? you be go to defy a court order ? you could go to jail . jeff yeah , I think about that ... and that 's a drag . lawson hesitates . lawson hold on , a minute , I be come with you . jeff you gonna try to talk I out of it ? lawson somebody need to say prayer over this damn fool idea . lawson head off to change . move in on Jeff , still wet . int . halfway house - day close on Grace , talk on the telephone . grace of course I recognize you voice . ( beat ) I do not think I can do that . ( beat ) Red . all right . Goodbye . widen to reveal the matron in the room , listen . grace ( continue ; to matron ) that be my uncle . he want I to knit he a sweater . he like red . matron I take the call downstairs . sounded like a young man to I ... 61 . ext . STREET - phone booth - day Jeff hang up a pay phone and walk back , across the street lawson be sit in he W , park behind a new red chevy rental car . the rain have stop . jeff she will be out front in fifteen minute . maybe a prayer about now would help . lawson put the ww in gear and pull out . Jeff walk to the rental car , get in and hang a U , go in the opposite direction . ext . halfway house - day the red rental car pull up in front of the halfway House . on grace she be seat on the top step , knitting . a large paper shopping bag be beside she . as soon as she see the red car , Grace grab the bag , dart down the step and jump into the car . it scream away . the matron run after the matron take a pen and a pad from she pocket and try to jot down the license plate number of the vehicle but Jeff have remove the plate . ( he 's learn the trick ) . ext . STREET - continuous the red car make a right turn at the next corner , then a leave . it pull up alongside lawson 's park car . Jeff and Grace exit the red car and walk forward to the W . lawson sit in the driver 's seat . next to he be a burly black man . the Black man exit the W and walk toward Jeff . they exchange a word . the Black man then move to the red car , get behind the wheel and drive away . Jeff and Grace enter the W and lawson drive away . int . car - day jeff Grace , this be reverend lawson . he 's the one who ask I to be you attorney . 62 . grace God bless you , reverend . lawson thank you , Grace . ( a beat ) we have arrange a place for you to stay . we can only use it for a coupla ' day , but we will find a more permanent place . the main thing be , you will be protect . Grace appear relieved . they pull out ext . a SMALL house on central ave . - day the W pull up . the SOUND of another car approach get Jeff 's attention . two black men drive up and park . they get out and approach Jeff . Grace look at the man with concern . lawson this man be part of the sanitation worker ' Strike . Dr King come to Memphis to help they . they be go to take turn keep a eye on the house . Grace nod courteously to the two man . jeff we be go to need you to tell you story . grace I will not say I see something I do not . jeff that 's what we be count on . Jeff hug Grace . int . n.d. office - - day the backlit man be seat at he desk . the door open and a agent enter , stand with he back to the camera . agent the matron confirm it . Grace walden 's go . 63 . backlit man Young Mr. Jenkins have a promise career . you have the file ? int . branson's office - - day close on a polished conference table . the Memphis lawyer hit the shiny surface and slide across the table . we follow it and pan up to Katy , who be stand in the office , look at a angry William branson . branson you say you would get we some press miss bolton , but this sure as hell , be not what I have in mind . she pick it up . ( more ) branson ( continue ) do not waste you time . it 's not a pleasant read . they stand there for a long moment , trading look . branson ( continue ) frankly , I be confuse . you people be always gripe about lack of opportunity . and here you be , at a prestigious firm , where you have a chance to advance you race . and , what do you do with it ? ( he point at article ) you jeopardize this firm 's reputation and you own reputation for what ? a crazy old lady . ( a beat ) Jeff Jenkins be listen to you and lawson and all the rest of you people involved in this ... katy ( interrupt ) Sir ... branson let I finish . if Jeff be involved in the kidnap of this woman , he will be disbarre and , likely jaile . ( a beat ) 64 . branson ( cont 'd ) I expect you to talk sense into that boy or do not bother to come back here tomorrow morning . ( a beat ) we have do we part . now , dammit , you do yours . Katy stand , she expression unflinch . CUT to : ext . memphis HOTEL - establishing - night Jeff and lawson approach the entrance . jeff ( low ) Sprague may be the best criminal prosecutor in the country . he 's only in town for a few day ... lawson you do not have to sell I , son . sell he . int . sprague' HOTEL room - night close on richard sprague . 40' , well - tailore . tough as nail . sprague it 's kinda off my beat ... lawson my young friend here , tell I you be ... the best criminal prosecutor in the country . Jeff give lawson a look sprague ( a smile ) I see ... ( a beat ) who know about this meeting , tonight ? lawson besides we , just Congressman fauntroy . he 's in charge of the House Committee . 65 . ext . HOTEL - night a dark - color , windowless van be park at the curb . a middle aged white man wear a suit approach the van . he carry three cup of coffee . he tap on the rear door . it open . he step inside . the door slide shut , wiping frame . int . sprague' HOTEL suite - matching wipe as Jeff cross frame . reveal Sprague , now with he tie off , hold the folder . sprague you realize that everyone who try to prove a political conspiracy end up be label a crackpot - or worse . lawson I have live with that a while . jeff would you at least meet with Grace ? I can have she here in ten minute . she 's be wait to tell she story for eight year . sprague let I get back to you . no need to rush into this . there 's plenty of time . lawson reach into he pocket and pull out a envelope and hand it to Sprague . lawson this arrive at my church yesterday . Sprague open the envelope , withdraw a note . a small cylindrical object drop onto the coffee table . it be a .38 caliber bullet . the note be in block letter and read : " the next one be for you nigger " resume all Jeff look at lawson . Sprague be clearly troubled . sprague so you be say there 's not that much time after all .... 66 . lawson I would sort of like to be around to see how it come out . Sprague heave a sigh . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - night neon sign flash from outside . Jeff 's shirt sleeve be roll up . he be pace in the small live room of the suite . lawson be seat , weary of Jeff 's anxiety . low tone murmur from the adjoin bedroom . lawson will you just sit down . lawson reach into a nightstand , withdraw a gideon Bible . lawson ( continue ) here . read . it will calm you down . jeff ( take the book ) the Bible ? lawson try Genesis . chapter 37 . jeff ( find the spot ) " and when they see he afar off ... " you have get to be kid . lawson read . Jeff sit , and , what the hell , he read . after a moment , the door open , revealing Grace for a minute . then Sprague come into the live room and close the door , shutting Grace from view . sprague lemme ask you a question ... do she always take she tooth out when she 's talk to stranger ? jeff shit. 67 . sprague she 's a endear old lady but she 's fragile . lawson she 's be isolate for eight year ... sprague I can not go to the Congress with theory . I gotta have witness . witnesses who can stand up to the most intense cross examination . jeff tell we who you need , and we will try to get they for you . sprague that 's you job . you find the witness that make you case and bring they to I . lawson can we tell fauntroy you be we attorney ? sprague not yet . right now let 's say , I be willing to be convinced . ext . HOTEL - night Grace be be put into the car and drive off by the sanitation worker who be guard she . ten other people and a doorman be milling in front of the Hotel . Jeff and lawson stand in the entry watch in silence as the windowless van pull out to follow Grace . angle - jeff he see the van and run out into the street , block its way . it slam on the brake . ( they will not hit he in front of ten witness ) . the car with Grace turn the corner and be go . the window of the van roll down . a man lean out angrily . man get outta ' the way asshole !! 68 . enough time have pass so Jeff walk back and rejoin lawson . the van go up the street , but they have lose the chance to follow . jeff I gotta go . lawson where you go ? we need to find witness . jeff no , you need to find witness . I need to find a more permanent place for Grace to stay . Jeff start to walk off into the night lawson hey !... I wanna to hire you . ( Jeff turn ) I want you to be my counsel . jeff I think I destroy you case . why would you want to hire a screw up like I ? lawson ( smile ) I admire you dedication to you client . I be offer you a job . start you meter . jeff what about Grace ? as part of my fee , can you arrange a place for Grace to live ? lawson well , I suppose ... jeff ... with meal include . there be a beat . finally lawson smile . then , he and Jeff shake hand . 69 . int . church basement - - day the choir can be hear rehearse Gospel music upstairs . lawson be go through old newspaper clipping on the assassination . brother clarence escort Katy in and motion to lawson . katy Excuse I . I be look for Jeff . lawson turn . lawson Katy . Jeff be not here . katy where be he ? with Grace ? lawson at the coroner 's office . you do not approve of Jeffrey 's involvement in all this , do you ? katy kidnap be a serious crime . lawson unfortunately , sometimes power concede nothing without demand . katy you be preaching to the wrong sister , reverend . I lose my father to talk like that . she move deeper into the room . katy ( continue ) pray have keep my family on they knee for a long time . ( a beat ) up until a couple of hour ago , I have the opportunity to maybe , one day , effect change from within the system . you can run around , try to beat the door down from the outside , and all you do be make a lot of noise . insider can open that door . 70 . lawson true . but , " what do it profit a man , if he gain the whole world and lose he soul " ... Mark eight , chapter thirteen . katy " a man can not ride you back if you be stand up straight " ... Martin luther King , April 15 , 1967 . Jeff come down the stair , two at a time . jeff hey , I find something ... ( see Katy ) Katy , good you be here . look at this . the slug that the coroner remove from the body be in one piece . hold up a picture of the autopsy photo . jeff ( continue ) the coroner confirm it . but the slug that the FBI Lab use for a ballistic 's test be in three piece . that mean there 's a massive break in the chain of evidence . katy do not jump to conclusion . jeff who 's jump ?! the FBI try to match the rifle that be find in front of the rooming house to the death slug . there be no match . Katy , they can not prove that the gun with Ray 's fingerprint on it be the murder weapon ! he look at Katy , then lawson . they be not with he . jeff ( continue ) this be big . you two seem underwhelm . do I miss something ? 71 . ext . church - - night Jeff and Katy be exite the Church , walk to she car . katy : I be not run . I be just not go to be a part of a kidnap . jeff look , even if none of this bullshit be true , she 's a poor woman who 's be institutionalized without due process . katy it 's easy for you to play semantics . you be a nice liberal white boy with no damn idea of what it 's like out there . jeff what about Grace walden ? what 's it like for she ? katy do not tell I about Grace . I have get a family full of Grace walden and they scrubbed floor to send I to college . I be the first one out . understand ?. the farthest you be gonna fall , be you daddy 's country club . ( a beat ) I be sorry , Jeff , I can not afford to be a part of this . she move away from he and get in she car and drive off , leave he stand there . ext . memphis country club - day Lucas be seat at the outdoor bar , overlook the luscious fairway . he 's have a lemonade after finish he morning golf . Bill branson sit down beside he . branson we just lose the State employee pension Fund and the Southern utility account . he drop a copy of the Memphis lawyer on the table . 72 . branson ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and it 's only Tuesday . luca ( shake ) Jesus ... I will talk to he . branson it 's too late for that . this could take we all down . he get up and exit , pass a waiter who come up to the table . waiter phone call for you , Mr. Jenkins . luca who be it . waiter you son . there be a long , reflective moment . luca tell he I already leave . waiter he say it 's urgent . luca I be not here . the waiter hesitates , then leave . move in on Lucas . int . dark closet a black hand in a dark closet thrust through object to grasp a long map carton . int . ed redditt be den - - day voice I be with Memphis PD for 20 year . I be in charge of security for Dr. King every time he come to Memphis . the speaker be ed redditt ( 40s ) , a Memphis Police detective : black ; handsome ; very intense . reverend lawson and Jeff sit . Jeff have he tape recorder run as redditt unroll a large map from the carton and spread it on he desk . 73 . lawson and Jeff rise to stand over it . ( see map in Appendix ) redditt pick up a handful of white piece from a chess set and position they on the map . redditt this be my assignment . here 's the lorraine Motel . walden and stephen be in the rooming house , here . accord to the FBI , the gunman be over here . he pick up the black chess king and place it on the diagram . redditt ( continue ) and King be here . up until that evening , FBI agent be right here . he pick up a handful of piece and place more white pawn around the perimeter . only the white queen remain in he hand . he look at it , as do Jeff and lawson . jeff what 's with the white queen ? redditt no. Hoover be not there . lawson give a huge chuckle , break the tension for a moment . as redditt resume , move piece , Jeff and lawson crowd in closer . redditt ( continue ) my normal security detail consist of ten man . but they cut I back to two . ' bout a hour before the killin' , the Chief send for I . it be like a meeting of the Joint Chiefs of staff ... flashback : int . memphis police department , april 4 , 1968 , 4:30 p.m. a large conference room fill with man seat at a table : some wear high - rank police brass and uniform , other , in plainclothes , stand off to the side . director of Fire and Police frank holloman preside over the meeting . Ed redditt have just be bring in by lieutenant arkin . 74 . holloman Ed , this gentleman be from the FBI . they have information that a group in Mississippi have a contract out to kill you . so , you go on home now and stay there . redditt Chief , I can not leave Officer Richmond alone . holloman that 's a order , and there 's nothing to discuss . CUT back to : int . redditt home -- the present redditt two Memphis police officer take I home , and remain with I in the house . lawson you be under " house arrest " ? jeff Mr. redditt -- what ever happen to this contract on you life ? redditt after the assassination , no one ever say another word about it . lawson and would you be willing to testify to that ? in front of Congress ? redditt man , I have carry this with I for too long ... yeah . I would testify . Jeff pick up several white pawn . he point to the area of the diagram that show the fire station . jeff would not the firemen have see something ? Jeff put down the white pawn at the fire station . redditt smile , pick up two black knight and place they , also , at the fire station . 75 . redditt especially the black firemen . if they would be there . ( to lawson ) remember floyd newsum ? lawson yeah . he help organize the sit - in for the sanitation worker . redditt hey , I be not the only one who 's feed - up with all the lie . talk to floyd . ext . levee - day the Mississippi River . a stocky black man , floyd newsum , be toss stone into the toll river . lawson and Jeff stand behind he . newsum I should have be there ! I would have see the killer ! jeff why be not you at the firehouse ? newsum because my supervisor call I at 10:30 at night -- to tell I that I be transfer . I and norvil wallace . we be the only two black firemen at Station 2 . lawson maybe they need you somewhere else ... newsum no , reverend : I be send toa station that be over staff . understand ? so be norvil . we have no assignment . but at number two , they be so short - hand that the equipment be " inoperable for lack of personnel . " Jeff and lawson exchange a look jeff what man have the power to move Fire and Police officer around like that ? 76 . newsum not man . man. lawson Frank holloman . jeff who ? lawson in the history of Memphis , for a brief period of time , there be one man who be the director of both Fire and Police . jeff be holloman work for the FBI ? newsum best ask Arthur murtaugh . he be with the bureau over twenty year . he 's retire . might be willing to talk . ( to Jeff ) you marry ? jeff no . newsum that 's good . int . lawson's office - day Jeff and lawson be work together . the office have be turn into a war room . Jeff read from a file on King while eat one of sister ione 's delicious pie . jeff I can not believe this stuff . they let King sit in jail with a break arm ? that 's illegal . lawson that 's real . once Martin go toa maximum security prison for a traffic ticket . lawson move to the bulletin board and look at it . lawson ( continue ) what about Charlie q. stephen ? 77 . jeff if Sprague think Grace be fragile , he 's gonna love Charlie . besides , Charlie q. stephen do not witness dogshit . ( off lawson 's look ) a quote from the honorable Lucas Jenkins . lawson yeah , well , murtaugh sound promise . Jeff start on another pie as : dorothy open the door and stick she head in . dorothy sister ione be out here , baby . she need to talk to you . lawson oh no ... not now . dorothy I have put she off twice already . jeff ( lick he finger ) be that the lady with the pie ? get we another peach cobbler . int . corridor - - day the reverend emerge from he office . lawson sister ione , what can I do for you ? tone ( tear in she eye ) I be so sorry , reverend , but I can not come here anymore . lawson Willie do not get he solo ? I will talk to brother Boxer . ione no ... it be not safe here . lawson not safe ? 78 . tone my sister go to 16th Street Baptist back in Birmingham . you remember ? ( a beat ) some of we be gettin ' phone call ... and then , there be that man take picture ... lawson what man ? whatta you talk about ? dorothy I try to tell you about that earlier , honey . there be two man out in the parking lot . take picture of license plate . he start down the hall and out of the Church . dorothy call after he . dorothy ( continue ) Jim ! but ... he 's go . ext . parking lot - - day there be two men in gray suit move around with camera . one be take picture of car license plate . several of the Church faithful be get into car and pull out . some be stand around watch , not sure what to do . lawson move directly towards the man , who ignore he . church member ( as lawson go by ) who be they , reverend ? lawson do not respond . he stop in front of they and snatch the camera out of the surprised agent 's hand . agent that 's government property . lawson strip the film out of the camera , then toss the camera back . it hit the man in the chest . 79 . agent ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) you just make a big mistake . lawson unless you have business here , you be trespasp on private property . you can get the hell out of this parking lot . a couple of the big church member take they lead from lawson and move in . the two Agents look around at the angry black face . the Agents back up , get into they car and pull out lawson take the film and walk past the Church member . lawson ( continue ) choir practice start in ten minute , brother Boxer be wait . he head back into the church . int . lawson study lawson come in and slam the door . he 's still hot . Jeff have watch it all from the office window . jeff what part of the infant be you look at out there ? lawson drop the film in the trash . lawson sometimes I do it better than other . he pause , then turn and face Jeff . lawson ( continue ) murtaugh life in upstate New York . I get problem here . you will have to go see he by yourself . you okay with that ? int . arthur murtaugh's home -- next day arthur murtaugh ( 5as ) be a shrewd , experience veteran . his hand tremble , he face be mottle , he cannot forget 80 . murtaugh I be assign to the field Office in Atlanta . for ten year I be part of cointelpro . jeff huh ? murtaugh surveillance and harassment . and whatever else Hoover deem necessary to derail the Civil rights Movement . Jeff be shake . jeff whatever else ...? murtaugh whatever . remember the four little girl who be kill by a bomb in Birmingham ? 1963 ? ( Jeff nod ) we have clear , conclusive evidence on the killer . Hoover halt the investigation . hid the evidence . no one question he authority . jeff Mr. murtaugh , do you know Frank holloman ? murtaugh sure . holloman be the Inspector in charge of the " s.0.g . " ( Jeff look puzzle ) " the seat of government " -- that 's what Mr. Hoover call he office . in Hoover 's mind , even the President report to he . holloman be Hoover 's man . jeff he see Hoover every day ? murtaugh he do . so do I -- at one point I see he . I see it . I see the hate . flashback : 81. int . J. edgar hoover's office -- MARCH , 1968 the office be dark except for the beam of the film projector . murtaugh and several other agent sit in the deep shadow watch . the agent be arrange around the raise desk and chair of J. edgar hoover the man in darkness , who sit as if lock onto the image on the screen of martin luther king , JR . Hoover , squat and seethe , be immobile in the light spill . his voice be a steady subterranean stream of filth : hoover commonist . pervert. traitor ... on the screen ( stock ) : king # 1 dr . king " a few year ago , it seem as if there be a real promise of hope for the poor , both black and white ... and then come the build - up of viet nam . and I watch this promise break ... " intercut hoover like a litany , the invective grind out , sibilant and raw . hoover weakle . anarchist ... on the screen ( stock ) : king # 2 dr . king " the poor people 's March on Washington will demand total , direct , and immediate abolition of poverty . " hoover this -- be -- commonism ! on the screen ( stock ) : king # 3 dr . king " we seek to say to the nation that if you do not straighten up , then you be write you own obituary . we must love each other , or perish . " hoover Love the white woman -- whoremonger ! 82 . Hoover pound he desk violently . CUT back to : int . murtaugh's home Jeff 's eye do not leave murtaugh . jeff do Hoover hate King enough to have he kill ? murtaugh at first he think that he could assassinate King 's character -- he reputation . flashback : int . hoover's electronic room murtaugh and two other agent stand while Hoover sit and listen to a tape -- a tape with muffled sound that be completely incoherent . hoover . where 's this one from ? agent # 1 stockholm . Hoover beat on the table , he voice choke . hoover they give that whoremaster the Nobel Prize ! Hoover wipe he hand ; slip a mint into he mouth ; jut out he jaw . hoover ( continue ) next ! agent two put on a second tape : breathe , sound of bedsprings , soft laughter . hoover ( continue ) turn it up ... more ... louder ! 83 . Hoover listen to what may be the sound of sexual intercourse . he be clearly excited . the Agents avert they eye from the terrible scene . hoover ( continue ) again . be that he ? murtaugh well , sir , it 's actually reverend abernathy 's room , but he -- hoover it 's King !... I know King . agent # 2 yes , sir . Hoover rise , snarlingyore ) hoover send it to King with a letter say if he do not kill himself , we will release it to the press . CUT back to : int . murtaugh's home start tight on Jeff 's incredulous expression . jeff they do not actually send ... murtaugh we do . have it postmark in Atlanta , but it be write in D.C. jeff who authorize the wiretaps ? murtaugh the Attorney General . Bobby Kennedy . jeff I think Bobby hate Hoover . murtaugh he do , but he love he own brother more . ( let it sink in ) we wire King for year . 84 . murtaugh ( cont 'd ) Hoover force Bobby to sign off on it . blackmail he with tape of Jack ... in inappropriate circumstance . Hoover have tape on everybody . then something happen . flashback : hoover's office - MARCH 1968 tight on television . lyndon Johnson be speak straight into camera . LBJ . what we win when all of we people united must not now be lose ... acqmokmgly , I shall not seek , and I will not accept , the nomination of my party for another term as you President ... hoover ( v.0 . ) why do not I know about this ? wide to show Hoover . a nervous agent stand to one side . agent nobody do , sir . hoover that little bastard , Bobby ! if he think I will let he be President ... agent Sir , Senator Kennedy have be try to call Dr. King . we think he might offer King the vice President slot . hoover that be not go to happen . CUT back to : int . murtaugh's house - present murtaugh Hoover be in a panic . if Kennedy be elect , Hoover be finish . the poor people 's March be just a month off . 85 . murtaugh ( cont 'd ) for Hoover it be a state of National emergency . then King sign he own death warrant . flashback : int . FBI audio room - MARCH 1968 Hoover , murtaugh and three other agent be listen toa tape recording of Dr. King : king ( on tape ) . the effort by the FBI to destroy we movement by peddle gossip about my sex life must be expose . lawyer ( on tape ) you can not do this , Martin . it 's suicide . king ( on tape ) we can weather any storm . I must make a public confession even if it mean that the Movement go on without I . lawyer ( on tape ) there be no Movement without you . king ( on tape ; laugh ) there would better be . anyway , I appreciate you counsel , but my mind be make up . murtaugh rise and lunge out of the room . CUT back to : int . murtaugh's house -- the present murtaugh turn away from Jeff , as if ashamed by what he remember so clearly . 86 . murtaugh King be different than the other . simple character assassination would not be enough to stop he . flashback : int . J. edgar hoover's office - MARCH , 1968 murtaugh and several other agent be seat in chair in front of Hoover 's desk . they bend forward like slave wait for they master 's pronouncement hoover what hotel be King stay in ? murtaugh in Memphis , sir ? hoover yes , for goodness sake ! 1st agent rivermont . here 's a photograph , sir the agent place a blow - up of the holiday Inn rivermont on a easel . the photo , take from a distance , show the isolation of the large structure . Hoover shake he head negatively . hoover no good . get he out of there . 2nd agent well , sir , we have a plan that -- hoover let I hear it . 2nd agent we think of a campaign in the news media to point out that King want to stay in a luxury white hotel while there be negro-owned hotel that be suffer for lack of business . hoover good . want to conduct a " lay - in " there . Hoover smile slightly , the other follow suit . 87 . hoover ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what negro motel offer the best opportunity ? 2nd agent we think the lorraine Motel , sir . the second agent place a blow - up of the lorraine Motel on the easel . hoover what 's across the street from it ? 2 nd agent there 's a embankment -- hoover a bank ? 2 nd agent sorry , sir , I mean to say a embankment -- a cliff -- hoover I know what a embankment be ! 2nd agent on top of the , uh , embankment be some rooming house and at the corner be a fire station . hoover they have negro firemen there ? 2nd agent we will find that out , sir . hoover well , what 's the plan to get he into the negro motel ? 3rd agent we have prepare editorial that will be place with sympathetic media outlet . a cooperative Senator might even be persuade to read the release into the record . the third agent pass the speech . 88 . hoover let I see it ... " this self - seek rabble rouser ... " as Hoover read the speech , overlap Jeff . CUT back to : int . murtaugh's house -- the present close on a 1968 Memphis newspaper editorial call for King to stay at the lorraine , which Jeff hold in he hand . jeff ( read ) " , ... rabble rouser will not share the squalor of he follower . instead , he will be conduct a lay - in at a posh hotel ... " Jeff set the clipping down . murtaugh we pack the papers with editorial . finally King cancel he reservation at the holiday Inn and book room at the lorraine Motel ... and it be build like a shoot gallery ... jeff Jesus ... murtaugh strange thing be , the King party be originally book on the ground floor in the back ... flashback : ext . lorraine motel - day - april 3 , 1968 a dark - skinned man of East indian appearance walk toward the manager 's office . murtaugh ( v.0 . ) ... the motel owner say that a man come by the office and ask that the King party be move to the second floor , to room 306 . the man knock on the manager 's door . a black woman open the door and listen to the man 's instruction . 89 . murtaugh ( v.0 ) ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) no one connect with sclc know who that man be . CUT back to : int . murtaugh's house - the present Jeff sit quietly . murtaugh that last night , King go to speak at a church . his regular driver , Solomon Jones , drive he . I be on surveillance outside the church . flashback : ext . memphis church -- april 3 , 1968 - - night murtaugh sit in he unmark FBI car . detective redditt sit in he unmark mpd car , across the street . each be conduct surveillance . rain pour down . murtaugh ( v.0 . ) it be pour rain ... from the church come shout of " amen . " thunder . int . church -- april 3 , 1968 -- night - - stock king " ... well , I do not know what will happen now . we have get some difficult day ahead . but it do not matter with I now . because I have be to the mountain top . and I do not mind . like anybody , I would like to live a long life . longevity have its place . but I be not concerned about that now . I just want to do God 's will . and he 's allow I to go up to the mountain . and I have look over . " ext . church - night the heartbreaking last oration of mlk reach out to the street , as do sound of the congregation ... rain and thunder . murtaugh and redditt sit in they separate vehicle . 90 . int . church ( stock ) king ( continue ) " ... and I have see the Promised land . I may not get there with you . but I want you to know tonight , that we , as a people , will get to the Promised land !... " CUT back to : int . murtaugh's house -- the present jeff do Hoover have he kill ? murtaugh he want he dead . I do not know if he order the kill . but I know he do nothing to stop it . ( overwhelm ) they hate he . and they never stop , not even after he be dead . that 's why there be no real investigation . we Security squad be assign by Hoover to destroy King 's legacy , to destroy he widow 's reputation ... jeff would you testify to that ? murtaugh I will say what I know . but if you want all the answer , you will have to subpoena the file . all the file . ext . rooming house - next day the set sun cast erie shadow . Jeff and lawson walk by the embankment just below the room where Grace once live . lawson do he seem credible ? jeff you will never find a better witness than Arthur murtaugh . he have note , a good memory , anda conscience . and he have gut . 91 . the reverend look at he protege , he smile mature into a low laugh . lawson and so do you . Jeff look up at the bathroom window of the rooming house ( the room from which Ray supposedly fire the shot ) . lawson ( continue ) that 's the window where James Earl Ray supposedly perch on a bathtub and shot King . jeff look like a clear shot . lawson it 's a question of tense . jeff what ? lawson it 's a clear shot now . but be it a clear shot on April 4th , 1968 ? int . public library - day Close on a blur of black and white image . the whirring sound of a microfiche machine be evident . the scrolling image slow and finally stop . on jeff bent over the machine . one image have catch he eye : a black and white photograph of the rooming House as view from the lorraine . tree and bush grow on the embankment obscure the sightline from the bathroom . jeff God bless the Associated Press . this image be take March 29 , a week before the shoot . lawson look at that tree . Jeff make some note and focus on a short article , while lawson pour over file . 92 . jeff listen to this . ( he start read ) Press scimitar . Kay pitnam Black . " on the advice of former Mayor Bill Ingram , I go to the rooming house the morning after the assassination . flashback : ext . rooming house - april 5 , 1968 a city maintenance crew be work with mower and chain saw . jeff ( v.0 . ) a city maintenance crew be cut down the bush on the embankment ... " Kay Black be across the street , a notepad in she hand . CUT back to : int . public library - day lawson why would the cop let they destroy a crime scene ? Jeff do not respond . he be reloading the machine and search for something . find it , he turn to lawson . jeff do you ever hear of a reporter for the New York Times name caldwell ? lawson Earl caldwell . there be not many black reporter work for the Times back then . jeff ( read ) " I be stay in room 215 ... flashback : ext . room 215 - lorraine motel - 6 pm - april 4 , 1968 earl caldwell , black , thirtysomething , stand in the doorway of room 215 on the ground level of the lorraine . 93 . he 's enjoy the evening breeze . a explosive SOUND . caldwell be startle . he turn and look across Mulberry Street . jeff ( v.0 . ) . after the shot , I look up to see a white male , dress in coverall in the bush ... caldwell' Pov a area of brush surround the sloping area at the rear of the rooming house . a white male wear coverall be crouch in the bush . there be no gun evident . jeff ( v.0 ) ( continue ) ... a black sedan drive directly in front of I , cut off my view . the man vanish over the embankment . the sedan keep move , back and forth ... caldwell 's line of sight be blurred by a black sedan that pass frantically back and forth in front of the motel . tire squeal . caldwell look at the car , then back to the bush . the man be go . CUT back to : int . public library - day lawson reload the machine . jeff caldwell write the story , but neither the Memphis PD nor the FBI ever question he . lawson my friend , James Orange , see the same thing . they never question he , either . lawson spin the control . Zeroes in on something . lawson ( continue ) look at this . close - up : a black and white image of four man kneel on the balcony , point . 94 . jeff ( v.0 . ) I have see that picture before . on lawson and jeff lawson it be take second after the assassination . notice the guy on the end ? next to Ralph abernathy . his name 's marrell mccollough . jeff never hear of he . lawson I be not surprised . even abernathy do not know who he be . ( Jeff be puzzle ) mccollough lead a group of militant . call themselves " the invader " . after the shoot , word start to leak out that mccollough be really a undercover cop . jeff where be he now ? lawson rumor be he work for the CIA . jeff we need proof , not rumor . where 's the phone ? Jeff get up and start to walk away . lawson follow . on public telephone Jeff cradle the phone to he ear . lawson stand to one side . jeff ( into phone ) Operator , I need the area code for langley , Virginia . ext . CIA headquarters - day establish the sprawling headquarters . 95 . on jeff jeff ( into phone ) marrell mccollough , please . ( he wait ) Mr. mccollough , my name be Jeff Jenkins . I would like to ask you a few question about the King assassination ... click . the phone go dead . but Jeff have the confirmation . lawson he actually answer ? jeff yep . you militant invader be move up in the world . ( sit back ) so , if the shot do not come from the rooming house ... if the man Grace see be just a decoy , if the gun he drop be just a plant ... why do Ray plead guilty ? lawson maybe it 's time we try to talk to he . the SOUND of a W engine come up . ext . petros , tennessee - next day lawson be drive he bug . Gospel music play on he radio . Jeff sit beside he . jeff you think Ray be involved ? Jim , with humor and a kind of preacher 's rhythm , set up a question and response as if for the congregation . lawson let 's see what he could have do . do Ray dismantle the police protection ? I need a witness . jeff no . that be Mr. holloman . lawson say , hallelujah . do Ray see down the tree ? I need a witness . 96 . jeff I can bear witness , brother . no , sir ! lawson say , hallelujah . jeff ( seriously ) do Ray fire the shot ? I needa witness . lawson no way , brother . Ray be a bumbling burglar , not a marksman . if he be part of a plot , it 's not likely he would have be the triggerman . jeff but Ray would be a perfect fallguy . lawson say amen , brother . jeff amen . lawson's Pov the brushy Mountain penitentiary entrance Gate just ahead . int . prison conference room - - day there be a steel table with four chair . there be bar on the window and the light spill through in pattern . jame earl ray be seat at the table . he be now almost fifty year old . he speak in a soft twang . Jeff be focus on Ray through a video camera . lawson have file in front of he . jeff Mr. Ray , why do you plead guilty , if you now say you be innocent ? ray I have to . but I tell the judge that I would not agree that there be no conspiracy . lawson why do you have to plead guilty ? 97 . ray do you ever see the cell in Memphis , where they keep I for eight month ? flashback : int . specially constructed cell -- jame earl ray' Pov the cell be brightly light , paint stark white . two guard be station outside the cell . Television camera be focus on Ray and be monitor in a control room by two other guard . bank of hot light focus on he . intercut -- control room and cell ray ( v.0 . ) eight month . they never turn out the light . Day or night . one of the guard , he have a nervous breakdown . I think it be go to kill I ... intercut Ray suffer in jail cell , 1968 ; and on the monitor . ray ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) one day , this big -shot lawyer come in . he be so full of himself , he could strut sittin ' down . int . ray' cell - - 1968 percy foreman , the famous Texas defense lawyer , talk to Ray . foreman you know I ? ray no. foreman I be percy Foreman . without doubt the best and most famous damn criminal lawyer in the whole USA . and I be here to tell you that free lawyer you get ... they be sell you out , son . ray I hear what you say . do not mean I believe it . 98 . foreman I can save you , boy . I have so much money , I do not need you to pay I nothing . I have defend seven hundred capital case and every one of they be still walk around , and I mean outside , free . well , except one , but he be a fool and do not follow my advice . ray what 's you advice ? on monitor foreman you fire that clown and I guarantee you will walk out of here a free man . CUT back to : int . ray' cell -- the present shadows of bar fall across Ray , lawson and Jeff . ray after I tell the judge that Foreman be my lawyer , he warn I that I could not ever change lawyer again . I say , " Fine . I get the best lawyer in America . " then Foreman come into my cell -- flashback : int . ray' cell -- 1968 -- and on the monitor foreman if you do not plead guilty , you be go to the Tennessee dance hall , boy , and that 's the e-lectric chair . they will fry you . ray I do not do nothing . just buy a gun for a friend . that 's why my print be on it . foreman what 's that get to do with the price of beer ? 99 . ray I want a trial . my old lawyer say I could win at trial . foreman I do not want to have to do this , but there 's someone here to see you . the Guards watch the scene on the monitor as a FBI agent enter . foreman ( continue ) this here be a FBI man . show he you i.d . the agent do . agent you father 's a real old man , be not he ? ray yes , sir . agent and he escape from the penitentiary in Fort madison , Iowa , in 1921 , do not he ? Ray freeze . the agent pull out document . Foreman light a cigar . agent ( continue ) we find out where he 's hide . you do not cooperate with you attorney - - we be go to send you daddy back to prison -- and let he die behind bar . here 's the warrant . read it . Foreman spit on the floor . Ray 's head drop . foreman if you say you do not kill King , you be go to get a jolt a' Edison medicine . and you daddy will rot in the process . you let I plead the case , and they will let you live . Ray be exhaust . he rub he eye in the blind light . CUT back to : 100 . int . ray' cell -- the present lawson so , you plead guilty ? ray I be confuse from no sleep , bein ' in that white cell for month , so yeah , I confess . that night they put I in a regular cell . I get my first night 's sleep in eight month . I wake up and know I would make a mistake . ask for a new trial . and that be eight year ago . silence , except for dim prison sound and a far-off bell . lawson why be you in Memphis on April ray I have break out from the penitentiary in jefferson City , Missouri , so I need money . I never have be convict of any crime of violence , I never even hit anyone in my whole life . flashback : montage : ray' saga -- 1968 country and western music over entire sequence . ray ( v.o ) I know I would have to engage in some criminal stuff to survive , but I be not go to do nothing violent . int . bar a man ( " raoul " ) approach Ray at the bar . man how about a drink -- James ? Ray jump -- how do this stranger know he name ? Ray be white with fear . ( we have see this stranger before : in the Grace walden memory sequence . ) ext . used 101 . ray ( v.0 . ) like it be a miracle , " raoul " show up . jeff ( v.0 . ) who be he ? what be he last name ? ray ( v.0 . ) I do not even know he first name , he just say " raoul . " he say he have a job for I . car lot - - day ray ( v.0 . ) I go with raoul to a car dealership . he buy I a car everything be cash money . raoul peel off bill , he and Ray buy a new white mustang . ext . gun store - - day raoul and Ray drive up in the white mustang . ray ( v.0 . ) he have a deal to sell rifle to some guy in Latin America . he need a sample gun to show . but I get the wrong gun . he make I go back . raoul shout at Ray behind close car window . they get out of the car . raoul stalk away and get into another car . int . gun store - - day the clerk ray ( to clerk ) yes sir , my boss say this be the wrong kind . shoulda ask for ... ( read from a scrap of paper ) uh , a 30.06 caliber , remington model 760 . suspiciously eye a insecure Ray . ext . highway Ray drive alone toward Memphis in he white mustang . 102 . ray ( v.o ) I give raoul the gun . he then tell I to rent a room in Memphis . gave I the name of the flophouse . int . rooming house -- april 4 , 1968 -- 5:00 p.m. raoul pass Charlie stephen ( drunk ) on the stair of the rooming house , and head into int . ray' room Ray sit read a newspaper . the gun be on the bed . he look up at raoul . ( SOUND of Charlie yelling at Grace , o.s . ) raoul the buyer will be here in a hour . go take a walk . be back at six . leave the car and the rifle here . Ray be worried . something be wrong . he leave . ext . gas station Ray fill the mustang . he be jumpy , smell trouble . ray ( v.0 . ) I start to take a walk but then I remember that there be not hardly any gas in the car . I know that when raoul finish the gun deal he would want to drive right out . ext . rooming house ray ( v.0 . ) but when I get back ... the mustang approach , Ray at the wheel . he suddenly react to something . ray' p.o.v . siren , pandemonium , police . back to ray he spin the car around and speed away . CUT back to : 103 . int . ray' cell -- the present jeff do you ever think what would have happen if you have just go for a walk ? ray I think about it a lot . I would have walk back into the rooming house right after the shot be fire -- raoul and the car would have be go and they would have arrest I on the spot . jeff if you do not do anything -- why do you run ? ray I be a fugitive -- I owed time to Missouri . if they even get I for a parking ticket , I would probably spend the rest of my life in jail . lawson you remember what raoul look like ? ray that man be cut in my memory . ai not never gonna forget he . jeff be he about fifty - short , wiry - point chin and a point nose ? ray ( take aback ) now , how do you know all that ? jeff do he look anything like any of this three man ? Jeff reach into he briefcase and pull out three identikit drawing . he hand they to Ray . Ray look at all three and push two of they aside . he pick one and study it . ray I think this be he . at least , it sure favor he . where would you get it ? 104 . jeff from a woman -- name Grace walden . ray ( beat ) who 's Grace walden ? int . church rectory - - afternoon close on Grace , animated , talk on the telephone . grace well , she will not let I stop eat . ( beat ) alright then . Goodbye now . Grace hang up , smile . widen to reveal sister ione and willy have lunch with Grace . one of the sanitation worker stand in the b.g . grace ( continue ; to ione ) that be Jeff , check on I and hope we would save he some pecan pie . ione smile , proud . int . lawson's office - - afternoon Jeff hang up the phone . lawson and Jeff be work . the bulletin board be now cover with note and card . jeff we get plenty of witness , but we need more hard evidence . lawson either way , we gotta go with what we get ... Sprague 's not go to wait around forever . the door open and Katy appear . both man sit in silence look at she . she be hold a file . jeff Katy ... lawson come in , sit down . 105 . katy I have be think about what you say , reverend ... and you be right . I want to apologize . lawson there 's no need . katy I realize that the more thing I want , the more thing I be willing to compromise . ( a beat ) I locate the police record on the assassination . the entire file be store in the Municipal Building on maple . jeff we can get Sprague to subpoena that file . they will corroborate everything that redditt and newsum tell we . that file be a gold mine . lawson be we look at a new recruit here ? katy you be look at temporary help . it seem I be between job at the moment . ext . church - - afternoon choir practice be over . the child be walk into the parking lot . Jeff and Katy exit the church and begin walk toward they car . katy so , how 's Grace ? jeff happy and put on weight . speak of which ... I be starve . you eat ? they move across the street . the child be milling around and we see a truck in the b.g. move slowly . begin slow motion sequence - day 106 . everything crank painfully slow ... the truck move toward they . we see the child laugh , walk . the truck be even with Jeff and Katy when a grenade fly out of the window and land on the pavement . angle - jeff and katy - slo mo he spot the grenade . Jeff throw Katy down and dive on top of she . tick - tick - tick - play the tension . several long beat . intercut - grenade and child then Jeff get to he foot . resume - regular speed he move to the grenade and kick it with he toe . then reach down and pick it up . jeff' Pov - the grenade it say : g.i. joe move in - on jeff jeff ( continue ) a damn toy . Jeff hurl it to the ground . int . jenkins estate - night the door bang open and Jeff stride into the house and upstairs to he old bedroom . harold be at the far end of the foyer , dusting . he look up , alarmed . int . jenkins estate - den Lucas be read . he hear the commotion and get up . int . jenkins estate - bedroom - night Close on a drawer as Jeff rummages through it . he grab a old pistol and slam a clip into the revolver . wide to reveal the environ of he old room . he exit the room . 107 . int . jenkins estate - hallway - night Jeff head down the hall but stop suddenly . he see he father approach . Lucas stare at the gun in Jeff 's hand . luca what the devil be you do ? Jeff start down the stair and Lucas follow . luca ( continue ) stop . I need to speak to you . whatta ' you do ? Jeff have reach the downstairs landing . jeff non-violenq@ ore ja great concept , but I be not signing up for it yet Jeff start to leave . luca stop . we need to talk . jeff why now ? branson lean on you ? luca that 's crazy . jeff why do you and you friend offer the money to bribe Charlie stephen -- to lie ? and why do you bury Grace in that hell hole ? luca I do not . jeff you be part of it !... why ?! luca I do not know ! jeff you do not want to know ! luca I love Martin King . he 's a page in a history book to you . 108 . luca ( cont 'd ) I be he lawyer here , he friend . I be he friend when it could cost you you life to even walk down the street with he . jeff you know that the government kill you " friend " . and that you help to cover it up . and you be still do it ! you and branson and the judge -- luca when Martin die that night , the city go up in flame . the whole country be burn ... President Johnson ask I to personally reassure Mrs. King that the Department ( oorh ) stice would " leave no stone unturned " . jeff ( sarcastic ) they sure do a helluva job . luca we could not bring he back . all we have leave be the memory . and they make it plain that could be take away , too . they have evidence against he . the FBI show it to I ! that son - of - bitch ! jeff show you what ? Lucas shake he head and turn away . jeff ( continue ) they play a dirty tape for you . do not they ? Lucas look up at Jeff , amaze . luca it be different ten year ago . Jeff ... you can not imagine how powerful Hoover be . he be the secret police -- for fifty year ! no one could stand up to Hoover . no one . ( drop he voice ) 109 . luca ( cont 'd ) I try to tell Martin , I begge he not to mix the politics of Vietnam with Civil rights . but he would not listen . and when he try to change the economic system - it be all over . Jeff lean in ; they be face - to- face , eye - to -eye . jeff no . you would not listen . King have already decide to go public on the question of he " marital infidelity . " luca you know that ? jeff I have hear the FBI tape . ( more ) Lucas 's head drop . Jeff move in for the moment of truth he voice hoarse and charge , he breathe short . jeff ( continue ) do not you see what you have do ? you cover up Hoover 's crime -- not King 's ! Jeff move down the stair , where harold open the door for he . he have hear the entire thing . the two man lock eye . harold you be real careful out there , Mr. Jeff . Real careful . int . jeff' law office - - day Jeff be fill a briefcase with file . the SOUND of the door open . Jeff turn to see branson in the doorway . branson there 's a rumor that there will be a announcement from Washington , that Congress will form a Select Committee to investigate the Kennedy and King murder . jeff I be aware of that . branson we understand that miz walden may be call as a witness . 110 . branson ( cont 'd ) we firm take the position that any information you have gather from miz walden belong to we . it be privileged . jeff the privilege run to the client . it 's really up to Grace . branson that old lady ' 1l do what you tell she ! Jeff start to leave . branson ( continue ) have you think this out ? I can destroy you . I own you . jeff you see , that 's where you be wrong , Bill . you do not own I . you gotta bring some ass to kick some ass . Jeff walk out . he walk down the corridor , past clay Morgan who have hear it all . jeff ( continue ) he shoot . he score . int . branson's office - - day he move into the room and pick up the phone and dial . branson lemme talk to he . intercut - n.d. office -- day the backlit man pick up the phone . backlit man yes . branson he would not listen . ext . STREET - outside lorraine motel - - day Jeff be move along the lower sidewalk in front of the Motel . 111 . lawson's voice up here ... Jeff look up and see lawson and Katy . he hurry up the stair and stop in front of the room where King be shot . jeff this be King 's room , be not it ? lawson yes. ( point across the street ) and there 's the rooming house . and the embankment . and the fire station . it all happen right here ... flashback : black and white footage a tightly edit , chronological reprise detail everything that have be discover about the event . lawson ... it start when the FBI force King out of the rivermont , get he to move to the lorraine . jeff ( v.0 . ) then the unknown man get the room change from the ground floor ... lawson ( v.0 ) the black cop and th.e black firemen be order out of the area . jeff ( v.0 . ) Ray say he get in the mustang and leave the area . lawson ( v.0 . ) Charlie stephen , the government 's eyewitness , be outside take a leak and see nothing . back to : ext . lorraine motel - dusk - present Katy look at Jeff and lawson . a car door slam shut . Jeff and lawson look down . 112 . there Pov a fifty year old black man , solomon jone , stand by a old black town car . jeff ( to lawson ) who 's that ? lawson you remember caldwell 's story ... the black sedan that be drive back and forth . that 's Solomon jones. ( call out ) brother Solomon . thanks for come . ( more ) jeff ( to lawson ) Jim , how would you find he ? lawson I have know Solomon for year . he be Martin 's driver . ( to Solomon ) brother Solomon , could you stand where you be that afternoon . Solomon walk to a spot about twenty yard away . lawson ( continue ) so , Dr. King be stand right about here , where I be ? solomon that 's right . and I be stand by the car , wait to take he to dinner at reverend Kyle 's . flashback : ext . lorraine motel - day - april 4 , 1968 Jones be lean against the black sedan . solomon ( v.0 . ) Dr. King , he lean over the railing and ask Ben branch if later on , he would play he favorite hymn . 113 . solomon ( cont 'd ) ( start to sing ) precious Lord , take my hand ... the hymn continue over . King be only see in silhouette as he come out of the door of he lorraine Motel room . Solomon Jones look up and see he . start to get into the car . solomon v.o. ( continue ) I go to get into the car so I could pull it up . angle up to the minister on the balcony , talk . solomon v.o. ( continue ) and that 's when I hear the shot . in black and white , King turn and a shot ring out . the body pass through the frame . tight on king be hand bloody . it land on the deck , convulse once and lie still . CUT back to : ext . lorraine motel - present Jeff check he note , stand there , lose in the moment . lawson ok , Jeff , run it down from there . jeff the reporter from the New York Times look out and see a white man dress in coverall , in the hedge beside the rooming House . flashback : ext . lorraine motel - day - april 4 , 1968 a white man in coverall be crouch in the bush . jeff ( v.0 . ) caldwell see a puff of smoke . then a man in coverall jump over the wall . the man in coverall jump over the wall , start to flee . the black sedan swerve back and forth try to pursue . 114 . solomon ( v.0 . ) I see he too . I try to follow he , I really do . I really try . I be hemmed in . back to : ext . lorraine motel - present lawson be that what you tell the FBI ? solomon that 's just it , they never talk to I . reverend Orange , he see the same thing and they never talk to he either . seem they already have they eyewitness . flashback : ext . lorraine motel - black and white - april 4 , 1968 the chaos just after the shoot . in the parking lot a cop run toward the balcony . he look up , seem to know one of the man stand over King . cop the shot ! where do it come from ? solomon ( v.0 . ) the guy on the end of the balcony , he point . but not to the embankment . he point to the rooming house . abernathy and the other see he , and then they do the same thing . mccollough point to the rooming House above the hedge . the other reverend point there also . angle on solomon he be panicked . he see the white man in the coverall jump over the wall below - clearly not where they be point . solomon ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) I see the man jump off the embankment . I jump in my car . I try ... 115 . Solomon jump into he car and try to drive after the man but can not get the car turn around . back to : ext . lorraine motel - present lawson , Jeff and Katy be look at Solomon , who have tear in he eye . lawson Solomon , that guy on the balcony , he name be marrell mccollough . he be a undercover cop . katy the key witness be on the government 's payroll ? jeff still be . ( check he note ) meanwhile , Grace be in she room across the street . flashback : int . / ext . rooming house - april 4 , 1968 Grace see a man run past the door of she room carry something . the man head outside , drop the gun . flee . jeff ( v.0 . ) a man flee down the hall and out of the building . a few minute later the cop conveniently find a rifle with Ray 's fingerprint leave in broad daylight . a cop reach down and pick up the bundle . lawson ( v.0 . ) the weapon be never link to the death slug . reprise image of the autopsy photo and the bullet in piece . jeff ( v.o. ) the next morning , the City purposely alter the crime scene . reprise image of the tree be cut down . 116 . katy ( v.0 . ) and , later on that summer , they come back for Grace . reprise image of Grace be take from she room . jeff ( v.0 . ) they kick down the door to she room and drag she away . lock she up for eight year . ( a beat ) and that 's where this whole thing begin for I . hard CUT to : int . sprague' HOTEL room - night tight on Sprague . he be just finish go through the file . Jeff , lawson and Katy wait as he look up . sprague pretty damn impressive . you can officially tell fauntroy , the Committee have a special counsel . lawson exhales . it 's be a long road . jeff okay . what about Grace walden ? sprague you can tell she she 's a free woman . she do not have to hide from anyone . you have my word . lawson what about the Memphis PD file that Katy find ? sprague I be go to file a subpoena for that . you pick ‘em up , bring them with you to D.C. I be also go to file a subpoena demand the production of all relevant document from the FBI , the CIA and Army Intelligence . ( a smile ) we be go to war . Jeff and lawson brace . this be it . 117 . ext . CITY police build - establishing - day a brick building in Memphis . int . upstair record desk - day a mild look man name bart appear flustered . lawson , Jeff and Katy stand across from he . Jeff wave a subpoena . jeff look , I have get a court subpoena . we want to see all King file . katy we be tell we could pick they up from you at nine a.m . it 's ten o'clock . the phone ring . Bart pick it up . listen : bart okay ... okay ... ( hang up ) we be clear . they be in the old section . follow I . he lead they down the hall . int . file room - day tracking to a file case . Bart kneel down . Three file drawer be miss from the cabinet . bart Son of a bitch . lawson what ? bart the King stuff ... it 's all miss . then we hear a commotion outside and someone yell . voice ( 0.s. ) FIRE ! we gotta a fire out back ! lawson move to the window and look out . lawson be Pov - the alley two storey below . two cop be stoke a dumpster fire . 118 . lawson my lord ! he turn and run . Jeff and Katy do the same . close shot - staircase Jeff run down the hall , grab a fire extinguisher off the wall . lawson and Katy be close behind . ext hallway - day Jeff explode out into the alley . the cop grab he and keep he at bay as the trash bin blaze away . lawson and Katy arrive . they stop . push in on lawson through the flame as he watch the record burn . panning up to - another build across the STREET push in to a window with venetian blind . the backlit man be stand there , the reflection of the fire flicker in the lense of he glass . CUT to : int . church rectory - day Jeff and Katy be with Grace . Katy smile as Grace gratefully hug Jeff . grace my , my ... a lawyer who keep he word . ( wiping she eye ) better not let anything happen to you in Washington . katy ( to Grace ) I will be here if there 's anything you need . grace Jeff ... if you want I to come there ... to testify ... I can . I will tell the truth . jeff you always tell the truth , Grace , when everybody lie -- everybody . you be the conscience of this country . 119 . grace you talk like that -- they be go to call you crazy , too . Jeff do not know whether to laugh or cry . he hug Grace in a mighty embrace . the SOUND of jet engine can be hear . dissolve to : ext . national airport - day a 737 approach the runway and touch down . ext . congressional office build -- WASHINGTON - - day lawson and Jeff run up the step , carry two large folder of evidence . a guard follow they , then another guard trot up to help the first , ( miwm ) a third guard dog they heel . int . build Jeff and lawson walk down a hallway . they be lose in the maze of corridor . lawson approach a black security guard . lawson brother , could you point we to Mr. Sprague 's office ? the Guard indicate the way . another hallway Jeff and lawson round a corner and head for Sprague 's office . they get to the door mark : richard sprague . sprague ( v.0 . ) get you hand off of I . lawson look to Jeff with concern . they enter int . sprague' DC office lawson and Jeff enter to see Sprague be forcibly eject from he office by two agent . one agent be clark nelson . sprague you have absolutely no right to invade my office , damn it . agent nelson it 's the government 's office . my order be to seal the office . 120 . agent nelson ( cont 'd ) you have a problem with that , take it to the Attorney General . sprague ( to Nelson ) be I free to go ? agent nelson as far as I be concerned , you be already go . int . marble corridor - day Jeff and lawson walk with a furious Sprague . sprague guess you do not read the big city papers . the New York Times and the Washington Post run editorial demand that I be fire . then Congress refuse to fund the investigation . jeff on what grounds ? sprague the FBI demand the right to screen my staff . lawson and you say no ? sprague I say hell no ! I also mention that the FBI be a suspect in the cover -up . jeff but you have subpoena power . sprague so I be tell . but someone forget to tell the FBI . they pause . every passerby suddenly seem to be suspicious . jeff be it over ? 121 . sprague not quite . my last official act be to arrange for a key witness to testify on Monday , at the first public session . lawson they can stop it or change it . sprague no , they can not -- because the witness 's name have already be publish . jeff who be it ? sprague you . ( Jeff react ) under the circumstance , I do not recommend you show up . ext . reflecting pool , WASHINGTON d.c . - - afternoon lawson and Jeff stroll along the site of mlk 's famous demonstration . lawson I be sorry . I be wrong . the time have not change . Hoover die , but he ghost be still here . jeff you do not say it would be easy . lawson if they can kick Sprague out , if they can burn file and turn down subpoena ... the whole thing will just be a puppet show . the FBI will be investigate the FBI . ( a beat ) Jeff , I ask Martin to come to Memphis . I often wonder what it would be like if he be still with we . I do not want to wonder that about you ... jeff if the truth do not come out , the tragedy 's just go to be repeat . 122 . lawson be move by Jeff 's transformation . lawson I pray I have do the right thing . jeff you do the only thing . what 's that part -- from Genesis you have I read ? you know -- " and when they , uh , come , uh -- " lawson turn away , not want to recall the prophetic image of the story of Joseph . jeff ( continue ) you know it . lawson " and when they see he far off , even before he come near , they conspire to slay he . and they say one to another , behold this dreamer . come now and let we slay he , and cast he into the pit and we will say , some evil beast have devoure he : and we shall see what will become of he dream . " Jeff look at lawson who gaze off at the empty step lead to the lincoln monument . Light glint of the reflect pool . tight on lawson deep in think , back with Martin again . martin luther king ( v.0 ) I have a dream ... subliminal CUT : newsreel footage - black and white - august 28 , 1963 King be speak on the step of the lincoln monument . 123 . martin luther king ... that my four child will one day live in a nation where they will not be judge by the color of they skin but by the content of they character . I have a dream today ! CUT back to : ext . reflecting pool - sunset lawson and Jeff be lose in think . the cacophonous SOUND of reporter yell question begin to rise under . ext . step of the house office build - - day the next day , score of reporter be assemble up and down the step . there be Television crews , a number of Radio Reporters with tape recorder and a number of print media Reporters . they shout and cackle as if it be a hang . jeff and lawson approach the step and begin to climb . they be surround by the reporter , who question they belligerently lawson and Jeff struggle up the step without respond to the question and taunt . they path be block by the turmoil of Reporters who jostle for position , overlap each other 1st reporter ( to lawson ) Dr. King be you close friend . be this just a vendetta ? do you still believe in non-violence ? 2nd reporter ( overlap ; to Jeff ) who 's pay you ? Ray ple guilty . what 's there to argue ? Jeff be push and pull -- he shove back . lawson simply absorb the blow . 1st reporter ( to lawson ) be you help James Earl Ray ? 3rd reporter ( to Jeff ) be you gonna write a book ? why be you fire by you firm ? 124 . 1st reporter why 's you father here ? be he go to testify against you ? Jeff freeze . so do lawson . Jeff slowly turn to face the mob . as he do he be staggered to see a solitary figure at the top of the step , stare down . jeff' p.o.v . Lucas Jenkins stand solemnly at the top of the step . on jeff reacting . then he and lawson climb up the step . lucas' p.o.v . Jeff 's eye be rivete on he father . have he come to testify against he ? step by step , Jeff and lawson keep climb -- the Reporters parting before he -- until they stand only one step below Lucas . reporter # 3 the special counsel have already be dismiss . what can you possibly have to offer ? luca ( to the Press ) address you question to I . reporter ( to Lucas ) who be you ? luca ( a long pause ) I be Mr. Jeffrey Jenkins ' attorney . jeff I do not need you to defend I . luca no defense . we be go to press for the truth . lawson good to see you , Lucas . 125 . luca good to be see . lawson , Jeff and Lucas make eye contact . jeff ( break the moment ) gentlemen -- we have some work that need to be do . leave the media circus behind , Lucas , Jeff , and reverend lawson turn , mount the final step , and enter the House Office Building . theme rising -- begin crawl the House Select Committee on assassination meet from January to June of 1978 , and interview 4,924 witness . the Committee find that " there be no evidence of complicity of the FBI , CIA or any government Agency in the assassination of Dr. King . " the Committee then seal , for fifty year , all the investigative file . the Congress call upon the Department of justice to conduct a thorough investigation into the crime and to inform the american people of its finding . the Department of justice have , to this date , do nothing . crawl end - screen be black from out of the black screen , a voice emerge , then a face . it be Martin luther King , deliver the now famous Montgomery , Alabama speech ( stock ) martin luther king " how long ? not long ! because no lie can live forever ! how long ? not long ! because truth crush to earth will rise again ! " the image freeze and slowly dissolves . the end