sleepaway camp III " teenage wasteland " written by : fritz Gordon property of double helix film , Inc . do not duplicate or disseminate without permission 9/9 draft @copywrite 1987 double helix film , Inc . revision 10/3/87 fade up : ext . a grimy residential STREET , new york CITY - early morning desert except for a few sleeping bum . favor a apartment flat . int . maria' bedroom - continuous the camera angle up the body of maria , asleep in bed , lie on top of she sheet . Maria , a 17 year - old italian with bleach blonde hair , wear a oversize t-shirt that cling to she exquisite body . sfx : the buz of a clock radio followed by a hard rock song playing full blast on the radio . Maria slap the buzzer off , get out of bed and cross to she bedroom window . tire female voice ( yell , bronx italian ) Maria ! turn that radio down ! Maria ignore the voice . with she back to the camera , Maria face the windw and pull off she t-shirt . she turn she head to the door . maria ( yell ) today 's the day I go to camp ! during the follow dialogue , Maria cross to she dresser and pull out a pair of short , cross to the closet and get a t-shirt then check under hthe bed for she shoe . during all she action , the camera follows behind her , make sure that at no time do we see Maria 's chest . maria ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) ma! ya hear I ? I be goin ' to that camp today . tire female voice ( yell ) yeah I hear ya . whaddya want I to do about it ? maria be not ya gonna walk I to the bus or anything ? tire female voice ( yell ) at 6:30 in the fucken ' mornin ' ? walk yourself . and turn down that noise ! tire male voice ( yell ) hey . shuddup . tire female voice ( yell ) no . _ you_ shuddup . maria ( yell ) you _both_ shuddup ! I be goin ' to camp , and I may never come back ! female and male voice ( yell in unison ) good ! Maria turn angrily to the door . as she do , we get a quick view of she bare chest . Maria 's right breast have be tattooe with the word " milk . " her leave have be tattooe with the word " shake . " maria fuck you ! ext . grimy residential STREET - early morning Maria , in tight short and a cut - off " I love new york " t-shirt , walk down the desert street . she carry a batter duffel bag and sleep bag . in the b.g. a black dump truck appear . Maria pay no attention to it . the dump truck , gain speed , roar ahead . only the outline of the driver can be see . hearing , Maria turn to look . the truck run over the street 's curb onto the sidewalk . maria what the hell - the truck head straight towards Maria . maria shit ! Maria run . the truck follow . Maria , panicked , turn into a alley . ext . alley - continuous Maria run down the alley as the truck turn in and follow . Maria run to the end of the alley . a dead end . Maria scream . the truck roar at she , full speed . new angle the truck smashes she into the brick wall . ext . CITY STREET - morning angle on the dump truck park on the street , lift up a dumpster . angle on maria' body in the dumpster . the body get dumped into the trash - fill truck . angle on angela baker it have be a year since we have last see she . Angela , now 21 , get out of the garbage truck and run across the street toa city bus pick up passengers . dress in jeans and a clean , new " I love new york " t-shirt , she carry a small pink suitcase and a pink sleep bag . her hair have be cut and dyed blonde , similar to Maria 's . just before she board the bus , she turn and look at the garbage truck . angle on maria' body be compact with the garbage . screen black fade up : title and credit dissolve to : ext . camp new horizon - day formally know as Camp Rolling Hills . upperstate New york. September . angle on tawny richard a pretty woman in she mid 30' , smile directly into the camera . tawny wear a expensive , coordinate outfit . she hold a microphone with a wmgh logo . tawny hi. I be tawny Richards with the wmgh newsteam . we be at Camp New horizon , where a autumn retreat call " a experiment in share " be about to begin . let 's meet the owner of the camp , herman and lilly miranda . new angle tawny and she assorted television crew cross to herman and lilly miranda , who stand beneath a large banner say " a experiment in share - camp new horizon . " lilly , short and somewhat plump , be in she mid 40' . herman , about two inch short than lilly , seem a few year older . both wear Camp New horizon t-shirt . herman also sport tight jeans , boot , and a belt with a large playboy insignia on the buckle . lilly wear flowery short and sandal . on either side of herman and lilly stand two group of teenager , who we will meet in a moment . the first group look very affluent ; the other group look poor and streetwise . Angela , with the latter group , stand a bit off to the side of they . she be dress as we see she this morning . herman give he best smile to tawny as lilly stare into the wmgh camera . tawny ( cont 'd ) herman , tell we about this wonderfully unique program . herman well , tawny , we have brung together two specially choose group of teens from all over America . one group come from upper class home while the other come from we low class establishment . tawny lilly , what do you wish to accomplish ? lilly in we own little way we would like to promote harmony , peace , love , share , and a better understanding between the rich and poor . tawny that 's wonderful . let 's meet the kid . cindy , a beautiful 17 year - old brunetter dress in Ralph lauren casual , step forward . her Southern accent could melt butter . cindy hi , y'all . I be Cindy hammersmith from peachtree , Georgia . next be greg , a friendly - look 17 year - old japanese boy , dress in beach short and a Hawaiian shirt . greg greg nakashima . westwood , California . tawny turn to jan , a exotic-looking Hispanic 16 year - old dress in a expensive khaki outfit that show off she beautiful body . jan Jan hernandez . Palm View , Arizona . peter , a pudgy black 14 year - old dress in a polo shirt and plaid short , be next . peter Peter doyle . Houston Heights , Texas . tawny turn to bobby , a white 15 year - old dress in a yellow button - down short - sleeve shirt and bright green green golf short . he grin broadly . bobby Bobby Stark . western Springs , Illinois . Home of the western Springs wildcat ! last , but not least , be marcia , a pretty blonde 16 year - old dress in a colorful t-shirt and short . her slight nervousness make she all the more appeal . marsha Marsha Holland . defiance , Ohio . tawny cross over to the other group . tawny and let 's see who we have over here - she turn to arab a gorgeous 17 year - old asian female wear black leather biker gear . arab arab . San Francisco . tawny do you have a last name , arab ? arab give she a dark look . arab no . tawny do not push it . tawny okay . tawny move to snowboy , a thin 16 year old white male wear tear blue jeans , a grateful Dead t-shirt , and a " foreign legion " hat . he also sport a tattoo of a skull on he bicep . snowboy snowboy . Chicago . next be anita , a pretty yet tough black 16 year - old dress in old jeans and a wear plaid workshift . anita anita burcham . sawtelle gap , kentucky . tawny turn to riff , a muscular black 17 year - old male dress in jeans and a muscle t-shirt . riff riff. Detroit . tony , a handsome , well - build 17 year - old Hispanic dress in jeans and a white t-shirt be next . tony tony deherrara . East L.A. tawny then turn to Angela , who have be admire tony . tawny and what 's you name , honey ? angela Maria . Maria nicastro . tawny and where be you from , Maria ? angela all over . right now New York . tawny study Angela a moment , then turn and smile into the wmgh camera . tawny wonderful . what great kid . angle on marcia and cindy stand next to each other . marcia ( whisper ) that tony 's cute . Cindy give she a look . cindy he 's _ mexican . marcia try not to react to Cindy 's comment . angle on tawny she suddenly become quite serious as she look into the wmgh camera . tawny ironically , Camp New horizon be formerly know as Camp Rolling Hills , where last year nineteen people be brutally slain by alleged psychopath Angela Baker . Baker , know as the " angel of death , " be also allegedly responsible for another string of grisly murder seven year ago at nearby Camp arawak , which have since close down . lilly pop she head in . lilly but thing have change here ! we be under new ownership ! tawny throw lilly a look , then turn to she crew . tawny stop tape . we be outta here . tawny cross over to the SOUND man and give he the microphone . lilly , worried , follow behind she . lilly I think we agree you would not talk about that murder . tawny you gotta give the people what they want . violence sell . ( to the crew ) see you Monday morning , boy . turn , she spot Angela . tawny you look a little older than the other . angela massive drug . tawny look around a moment to make sure no one be listen . tawny ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) speak of - do you know where I could get some coke ? I need about a half a gram . it 's be a shit of a day - know what I mean ? Angela react . then : angela ( cont 'd ) I will be right back . int . kitchen - day angle on a kitchen drawer be pulled OPEN . Inside be a box of plastic sandwhich bag alongside roll of aluminum foil and plastic wrap . Angela 's hand snatch a baggie . int . dine hall bathroom - day angle on generic toilet BOWL cleaner on a wooden shelf fill with other bathroom product . Angela 's hand grab the cleaner . new angle as Angela pour some of the cleaner into the baggie . angela one of the many danger of be a drug addict be never really know if the stuff be pure . ext . camp new horizon - day Angela and tawny stand near to tawny 's porsche . Angela hold up the fill baggie . tawny , nervous , quickly grab it . tawny ( cont 'd ) this be way too much . angela it 's a gift . you be my favorite newscaster . tawny good stuff ? angela ( nodd ) it will really clean you pipe . tawny climb into the porsche . tawny ( sarcastically ) happy camp ! angela thanks . have a good life . the porsche roar to life . angela ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) what 's leave of it . ext . country road - day angle on tawny's porsche speed down the road . angle on tawny look into the rear-view mirror . she smile . no one around . angle on the porsche as it turn on to a unpave forest road . angle on tawny as she park the car several yeard from the main road . she dump the content of the baggie into a large pile on she dashboard . she then take a small straw out of she coat pocket . tawny ready or not , here I come ! she let out a deep breath , position the straw , and snort the majority of the white powder up she nose . tawny instantly react . she cough . gag . tries to blow it out of she nose . the only thing that come out be blood . tawny open she mouth . a bubbling , bloody substance eat away at it . she lean over the side of the car and retch . then vomit a massive amount of blood , part of she esophagus and stomach lining . but it 's soon over . slump over the side of the porsche , she die . ext . dine hall - day angle on angela scream . new angle a string of firecracker explode at she foot . she look up to see Peter watch and giggling as he run inside the dining hall , dodging the other camper who file inside . herman ( to Angela ) it 's just a firecracker . ( laugh ) you city brat should be use to thing like that ! Angela try to calm down . int . dine hall - day the dining hall , like the rest of the camp , seem neglect . several of the fold chair be stack against the wall . some of the table have also be stack up . the bare wall and dusty window add to the gloom . lilly greet the camper as they enter and asks they to take a seat . almost everyone take a table for themselves . Marsha approach tony 's table . marcia can I sit here ? tony it 's not my table . Marsha smile and sit down a few seat away from tony . tony study she a moment , then turn away . Bobby cross to a table occupy by arab . he give she a toothy grin . she ignore he . bobby hi! Bobby Stark . mind if I sit with you ? arab Drop dead , fag . Bobby cross to a table occupy by riff . next to riff a ghetto blaster plays a rap song . bobby hi! Bobby Stark . Bobby point to a nearby seat . bobby ( cont 'd ) this seat take ? riff pull out a switchblade , pop it open and fling it . insert : the knife imbed itself in the middle of the seat . angle on bobby smile and back away . bobby cool , man . no sweat , man . Bobby cross to Angela 's table . bobby ( cont 'd ) hi. Bobby Stark . want some company ? Angela smile . angela sure . bobby ( a little surprised ) cool . he sit down . bobby ( cont 'd ) you name 's Maria nicastro , right ? angela how would you remember ? bobby I be great with name . that 's how I get to be senior class President of my high school ! angela that 's nice . Bobby give she another of he famous grin . bobby so you be underprivileged , huh ? Angela react . angle on lilly clapping her hand to get everyone 's attention . lilly okay , everybody ! it 's time to get start ! she turn to riff and point to he portable beat box . lilly ( cont 'd ) do you think you could turn that off ? riff give she a icy stare . lilly ( cont 'd ) please ? riff stare a moment longer , then turn off the music . lilly ( cont 'd ) thanks . herman 's go to hand out camp t-shirt for everyone to wear . that way we will all look the same and we will not feel different . action let out a small laugh . herman start hand out the shirt . lilly ( cont 'd ) as soon as out third counselor arrive , we will be split up into three group . then we will stay in the group for three day . during that time each group will be camp out in the wood . and we will get to know and understan each other as best we can . Cindy raise she hand . cindy Excuse I ! lilly yes , Cindy ? cindy what do y'all mean by campin ' out ? lilly you know . sleep in tent , cooking we own food , hike - cindy where do we go to the bathroom and take shower ? lilly there 's outdoor toilet near we camp site . and we will be wash up in the lake . cindy you be kiddin . ' herman no . we be not . riff what kinda food we gonna have ? lilly Fish , mostly . we will be catch they . several of the kid react . lilly Fish be good for you . besides , we have get to watch we budget . after you have spend three day in the small group , we will come back together for the last two . any other question ? snowboy yeah . do the guy get to sleep with the girl ? lilly ( laugh ) no . snowboy why not ? lilly because . you know . snowboy no. I do not . tell I . arab they be afraid we will _fuck_ . lilly decide it 's time to change the subject . lilly ( cont 'd ) why do not we all loosen up with a good , old fashioned camp song . do anyone know " the happy camper " song ? Angela raise she hand , excited . angela I do ! most of the camper turn and react . sfx : a car drive up o.s . lilly that must be barney . arab ( laugh ) _ barney_ ? tony barney rubble . everyone laugh . ext . dine hall - continuous a old model mustang , drive by barney whitmore , pull up and park next to herman and lilly 's Jeep . in he early 40' , barney be a handsome , solidly build man . he wear jeans and a polo shirt . barney exit the car and cross to the dining hall entrance . int . dine hall - day barney enter . lilly everybody - I would like you to meet we third counselor , Officer barney whitmore . barney nod hello to the camper . snowboy slump . he . arab and riff sneer . angle on angela look at barney . she be not happy . new angle barney sorry I be late . I guess I will have to catch up on all you name later . cindy be you a cop ? barney yep . riff belches . barney ignore he . barney that 's one of the reason I be here . to make sure there 's no trouble . riff belches again . louder . arab and snowboy laugh . tony study tony ( to riff ) hey . you get a problem ? riff turn to he . pause . riff suck my dick , spic . new angle tony jump from the table and quickly flatten riff on the ground , send chair fly along the way . riff yank out he switchblade . it fly open in tony 's face . riff you be dead , spic . a arm suddenly wrap around riff 's neck , as a hand swiftly twist riff 's hand with the knife , force he to drop it . new angle as barney , with a chokehold on riff , slam riff into a table . barney any more shit like this and I will send you butt to jail so fast you will not know what happen . you get it ? riff nod . barney release he hold on riff , then pick up the switchblade . he close it and pocket it . barney ( cont 'd ) ( to the grouo ) anybody else carry anything ? give it to I now . Cause the same go for you that go for he . ( to riff ) sit down and behave yourself . riff obey . angle on angela and bobby bobby ( whisper ) this be better than t.v.! on Angela 's reaction : EST . shot : ext . cabin - afternoon Angela 's cabin from last year . lilly , with she clipboard , stand in front . she check she watch . lilly ( shouting ) hurry up , girl ! we have get a lot to do ! int . cabin - continuous angle on cindy in a fashionable satin bra and panty , as she cross to the bathroom carry a makeup case . the camera follows her until han , nude from the waist up , exit the bathroom and pass by Cindy . the camera then follows jan to a bed , where she pick up a Camp New horizon t-shirt . in the b.g. anita , in a simple cotton bra , change into she camp t-shirt . arab ( 0.s. ) ( to Jan ) gimme a shirt , will ya ? Jan grab another t-shirt on the bed and cross to arab , with the camera following . as Jan reach arab , arab peel off she black t-shirt . she be nude underneath . Angela , still wear she " I love new york " t-shirt , sit on a bed directly in back of arab and Jan . she glance up at the two pair of breast in front of she face , then quickly look back down to the floor . Angela take off she " I love new york " t-shirt , revealing a very heavy , ultra-conservative white cotton bra . arab ( notice ) how do ya get _that_ thing off ? with a can opener ? Angela quickly slip on she camp t-shirt as arab and Jan laugh . marsha ( 0.s. ) hey - look at this . angle on marcia in she camp t-shirt , as she walk into the empty counselor 's room . scrawle on the wall be " angela baker = the _devil_ of death , " " angela - go to hell , " " the killer counselor slept here , " " the angel of death must die , " and " fuck angela baker . " also on the wall be crude picture of Angela supposedly kill people . marcia be disgust and a little firghtened by what she see . marsha ( cont 'd ) how weird . it 's that girl who kill everybody . Angela Baker . anita , Jan and arab , dress in they t-shirt , enter . they reaction be similar to marcia 's . angle on angela as she listen . Cindy , still in she panty and bra , rush by to join the other girl . cindy ( 0.s. ) yuck ! this drawing be so gross ! anita ( 0.s . they should have tell we about this . arab ( 0.s. ) you think anybody could come here if they do ? shit , you be dumber than you look . angle on arab turn to Cindy . arab ( cont 'd ) how much do they charge _you_ to come here , rich girl ? cindy I dunno . Three thousand buck I think . arab God . I bet the fuck government pay them at least that much for we . " a experiment in share , " my ass . we be here cause they can not get anybody else . angle on angela listen . arab ( cont 'd , 0.s. ) and we have get some crazy asshole name Angela Baker to thank for it . Angela flash arab a angry look . dissolve to : ext . cabin - afternoon Angela , in camp t-shirt , exit the cabin to see barney at the bottom of the stair check arab 's driver 's license . Angela try to sneak by . barney ( to Angela ) hold it . I need to see some i.d . Angela look at he a moment . then reach into she pocket and pull out a driver 's license . arab exit as barney take Angela 's license . he p.o.v. : a new york driver' license say " Maria nicastro " with Angela 's picture . the birthday read " July 28 , 1972 . " the hair read " blonde . " barney no offense , but you look like you have be through a lot in 17 year . angela I have . barney I hope you have a good time here , Maria . angela thanks . he give she back the license . lilly cross to barney with a xerox map . lilly ( to barney ) here 's you map . Angela cross to the other kid . all have change into Camp New horizon t-shirt , although riff have roll he sleeve up to accentuate he muscle and Cindy have tie the bottom of she t-shirt to make it look more cute . in the b.g. herman sort various camp equipment into three different pile . lilly turn to the camper . lilly ( cont 'd ) now pay attention ! when you hear you name , go stand next to you counselor . she look down at she clipboard . lilly ( cont 'd ) arab , Bobby , riff and Cindy will be with I . lilly 's group be not very excited about lilly or each other . they reluctantly cross she . lilly ( cont 'd ) Peter , Jan , Maria and snowboy will be with herman . Peter , snowboy and Jan start crossing to herman . Angela stay with the other . lilly ( cont 'd ) Maria - Angela , realize lilly be talk to she , cross to she group . in the b.g. herman point he playboy buckle in Jan 's direction and scam she . lilly ( cont 'd ) that leave Marsha , tony , anita and greg with barney . Marsha grin at tony , who grin shyly back . Angela notice . she can not help but feel a little jealous . tony 's cute . lilly ( cont 'd ) I hope everybody learn a lot in the next three day . and when we come back together , I gaurantee it will not be the same . angle on angela reacting . dissolve to : ext . group three campsite - afternoon barney lead Marsha , tony , anita and greg out of the wood into the clear . each carry they backpack and sleep bag . Marsha and tony also carry a ice chest between they while anita and greg carry the tent supplies and fishing pole . barney carry a large box full of various camp item . barney here we be . greg Home sweet home ! barney why do not we put everything down and rest a second . the camper , grateful for the break , quickly drop everything and sit down . marsha I think we would never make it . anita it be not so bad . back home we have get hill like this all over . greg so do we . the Hollywood Hills . right , tony ? tony I guess . barney who 's hungry ? everyone but tony ad lib that they be . barney ( cont 'd ) we be suppose to catch fish . and we will - maybe tommorow . but I think you might enjoy something else tonight . he open up the chest . it be fill with hamburger meat , hotdog , condiment , bun , and a variety of soda . everyone approve . barney ( cont 'd ) I know I be bend the rule a bit , but hey - tony ( deadpan ) you can do it . you be a cop . silence . a uncomfortable moment . barney I be do it because when I have the chance to do it with my own son , I do not . greg how old be he ? barney Sean would have be seventeen . he be murder here last year . greg God . I be sorry . barney you do not know . pause . tony and I be sorry for give you a hard time . barney it 's okay . I be use to it . I cop , remember ? mar everyone laugh . barney ( cont 'd ) who want a soda ? they all ad lib that they do . barney toss soda to he camper . ext . herman' campsite - afternoon angle on a double - edged ax blade slice through the air ... and landing on a log , chopping the log in two . angle on angela with a ax . beside she be several other piece of chop wood . in the b.g. Peter sit by the tent , sorting he firecracker . Angela pick up a piece of wood and carry it over to a fire be startle by herman . Jan stand nearby with a handful of kindling . herman ( to Angela ) where would you learn to chop wood ? angela I have never chop wood before . but I have chop other thing . jan let I know when you want this stick , Mr. miranda . herman anytime now , sweatpea . herman give she a fond pat on the rear as he get up . herman ( cont 'd ) and call I herman . herman turn to snowboy and Peter . herman ( cont 'd ) where 's snowboy ? peter I dunno . herman ( shouting ) snowboy ! ext . - wood by herman' campsite - continuous snowboy , spray-paint he gang 's logo on a tree with a small can of red spraypaint , turn . snowboy ( shouting ) yeah ? herman ( 0.s . ) ( shouting ) time to go fishing ! snowboy stuff the can down the front of he jeans . ext . - herman' campsite - continuous snowboy enter from the wood . jan ( to herman ) do we have to ? herman we gotta eat , do not we ? jan I hate fish . herman playfully touch she nose . herman hey , that 's no way to talk . Jan , pout , cross and exit into a tent . herman turn to the other three . herman ( cont 'd ) you guy each grab a pole and some bait . I will meet you at the lake in a few minute . herman cross over to the tent . herman ( cont 'd ) come out , sweetpea . daddy will not make you fish if you do not wanna . he turn to the other camper and wink . ext . lake - afternoon new angle Peter and Angela fish on the lake 's shore . showboy , try hard to be cool , try to put a worm on he fishing hook . he can not do it . Angela notice . angela ( cont 'd ) ( to snowboy ) here . without any hesitation , she take the worm and deftly spike it on the hook . snowboy react to she skill . angela ( cont 'd ) you will get use to it . after a while , it 's kinda fun . pause on snowboy study Angela . then : snowboy trip out . he cast a line . angle on peter as he take a firecracker out of he pocket and stick it into a fish 's mouth . neither Angela nor snowboy notice . angela herman should have be here by now . what 's take he so long ? snowboy he 's tryin ' to get into that rich skank 's pants . Peter fish around in he pocket and pull out a lighter . angela that 's disgusting . snowboy I would not mind havin ' a piece of she myself . Peter light a firecracker . angle on angela turn to Peter . realizing : angela don 't - bang ! blood and fish gut fly into she face . she be not happy . snowboy ( to Peter ) hey , dude . lemme try . Angela try to wipe away the mess on she face and clothes as she quickly exit . ext . forest clearing - afternoon as Angela enter the clear , she hear giggling from inside the two -man tent . Angela pull back the flap to reveal Jan , nude , and herman , naked from the waist up , pull down he jeans . Jan notice Angela . jan we have get company . herman turn . herman oh , shit . Angela drop the flap . int . tent - continuous Jan giggle and look for she clothes . herman wiggle into he jeans as he crawl to the front of the tent . herman ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) hey , Maria - we can work something out can not we ? my old lady just do not give it to I no more . you understand , do n'tcha ? ext . tent - continuous angle on herman as he exit the tent . angela ( 0.s. ) ready for a weenie roast ? angle on a tree branch held by angela about one and a half inch thick ; it 's tip on fire . Angela shove the flame branch into herman 's crotch . c.u. : herman scream in agony . the burn branch be suddenly jamme into he open mouth . angle on jan topless , as she peer through the tent . realizing , she scream , then quickly push past Angela and run into the wood . angela put on a bra . Angela run after she . ext . wood - afternoon various angle as a terrify Jan run through the wood . she suddenly stop . new angle Angela be in front of she , hold a large branch . angela you have a lousy sense of direction . Jan scream . Angela take the branch and bash it into Jan 's head . ext . herman' campsite - evening angle on a fish getting its head chopped off new angle as Angela start scale and clean the fish . Peter watch . he take the severe fish head and play with it . peter ( cont 'd ) when be herman and Jan come back ? angela not for a long time . but before he leave he say we should go to bed early . we have get a big day tomorrow . Peter throw the fish head at Angela . angela ( cont 'd ) you brat . Peter give Angela the finger , then run into the wood . Angela 's have it . she turn to snowboy who stand behind a tent . angela snowboy ! I need help . snowboy I be busy . angela do what ? snowboy makin ' art . Angela cross to snowboy . angela' p.0.v. snowboy's gang logo spraypainted on the tent beneathe it he spraypaint " snowboy " . new angle snowboy and trip out on this - he proudly turn and point into the wood . angela' p.o.v. : dozen of tree spray-paint with gang graffiti . angle on angela disgust . peter ( 0.s. ) bomb away ! angle on angela' feet a light firecracker land next to they . it explode . new angle Angela jump . snowboy laugh . peter I warn you . as if inspire by the firecracker , snowboy spraypaint wild design all over the tent . snowboy party all night ! teenage wasteland ! angle on angela slowly shaking she head . angela ( to herself ) why would I think this year would be any different ? dissolve to : ext . barney' campsite - night barney 's campsite look neat and efficient . next to the two tent a small portable table hold the soda , bag of chip , hamburger bun , etc . barney , greg , anita and Marsha sit around a campfire , eat they hamburger and hotdog as tony scrape the grill with a spatula . anita this be one of the best burger I ever eat ! barney so 's mine . thanks for cooking , tony . the other also thank tony . tony no problem . Marsha get up and grab a nearby flashlight . marsha Excuse I a second . I have get to use the outhouse . ( to tony ) and it have nothing to do with you burger ! everyone laugh . barney tony , go with she . marsha I will be all right . barney maybe so . but I do not want you to go alone . tony cross to Marsha . greg I wanna go . barney sorry . you get to start pitching the tent . greg react . anita laugh . ext . wood - continuous Marsha and tony walk down a narrow path . flashlight in front of they . marsha that 's so awful about barney 's son . tony God . I know . marsha I never would have come here if I know about all this . would you ? tony probably not . but I be glad I be out of L.A. she laugh . Marsha shine the a TWIG snap . tony stop . listen . tony ( cont 'd ) you hear that ? Marsha stop . marsha what ? tony something in the wood . marsha no. they start walk again . something move in the brush tony stop . tony give I the flashlight . Marsha give it to he . tony shine the flashlight into the wood . nothing . sfx : the brush move again . tony swiftly move the flashlight towards the noise . tony who 's out there ? sfx : brush moving tony movie the flashlight in another direction . tony who be it ? what do you want ? another TWIG snap . tony , nervous , gasp . angle on the wood as something leap out . angle on tony and marsha tony scream extremely loud . then look . realize . angle on a raccoon it look at tony and Marsha then scamper back into the wood . new angle Marsha look at tony . she giggle . then burst out laughing . tony grin . Marsha try to get serious , but she can not . tony stop it ! as Marsha continue laugh , they continue down the path . angle on the wood Angela peek through the tree , watch they . CUT to : ext . herman' campsite - night angle on jan' body be drag by Angela towards Peter and snowboy 's tent . angela it 's a good thing you be dead . in a couple of year , you breast would have be sagging something terrible . int . tent - night Angela drag Jan 's body into the tent . she look towards the back of the tent . her p.o.v. : peter and snowboy asleep . original angle as Angela continue to drag in the body angle on snowboy snowboy change position . the camera follows he hand as it land on something . we angle out to see that it now rest on the lap of herman 's body that have be propped up next to snowboy . angle on peter a huge firecracker be stuff into he leave nostril . another be stuff into he right . angle on angela angela ( whisper to Peter ) do not anyone teach you that there 's nothing " cool " about explosive ? angle on the firecrackers they fuse be light . c.u. : peter he wake up . and see . but it 's too late to do anything about it . angle on angela as the firecracker explode , send blood and little piece of Peter fly into she face . new angle snowboy , waking up , do not yet realize what have happen . snowboy ( annoyed ) hey , dude - he turn and see what be leave of Peter 's head . angle on snowboy scream . angle on angela she hold a can of snowboy 's red spraypaint . angela hey dude . rad spraypaint . mind if I try ? angle on snowboy as Angela spray the spraypaint on he face . various angle snowboy try to fight back , but Angela keep the spraypaint come . Angela slowly inch in . the fume and the paint become too much for snowboy . his face literally drip with paint . Angela hold a lighter up to he face . ignites it . c.u. : snowboy snowboy 's paint - cover face go up in flame . ext . peter and arab be tent - continuous scene a- 31 humming to herself , Angela exit the burn tent . she cross to a stick load with several marshmallow lie on a marshmallow bag . she grab the stick and hold it over the ever-increasing flame . ext . lilly campsite - morning scene 32 * lilly 's campsite be the former location of the abandon cabin where Angela store several camper ' body during last year 's reign of terror . now only a pile of board remain where the cabin use to stand . the outhouse trench have be fill in . the only recognizable fixture from the area be the old barbecue pit , which remain intact . lilly and she camper sit around the barbecue pit , silently eat a breakfast that look something like mush . they look up to see Angela enter . Angela carry she suitcase , sleep bag and berman 's map . her camp t-shirt be somewhat wrinkle , but clean . lilly what be you do here ? angela I be suppose to switch with someone from this group . herman say so . lilly ( a little miff ) I wish he would not do thing like that . arab so who 's the lucky shithead you be suppose to switch with ? Angela throw arab a look . angela you . dissolve to : ext . wood - day scene 33 Angela lead the way through the wood as arab , with she gear , follow sullenly behind she . arab how old be you , anyway ? angela seventeen . action you look older . angela I know . when I be young , we town 's water supply do not have any fluoride . arab you be one weird motherfucker . ext . herman' campsite - day scene 34 Angela and arab enter from the wood . with the exception of only one tent and no camper in sight , everything seem normal . arab where 's the other tent ? angela it get sort of wreck . we be all in one now . arab all right ! angela in fact , I think they be in there now . arab cross to the tent , the camera following . arab ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) anybody home ? arab stick she head in the tent . int . tent - continuous scene 35 angle on arab as she look into the tent . arab be p.o.v. : the tent completely empty . angle on arab arab they be not here . ext . tent - continuous scene 36 Angela kick arab in the rear , cause arab to fall into the tent . int . tent - continuous scene 37 arab angry , pick herself up . arab you bitch . that hurt ! ext . tent - continuous scene 38 angle on arab as she head pop out of the tent . arab ( cont 'd ) do not you ever - angle on the double - edged ax swiftly landing on the . back of arab 's neck . new angle as arab 's severe head hit and roll across the grass . ext . group two's campsite - day scene 39 Angela enter from the wood , see lilly , Cindy , Bobby and riff sit in a circle . lilly Maria ! come join we ! Angela cross to they . she sit between Cindy and riff . Cindy give she a quick cool smile that basically say " you be shit . " riff give she a " you be shit " frown . lilly ( cont 'd ) I call this we " share and care " time . for instance , what 's you favorite movie ? angela " elt . " lilly how nice . how about - you , riff ? riff one with tit and blood . cindy ( to riff ) why do we have to listen to that stupid rap tape ? I mean , who like that stuff anymore ? riff fuck you . lilly now , riff - riff ( interrupt ) Rap be a helluva lot better than that country shit . cindy I never say I like country . but I would rather listen to that than a bunch of darky who can not sing . riff spit in she face . lilly riff ! Cindy , shocked and angry , wipe off the spit . then look at he with undisguise hatred . cindy you dirty nigger . riff jump up and start strangling Cindy . lilly riff ! stop it ! stop it right now or I will get Officer whitmore ! riff let go . Cindy , cry , run into she tent . everyone be silent . then : lilly ( to Angela ) so , Maria , what 's you favorite color ? ext . barney' campsite - day scem 40 angle on marsha scream . then she laugh . new angle we see that everyone be busy clean . tony scrub the grill while greg , use a plastic tub , wash various cooking utensil . greg hand the utensil to Marsha , who rinse they in a similar tub . Marsha then hand the clean utensil to anita , who dry they . barney in the b.g. pick up a pile of wood , cross to the camper and set it down . marsha I think tony scared the raccoon half to death ! ( to tony ) come on . scream again ! I want to hear it ! tony turn toward barney . tony ( mock angry ) barney , this rich white girl keep give I a hard timel barney oh , poor babyl everyone laugh . anita ( to barney ) I hate to bring this up . but what do you think happen to that Angela Baker ? barney nobody know . there 's no picture of she since 7 year ago . plus when she be 18 she juvenile record be destroy . all we can go on be description . greg but she be a counselor here last year . do not anyone take she picture ? barney nope . supposedly nobody want to . she be not very popular . marsha what do she look like ? barney she 's white . about 5 foot 7 , 115 pound . Brown eye . reddish brown hair . twenty - one year old . tony what would you do if you see she ? pause . barney ( matter of factly ) I would kill she . ext . lilly campsite - day scene 41 angle on angela lilly ( 0.s . ) all right , everyone . let 's put we difference aside and try to move on , the camera angle to include the other camper and lilly lilly , with four long strip of heavy cloth , stand before Angela , Cindy , Bobby , and riff . none look too excited . lilly ( cont 'd ) we be go to do a trust game right now . let 's break up into pair . Cindy glare at riff , then turn to Angela . riff give Cindy a attitude and turn to Bobby . Bobby give it he best shot . bobby ( to riff ) look like we be partner . riff shut up . bobby cool , man . right on . lilly hand two strip of cloth each to Cindy and Bobby . lilly ( cont 'd ) one of you will be blindfolded and have you hand tie behind you back . you partner will then lead you around . after fifteen minute or so , you will switch . cindy oh , this will be fun . ( to Angela ) you can go first . ext . wood - day scene 42 Angela , blindfolded , get lead through the wood by Cindy . Cindy pay little attention to she . cindy how you doin ' , honey ? angela okay . cindy good . I wish I could say the same . that nigger could have kill I . she shudder . cindy ( cont 'd ) I bet he would have like that , too . he could brag to all he â €œ " homeboy " how he massacre some rich white girl . that street gang do that , you know . Cindy laugh and stop . Angela keep walk , unaware that Cindy have stop . Angela bump into a tree . Cindy laugh and catch up to she . cindy ( cont 'd ) be a good girl , and just stay there a second . I will be right back . Cindy walk several foot away . angela hey - angle on cindy sighing , she sit down and pull a gold cigarette case out of she jeans . she open up the case , take out a cigarette and light it . Cindy inhale the cigarette as if it be the last she would ever smoke . angle on angela very uncomfortable and more than a little tick off . angle on a rabbit as it approach Angela . new angle the rabbit look around . Studies Angela . then start to crawl up Angela 's leg . Angela scream and kick the rabbit off . angle on cindy she put out the cigarette and crossing back to Angela . cindy what 's wrong ? angela ( yell ) something be crawl on I ! the rabbit have long since disappear . cindy I do not see anything . angela get this blindfold off ! Cindy , laugh to herself , remove the blindfold . Angela 's eye get use to the light as Cindy unty she wrist . cindy honey , I be sure it be nothin . ' you city kid have just gotta get use to the country . Angela give Cindy one of she famous look . angela you turn . ext . camp new horizon MAIN area - day scene 43 Angela lead the blindfolded and tie Cindy out of the wood into the main camp area . cindy where be we ? angela it 's a surprise . cindy well , I be gettin ' tired . and my foot hurt . angela I think you country girl be use to this kind of stuff . cindy hah . hah . angela be you a cheerle ader ? cindy yes . angela figure . be you a virgin ? cindy no ! angela do you take drug ? cindy do not everybody ? angela Strike three . Angela stop at the camp flag pole . c.u. : cindy cindy it 's about time we stop . take this stuff off I right now . silence . cindy ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? nothing . cindy ( cont 'd ) oh , I get it . you be leavin ' I now . angle on a metal flag fastener attached to the flagpole rope be hook onto one of Cindy 's back belt loop . Cindy laugh . cindy ( cont 'd ) ( mimick Angela ) help ! somethin 's on me! her face begin to lift out of frame . cindy ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) hey - new angle Angela begin hoist Cindy up the flagpole . cindy ( cont 'd ) what' goin ' on ? let I down Angela , ignore she , turn Cindy around so Cindy 's head face the ground . Angela then reach up and wrap the rope around one of Cindy 's leg . cindy ( cont 'd ) stop it ! i'll sue you for everything you've got ! Angela start hoist she up again . cindy ( cont 'd ) stop it !! why be you do this to I ??! Angela hoist she to the top of the flagpole . angela because you be a cheerleader , a fornicator , a drug-taker , and a nasty , snotty bigot . besides that , you be real nice . Angela let go of the rope . Cindy drop to the bottom . her head smashes into the cement surround the flagpole . ext . lilly campsite - day scene 44 lilly cook a larger juicy steak as Angela enter . lilly where 's Cindy ? angela at the main camp . she 's get a headache . lilly why do not you be a dear and get she ? while you be at it , grab that sack of garbage by my tent . there 's a place to dump it behind the dining hall . ancela cross to the garbage and pick it up . lilly oh - I be just about out of tanning lotion . there 's some in the pantry right next to the kitchen . the front door should be open . angela do there use to be a cabin up here ? lilly yes . right over there . she point to the pile of board . angela be that the cabin where all that body be find last year ? lilly ( surprised ) how would you know about that ? angela I guess I read about it . lilly well , do not tell the other . they could get spook . Angela start to exit . lilly ( cont 'd ) and hurry back . it 's almost time for lunch . ext . dine hall - day scene 45 Angela lift up the doormat , find the key and open the door . int . dine hall - day scene 46 Angela enter , carry the bag of garbage . she stop and look at the empty hall . fantasy flashback : int . dine hall - day , last year scene 47 Angela 's flashback , like all memory , have be change by time and wishful think . Angela seem prettier and more vibrant than we know she to be . the camper in she memory be also much more excited and cheerful than they actually be . angle on angela in a Camp Rolling Hills t-shirt . very happy as she stand in front of the crowded dining hall . angela good morning , camper ! camper ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) good morning , Angela ! angela it 's a wonderful day to be alive , be not it ?! camper ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) yes ! quick CUT to : int . dine hall - present day scene 48 Angela turn and continue walk . quick CUT to : fantasy flashback : int . dine hall - last year , day scene 49 angle on angela with she guitar , singing the " happy camper song " with the camper , who enthusiastically clap as they sing . angela and camper ( sing ) oh , I be a happy camper ! I love the summer sun , I love the tree and forest , I be always have fun ! quick CUT to : int . dine hall - present day scene 50 now by the kitchen entrancer Angela stop and look back once more . quick CUT to : fantasy flashback - int . dine hall - day , last year scene 51 angle on angela she " counselor of the week " ribbon pin to she chest . however , the ribbon be slightly bigger and prettier than it actually be . Angela brushes away a tear before she address the camper . angela as some of you know , I have go through a lot of hard time in my life . I have be pick on . abuse . and misunderstand more often than I can remember . her p.o.v. : the camp rolling hill camper listen . they clearly love and respect she . angela ( cont 'd , 0.s . ) but that 's what so terrific about place like this . we can learn to love one another . angle on angela angela ( cont 'd ) thanks for be such great kid . you have make this camp so much fun . I love you all . everyone cheer as Angela smile , laugh , and begin to cry . angela you like I ! you really , really like I ! int . dine hall - present day scene 52 Angela smile and turn toward the kitchen . int . pantry - day scene 53 pitch black until Angela open the creaking door and turn on the light . a mouse scurries across the floor . Angela slowly enter . it be obvious that the pantry , almoslt empty of supplies , be in dire neglect . Angela pass by a shelf contain old sport equipment and life preserver . much of the equipment be damage . Angela spot a bottle of sun tan lotion next to a cassette tape recorder in the " lose and find " section . next to the tape recorder be a microphone and several tape . Angela pick up the lotion , then wipe she finger across the top of the tape recorder . Angela look at she finger . it 's cover with dirt and dust . a cockroach run past hez hand . Angela scream and jump back . she quickly cross back to the entrance . hanging on a nail next to the light switch be a large key ring with several key . Angela look at the key a moment . then take they . ext . back of the dine hall - day scene 54 Angela exit the dining hall 's back door and the bag of garbage . she look for garbage can , but there be none . cross a few foot from the back entrance , she spot a garbage pit about 4 foot wide . next to it be a large pile of dirt . a shovel lay on top . Angela cross to the pit and look inside . angela' p.o.v. : the pit about 5 1 / 2 foot deep . several rat gnaw away at the rotting garbage . angle on angela as she quickly throw the trash in the pit , and turn away . dissolve to : ext . lilly campsite - day scene 55 lilly hum to herself as she set up a beach recliner . Bobby pack up stone and toss they into the wood while riff , on the ground , play card and listen to he rap music . Angela , still disgust by what she see , enter and cross to lilly . she glare at lilly as she hand she the tanning lotion . lilly thanks , dear . be Cindy come ? angela no . she 's rest awhile in one of the cabin . lilly she 's not suppose to . but , what can you do ? ready for another trust game ? angela I think it be time to eat . lilly it almost be . Bobby , come over here , dear ! Bobby cross as lilly grab four piece of rope . lilly I want you two to stand next to each other , side by side . they comply , and lilly begin tie a rope around they waist . as she do : lilly ( cont 'd ) I be go to be tie you two together . you will have to coordinate you walk , you hand movement , everything . lilly start tie the wrist of they inner hand together as she turn to riff . lilly ( cont 'd ) riff , since Cindy be not feel well , I think you and I will have to be partner . riff no fucken way . lilly let it pass . never argue with a juvenile delinquent . angela how long do we have to do this ? lilly until you have catch enough fish for lunch and dinner . it will test how well you can work together . angela but what about that steak you be cooking ? lilly start tie they inner calve together . lilly that be mine . I be allergic ' to fish . angle on angela stare angrily at lilly . ext . a dock by the lake - day scene 5 6 Angela and Bobby , tie together , sit on the dock , next to they be they fishing supplies . angela gimme the hook . Bobby do . Angela quickly bait the hook . bobby you be good at that . angela that 's what everybody say . okay , cast . Bobby do he best , but it 's not too great . Angela decide to let it be . she turn to Bobby . angela why would you come here ? bobby it 's a once - in - a- lifetime experience . plus it look great on my resume . he motion to the fishing pole . bobby ( cont 'd ) could you hold this a minute ? angela sure . he give she the fishing pole . then turn toward she . and smile . bobby you know something , Maria ? angela what ? bobby I think you be nice . angela thanks . bobby do you think I be nice ? angela yeah . I guess . bobby good . beat . bobby ( con 'd ) do you want to know something else ? angela what ? bobby I like be tie up . especially next to you . it turn I on . Angela try not to look nauseate . just as she be about to say something , Bobby attack she , wildly kissing she and fondle she breast with he free hand . Angela drop the pole and slap Bobby hard . angela stop it ! bobby but I think you want it . you type always do . angela no ! pause . angela at least not now . she smile . angela ( cont 'd ) meet I by the dining hall right after dark . Bobby grin . bobby but how will we get away from lilly ? angela do not worry . I will handle it . ext . lilly campsite - day scene 57 angle on lilly lie on the recliner - eye close , sun herself . a string of fish be shove in front of she face . she frown , then open she eye . new angle Angela , still tie to Bobby , hold the fish . lilly good job ! ( beat ) why do not you put they down ? Angela comply . lilly get out of she chair and begin to untie they . lilly turn to a tent occupy by riff . as dsual , he rap music blare in the b.g . lilly ( cont 'd ) riff ! since Maria and Bobby catch the fish , I think you should clean they . no answer . lilly turn back to Angela and Bobby . lilly ( cont 'd ) Bobby , maybe you should clean they . bobby but that 's not fair . he do not do anything . angela let I talk to he . she cross to the tent and open the flap . riff , hand behind he head , lie on he sleep bag . angela ( cont 'd ) hi. riff do not answer . angela ( cont 'd ) we just spend two hour catch fish . it 's only fair that you clean they . rtff turn up he music full blast . angela ( cont 'd ) please turn that down . riff what ? angela ( shouting ) I say turn down you music . riff what ? angela ( shouting ) you hear I the first time ! riff look at she a moment . turn down he music . then pull a pistol from behind he head and point it at she . Angela turn to Bobby . angela ( cont 'd ) clean the fish , Bobby . ext . wood - day scene 58 Marsha she hand tie and she eye blindfolded , be lead by tony through the wood . marsha this be easy . make it harder . tony okay . he grab she shoulder and start lead she around , almost bump she into several tree . she love it . tony then start spin she around . marsha stop it ! I be get dizzy ! tony stop . Marsha wobble to the ground . he sit next to she . marsha it 's you turn . tony huh uh . marsha I will tell ! tony geez . I be scared . he unty she , and take off she blindfold . tony ( cont 'd ) so what 's it like where you live ? as marsha start to speak , tony playfully interrupt . tony no . do not tell I . you go toa little red brick school . and you be in the choir . marsha it 's orange brick . and I be in the band . tony same difference . you have get really nice parent . and you town have a park where every fourth of July there 's firework . plus at Christmas there 's a big parade when Santa Claus arrive . be I right ? marsha do not make fun of I ! tony and what have you be do to I this whole weekend ? marsha laugh . marsha be you in a gang ? tony yeah . where I be from , everybody be . marsha what 's it like ? tony you do not want to hear about it . I wish I could get out . but the only way to do that be to move . marsha why do not you ? tony maybe I will . I will come live with you . in Idaho . marsha Ohio . tony and marsha ( in unison ) same difference . pause . tony ( cont 'd ) be you scared of I ? marsha no . but I be . tony you be very pretty . marsha ( softly ) thanks . they look at each other . smile . tony can I kiss you ? she nod . he kiss she tentatively . then tenderly . Marsha push away . tony ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? marsha nothing . Marsha fish into she pants pocket . marsha ( cont 'd ) if we be gonna make love , you have gotta wear one of this . she pull out a wrap condom . tony react . then : tony I be move to Ohio ! marsha laugh , then they continue where they leave off . ext . lilly campsite - day scene 59 angle on angela stare . then crossing to lilly , who sit in she beach recliner , read a european travel magazine . in the b.g. Bobby and riff eat they fish and cream corn . angela lilly - let 's do the blindfold game together . lilly frown . angela ( cont 'd ) please ? I will lead you back to camp . that way you can check up on Cindy . lilly put down she magazine . lilly why not ? I be get a little worried about she anyway . let I get a couple strip of cloth . Angela produce two strip of cloth from behind she back . angela I have get some . Angela smile . some would say angelically . ext . camp new horizon - MAIN area scene 60 c.u. : lilly blindfolded , walk . new angle Angela lead the blindfolded and tie lilly . as they talk , Angela lead lilly in the direction of the garbage trench behind the dining hall . angela be you plan a trip soon ? lilly yes . herman and I be go to Europe . it will be very expensive , but like herman say , " we be worth it . " angela you have cockroach in the pantry . and I think I sawa mouse . lilly really ? we will have to do something about that . angela why do you bury you trash ? lilly because garbage company charge a arm and a leg . angela they be not that expensive . lilly every penny count . it have not be easy take this place over , let I tell you . nobody want to go to a camp where everyone 's be slaughter . they arrive at the garbage pit , with lilly directly in front of it . angela have you order you ticket to Europe yet ? lilly no. angela good . you trip 's be cancel . Angela shove lilly into the pit . only lilly 's head be above the ground . Angela cross to the shovel as lilly struggle to get out .. lilly what be you do ? get I out of here ! there's rat down here ! they will eat I alive ! angela no they will not . they will be suffocate soon . various angle Angela , ignore lilly scream , sing while bury lilly up to she head . angela ( sing ) oh , I be a happy camper ! I love the summer sun , I love the tree and forest , I be always have fun ! oh , I be a happy camper ! I love the clear blue sky , and with the Grace of God , I will camp until I die ! lilly , except for she head , be completely bury . angela ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , lilly . she begin to exit . angela ( cont 'd ) by the way , you husband fool around . lilly , confuse and frighten , yell at the exite Angela . lilly you can not leave I here ! come back ! you be in big trouble no answer . angle on lilly lilly ( cont 'd ) you little shit ! come back here right now ! nothing . lilly ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? get I out of here ! silence , then : sfx : a lawnmower engine starting up new angle Angela , push a large gas-power lawnmower . head straight towards lilly 's head . angle on lilly realizing . lilly ( cont 'd ) noi !!! angle on the lawnmower approach . angle on lilly scream . angle on angela calmly push the mower . the lawnmower be " p.o.v. " : lilly scream as the lawnmower quickly approach . angle on the mower as it almost reach lilly . new angle as Angela lift the mower up so that the blade will attack lilly 's face . angle on the mower' blade turn rapidly . angle on angela as she bring the mower down on lilly 's head . angle on lilly angle on the mower sfx : a churning , crunching SOUND blood and piece of lilly 's head fly from the mower . ext . dine hall - night scene 61 c.u. : angela a pair of hand reach around and cover she eye . bobby ( 0.s. ) guess who ? angela Bobby . new angle Angela sit under a tree . Bobby take he hand away from she face . he look freshly groom . bobby yeah . how would you know ? he kiss she on the head . Angela get up . Angela point to the tree . angela ( cont 'd ) stand in front of the tree . be do . on the cround next to the tree be two piece of rope . one be about three foot long . the other rope be wound in a coil , with one end trail away from the tree . Angela take the short piece of rope and tie Bobby 's foot against the tree . angela ( cont 'd ) so you like to be tie up , huh ? Bobby blushes . bobby yeah . but do not tell anybody , okay ? if the wrong person find out , I could lose a election someday . angela my lip be seal . put you hand behind the tree . bobby should not I take my clothes off first ? angela no . it 's more fun like this . he comply . Angela take the end of the coiled rope and tie he hand behind the tree . bobby wow . this be like something in a dirty magazine . would not that be cool ? reading about this ? angela it 's more fun to live it . bobby yeah . he close he eye . angle on bobby bobby ( cont 'd ) I really appreciate this . it 's not like I do not respect you or anything . I do . I think you be really a neat person . he open he eye . bobby ( cont 'd ) when do we screw ? new angle Bobby look around . no Angela . turn around , he see that Angela be about to enter herman and lilly 's Jeep park nearby . bobby ( cont 'd ) whaddya do ? angela ( as she climb in ) thank the Lord there will be one less idiot in politics . she gun the motor . various angle Angela speed away in the Jeep . as she do , we see that rope be tie to the Jeep 's hitch . the very same rope that lead to the coil ... and to Bobby . bobby hey - the coil of rope quickly start unravel . Bobby notice . bobby ( cont 'd ) noi !!! Bobby try to quickly untie himself . but it 's no use . the coil of rope soon disappear . the taut rope now yank Bobby 's arm back . new angle Bobby 's arm rip out of they socket . ext . lilly campsite - night scene 62 angle on riff tent he rap music thumping inside . int . riff tent - continuous scene 63 angle on a centerfold of a beautiful model . a tape cassette be flung on top of the picture . angle on riff riff , notice , pick it up . Studies it a moment . then he turn and eject the cassette playing in he beat box . be insert the.new one . Hit the play button . sfx : hand clapping out a rap beat and rap sound obviously made from someone's voice . then : angela' voice on the tape ( rapping ) angel be pretty , angel can fly , and here 's a angel that can make you die . you have get no style , you have get no flair , all you do be fight and swear . so say you prayer and make amend , Cause you life story be about to end . silence . riff what ? the tent suddenly collapse around he . ext . tent - continuous scene 64 we can see the outline of riff 's body as he crawl to the front . riff ( very angry ) fuckhead ! I will get you ! his right hand reach out . angle on riff hand as a tent stake be swiftly drive through it . riff scream new angle Angela , tower over the collapse tent , drive another stake into the tent where riff 's back arch out . blood seep through the cloth as riff writhes and scream . Angela do not let up until he scream die out . silence . Angela give the stake one last pound for good luck . then she calmly cross over to she tent and enter . finally ready for a good night 's sleep . dissolve to : ext . barney' campsite - day scene 65 angle on marsha and tony kissing by the side of a tent . Marsha look up . see : her p.o.v. : angela glaring at they . new angle Marsha startle , stop kissing tony . tony , confuse , look up and also see Angela . Angela carry she sleep bag and suitcase . tony ( to Angela ) hello . ignoring he , Angela cross to barney , who play frisbee with greg and anita . tony and Marsha curious , get up and follow behind . barney ( to Angela ) can we do something for you ? angela yeah . herman want I to be in this group . I be suppose to switch . with Marsha . the camper voice there surprise and disappointment . ext . wood - day scene 66 Angela silently lead the way as barney and Marsha walk behind she . they walk down a very narrow path next to the edge of a hill . marsha we group be so good , too . barney maybe , if I talk with herman , you can stay . but it 's not my camp , so we have get to do what he want . besides , we be all get together tomorrow anyway . marsha I know . but even so . tonight be go to be special . barney with we ? or with tony ? Marsha , embarrassed , laugh . Angela , jealous and angry , turn and look at Marsha . marhsa look at she and smile . then notice : marsha Maria , look out - too late . anaela trip over a root in the path . Marsha rush over to she side . marsha ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? Angela try not to cry . angela it hurt . Marsha , concerned , turn toward barney . marsha what '1ll we do ? barney cut it off . angela no ! barney ( surprised ) I be joke . int . dine hall - day scene 67 angle on a first aid kit attached to the wall mostly empty . a hand reach for a ace bandage . new angle as barney take the bandage and cross to Angela , sit on a table with she shoe off . Marsha stand next to she , hold she hand . barney you be lucky we have get this . the first aid kit be pretty empty . angela what a surprise . barney start bandage the ankle . barney it 's not too bad . you will just have to stay off of it as much as possible . Marsha stroke anaela 's hair . marsha feel better ? angela yeah . thanks a lot . I mean it . Marsha smile . Maria 's a little strange . but she 's okay . barney I would better go find herman . angela how well do you know he ? barney not very well . angela good . Cause he 's a terrible counselor . so 's lilly . barney they be not so bad . angela they eat steak while we eat fish . he fornicate with the camper . and lilly 's so lazy , she do not do anything . just sit all day and sunbathes . barney how do you know ? angela I have eye . beat . barney ( cont 'd ) do herman really want Marsha to switch with you , or do you just make that up ? pause . angela I make it up . I want to be with you guy . barney sorry , Maria . we have get to stick to the rule . you should get back to herman . angela but I do not want to . barney it 's only for another day . come on . we will help you walk there . they help she off the table . marsha do lilly really sunbathe all day ? angela yeah . in fact , she 's out in the back right now . marsha really ? angela go look for yourself . but I be warning you , it 's not a pretty sight . marsha giggle . marsha ( to barney ) can 1 ? barney go ahead . but do not laugh in she face . marsha I will not ! Marsha exit towards the kitchen . ext . dine hall back entrance - day scene 68 Marsha look through the window , but can not see anything . she open the door and enter into the back area . she turn to the garbage pit . nothing . disappointed she turn back . spot something . marsha' p.@.v. : lilly lawn chair face away from she . angle on marsha as she smile and creep toward the chair . cross almost behind it , she peek over the edge . marsha' p.0o.v. : lilly decapitate body lie on the chair . cover with dirt and crawl with rat . int . dine hall - continuous scene 69 Marsha 0.s. scream carry into the hall . barney run to the kitchen area as Marsha stumble in , horrify , cry , speechless . barney what 's wrong ? Marsha point in the direction of the back door . barney exit toward the door . angela ( to Marsha ) it seem everytime I go to camp , somebody lose they head . Marsha stare at Angela . angela ( cont 'd ) I know a girl last year that remind I of you . her name be Molly . she be really nice . too bad she 's dead . barney , 0.s. , shout to marsha . barney Marsha get out of herel run to the highway ! angela ( hurt ) no! stay . Marsha in shock , do not move . barney re-enter . barney ( to Marsha ) get out of here ! Marsha run out the back . barney turn to Angela . Angela giggle . angela when you get mad you look just like you son . barney pick up a fold chair and start crossing slowly towards Angela . he will kill she , or die try . but he will try . barney ( calmly ) how many have you kill this time ? angela I do not know . lot . but I have no choice . they deserve it . barney you gonna kill I , too ? Angela nod . he keep advance . barney ( cont 'd ) so how you gonna do it ? a knife ? a drill ? a chainsaw ? Angela say nothing . barney ( cont 'd ) Fire ? acid ? or maybe you be go to boil I in water like you do that cook seven year ago . come on , Angela . what 's it gonna be ? silence . then : angela a gun . she produce riff 's gun from behind she back and fire . c.u. : barney as the bullet hit he squarely in the forehead . new angle as Angela fire the remain five round into barney . ext . road leading out of camp - day scene 70 Marsha terrify and cry , run down the road . sfx : a car engine in the distance . Marsha turn around to see barney 's mustang come from camp . she stop . then see as the car get closer : her p.o.v. : angela drive barney' car angle on marsha marsha no ! she run off the road into the wood . ext . wood - continuous scene 71 Angela veer the mustang off the road and follow Marsha into the wood . running over small tree and bush , the mustang soon catch up to Marsha almost pin she against a tree . Marsha start cry uncontrollably . Angela get out of the car and cross to Marsha angela we be gonna have so much fun together . just wait . Angela stroke Marsha 's hair . horrify , Marsha pull away . Angela react . angela ( cont 'd ) do not make I hurt you . ext . barney' campsite - dusk scene 72 tony , anita and greg , sit in front of a tent . tony stand up . tony I think we should go look for they . anita I , too . greg but barney tell we to wait . maybe it 's some kind of a test . tony they leave three hour ago , man . angela' voice hello . they turn . angle on angela at the edge of camp . she cross with a slight limp over to the group . angela barney want to see all of we at the main camp . Marsha 's there , too . we be suppose to play a trust game together . greg where have you guy be ? angela it 's a long story . dissolve to : ext . MAIN camp - night scene 73 greg , tony and anita stand next to each other in front of the cabin . tony and greg 's inner leg and arm have already be tie together with rope ; they arm tie behind they back . tony and anitta 's inner arm have also be tie together behind they back . Angela finish tie tony and anita 's inner leg together as they talk . tony ( to Angela ) how come you do not have to be tie up ? angela Cause barney say so . anita when 's he get here ? angela I tell you . anytime now . anita this be bullshit . angela do not swear . it will be fun . greg say you mama . Angela finish tie they up . angela good . all set . she cross to a nearby tree . a rope hang from the tree , tie to a low branch . Angela look o.s. angela here come barney now . the other look o.s. greg where ? angela I think I see he . never mind . Angela turn in the opposite direction . angela ( cont 'd ) be that he ? they turn . nothing . angela nope . just my eye play trick on I , I guess . she take a knife out of she back pocket , then look up . angela ( cont 'd ) oh . there he be . she cut the rope with the knife . new angle barney 's bloody body , tie to the rope , fall from the tree and hang in front of they . greg , tony and anita scream . angela barney ! thanks for drop in . she turn to the group . angela ( cont 'd ) time to play . the object of this game be to stay alive . the rule be simple . Marsha be in one of the three cabin before you . be she in cabin number one I cabin number two , or cabin number Three ? you have exactly two minute to find out . if you try to run away , I will kill you . if you do not find she , I will kill you . and if you try to hurt I in anyway , I will kill you . any question ? the three , terrify , say nothing . angela ( cont 'd ) Fine . good luck ! she look at she watch . angela ( cont 'd ) on you mark ... get set ... go ! they do not move . Angela cross to they , brandish she knife . angela ( cont 'd ) you think I be joke ? she slashes the knife across greg 's cheek . blood start seeping through the cut . angela ( cont 'd ) I be dead serious . and you have just lose fifteen second . tony she will kill we ! let 's go ! greg , tony and anita struggle to the first cabin , climb the stair and enter . int . first cabin - continuous scene 74 shine they flashlight in the dark cabin , the three quickly cross to a form under the cover of one of the bed . tony Marsha ! greg pull back the cover . Jan. burnt to a crisp . they react , and turn to the bathroom . tony ( cont 'd ) Marsha ! int . first cabin' bathroom - continuous scene 75 they enter and see : angle on cindy body propped up on the bathroom counter . her skull smashed ; she face cover in blood . hysterical , they exit . int . first cabin be MAIN room - continuous scene 76 the three head for the counselor 's room . they open the door . there p.o.v. : peter lying against the wall . like Jan , burnt . unlike Jan , he face blow off . ext . first cabin - continuous scene 77 Angela check she watch as the three exit the cabin and head for the second cabin . angela a minute and a half to go ! they quickly enter the second cabin . int . second cabin - continuous scene 78 the three enter and almost stumble over snowboy 's torch body lay on the floor . anita scream . they open the counselor 's door . riff , hang from above the door , swing down in front of they . anita I can not take it ! we have gotta stop ! tony no ! they move on to the bathroom . a severe arm hang from the doorway . int . second cabin - bathroom scene 79 they enter to find another severe arm on the floor . Bobby 's bloody , armless body be propped up in the corner . ext . second cabin - night scene 80 they exit . all three have go over the edge . they head for the third cabin : Angela 's old cabin from last year . angela two down . one to go . you have get forty second leave . int . angela' old cabin - night scene 81 greg , tony , and anita enter . the room be empty . tony Marsha ! silence . then , from the counselor 's room , they hear crying . tony ( cont 'd ) Marsha ! they rush to the door . just as they open it : there p.o.v. : marsha in the middle of the room . her arm and leg hogtie with rope .. berman 's burnt corpse lean against one side of she . lilly 's decapitate cadaver lean against the other . marsha don 't ! various angle a hatchet and a double -edge ax , tie to rope and weight with brick , swiftly swing down from the top of the doorway . the ax hit anita in she chest . the hatchet hit greg in he abdomen . blood gush from they wound . tony and Marsha horrify beyond belief , react . dying , they body slump . tony struggle to support they dead weight . tony no !!! new angle Angela enter . angela congratulation . you make it . with seven second to go . you be both nice kid . if you ask I , the other two be kinda boring . she turn . angela ( cont 'd ) I have get to be go . the phone line have be cut . but there 's a pay phone at a little store about three mile from here . she cross to the cabin door . then turn back to tony . angela ( cont 'd ) I have to admit , I have a crush on you . but you and Marsha look good together . and as my aunt always say , " there 's plenty of fish in the sea . " bye . she exit . tony drop down to Marsha . tony Marsha - but Marsha do not hear he . with all she strength , she lift she hogtie leg and arm up in the air . then bring they swiftly down on the double - edge ax wedge in anita 's body . the rope slice in two . ext . MAIN camp area - night scene 82 angle on the back of angela as she walk toward the Jeep . sfx : a woman scream . Angela turn around . angela' p.o.v. : marsha scream at the top of her lung and brandish the ax , she run straight towards Angela . new angle Angela , terrify , run with all she might . but she ankle sprain slow she down . various angle in slow motion Marsha chase Angela . Angela run faster . Angela fall , but somehow manage to get up and run again . Marsha catch up and swing the ax at Angela . she miss . Angela try to get away , but Marsha give the ax another swing and hit Angela in the arm . the ax fall . Angela , hold she arm , fall to the ground . Marsha go for the ax . Angela trip she . Angela , with she knife , stab Marsha across the leg . she try to stab she again , but Marsha grab the knife . angle in regular time Marsha still scream , stab Angela repeatedly in the torso . tony ( 0.s. ) stop it , Marsha ! stop it ! Marsha look up . she break down , crying bitterly . angle on angela angela ( whisper ) you try to be nice to someone , and look what happen . her eye close . sfx : siren ext . road - night scene 83 angle on a police car speed down the road , siren blaring . int . police car - continuous scene 84 a policeman drive . tony and Marsha sit in the back . both be bandage . silence , then tony turn to Marsha . tony ( tenderly ) you okay ? Marsha nod . tony ( cont 'd ) you sure ? marsha ( softly ) yeah . tony I love you so much . Marsha weakly smile . he kiss she a the forehead . tony everything 's gonna be fine . I will move to Ohio . we can be together forever . we will get marry . marsha tony - tony yeah ? marsha I kinda already have a boyfriend . beat . marcia ( cont 'd ) but you can always visit . on tony 's reaction : ext . road - night scene 85 a ambulance , with light and siren , speed down the road . int . ambulance - continuous scene 86 Angela , eye close , lie on a gurney . she be cover in bandage . a i.v. be connect to she arm . a fat paramedic watch she on one side , a redneck policeman on the other . a stern -looking man drive . paramedic she 's still alive . policeman ( to paramedic ) let 's kill she . nobody '1l know . paramedic I dunno ... angle on angela policeman come on . she do not deserve to live . paramedic it would be easy to do . Angela 's eye open . policeman it would put a stop to all of this . it 's gotta end sometime . angle on the hypo in angela' arm as Angela rip it out . angle on the policeman as Angela stab the policeman in the heart with the hypo . c.u. : paramedic as the hypo be stab deep into he eye . then into he neck . angle on angela lay back down on the gurney . ambulance driver ( 0.s. ) hey ! what 's happen back there ? angela ( whisper ) just take care of business . she smile . and shut she eye . fade out . fade up : close credit and - rap music . angela' voice ( rapping ) angel be pretty , angel can fly , and here 's a angel that can make you die . you have get no style , you have get no flair , all you do be fight and swear . so say you prayer , and make amend , Cause you life story be about to end . loud , frightening music begins and continue during the remaining credit . fade out . script from http://www.sleepawaycampfilms.com