sleepy hollow be the true storie of one ichabod crane and the headless horseman Kevin yagher and Andrew Kevin Walker base on " the legend of sleepy hollow " by Washington Irving screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker third draft 4/10/95 a pleasing land of drowsy head it be , of dream that wave before the half shut eye ... ext . gnarle forest -- night a ugly man charge through on a horse , hold a lantern forward on a long pole . he look back , terrify . insert title : 1799 sleepy hollow , New York thunderous hoofbeat be heard behind . the ugly man glance back again . his lantern swing wild ... shatter against a tree . the jamme - up pole slam the ugly man off he horse ... he hit the ground . he run , trip , fall and scramble up . deep in the forest , we glimpse the source of the hoofbeat : a huge form on a huge black horse , already go . the ugly man push through thorny bush . jag branch slit he hand and cheek . he burst from the briar patch and tumble to a trail . he lift he bloody face . he run . in the forest behind : the hoof of the black horse rip underbrush . hoofbeat deafening . a spur dig into the snort steed 's already bleed flank . the pursuer 's glove hand draw a sword , blade ringing . on the trail , the ugly man run on . the shrill whistle of a sword swing be heard as the pursuer blur past . the ugly man be still run when he head loll back , at a impossible angle ... tumble off he shoulder ... his headless body hit the dirt . ext . CITY street -- night empty cobblestone street . crook building . a rapidly clanging bell break the silence from afar . insert title : New York City two constable clamor round a corner , lantern hold high , listen . they rush into a alleyway . elsewhere , pier border the Hudson River . the bell be louder . the two constable arrive , search . no one around . constable one heft he pistol , scared . constable one where be you ?! man' voice ( o.s. ) here ! over here ! they hurry to the river 's edge . down a hill , the man , another constable , stand with he back to we . he 's waist deep in water , toss away he alarm bell . man I need you help with this . constable two cross on the peir above . constable one move forward , wary . the man grunt , lift something . constable one constable crane ? ichabod crane ... be that you ? the man turn . meet ichabod crane , handsome , eye pierce . ichabod yes , it be I . but , not only I ... ( lift , struggle ) I find someone here ... he drag a bloat male corpse up from the murky water . ichabod someone quite dead . ext . watchhouse / jail -- night the elderly high constable lift a blanket off the corpse on a wheelbarrow manned by constable two . a snobby magistrate look , disgust . constable one and ichabod wait . high constable burn it . constable one yes , sir . constable two wheel the corpse inside . ichabod 's dismay . ichabod just a moment ... if I may . it be possible this man be murder . high constable he drown . anyone could see . ichabod there be surgical way of tell how he die ... by the water in he lung ... ichabod follow the High constable and magistrate in . int . watchhouse , night watch quarter -- night constable two wheel the body ahead past many " book " table . a jailer move to unlock a massive door . high constable he will be burn pursuant to statute of health . ichabod I could determine if he be dead before he go into the Hudson . high constable must we again hear this heretical ranting ? magistrate yes , must we ? ichabod there be nothing heretical about science , sir . the chinese have write on it for hundred of year ... procedural study use to solve seemingly unsolvable crime . the door be open . the corpse again lead the way . int . watchhouse , jail -- night a two -tier prison , alive with moan of agony and cry of insanity . cell be full of wretch man in chain and iron gag . many be against the bar , watch . ichabod we first night watch be adequate against fire and some violence , but if we be more often able to ensure justice , after the fact , then criminal would truly have something to fear from law enforcement . high constable have they nothing to fear presently ? ichabod without disrespect , look around you . ( motion to cell ) we overflow . as do we court . high constable and , with disrespect , constable , if jail and court overflow , it be testimony to success , not failure . ichabod but , how many innocent rot here ? and , how many victim be bury without reprisal while guilty man roam we street ? the High constable reach a desk , take a seat . Guards wait to process beat , bloody prisoner . high constable very few , if any . ichabod even though I have see confession pried from the lip of the accuse , often quite literally ? high constable for one who call himself a federalist , you mouth reek of Republican liberalism . ichabod not liberalism . equanimity . magistrate ( to High constable ) um , sir ... might I suggest ... the magistrate whisper in the High constable 's ear . ichabod notice with worry that constable one and two wheel the corpse onwards into another room . the magistrate finish . the High constable smile faintly . high constable ( to ichabod ) there be a farming community upstate , constable ... ten day journey north in the Hudson highlands . it be name sleepy hollow . within a fortnight , three person have be murder there . each with they head lopped cleanly off . ( hold up papers ) the elder of the hollow have send dispatch to I , request assistance , and now , just this very moment , I have choose you . ichabod chosen I ? high constable this " method " of yours ... there have be no practical application . ichabod not for lack of try . high constable just so . grant . and so you take you experimentation to sleepy hollow and catch the murderer who have taint the place . bring he here to face we good justice . will you do this for I ? ichabod ( swallow doubt ) I shall , gladly . high constable excellent . then , you be excuse till morning . ichabod move away , head to where the corpse be take . high constable oh , and , constable ... ( off ichabod 's look ) do make certain that you meet with success . otherwise ... perhaps you should not come back at all . the High constable smile a sardonic smile . int . watchhouse , incineration room -- night the corpse burn in a raging furnace . flesh sizzle . constable one pump bellow which fan the flame . ichabod step from darkness nearby . he watch with bitter regret as the corpse be consume . ext . CITY -- day market town street bustle . filthy . Pigs roam free . int . ichabod be home , second floor -- day decorate in early - american mad scientist : book , papers and jar of chemical . chart of anatomy above a small bed . ichabod ( o.s. ) such a day for such a sad farewell . but , this be goodbye , my sweet . at the window , ichabod hold a bird cage with a red cardinal inside . he open the cage . the bird fly free . ichabod watch it go , then look down . a coach halt in the street below . the forlorn driver look up . int . ichabod's coach -- day in motion . ichabod absently study he hand , touch the strange scar on both palm : evenly disperse , tiny dot of tissue . many scar . ichabod lift a leather satchel , check its content . ext . upstate forest -- day two family of migrant worker travel a path , lead over - burden horse . ichabod 's coach approach from the other direction . ichabod look out , unnerve . one gaunt man watch ichabod pass . there be a dead , worried look in the man 's eye . other stare at ichabod . ext . sleepy hollow , the long straight road -- day ichabod face two massive , vine- cover pillar , unsure . he turn to watch the driver lead the coach away . ichabod walk between the pillar to a long straight road . he do not notice , above : three dead raven hang from a tree limb , twine wrap round they neck . ext . sleepy hollow , town square -- day ichabod walk on with baggage . the square be empty , a church and graveyard at one end . the road ahead be border by business and home . conversation drift from a tavern . a criminal sit in stock . a quiet crying be heard . ichabod hear ... he look for its source . it 's from a window above , louder . sound like the sobbing of a old woman . ext . van tassel estate -- day ichabod be p.o.v. : a belltower stand tall , like a mast pole with a crow 's nest basket atop . there 's a man in the basket and a huge bell . ichabod ponder this as he continue . ahead on a hill : the grand Van tassel manor House . int . van tassel manor house , sitting room -- day many child , in a circle , taunt a blindfolded young woman spun round by the handsome , barrel - chest man , brom van brunt . a few young men and lady watch . brom release the woman . everyone quiet and avoid she search hand . blindfolded woman this be such a silly game . brom be a sport and stop complain . the woman move to brom 's voice . he back away , flanke by peer glenn and theodore . Children laugh . ichabod enter , clear he throat . no one notice . the blindfolded woman keep grasp . one little girl see ichabod and go to he , finger to she lip . little girl play along . you must . she tug he . before ichabod can protest , he be place in the blindfolded woman 's grip . blindfolded woman there , I have someone . be I finish ? little girl you have to tell who it be . the woman touch ichabod 's face . he be uncomfortable , affect by this caress . brom watch jealously . little girl at least make a guess . blindfolded woman I do not know . be it brom Bones ? brom certainly not . ichabod Excuse I , miss ... ( take she hand ) they have a laugh at you expense . she take the kerchief off to reveal a stun beauty : katrina van tassel . ichabod try to compose himself . katrina forgive I , I do not know . ichabod I ... I be look for baltus Van tassel . brom we have not hear you name yet , friend . ichabod well , unless you name be baltus , you should not worry over mine . brom grab ichabod 's collar , piss . ichabod 's baffle . brom you need some manners . katrina brom ! brom look at she , then reluctantly release ichabod . man' voice ( o.s . ) what be this , then ... ? baltus van tassel , 45 , have enter , a work - class aristocrat . lady van tassel , 40 , stand behind , a mix of home - spun wife and well - keep lady . baltus can I help you , sir ? ichabod 's relieved to have a proper focal point . Children gather around Katrina and hide behind she . ichabod I have be send from the city with a letter of introduction . I be tell you offer I room and board . ichabod hand over papers . baltus read , furrow he brow . ichabod if we could speak alone . baltus ( nod , look to Katrina ) this be not a time for frivolity , Katrina , be it ? be I mistaken ? katrina they be only child , father . baltus snort , then exit with ichabod . the other huddle to gossip , except Katrina , who move beside Lady Van tassel to watch ichabod and baltus walk down the hall . int . van tassel house , parlor -- day doctor lancaster , 50 , dour and always sweaty , take a seat by the fire , join baltus and three other elder . a pretty servant , sarah , bring a pipe cradle while Lady Van tassel set down food . ichabod be stand . baltus that will be all , lady . ( wait as they exit ) we be join by Doctor Thomas lancaster , constable . and to he leave be , clergyman steenwyck and we able magistrate , Samuel philipse , both keep order in they own way . philipse be youngest , eye bloodshot , mug in hand and pipe in mouth . clergyman steenwyck be formidably build , wear a constant look of disapproval . baltus I myself be in charge of financial matter and the regulation of currency in we commonwealth . and , lastly , this fine fellow be James hardenbrook , we notary . hardenbrook be oldest , ancient , with one eye pale and blind . ichabod a honor , gentleman . in time I will need every detail of the three murdering you have have , but , for now , I ask only if you have any theory at all as to who the killer might be ? doctor lancaster Excuse I ? ichabod I say , be there any one person suspect in this act ? doctor lancaster I be afraid of this . philipse shoot a look to baltus . angst amongst the elder . philipse well , constable ... be you aware ... to be honest , you be not what we expect . we send for the militia . ichabod the militia ? father steenwyck why not tell we what you have hear ? hmm ? how much have you superior bother to tell you ? ichabod all I know be three be slain , they head find severe from they body ... father steenwyck the head be not find severe . the head be not find at all . withere hardenbrook lean forward , he voice cragge . hardenbrook taken . taken by the headless horseman . taken back to hell . ichabod pardon I ? baltus you have not be well inform of we trouble , sir . if you would ... baltus gesture for ichabod to sit . baltus light he pipe . baltus the horseman ... he be a hessian mercenary , send to we shore by german prince to help keep Americans under the thumb of England . however , unlike he compatriot who come as muscle in trade for currency , he come willingly . for love of carnage . flashback -- american battlefield -- day the hessian horseman ride he black steed into a gory , close - quarter clash , he cloak uniform adorn with edge weapon . he cut down Americans leave and right . baltus ( v.o. ) he be infamous for take he horse , daredevil , hard into battle ... chopping off head at full gallop . he dismount , hoist a battle axe . with sword and axe , he annihilate . blood gush . Bones crack . baltus ( v.o. ) just to look on he make you blood run cold , for he have file down he tooth to rapier ... to add to the ferocity of he appearance . the horseman let out a war cry . jag tooth . grotesque . forest battlefield -- day Winter . cannon can be heard booming from afar . daredevil lie dead in red snow . follow footprint away ... baltus ( v.o. ) he would not finally meet he end till the winter of seventy - nine , when New York City be hold by Henry Clinton and Washington occupy West Point . it be between that two place , not far from here ... the horseman flee , cloak flow , chase by five rag- tag revolutionary soldier . ahead , a steep , rocky area prevent escape . soldier one aim a rifle and fire ... blood explode from the horseman 's arm as he run . his sword fall from he now functionless hand . soldier two grab the sword . at the rock , the horseman face the man . another rifleman raise he rifle . the horseman reach over he shoulder to grasp a sheathed knife , throws -- thock ! the rifleman jerk back , knife in he eye socket . the horseman ready a axe . the revolutionary move in with sword . they battle , steel against steel . the horseman fend off blow from all side . soldier Three lunge , stab he blade deep into the horseman 's side . the horseman roar , bring he axe down ... break the sword at the hilt ... a upward stroke send soldier Three head over heel in a fountain of blood . the horseman stagger , howling , try to pull the blade from he rib . the remain soldier close in . int . van tassel house , sitting room -- night pipe smoke waft from philipse 's mouth . philipse cut off he head with he own sword . it 's a legend tell for twenty year . baltus but , only recently have the headless hessian be see prowling the hollow , in search of a head to suit he shoulder . ichabod just a moment ... ( sit back , incredulous ) be you say it be he ? hardenbrook ( aggravate , loud ) when a goblin leap from the nether world , other follow . poltergeist of the air , water and earth follow and cheer he desecration ! hardenbrook bang he cane on a table . baltus put a calming hand on senile hardenbrook 's shoulder . doctor lancaster no one know why he choose to now to climb out from he grave . father steenwyck it be very clear why . citizen here have long try to hide sin behind close door . they fail faith have saturate the soil and call forth one of Satan 's own . ichabod Excuse I , gentleman , but ... who have see this horseman ? baltus many have . ichabod then , name one person who have see he with they own eye . a long wait . no reply from the elder . ichabod rise . ichabod while I will do everything I can to find you assassin , I will look for a man of flesh and blood . not some goblin-demon from hell . ext . belltower field -- early evening the belltower be cover in defensive spike . a man climb down a rope ladder . below , many armed men gather . everyone grim . philipse move to the center , on horseback . philipse Gather round ! Gather and quiet ! the hour have come to choose for this night . each man 's name be in this box and have be check . a box be hand up . ichabod and baltus arrive on foot at the back of the mob . ichabod look ... at a nearby forest , man light torch post in a line border the forest edge for at least a half mile . philipse draw a fold paper from the box , hold it up . philipse May the Lord watch over he ... ( unfold paper ) " Jonathan masbath . " be you here ? jonathan ( o.s. ) I be . I take my responsibility . the crowd part as jonathan masbath , a dirt - poor farmer with a bow and quiver of arrow , move forward . his son , young masbath , 14 , grip he arm . young masbath no , father . wait ... ( up to philipse ) he 's already be up once . why do he go again ? jonathan it be a lottery , son . it just as easily might have be one of they . young masbath then ... I go with you . jonathan no . you obey my wish . ( look to crowd ) brom . look after he , will you ? brom step up , nodd . Jonathan kiss he son 's cheek , then head to the rope ladder . Men pat he on the back . philipse someone leave he a horse . Young masbath watch he father go . brom coax he away . at the back of the crowd , ichabod watch skeptically , look to Young masbath as he and brom pass . ichabod you worry for naught , little man . nothing will harm he there . ( look up , sotto ) it be problem here on the ground you people need begin to worry about . ichabod watch Jonathan climb , very high above . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night ichabod make notation in a ledger book . katrina ( v.o. ) you will dream . Katrina stroll in , sit on the bed . ichabod be nervous . katrina do they tell ? it be something in the air so that dream come to everyone . accord to the elder , a indian prophet hold powwow here before the land be take , and spell cast then still linger to this day . ichabod do you often make a habit of sit on strange men' bed ? katrina you be horribly old - fashioned , be not you ? ichabod feel free to form you own opinion . ( face he ledger ) though it appear you already have . katrina well , I intend to apologize for the behavior of my friend brom Van brunt , but it seem I have make matter worse . ( get up to go ) I will leave you to you business . ichabod Excuse I ... I should apologize . I , um ... I ... have no great love of ... katrina other people ? ichabod small talk . katrina it might have be more . might have be positively grand talk . ichabod offer he chair , back away . see it be the only one , he remain stand . Katrina sit . katrina be it I , or be you this nervous around all woman ? ichabod perhaps it be because you suitor 's hand be recently very nearly wrap around my throat . katrina my suitor ? ichabod the massive fellow ... brom . for someone you call " friend , " he misplace a good portion of jealousy . katrina he have propose to I twice . ichabod which may explain he temperament . to have ask twice mean the answer be " no " at least once . Katrina look down , discard this with a smile . katrina I have read a great deal about you New York City . do be a dear and tell I all about it . sound like a extraordinary place to live a life . ichabod extra ordinary , yes . but first , you tell I about the headless horseman . ext . belltower field -- night the torch burn bright . above , in the belltower , Jonathan masbath load a rifle . thunder boom . Jonathan stand , look to a sky that be all star and moon . a horse be heard shrieking . below , the horse tie at the base of the tower be spook . a commotion be heard , ground rumbling . Jonathan grip a rifle , cock it and move to look ... at the forest edge , a herd of deer stampede out . they sprint past the tower and across the field . Jonathan cross to watch the herd scatter . he cross back to peer at the forest . bad news ... a thick fog creep from the wood . as the fog overtake the base of each torch , a tentacle of mist snake up to the flame , kill it . all along the forest , arm of vapor snuff torch ... one by one by one ... above , Jonathan sight the rifle along the tree . jonathan come out , devil ... come .... int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night ichabod lean on a dresser . Katrina 's still seat . katrina not all think it be the horseman . many say witch come from the western Woods to steal skull for they cauldron . some believe a person in this very town kneel before lucifer , offer death as tribute . and , still other believe none of it . ichabod be you so superstitious ? katrina to call a person superstitious be to imply they fear magic , but not all magic be black . ichabod there be no such thing as magic . katrina really ? then ... what be you rebuttal to that romantic poet claim proof of magic in a rise at full bloom , or even in a teardrop ? ichabod poet have silly notion about plant and bodily secretion . katrina ( laugh ) you be funny . ichabod do not get what 's so funny about that . the distant toll of a bell be heard . Katrina look fearful . she go to open a window . the bell toll ... ext . sleepy hollow , overview -- night ... toll mournfully over farm and forest ... ext . farm -- night ... toll as a man come from he barn , listen , then sprinting towards he home . ext . town square -- night ... toll across the desert square . window go dark . shutter be slam shut . ext . van tassel house -- night ... toll . ichabod bound out to the lawn , halting to listen . Katrina and baltus come out on the porch . baltus constable , where be you go !? ... toll ... toll ... then , silence . ichabod chase away . baltus come back , sir ... ( watch he go ) madness . baltus usher Katrina back in . the door slam . ext . belltower field -- night ichabod charge across the rocky field . he slow , awed ... the belltower be down , its mast be splinter . the horse be go . ichabod move to where the crow 's nest lie smashed . no sign of Jonathan . ext . sleepy hollow forest -- night Jonathan run past , grip he bow . it 's quiet ... till hoofbeat be heard in pursuit . tree be silhouett against the sky . as hoofbeat get louder , branch bend like arm and finger yearn to touch . as hoofbeat roar past , the tree relax . further on , Jonathan run . wind begin to blow . behind , in motion , we see daredevil 's snort visage ; eye lizard - like , with vertical slit literally aglow . the horseman 's hand yank a wooden war hammer from a saddle mount . ( no clear view of the horseman . ) horseman' p.o.v. : close in on Jonathan . Jonathan be overtaken . the horseman swing the hammer whoomp -- send Jonathan sprawling . hoofbeat fade . Jonathan try to get up , but pain shoot through he . he crawl to retrieve he bow . against a tree , he take a arrow from he shoulder quiver and ready it . wait . a metal tapping be heard o.s. clink ... clink ... clink . a horse snort . Jonathan pull the bow taut , pain , lip bloody . elsewhere , daredevil approach slow . the horseman tap he sword on he spur , clink ... clink ... clink ... foliage move as the horseman 's form push through . Jonathan release -- the arrow whistle ... thwack ! -- imbed in the horseman 's chest . clink ... clink ... clink ... continue -- Jonathan ready a second arrow . pull and release -- o.s. thwack ! clink ... clink ... clink ... Jonathan cry out , crawl away desperately . crawl through underbrush , over root and rock . clink ... clink ... clink ... Jonathan give up , spend , face to the dirt . he close he eye . clinking stop . daredevil halt astride Jonathan ; two leg on each side of Jonathan 's body . ext . sleepy hollow farmland -- morning baltus and a large , dullardly man ride . behind , ichabod ride with magistrate philipse . ichabod be not adept at riding he old nag , gunpowder . ichabod the Van garrett die first ; a man and he son , survive by a wife and two infant . and the widow Windsor be next ... philipse and now Jonathan masbath . ichabod ( look back , ponder ) why would he flee this direction , with so much open ground to cross before he reach cover ? philipse he would not have go into the western Woods . no sane man would . philipse drink from a whiskey flask , see ichabod watch and offer some . ichabod decline . philipse Van ripper there ... ahead , the dullard , van ripper , sloppily spit tobacco . philipse ... find the body this morning . ( pause ) you do believe now , do not you ? ichabod believe ? lady van tassel you say yourself . what mere man could have down the belltower ? ichabod it be a prime tenet of science , philipse , that because one thing appear improbable do not mean you embrace the utterly fantastical . philipse you need less big word , and more common sense . philipse finger a iron key talisman he wear on a cord . ichabod what be that you wear ? philipse my talisman . it will , protect against the horseman if I show a brave face . but , I can not run . if I run in fear , it be worthless . ichabod well ... so much for common sense . ext . sleepy hollow forest , further on -- morning brom and baltus stand at a horse's corpse amongst jag boulder . the flesh have be stripped , gut expose . philipse and ichabod arrive and dismount . baltus be this Jonathan 's ? brom yes . seem he panicked across here and break two leg . ichabod who take the meat ? baltus must have be the redman . a lenape indian life in the western Woods . ichabod this wood of yours sound a bit crowded , what with all the witch , ghoul and Indians live there . brom climb up onto he own horse , a black beauty . brom there 's only one lenape . he eat small animal and lose child ... and the occasional constable when he can get it . brom ride . ichabod go to the dead horse , dig in he satchel for a thin iron tool , which he use it to pry off one horseshoe . a whistle be heard o.s . everyone look far ahead to where Van ripper have ride . the doctor and other be there . Van ripper wave . int . forest , masbath murder site -- morning Doctor lancaster stand with several armed men . a coffin on a cart be cover by a blanket . ichabod be crouch nearby . ichabod why do you move the body , Doctor ? doctor lancaster to place it inside its coffin . ichabod , nod , vaguely annoyed . he put the horseshoe into a hoofprint in the dirt . it fit . ichabod rise , walk , study the ground , kick up leave . brom , Van ripper , baltus and philipse watch . ichabod find a deep hoofprint . huge . he compare the horseshoe . the hoofprint be much larger . ichabod pull he satchel off he shoulder , take out a bowl , bottle of water and bag of brown powder ; begin mixing water and powder with a fork to make plaster . the other watch , find this bizarre , whisper . brom come up to stand over ichabod , irritate . brom what the hell be you do ? ichabod ( ignore pause ) you be the blacksmith . ever shod a horse with a hoof this large ? brom never . a shoe that size I would have remember . ichabod start to fill the print with plaster . ichabod Van ripper . can you show where the body lay ? van ripper I can show exactly . Van ripper dismount , wiping tobacco drool . ichabod rise to follow with he satchel . van ripper here ... in front of this oak , face north . horrible ... ichabod to the best of you recollection , where do the open wound fall ? Van ripper point . ichabod take a bottle of white powder from he pocket . he uncork the bottle , cautiously pour powder in a x on the dirt there , then wait . a chemical reaction cause the powder to bubble a bit . ichabod there be not much blood , be there ? van ripper I do not see none . ichabod stand , puzzle . he walk to the coffin cart , roll up he sleeve . other come to watch , but keep distance . ichabod remove the blanket ... reveal Jonathan 's headless corpse . philipse can not look . ichabod take strange spectacle from he satchel ; wire - frame with many lense . magnification spectacle . he examine the gross neck wound , sniff it . he poke the flesh and severe spinal cord . ichabod no bleed . doctor lancaster what be that ? ichabod this should have ble by the pint . yet , no blister or scorched flesh . how ... ? whatever weapon be use ... it cauterize somehow .... ichabod straighten , eye weirdly big in the spectacle . ichabod it instantly burnt the wound shut . ext . churchyard and cemetery -- day a coffin in a grave . headstone read " masbath , 1799 . " a crowd gather . Young masbath brood . clergyman steenwyck step forward to take a handful of newly dig dirt . Men with gun stand at the outskirt , like on guard . steenwyck sprinkle dirt into the grave with prayerful word . in the crowd people whisper . they steal glance at ichabod , who stand with the Van tassel . int . van tassel house , dine / various room -- day dining room . Sarah and two other servant collect plate . a few people still sup , include Van ripper , he warty wife and two kid . Van ripper guzzle ale , laugh at something he also-drunk wife say . in the hall and foyer , funeral goer socialize quietly . further on , in the sitting room , man smoke . Young masbath be confront ichabod , who be leave ... ichabod I be not here for revenge . I be here to bring justice . young masbath whatever . you still need a second to tend to you thing . ichabod I manage fine alone . young masbath I deserve to help you . do not you see how much this mean ? my father ... he ... he be a good man ... ichabod ( face masbath ) Young masbath , I be sorry for you loss . it be a great and sad tragedy . however ... I can not be the one to look after you now . young masbath ( angry ) I do not ask you to , do I ? Young masbath exit . ichabod remain impassive . ext . van tassel house , front porch -- day ichabod come out . killian , a dashingly rustic man , carry he son , thomas , 5 , and chat with baltus . Doctor lancaster peer off at something through a spyglass . baltus hail , constable . how be you ? ichabod well enough . you gather do honor to the decease . doctor lancaster ( still use spyglass ) we must be a curious sight to he . ichabod what be you spying on ? doctor lancaster ( offer the spyglass ) the lenape . he come to gawk at civilization from time to time . ichabod's point of view -- through spyglass search a line of tree and foliage far away ... doctor lancaster ( o.s . ) do you see the redskinned bastard ? there he be -- the lenape . a tower savage with misshapen feature cover in tumor . he duck away . back to scene on porch ichabod lower the spyglass , a little awed . ichabod he be a behemoth . doctor lancaster a disease monster . baltus if you gentleman will excuse the doctor and I ... we have financial matter to discuss . ichabod and killian nod as baltus and lancaster head in . killian master crane , sir . I be glad we have time alone . you have be tell plenty about the horseman , I be certain . ichabod more than enough , actually . ( tired laugh ) I beg you , no more , please . killian no , sir , no . if you ask I , I say you just laid eye on we murderer through that glass . ichabod ponder , fold the spyglass . ichabod tell I something . ( pause ) what become of Young masbath ? killian Van ripper and he wife agree to take he . they have child and a good home and good land . ichabod nod . he turn to look through the window . in the dine room , Van ripper rise , ill . his wife question he health , but he hold she off and vomit . ichabod note this with a deep sigh . ext . van tassel orchard -- early evening ocher dusk . ichabod ride to Young masbath , seat on the ground , miserable . Young masbath do not look up . ichabod find yourself a place in the servant ' residence and wake I before dawn . we first task will be a unsavory one . ichabod ride . Young masbath run to he horse and follow . ext . churchyard and cemetery -- dawn steenwyck be on horseback , look down at ichabod , furious . father steenwyck it be sacrilege ! ichabod I cannot proceed without examine the previous victim . steenwyck look to man with shovel . killian 's there . philipse , hung-over , stand beside Young masbath . father steenwyck magistrate philipse , surely you can stop this . philipse just look up with a helpless expression . father steenwyck I will not allow it . I will not ! ichabod protest to my superior if you like . father steenwyck you superior be two day away ! ichabod then , you should have leave two day ago , because I have man willing to help I today . ichabod motion . killian lead the man to the graveyard . steenwyck watch , enraged . he kick he horse and ride . philipse look worried . ext . churchyard and cemetery -- later morning ( time CUT ) a psalm be heard read by steenwyck o.s. while a coffin be exhume . ichabod guide the lift . the coffin be put near the headstone " windsor . " ichabod look ... at the church , steenwyck face about fifty people who now take up the prayer . across the cemetery , two coffin , one small , one large , be pried open . " van garrett , 1799 . " killian lead the effort with Young masbath 's aid ... the lid come off , revealing the headless body of a man and a little boy . Young masbath back away . at the " windsor " coffin , nail creak as ichabod open the lid . we do not see inside , but when ichabod do , he be aghast . he look to the man , angry . ichabod why be I not tell of this ? no answer . killian arrive , nod solemnly . killian the widow Windsor . ichabod be that all you say ? look at she . killian it 's not something people speak of openly . she do not remarry . ichabod kneel , study . now , we see : the belly of the headless corpse be bulbous , because the widow Windsor be very far along in a pregnancy . ichabod notice : a tear in the cloth of widow 's blouse . he reach through the tear , feel the stomach . he straighten , greatly troubled . int . doctor' residence , medical room -- morning scissor cut open the widow 's blouse . there 's a inch-long wound on the molder belly ; a sword puncture . ichabod examine the corpse on a table . lancaster watch , anxiously mop he face . Young masbath 's in a corner . ichabod go to write in he ledger full of note . ichabod what be the common thread between this victim ? young masbath I be sure I do not know . ichabod we must discover it . the reason the murderer choose this person . ichabod go to look at the widow 's corpse , ponder . ichabod the wound be the same . cauterize . no chopping or half - measure either . one stroke take the head . have you see , doctor ... ? ( point to it ) even the spinal bone ... slice as smooth as butter . doctor lancaster I do not care . you be welcome to use my work area , but I beg you ... return she to she rest place . ichabod in time , doctor . soon as I finish . ichabod pick up a iron knife . he look to Young masbath . ichabod you should step outside . ext . churchyard cemetery -- early evening ichabod and other restore grave . ichabod look to the church , where clergyman steenwyck stand in the door . father steenwyck the devil send you , ichabod crane . the Lord will not forgive you sin . steenwyck shut the creaky door . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night ichabod sleep , dream ... ichabod's dream -- farmland -- day a young boy , 10 , stand in a wheat field with he back to we . a female voice be heard faintly , get louder . female voice ( o.s. ) ichabod ! ichabod ... come along . the boy , young ichabod , turn , smile . he run . we follow to a clear behind a frontier home . mother wait . Lovely woman . she kiss he . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod's bedroom -- night Dark . Young ichabod , in bed , have one eye open . across the room , mother have she back to he . she 's whispering something to no one . she turn ... Young ichabod pretend he be asleep . a drawer be heard shutting . mother exit . ichabod get up , curious , open a drawer ... find something behind clothing . it 's a piece of reed grass , woven into a elaborate pattern with shaft of wheat twisted into the center . Young ichabod replace it , close the drawer . ichabod's dream -- market square -- day a busy , muddy street line by ware and produce . Young ichabod walk with father , a emotionless man . Father stop to examine tool . Young ichabod stay by he , but something capture he attention ... across the way , mother be involved in a argument with a freakish - looking woman . they shout . people stop to watch . can not make out word , but freakish woman be furious . ichabod's dream -- STORM sky -- night lightning flash over tree top . thunder boom . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night ichabod jerk awake in he bed . int . van tassel house , kitchen -- night ichabod enter with a lantern and he ledger . he sit , study note , then notice there 's a light down the hall . int . van tassel house , sewing room -- night opposite a elaborate loom , Katrina read by candlelight . she look up , see ichabod enter . ichabod sorry for disturbing you . I think a forget candle be burn . Katrina self - consciously close she shabby book , put it with another on she lap and cover they . katrina you do not disturb I . please stay . have trouble sleep ? ichabod May I ask ... why do you cover you book that way ? katrina you pay great attention to small thing . I hide this as I hide all my book . Father would not approve , lest it be the Bible . ichabod I , um ... I have something to show you , if you have a moment . ichabod sit , look through he ledger . katrina this be strange ... may I ? she take he hand , spread the finger to the palm . she touch the many evenly space scar . katrina this scar . how do you get they ? ichabod I have have they since childhood . I can not remember what from . katrina it would be interesting to find out . they eye meet . ichabod get back to the ledger . Katrina seem to relish the effect she have . ichabod find a paper disk on string , illustrate thusly : ichabod here it be . a bird on one side . his cage on the other . now , stare at it . ( spin it ) the bird seem to be in he cage . katrina yes , he do . May I try ? ichabod give it . she spin it , smile . ichabod he only appear to be inside the cage . the point be ... katrina you make this , and the drawing ? ichabod yes , but listen . the illusion be easily explain . the eye retain each image , till they combine . and yet , some would call this toy magic . katrina do not you see why ? look closely a moment . put you intellect aside . ( spin it ) can not you see what be inexplicable ? ichabod watch it spin . he shake he head , unimpress . katrina oh , you be hopeless . May I keep it at least ? ichabod if you want . but ... katrina then , I also have a gift for you . true magic which even you will not be able to deny . she hand he a book . " romeo and juliet . " ichabod stand , offer it back , but she will not take it . ichabod thank you . no. here ... katrina I insist that you have it . ichabod ( resign , leave ) very well . but , it will only sit gather dust . katrina that would be a pity . that word might show you something you have never see before . ichabod stop at the door , look back . he exit . ext . van tassel house -- night a light glow in ichabod 's window . looking in : ichabod 's in bed , fully dress . he sit up . pause . he cross to pick up " Romeo and juliet . " he begin to read . ext . philipse's farm -- dusk ichabod walk with philipse . Young masbath follow with the horse . cicadas chatter from a vast corn field . philipse not more than a year ago , a mob hang a man for steal a horse . for steal a horse ! and , you dig up we dead . ichabod be you say I should be frighten ? be this a message pass on from clergyman steenwyck ? the cicadas suddenly go silent . Young masbath notice . philipse we be farmer here , not lawyer or banker , or even constable . every penny we earn come from what we send down the Hudson . ichabod I know it . young masbath um .... excuse I , sir ... philipse ( still to ichabod ) because of the horseman , we migrant worker flee for they life . there be a danger that we crop will rot . so , if you be go to help we , you stop the horseman . that be you task ... to kill a undead thing . Young masbath look to a fence graze area , worried . the sheep there be agitate , all run one direction away . ichabod listen to what you say .... philipse no , you listen ! you may think we be a pack of superstitious dullard ... ichabod at time I do . young masbath sir ... please ! philipse what will it take for you to realize this be no laugh matter ? the horse go crazy , bray and rear . the rein yank Young masbath off he foot as the horse flee . ichabod and philipse look to masbath . a SOUND be heard , distant : thundering hoofbeat . wind kick up . hoofbeat seem to come from all direction . philipse look to the corn field . a flock of bird alight ; a great sheet of black against the sky . philipse oh my ... oh my oh my oh my ... philipse run towards he house , past masbath . hoofbeat be louder , closer . ichabod face the corn field . the field explode open , stalk bend to make way as the headless horseman gallop into view atop daredevil . Young masbath run , follow philipse . ichabod 's stunne . he look down to draw he flintlock pistol , but the horseman blow by before he can raise it . a blast of air knock ichabod off he foot . the horseman chase masbath and philipse . ichabod follow . the horseman draw he sword . Young masbath fall in the grass ... daredevil 's pound hoof will certainly crush he . daredevil leap over Young masbath , continue the charge . philipse have a long way to go before home . he look over he shoulder . no way he will make it . ichabod , run , watch philipse slow . philipse gather all he courage and stop , turn . the horseman be close , sword hold high . philipse raise he talisman . ichabod philipse ! philipse hold the talisman up , try to be fearless . the horseman swing -- we hear the clank of sword on talisman ... philipse 's severe head spin . his body fall and fold . ichabod run past Young masbath . the horseman halt just as ichabod reach a point in front of dead philipse , aim he pistol . daredevil let out a screechy cry . the horseman ride toward ichabod . ichabod get on one knee , try to steady he pistol . the horseman close . ichabod sweat bullet . fire ... the slug slam the horseman dead center -- burst through and rend he uniform without slow he . the horseman be almost on ichabod . ichabod cringe , arm up ... as the horseman pass . the horseman lean to skewer philipse 's head with he sword . with the head as he prize , the horseman race away . ichabod get up , watch the horseman head to the forest . ichabod look to Young masbath , find he leg will not support he , fall , tremble . thunder bellows . int . van tassel house , second floor hall -- night Lady Van tassel come to a door , knock . Sarah stand behind with a tray of food . Young masbath be seat near . lady van tassel ( to Young masbath ) have he not come out at all ? Young masbath shake he head . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night knocking be heard . ichabod sleep restlessly . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod's bedroom -- night thunder boom . wind and pounding rain blast open a window . mother come to it , then move to comfort fearful Young ichabod in bed . mother' voice ( v.o. ) do not be afraid ... do not be afraid . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod be home -- day a keyhole . Young ichabod 's eye peer in ... ichabod's dream -- p.o.v. through keyhole mother be kneele before flour on the floor . she draw pattern in it , whisper . she blow the flour away . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod be home -- day the freakish woman ( who argue with mother ) walk towards the home , support by a sad man . she weep , carry something in a blanket . Young ichabod come a window , watch , scared . the freakish woman be so weak that she fall . the blanket open ... the corpse of a infant tumble to the dirt . the freakish woman 's wailing grow louder . ichabod's dream -- front of young ichabod be home -- night two men in black drag mother to a coach . she look back , fearful , pull along . a third man in black follow . Young ichabod struggle as Father restrain he . young ichabod no ... mother ... no ... ! the third man peer back , a gray-haire , cotton mather -ish man with a villainous face . freakish woman ( v.o. ) the night of the great storm , I see she cross my window . ichabod's dream -- courtroom -- day many people in the gallery . the third man stand in front of the tearful freakish woman in the witness box . third man you be certain it be she ? freakish woman in the lighting , I do see she . ( point ) her. Lady crane ... mother sit in shackle . freakish woman I will never forget . the next moment , I find my infant dead ... with the blood well on he breast . that in attendance cry out at this . ichabod be seat beside Father , eye fill with tear . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod be room -- night as before , a STORM rage . ichabod be in mother 's arm . freakish woman ( v.o. ) the night of the great storm , I see she cross my window . mother do not be afraid ... int . van tassel house , ichabod's bedroom -- day knocking be heard . ichabod gasp awake . katrina ( o.s. ) constable crane ? ichabod look at he hand ball into fist . he open they -- have one half of philipse's talisman in each palm . int . van tassel house , second floor hallway -- night Katrina hold a tray of food . the door be heard unlocking . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night Katrina enter . ichabod sit at he work table . katrina be you hungry ? ichabod shake he head , will not look up . Katrina cross . she begin pick up piece of the plaster hoofprint cast which lie shattered on the floor . katrina you promise justice . ichabod if this be the random stalking of a monster , what good be I ? katrina people have put they trust in you . ichabod they have do nothing of the sort . katrina wo not they still have that justice ? ( patience wane ) or , be it a vain promise ? ichabod stew , head in he hand . someone be heard running ... Young masbath enter , frighten . young masbath constable crane ... something have happen . ext . western wood -- day the lenape indian hang dead in a tree , lynched . townsfolk be gather . ichabod make he way through , follow by Young masbath , look up . brom ( o.s . ) we do not need you , constable ... brom stride towards ichabod from a group of man spread a sheet under the tree . Van ripper 's there . brom the man who do this have be take . we do not need you here . brom point to where two filthy men in chain sit in a horse - draw cart . a armed man guard they . one filthy man you should thank we . the killing will end . we save you all ! the armed man shove the filthy man to shut he up . brom they spend two day in chain . ichabod two day ... ? for murder ? father steenwyck for poach . or , would you remake we law now that magistrate philipse have give up the ghost ? ichabod do that look like a animal hang ? brom look like a indian . Van ripper cut the noose rope at the trunk . the lenape corpse free fall , landing hard . the lenape lie in a heap on the sheet . Van ripper and other come to lift the sheet with the lenape in the middle . ichabod watch , notice ... the lenape wear a woven piece of reed grass a cord on he loin cloth , twisted in a pattern . ichabod wait . give I a moment ... ichabod kneel . he remove the woven piece , look across the disease lenape 's body . something else ... the lenape 's mouth be agape ; tooth rotting . ichabod look around , find a twig . he use it to pull the lenape 's mouth open ... get close to peer inside the lenape 's mouth . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- day a drawing of the lenape 's woven piece in ichabod 's ledger . the piece lie near . ichabod sit stare at it , trance - like . masbath wait . Long silence . ichabod the lenape indian have much to tell once I open he mouth . young masbath how could he ? ichabod his tooth . someone have cut they and chip off rotten piece far back in he mouth . the lenape could not have do that for himself . ( close he journal ) someone out there care for he . ichabod rise , decide . he pick up he satchel and exit . Young masbath be surprised . he follow . ext . windmill -- day a massive , wooden windmill , raise off the ground on a 7 ' center post . ichabod and masbath walk to it . int . windmill -- day ichabod and Young masbath enter via a ladder from the underbelly . gear and counter wheel turn millstone . a few man work in the grain powder fill air . ichabod lead the way to a staircase , up twist and turn . young masbath where be we go ? ichabod up. ext . windmill roof -- day ichabod and Young masbath climb out a door to the roof . the rotor spin nearby . ichabod search the countryside . below , many men be ride up the long straight road . ichabod what be it ? young masbath it 's payment day . loan money be give to baltus the last day each month . almost everyone borrow ... for tool or to hire worker . ichabod sit , take a bowl from he bag and give it to masbath , then produce a bottle of water ... fill the bowl . ichabod ( point ) out there . what do you see ? young masbath the western Woods . ichabod look again . a plume of smoke rise from wood , far . young masbath smoke . chimney smoke . ichabod hold a piece of straw in he mouth , rub the point of a sewing needle against a small black rock . ichabod be you familiar with magnet ? young masbath what kind of nut ? ichabod not for eat , I assure you . watch here . ichabod show the magnet grab the needle . Young masbath be amaze , reach for it . ichabod watch he play with it . young masbath it 's spectacular . ichabod ( smile , pause ) yes ... I suppose it be . keep it . young masbath no , I could not ... ichabod I have other . all I need be this . ichabod take the needle , poke its butt end into the tip of the straw . Young masbath study the rock , pocket it . young masbath thank you . ichabod ( nod , almost shy ) now , hold the bowl steady . back to business . Young masbath lift the bowl . ichabod drop in the needle / straw which float and turn compass -like . ichabod if the western Woods be truly the Devil 's Glen , we will see for ourselves . young masbath ( uneasy ) Father say witch live there . ichabod Witches do not exist . however ... ichabod use a knife to notch the bowl lip where the needle point , then survey the smoke , make a second notch . ichabod not long ago , I would have say the same for headless horseman . katrina ( o.s. ) constable ... ! Katrina 's on horseback below , unhappy . katrina I need to speak with you . alone . ext . van tassel great lawn -- day ichabod and Katrina lead they horse . a heat argument . katrina why would you do such a thing ? ichabod no stone may be leave unturned . it may appear harsh ... katrina I have misjudge you I think . I do not imagine you be so cruel . ichabod you be not regard it in full . the widow Windsor have be run through by a sword . I follow the bloodless wound , a wound whose path I could not comprehend till I have see the horseman with my own eye . katrina what be you on about ? ichabod the child she carry be eight month grow at least ... near to birthing . the sword have pierce its tiny heart exactly . katrina must I hear this ? ichabod there be no blind stabbing . this singular thrust find its target omnipotently , as if the horseman make certain the unborn child die with its mother . katrina and this give worth to butchery ? ichabod it be not butchery . katrina what be it then ? Scientific method ? how can any of this matter in the slight ? ichabod I have no solution for its meaning yet , but I could not just ignore it . katrina take a lesson from Young masbath 's desire , ichabod crane . he follow with you to avenge he father 's death . that I understand . but , what do you want ? ichabod to avenge he father , and the other . katrina but , why ? tell I why . ichabod struggle for a reply . katrina you falter with you answer because you strive without put the whole of you heart into it . can not you see ? you will bring dignity to the dead even if you have to chop they into little piece to do it . ichabod ( feed up , grow anger ) if it have be surgery on a live person , do to save that person 's life , you would not question it . not for a moment . so , let I be the first to tell you , dear girl ... on the other side of this shelter mountain , a whole world have advanced beyond such plebeian think as yours . and someday , no matter how much you fear it , that world will come to roust sleepy hollow out of its slumber . Katrina storm away . ichabod 's already regret . ext . belltower field -- day ichabod and Young masbath ride to the western Woods , horse load for expedition . at the belltower remnant , ichabod slow , look to the wreckage . at forest 's edge , Young masbath wait . ichabod circle the tower . with a sigh , he ride to join Young masbath . they head into the wood . ext . western wood -- day Dark , dense and creepy . ichabod and Young masbath move through . Young masbath halt he horse and look around . ichabod what be it ? young masbath listen . ichabod ( listen , look ) I hear nothing . young masbath no cricket or cicadas call . no bird song . Stark quiet . ichabod note this unhappily . ext . western wood -- later day ichabod 's hand drop the needle / straw in the water bowl . the needle spin . the bowl be turn to match notches . ichabod point the way to Young masbath . elsewhere , someone watch : a moving p.o.v. watch they as they ride , follows . ext . western wood , further on -- later day ichabod and masbath reach a hill crest . they stop , uneasy . below : a cave with a rock archway . a ill-fitting door cover the mouth . the chimney spew smoke . ichabod we have apparently arrive . ext . cave home -- day the horse be tie to a tree . ichabod walk to the cave door . unsure , he hesitantly knock . int . cave home -- day ichabod and Young masbath step in . wall be hang with skin and skeleton , dry flower and reed grass in pattern . a old crone sit face away . the old crone , a mountain woman with matte hair and grey feature , sit disinterested . ichabod edge closer . ichabod pardon . you do not answer when I knock . be we intrude ? old crone you be from the hollow ? ichabod in a way , yes . ichabod look at table of gourd bowl of dead insect and acorn . knife , scissors , yellow bone . he take the lenape 's piece of reed grass from he pocket . ichabod the lenape who live in this wood ... do you know he ? the redman ? ( uncomfortable wait ) I should tell you ... he have be murder . old crone leave I . you be not welcome here . the old crone place something on a table beside she -- a dead cardinal , bright red . ichabod be afraid , back away , but Young masbath take the woven piece and step to the crone . young masbath be you a friend to the indian ? ( wait ) you should have this ... if you be he friend . Young masbath put the woven piece beside the cardinal . he walk to join ichabod in leave . old crone you seek remedy against the horseman ? the Old crone reach to pick up the weaving . she stand , face they . tall. ichabod nod . old crone ( to Young masbath ) go out and keep away , child . ( to ichabod ) you stay . follow with I . the Old crone take a candle and walk , deep into the cave . int . cave home , lower cave -- day the Old crone come through a passage in the wet wall . ichabod enter , scared , bent under low ceiling . old crone I hear he . he ride to the hollow and back . ichabod the horseman . yes . old crone sit . ichabod sit on crooked stool . the old crone kneel with she back to he , gather straw in a pile on the floor . ichabod can you help ? old crone you want to see into the nether world ... I can show you . whatever you see , do not move or speak . I will hold he . she gather bowl , put grass and powder on the pile . ichabod what ... what be you do ? old crone ( turn , furious ) Close you mouth ! keep silent . she take two jar from a table , pour ash on the pile from one . she shake the other roughly , take the lid off and upend it . a baby bat squirm on the floor , daze . the Old crone hold the bat , use a knife to cut off its head . she soak the straw with blood , speak in tongue , guttural . use a wick , she light the straw . she grasp two metal cuff with chain attach , slide this onto she bony wrist , then bend to inhale smoke . old crone he come now . ichabod would like to leave now . ext . cave home -- day Young masbath , wait by the horse , look up . through the tree , black cloud billow and block the sun . int . cave home , lower cave -- day the old crone slump , still with she back to ichabod . she do not move . wind howl through a hole / window . rain . candle blow out . ichabod stand , worried . ichabod Excuse I ... um ... she remain motionless . the STORM outside intensify . we see the skin of the crone 's wrist transform ; swell in the cuff , harden , crack and bleed . some thing ichabod can not see . he inch closer . ichabod be you alright ... ? the crone turn , hideous , leaping erect -- a half -human , half - demon creature . its black claw hand reach . ichabod recoil , cry out . chain on restrain cuff yank the creature back . ichabod hit the floor , knock over a table of bone . the creature be chain , but still want ichabod . it screech . the Old crone 's face seethes from transformation , eye blood red , nostril drip , tooth now jag . creature / old crone you seek the warrior bath in blood ... the headless horseman . ichabod slide back as far as possible while the creature claw the rock floor , yearn . creature / old crone follow the indian trail to where the sun die . follow to the tree of the dead . the creature pull , testing the chain . behind , the bolt hold the chain to the wall slip . the wall crack . creature / old crone climb down to the horseman 's soulless place and let loose he silent shriek . do you hear ? do you hear ?! ichabod nod , quaking , aghast . he glance to the exit . the chain bolt give more ... come loose ... creature / old crone he who hold fast the horseman 's desire will guide he reap hand . catch hold of he desire . ichabod bolt for the door . the creature howl , leaping ... the chain bolt break ... ichabod cry out , tackle to the floor ... it be the Old crone who land on he . she have return to human form , semi-conscious . ichabod shove she off . ext . cave home -- day ichabod run out into the howling storm , past masbath . ichabod we be leave . young masbath what happen ? ichabod scramble onto gunpowder , head further into the wood , glance back . Young masbath follow . ext . western wood , further on -- early evening no rain . Dark . a lantern 's glow create shifting shadow as ichabod and Young masbath ride . young masbath follow the indian trail to where the sun die . to the tree of the dead . ( look back ) maybe we pass it by . ichabod how could something name " the tree of the dead " fail to draw attention ? a bird cry out . ichabod 's startle , look up . the bird be heard alighting . leave float downward . ichabod we should not go much further in this murk . young masbath should we go back ? ichabod we be far from the hollow . ( dismount , troubled ) loath to say it ... better to get we back against a tree and stay till morning . ext . western wood ( time CUT ) -- night horse be tie . ichabod be seat against a tree . a campfire burn . Young masbath lie on a blanket , rifle cross he chest , stare to treetop . leave and branch shift in the wind . bat fly wildly . young masbath what do it mean ... climb down to the horseman 's soulless place ? ichabod " let loose he silent shriek . " who know , till we work at it ? I admit not be anxious to find out . ( pause ) " he who hold the horseman 's desire will guide he reap hand . " whatever the horseman 's desire be , other than extinguish life . a snapping branch . ichabod raise he pistol . ichabod ( to Young masbath ) do not move . ichabod rise . he creep forward , pistol and lantern forward . foliage be thick . crunching leave be heard . ichabod crouch , put down the lantern and pick up a branch . he toss the branch to the foliage ... some animal dart away , a run blur . ichabod rise , follow with he pistol . another angle , moving p.o.v. : low to the ground , move swiftly at ichabod ... ichabod spin , blindside . Young masbath fire he rifle -- crack !! the animal be knocked down mid-leap , yelping ... the beast land , a mass of grey fur . ichabod come to stare down . Young masbath arrive . they both look to the beast , horrify . the creature lie helplessly spastic ; a two - head wolf , with one head blow open to brain and gore . its live head lift , mewing sadly , eye plead . ichabod step up with pistol . fire . mewing stop . ichabod what god-forsaken hell be this ? ichabod swallow back sickness , look away . something catch he eye . ichabod Christ ... through the forest : the sky' lit up . distant fire . ext . western wood , cave home -- early evening ichabod and masbath ride up , confront by the crone 's cave vomit flame out all orifice . ichabod approach . ember swirl everywhere . the Old crone 's body lie amongst bloody leave . headless . ext . town square , doctor' residence -- night much commotion . a mob in front of the home mark " lancaster , physician . " steenwyck address the rabble . father steenwyck you all stand idle , while this man go about with a book of secret and a bag fill with magic . you all stand idle , while the shadow of the Devil fall over we town . baltus , Lady Van tassel and Katrina watch at safe distance . father steenwyck I say , if you do nothing , you share in the blasphemy of ichabod crane ! killian , on horseback beside he wife , beth , and son , Thomas , ride to one side of the shouting crowd . killian listen to I ! do you want to save you crop ? or would you rather see you farm go to ruin ? father steenwyck how be he save we farm ? how ? ichabod crane have bring into we midst the soulless , molder corpse of a heretic ! int . doctor' residence , medical room -- night ichabod examine the crone 's neck wound with magnification spectacle . Young masbath be seat , ledger in he lap . ichabod the wound be neither smooth nor cauterize , but jag . she bleed like a fountain . ichabod lift she dead hand to show bruise and cut . ichabod she do not go quietly . int . doctor' residence , parlor -- night Doctor lancaster wring he hand . his wife rock nervously in a rock chair . the crowd outside roar as a bonfire light up the curtain window . the front door be pounded open . angry men enter . lancaster stand , lip quivering . he point insistently to a door . int . doctor' residence , medical room -- night angry man break in . ichabod look up . angry man step aside , constable . step aside ... ichabod be shove aside , spectacle knock off . the group grasp the crone . masbath stand on he chair , clutching the ledger . ichabod grab one man . ichabod what be you do ? the man slam ichabod back . magnification spectacle be crush under foot . ext . town square -- night angry man carry the corpse to a raging bonfire . the mob make way . steenwyck cheer they . father steenwyck let she burn ! let she burn ! ichabod come out , follow by Young masbath . the crone 's corpse be throw in the fire . cheer all around . at ichabod 's side , a man try to grab the ledger Young masbath hold . Young masbath cry out , hang on to the book . ichabod join the struggle . Katrina watch , emotion conflict . other man grab ichabod . one punch ichabod in the face . Katrina ride forward as baltus call for she to stop . Katrina leap down , into the crowd , pull man off ichabod . katrina stop this ! leave they alone ! a shot ring out . Chaos halt . everyone turn , quieting . the man around masbath and ichabod turn to face brom Bones . brom hold a smoking pistol , flanke by Theodore and Glenn . brom let they go ( point ) be you go to beat a orphane child , imbecile ? masbath be release , along with the ledger . steenwyck move forward , push people aside . father steenwyck be you ichabod crane 's protector , brom Bones ? brom only for the moment . father steenwyck you side with he in this ? brom no . I agree he have only make matter worse . but , that will change , if you listen . he trade with Theodore , pistol for a long rifle . brom heft the rifle , take a round slug from he pocket . brom Theodore , Glenn and I offer to ride each day and night to watch over the hollow . we will stalk the border of the western Woods and haunt the horseman for a change , with rifle like this ... and slug like this ... brom bring the slug to he lip , blow . it whistle . brom hollow out and fill with powder . brom smile at Katrina , who watch unimpress . brom constable crane be not the only one who fight with science on he side . ichabod I fire upon the horseman and the bullet do nothing . brom you must have miss you mark . ichabod I hit he square . brom ( to the crowd ) I say ... if the horseman be solid enough to take the life of we people , he 's solid enough to feel this ... brom aim the rifle at a barrel down the road . fire . plunk -- the barrel be hit -- explode . smoke waft . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night in bed , ichabod be have unpleasant dream once more . freakish woman ( v.o. ) the night of the great storm , I see she cross my window . ichabod's dream -- courtroom -- day Young ichabod be seat beside Father , eye tearful . we be back in the court where mother stand trial . freakish woman in the lightning , I do see she . ( point to mother ) her. Lady crane ... I will never forget it . the next moment , I find my infant son be dead , with the blood well on he breast . the evil third man turn to a jury of twelve men . third man you have hear it . the blood well be the mark of Satan 's touch . as the crowd murmur in fear , Young ichabod look to Father , who sit with hand clench , emotionless . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod be home -- night in the quiet kitchen , Young ichabod look across the table . Father stare into he food . young ichabod she be with I , father . father nothing can be do against they . young ichabod she be with I that night . Father do not even look up . ichabod's dream -- church -- night empty church . Young ichabod carry a lantern past pews . a soldier be seat near the altar with a rifle . young ichabod May I see she ? the soldier exit through a white door . Young ichabod wait , look up at the vast church . the white door open and the third man step out . third man go home . young ichabod May I see my mother ? third man you do not want to be here . go home to you father . young ichabod she do not do it ... please listen ... third man she be guilty . young ichabod no , sir , please ... she be innocent ... third man she have confess . young ichabod no . third man she have admit to she evil and sign a write confession . do you know what confession be ? ( off ichabod 's nod ) all that be leave for you now be to pray for she soul . the third man leave through the white door . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod's bedroom -- morning Young ichabod button he shirt . ichabod's dream -- young ichabod be yard -- morning Young ichabod come out , look to the lawn , not understanding . Father load a wagon full of belonging . father we be leave . ( long pause ) she have go away . realization come to Young ichabod . he run , away across the lawn as Father call after he . ichabod's dream -- forest trail -- morning Young ichabod run , weep . third man ( v.o. ) she have confess . ichabod's dream -- church -- morning empty . Doors be throw open and Young ichabod enter . he go down the aisle , towards the white door . third man ( v.o. ) she have admit to she evil and sign a write confession . young ichabod mother . ichabod's dream -- church , beyond white door -- morning Young ichabod enter , halting . the room contain torture device : iron cuff , thumb screw , knife and needle . third man ( v.o. ) do you know what confession be ? he walk , numb , eye lock forward ... in the corner be a spike chair , adorn with sharp iron spike . hundred of spike . it be fitte with strap for hold down the " accuse . " tear stream down Young ichabod 's face . he kneel , hand on the spike of the chair , press hard . as he sob , blood run down from he hand . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night in bed , ichabod open tear fill eye . he sit up , bring he tremble hand to wipe he cheek . his hand trail blood . he look to they ... the old scar be bleed . int . van tassel house , sitting room -- night Katrina come to the door . ichabod be seat by the fire , eye bleary , palm wrap with bloody cloth . katrina constable crane ? Katrina come beside ichabod 's chair . ichabod allow I some time . I have spend every hour in the company of other . I need to be alone . katrina what trouble you ? she move in front . ichabod get up and cross to sit face away . Katrina take the chair he desert . katrina the thing I say to you before ... I be wrong to say they . ichabod no , actually , you be not . every word you speak have truth in it . katrina what have happen ? ichabod sit silent , put he head back , eye close . ichabod Lady Van tassel ... she be you stepmother , be not she ? she bear so little resemblance . katrina what ? ichabod she be not you birth mother , be she ? katrina no , but ... why do you ask that ? ichabod what happen to you mother ? be she still alive ? katrina she die . her lung be disease ... two year ago . what be this about ? ichabod memories have come back . I have they forget , and wish I could forget they again ... but they be here now . ( pause ) Lord , how I hate this place . katrina if you want I to go , I will . do you want I to leave ? ichabod I ... I do not know . I no longer know what I think or what I feel . Katrina walk to he . she touch he back . katrina why be you so afraid of that ? be there truly such harm in uncertainty ? she kneel , smile a little for he . she reach to touch he face , hold he head in she hand . leans to kiss he . he rest he head against hers , weary , put he arm around she . they kiss passionately . ext . the hollow -- early morning Dawn light , be visible over forest pound by rain . int . van tassel house , second floor hall -- morning ichabod exit he room , satchel in hand . he look down the hall , then step back in to take a white rise from a vase . around a corner , ichabod come to the last door . he bend , slip the white rise under the crack of the door . ext . van tassel house , front porch -- morning rain . ichabod come out . across the lawn , Young masbath be bring the horse . lady van tassel ( o.s. ) good morrow , constable . ichabod turn to see Lady Van tassel in a chair , sewing . lady van tassel returning to the western Woods ? ichabod yes , actually . lady van tassel use caution . ichabod ( nod , study she ) do you know ... I think that be the first word I have hear from you my entire time here . lady van tassel as my husband say , a wife should be always like a echo , and at the same time , quite unlike a echo . ( off ichabod 's confusion ) like a echo , she should speak only when speak to , and unlike a echo , should never try to have the last word , or , at least that be what he believe . baltus come out the door , irritable , skillet in hand . baltus constable ... do you notice anything out of the ordinary during the night ? ichabod eye the skillet , ill at ease , try not to be . ichabod um ... I ... I do not ... no . why ? baltus Sarah have go miss ... my servant girl . her thing be go . damn it . she have join the migration out of town . ( to Lady Van tassel ) what about breakfast , woman ? or , be I to starve to death ? Lady Van tassel get up and go in , take the skillet . ichabod I should be go ... good day to you . ichabod head towards Young masbath . baltus watch from the porch , disgruntled . he go in . ext . western wood -- day heavy rain . ichabod and Young masbath ride side by side . young masbath if the crone 's wound ble hard , that mean she be not kill by the hessian . someone only try to make it look that way . ichabod you grow sharper by the minute , little man . it boggle my mind , but I begin to prefer you company over all other . young masbath well ... I be one of the few people who like you . ichabod ( laugh ) true enough . young masbath then , who murder the Old crone ? and why ? ichabod good question , deserve answer , of which we be in short supply . a SOUND be heard . ichabod look back , then to masbath . ichabod quicken pace . ichabod ride faster . Young masbath keep up . further on , they charge over a hill . ichabod halt gunpowder and climb clumsily off . ichabod ride on . Young masbath obey . ichabod take out he pistol and wade into forest growth , backtrack . inside the forest , ichabod bound through underbrush , low . a horse be heard snorting . he push through branch ... move behind a figure in a grey cloak on horseback . ichabod halt and turn . I have a pistol aim at you head . the figure stop , push off the cloak hood . Katrina . katrina it be only I . ichabod Katrina . why do you follow ? katrina I apologize if I worried you . ichabod a woman should not be out alone in this wood . katrina but , I be not alone , be I ? I only wish to see what you be up to , and ... ( take out white rose ) to thank you . ichabod soften , but do not want to . ichabod come along . ext . western wood , tree of the dead -- day raining still . ichabod , masbath and Katrina come into a clear , mouth fall open at the sight of ... a monstrously huge tree of the dead , at the clear 's center , with branch reach far and wide , knotted and gross , like agony capture in wood sculpture . ichabod dismount , crossing a line beyond which grass and weed will not grow . Young masbath and Katrina dismount . young masbath you be right ... it do draw attention to itself . ichabod stare up into the endless , dead canopy of branch . he circle the incredibly wide trunk . there 's a vertical wound in the bark , as if the tree once have a terrible vertical in it , now partially heal and disgustingly scar . ichabod approach . he feel the mushy scar , pick at its scab till much sap begin to trickle . it be red and ichabod finger it . ichabod blood . katrina what do you say ? ichabod go to where Katrina and masbath wait with the horse , dig in a saddle bag for a hand axe . young masbath what be it ? ichabod stay back . at the trunk , ichabod thump the flat end of the axe against the suture . it sound hollow . ichabod begin to chop . he pull away loose bark . the tree drip more blood and a clear goo . ichabod use both hand on the axe to hack at the fester suture . katrina what be you do ? ichabod just ... keep where you be . ignoring , Young masbath move closer . ichabod keep chopping , then grip a large , loose flap of wood , try to bend it . it 's not easy . ichabod struggle . Katrina follow masbath 's slow advance . ichabod 's pull ... the flap suddenly give , revealing a blood -soak , wide - eye , gap - mouth human head . ichabod recoil . behind he , Katrina stifles a scream , take Young masbath in she arm to keep he from look . it be philipse 's head , hang off the trunk flap , hold by root grow around and into the flesh . ichabod reapproach , back of he hand to he mouth . four other severe , decaying head be hold by ingrown root within the dewy innard . katrina my God ... what have happen ? ichabod he ... he try to take the head ... they will not pass . he look to the branch tower above . ichabod must be some sort of gateway . but , why this place ... ? young masbath we should go . ichabod why this tree ? ichabod begin look at the ground , move around the tree . he get to he knee , push mud away . uncover a flush headstone carve with " 666 . " ichabod ( to himself ) " climb down to the horseman 's soulless place . " ( to masbath ) bring the shovel . ext . western wood , tree of the dead -- later day rain . Young masbath 's crouch , muddy , rifle across he knee . he 's watch the tree . behind he , Katrina climb out of the shallow grave near a pile of mud . ichabod hand up the shovel . katrina masbath , we have find it . Young masbath go to the grave . ichabod pull at thick burlap cloth , strain as it come away . ichabod look down , disbely . ichabod it can not be true . we see : root have grip the horseman 's bone and tatter uniform . the skeleton be all there -- except the skull . ichabod why be it every grave I open hold a new mystery inside ? katrina the skull be go . ichabod yes . I do notice that , thank you . ichabod climb out , weary in body and spirit . lightning . thunder . he stare at the bone . ichabod this be he silent shriek ... and he desire , to reclaim he head . ichabod turn , look to the border forest . ichabod " he who hold fast the horseman 's desire will guide he reap hand . " ( pause ) someone control the horseman . katrina ( o.s. ) ichabod ! ichabod turn , look ... Katrina and Young masbath back away , because the root in the grave be alive , further entwine around remain . ichabod spin to the twisted tree ... the vertical suture seethes , pull inwards ... suck philipse 's head back in and close , bubbling . ichabod bound over grave dirt pile , hasten Katrina and Young masbath along as he flee . at the tree , the suture swell . ichabod , Katrina and Young masbath pass where they freaking horse be tie to a fall trunk , head for cover . a rumbling be heard from the twisted tree , which suddenly burst wide , spitting smolder cinder . at the tree line , ichabod , Katrina and Young masbath cower , look back . from the tree wound , a glow brighten , till the headless horseman and daredevil explode into existence ... they hit the ground run . ichabod watch the horseman ride away with bolt of lightning striking the ground behind . the horseman disappear in the forest . ichabod his next victim be choose ! ( to masbath ) give I distance , then guide she back to the hollow . ichabod run towards the horse . young masbath constable ! ext . western wood -- day the horseman rip past on daredevil . ext . behind in western wood -- day ichabod ride as fast as gunpowder be able . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day small home . killian , Thomas and Beth have finish supper . Beth clear plate as killian pick he tooth with a knife . thomas May I be excuse , father ? killian do you deserve to be ? third man ( shyly ) I think so . killian ( smile ) then , go . Thomas get down from he chair . he go to the fireplace to light a tallow wick , which he take to the next room . int . killian be home , white room -- day Thomas plop on the floor and light he magic lantern : a lantern with a outer sleeve of glass paint with silhouettes of lion and monster . Thomas turn the lantern and look to the wall where the creature , shadow be throw . he roar for they , imagine they real and have a grand time . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day Beth come for more dish . beth do not pick tooth . you teach Thomas bad habit . killian pull she to he , playful . killian I be a bad habit . there 's nothing for it . beth ( kiss he ) no one know better than I . int . killian be home , white room -- day Thomas continue he fun , shadow animal circle he . in the shifting light , a baby spider come from a crack in the wall . then , another spider skitter out . more follow . ext . forest -- day a black horse run , hoof pound the ground . thunder be heard . the horse slow and stop ... it be brom 's horse , with brom aboard . brom look skyward . the storm harshen , roaring through the tree . distant hoofbeat can be heard . pounding . brom take he rifle off he shoulder . the hoofbeat grow louder and pass , far away . brom turn in the saddle and whistle . he kick he horse and ride . int . killian be home , white room -- day Thomas still watch shadow beast , but see something else . he go to the crack where hundred of spider flee all direction . Thomas be amused . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day behind killian , mantelpiece stone pulse , breathe almost imperceptibly . demonic face form , then disappear and reform again , shifting . wind howl . int . killian be home , white room -- day Beth enter , look at Thomas . beth what be you do there ? the magic lantern stop spin . shadow creature freeze . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day the entire house creak . killian look up . creaking stop . the howling wind be loud . int . killian be home , the white room -- day Beth come to Thomas ' side as he point . thomas spider . Beth bend to see the swarm spider . she look up , notice the ferocity of the wind . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day killian stand , look up . the house creak again , then suddenly the wind cease . silence . killian Beth ... int . killian be home , the white room -- day Beth pick up Thomas . the magic lantern creature begin spin anew , all around . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day with a roar , the fire flare . killian look . whhooosh the fire shoot up the fireplace . go . behind killian , the door splinter inward . the horseman step in , a battle axe in each hand . wind blast ... the door to the other room slam . killian grab a kitchen chair and hurl it at the horseman . the horseman swing , smash it aside . killian Beth ... run ! int . killian be home , white room -- day Beth hug Thomas to she as she back away . killian ( o.s. ) ( from kitchen ) get out ! int . killian be home , kitchen -- day killian grab a iron skewer from the fireplace , swing it to fend off a blow from the horseman . the horseman swing the other axe . killian duck . the axe crack fireplace stone , throw spark . killian lunge , jam the skewer into the horseman . the skewer come through the horseman 's back . the horseman swipe with the flat of one axe -- pound killian aside . killian hit the wall , bashing he head . Hit the floor . int . killian be home , white room -- day Beth kick a carpet to reveal a trap door . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day the horseman pull the skewer out of he body , throw it . he go to lift killian by the hair with one hand , bring back the axe in the other ... int . killian be home , white room -- day at the trap door , Beth lower Thomas to stair lead to the cellar . Thomas be cry . beth do not let he get you . thomas mommy ... beth you hide now ... go ... Beth close the trap door , frantically replace the carpet . the room 's door fly open and the horseman stride in , carry killian 's severe head . Beth shriek . the horseman step forward , knock over the magic lantern . int . killian be home , cellar -- day Beth 's scream be abruptly CUT off . her body be heard hitting the floor above . Thomas cross the cellar , stumble . he scurries into the shelter of a wheelbarrow propped against the wall . footstep be heard . int . killian be home , the white room -- day the horseman 's hand place killian 's and Beth 's head in a sack , cinching the sack shut . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day the headless horseman enter , bend to retrieve the battle axe he leave . he stand . pause . int . killian be home , cellar -- day Thomas ' tremble hand pull the wheelbarrow closer . quiet . he try to control he sobbing . int . killian be home , kitchen -- day the horseman turn , fall to he knee . he start to chop at the floor with both axe . chop , chop , chop ... make quick work of it ... int . killian be home , cellar -- day a hole appear in the ceiling as debris fall . Thomas look up , terrify . he get up to run away ... the horseman 's arm shove through above , grasp Thomas and yanking he up . ext . killian be farm -- day brom ride from the forest , charge across killian 's field . at killian 's house , daredevil ride up as the headless horseman walk out with he sack of head . the horseman tie the sack to the saddle and leap up . brom put he rein in he mouth , raise he rifle . the horseman head away , past the barn , as brom gain . brom aim ... fire ! boom -- the slug explode , blow the horseman off daredevil . daredevil keep go . the horseman 's smolder body be leave " face down . " brom halt he horse . he climb down , pleased . the horseman move . brom back away , satisfaction diminish . the horseman get on he knee . brom fall to one knee , begin reloading . he fill the gun from he powder horn . the horseman stand , unsheathes he sword and turn . the blast have blow apart he uniform at the chest and shoulder , expose rotten flesh and maggot- infest muscle . brom ready he ramrod , jam powder in the barrel . the horseman charge . brom stand , pull out the ramrod . the horseman be on he . brom swing the rifle , block . spark fly . the battle be on , with brom fend off the horseman 's sword with the gun -- clank -- clank -- clank . across the field , ichabod and gunpowder break into the open . up the field , the horseman make a backhand swing . brom go down , he rifle send fly . brom roll to avoid as the horseman slashes . brom flee . the horseman pull and throw a knife ... thwap -- the knife imbed in brom 's thigh . the horseman run towards brom . ichabod close in , pull a unlit lantern off he saddle . brom try to get up , bend to extract the knife . the horseman , mid-run , change he sword grip , blade down . he plant one foot on brom 's back , raise he sword , about to skewer ... ichabod arrive full gallop , smashes the lantern into the horseman -- knock the horseman off brom . at the edge of the forest , Theodore and Glen arrive on horseback . they hold a moment , watch . brom run , limping , to the barn , goal in sight : farm implement propped there . brom grab scythes with long curve blade , one in per hand . the horseman rise . ichabod turn gunpowder and leap off , run to brom . the horseman move towards they , hefting a battle axe in he free hand . ichabod step up , pistol aim , furious . ichabod for what it 's worth ... fire -- the bullet rip through the horseman 's stomach to reveal putrid innard as he keep advance . at the forest , Theodore look to Glenn , turn and flee . brom step up , scythes ready . he and the horseman go at it . brom block axe and sword , catch and deflect blow . at the forest , Glenn follow Theodore away . ichabod grab a long handle sickle . brom swing the scythes . the horseman avoid . ichabod move to the side , look for a open . he swing the sickle . the horseman block . the horseman battle both at once , catch blow ... counter every strike , metal ringing . brom catch the horseman 's sword in one scythe , hold it off . catch the axe handle in the other scythe . the horseman flatfoot kick brom 's chest , send he down . ichabod swing the sickle blade ... Hit the horseman , the blade embed to the hilt . the horseman drop he axe and grasp the sickle , jerk ... the sickle handle slam ichabod 's , knock he away . ichabod crawl , try to shake off the blow . he look up . the horseman stagger , spastically try to pull the blade from he body . brom limp to ichabod , yank he to he foot . brom we can not win this . they head towards the forest . behind , the horseman extract the sickle , throw it . he stride after they , pick up he axe on the way . ext . riverbank -- day ichabod and brom stumble down a hillside . brom point . brom there ... they run to a dock at the edge of a wide , rapid river . they jump into a flat boat barge . brom go to the front and guide it . ichabod go . brom use a scythe to slash the rope . ichabod pick up a guide pole . the barge lurch , set free . ichabod struggle to push the boat out . it move swiftly , catch in rain swollen current . brom look back . no horseman . he leave the scythe and move to the front , hefting another pole to help guide . brom let 's see he catch we now . ichabod look to the shore . horror . ichabod look . lightning illuminate -- ahead , the horseman stand on the bank with axe and sword . daredevil near . brom we will pass right by the son of a bitch . ichabod and brom push with the pole , try for speed . at the bank , the horseman walk directly to the water ... just as he take a step onto the water , the rain churn surface transform -- instantly become a sheet of ice ... spread and support the horseman as he advance . ice shoot out ahead of he , towards a point in the river where it will intercept the barge . brom my Christ ... the horseman 's ice bridge engulf the barge , halting it . ichabod and brom be throw . the barge be trap . the horseman near . brom run to the rear to retrieve he scythe . ichabod hold up the only weapon he have , he guide pole . the horseman step on board . ichabod swing . the horseman 's axe crack the pole in half ... the horseman thrust with sword -- into ichabod 's chest -- clean through . it sizzle as ichabod scream . the horseman lift ichabod up , flip he , pull the sword out as ichabod go ... smashing through the ice and under . underwater : water carry ichabod , slam he against ice above . he 's pull down by undertow . above water , beyond the edge of the ice bridge : ichabod come up , gasp , choke on rain . he tread water , look to the barge . ichabod be p.o.v . -- from the water aboard the barge , the horseman cut brom down ... stand over he , chopping with sword . we view grow blurry , and ... fade out / in int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night candlelight . ichabod , shirtless , feverish , open he eye . the wound at the top of he chest be raw . Katrina insert a needle in the skin around it . katrina Lay still , ichabod . do not move . lady van tassel Doctor , he be awake . ichabod try to sit . pain stop he . Lady Van tassel help bleed the wound with the needle and a tube lead to a suction jar of blood . ichabod ( barely a voice ) what ... what be you do ... ? katrina I be draw bad blood from the wound . Doctor lancaster come to the bed . doctor lancaster keep still , constable . you be half - drown when they find you . ichabod ... brom Bones ... doctor lancaster he be dead . you would be also , if you wound have not somehow shut . ichabod bring Young masbath here . doctor lancaster you need to sleep . ichabod bring he . doctor lancaster you need rest . ichabod give up , close he eye . Katrina , needle in one hand , bring she other hand to hold ichabod 's . blood drip into the suction jar . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- later night ichabod be soundly asleep . across the room , Katrina be at he work table . ichabod stir . Katrina look to he . once she be satisfied he will not wake , she return to what she be do , turn a page . she be read he ledger . ext . servant quarter' , masbath' room -- night Young masbath lie awake . a glint of light cross the window . masbath look to it , get up , peer out . through the window , he can see the Van tassel manor House in the distance . lantern light cross the lawn . ext . van tassel estate , orchard -- night the lantern light move through the orchard , away from the house . we can not make out the person . elsewhere , Young masbath run in pursuit . he hide against one tree , lean to look ... the light enter forest . Young masbath follow . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- morning ichabod 's hurt . masbath help with a shirt . young masbath someone leave last night . look like they head to the square , but I lose they in the forest . ichabod man or woman ? young masbath all I see be they lantern . ichabod Business , best hide be hide best at night . ichabod go to he work table , organize he satchel . young masbath if someone have the horseman 's skull ... if they control the horseman , then why have not they send he for you head yet ? ichabod because , I serve a fine purpose alive . it be perfection for we murderer if I return to New York City with nothing more than tale of a gallop ghoul . ( pause ) we must uncover the reason this victim be target . what be take from they ... other than they life ? who benefit by they death ? ichabod fumble the bottle of white powder . it bounce , cork pop out ... roll under the bed . ichabod damn it . ichabod kneel , pain . a trail of the blood - detect powder have spill . the bottle be out of reach . young masbath I will get it . Young masbath get down , ready to crawl for it , but ichabod stop he , peer under . ichabod wait ... Far under , near the bottle , some powder be bubbling . ichabod move to the end of the bed and lift , in pain . Young masbath help . they drag the bed to one side . under the bed : a satanic pentagram have be drawn in blood . ichabod stare , try to grasp the implication . masbath be about to speak , but ichabod put a finger to he lip . ichabod move to lock the door . young masbath ( whisper ) who do this ? ichabod do not answer . he pick up a wash basin and dump the water to wash the pentagram away . ext . town square / church -- day wagon , horse and townspeople swarm . a crowd loot the town 's general store . provision be pass along man to man and load on wheelbarrows . all up and down the long straight road , home owner board up window with lumber . ichabod and Young masbath ride , pass many angry face . ichabod panic have set in . they stop , tie they horse and climb stair to the door of the " notary . " ichabod look off ... down the road , at the far end , people head to the church . much activity there as well . ichabod sanctuary . or , so they hope . families put up tent all around the church within the border wrought- iron fence . supplies abound . people work to build and erect massive wooden cross . int . notary public , hardenbrook's office -- day tidy room . Young masbath watch ichabod hand a slip of paper to the elderly notary , hardenbrook . ichabod do you have this person ' will ? hardenbrook I have everything ... last testament ... birth certificate , death certificate ... deed . ichabod yes , sir ... but , do you have this ? hardenbrook study the paper with he one good eye . hardenbrook certainly ... certainly . hardenbrook nod , hand the list back , grin . ichabod stand wait . hardenbrook be still nodd . ichabod May I see they , master hardenbrook ? hardenbrook hmm ? see they ? ichabod May we look at they now ? hardenbrook of course . you want they ... it shall not take long . wait here . hardenbrook head across the room . ichabod offer the list . ichabod maybe you should take this . hardenbrook a fine idea . hardenbrook take it and exit . Young masbath sit . young masbath what good be this ? ichabod to discover what might have be take from that who die , it will help to know what be there that could be take in the first place . ichabod wait . after a moment , he look uncertain . he cross to the half - open door ... int . notary public , record room -- day ichabod stick he head in , not like what he see . hardenbrook 's amidst unbelievable disarray . tables , shelf , and basket of unevenly pile document . hardenbrook look on a shelf , confuse , then go to a table , lift papers , mumble . hardenbrook damn ... damn ... damn ... ichabod master hardenbrook ... hardenbrook turn , a bit startle . ichabod perhaps , I could assist in find they ? hardenbrook well ... that might be ... helpful . int . notary public , record room ( time CUT ) -- day hardenbrook be asleep in a chair , snore , blind eye open . ichabod and Young masbath face official - look document , with ichabod focus on one will in hand . young masbath my father have farm land . it be the only thing we own of any value . ichabod ( still read ) and it now belong to you , accord to baltus . I hear he say it . young masbath yes . ichabod turn the will in he hand to masbath . ichabod then look here at you father 's will , and tell I why you be not list . Young masbath take it , boggle . ichabod grab another . ichabod Van garrett have denote he elder son in he last wish ; the same son murder along with he . but Van garrett 's wife and two infant child be not write ... and they be spare . ( pick up another will ) do you see ? philipse have no family to bestow he farm to . but , here ... ( pick up another ) the widow Windsor be list on she late husband 's will . after she inheritance , she amend the document to include she bastard child . this be why the horseman make absolutely certain to impale the unborn descendant . ichabod sit back . ichabod only the heir be kill . proof that the horseman slaughter by assignment . young masbath but , if the farm be not mine , who steal it away ? ichabod no one yet , far as I can tell . it have go intestate . young masbath in test ... what ? ichabod intestate . you farm ... all the farm ... they belong to no one . young masbath what do it mean ? ichabod stare off . ichabod often in such case , property which have go intestate legally pass to whomever the decease be indebted to . and , who in this town be owed a great many debt ? young masbath ( realization ) baltus Van tassel . ichabod do you father take a loan ? young masbath yes . I ride with he on payment day . ichabod stand , grim , gather will and he ledger . ichabod tonight , we answer question . and , to discover who move about the Van tassel house after dark ... all we need be a candle . a loud noise be heard from the other room . ichabod look . int . hardenbrook's office -- day ichabod burst in . no one there . a chair have be knock over and the front door be ajar . ichabod move ... ext . notary -- day ichabod exit . all around be the commotion in the square as before . no tell who it be who just fle . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- day Young masbath be seat , bored . ichabod write in he ledger . a knock on the door . they both look up . katrina ( o.s. ) ( from outside door ) constable ... be you there ? ( long pause ) ichabod ? the knob be try and find lock . pause . at the bottom of the door , a red rise be pass under . this sadden ichabod . ext . church -- night quiet night . the church be a sight , with a yard resembling a empty squatter 's tent city , surround by cross . board over window leak shaft of light . moving past the window : many eye peer out from the slat . up in the belfry , two riflemen be on watch . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night ichabod and masbath be in darkness , still wait . ichabod take the cover off a lantern , look at a clock . Midnight , straight up . ichabod stand , pick up a unlit candle . ichabod Midnight seem a appropriate time . int . van tassel house , hallway -- night ichabod and Young masbath look out , cautious . they move to the nearest door . ichabod crouch , use the candle to mark the seam of the door and door frame . he 's make a low , wax seal . if the door open , the seal will break . they move to a second door , quietly . ichabod make another low wax mark . int . van tassel house , MAIN entrance -- night ichabod and masbath come downstairs to a hall . ichabod continue he wax mark at each door . int . van tassel house , baltus ' office -- night ichabod and Young masbath enter , shutting the door . ichabod walk to shelf at baltus ' desk , look through ribbon bound document and hand some to masbath . Young masbath pull off the ribbon , page through this " loan agreement " parchment . ichabod bring another pile . ichabod ( whisper ) they be alphabetical . Young masbath have the m's. " maryie , " " megapolenisis , " and " melyn ... " not find what he want . young masbath there be no masbath here . my father 's loan papers be miss . ichabod ( regard he document ) there be none for magistrate philipse either . " paasch , James " " pieter , Thomas " " pos , William . " a floorboard creak . ichabod look , blow out the lantern . he and Young masbath stand freeze . across the room , light come under the door , stop , then continue . a door be heard open and shutting . ichabod cross to follow , point back . ichabod keep look . then , hide in my room and bolt the door till I return . ext . forest -- night lantern light move , far ahead . ichabod follow . ext . forest , further on -- night ichabod stop , hide . he can see the light ahead , but it be no longer in motion . he advance . ext . forest clearing -- night a lantern sit on a rock . on a blanket , a semi-naked man and semi-naked woman be in the midst of rough sex . ichabod crawl to peer from underbrush . the couple keep coupling , with the man on top . his grunt and gasp be particularly desperate . he 's all over the woman , who lay back ... it be Lady van tassel . ichabod swallow , inch closer . Lady van tassel pull the man 's shirt , expose he flesh . she raise a small , sharp knife behind he back . ichabod 's eye widen . Lady Van tassel bring the blade to she own hand , slice deep in she palm . blood flow . she rub she cut hand over she partner 's arching back , smear blood . Lady van tassel caress the man 's chest , neck , face ... trail blood . the man lift he head , in ecstasy , suck the woman 's bloody finger ... it 's clergyman steenwyck . ichabod back away , have see more than plenty . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night Young masbath unlock the door . ichabod enter . young masbath I be get worried . who be it ? ichabod Lady Van tassel . young masbath what be she do ? ichabod something I really wish I have not see . never mind it . do you find the victim ' loan agreement ? young masbath no . they be all miss . this trouble ichabod . young masbath there be more , though . while you be go , I could hear someone else walk through the house . int . van tassel house , upstair hallway -- night ichabod and Young masbath creep round a corner . go to the last door , ichabod crouch , eye narrowing ... ichabod ( whisper , to himself ) Katrina . the wax seal be break , fleck of wax on the floor . int . van tassel house , foyer and hall -- night ichabod and masbath come downstairs , check all the wax mark . Young masbath find one break . young masbath here . ichabod come over , push the door ... int . van tassel house , kitchen -- night they enter . the kitchen be empty . ichabod cross to another door , crouch . another break wax mark . int . van tassel house , sewing room -- night they enter ... the room with the elaborate loom . ichabod move he lantern to make a quick search , go to table . he touch the top of a candle . his finger come away with a bit of still wet wax . young masbath there be no other door . this be as far as she could have go . ichabod it be nothing . she come to read book , so she father will not find she . ( to convince himself ) it be absolutely nothing . young masbath what book ? ichabod fiction play and novel . baltus do not approve . now , come . it may not be long before Lady Van tassel return . young masbath but , sir ... what book ? where be they ? ichabod stop , look around . no book anywhere . young masbath if there be a secret place for book ... it could be just as good for the miss loan agreement . ichabod ponder this without say anything . int . van tassel house , sewing room -- later night search montage : - drawer be open and searched , quietly . - Young masbath use a candle to look up the fireplace . - ichabod open a linen cabinet , unfold blanket . - Young masbath look in a closet fill with big spool of sewing thread , on he knee , pull a wooden box forward . Inside it , he find only old cup and silverware . ichabod pull up a rug , feel along the floorboard . Young masbath crawl , do the same . he climb under the loom , tapping on the floor . tap ... tap ... tap ... he crawl further under the loom . tap ... tap ... plonk . a hollow sound . he tap again ... plonk ... plonk . young masbath constable . ichabod come over as Young masbath lift a loose board . under the floor , there be pile of book . masbath bring they up , hand they to ichabod , who study the spine . Young masbath reach in up to he shoulder . he come up with " loan agreement . " young masbath fie ! here they be . ichabod take they . name be near the top : " masbath , " " Van garret , " " philipse , " and " killian . " ichabod sit back , numb , he heart bitterly break . int . van tassel house , kitchen -- morning Lady Van tassel prepare food with two servant at the open fireplace / oven . ichabod enter , rush . ichabod Excuse I , Lady Van tassel ... Katrina be not in she room . lady van tassel no . she have go out . ichabod where ? lady van tassel she have take the last of we grain to be mill . ( crossing to he ) you do have a background in the medical art , do not you , constable ? ichabod very little . I must be go ... Lady Van tassel hold out she cut palm , the gash sewn shut . lady van tassel will you look at this ? I cut my hand this morning : I sew it myself , but I be afraid it will go bad . ichabod take she hand , distract and nervous . ichabod it appear well . it have already clotted . lady van tassel look closer . do you have anything to clean it with ? ichabod it be fine . now , I must ... Lady Van tassel grab ichabod by the wrist , tight . lady van tassel ( whisper , close ) I know you see I . ichabod what ... ? Lady Van tassel glance to servant , keep she voice low . lady van tassel I know you follow last night . you must promise not to tell baltus ... ichabod try to pull away , but she grip tighter . the front door be heard slamming . ichabod be panicky . lady van tassel have mercy on I . please ... have mercy . ichabod pull away just as baltus enter . Lady Van tassel go back to work as if nothing happen . baltus constable , it be urgent that we speak . ext . van tassel house front porch -- morning baltus lead ichabod to the porch . baltus clergyman steenwyck be call a meeting . this time he be determine to have you force out , or worse . ichabod how do you hear this ? baltus he come to I . he promise great violence . Said I should cast you out for my own protection . ( troubled pause ) I must speak honestly . there be no reason to think he will not meet with success . ichabod look to barn , see masbath bring the horse . the church bell be heard tolling far away . baltus that be the meeting bell already call . with the murder of killian and brom , no one see any good from you . if ... if you be to leave ... you might be save you own life . ichabod study baltus , then offer he hand . they shake . ichabod I appreciate you concern . I thank you , sir . ichabod hurry off , across the lawn , exasperate . he run . masbath run to he . ichabod take gunpowder and climb up . young masbath ( mount he horse ) what now ? where be she ? ichabod thing have become complicated . Katrina be at the mill . ride ahead , find she and bring she to meet I outside the church . find she at all cost . quickly . they ride , fast . ext . forest -- day a conjure pile of straw burn . glove hand unfold a paper fill with clipping of human hair . the hair be sprinkle on the fire . a cloak figure be kneele at the pile . the figure turn to remove a human skull from a cloth bag . the skull be place at center in the flame . it 's tooth be sharp , cut to point . the horseman' skull . ext . church -- day in the church yard refugee camp , food be prepare over fire . people inhabit the tent . int . church , steenwyck's quarter -- morning in the church : it 's crowded with family . pews fill with bedding and belonging . steenwyck come to close the double door of he quarter , turn , angry . father steenwyck you be astonish , constable . do you truly think you ridiculous accusation frighten I ? ichabod be do nothing to hide he disdain . ichabod only if I repeat they outside this room . and , I will if I must ... ( point to door ) out there , for all to hear . or ... you may speak , as plan . but , you tell they you feel compel to move on to greener pasture . father steenwyck no . you will not run I out . no one will believe a word of what you say . ichabod oh ? Far as I can tell , a rumor do not travel alone for long here . father steenwyck be you a deist ? be that it ? a free thinker who do not believe in divinity . ichabod it be only important what you be . a adulterer ... father steenwyck I be the Lord 's voice in this town . ichabod wallow in sin and lust ... father steenwyck they need guidance . ichabod wallow quite literally in blood . father steenwyck ( snap , quaking ) damn you , sir ! God damn you to hell ! ichabod he may . but , not soon enough for you , and not on you behalf . ichabod walk . steenwyck be humiliate . ichabod you be so upset now ... and yet , you seem in such good spirit last night . father steenwyck you can not do this . I be a man of God ! ichabod climb to the top of the tallest ladder you can find , Father . that be the close you ever come to God . int . church -- day pews be pack . steenwyck enter , walk to the altar . everyone quiet . steenwyck have compose himself , barely . father steenwyck my friend ... dear friend . that of you still on you farm , I thank you for come . he see ichabod near the back . thunder be heard outside . father steenwyck I ... I address unfortunate business . ( pause ) I be force to take my leave from sleepy hollow . I will be move on to do the Lord 's work elsewhere . the gatherer murmur shock . ichabod walk out . ext . the long straight road -- day raining hard . baltus and Lady Van tassel ride . baltus hurry along . the meeting have most certainly already begin . we do not want steenwyck as we enemy . Lady Van tassel trail . wood be heard splintering ... just off the road , a tree fall ... the trunk catch Lady Van tassel 's horse on its rear flank . the horse fall . Lady Van tassel hit the dirt . baltus look back , halting . Lady Van tassel look up to baltus in fear , then turn . behind she , the headless horseman trot from , the forest on daredevil , stop . calm . he take he axe in hand . ext . church -- day storm . the meeting be let out . near the churchyard gate , Young masbath ride with Katrina follow on a horse cart . ichabod walk up as Katrina dismount . katrina what be so urgent ? ichabod come with I . ichabod lead she to where they can talk away from other . katrina why have I not see you face for so long ? you look much better . she touch he face , but he take she hand , place the loan agreement there . ichabod explain this . I find they secrete away in the sewing room . Katrina 's expression change just so slightly to guilt . ichabod why ... why have I scramble and run and claw in all direction , only to find you against I ? he stare at she . Katrina stare back , in a small way defeat . she look for a out , but there be none . katrina I have be read you journal . I be sorry . I find it too fascinating to resist . ( pause , ashamed ) I ride to catch up with you at the notary , out of curiosity . before I find you though , I overhear what you be say . ichabod it be you there ? katrina when ... when you speak father 's name along with accusation , I could not believe it . I have to hide this ... at least till I could confront he myself . ichabod and , what do he say ? katrina he do not do this thing . if you know he , you would realize ... ichabod what do he say , Katrina ? katrina I have not be able to face he yet . ichabod the loan give the land to you father . it do not matter survivor be still on they farm . they could be throw off ... tomorrow ... a year from now . katrina yes , I have see that , and I tell you why I hide they . ichabod what would you have I believe ? katrina ( tiring , angry ) if you think I be behind this , say it . ichabod the name Van tassel be blacken . you share that name . katrina call I a liar , then , and a murderess . say it , out and out . many people be start to notice the confrontation . ichabod Katrina ... katrina speak the word , constable . what be stop you ? what have happen to you ability to transcend sentimentality ? emotion tear at he . rain seem to pound down harder . katrina oh , no . no. please ... do not dare stand look as if you still care for I , after all that you have say . if I be to confess , would that ease you suffer ? would that make it easier for you to hate I ?! a torture cry be heard o.s. baltus come charge through the square on he horse . baltus the horseman be come ! he 's barely hang on . he stop , practically fall off , run towards Katrina and ichabod . baltus save I ... katrina Father ? baltus he kill she ... baltus grasp Katrina , fearful . hoofbeat be heard . baltus the horseman have kill she . Far behind , the horseman ride to follow , axe hold up . instant mayhem -- people scatter all direction , scream . baltus run headlong to the church . katrina Father ! Katrina run after baltus . ichabod back away , watch the horseman come , then head to the church with masbath . baltus push through the iron gate , into tent city , join the swarm of townsfolk pour into the church . the horseman ride behind , close the gap . Men , woman and child run for cover all along the square . amidst the churchyard panic , ichabod look back ... the horseman reach the open gate and daredevil suddenly rear up , snort , unwilling to enter . the horseman grab daredevil 's rein , try to move forward again . same result . daredevil freak out . int . church -- day baltus make he way in , shove . people be still clamoring in through the door . Men pass rifle from stockpile and climb onto pews at board window . woman herd child into a cellar . baltus search for a hide place . he look across the church to see steenwyck close the door of he live quarter . baltus move ... baltus steenwyck ! at the front door , Katrina squeeze in with ichabod and Young masbath just as people be force the door close . it 's madness . people outside begin pound . Katrina search . katrina Father ! ichabod go to a window , look out between board . ext . church -- day across the yard , the horseman give he axe a underhand toss to the ground inside the gate . the axe instantly begins to degrade to dust in the rain . the horseman ride , keep outside the fence . int . church -- day ichabod come away from the window , look to panicked citizen . he see Katrina move up the aisle ... she 's head towards baltus , who slam against the door to steenwyck 's room . baltus damn you , steenwyck ! help I ! let I in ! rifle boom loudly as man at the window begin fire . ext . church -- day the horseman circle , under fire . great cloud of gun smoke shoot from the church . Men fire down from the belfry . part of the horseman and daredevil splatter red into the rain as slug hit without effect . at the other side of the church , the horseman come around , head to the town square . int . church -- day rifleman shout to each other , run to the opposite window to follow the horseman . Young masbath grab a rifle and leap to join the brigade . baltus be still beat steenwyck 's door when a huge farmer grip baltus angrily and throw he ... huge farmer you will kill we all ! baltus fall , knock over pews . Katrina 's nearby . huge farmer you be the one the horseman want . why should we die for you !? katrina no ! the huge farmer pick baltus up , drag he and shove Katrina aside as she approach . ichabod 's push past people , try to reach they . ext . church / town square -- day the horseman bring daredevil to a halt , yanking a large coil of rope off a hitching post . int . church -- day the huge farmer shove baltus to the floor again . huge farmer get out ! other join the rage , pull baltus towards the front of the church , shouting . ichabod struggle to push they off . ichabod stop this ! ichabod get to baltus ' side , try to protect . ichabod the horseman can not enter ! it do not matter who he want , he can not cross the gate ! at the window , one rifleman turn , cry out . one rifleman he 's come back ! more panic . the huge farmer move towards baltus . huge farmer we have to save ourselves ! baltus pull the pistol from ichabod 's holster , brandish . baltus no ! get away from I ! ext . church -- day the horseman ride past the front , fire upon . he halt at the wringht iron gate , reach to yank off one post which be point on top , like a arrow head . int . church -- day baltus hold everyone 's back with the pistol . baltus the next person to lay hand on I will have a bullet . stand off ! katrina Father ... baltus no ! we be safe here . ( point at ichabod ) you say it . the horseman will not have I . crash , the harpoon - like post spear through a window , trail rope tie to it ... crack -- skewer baltus from behind , the bloody point burst out he breast bone . baltus look down , drop the gun ... clutching the post with both hand . blood stream out he mouth . Katrina scream . the rope yank baltus back . he slam into the window ... ext . church -- day baltus crash out , hit the ground , drag ... outside the fence , daredevil run with the rope tie around he saddle pommel . the horseman stride forward , sword out . baltus slam the fence and the rope snap . he be hold there awkwardly , gurgle blood . the horseman reach baltus ... chop off he head . int . sleepy hollow forest -- day the storm have pass . empty forest . Long , peaceful pause , till ichabod make he way through , search the ground . ichabod come to look down a small hill . the corpse of Lady Van tassel lie headless , in a dirty , tear dress . ichabod walk to the body . Lady Van tassel 's arm be twisted behind . the sewn cut on the palm of she hand face up . ichabod ( shouting back ) here ! I have find she ... ( look at corpse , quiet and miserable ) here she be . int . van tassel house , upstair hall -- early evening Doctor lancaster come out from where Katrina be asleep . he close the door , wipe he sweaty face . ichabod wait . doctor lancaster it have be a terrible jolt to she nerve . ichabod you will stay at she side ? Doctor lancaster nod . ichabod walk . ext . van tassel house -- early evening it 's get dark . ichabod come out and cross the porch . a few of the hollow 's resident be here . Young masbath get up and follow ichabod onto the lawn . ichabod walk without wait . young masbath she 's the one who control the horseman , be not she , sir ? Sir ? ( no answer ) ichabod I need time for think . without you hang on my coattail for a change . ichabod keep walk . Young masbath stop , wounded . ext . western wood , tree of the dead -- night ichabod stand hold a torch , look up . the whole area be bright from the light off a giant fire . there be break lantern and barrel around the agonize , twisted tree . the tree be aflame , fire dance up the trunk , and through every branch to lick the sky . ext . forest -- day Dawn . ichabod be seat overlook the Hudson . he stare at the beauty around he , brood through bleary eye . gunpowder be tie to a tree . bird sing . the ledger be open in ichabod 's lap . he thumb page absently , just keep stare off . ext . forest -- day ( time CUT ) a fire burn in a circle of rock . ichabod 's ledger be throw in . the page catch quickly . ichabod watch , then walk away . he 's about to climb onto gunpowder , but on second think he open he satchel and dig out a book . he walk back to the fire , throw it on ... " Romeo and juliet . " flame devour it . ext . western wood , tree of the dead -- day the clear be silent . the twisted tree still stand , smolder , impressive as ever , or perhaps even more so with the alien appearance its blacken skin now afford it . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night ichabod pack up baggage . Young masbath be miserable . young masbath wo not you change you mind , sir ? what can I say to convince you ? ichabod nothing . to hell with this place and all the people here . ichabod close a bag , throw it with other . young masbath why ... why be you like this ? ichabod ( pause , soften ) you do not know all that have happen . ( pause ) you can not understand . ext . van tassel estate -- night a coach , with gunpowder as one of its team , wait in the orchard . Van ripper come to meet ichabod and masbath . ichabod half now . half when we reach the city . ichabod hand Van ripper money . Van ripper take the baggage . ichabod look to the manor House . only one light shine , in a second floor window . Katrina can be see there a moment as she close curtain . ichabod turn to Young masbath , who be beginning to cry . ichabod this be farewell . young masbath take I with you . there 's nothing leave for I here . ichabod I cannot . ( bend to masbath ) you should not worry . ( pause , sorrow ) Van ripper and he wife will look after you . they will . you will be well care for . Young masbath hug . ichabod hug back , swallow . ichabod I be sorry . ( quietly ) forgive I . I fail you . ichabod release and go quickly away , find this misery unbearable . he climb in the coach . young masbath do not go , constable . how can you leave ? inside the coach , ichabod slump back in darkness and close he eye . he pound twice on the coach wall . outside , Van ripper whip the rein . the coach start . Young masbath follow . the coach pick up speed on the long straight road . Young masbath stop , wiping tear . ext . town square / church -- night ichabod 's coach move through the town square . a few people in the churchyard 's tent city come out to watch it pass . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night the door be push open . Young masbath enter , look around the empty room . he go to sit in a chair at the work table , crossing he arm and rest he head . int . van tassel house , sitting room -- night a plate of food sit untouched . Katrina be slump down in a chair , heartbroken , stare into the fireplace . behind she , a shadow move across the room . ext . the long straight road -- night Van ripper lead the coach through the stone pillar mark the entrance of sleepy hollow . int . ichabod's coach -- night ichabod take off he hat , set it on the seat . the window between he and the driver slide open . van ripper Sir ... this be yours . ( offer something ) the Van tassel girl say to give it to you after you be go . ichabod take it . it be the bird / cage spin toy . he study it . what melancholy . int . van tassel house , dine room -- night Katrina sit with she eye close . a board be heard creaking . she sit up . suddenly , a figure in black be behind she as she turn . whack ! -- a glove fist strike . int . van tassel house , ichabod be room -- night a dull thud be heard downstairs , like a body fall . Young masbath take notice . he move to the door ... int . ichabod's coach -- night ichabod turn the string on the bird / cage toy , ponder it . the paper disk spin , image flicker until the bird appear to be inside the cage . ichabod keep spin it , look out the window . a tear roll down he cheek . the bird cage toy 's rotation slow ... stop . ichabod look at it a long moment , then pocket it and lean forward to the window at front . outside the coach ichabod 's face appear behind Van ripper . ichabod Van ripper , turn the coach about ! van ripper what do you say ? ichabod turn around . now ! int . van tassel house , foyer -- night Young masbath come down the stair , look around meekly . young masbath hello ? Katrina ? masbath start down a hall . he do not see , in another room , Katrina 's body be drag across the floor . ext . town square , doctor' residence -- night the coach come to lancaster 's . ichabod climb out before it even stop fully , satchel in hand . he hurry ... int . doctor' residence , parlor -- night Doctor lancaster , half asleep , come to answer banging on he door . ichabod push past , take lancaster 's lantern . ichabod pardon the intrusion ... int . doctor' residence , medical room -- night ichabod enter . there be two coffin on the floor . ichabod I never examine this body . ichabod remove the lid from one coffin . lancaster be about to say something indignant , but then just look disgust . doctor lancaster ... help yourself , you pompous ass . I will be in bed . ichabod would you stay , doctor ? I may need assistance . lancaster reluctantly remain . ichabod stare at the dead Lady Van tassel . the neck wound be cover by a stain brown cloth , which ichabod unwrap . ichabod stain of blood . doctor lancaster what of it ? ichabod take out one of the lense that survive the magnification spectacle , bend to examine the neck . ichabod jag flesh . ( pause ) the horseman do not do this . ichabod move to the side of the coffin , lift the hand with the stitched gash on its palm . ichabod here , Doctor . hold this just so ... lancaster hold the lens so that ichabod can study the cut through it . ichabod take a scalpel - like knife from he satchel , lift the hand and cut stitches . through the lens : the gash spread easily , soft , bloodless . ichabod no clotting or gather of pus . no heal at all . doctor lancaster what ? ichabod when this cut be make , this person be already dead . ( stand straight ) this be not Lady Van tassel . int . van tassel house , kitchen -- night Young masbath enter . the door swing shut . young masbath Katrina . ( step forward ) be anyone here ? behind he , the door slam open -- Lady Van tassel reach to grab Young masbath by the throat . ext . church / town square -- night ichabod charge up to the church door , pound . ichabod open the door . open up , damn it ! ( pound , shouting ) Lady van tassel be alive . the horseman be she puppet . please ... the door open and huge Farmer point a rifle at ichabod . frightened people peer out from behind . huge farmer be not we rid of you ? ichabod listen to I . Lady Van tassel have fake she death . I need able man ... huge farmer she 's dead , and you have go mad . ichabod no ... huge farmer ( step forward ) get out ! be not it enough that you have ruin this town ? go ! ichabod back away from the gun , frustrated , run ... at the doctor' residence , Van ripper be still on the coach . ichabod sprint over , breathless , take out he pistol . ichabod Van ripper ... do you have a gun ? van ripper yes. here ... Van ripper hold up a rifle . ichabod hold out he hand . ichabod May I see it ? Van ripper 's confuse , but hand the rifle over . ichabod immediately point he pistol at Van ripper . ichabod get down . hurry ! Van ripper climb off . ichabod climb up , whip the horse . ichabod sorry . Van ripper watch the coach leave , still with he hand up . ext . forest -- night in a wood area , Katrina lie unconscious . glove hand reach to she hair and cut off a clump with scissor . a conjure pile have be make , contain a small animal 's heart with a iron nail through it . Katrina 's hair be add and the pile be light to burn . nearby , Young masbath watch , on he belly with he hand tie behind he back . Lady Van tassel whisper over the fire , she white horse tie nearby . she look to Katrina , who stir . Lady Van tassel take the horseman 's skull from a bag over she shoulder , place the skull in the flame . thunder be heard . Lady Van tassel look up , smile . ext . western wood , tree of the dead -- night the wind toss leave in swirl . the twisted tree open wide , with a rumble -- shaft of light shoot out . ext . the long straight road -- night ichabod drive the coach hard ahead . ext . forest -- night Katrina sit up , groggy . Lady Van tassel look down at she . katrina you ... you be alive . lady van tassel be I ? or , be you and Young masbath dead along with I ? Katrina see Young masbath , and beyond he , the die fire . young masbath she command the horseman . lady van tassel and , quite beautifully do , would not you say ? it be almost over . thunder again . wind start to pick up . lady van tassel ( of the wind ) he ride tonight . katrina Father see you die . lady van tassel he see I throw ... see the horseman loom over I as I fle . thing I want he to see . but , as long as I govern the horseman , he cannot harm I . baltus do not stay enough to see that . he run as a coward , unfetter by my fate . young masbath then , whose body be it ... ? lady van tassel the precious servant girl Sarah . I kill she and keep she body hide , till I need it . and , when I return to the hollow tomorrow , my version of the truth will come to pass . ( fake meekness ) I mean , there I be that fateful day , follow baltus into the wood . I do not know what he be up to ... where he be go . I worried for he safety . Katrina cautiously move the hand she 's support herself with , feel a rock and clutches it . lady van tassel imagine my surprise , find he on a liason with a common servant . a girl who have apparently become he secret love . katrina no one will believe you lie , whore . lady van tassel this whore will see you mouth shut forever very soon . but ... I be not go to kill you . not I ... she pick up the horseman 's skull in she glove hand . lady van tassel he will have that honor . ext . western wood -- night the horseman ride daredevil , a freight train of molder flesh , head towards a chasm with no bridge . they reach it , gallop in mid-air to the other side . ext . long straight road / van tassel estate -- night ichabod guide the coach into the Van tassel orchard . ext . forest -- night Lady Van tassel admire the skull . lady van tassel ( mock sorrow ) woe be I ... that spying on my husband in he filthy indiscretion , I see he and Sarah attack by the horseman . oh pity I ... so overcome be I that I wander in the western Woods ... daze ... nearly blind from terror . Lady Van tassel crouch , rub dirt on she face . lady van tassel and , tomorrow be my grand performance , have barely survive the element ... ( more emote ) by sheer luck I find my way back to the hollow . but ... what do I find here ... ? my dear , sweet step - daughter Katrina be dead . why have God forsaken she ? see that Lady Van tassel lavish attention on Katrina , masbath take this opportunity to ease onto he knee . lady van tassel ( of herself , pleased ) no one will suspect this sad woman who have be through such a ordeal . with only the empty solace of she money and land to comfort she . ext . van tassel house -- night ichabod leap from the coach , bound up the porch . ichabod Katrina ! ext . forest -- night ichabod be heard . Lady Van tassel turn , astonished . katrina murderer ! Katrina sling the rock -- strike Lady Van tassel in the head , a glance blow that knock she down . Katrina run . Katrina grip Young masbath , help he up ... but , Lady Van tassel scramble up , grab Katrina and throw she back to the ground . Lady Van tassel step hard on Katrina 's ankle , touch she forehead , bleed , piss . lady van tassel you have be a naughty girl . Young masbath leap to action , charge head first -- slam into Lady Van tassel , send she backwards . Katrina run and pull masbath up . they flee . katrina ichabod ! Lady Van tassel roll , recover , not very concerned . lady van tassel Little bitch . ext . van tassel house -- night ichabod come out the open front door ... hearing ... katrina ( o.s. ) ( far away ) ichabod ! ichabod climb back on the coach , take off . ext . forest -- night Katrina and Young masbath run out from a line of tree . katrina ichabod ! young masbath here we be ! behind in the forest , Lady Van tassel ride she white horse , in no hurry . wind kick hard . hoofbeat be heard . lady van tassel run , Katrina ! fast as you pretty leg will carry you . it make no difference . on the lawn , ichabod drive towards Katrina and masbath . behind , at the tree line , Lady Van tassel hold up the horseman 's skull , wind toss she dress and hair . lady van tassel nothing will stop he now ! at mid-field , ichabod reach Katrina and masbath . ichabod climb up ! young masbath Lady Van tassel ... ichabod I know . hold on . with Katrina and masbath on board , ichabod turn the coach . Katrina unty masbath 's hand . hoofbeat get louder . lady van tassel olly -olly oxen-free ! ichabod look back towards Lady Van tassel . at the treeline , the horseman break into the open , hell on horseback . full speed ahead . ichabod Christ . ext . the long straight road -- night the coach hit the long straight road , away from the house . Katrina and masbath hold on as the coach shake violently . katrina where be we go ? ichabod I do not know . away . young masbath here he come ! behind , the horseman can be see on the forest border road . close fast . breakneck pace . ichabod we might make it to the church . masbath take a lantern , crawl back to the roof . katrina masbath ... ! he ignore , reach the rear of the coach and throw the lantern at the horseman . it smashes on the trail . ichabod damn it , boy , get back here ! Young masbath slide back . Katrina help he . young masbath what can we do ? ichabod take the rein . Young masbath take they . ichabod sling Van ripper 's rifle over he shoulder and start back . Katrina grip he . ichabod masbath be right . we must do something . she release . ichabod get to the luggage area at the rear , struggle to open a storage box . behind , the horseman draw he sword , closer . ichabod open the box , hefting out a long , jag saw . katrina ichabod ! ichabod look . the horseman ride up , swinging ... ichabod recoil -- thwack -- just miss by sword . the horseman let the coach get ahead , shifting to the other side of the trail ... come along side . ichabod backpedal , look to masbath . ichabod keep he off ! block he ! masbath guide the horse over . the horseman must fall behind to avoid the wheel . the coach hit a large , fall tree trunk . ichabod bounce , fall ... he hang off the side of the coach . Katrina climb to offer she hand . ichabod offer the see . ichabod take it ! Katrina take the see . now with both hand , ichabod try for better purchase . he grip the coach door . it open ... ichabod cling to the open door as branch slam he . he 's reach to the coach threshold , reach ... ichabod pull himself inside . boom -- the door hit a tree trunk , bashed to piece . ichabod look out from the coach , daze . he climb . Katrina look back as Young masbath guide the coach to block the horseman again . the horseman sheath he sword , riding ... reach to grip the back corner of the coach . the horseman dismount , cling , climb ... ichabod take the rifle off he shoulder , aim ... bang ! -- splattering the horseman 's hand point blank . the horseman hang on with he other hand . the horseman re-grip with the blast hand , amazing since it 's now all mush and bone . ichabod throw the rifle on he way to the driver 's perch , take the see from Katrina . ichabod move forward ! Katrina look to the horse , then at ichabod . ichabod go ! ichabod take the rein from Young masbath . ichabod help she . reins in one hand and see in the other , ichabod wait . the horseman rise up and move in , take out he sword . Young masbath climb down to the wooden pole connect the coach to the bridle , put out he hand . Katrina take it . behind , the horseman swing . ichabod block with the see . Young masbath guide Katrina as she leap onto one horse . bareback . Young masbath straddle the horse beside she . the horseman swing , backhand knock the sword from ichabod 's hand as ichabod fall back ... ichabod hit the bridle post , hang onto strap for dear life . his foot drag on the trail . above , the horseman come to the driver 's perch , close enough to kill Katrina . he raise he sword ... Katrina scream , ducking , helpless ... below , ichabod pull a bolt from the coach 's hitching - rod . he shove off with he foot . the horseman swing .... miss . the horse detach from the coach , drag ichabod along . the coach careen out of control . it fly off the trail , hit a incline and sail off , throw the horseman . the coach hit a tree trunk and smashes . further down the trail , the coach horse stop . Young masbath and Katrina climb off as ichabod get to he foot , hurt , clutching he previously wounded shoulder . young masbath what now ? ichabod I doubt that 's the end . katrina the church . ichabod he move too fast . ichabod unhook a lantern off the bridle rail . the trail behind be silent , till a bone chill screech be heard . katrina what be that ? ichabod his horse . they start move . ichabod look around . he see ... ichabod there ... through the tree line , the hollow 's massive windmill can be see against the sky . Katrina and Young masbath run . ext . windmill field -- night ichabod , Katrina and Young masbath book into this open area , head to the windmill . another horrible squeal echoe . ichabod look over he shoulder . heavy , low hang branch and vine at the forest edge creep to life , parting ... form a sort of black tunnel . ichabod he 's come ! the horseman gallop out , throw leave in he wake . ichabod hurry ! the horseman ready a battle axe . ichabod get under the windmill , help Young masbath up the ladder and in . Katrina next . the horseman be almost there . ichabod follow Katrina . he get in , foot dangle . the horseman dismount ... int . windmill -- night ichabod leap up and struggle with the heavy trap door ... slam it . he close the latch just as the horseman hit . the door buckle . young masbath it will not hold . ichabod go to a large grindstone against a wall . he struggle to roll it . Young masbath help he roll it to the trap door . it fall on top with a thud . the horseman 's sword jab up through the grindstone 's center hole . the sword withdraw . a pounding begin . ext . windmill -- night the horseman chop at the door with he axe . int . windmill -- night pounding continue . the grindstone shift . Katrina and Young masbath back away . ichabod hold he lantern up , desperate for idea , search . above , to the right , be the milling platform , where grain be ground and bag . to the leave be the crooked staircase . ichabod pick up a bail hook , a plan form . he give he lantern to Katrina and point . ichabod get up that stair . open the door to the roof and wait . Katrina and Young masbath obey . ichabod cross and climb the ladder to the milling platform . he grasp a wooden lever , pull it . gear above begin to turn . ext . windmill -- night the windmill 's rotor creak to life , spin . under the windmill , the horseman keep chopping . his axe expose grindstone , throw spark . int . windmill -- night Katrina look down from the stair . the horseman 's axe pries at the seam of the trap door . katrina ichabod ... ichabod keep climb . I will follow ... ichabod pull bag of grain , lining they up at the edge of the milling platform . ichabod ( under he breath ) hopefully . above , Young masbath reach the ceiling , throw open the door to the roof . below , ichabod cut hole into the grain bag , so mill grain spill out and fall to the floor , create dust . he grab one open bag and dump it . more grain dust . ext . windmill roof -- night masbath and Katrina come out . rotor spin behind they . int . windmill -- night ichabod see below ... the horseman stick a hand through , try to push the grindstone aside , then withdraw . the racking axe continue . wo not be long . ichabod grab one half - full bag of grain , swing it with effort , throw ... the bag smashes on the grindstone , busting the door ... ext . windmill -- night the grindstone fall through , slamming the horseman down ... int . windmill -- night ichabod slice into a sack hang from a pulley system . more and more dust rise . below , the horseman enter . Katrina shout from above . young masbath look out ! the horseman move toward the ladder milling platform ladder , but ichabod grab it , pull it up ... the horseman just miss the final rung . ichabod throw the ladder aside as the horseman back off . ichabod look to the staircase . no way to climb down from the milling platform and get there . the horseman run and leap , grab a hang chain ... the horseman climb the chain , swinging ... ichabod run across the platform , jump ... ichabod grasp the frail rail of the staircase , barely . the rail creak , about to break . behind , the horseman land on the milling platform . ichabod be lose grip . Young masbath race down the stair , grab he hand . he pull ichabod up . ichabod 's pistol slip from its holster and fall . ichabod and Young masbath look ... the horseman , follow ichabod 's lead , run across the milling platform and leap ... grab the staircase rail , only a few foot from ichabod and masbath . ichabod kick the rail , break it ... the horseman fall in billow dust , crash below . ichabod push masbath up the stair . ext . windmill roof -- night Katrina help they onto the roof . katrina quickly , close it . ichabod no. ( take lantern , point ) get to the crest of the roof and be ready to jump . young masbath jump ? jump where ? int . windmill -- night the horseman run , agile , up stair . ext . windmill roof -- night ichabod shepherd Katrina and Young masbath to the edge where the rotor spin close . ichabod the blade will carry we to the ground . face front and wait for I . katrina I ... I can not do this . ichabod we have no choice . ichabod move back to the trap door . Katrina and Young masbath look at the rotor , and down at the long distance between they and the ground . ichabod be ready ... ichabod throw the lantern into the windmill and run . ichabod now ! int . windmill -- night the horseman continue up . the lantern fall past . ext . windmill , roof -- night Young masbath jump . ichabod grip Katrina and jump ... they hit one rotor and cling to the frame and cloth . the rotor begin its downward swing . int . windmill -- night the lantern hit the ground and shatter . flame explode ! grain dust be consume instantaneously -- flame roar upwards , fill the windmill ... engulf the horseman . ext . windmill -- night the rotor be halfway to its lowest point . masbath , Katrina and ichabod hang on as the entire structure tremble . boom -- flame shoot out the window , door and seam , lighting up the night . on the rattling rotor , ichabod struggle to hold the frame with one hand and keep a grip on Katrina . masbath drop . ichabod release Katrina , then drop . they hit the ground . ichabod roll , gasp , hold he shoulder . they all look at each other in disbelief a moment . ichabod let out a sort of rasp laugh , stand . ichabod okay ... come on ... ichabod usher they across the field , uphill . running . lightn flash across the sky . thunder rumble . a bolt strike the windmill , and it explode ... shockwave deafening . the rotor bust apart . splinter of burn wood spin all direction . across the field , ichabod , Katrina and Young masbath keep run . there be a wooden cart park ahead . in the windmill rubble , the horseman rise , shove off burn debris . his flame - ravage uniform smolder . across the field , ichabod stumble onwards , but notice something horrible ... in the distance , Lady Van tassel 's white horse roam free . ichabod ( as this register ) oh , no ... Young masbath and Katrina be just past the cart when Lady Van tassel rise from behind it , swing a plank ... slam ichabod in the chest and send he down . Lady Van tassel grab Katrina 's hair , drag she . lady van tassel should have stay away , constable . ichabod get up slow , furious , reach to he holster , only to find it empty . he move forward . lady van tassel keep back , or I kill she . she take out scissors , hold they to Katrina 's neck . Katrina cease struggle . ichabod keep masbath behind he , keep he distance . Lady Van tassel shoot a glance ... lady van tassel see he ... par off , the horseman stride from the wreckage . lady van tassel you can not kill what be already dead . ichabod let she go ! lady van tassel yes ... yes . I think I will ... Lady Van tassel spin and throw Katrina in the cart , shove against it . ichabod no ! the cart roll downhill . ichabod move forward . Lady Van tassel turn , brandish the scissors , slashing and miss . ichabod back off . downhill , the cart pick up speed , head for the horseman . the horseman start run to meet it . uphill , Lady Van tassel grin . lady van tassel say goodbye to she . Lady Van tassel lunge , stabbing . ichabod avoid , put all he fury behind he fist -- punch she in the face . Lady Van tassel hit the ground and she bag fall open , send the horseman 's skull roll out ... the skull roll ... roll ... landing far away . downhill , Katrina leap out from the cart ... she land hard ... the horseman shove the empty cart aside , still on the move . uphill , ichabod see the skull . he run towards it . Lady van tassel grab ichabod by the ankle . he fall . downhill , Katrina run back . the horseman be catch up . uphill , ichabod try to pull for ree from Lady Van tassel . Young masbath come behind she - bam - hit she in the head with the wooden plank . she 's out . ichabod scramble to he foot . downhill , the horseman catch Katrina , take she by the hair as she fall to she knee and scream . uphill , ichabod run ... grasp the horseman 's skull . he run towards the horseman and Katrina . downhill , Katrina struggle , but the horseman hold she ready by she hair ... raise he sword ... uphill , ichabod throw the skull ... ichabod horseman ! the skull spin through the air ... the horseman drop Katrina , reach up ... catch the skull . Katrina run . ichabod run to meet she , grab she as she fall , exhaust . together , they back away from the horseman . the horseman hold the skull out , then bring it to he shoulder , to its rightful place . thunder pound . transformation begin -- blood and flesh rise up from the horseman 's throat and grip the skull . Young masbath drop the plank , watch in awe . the horseman 's reformation continue . muscle form . liquid become solid . he be make whole once more , the same evil , human face we see in baltus ' storey . he look to ichabod and Katrina , touch he restore face . daredevil ride up , screeching . the horseman replace he sward and climb into the saddle . he ride towards Katrina and ichabod , but pass they by . they be so exhaust they fall down . Young masbath back up as the horseman come , but the horseman do not want he either . the horseman lean to grab Lady Van tassel 's unconscious form , pull she up across daredevil 's back . he ride away with she . ichabod and Katrina watch he go . they look at each other , then kiss gratefully . ichabod look to Young masbath . ichabod how be you ? young masbath tire . ichabod smile and hold out he arm . masbath come over . Group hug . lightn brighten the farmland around they . ext . western wood , burial ground -- night hoofbeat . the horseman enter the clear , keep a hand on Lady Van tassel . ahead , the twisted tree await . Lady Van tassel be awaken , face bloody . she turn she head and look forward . she scream . the twisted tree 's wound open , wide and glow . daredevil pick up speed ... daredevil leap just as a lightning bolt blast down , strike the horseman . for a instant , horseman and horse be transformed , skeleton of light , enter the tree . silence and smoke . at the tree , Lady Van tassel 's hand stick out from the tight - shut suture . the sewn wound on she palm seep blood . ext . new york CITY STREET , ichabod be home -- day a bright , busy day in New York . a coach pull up to ichabod 's home . ichabod be the driver . he get off , go and open the coach door . he help Katrina down . next , Young masbath stick he head out . ichabod go about unload bag . Katrina hold Young masbath 's hand , and they look down the street in wonder . the end