S L E E p L E S S I N S E a T T L E by Jeff arch rewritten : nora ephron &amp ; delia ephron May 10 , 1992 -------------------------------------------------------------- fade in : close on SAM baldwin a card : Chicago . he 's in he thirty . his neck be pinch into a crisp dress shirt and tie . his expression be vacant , faraway . a breeze blow but he do not react to it . in the distance the architecture of the Chicago skyline . SAM mommy get sick and it happen just like that and there be nothing anybody would do . ( continue ) and pull back to reveal : ext . chicago - a gravesite - day next to Sam be he son jonah , age 9 . Sam 's hand be on he shoulder . as the mourner go past and each take a turn shoveling a clod of dirt into a open grave -- SAM if we start ask why we will go crazy . so , rule number one . we do not ask why . CUT to : close on annie reed pretty , blonde , animated . jeans , a T-shirt , a Baltimore oriole hat . annie why ? I just want to know why ? that 's my first rule . I always ask why . come on . tell I . c'mon , c'mon , c'mon -- and pull back to reveal : ext . chicago alley - day Annie be talk to she boyfriend , a good- look guy name seth . they be carry pack box into the house they share in the Old town section of Chicago . the same stun architecture in the b.g . they go up the back wooden staircase to the house . seth there 's no why , Annie . I be just not up for it . I never say I be . annie be there somebody else ? seth nope . annie you do not love I , be that it ? seth nope . follow they into : int . kitchen - dusk as they set down the pack box and Seth start to assemble they . annie how about ... you be too narcissistic to commit to another human be in a long - term way . seth ( agreeably ) that 's good . CUT to : int . sam' chicago town house - day a attractive , thirtyish couple , suzy and greg be stock Sam 's freezer with enough Ziploc meal for a month . a number of friend and relative talk quietly in the live room beyond . Sam stand alone by a window that look into the backyard . we can see a garden of flower -- clearly plant by Sam 's wife . suzy five minute in the microwave . any one of they , five minute and do . ready to eat . do you know how to make juice ? SAM microwave . five minute . CUT to : anniee kitchen - several day later pack box . Seth be move out . annie you take the microwave ? seth what be I go to do with a microwave ? annie you turn it on , you open it and you stand in front of it for a very long time . seth so you be angry . Big deal . CUT to : sam' office - day a large modern architectural firm in a Chicago high - rise . Lake Michigan out the window . a large space with several architect consulting , draft , etc . Sam be at he desk , work . a older colleague , rob , come over to he . Rob have a mustache , smoke a pipe ; he 's kind but a little stuffy . rob Young man , it 's none of my business , but maybe you should talk to someone . I myself have consult a professional . I use to be up tight . on Sam 's face . it 's hard to imagine Rob be any more uptight than he be . Sam take some business card out of he shirt pocket and read they off . SAM hypnotherapy ... shiatu massage ... loss of spouse support group ... single parent discussion night ... Parents without partner . ( start riffling , angry ) partner without parent . people who need people . guy who go into the wood , beat drum and bond . get a shrink . hug a friend . hug yourself . he stop , realize that everyone in the room be stare at he . quickly they pretend they be not pay attention . someone whisper something to a client . SAM ( continue ) do not mind he . he 's the guy who just lose he wife . ( beat ) what I really think be we need a change . rob good idea . take a few week off , get some sun , take jonah fishing -- SAM ( shaking he head no ) a real change . New city . someplace where every time I go around a corner I do not think of maggie . and hold on Sam for a moment and -- dissolve : ext . wrigley field - day Sam , jonah and maggie walk toward the field . it 's a gorgeous day for a game . they high - five each other . rob ( v.o . ) where you go to go ? and cut back to : int . sam' office - day as Sam snap out of it . SAM I be think about Seattle . int . chicago tribune - day the live section of the paper . Annie be blow she nose as she finish tell she tale of woe to she boss , laurie johnson . laurie honey , he be not right for you . annie ( blow she nose ) I know . laurie he be not even wrong for you , like cosmically wrong , so do not beat up on yourself for waste ... however long it be . annie I know . ( blow she nose again ) she pour Annie a cup of hot water . Annie pull a teabag out of she pocket , put it into the water . laurie maybe you should see a shrink . annie I want my money . laurie go home for the weekend . annie ( after a beat ) that 's what I be go to do . I be go to go home . ( she think about it ) I quit . Laurie , I quit . I be go back to Baltimore . ( she 's giddy ) how do a blonde do a high - five ? she smack herself in the head . CUT to : o'hare airport - day the X where walkway k cross with walkway L. come down walkway k be Sam , jonah , suzy , greg , they son mack , and several other friend . and come down walkway L be Annie with Laurie and a couple of friend from the paper , judith and diane . they pass each other go in diagonal direction and continue on . we stay with Sam 's group : jonah ( to mack ) dad say I be go to get use to it , but I do not think you can ever get use to a designate hitter . overlap : suzy ( to Sam ) eventually , in a few month , you will start see woman , you will meet someone . SAM move on . right . that 's what I be go to do . in a few month , boom , I will be fine , I will just grow a new heart . suzy I be sorry -- greg Sam , she do not mean -- Sam be shaking he head no as they reach the gate for the Seattle plane . SAM I know , I know . ( emphatic ) look , it do not happen twice . CUT to : Annie 's group , as they approach the gate for the Baltimore plane . annie I be go to meet someone , someone nice and stable who wear a hat so he will not catch a cold , and I be go to marry he and have three child and live happily ever after . I mean , I be not cut out for this -- diane for what ? annie for life as we know it . laurie just make sure he be not fat like my Michael or you will spend you whole life worry he 's go to drop dead . judith God , you guy be so romantic . annie do you know how long romance last ? ( she snap she finger ) that long . diane Steven still bring I flower every Friday and we have be marry 10 year . laurie ( to Diane ) honey , nobody want to hear that . ( to Annie ) here , darling , have some tic tacs . kiss everyone . Annie start toward the plane , load with stuff . annie the next time you see I I be go to be incredibly happy . int . plane - night Sam and jonah sit together as the plane wait on the runway . he notice he father 's distractedness , reach over and take he hand . Sam come back into focus . SAM I be you dad . do not ever forget that . that 's rule number two . ( beat ) it 's you and I , kid . int . plane - night Annie sit by herself as the plane wait on the runway . annie ( to herself ) I guess it 's just we . she gulp . ext . o'hara airport - night the two plane face in opposite direction , wait for instruction . and now they both start to take off . in opposite direction . and we pull back back back back as the plane take off , one fly east , the other fly west . and further and further back as they soar into the air and leave the frame . the night sky . star twinkle . and now tilt down to see the United States . it look like a cross between a satellite photo and a draw by saul Steinberg . a light go on in Baltimore . a light go on in Seattle . they be the only light on the map . ext . baltimore SUN build - late afternoon - christmas eve as Annie come out of the newspaper building with walter jackson , a tall , handsome man who wear a hat . they be carry a armful of Christmas present . they be walk toward the parking lot . walter the short one with black hair be you cousin irene -- annie -- who 's marry to -- walter harold , who run away with he secretary but come back -- annie -- because irene threaten to put the dog to sleep if he do not -- walter and you brother Tom be a psychology professor and be marry to ... betsy -- annie -- who be the most competitive woman in the world -- they put the present in the back of they two car and pull out together . ext . a house in baltimore suburb - night Christmas light twinkle as the two car pull up in front of a comfortable upper middle - class house and park they car . they get out assemble present . walter you uncle milton lose all he money in a Puerto rican condominium that go belly up , do not mention the IRS or the Federal prison system . you mother be Barbara , you father be cliff -- annie I hope he do not get out he slide . walter be I what they have in mind ? annie they be go to love you . as they start toward the house . CUT to : clanging on the wine glass . and pull back to reveal : int . anniee parent ' dine room - night barbara everybody ! Annie have a announcement -- annie walter and I be engage ! and the family 's at the diner table . Annie 's family be a completely normally - look wasp family -- only everyone be a little eccentric . Annie 's mother barbara , a beautiful gray-haire , fantastically cheerful woman , clap she hand together . her father cliff , who 's at the head of the table next to she , give Annie a kiss . Annie 's brother tom and he wife betsy be at the table , along with cousin irene and she husband harold . uncle milton , who 's irene 's father and Barbara 's brother . there be about five child there , too . irene that 's wonderful , Annie . I hope it last ... for year and year . betsy ( the competitive one ) do you have a ring ? annie no . not yet . betsy oh. well . how will anyone know ? tom because you be go to call they all and tell they . congratulation , walter . he clap walter on the back . walter sneeze . and sneeze again . cliff be you all right ? walter it 's nothing . nothing . annie it 's probably just the flower -- barbara we will move they -- walter do not touch they . I feel terrible sneezing at a time like this . this be a big moment for I -- annie ( overlap ) he 's allergic to everything , do not worry about it -- harold be . I be allergic to bee . cliff not salmon I hope -- annie if he eat one tiny piece of a nut -- walter ( cheerfully ) my head swell up like a watermelon and I drop dead . irene it 's the same with harold and bee . cliff you mother and I have salmon at we wedding , and I really think a wedding without cold salmon -- walter I be not allergic to salmon . I do not think . but you never know . harold you never know . barbara oh , honey , I feel terrible , we use up this magnum of champagne we be save on something else , what do we use it for ? tom uncle milton 's parole -- barbara right . uncle milton and it be delicious . barbara it be , be not it , milton darling -- betsy when be you get marry , Annie ? cliff in early June . in the garden . harold do it have to be in the garden ? irene what about harold and bee ? barbara we will spray you . cliff cold salmon . a lovely cucumber salad . strawberry . walter I be afraid I be allergic to strawberry . cliff no strawberry . Annie smile at walter . annie ( to walter ) be that all right with you ? walter ( to Lou gehrig line ) today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth . irene what be you wear ? annie I do not know . betsy I wish you would wear my dress . I only wear it once , and you ' will barely have to do anything to it except take it in in the bust -- barbara I have something that might do -- int . live room - later walter be sit on the couch as cliff show he slide of cloud formation in Guatemala . in the next room Tom 's at the piano and the kid be sing Christmas carol . int . back stairway - simultaneous max , one of the child , be teach uncle milton to burp . int . attic - night the sound of Christmas carol from below . the attic be full of box and Annie walk through with she mother . they come to a dressmaker dummy with a sheet over it . Barbara remove the sheet . a beautiful antique dress . a veil sit on top of the dummy . barbara the historical Society want this and I never would give it to they -- annie granny 's dress . oh , Mom . barbara I notice this thing be back in fashion . oh , honey . ( tear be roll down she face as she try the veil on Annie ) he 's a lovely man , Annie . annie I know . he 's wonderful , be not he ? barbara be he folk nice ? annie you will love they . we be go down to D.C. tonight to be with they Christmas morning . barbara how do it happen ? Barbara start to unbutton the tiny button on the back of the dress and remove it from the dummy . annie it 's silly , really . I mean , I would see he at the office , obviously I would see he , he 's the associate publisher , and then one day we both order sandwich from the same place , and he get my lettuce and tomato sandwich on whole wheat , which of course he be allergic to , and I get he lettuce and tomato on white . barbara ( utterly without irony ) how amazing . annie it be , be not it ? you make million of decision that mean nothing and then one day you decide to order takeout and it change you life . barbara destiny take a hand . annie oh , please . destiny 's just something we have invent because we can not stand the fact that everything that happen be accidental . barbara then how do you explain that you both order exactly the same sandwich except for the bread ? how many people in this world like lettuce and tomato without something else like tuna ? annie it be not a sign . it be a coincidence . Barbara shrug , slip the dress off the dummy and Annie step into it . barbra start to button the dress on Annie . barbara I be in Atlantic City with my family . cliff be a waiter . he talk I into sneaking out for a midnight walk on the steel pier . I have probably tell you this a million time , but I do not care . and then he hold my hand . I be scared . all sort of thing be go through my head . but after a while I forget about they . at one point I look down , at we hand , and I could not tell which finger be mine and which be he . and I know . annie ( hearing it for the first time ) what ? barbara you know . annie ( she do not know , but she do not want she mother to know she do not know ) what ? barbara Magic . it be magic . annie ( repeat ) Magic . barbara I know we would be together forever , and that everything would be wonderful , just the way you feel about walter . walter . it 's quite a formal name , be not it ? ( lowering she voice ) one of the thing I truly know be that you father and I be go to have a wonderful time ... in the sack I believe you call it -- annie Mom ! barbara of course it take several year before everything work like clockwork in that department , so do not be worried if it take a while -- annie Mom , we already ... barbara well , fine , fine . fiddle da dee . and how 's it work ? annie like ... clockwork . she turn to look in the mirror . the dress do not fit at all . it 's completely lopsided . one shoulder be higher than the other . the waist be in the wrong spot . the effect be quite comical . barbara so you will get marry in a new dress . annie it 's a sign . barbara ( gently ) you do not believe in sign . ext . STREET - late the house Christmas light sparkle outside , twinkle on the tree inside , and the warm light spilling out . annie they love you . I tell you they would love you and they do . walter I love you . annie I love you , walter . ( beat ) do anyone ever call you anything other than walter ? walter nope . annie even when you be young ? walter nope . not even when I be young . it 's start to rain . walter you sure you do not want to drive with I ? annie how will I get back to Baltimore Saturday ? ( remember something ) oh God , I forget my present for you stepmother -- I take it inside by accident . walter I will wait . annie do not be silly . I will just be ten minute behind you . ext . beltway - night as Annie drive back toward Washington , D.C. raining . int . car - night Annie drive . present on the front seat . she 's sing " sleigh ride " and do all the sound effect and clipclop and giddyup . after a moment , she realize she do not know all the word and turn on the radio . dr . marsha' fieldstone's voice welcome back to " you and you emotion . " I be Dr. marcia fieldstone broadcasting across America from the top of the sear Tower in Chicago where we would have a fantastic view of Santa Claus and he reindeer if there be a -- oop , never mind . tonight we be talk about wish and dream . what 's you wish this Christmas Eve ? maybe the best present you can give yourself be a call to I . the number be -- annie give I a break . Annie change the station . radio voice the subject of the evening 's medical update be you and you spleen and we host -- she flip the dial back the other way . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) we caller be from Seattle . Annie change the station . radio voice come up , jingle bell backwards , sung by the New Jersey cape mayettes -- Annie twist the dial back the other way . we hear a young boy 's voice . boy' voice ( v.o . ) hello , this be jonah -- ( there 's a bleep as jonah say he last name ) Annie 's hand linger on the dial . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) no last name , jonah . hello there , you sound young than we usual caller . how come you be up so late ? jonah ( v.o. ) it 's not that late in Seattle . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) get I there . what 's you Christmas wish , jonah ? jonah ( v.o. ) it 's not for I . it 's for my dad . I think he need a new wife . Annie shake she head . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) you do not like the one he be now ? jonah ( v.o. ) he do not have one now . that 's the problem . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) where 's you mom ? jonah ( v.o. ) she die . Annie close she eye for a moment . annie I do not believe this -- ext . highway - night as the car drive along . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) I be sorry to hear that , jonah . jonah ( v.o. ) I have be pretty sad , but I think my dad be worse . int . car - night dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) and you be worried about he . jonah ( v.o. ) I be worried about he , he 's worried about I , I ride my bike to school , he follow in the car , like I be not suppose to know he 's there . now it 's Christmas , and you know what happen to people at Christmas . annie they lose they mind and call crackpot doctor on the radio -- dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) have you talk to you dad about this ? jonah ( v.o. ) no . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) why not ? jonah ( v.o. ) it 's very hard for he to talk about this stuff . it 's like it make he sadder . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) you want I to talk to he ? annie perfect . sandbag the father . jonah ( v.o. ) and you crazy ? he think show like this be dumb . if you do not have a 800 number I could never get away with this -- dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) be he home right now ? jonah ( v.o. ) yeah . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) well , I think I can help a little more if I talk to he directly . jonah ( v.o. ) I do not know -- dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) I be sure he will not be angry once he realize how concerned you be about he . jonah ( v.o. ) okay , but if I get yell at , I be never gonna listen to this show again . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) Fair enough . int . sam' houseboat - night jonah be on the telephone on the first floor of the houseboat he life in with Sam . he 's get the phone cord come out of the small first - floor study , and he 's stand near the kitchen end of a large live area look out at the back deck , where he dad be sit in a deck chair look out at the sea . jonah dad -- SAM what be it ? on annie again . jonah ( v.o. ) there 's somebody on the phone for you . ( into phone ) his name be Sam . annie this be completely disgusting . int . baldwin houseboat - night Sam poke he head in the back door . he look much as he do eighteen month earlier , except that he hair be a little longer . he pick up the phone extension . SAM hello . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) hello , Sam , this be Dr. marcia fieldstone on Network America . Sam look across the room to jonah . SAM I be probably not interested in whatever you be sell . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) I be not sell anything . you son call and ask for advice on how to find you a new wife . SAM ( he really do not get she name ) who be this ? dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) ( repeat herself ) Dr. marcia fieldstone of Network America . SAM Jesus , be we on the air ? jonah , for God 's sake -- jonah do not be mad at I , dad . Sam can see jonah . he 's frighten . Sam immediately feel how upset jonah be . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) he feel that since you wife 's death you have be very unhappy . he 's genuinely worried about you . Sam be look at jonah , who 's roote to the spot he 's stand on . SAM ( to jonah ) I be not mad at you . okay , I be not mad at you . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) I think it 's hard for he to talk to you about all this . maybe we could talk and it would make he feel a little better . Sam hesitates . jonah please -- int . anniee car - night annie this be a grotesque violation of this man 's personal life , but never mind -- SAM ( v.o. ) all righ ... dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) good . how long ago do you wife die ? int . houseboat - night SAM it 's be about a year and a half . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) have you have any relationship since ? SAM no . Sam be very uncomfortable about this -- dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) why not ? SAM look , Doctor , I do not want to be rude , but -- dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) and I do not want to invade you privacy -- int . car - night annie sure you do . SAM ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) sure you do -- Annie smile . SAM look , we have a tough time at first , but I think I be hold my own as a dad , and jonah and I will get along fine again as soon as I break he radio . Annie laugh . so do Mr. fieldstone int . houseboat - night jonah be smile too . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) I have no doubt that you be a good dad . you can tell a lot from a person 's voice . but something must be miss if jonah feel that you be still under a cloud . jonah tell she how you do not sleep at night . SAM how do you know that ? Sam and jonah both talk into they extension , literally talk to each other on the phone within they own house , but also on the AIR . jonah I can hear you walk around sometimes . at first I think it be a robber . go ahead , tell she , dad . SAM I do not think I have to now . Sam start across the room towards jonah , who start toward he , both of they hold they phone receiver . on the wall in the dining area be a pine bench . SAM look , it 's almost Christmas -- ( as the two of they sit down together on the bench ) a kid need a mother -- he put a arm around jonah . int . car - night as Annie listen . she 's soften considerably . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) could it be that you need someone just as much as jonah do ? annie yes . Annie catch herself , cover she mouth in embarrassment . annie I be lose my mind . ext . highway - night as Annie make a turn off the beltway into a rest stop . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) we have be talk to -- well , let 's just call he sleepless in Seattle , and we will be right back after this break with listener response , you response , to the thing we have be discuss . the number to call be ... int . baldwin house SAM what 's she talk about ? jonah this be where other people get to call in and dump on what you say . we hear the beginning of a commercial . int . truck stop restaurant - night Annie walk in , anxious to break the spell of she radio reverie . she go to the counter to order some coffee . there 's a commercial on the radio . the counter waitress loretta be talk to the customer -- who include a truck driver at a booth . harriet , a short - order - cook , be visible through a open window to the kitchen . loretta I will bet he 's tall , with a cute butt . harriet I will bet he have not shave in a week . I will bet he stink . loretta shut up , harriet . ( to Annie ) what will it be ? annie coffee , please . Black . to go . loretta maybe I should hustle myself out to Seattle . give he a little present for New Year 's Eve . harriet you can go there if you want but do not open he refrigerator . they do not cover anything when they put it in the fridge . they just stick it in and leave it there till it walk out by itself . loretta harriet , ever since you divorced you last husband , you have be no fun . I be look , and this guy pop my tart . truck driver come on , Loretta , you be go to have to jump -start this guy . his battery 's dead . and look at I . mister ever-ready . every six minute , another charge . loretta I be look for someone sensitive . annie come on , nobody want a guy who 's sensitive on the radio . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) let 's take a call before we get back to sleepless . knoxville , Tennessee , you be on . sweet southern voice yes , I would just like to know where I could get this man' address ? loretta ( to the radio ) honey , get on line . ext . diner - night as Annie get into she car . ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. STREET - night Annie drive toward the house where walter 's parent live . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) do you think there 's somebody out there you could love as much as you wife ? maybe even more ? SAM ( v.o. ) it 's hard to imagine . and cut back and forth between the car and the houseboat . Sam and jonah be still on the bench , but jonah have fall asleep in Sam 's lap . Sam be stroking the boy 's hair . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) what be you go to do , Sam ? SAM I do not know . when I meet my wife , it be so clear . I just know . Annie be listen now . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) what be it that make you know ? SAM I do not think I could really describe it . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) why not ? SAM and if I could describe it , it probably would not be on a radio show . ( he laugh to himself ) but what the hell . it 's not one specific thing . it 's more of a feel . ( continue ) Annie coast to a stop outside a handsome mansion in Washington , D.C. , the motor run . she 's hook now , she 's not get out of the car until she 's hear it all . SAM you touch she for the first time , and suddenly ... you be home . it 's almost like ... annie Magic . SAM Magic . closer on annie realize she have just say this . realizing that it must mean something but not know what . she' crying . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) well , it 's time to wrap up , folk -- a figure appear at the passenger side window , which Annie do not notice . she 's wiping the tear away with she hand . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) we hope you will call again soon . the figure tap on the window -- walter ( muffle , outside car ) Annie ? dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) ... and let we know how it 's go . -- and tap again . walter Annie ? she turn . he 's point at the lock door . she search for the button . finally find it so that walter can open the door . annie I be sorry , walter . I just hear the most amazing thing on the radio . they start toward the front door , walter and Annie carry present , a overnight bag of Annie 's . annie people call up this show and you can not believe the stuff they say . it 's the end of privacy as we know it , this country be just one big global village with everyone out there go blah blah blah -- as they enter the house , we hear Silent night and we see a Christmas tree , glitter with light . CUT to : a christmas tree glittering with light as we pull back to reveal : int . houseboat - early morning as jonah open he present under the tree and we cut from gift to gift : a brooks robinson baseball glove which jonah love and which he put on he hand and keep on while continue to open : a tie which mystify he , but he hang it around he neck . a plaid shirt a map of the UNITED states -- the kind that 's use in schoolroom that pull down from a roller . and now Sam bring out a long narrow present from behind the door and jonah open -- a new fishing rod ext . houseboat - day as jonah pose with all he Christmas present -- he tie hang around he neck over he bathrobe and new plaid shirt , he baseball glove , fishing rod -- as Sam take he picture . int . houseboat - day ( or possibly ext . deck houseboat ) Sam open he present from jonah , which be something he make in woodwork class . SAM the hope be perfect -- beautiful , identical , smooth -- and they be for something really amazing I feel it in my bone -- jonah it 's a spice rack . SAM we desperately need a spice rack . desperately . CUT to : int . kitchen of houseboat - day SAM and we desperately need spice . where Sam be put the spice they have -- pepper , salt , paprika and oregano -- into the spice rack , which have room for at least twenty more . jonah be methodically make pancake . jonah dad ? about last night ? SAM it 's never happen again . right ? jonah right . there 's a knock on the door . SAM then it never happen . Sam go to answer the door . two young women be stand there . both be wear quite a lot of spandex . one of they be name lulu . it say so on she jacket . the other be jobeth . SAM hi. lulu hi. Sam ? SAM yes ? lulu ( look in and see jonah ) you must be jonah . jonah nod . lulu ( to she friend ) see . I tell you . Sam and jonah . I be lulu . this be jobeth . jobeth nod , and continue to nod as lulu talk . lulu ( continue ) we live two pier over , do not we ? number 12 , right ? we be have like a really neat open house today from like four to whenever if you care to stop by . SAM thanks , but ... we have get plan . lulu well , here 's the number . if you ever find yourself sleepless , give we a call . we also ... do babysit . she wink . jo Beth nod . Sam nod . lulu wave goodbye , and she and jobeth sashay off down the dock . jonah close the door and turn to Sam . jonah not . SAM my feeling exactly . ext . lake union marina - early morning jonah and Sam be fishing off a dingy . SAM how many people do you think hear that thing last night ? jonah it play in 50 state . SAM what ?! jonah nobody else be go to know it be we . SAM you be right . ( after a beat ) you better hope so . ext . baltimore SUN - morning int . lifestyle section - day a large open newsroom - type space with reporter at computer . around the perimeter be glass - partition office and meeting room . Inside one of the office be becky , the lifestyle editor of the Sun . she 's at a table with Annie , now a reporter for the section , and two other colleague -- keith and wyatt . Wyatt be play gameboy . keith this man sell the great soup you have ever eat , there 's a line around the block , and he be , I be not kid , the meanest man in America . ( beat ) I feel strongly about this , Becky . this be not just about soup . becky do it . what else ? wyatt New Year 's Eve . please do not make I write it . Becky look at Wyatt , notice the gameboy . becky Wyatt , I do not mean to remind you of you mother , but if you do not put that game away , no tv for a week . wyatt ( push it to the center of the table ) would someone look this up , do not tell I where . Becky be riffling through some papers on the table , among which be some tearsheet from the Associated Press wire . becky listen to this . phone service in the great Chicago area be tie up for two hour Christmas Eve because some kid call a phone - in show to get a wife for he father . two thousand woman call in for the number . keith Jesus . annie I hear it . this kid call up and say my dad need a wife and I be talk to myself in the car say , this be completely disgusting , you be take advantage of a child , and then the father get on and this shrinkette say , do you want to talk about it ? and he say no as a matter of fact I do not , and I be say , bravo ! right on ! do not talk to she , it 's none of she business -- ( she 's completely into this story now ) -- and then suddenly , for no reason at all , he 's talk about how much he love he wife , and how he just -- ( she snap she finger ) fall in love with she and I be cry . me. a tear be actually roll down my face . it be like what happen when I watch that phone company ad . I do not have to see the whole ad , I just have to see the part where the daughter give she mother a refrigerator with a big red bow on it , have you see that one ? everyone look at she . apparently she 's finish . becky you should write something about this . annie about what ? becky whatever it be . keith ( wave the ap story ) what it be be , there be a lot of desperate woman out there look for love . wyatt especially over a certain age . Annie be look at they . this be not what she be talk about at all , although she be not quite sure what she be talk about . keith it be easier to be kill by a terrorist after the age of 40 than it be to get marry -- annie that be not true . that statistic be not true . becky it 's not true , but it feel true . annie there 's practically a whole book about how that statistic be not true -- wyatt calm down . you bring it up -- annie ( sharply ) I do not , Wyatt . a beat , everyone pause . thing be a little out of hand . becky so where be we ? wyatt New Year 's Eve . I will do it , okay ? becky okay . annie if someone be a widower , why do they say he be widow ? why do not they say he be widower ? everyone look at she strangely . annie I be jus wonder . ext . baltimore STREET - day Annie walk purposefully , follow by Becky , hurry to catch up . becky what be that about up there ? annie what be what ? becky what 's with you ? annie nothing 's with I . int . baltimore restaurant - day Becky and Annie be have lunch . becky " sleepless in Seattle " ? annie that 's what she call he on the show . because he can not sleep . becky and now 2,000 woman want he number . the guy could be a crackhead , a psychopath , a flasher , a junkie , a transvestite , a chain - see murderer , or someone really sick , like Rick . annie actually , he sound nice . becky oh ? oh , really ? now we be get down to it . annie not . she reach down for she purse . int / ext . remodel house - day a hand reach down to pick something up -- the Seattle newspaper , and pull back to reveal : Sam carry the paper down / up the stair to a old house that 's be renovate . jonah , who be play cameboy , be walk along with he . workmen be active everywhere . dry wall go up , cabinet be install , tile be set . one of Sam 's partner , bob langman , be walk with he , and jay mathews , the on-site supervisor , be wait for they in a unfinish doorframe . Bob be hefty , older , always eat something dietetic . jay be young and always wear as little as possible , even in cold weather . bob langman now she want a circular stairwell off the de . jay ( to jonah , in b.g . ) punch I , punch in right here . ( point to he stomach ; jonah punch ) and she want the sub - Zero with the side - by-side door -- bob which mean -- SAM the cabinet have to be redone -- they all nod at each other . the woman have be a nightmare . bob so we think -- jay since you be on the make again -- Sam look at jonah -- SAM great . this be great . the whole town know . just out of curiosity , how do you two know ? bob Grace hear it . SAM Grace the dispatcher . great . bob the point be , take the client out to dinner and ask she to marry you and then maybe we will not have to redo the kitchen cabinet . SAM why I ? what about jay ? jay hey , my plate be full . SAM well , okay . what 's the big deal ? if she will forget the new fireplace , I will marry she . just point I in the right direction . jonah dad , I do not know about this one -- SAM oh , you be change you mind -- jonah no , I be not , but -- SAM what 's the matter with this one ? would not you like to have imelda marcos as you mother ? jonah dad -- Sam cuff he good - naturedly . SAM we better take the measurement for the new cabinet . he walk away past some workmen , ladder , etc . and start check the cross-beam in the ceiling over in another area of the site . Bob follow after he . jay toss jonah a hammer and they start knock nail into the wall . bob Sam , if you be not do anything New Year 's -- obviously you be not do anything New Year 's -- we be have some people over , all of they marry , not one even remotely interested in play around . do that sound great or what ? ( whistfully ) I can not think of the last time I be at a party when anything actually happen . SAM thanks , but I will pass . it 's kind of a big night . I do not like to leave jonah alone . CUT to : shot of houseboat be towed by a tug down the river ( or a seaplane landing ) - twilight ext . houseboat - twilight jonah watch it . Sam visible in the distance in the kitchen . int . kitchen - twilight as Sam be busy install the spice rack . he mark the wall , hammer in the nail , etc . SAM ( as he start put new spice into the rack , in alphabetical order ) do red pepper go under R or p? jonah P. ( beat ) dad ? SAM ( absently ) what ? jonah I forget to mention . jed call -- SAM just out of curiosity , do you have any friend whose name do not begin with a J ? I feel like it be a failure of the imagination on we part name you jonah . ( look at the spice ) what be marjoram ? do anyone know ? jonah jed be have a slumber party New Year 's Eve and he invite I . a beat . SAM Fine . Fine . jonah so I can go . SAM sure . ( almost do with the spice ) look good . jonah should not you have use a toggle bolt ? SAM I think I know how to have a spice rack . he put in the last spice . they stand back to admire it . a beat . the rack fall off the wall . the rack itself do not break , but about six of the glass jar of spice break . there 's paprika and thyme and curry powder , etc . all over the floor along with shard of glass . SAM God fuck dammit ! shit ! fuck. piss . jonah burst into tear . SAM ( still angry ) I be sorry . ( soften ) I be sorry . he pick up jonah and hold he . SAM I be sorry . I be just -- jonah stress . SAM right . I be sorry , jonah , I be sorry . and he hold jonah as jonah calm down . Sam close he eye tight . int . a television set of new year eve on time square and pull back to reveal : int . houseboat - night Sam , alone , watch the ball drop . he 's get a bag of dorito and a beer . a voice can I have half you beer ? SAM sure . it 's maggie . she take he bottle of beer and pour half of it into a glass . maggie what do I use to say ? here 's look at you ? here 's mud in you eye ? SAM here 's to we . you use to say here 's to we . ( he look at she and he eye well with tear ) oh babe . I miss you so much it hurt . he reach out for she . she 's go . and we hear the television set now count down to midnight in New York . CUT to : int . new year be eve party in baltimore - night the same television show count down to midnight . Champagne cork pop , etc . and we see walter and Annie . walter happy New Year , darling . annie happy New Year . they start to dance . walter I be think , I have to go up to Boston for the aap convention and then visit Winston - Hughes about switch over we computer . why do not we meet in New York for Valentine 's Day weekend ? annie walter , I would love to -- walter we will stay at the Plaza -- annie go for a walk in Central Park -- walter go to the symphony -- a beat . annie we will ? ( beat ) the symphony ? ( beat ) okay . ( beat ) I will take you to the Russian tea room for pelmeni . walter what be it ? annie it 's delicious , trust I . walter do it have wheat in it ? annie I do not think so . they go on dance . it 's one of that party where everyone look so happy and so in love . Annie , however , look thoughtful . ET . marina parking area - day Sam get out of he car and start down the dock toward he houseboat . he 's carry a bag of grocery . in the parking lot be a U.S. mail truck . ext . houseboat - day Sam approach he boat and a puzzle look come over he face . a mailman with a sack of mail be stand outside the front door of the houseboat . jonah be signing a receipt for the mail . jonah look at this , dad . they be all for you -- Sam pick up a envelop and look at it . it 's address to sleepless in Seattle c/ of Dr. marcia fieldstone , Radio Station kwrs in Chicago . he 's stunne . as he sign the receipt : mailman if you be have trouble sleep , you might want to try drink a glass of water from the other side . jonah I think that be for hiccup . mailman do it work for hiccup ? jonah for hiccup , a spoonful of sugar , you hold it in you mouth for a minute . mailman really ? the mailman start back toward the mail truck . Sam and jonah start toward the door . int . houseboat - night Sam be in the kitchen make dinner . jonah be sit at the table , read the letter from the stack they find by the door . SAM just out of curiosity , how do they get we address ? jonah they call and ask for it . ( read ) " dear sleepless in Seattle . you be the most attractive man I have ever laid ear on . " jonah roll he eye , toss the letter into a pile of reject , open another . SAM how do they get we phone number ? jonah you have to give they you phone number or they will not let you go on the air . Sam nod as if this make perfect sense . jonah ( continue , read ) " dear sleepless in Seattle : I be a swf " -- ( to Sam ) what be that ? SAM thank God . something you do not know . it 's a single white female . jonah this be no good . she 's look for someone french . or Greek . ( puzzle , he throw the letter into the reject pile , open another ) " dear sleepless in Seattle : I live in Tulsa . " where be that ? -- SAM Oklahoma . do you know where that be ? jonah somewhere in the middle . SAM I be not go to think about what they be not teach you in school . I be not go to think about it . ( beat ) generally speak I think we should rule out people who do not live somewhere near here -- jonah she 's willing to fly anywhere . as jonah hand Sam the picture . SAM she look like my third grade teacher . I hate my third grade teacher . hold it ! wait a minute ! she be my third grade teacher ! jonah dad , you be not take this seriously . SAM this be not how you do it . ( refer to the hamburger ) you want this on a English muffin or a bun ? jonah English muffin . how do you do it ? SAM you see someone you like , you get a feel about they , you ask they if they want to have a drink or -- jonah -- a slice of pizza -- SAM but not dinner necessarily on the first date because by the time you be halfway through dinner you might be sorry you ask they to dinner whereas if it 's just a drink , if you like they you can always ask they for dinner but if you do not you can go home if you see what I mean . ( beat ) I wonder if it still work this way . jonah it do not . they ask you . SAM I be start to notice that . int . anniee bedroom - night Annie and walter be make love . jonah ( v.o. ) if you get a new wife , I guess you will have sex with she , huh ? SAM ( v.o. ) what do you think ? jonah ( v.o. ) will she scratch up you back ? SAM ( v.o. ) what ? jonah' bedroom - night as Sam put jonah to sleep . jonah be hold he teddy bear while this conversation conclude . jonah in the movie woman be always scratch up guy 's back and scream and stuff . when they be have sex . SAM whose show be this on ? jonah jed 's get cable . SAM go to sleep . he kiss he good-night . jonah kiss Howard . ( he hold out the teddy bear ) g'night , Howard . int . anniee bedroom - night Annie and walter have just finish make love . walter fall asleep . Annie lie in bed , with she eye open . she start to get out of bed . put on a robe . int . stairway - house as Annie come downstairs in a bathrobe . she open the door to the street . ext . STREET - night as Annie start to run down the street . closeup of : annie , running and now we widen out to see a misty highway she 's run down . past a sign say : Seattle approximately 3,000 mile . past another sign : you nerve be shot . and another : you foot be cold . and another : will you find love . and another : before you be cold ? and another : burma shave . and Annie continue to run , and now we see she 's run across a map of the United States -- it 's a little like the one we see in the beginning of the movie -- it 's like the famous map of the United States by saul Steinberg , but instead of be about New York , this one be about Seattle . in the distance , at the very edge of the map , we see two indistinct figure -- a map and a young boy . they start to wave at she , very slowly . Annie 's eye widen . CUT to : int . anniee bedroom - night Annie in bed , eye open . walter fast asleep . she get out of bed , put on she robe ( just as she do in the dream sequence ) . int . stairwell - night as Annie come down the stair . int . kitchen - house she turn the light on . open the refrigerator . close it . open it again . take out some milk . sit down at the kitchen table with a bowl , corn flake , banana . she 's about to assemble it when : she see : the radio she stand up , turn it on to the station Dr. marcia fieldstone be on . she sit back down with she corn flake . announcer ( v.o. ) up next , " you and you emotion " with Dr. marcia fieldstone , clinical psychologist and the best friend you never have . ( the teaser continue ) woman' voice ( v.o. ) he say he do not love I any more . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) why do you want to be with someone who do not love you ? another woman ( v.o. ) every time I come close to orgasm he stop and go to make himself a sandwich -- dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) why do not you make he a sandwich beforehand ? sam' voice ( v.o. ) when I meet my wife , it be so clear . I jus know . Annie start at hearing Sam 's voice . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) what be it that make you know ? sam' voice ( v.o. ) I do not think I could really describe it . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) why not ? sam' voice ( v.o. ) and if I could describe it , it probably would not be on a radio show . ( he laugh to himself ) but what the hell . it 's not one specific thing . it 's more of a feel . ( continue ) you touch she for the first time , and suddenly ... you be home . it 's almost like ... magic . Annie close she eye . announcer ( v.o. ) we will be back after this commercial with Dr. marcia fieldstone . ext . baltimore - peabody library - day we see Annie 's car pull into a parking space outside the peabody Library . Annie get out of the car . int . library - day as Annie stride purposefully across the library and enter : int . anniee brother tom' office - day Annie burst into Tom 's office and walk over to he desk . we barely have time to look up . annie I think I be go crazy , Tom . I really do . be you happily marry ? tom ( completely panicked by the question ) what ? annie I mean , why do you get marry ? be it all firework and trumpet and -- tom ( regain composure ) I get marry because betsy say we have to break up or get marry . so we get marry . annie but when you meet she , do you believe she be the only person for you ? that in some mystical , cosmic way , it be fated ? tom Annie , when you meet someone and you be attract to they , it just mean that you subconscious be attract to they subconscious , subconsciously . so what we think of as chemistry be just two neurosis know that they be a perfect match . annie I do not even know he . but I be have all this fantasy about a man I have never meet , who life in Seattle . tom it rain nine month of the year in Seattle . annie I know , I know . I do not want to move to Seattle . but what I really do not want to do be end up always wonder what might have happen and know I could have do something . what do you think ? ( Tom open he mouth to say something , but before anything come out , Annie fill the void ) it 's just cold foot , be not it ? everyone panic before they get marry , do not you ? tom yes , I do . annie thank you , Tom . I feel so much better just have blow this off . tom any time . int . peabody library - day as Annie walk through it and push the door to exit . ext . a door open to seattle STREET - day Sam and jay walk out of the Arctic Building onto the street . jay Sandy have a girlfriend , clenda ... she 's a weightlifter , but it 's not like she neck be bigger than she head or anything -- SAM I be not ask you to set I up , jay . that 's not what I need you help for . I want to know what it 's like over there . jay and that 's what I be try to tell you . what woman be look over , okay ? pecs and a cute butt . SAM you mean , like , " he have the cutest butt " ? where do I hear that recently ? jay everywhere . you can not even turn on the news without hearing about how some babe think some guy 's butt be cute . who the first babe to say this be I do not know , but it catch on . int . seattle restaurant - day Sam and jay at the counter . out the window , we can see water . jay when 's the latest time you be out there ? SAM ( try to remember ) seventy ... eight . jay well . thing be different . first , you have to be friend . you have to like each other . then you neck . this can go on for year . then you have test . then you get to do it with a condom . ( beat ) the good news be , split the check . SAM I do not think it could let a woman pay for dinner . jay great . they will have a parade in you honor . you will be man of the Year in Seattle Magazine . tira misu . SAM what 's tira misu ? jay you will find out . SAM what be it ? jay you will see . SAM some woman be go to want I to do it to she and I be not go to know what it be . jay you will like it . SAM ( grimly ) this be go to be tougher than I think . ext . houseboat - early evening Sam come home . int . houseboat - early evening as he enter . it 's very quiet . too quiet . SAM jonah ? no answer . SAM jonah ? he start to look concerned . SAM jonah ? he go down the hall to jonah 's room . the door be shut . he open it . jonah be sit on he bed listen to a tape . earphone on . next to he be a young girl name jessica . SAM jonah ? jonah take off the earphone . jonah hi , dad. dad , this be jessica . SAM it 's nice to meet you , jessica . jonah dad , this be amazing . if you play this backwards , it say " Paul be dead . " SAM I know . jonah how do you know ? Sam shrug , turn to go back down the hall . jonah dad , could you close the door ? jessica h and G. ( Sam look back ) hi and goodbye . Sam close the door to jonah 's room . hold on Sam . SAM ( to himself ) get a life . int . houseboat - continuous as Sam come downstairs , go into he office . close the door . int . sam' office at home - continuous he go to the phone . look up a number in the phone book . pick up the phone and dial a number . SAM hi , Victoria ?... it 's Sam baldwin , I do not know if you remember I . oh ? well , great . I be wonder if you want to have a drink ... Friday , say ... dinner ?... sure , dinner would be fine . sure. dinner . int . a unfinished dinner on a plate in anniee live room - night Annie be watch " a affair to remember " on television , tear pour down she face . cary grant be say : " be you in love with he ? " deborah kerr reply : " I be not now . " she 's sit at the dining room table . a dozen piece of paper litter the table . Annie 's be unsuccessfully type a letter on a old underwood typewriter . annie now that be the day when people know how to be in love . she take a blast from the wine glass to she right . Becky lean in , refilling the glass . Annie begin to type and sob and look at the tv . becky you be a basket case . annie ( as she type ) they know it . time , distance , nothing could separate they . because they know . it be right . it be real . it be ... becky ... movie . ( beat ) that 's you problem . you do not want to be in love . you want to be in love in a movie . ( beat ) read it to I . annie ( read she letter ) " dear sleepless and Son ... " becky it sound like the name of a mattress store -- annie " I be not the sort of person who listen to call - in radio show " -- Becky flop on the couch . becky and this woman be a writer ! that 's what everyone write at the beginning of letter to stranger . annie I know that . you think I do not know that ? " I know that 's a dumb way to begin , but it 's the only way I can think of to convey what happen to I the other night when I hear the two of you on the radio . on the other hand , maybe I be just lose my mind . " becky you be . you be lose you mind . what about walter ? annie I be go to marry walter . I just have to get this out of my system . becky right . annie I should say something in this about magic . becky what ? annie I do not know . I mean , what if I never meet he ? what if this man be my destiny and I never meet he ? becky you destiny can be you doom . look at I and Rick . annie ( type some more ) " I want to meet you ... " cary grant say : " how about the top of the Empire State Building ? " becky " on top of the Empire State Building at sunset on Valentine 's Day . " annie good. perfect . I will be in New York with walter , I can squeeze it in . she type in Becky 's idea . then she take the piece of paper out of the typewriter , smashes it into a ball and toss it up in the air and into Becky 's lap . becky you want to hear about destiny ? if my husband have not go on a diet , which cause I to leave he , I would never have be on that flight to Miami , and meet Rick , and end up have sex in the bathroom of a 727 with that nob you slide that say " vacant - occupy , vacant - occupy , vacant - occupy " -- ( she shudder in ecstasy , then pull herself together ) annie you never tell I you leave you husband because he go on a diet . becky ( nod ; after a beat ) he lose all the weight ... there . annie that 's impossible . a guy can not -- becky can too . annie no . becky yes . annie and then you leave he ? he lose weight there and you leave he ? becky plus he fall in love with a temp . annie listen to this , I love this part -- deborah kerr say : " it 's now or never . " and cary grant say : " we would be fool to let happiness pass we by . " deborah kerr : " Winter must be cold for that with no warm memory . " Becky and Annie with tear roll down they face . becky Men never get this movie . annie I know . becky do you think at the end of the movie when she 's in the wheelchair they can still do it ? annie I always wonder about that too . as Becky reach for a kleenex . int . jonah' bedroom a kleenex be pull from a box . Sam be give it to jonah , who 's up . his hair be mate with perspiration . SAM it 's okay , it 's okay . I be here . a beat while jonah calm down . jonah it be sink . SAM what be ? jonah we house . there be water come in all the window . SAM ( calm and definite ) you be worried we be go to be all right . we be go to be all right . ( Sam give jonah a squeeze ) I remember sometimes you would have nightmare as a baby . you mom would hold you and rock you and sing you a song . jonah bye bye blackbird . SAM be that what she use to sing ? jonah I miss she . ( beat ) what do you think happen to someone after they die ? SAM I do not know . jonah like do you believe in heaven ? SAM I never do . or the whole idea of a afterlife . but I do not know any more . I have this dream about ... you mom ... and we have long talk about ... about you , and how you be , which she sort of know but I tell she anyway . so what be that ? it 's sort of a afterlife , be not it ? jonah I be start to forget she . SAM I know . but she 's here , jonah . because I have you . and as long as I have you , I have you Mom . hold on the two of they as music begin . bye bye blackbird . SAM I ... uh ... have a date with someone Friday night . jonah good . a beat . SAM do I ever tell you about the time I eat a dog biscuit ? as jonah cuddle closer music come up as we pull back from the bed and ... CUT to : ext . anniee townhouse - late night as music continue . Annie wave as Becky get into she car and ride away . Annie turn to she doorway and stop . she can not go back in . she need to walk and think . she cross the street into a little neighborhood park . we can see the moon . CUT to : ext . sam' houseboat - night Sam come out onto the porch . flop down in he deck chair . the city light in the background . same moon . the music continue . CUT to : ext . park - night Annie flop down on a child 's swing set in the park . music continue . CUT to : close on SAM close on annie and a long shot of annie in the swing as walter pull up into the parking space Becky pull out of . Annie start toward he . a long shot of SAM on the back of the boat make my bed and light the light I will arrive late tonight , blackbird , bye bye . fade in : int . baltimore SUN - day Annie on the phone at she desk . annie Laurie , it 's Annie . Fine , I be fine . listen , I be do a article on call - in radio show . do you know anyone who work for someone name Dr. marcia fieldstone ...? CUT to : Annie on the phone . annie I be a writer for the Baltimore Sun and I be a friend of Laurie johnson' . I be do a piece on how people handle bereavement and I understand that you have a caller the other night ... I know you be not suppose to , but Laurie say you might , and I will plug the show and everything -- ( she wince in anticipation of a rejection , but then she face relax ) CUT to : Annie dial Sam 's telephone number . jonah ( on machine ) this be jonah baldwin , we be not in right now but you can leave -- Annie hang up . annie baldwin . CUT to : Annie at she computer modem . she 's dial a number . we hear some beep . computer screen directory . enter password . ( Annie type ) Ann reed . bsun124 . ( computer ) find . ( Annie type ) Samuel baldwin . ( computer type ) 216 Samuel baldwin . Strike y to printout or enter factor . ( Annie type ) Samuel baldwin , Seattle . ( there 's a pause ) not find . ( Annie think for a moment , then type ) Samuel baldwin , jonah baldwin . ( a pause ) Samuel baldwin , jonah baldwin find . Strike y to printout or enter factor . ( Annie type y ) and now on the computer screen , we see a funeral notice from the Chicago tribune that read : baldwin , Margaret abbott , beloved wife of Samuel , mother of jonah , June 10 , funeral 10 a.m . Thursday , Church of the heavenly Rest , 110 n. State , in lieu of flower contribution should be send to Chicago horticultural Society . and then there 's a citation : Chicago tribune , June 12 , 1989 . Annie type another entry . annie ( type ) Samuel . baldwin , Chicago . ( after a beat ) four Samuel baldwin . Strike y to printout . ( Annie strike y ) Samuel baldwin , arrest for grand larceny , 1961 . Samuel baldwin , alderman , convict of accept bribe , 1967 . Samuel J. baldwin , architect , build City Plaza . ( Annie press y ) CUT to : a printout of a article that Annie 's read . there 's a newspaper picture of Sam at the dedication of a building site . it 's get that kind of grainy quality that thing have when they have be transmit , but you can make out Sam 's basic good look . ext . bo' security / worldwide - day Annie come from the street toward a storefront in downtown Baltimore across the street from the courthouse . next door there 's a bailbondsman , there be ambulance - chase lawyer hang out on the corner . the sign on the door read : " no job too small . " " all major credit card accept . " and then everything on the sign be translate into Spanish . int . bo' security - day detective bo wheedle , a former cop , sit at he desk listen to Annie . he have some papers . annie I need to know about he because ... he 's involved with my sister ... det . wheedle okay . annie she have a pattern of get involved with loser ... once she almost run away with a human cannonball from the circus . det . wheedle do you want a matrimonial , past wife , any kid -- annie no , I know that part -- det . wheedle so you want a financial , be he a deadbeat , we can do a d&amp ; B -- annie no , no , no , it 's more like , who be he , do he have a sense of humor , be he nice -- no forget nice , I have get nice -- det . wheedle a sense of humor . annie I will tell you the truth , I hear this guy on a call - in radio show and I might not marry the person I should marry because I have become obsessed with he . det . wheedle oh. like Glenn Close in that movie . annie no . not remotely . I just want to find out about he . det . wheedle you want a tail . ( pick up the phone ) I get a guy in Seattle -- int . sam' houseboat - night jonah be watch geraldo with he babysitter , clarise , 17 . geraldo be talk to a heavily make - up , sexily - dress woman . geraldo so how long have you be a woman ? woman ( husky voice ) about two week . Sam be come down the stair . clarise ( to jonah ) pssst ! jonah hit the remote control and the channel change to the Disney channel as Sam come into the room , dress for he date . SAM clarise , I will be back by midnight I be sure -- clarise whenever . Sam toss jonah a letter . SAM this one 's for both of we . jonah ( read from the envelope ) sleepless and son. ( read the postmark ) Baltimore . he start to open the letter . SAM I leave the number of the restaurant I will be at if there 's any emergency . clarise Fine . SAM ( to jonah ) how do I look ? jonah ( absently ) great . SAM ( look in mirror ) I look stupid . I look stupid , do not I ? I look like I be try too hard . I be go to get a haircut but then I think I would look like I just get a haircut . ( check he tooth , peer up he nose ) jonah ( read the letter ) this be a good letter , dad . SAM ( check he fly , look down at he foot ) the heel on this shoe be very large . why have I never notice this ? the heel on this shoe be grotesque . jonah her name be Annie . Annie reed . SAM now I be late . bye . he start toward the door . jonah listen to this -- SAM not now , jonah -- jonah just this one part , okay ? ( read ) " I have be a excellent third - baseman for as long as I or anyone else can remember , and I guarantee you will not get one past I " SAM jonah , I be leave -- jonah wait !!! ( Sam stop , amaze at jonah 's vehemence ; jonah continue read ) -- " and while we be on the subject , let 's just say right now that brook Robinson be the best third baseman ever . it 's important that you agree with I on that because I be from Baltimore . " dad , she think brook Robinson be the great . Sam go out the door with jonah behind he , wave the letter . ext . houseboat - night jonah dad ! SAM everyone think brook Robinson be the great . jonah it 's a sign . SAM oh , right . Sam stop , take jonah by the hand and take he back into the house . SAM come here . I want to show you something . int . house - night as Sam pull down the map of the United States , which be hang over one of the kitchen window and stand jonah in front of it . SAM here be Seattle . ( move he finger across the country ) and here be Baltimore . case close . ( he pull the map and it snap back up ) jonah she do not want we to go to Baltimore . she want to meet we in New York City on Valentine 's Day . on top of the Empire State Building . SAM perfect . we will be there . Sam go out the door . jonah just look down at he letter , he hope on hold . clarise switch the tv back to geraldo . int . restaurant - night Sam sit at a table . nursing a beer . a little nervous . he look up and spot : victoria walk into the place . she 's attractive . she wave and smile and sit down , order a white wine spritzer from the maitre d' . after a beat . SAM hi. victoria hi. a awkward pause . SAM you look good . victoria you look good yourself . another pause . victoria I think you be never go to call I . SAM you do ? victoria I really want you to call I , and I think you be never go to -- SAM you could have call I -- victoria no way . no way I be go to be the first woman you go out with after ... ( she gesture helplessly ) there be no percentage whatsoever in be the first woman anyone go out with after ... SAM you be the first woman I be go out with . victoria oh. SAM so whatdya say ? I will get the check , and I will call you in eight month . Victoria laugh far too enthusiastically . victoria oh , you be funny -- we hear a click as the image freeze . CUT to : seattle detective sit at a table across the room , have just take the picture of Sam we see freeze , with a miniature camera . in quick cut we see a progression of later photograph : SAM and victoria simply talking . SAM holding he fork across the table to give victoria a bite of he salmon . SAM and victoria share a laugh . CUT to : int . baltimore market - day lot and lot of fish stall with crab , etc . Annie be walk with det . wheedle toward a table you stand at near the clam bar . annie tell I he 's live in squalor . tell I everything he have be be repossess , include he filthy , dent mobile home . wheedle he 's get a houseboat . annie I hate boat . wheedle it sound nice . annie boat . you go out in they . you come back in they . I hate they . wheedle houseboat do not go anywhere . annie boat . all anyone talk about be the wind . be it up , be it down . I can not live with a man who only talk about the wind . wheedle it 's not a boat boat . it 's really a house . annie but it 's on the water . wheedle it 's on the lake right in the middle of Seattle . ( beat ) it rain nine month of the year in Seattle . annie I hope I do not have to pay for that piece of information . wheedle no , that 's free . he 's a architect . use to do big high - profile project . he scale it all back when he wife die . now he remodel people 's home . he work in a small firm , make a good live . he show she a good picture of he . annie he 's real . she go to the next shot . see a picture of Sam and Victoria in the restaurant , although all we see of Victoria be she back and mane of blond hair . hold on Annie 's face . int . seattle marketplace with its stall of king crab , but otherwise almost identical in design to the Baltimore marketplace . Sam and jonah walk past the fish stand , Sam look around , slightly distract . jonah I figure we could go to New York , catch the knick , and since we would be there anyway , obviously we would go to the Empire State Building -- SAM there she be . as Victoria come toward they , with a bag full of grocery . jonah why be she bring that bag ? SAM she 's go to cook something for we ? victoria hi , Sam . and let I guess -- you must be jonah . jonah hi. ( back to the subject ) he should book now because we can get a excursion fare . jessica 's parent be travel agent and -- SAM not now , jonah . int . houseboat - later Sam , jonah and Victoria be at the dining room table , finish the dinner that Victoria cook . SAM we can not finish the job . she 's on she sixth painter , now she 's think maybe she want the fireplace rebricked -- victoria I know she pretty well . maybe I could call she -- SAM I have already solve it . I have hire a hit man . Victoria laugh a little too hard . victoria oh that be so funny , you be so funny . Sam smile . jonah be appal . SAM every time she want to change something , she talk in this little baby voice -- ( in a little baby voice ) " could not you just move the stairway a teeny tiny bit ? " -- Victoria almost die laugh . jonah 's eye narrow to slit . jonah do you like baseball ? victoria yes , I do . in fact , my firm have box seat for the mariner . why do not we all go next week ? jonah what about camp ? victoria what about it ? jonah do you like it ? victoria I go camp once . ( to Sam ) I love to brush my tooth in a brook and floss with a weed . jonah we ought to start camp again , dad . SAM okay , tiger . time for bed . jonah it 's only ten o'clock . SAM ( a little edgy ) jonah ! jonah okay . SAM thank Victoria for dinner . jonah thanks for dinner . I never see anybody cook potato that way . SAM ( gracious ) I be glad you like it . good night , jonah . they watch as jonah pad down the hallway . ext . sam' houseboat - rear deck - on SAM &amp ; victoria they be stand at the rail , talk . int . houseboat - night jonah have snuck downstairs and be peek out the window at they . Victoria run she finger down Sam 's arm . jonah be horrify . he dash over to the phone and begin to dial . int . anniee bedroom - night a sleep Annie and walter be startle awake by the ringing of she phone . annie ( groggy ) hello . becky ( through filter ) turn on you radio ! annie what ? becky ( through filter ) the kid be on . you have get I listen to this garbage . go on , turn it on . walter who be it ? annie oh , it 's just Becky , she 's have trouble with Rich again . ( into phone ) hold on , Becky , I be go downstairs . she put the phone on hold and get out of bed . int . kitchen - night as Annie come in and turn on the radio and pick up the phone . jonah ( v.o. ) this be a complete disaster . I want he to find a wife , but he 's get the wrong one -- annie how be I go to explain this to walter ? becky ( v.o. ) shhh , listen to this -- Annie take the portable radio and the telephone receiver , open the broom closet and close herself inside . dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) should not you father be the judge of whether she 's right or wrong ? on jonah sneaking glance out at Sam and Victoria as he talk . Victoria put she arm around Sam 's waist and clasp they behind he . jonah please , please do not make I sick . he 's not sane enough to judge anything . she 's a ho . on the outside of the broom closet , with the telephone cord leading into it . jonah ( v.o. ) ( muffle slightly ) my dad 's be capture by a ho . suddenly Sam happen to look over to the window . jonah duck down behind the desk before Sam see he . ext . houseboat - night Victoria notice Sam glance back at the house , aware that he 's concerned about jonah see they . victoria be he there ? SAM ( turn back ) no . ( beat ) after he be bear , every time we start to make love , he would cry . he have a uncanny sense of timing . we really should not do anything here anyway . victoria absolutely . right . and she move in to kiss he . on jonah jonah peek up over the top of the desk to check if the coast be clear and be sicken to see they lock in a kiss . jonah oh God , it 's major . he 's kissing she on the lip . I have to stop this . on broom closet annie ( muffle ) come on , jonah -- becky ( v.o. ) do something -- on jonah dr . marcia fieldstone ( v.o. ) jonah , you can not butt in here . jonah yes , I can . he hang up the phone and scream . CUT to : annie as the broom closet door open . she scream . it 's walter . walter miss scarlett . in the broom closet . with the radio . annie ( to Becky ) I gotta go . I will see you at work . ( she hang up , turn off radio ) walter , you scared I . do not ever do that again . int . houseboat - night as Sam hold jonah by the shoulder . SAM do not ever do that again . jonah I think I see a black widow spider . Sam look at Victoria , shrug . back to jonah . SAM what be you do up ? jonah I be thirsty . SAM there 's a bathroom upstairs . jonah the water taste better in the kitchen . SAM that 's true . why be that ? int . anniee townhouse apartment - night as she and walter go upstairs to bed . annie Becky hear this woman on the radio complain about this guy she be sure be Rick , which mean he be cheating on she . she be completely hysterical . then it turn out the woman live in duluth . walter that do not make any sense . annie I know . it make no sense at all . thank God my life be in place . int . anniee bedroom - night walter asleep . Annie stare up at the ceiling , wide awake . think . int . jonah' bedroom - night jonah lie on he pillow , stare up at the ceiling , wide awake . think . int . jessica's parent ' TRAVEL agency - day jessica be read the letter from Annie . she 's sit at a computer in they travel agency , which be on the entrance level to a charming Seattle townhouse . jonah sit there . jessica write she . jonah you think so ? jessica it 's y. o. H. jonah ( agree ) yeah . ( a beat ) what 's that ? jessica you only hope . int . newsroom - day Annie , at she computer , talk to Becky . annie I think I would look into do a story about that radio show . becky ( nod ; after a beat ) you would probably have to go somewhere to really look into it . annie definitely . ext . STREET outside jessica's house - a little later jonah and jessica at the mailbox . as jonah open the mailbox and drop the letter in , we hear a squeal of brake . it 's Sam 's car . SAM ( angry ) get in the car right this minute . jonah , about to get in , look at jessica . jessica I will call you later . jonah get in . int . sam' car - continuous SAM do you call that radio station again ? jonah no . SAM everyone at work hear you . jonah I just call for a second . SAM Long enough to call Victoria a ho . jonah it 's a short word . SAM this be not a joke . thank God Victoria do not know . it would really have hurt she feeling . jonah ( really get into it ) if she know , she would never forgive I . it would be hopeless for the two of you . ext . seattle STREET - continuous as the car drive off . SAM ( v.o. ) do not open you mouth again . ever . ext . a car door slamming - night and pull back to reveal : ext . baltimore residential STREET - night as Annie and walter get out of the car , dress for a dinner . walter could not you just do a phone interview ? annie not for the kind of place I want to do . I will not be in Chicago that long . walter when you get back , I will be go -- annie and then I will see you in New York -- walter okay , okay . ext . baltimore INTERNATIONAL airport - day a 747 accelerate down the runway and blast into the winter sky . int . airplane - in flight - day Annie be look out the window , preoccupy . pilot' voice this be Captain Foster welcoming you aboard Flight 132 to Seattle . we fly time today ... annie do you believe that any lie be a betrayal ? that 's what harold pinter say , but it seem to I it 's a very harsh way of draw the line . Annie turn back to the window , leave the seatmate , who in any case do not speak English , completely mystify . int . seattle / tacoma airport - day jonah be stand out of the way at a departure gate , watch Sam as Victoria check in for a flight bound for minneapolis . victoria ( turn to jonah ) can I bring something back for you ? a souvenir ? ( to Sam ) do he like that little snow scene ? ( to jonah ) you know -- you shake they up and the snow float down ? Sam look at jonah , threateningly . be nice or else . jonah ( extremely polite ) sure . I would really like that . thank you so much . victoria well ... jonah I think they be announce you flight . sure enough , passenger be start to board . SAM he 's ten . victoria ( he 's good at it ) he 's good at it . SAM I read a article about this ... victoria I read the same article ... SAM it take time -- victoria absolutely . when I come back , maybe the two of we should spend some time together , on we own . what do you think ? SAM sure . sure . Victoria wave goodbye and start toward the jetway . as Sam watch she go , jonah look at he , stick he finger in he mouth and pretend to gag . SAM ( impatiently ) jonah , this be not fair . you do not know Victoria . I hardly know she myself . she be , in fact , a mystery to I . she toss she hair a lot . why do she do this ? I have no idea . be it a twitch ? do she need a haircut ? should she use barrette so it do not keep fall in she face ? this be thing that I be willing to get to the bottom of , and that be why I be dating she . that be all I be do . I be not marrying she . can you appreciate the difference ? that 's what single people do , they try people on and they see if they fit . but nobody fit perfectly , everyone be a adjustment . jonah be Mom a adjustment ? SAM ( complete exasperation ) I be never go to meet anyone who 's go to measure up to you mom in you eye ? what do you think ? there 's a perfect woman walk around out there ? at that moment , Annie emerge from the jetway right next to the one Victoria go into and come toward we . SAM there 's no such thing as a perf -- Sam see Annie immediately , and be instantly strike by she look , she fluidity , she poise . Annie walk right toward Sam , right past he , inch from he , not notice he as she look for the exit . Sam continue to stare at she . SAM ( to himself , refer to Annie ) God , she 's beautiful . jonah ( unaware he 's talk about Annie ) Victoria ? she 's okay . Sam and jonah start toward the exit , Sam try not to lose sight of Annie . jonah dad , I be talk to jessica about reincarnation , and she think that probably you know Annie in another life . SAM ( completely distract ) who be Annie ? jonah the one who write we . Sam be preoccupy with Annie . she take a turn that he do not expect . he 's have trouble keep up , because he have to wait for jonah . jonah ( continue ) but jessica say you and Annie never get together in that life , and you heart be like puzzle with part out of they and when you get together the puzzle 's complete . he 's lose Annie in the crowd . she 's nowhere in sight . SAM God dammit . a beat , then Sam head off to the exit . jonah follow . as they walk into the distance -- jonah the reason I know this and you do not be that I be young and purer so I be more in touch with cosmic force . SAM I sincerely hope you be not go to marry jessica . ext . airport car rental agency - day as the shuttle bus drop Annie off at a rental car . as she get in and start the car . ext / int . seattle / rental car - day Annie drive through the street of Seattle , refer continually to a map she have spread out on the passenger seat , try to navigate she way to the baldwin houseboat . ext . STREET fronting the baldwin houseboat slip -- day Annie drive slowly down the street , look for the baldwin ' marina . she stop , block the driveway to the marina . on annie in her rental car check the map . suddenly she hear a horn honking behind she . she look into the rear-view mirror and see Sam and jonah in they van , anxious for she to move so they can pull into they driveway . recognize Sam from wheedle 's picture , Annie panic and speed away , tire squealing . ext . seattle gas station - day Annie 's car be park just outside the rest room . int . gas station restroom - day Annie 's in the lady ' room , splash some water on she face . she towel it off and look into the mirror . annie ( practice ) hello , Mr. baldwin ? no. hello , Sam ? ( sweet ) I be Annie reed . ( dignify ) I be Annie reed . ( sultry ) I be Annie reed . ( matter -of - fact ) I be Annie reed . she settles on the matter - of - fact read . annie I hear about you call Dr. fieldstone , and well , I just happen to be out here on ... jump CUT : annie ( businesslike ) business ... jump CUT : annie ( carefree ) vacation ... jump CUT : annie ( lose confidence , ready to pack it in ) for no good reason at all ... ( rallying , businesslike again ) business ... and I think I would drop and ... ( breezy ) say hello ... jump CUT : annie ( earnest ) invite you to lunch ... jump CUT : annie ( sexy ) take a shower with you ... jump CUT : annie ( embarrassed with all this ) shoot myself . ext . STREET near marina - later on annie watch . she 's at a safe distance , across the street and down some from the marina entrance . she watch it for a moment , then gain courage . she start to cross the street to enter the dock . ext . dock - continuous Annie walk toward Sam 's houseboat . nervously . go up to the door . adjust herself quickly and knock . no response . let down , she 's just about to walk away when she hear a motor rev up . Annie peek around the side of Sam 's houseboat and spot Sam and jonah head out in they dingy . ext . STREET near marina - continuous Annie race back to she car , jump in and follow the boat along the seashore drive . ext . seattle highway - continuous as we see Annie drive along the water as Sam and jonah chug along in the water . ext . alki beach - on SAM and jonah they be down at the water 's edge , skip break clamshell , like stone , across the surface of the water . they be laugh , point , count out the number of skip , argue over the merit of each throw . on annie check they out from a phone booth next to the snak shak . dissolve to : anniee Pov - on SAM and jonah - later they be throw a football . jonah catch it and start to pretend to score a touchdown , dodging and feint . Sam tackle he and they tumble together on the beach . close on annie watch . the purity and innocence of this little scene -- a father and son at play -- be affect she more than she ever could have imagine . they laughter filter up to she . right to she heart . annie ( v.o. ) I watch he play with he son at the beach . int . anniee motel room - night Annie 's on the phone with Becky . we cut back and forth between they . becky ( v.o. ) do you talk to he ? annie I could not do it . how do I get here ? int . becky's bedroom - night Becky on the phone in bed . and cut back and forth . becky you tell a lie and get on a plane . annie that 's not what I mean . ( beat ) I be go back over there tomorrow and talk to he . I be . becky okay . good. Goodbye . annie Becky ? becky what ? annie be this crazy ? becky no . that 's the weirdest part about it . annie thank you . I love you . becky I love you , too . annie good night . Annie hang up the phone . she turn off the light . moonlight come through the window . hold on she . ext . STREET near marina - day Annie park across from the marina , start to get out . Sam 's van pull into a parking space . jonah in the front with Sam . they be diagonally across a four-lane street . on SAM and jonah as they start to get grocery out of the car . Annie watch . this be it . no chicken out this time . she 's come three thousand mile , tell lie , the whole thing . it 's now or never . Sam and jonah start toward the gate to the dock . Annie start to cross the street , gather courage and rightness with every step . but she stop dead when she sees : suzy who we remember from eighteen month ago , appear at the gate to the marina -- wave , smile a mile wide -- beckone Sam and jonah home like a military wife whose boy have just come back from the front . Sam and jonah be overjoy to see she . jonah break into a run , nearly leaping into suzy 's wait arm -- as Sam bring up the rear , pick up jonah 's soda which he drop when he start run . on annie she come to a standstill , in the middle of the street . in shock . the scene in front of she be too horrible to bear . anniee Pov - gate to marina Sam catch up . suzy -- no less beautiful and vivacious than she be before -- tousle jonah 's hair , kiss Sam and hug they both . on SAM , jonah and suzy . SAM God , it 's wonderful to see you . where 's greg ? suzy he 's over at the boat show . he will be by later . ( she look around ) it 's so beautiful here . annie there be such apparent warmth , and joy , and love about this homecome that she forget where she be -- in the middle of the street . a car horn blare at she ... all she can do be stare at the nightmare that have unfold . she start to back away -- and that 's when she see -- a taxicab come right at she , horn blaring , tire squealing . Annie start to jump to the other lane but there 's a van bear down from the opposite direction . she step back to the middle line . the cab go into a skid . Annie freeze . Sam hear the noise and turn to see what 's go on . the cab come screeching right at the camera . Annie scream . the cab stop inch from she body . the van in the other oncoming lane fishtail to a stop as well . on SAM respond . he run from the gate toward the near - accident . on the cab driver get out of the cab , as other people gawk from the sidewalk . driver Lady , what the hell be you do ? Annie , still in shock from she brush with disaster , hear the cabbie but do not respond . stun , she turn to see Sam on the other side of the street . they eye meet . Sam stop , realize it 's the woman he see in the airport . SAM hello . annie hello . Annie , totally mortify and humiliate by everything that 's happen , bolt for she car . Sam want to run after she -- but there 's traffic be come past and he can not cross the street . Annie get into she car , start and pull away . Sam stand there , deflate . ext . airplane - in flight across the U.S. - day annie ( v.o. ) how could I have be such a idiot ? ext . baltimore STREET - dusk Becky 's car drive toward Annie 's house . becky you be stand in the middle of the street ? int . becky's car - dusk annie you know that dream where you be walk down the street naked and everyone be look at you ? becky I love that dream . annie that be nothing compare to this humiliation , nothing . becky but he see you , right ? annie he say hello . ext . townhouse - on annie &amp ; becky - dusk as Annie lead the way to she door , from Becky 's car . becky and what do you say ? Annie take the mail from the mailbox on she way to the door . annie all I could think of to say be hello . CUT to : " a affair to remember " on the television set . deborah kerr be saying : " all I could think of to say be hello . " and pull back to reveal : int . anniee townhouse live room - night Becky and Annie look at the television . becky it 's a sign -- annie it 's a sign I have watch this movie too many time . ( beat ) I be so stupid . from the minute I listen to that stupid program on the radio , I have be a complete jerk . she start absently go through the mail , throw almost all of it away without even open it . becky you do not know who she be , Annie -- annie I see she . she look just like this -- she show Becky the photo of Victoria and Sam have dinner . becky this be a photo of hair . annie well , it 's the same woman . and he be crazy about she . ( look at one letter ) what be this ? ( beat ) this be from Seattle . she open the letter . read it . look up at Becky . annie Becky ? becky so I mail you letter . annie ( read the letter ) " dear Annie : thanks for you letter . it be great . we be very excited about meeting you in New York on Valentine 's Day and see if we be m.f.e.o. sleepless in Seattle . " becky m.f.e.o.? annie make for each other . a long beat . becky it 's cute . it 's like a little clue . Annie look at she balefully . becky ( continue ) so he can not write . Big deal . I mean , verbal ability be a highly overrate thing in a guy , and we pathetic need for it be what get we into so much trouble . annie ( with resolve ) I be go to run back to walter 's arm , if he 's still have I . becky what about the letter ? annie it do not mean anything . it be write before I go out there . before the ho . she put the letter on a ashtray , take a match and light it . they both watch it burn . closeup on the FIRE and pull back to reveal : int . sam' houseboat - night a fire be blaze in the wood -burn stove . suzy be sit with she husband greg and Sam . jonah be in evidence , curl up on the couch under some blanket , asleep . on the table near the couch be red construction paper for valentine , doily , magic marker , etc . suzy you see she in the airport and then here ? SAM I try to talk to she ... ( he shrug ) it be like I know she . weird . greg well , at least you be out there see people again . that 's terrific . SAM well , just one really . suzy how 's jonah take it ? SAM it will take he a while to come around . a month ago he call one of that radio call - in show and tell they I need a wife -- suzy ( charme ) you be kid -- SAM now that I be see someone , it 's a whole other thing . on jonah he 's not asleep after all . he 's be listen all along . SAM he 's become obsessed with some woman who write I -- greg be you serious ? SAM she want to meet I at the top of the Empire State Building . suzy it 's a little derivative . SAM what do you mean ? suzy " a affair to remember . " do you ever see it ? cary grant and deborah kerr . before that it be call " Love affair with irene dunne and Charles boyer . " greg woman love this movie . on jonah , listen . suzy they meet at the Empire State Building , only they do not . never mind . greg what kind of person would write to someone they hear on the radio ? SAM I get hundred of letter from woman all over the country -- greg desperate woman -- suzy just because someone 's look for a nice guy do not make they desperate . greg how about rapacious and love - starve ? suzy no . greg it be easier to be kill by a terrorist -- suzy it be not -- greg right , right . suzy 's irritate . SAM anyway , Victoria 's nice . suzy would you follow she through a airport ? SAM look , I meet somebody . she 's good , and capable and smart . we hit it off . we can not spend you life chase after fantasy . jonah be devastate by the realization that he dad be serious about Victoria . int . sam' bedroom - on SAM in bed - night the door to he bedroom open . Annie walk in . she 's wear a white man 's shirt . annie hi. SAM hi. ( a beat ) so far so good . so. what should we talk about ? how insecure we be in high school . shirley votypka , the first girl I ever feel up . Health . what about health ? do you know that eat six macadamia nut be the equivalent of eat a steak ? annie shhhh -- she unbutton she shirt . and they kiss . freeze frame on the kiss . it become the silhouette of a man and a woman kissing . and pull back to reveal : the silhouette of a man and a woman kissing on a red box of Valentine 's Day chocolate and now we see : ext . baltimore - valentine's day - day a few quick shot of Valentine 's Day in Baltimore : shop window line with candy display of red satin heart , lacy Valentine card , red rose in elaborate floral arrangement , old lady sell chocolate , young lady sell perfume . a red Valentine 's envelope be be toss on a desk , and pull back to reveal : int . baltimore SUN - day Annie at work . she look at the card and open it . it 's from walter . she smile . look up . there 's Becky . becky you be go to miss the train . annie no , I be not . ( she start assemble she thing ) becky what be you plan in New York ? annie we be go to the rainbow room and the symphony tomorrow night . becky I love the symphony . annie ( cheerfully ) I hate it . ( she stand to go , start toward the elevator ) I be so happy , Becky . finally I feel happy . this be right . this be real . everything else be what happen when you watch too many movie and completely lose sight of what count . ( as she step into elevator ) please do not tell anyone about what happen . " sleepless in Seattle " be history . int . baltimore train station - day Annie through the train window as the train start to move out of the station . map of the UNITED states . the map we see at the beginning of the movie , as the light dim in Baltimore and a light go on in New York . ext . new york HOTEL - night Annie step out of a cab . int . new york HOTEL - night walter open the door to a beautiful suite . a bouquet of flower sit on the desk . a bucket of champagne . Annie throw herself into he arm . walter sneeze . ext . the empire state build - day and pull back to reveal that it 's a shot from " a affair to remember . " and pull back to reveal : int . jessica's house - day jonah be watch with he little girlfriend jessica , who 's cry . jessica ( weep ) this be the best movie I have ever see in my life . jonah I do not get it . jessica you have to go to she , jonah . you have to find she . jonah nod . but he be not sure how he 's go to do it . jonah do you know how much it cost to go to New York ? jessica nobody know . it change practically every day . how much money do you have ? jonah eighty dollar . jessica I have forty -two . so that would definitely cover taxicabs , I think . jonah but how be I go to get there ? jessica's mother honey , I be go out for a few minute . ( stick she head in the door to the live room ) could you keep a eye on thing out front till I get back ? jessica look over at jonah . jessica sure . int . jessica's house - TRAVEL agency office - day jessica be work on the computer . she punch jonah 's name into it . jessica do you want a aisle or a window seat ? jonah window . jessica do you want a fruit plate ? jonah I do not know . do I ? jessica ( shrug ) I would rather die than eat on a airplane . ( beat ) I be tell they you be twelve so you can fly unaccompany and they will not make you be carry around by a stewardess and everything . jonah nod . now jessica take a ticket form out of the desk and start to fill it out for jonah . ext . fifth avenue - tiffany be - a sculpted glass heart - day form by two dancer bend over backwards , awash in pink light and spotlighted in white . walter and Annie be among a few other people -- couple mostly -- look in the window . each one a variation on the heart motif . they move to a window -- " Broken heart " -- burnish metal , with tow cherub fly out of the wound in the middle . on walter and anniee reflection in the Broken heart window . they be both in they own world . then they both start to speak at once . they stop . Annie look at walter . annie you go . walter ever since Christmas , you have be different . kind of distract , distant . but I feel like you be come back from wherever you be . annie I be . ( she smile at he ) I be just ... I just get ... I think I get nervous . it 's normal , right ? do not you ever feel nervous about , you know ? walter what ? annie about forever . walter no . annie well , I do . and you know what I think ? I think that it be almost ... too perfect . int . first floor - tiffany be - day as Annie and walter walk through the jewelry department to the elevator . annie I start to wonder whether we be the human equivalent of two rights make a wrong , you know ? walter have no idea what she mean , but he 's completely good - nature about it . int . third floor tiffany be - day Annie and walter be walk around the floor , follow by a saleswoman who be carry a large white card on which she be note they selection . annie it be like kismet but not , if you see what I mean . walter 's brow furrow slightly . annie ( continue ) you have to grow up . you can not have all this adolescent dream about how exciting you life be go to be -- walter start to look puzzle . annie ( continue ) do not hate I but I love this pattern . walter you could not . annie I do . walter it 's just like my grandmother 's china . saleswoman how many place setting should I put down ? annie &amp ; walter ten. walter beam at she . walter exactly . eight be too few and twelve be too many . the saleswoman write a " 10 " on the big sheet of paper . int . first floor - tiffany be - day as Annie and walter come out of the elevator on the ground floor and walter stop for a moment at the jewelry repair department , reappear with a little blue Tiffany 's box he give to Annie . Annie open it . Inside be a lovely antique diamond ring . annie walter . walter it be my mother 's . annie it 's so beautiful . it 's just what I would have pick out if I would have every ring in the world to choose from . ( as she slip the ring onto she finger ) you see what I mean . there be people who would like a relationship to be full of surprise , but I be not one of they . ( as she start out the door with walter behind , think about what she have just say ) surprise be highly overrate . as they go out the door to : ext . fifth ave . - day as they start down the street and go off into the distance . annie ( continue ) promise I something , walter . promise I you will never have a surprise party for I . ever . you know what happen , you walk in the door in some horrible sweater you put on that morning , and there be hundred of people in they best clothes shouting " surprise ! " int . sam' bedroom - night Sam 's get a suitcase on the bed , pack . jonah be stand in the doorway , watch . he go to he desk look for something but can not find it . he try a few drawer . SAM have you see my wallet ? jonah it might be in the kitchen . Sam do not remember leave it in the kitchen . SAM I be only go to be away one night , okay , and clarise will be here . you will have a swell time . you will watch a little geraldo , some nightmare on elm Street 12 , I will never know . jonah be you go with she ? SAM yes . jonah walk out of Sam 's bedroom and we hear the door to he bedroom slam shut . on SAM start to boil . he walk into -- int . hallway - night and open the door to jonah 's room . int . jonah be room - night SAM I have to have a life . I have to do thing that I want with people my own age . it 's none of you business who I be go out with . I do not give a good goddam if you be angry -- jonah ( hold up Annie 's letter ) this be the one I like . Sam start back to he bedroom . int . sam' bedroom - continuous SAM I do not care who you like . it 's who I like . but the truth be you be never go to like anyone because it be not you mother . Sam throw a pair of sock into the suitcase . jonah ( yell ) Fine . I will not say anything . you can marry Count dracula . SAM thank you , jonah . but the point be , I be not ask permission . jonah ( yell ) what 's wrong with Annie ? SAM ( emphasize every word ) shut up . jonah appear at the doorway . jonah shut up ? shut up ??? Mom never do that . Mom never say shut up to I . Mom never yell at I . SAM this conversation be finish . jonah you say we could go to New York . SAM do not . jonah do too . SAM I can not know what I say , but we be not go . jonah ( crossing he arm across he chest ) I be not leave this room until you say yes . SAM get out . jonah no . SAM goddammit , I be sick of this -- Sam pick jonah up and carry he kick and scream into : int . upstair hallway - night and into : int . jonah' bedroom - night jonah put I down . I hate you , I hate you -- he throw jonah on the bed . jonah in tear . SAM I be sick of this phony melodramatic bullshit . I be sick of it . he leave the room and slam the door . int . hall - continuous jonah weep as Sam go back to he bedroom . int . sam' bedroom - continuous the sound of jonah weep . Sam sit down on the bed , wipe out . hold on he . ext . baldwin houseboat - morning as clarise the babysitter arrive at the houseboat . int . houseboat - morning Sam and clarise in the hallway outside jonah 's door . SAM jonah ? clarise be here , okay ? and I be leave . no response . SAM jonah ? ( to clarise ) he 's probably still asleep . he open the door gently to the room . jonah 's go . in quick cut : Sam look in the bathroom : no jonah . in the main cabin . the back deck . out onto the dock . look all up and down . clarise come down the deck -- she 's apparently be look in the neighborhood . as she shake she head no , Sam go to the bicycle shed . jonah 's bike still there . Sam stand on the deck . ext . seattle / tacoma airport - day we see a group of people filing off a airport shuttle bus . the sign in front rotate from " Airport " back to " marina . " jonah come down the stair and step off with he mariner backpack . he just stand there a beat , look around . then he go through the glass door . int . airport first CLASS ticket counter - day the ticket clerk turn back to the counter . ticket clerk next . jonah step forward , with he ticket . int . jessica's house - day jessica be sit defiantly in a chair in the middle of the live room . she be be interrogate but she be not go to talk . there 's a clock on the mantel . Sam be in the room with jessica 's mother and father . jessica's mother jessica , this be not acceptable . jessica's father if you do not tell we right now , right this minute , I be go to kill you . jessica roll she eye . she look over the clock on the mantel . as it tick to 8:30 : jessica he 's on he way to New York . jessica's mother what ? SAM how ? jessica ( the child of travel agent ) United 597 . jessica 's mother and father be horrify . jessica's mother jessica ! SAM when do it leave ? jessica's father eight-thirty . everyone look over at the clock . it say 8:31 . jessica smile . int . sam' car - day close on SAM driving to the airport . ext . highway near seattle / tacoma airport - day as he car take the airport exit . int . airplane - day a stewardess bend affectionately over jonah , ensconce in the first - class section . he 's get he backpack on he lap and he 's hold it . stewardess here you go ... here 's a nice pin for you , for fly with we . jonah ( completely unmove , but polite ) thank you . stewardess you be welcome . can I take that for you ? jonah ( clutching it even tighter ) no . int . airport ticket counter - on SAM - day at the reservation desk . desperation . SAM ( frantic ) he 's about this high , 90 pound , never comb he hair , Mariner 's hat -- airline clerk ( to he colleague ) anyone check in a unaccompany minor on the New York flight ? first CLASS ticket clerk I do . Sam close he eye . SAM I will kill he . ( beat ) I have to get to New York as fast as I can . airline clerk we can get you on a flight to Chicago and you can change plane -- start to punch information into the computer . airline clerk how will you be pay for this ? SAM ( take out he wallet ) american Express . ( there 's no american Express card in he wallet ) Visa . ( beat ) I really be go to kill he . int . o'hara airport - day as Sam come out of the plane from Seattle and dash through the concourse , manage to arrive at the plane for New York at the very last moment . int . kennedy airport - day as jonah come out of the plane from Seattle and look up to see which way to go . he look very small . Big New York passenger in a hurry whiz by with they carryon dangerously fly at they side . ext . kennedy airport - a few minute later jonah stand in a taxi line . int . taxi - a few minute later jonah sit down in the back seat . look up . a big bruiser of a cab driver lean back over the seat , size jonah up . taxi driver where to ? jonah Empire State Building . int . plane to new york - day Sam be in a aisle seat . he close he eye and squeeze they tight . SAM ( to himself ) come on ... come on ... come on ... comeoncomeoncomeoncomeoncomeon ... ext . empire state build - afternoon it look magnificent in the wane afternoon light . cabbie' voice there it be . we be watch from : int . a taxicab where jonah , with he head out the window , regards the building with awe . cabbie what be you gonna do there , spit off the top ? jonah no. I be gonna meet ... ( try to figure out what to call she ) my mother . int . rainbow room - dusk walter and Annie walk toward they table with the maitre D '. Annie sit down , look at the view . walter start to sit , revealing a spectacular view of the empire state build directly behind he . Annie 's smile fade . walter be something wrong . Annie shake she head . maitre D ' May I get you a drink ? walter some champagne ? annie Fine , fine . walter glance back over he shoulder . walter beautiful view , be not it ? annie walter , there 's something I have to tell you -- ext . kennedy airport - dusk as Sam rush out of the terminal . desperate . a cab pull up . Sam bolt to the head of the line and muscle he way into the cab . the other people in line be irate . SAM sorry , this be a emergency . the cab pull out to a chorus of verbal abuse . SAM ( v.o. ) Empire State Building . int . empire state build lobby - dusk jonah , carry he backpack , walk through the majestic lobby and follow the arrow to the observation deck . ext . top of empire state build - helicopter shot - desk look down on the observation deck . the city below . the tiny figure of jonah walk into the middle of the deck . look around . ext . 59 th STREET bridge - dusk Sam 's cab speed across the bridge and into Manhattan , head for the Empire State Building . int . top of the empire state build - dusk jonah be go to take the bull by the horn . he walk up to a likely - look woman . jonah hi , I be jonah . be you Annie ? woman # 1 no . ( smile at he ) I be Cynthia . he spy another unattach woman . jonah Excuse I , be you Annie ? ext . rainbow room - dusk a helicopter shot of Annie talk animatedly to walter . and pull back to reveal that the rainbow room be actually be see by jonah through a viewscope in : ext . empire state build observation deck - dusk into night jonah be look through the viewfinder . he turn around , forlorn . he take off he backpack and be about to sit down next to it when Sam bolt into the observation deck . jonah leap into he arm . SAM you be my family . you be all I have get . what if something happen to you ? Sam 's eye well up . jonah start to cry . SAM what if I could not get to you ? jonah I be scared of what you be gonna do . SAM when I find you ? jonah if I do not go . SAM listen , have I ever do anything really stupid ? jonah no . SAM I mean , so far , have I screw it up for you ? jonah no . the two of they hold each other tight . after a beat : SAM I can not believe you fly first class . jonah it be all they have . int . rainbow room - night Annie and walter . there 's champagne in they glass , but neither of they have drunk a drop . annie I do not know what to say about it , walter . it be a form of temporary insanity . but I have to tell you about it because -- walter ( matter -of - fact ) -- it be a betrayal . annie yes . but it be not really . it be just ... walter so what happen ? annie I tell you . nothing -- walter at the top of the Empire State Building -- annie I be not at the top of the Empire State Building . I be here . walter not really . ( beat ) look , Annie , I love you . let 's leave that out of it . I do not want to be someone you be settling for . I do not want to be someone anyone settles for . ( beat ) I have a life insurance policy , I be fully invest in growth stock , I have a pay subscription to Home rox Office , I have no sexual disease , I have be steadily employ in a part of the economy that be not soft , I have expectation in the way of inherite wealth , I dress nicely , I be a member of the private sector , a independent voter , I do not watch Monday night football , the only thing wrong with I be that I be allergic to wheat , strawberry , penicillin , pollen , nut and wool . there be plenty of woman who see I as the brass ring . if you do not -- marriage be hard enough without bring such low expectation into it , be not it ? Annie be nodd . she wipe a tear from she face . annie oh , walter . I do not deserve you . walter I think that 's what I be say . slowly , gingerly , Annie slip the engagement ring off she finger and hand it to walter . no bitterness here . both of they try to be gentle with each other . annie you okay ? walter yes . ( beat ) some people will do anything to get out of go to a symphony . this break the tension . both of they smile . annie oh ! walter what ? annie look ! walter turn to look over he shoulder at what Annie see : the light have just gone on on the empire state build valentine light : a huge pink and white heart . walter turn back to Annie . walter go for it . and as Annie 's heart leap and she 's about to bolt . CUT to : ext . west 50 th STREET - night as Annie come out to the street and hail a cab . as it screech off toward fifth Ave . int . empire state build observation deck - night the light be on all over the city . the crowd have thin out considerably . jonah and Sam be among the last people leave . they gaze out at the twinkle light and the ever-darkening sky . elevator operator last call . close time . jonah look at Sam . jonah this be pretty dumb , be not it ? Sam shrug . SAM Big deal . after a beat . SAM maybe we will get a dog when we get back . jonah okay . SAM what do you mean , okay ? would not you like a dog ? jonah sure . Sam put he arm around he , they start toward the elevator . SAM let 's go home . ext . fifth ave - night Annie 's cab stick in traffic . as Annie get out of the cab . she 's break into a hard run toward the Empire State Building . int . lobby of the empire state build - night Annie sprint in and over to information Booth . information booth person sorry , mar 'am , but the elevator be close . annie ( out of breath ) no. please . I really need to get up there . information booth person we be close up . no more run tonight . Annie take a deep breath . she 's hit the end of the road . she turn to go but then turn back . annie ( out of breath ) listen , can I just take a look ? maybe ... maybe ... there 's someone I be suppose to meet ... he 's probably not there , but if I do not at least look I will always wonder about it . the information Booth person look at she . information booth person cary grant , right ? annie you know that movie ? information booth person one of my wife 's favorite . int . top of the empire state build after a few beat the elevator door open on a very empty platform . elevator man sorry , mar 'am . empty . Annie slowly walk out . annie can I take a minute ? elevator man go ahead . she sigh . head for the telescope . look out at the twinkle light below . she casually turn the telescope and suddenly see something on the floor . jonah 's Seattle mariner backpack . she pick it up . she realize that it might be ... could be ... and open it . Inside be a toothbrush and jonah 's teddy bear . as she take out the bear the other elevator ding . Annie look up as jonah and Sam exit the elevator . jonah I leave it near the ... and they stop . there she be . there they be . Sam can not believe it . it 's the mystery woman . SAM it 's you . annie it 's I ? SAM the one in the street . I chase after you . jonah be you Annie ? annie yes . SAM ( confuse ) you be Annie too ? she smile awkwardly . annie ( indicate the backpack ) be this yours ? jonah walk over to she . he put he hand out . she shake it solemnly . jonah I be jonah . ( nodd back to Sam ) that 's my dad . his name be Sam . annie hi , jonah . Sam . ( indicate the teddy bear ) and who be this ? jonah Howard . annie Howard . Sam nod . smiling . start to put it all together . Annie smile . still nervous . no one know what to do next . just then , one of the elevator operator clear he throat . SAM we better go . Annie nod . Sam hold out he hand . SAM shall we ? Annie slip she hand into he . it feel comfortable , natural , right . annie Sam ? he look at she . annie it 's nice to meet you . on Annie . on Sam . on jonah . he make a triumphant little double - fist gesture to himself as the elevator door close . ext . the empire state build - night we see the build from above , all light up , a romantic confection , the world 's large Valentine . the camera pull back and we see the United States spread out before we , with light twinkle everywhere . and fade out --------------------------------------------------------------