screen gem mythology entertainment revise March 21 , 2017 slender man by David birke revision by Mike scannell typed word appear on a glowing screen 1 one letter at a time : '' no one ever see they again ... '' ext . clearing -- day 2 panning over girl 's STUFF abandon on dead grass . girl 's voice # 1 ( 0.s. ) they leave thing in the clear and walk into the tree . holding hand ... a title card appear : cumberland , rhode island we keep pan over the discard item . a journal , a photo , inexpensive jewelry , a bedazzle cellphone ... but each item be either rip or smashed . news video - that clearing 3 police search with dog . one of the policemen hold up a teddy bear . torn in half ... boy 's voice # 1 ( 0.s. ) all the girl be like totally normal . none of they be on drug or anything . one of they be like a girl scout . or explorer scout . or something like that ... a rapid - FIRE series of CLASS photo teenaged girl ' face . some freckle , most smile . girl 's voice # 2 ( 0.s. ) Jennifer , ellen , allison , Carly , rebekah , margo , kylie ... on video 4 a cheerleader talk directly into she web cam . cheerleader the school library burn down the same day . it be pretty freaky . some pretty mysterious shit . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 2. news footage 5 police and firemen mill about a smolder structure . a still - stand sign say : cumberland high school library . on video 6 a boy with glass talk to he web cam . boy with glass I just can not see a natural fire burn that hot . the wall be melt . I bet the only place anybody would ever see anything like that be in Hiroshima . ext . school library -- day 7 the same burn structure . worker sift through the ash . a fireman , stand amid the char ruin of the library , hold up a intact surveillance camera . surveillance video : ext . library -- night 8 Black and white footage of the girl walk from the clear into the wood . girl 's voice # 3 ( 0.s. ) people say they hear scream . come from the wood ... ext . clearing -- day 9 follow a girl through waist-high sunflower . girl 's voice # 4 ( 0.s. ) but allison riley be not like the other . she come back ... allison stagger slightly . boy' voice # 2 ( 0.s. ) the cop who find she say she be hold something . turned out it be ... view from the front , allison be hold something . she raise she eye toward we . and open she hand . as if offer what 's in they . some bloody mess of something ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 3. typed word appear on a glowing screen 10 one letter at a time : " her own tongue . '' surveillance video : int . hospital -- day 11 film through safety glass inset in a door . the girl , allison , have a haunt look on she face . girl 's voice # 5 ( 0.s. ) they give she a piece of paper and ask she to write down what happen . but she only write one word ... typed word appear on a glowing screen 12 one letter at a time : '' him . '' frozen image - from that library surveillance camera footage of the girl walk into the wood . push in to the background on a dark aberration . blurr and out of focus . a incomprehensible human shape . hideously tall and thin . featureless . disproportionately long arm extend downward . a terrifying , faceless figure ... title on black : slender man 14 ext . school - p.e. field -- day 15 on video : a cat dance while wear shade and a bow-tie ... this be on a cell in the hand of hallie , 17 , fit and athletic . Hair pull back in a pony tail . a lively spark in hallie 's eye quickly evolve into a brilliant smile . she lean over and replay the video for katie , 17 , sit next to she in the bleacher . unlike hallie , she do not look the part in a '' Massachusetts Charter '' p.e. uniform . Katie draw she hair back and stare at the screen . the day old eyeliner around she eye be leave on intentionally . a tiny act of defiance . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 4 . hallie it would be better if he do not have the bow-tie . a quirky little grin flash across Katie 's face . katie it would be better if he explode at the end . p.e. teacher ( call from the field ) Katie , you be up ! Katie brazenly ignore he . hallie give she a look . katie whatever . he will give up after a second . he do not really want I have a heart attack on he field . the p.e. teacher indeed move on . hallie smile . hallie I be forward this to wren ... 16 int . school - classroom -- day 16 wren , 17 , talk to she very patient teacher have he sack lunch . her carefully dishevel bob and retro-cool glass lend she a unique and clever sense of style . High school posh with a Euro flair make sure she stick out . wren I have be think about my short story collection . I be think maybe it 's a novel . wren look at she phone . see the video link from hallie . watch and text back : groovy . wren ( cont 'd ) of course , when I be publish my mother will hire someone to kill I . there be thing in there she do not know I know . thing she theater friend in Berlin tell I . they be shocked and berliner do not shock easily ... do you know the city ? 17 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 5 . patient teacher ( tolerant ) I have never be . ext . school - locker area -- day 17 kide hover in the hallway . wren , hallie and Katie come along . out of she gym clothes , Katie 's look be edgier than the other . buckle and wear leather boot and jeans . a screen - print heart with large black wing spread across she fade and rag out t-shirt . they see chloe ( 17 ) . alert , pretty . she make she way over , adjust she sweater . katie ( sarcastic ) Nice sweater ... hallie Katie ! hallie try to come to the rescue , but Chloe can stand up for herself . chloe I get it at tilly 's . it 's in all the magazine ... the girl keep walk . Chloe fall in with they . wren it 's you life . we can only offer guidance . chloe eat I , bitch . the girl laugh as they near a group of boy . wren lower she voice , in a mock - british accent - wren just ahead , the dude - bro in he natural habitat . let 's observe , shall we ? hallie laugh at wren 's little remark as they skirt the edge of the boy . but when she chuckle 's over , hallie look back and see tom ( 17 ) . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 6 . he 's tall , clean cut , and flanke by '' bro '' - type buddy . but he broad , sleepy - eye smile and gentle disposition set he apart from the rest . casually , he glance in hallie 's direction . she think he 's hail she . she open she mouth to say " hey " back . but embarrassingly , it 's a false alarm . hallie awkwardly cover she mistake by rub she nose . wren observe all and shake she head . to add to hallie 's embarrassment , wren call out ... wren ( cont 'd ) hey Tom , what 's the plan tonight ? Tom smile . tom big plan -- but one of the boy , a burly kid with a Red Sox cap interrupt . burly kid hey ! top secret ! Tom shrug . maybe even wink as the boy continue past . wren turn laugh to hallie . wren Circle jerk ? kyle ( 17 ) , slightly nerdy and definitely bookish , bring up the rear . not bad look , but obviously the runt of the litter . kyle hey , Chloe . he nod , fall just short of make effective eye contact . Chloe smile back . chloe so , Kyle , what 's the big secret ? kyle I could tell you but I would have to kill you . chloe yeah ? 19 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 7. hallie roll she eye . the '' end of the Day '' bell ring . hallie I , for one , be intrigue but I have get to go get my sister . hallie smile and peel off . Chloe engage Kyle in further conversation . while wren and Katie exchange amused look . int . hallie' house - dine room -- night 19 family dinner time . meet hallie 's mother and father , 40s . and sister , lizzie , a sweet 14 - year - old mirror image of hallie . hallie' father I bump into coach Sanders today . he say you 1600 meter time be really improve . all that training be pay off . good job , honey . hallie smile . about to say thanks , but lizzie interrupt -- lizzie do you tell they ? dolore constantino quit the team ... hallie shoot lizzie a look . hallie 's mother why ? lizzie she 's pregnant . hallie continue to glare at lizzie : '' why bring that up ? '' they mother internally '' tsk tsk ... '' hallie' mother what do she imagine she will do now ? hallie she want to keep it . she 's go to drop out and have the baby . hallie' mother 17 - year -old ? my god. it could end there but hallie do not like she mother 's tone . decide to lob a grenade . 20 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 8. hallie do not she have the right to ? hallie 's mother jump on it . hallie' mother the question be , be it smart ? hallie smart be not always what matter . sometimes you have to do what you feel , even if it do not make sense . that 's what it be to be a person , right ? to have free will ? a person have the right to say two plus two equal five . hallie 's mother okay , dostoevsky . hallie sigh in a irritate and overdramatic fashion . her mother let it slide , but only for a moment . hallie 's mother ( cont ’d ) so , I suppose wren be go to be at Katie 's tonight ... hallie yeah , so ... hallie 's mother so ... I just notice a change since you two start hang out - hallie glare at she . a stinger . every teenager 's super power . and as if on cue , the doorbell ring . int . hallie 's house - entryway -- moment later 20 lizzie open the door to let wren in . she 's obviously excited to see the older girl . wren know it and like it . wren how you doin ' kid ? lizzie ( make sure she parent do not hear ) I wear the t-shirt you give I to school . I get send to the principal 's office . 21 22 Blue Rev. ( 06/09 / 16 ) 9 . wren well do . hallie shake she head as she grab she coat . playfully tweak lizzie 's braid before she and wren head out . lizzie be leave just stand there . wish she could go , too . int . katie' house - entryway -- night 21 Katie let hallie and wren in . katie do not make any noise . '' it 's '' dormant . reveal katie 's father , 40s . ex - military but still sport the crew-cut . he 's asleep on a couch in the live room . in front of a old movie . vodka in evidence . katie ( cont 'd ) ( resign ) just another Friday night at the Jensen 's ... int . katie' house - basement -- later 22 a lone bare bulb hang from the ceiling . the warm pool of light cast shadow of scattered and forget belonging in the dark recess under the house . rotting wooden post struggle to support the floor above . somewhere in the darkness , a tiny six - legged creature skitter across a spiderweb . he watch silently from a corner where the rafter meet . the four girl lounge in recycle sofa and rescue furniture in the belly of the room below . it 's a dark and dank little clubhouse , hide away from the outside world . wren seriously , I think you and Karl will make a adorable couple . chloe it 's Kyle . and I do not even like he ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) wren sure , sure . like you do not wish you be there with he at they secret sausage fest right now . chloe no , but ... ( beat ) I do know what they big secret be . wren do tell . chloe they be all get together at Tom 's house . in he garage to try to summon slender man . a heavy silence fill the room . wren ( mockingly ) creepy . hallie study the other , not quite grasp the hallie what 's slender man ? katie ( to hallie ) the guy who make kid disappear ? hallie do not have a clue . hallie wait . why have I not hear of this ? wren that 's a longer conversation ... 10 . situation . hallie give wren the finger . scope she phone . enter " slender man " in she search browser . footstep pound the floor above they . it 's so loud they all flinch !! the girl sit freeze in place . listen . eye follow the movement above . the light hang over they head send dark shadow over they eye . like they be tell ghost storey by campfire . Blue Rev. ( 06/09 /16 ) will . wren ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) what the hell be he do ? katie probably look for another bottle . ( child - like ) " daddy need he medicine ... " hallie smile at the joke and pop in she ear bud . we watch she click on a video link . - in the video : a long , slow push - in on a black and white image of a burn down library . text scroll up from below ... - '' in the summer of 2001 , seven girl from the town of cumberland , rhode island went missing without a trace . '' hallie can still hear the girl talk back and forth . katie ( cont 'd ) I hate live here . all he do be drink , sleep , and shit . the girl laugh . everyone but hallie , focus on she phone . - the video continue to zoom in on the smolder library as the text clear . closer and closer . katie ( cont 'd ) it 's just so much worse since my mom leave -- the floor creak above . Katie , Chloe , and wren look up . follow with they eye . hallie listen with they , still watch the image on she phone as it evolve into a dark indistinguishable shape . - then four word surface in the center of the frame . -— '' only one come back ... '' Katie 's eye drop to the floor as she father 's footstep fade away and disappear . katie ( cont 'd ) sometimes I just wanna leave . you know ? Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 12 . she glance up , look for comfort in she friend 's eye . wren I have friend in Paris . we could stay with they . hallie ( not look up from she phone ) what friend ? you have never even be to Paris ... wren my mom have friend there , idiot . we hear more footstep carry through the house . Katie look to the ceiling . katie do not I wish . I be totally stick in this shithole ... then something draw hallie 's attention back to she phone . - out of nowhere , a low eerie drone . it grow in hallie 's ear until it drown out the chatter in the room . hallie look over as the girl continue to discuss something she can no longer hear . - on the screen : something seem to be take form in the indistinct , shadowy region of the grainy image . hallie struggle to focus , pull the screen closer . in this moment , it 's like the real world around she have decelerate . almost pause , as the intense low tone heighten in hallie 's ear . she stare at the mysterious , silent shape on screen . unblink . strain to make sense of it . until ... - a hideous shrieking face leap off the screen ! ! hallie scream ! wren , Katie , and Chloe jump . wren what the hell ?! Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 13. hallie ( laugh now ) oh my god. look ! wren what ? the girl gather around now . watch the same video of the burn library . Chloe read from the screen , a haunt tone to she voice . get into the moment . chloe " in the summer of 2001 , seven girl from the town of cumberland , rhode Island go miss without a trace ... " katie we can read . chloe good for you . we watch in silence as the girl stare at the screen . the low drine intensify . warbling and over-modulating . wren this make you scream ? hallie wait . it 's come up . the sound slowly die out . silence set in around they as they huddle together in the center of the room . the tiny lamp above keep the darkness at bay as they focus on the phone . hallie ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) it be right after - the shrieking face ! ! they all jump as it leap out at they . then start laugh ! Katie snatch the phone . she back up the video and freeze the frame . with the shriek face freeze on screen , it become clear that it have be crudely digitally add to the still image . it 's a girl . eye wide . Hair and face drench in blood . Tan Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 14 . chloe that 's - you know who that be ? from " carrie " ... katie that be the girl from " carrie . " wren that be patently the girl from " carrie . " hallie avert she eye , embarrassed . wren 's judgmental comment clearly direct at she . Katie scroll through more link . click on another ... on the screen : disturb image of a tall , shadow figure slide through frame . always alone . watch . wait . stare without eye . just a pale white , blank face ... ... like it 's be erase . - a human-like depiction of a figure wear a black suit and blood red tie . sickly pale skin cover a featureless face . - the hideously thin form lurk in a dark forest , its impossibly long arm reach towards we . - Black tentacles spread from the back of another tall figure . they twist around he body on all side . face blank like the other . its elongate arm hang at its side . Katie grab she laptop now . Chloe continue read from she phone . wren look at she cell , too . chloe " he prey upon innocent youth ... " katie sound like my uncle Herbert . the girl snicker as Chloe continue . chloe '' slender man be say to live ina hide mansion , but the location be unknown ... '' wren really ? be he single ? Chloe crack this time . she can not help but laugh . +e hf % 23 Tan Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 15 . katie here it be ! ( look up ) '' how to summon slender man . " a devious smile creep across wren 's face . wren we have to do this . chloe we actually do not . actually ... moment later 23 a video be cue up on Katie 's laptop . a sparse web page with a generic black background . a forebode play symbol wait patiently . one line of basic text read ... '' how to summon slender man '' the girl gather around as if prepping the stage for some bizarre , ancient ritual . hallie hit the light . katie seriously , this feel like click on something really Russian and malware-y . wren do not be such a pussy . Katie shoot she a look . wren reach in and click play on the laptop . the video expand automatically , filling the entire screen . - it start to play : footage of a forest over a dead silence . almost a still image , but the mist slowly drift between give it away . a sinister glow from the screen up - light the girl 's face as they gaze into the display . hypnotize . - Shots of isolated lonely tree . tower pillar that rise into a darken canopy . twisted branch cut through the night sky . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 16 . chloe listen to this shit ... ( read from she phone ) '' that who hear the three bell toll , accept he invitation ... when you hear the first you must close you eye , keep word unspoken ... - on screen , eerie image after image repeat over and over . crook tree separate by a dark void inside the forest . chloe ( cont 'd ) if one want to hear they must listen closely , for they be faint and distant . with eye still close and the mind wide open ... clear you thought as you await the second ... - a ever present fog , hide something from view . something we can almost see . but the image keep change . switch to another . chloe ( cont 'd ) +.- only open you eye once you hear the third ... '' Chloe shake she head , try to make sense of it . the girl be spellbound , soaking in the pale glow from the screen . except for Chloe who nervously laugh and back away . chloe ( cont 'd ) whatever ... this be dumb - wren pull Chloe reluctantly back into the mix . wren Chloe ! shut up ... the girl return to the image on the screen , silence ringing in they ear . a anxious tension as they hold they collective breath . listen ... wait ... wren ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) boo ! ! they all jump and scream . katie very funny bitch . knock it off . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 17. now nervous laughter . wren quickly shush they . on the laptop : we begin to hear the sound of tree creak in the breeze . wind rustling through branch . a moment later , very faintly ... soft and far way ... a bell echoes in the forest . the girl look at each other . wren ( devious ) let 's do it . they all close they eye , giggle . but Chloe pause , gun - shy . wren nudge she and she follow along . then a silent moment . we hear the girl breathe , wait in the electric glow from the screen . on the laptop : a second faint bell resonate , carry out from somewhere deep in the darken wood on screen . with she eye still close , Chloe let out a awkward laugh . chloe be you serious ? this be so -- the other three ( eye close ) shhh !! Chloe sigh in resignation and keep she eye shut . on the laptop : the sound of the forest settles . a hushed stillness . we can hear the sound of leave landing softly on the ground . like tiny footstep in the darkness ... then , barely audible , a low faraway tone . a unsettle hollow ring ... - the final bell toll . wren do you guy hear that ? katie yes . hallie I think so . 24 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 18 . chloe maybe . I do not know ... they open they eye as the sound slowly die and fade away . - on the screen now : a static silhouette of a large , gnarled and twisted oak tree . branch reach out into the frame like tentacles wind they way out of its thick black trunk . the girl sit , eye fix , wait for something to happen . but nothing come . - just that ominous image of the tower oak tree stare back at they . relentless ... unwavering ... - or be it ? be the tree move ? the screen suddenly strobe with image we can ’t make out . the girl shudder , shield themselves . - then the image cut out . just disappear . the screen goe totally black . a deafen silence as the girl sit freeze in the dark room . nobody speak . temporarily blind . the screen now blank . Chloe and hallie look at each other , completely unnerve . try to shake off the mutually disturbing feel . wren what a stupid video ... but wren 's eye give it away . she 's just as rattle and quickly click the light on . the lone bulb above they wash away the darkness . the girl breathe easier now as they recover from the intense on -screen assault . except for Katie . who just sit there . stare at the blank screen ... later - 3 am 24 moonlight from a small basement window sketches outline of random junk in the room . we see the same tiny spider , spin he web . pause occasionally to watch the girl who lay blankete on couch cushion and cot in the darkness below . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 19 . hallie struggle to fall asleep . wrestle with she makeshift bed . look over at wren and see she eye be open , too . same unsettle look on she face . across the room , Katie look at she phone . and Chloe just lie there on she cot . both also far from sleep . hallie say nothing . just lie back down and close she eye . but we see ... Pov - the laptop rest on the coffee table . the tiny green light blink . endlessly . drain the power . suddenly , a flurry of image on the screen !! we can see now they be split second flash of slender man that quickly vanish into nothing . back to a ordinary laptop . no blink green light . no more power to be drain . just a dead black screen ... int . school bus -- day Katie look slightly distract as she sit with hallie , wren , and Chloe . but the girl do not really see it . hallie find she gaze continually draw a few row over . to where Tom sit . she quickly avert she eye when he look in she direction . chloe do not make any pregnancy joke but I feel so nauseous this morning . I throw up twice . hallie turn at this , faintly troubled . hallie have you be have nightmare ? Chloe think about it . shake she head . but hallie notice wren react to the question . hallie ( cont 'd ) have you ? wren look like she 's be catch at something . hallie ( cont 'd ) what be it ? Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 20 . wren nothing really , just that video ... hallie from the sleep over ? wren nod . hallie ( cont 'd ) but that be like a week ago . wren not really surprising . hallie contemplate . meanwhile , Katie continue to stare blankly out she window . into the treeline . ext . old cemetery -- day wren ( 0.s. ) why a cemetery ? it 's hardly worth a field trip . I mean , it 's a goddamn cemetery ? large granite monument , crumble headstone form a crude skyline behind the gate of a old cemetery . Inside , a group of student follow a tour guide . wren and we girl amongst they . tour guide this burial ground date back to the Revolutionary War ... Katie and hallie follow , lag behind . Katie ignore the tour and stare off into the distance . Pov - a treeline skirt the edge of the old cemetery . the tree tower above it . a dense , untamed forest . no way to see where one tree begin and another end . tour guide ( cont ’d ) generation of soldier have be laid to rest here since ... now the tour pass a large mausoleum . elaborate carving be etched in the crack and deteriorate stone wall . as the guide continue on , Katie step away from the group . she drift across , study the massive grave . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 21 . a life - size bronze statue of a angel guard the entrance to the mausoleum . decade of corrosion have turn the angel 's skin a ghastly shade of green . Katie step over and face the lifeless statue . year of weather and erosion give the horrific appearance of black tear flowing from the angel 's eye . mold grow in the dark stain that stream down she face . the tour guide 's voice fade into the background as Katie absorb the angel 's empty gaze . we see a deep sadness in Katie 's eye . emotion hide just under the surface . it overwhelm she . tear begin to form . and just as she first tear be about to fall ... it turn black and run down her cheek . then another one ... two dark tear drip from she eye . Katie wipe they away ... but the tear keep flowing . streaming down her face . Katie panic when she look at she hand . inky black liquid drip off she face and pool in the palm of she hand . her panic turn to pain and she start to choke . the black tear streak down she face , drain the color from she skin . she look back up , fight for air ... and the angel scream !! but its face be now blurred and featureless . a blank void !! katie gasp for AIR . she can ’t look away ! we see the terror in katie 's eye as the statue rise up in front of her . growing taller !! morphing into a towering slender figure . arm reaching downward !! katie stand paralyzed . she can ’t move . it have control over her body !! she can ’t breathe !! she can ’t scream !!! hallie ( 0.s. ) Katie ! katie 's body jolt as she snap out of the vision . we see hallie 's face . she stand right in front of Katie . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 22. everything be back to normal . the angel stand silently outside the mausoleum . hallie ( cont 'd ) Katie ... Katie look around , confusion all over she face . tour guide ( to Katie ) you okay , young lady ? look like you have see a ghost ... Katie shake she head . tour guide ( cont ’d ) well , you would not be the first ... as the group continue on , Katie 's eye be draw again to the distant treeline . 29 int . school bus -- day 29 a bus-load of kid sit wait . everyone there , except Katie . hallie look out , scan the perimeter for she friend . at the gate of the cemetery . a teacher talk to the bus driver . just out of earshot . we see the urgency in the teacher 's word . the anxiety in she eye . the bus driver look past she , search ... chloe it 's Katie we be wait for ? wren yeah . I think . hallie do she seem weird to you today ? wren weird ? wren look at hallie . wren ( cont 'd ) weird how ? hallie shrug , shaking she head . hallie I do not know . distant . she hardly say anything all day . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 23 . chloe where be she ? hallie well , she bag 's here . she would not just leave without it . she motion to the backpack sling on the seat next to she . 30 ext . old cemetery -- later 30 the student , now pull off the bus , stand by as more teachers and school official confer with cemetery official . the girl watch as the commotion swirl around they . hallie find that , by chance , Tom be stand right next to she . he look in she direction . they catch eye . hallie take it as a invitation . hallie if we have to stand around here any longer , I think I be gonna die . Tom give a slight chuckle . hallie ( cont 'd ) no pun intend ... tom ( amused ) none take . Tom 's smile slowly fade as they share a awkward pause . nearby , wren 's on she phone , as Chloe anxiously look on . wren ( into phone ) Katie , cut this shit out . we be all prisoner ' cause of you .... tom ( to hallie ) none of you see where she go ? hallie just shake she head . wren hang up and step over . wren it cut I off ! her mailbox be full . hallie she have not answer any of my text , either . 31 Blue Rev. ( 06/09 /16 ) 24 . hallie , wren , and Tom look up to see Chloe 's eye widen . they spin around , and as if to confirm they darkest fear ... a trio of police car swoop into the parking lot . wren oh , shit !! chloe this be get serious , people ... ext . old cemetery -- dusk 31 the tired sun dip behind the treeline . slender shadow rake across the graveyard , welcoming nightfall . police talk to school official , finally release kid to they wait parent . there be flashlight in the wood . a search party . Chloe watch they move behind the tree . the light vanish and reappear as they hunt for any sign of she miss friend . under everything , like a whisper in the wind , we can hear the sound of the worker call she name . '' kaaaaatieee ... '' wren judge the look on Chloe 's face . wren she just ditch . trust I . she 'il still be there annoying we tomorrow . Chloe nod . the sentiment help , but she 's not convinced . hallie rummages through Katie 's bag nearby . she stop and peek inside . reaches in and pull out ... a old library book . the cover partially tear . page come unbound . the title instantly strike she : bardo thodol . the wear page almost break and split , crackle as hallie flip through . wren lean in to get a better look . a series of haunting illustration flash by ... - Dark spirit and torture soul . - wing demon with razor sharp tooth . 32 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 25 . - phantom amid a desolate landscape burn in the sun . - a man scream , flesh be rip from he body . hallie what class be this for ? wren and Chloe have no response . in the shadow of the graveyard behind they , the question take on more weight . wren just gesture towards the parking lot . wren hallie ... hallie 's parent pull up , she mother wave from the window . wren ( cont 'd ) I will keep this shit for she . hallie ( to Chloe and wren ) do you need a ride ? chloe my mom 's on she way . hallie okay . call you later ... hallie hand over the book and head to the car . as she leave , she glance back over she shoulder . still no sign of Katie ... int . hallie' house - live room -- night 32 News about Katie 's disappearance play on the tv . hallie sit watch with she family in the live room . as she live - text with wren and Chloe - wren : this be unreal . hallie : I know . Chloe : my mom ask if she be do porn . hallie : and I think my parent be dumb . hallie 's father turn up the tv volume now . she look up ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 26 . reporter ( on tv ) despite new footage , we be still leave with more question than answer . on tv : shaky phone footage of the student at the cemetery . kid have they lunch on the grass . Katie be visible in the background of the shot , unnotice by the foreground kid . she stand very still , freeze , stare off into the wood . reporter ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) no word at this time about any possible mental health issue she might have have or ... lizzie ( interrupt ) be she on drug ? hallie shoot she sister a look . hallie ( quietly ) you be not help . hallie' mother be she ? hallie no . do not be ridiculous . hallie 's family think she have answer to the mystery . but she do not ... ext . school -- day ominous Pov - as if something be watch the school from the wood . int . classroom -- day student listen as a teacher drone on in the background . hallie stare out the window . search . try to comprehend the grim fact that Katie be still miss . then hallie 's expression darken . something unsettle ... hallie 's Pov - two police car pull up in front of the school . the officer hop out . there 's a short exchange and they head into the building . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 27 . a murmur roll through the classroom as other student take notice . teacher ( 0.s. ) hallie . hallie snap out of it and look up . teacher ( cont 'd ) they need you in the principal 's office ... as hallie gather she thing , the whisper evolve into a buzz of conversation . theory about Katie 's disappearance fill the air and follow she out of the room . officer # 1 ( 0.s. ) when do you last see she ? int . school conference room -- day the blank , white wall give it the feel of a interrogation room . hallie sit opposite a stern - face principal and two police officer . confused and nervous , she choose she word carefully . hallie at the cemetery ... officer # 1 and before that ? intercut hallie / chloe / wren speak with the investigator : chloe it be Saturday . we spend the night at Katie 's house ... officer # 2 we ? wren I , Chloe and hallie ... hallie we sleep in the basement . wren Mr. Jensen be upstairs . pass out on the couch . again ... officer # 2 where be she mother ? Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 28 . chloe she move out a while back . officer # 1 do Katie have a boyfriend ? wren have you see the boy at this school ? officer # 1 maybe there be someone she do not tell you about ? chloe no . she 's my best friend . since kindergarten ... officer # 2 would you say she be a happy girl ? hallie she use to be ... wren but then she mom run off with that yoga instructor . officer # 1 do she ever talk about run away ? hallie yeah ... chloe but we all do ... wren I mean seriously , who have not memorize the bus schedule outta this shithole ... tear form in hallie 's eye as she voice falter . hallie she would not just leave ... officer # 2 it happen more often than you have imagine . the officer wrap thing up . 34 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 29 . officer # 1 be there anything else ? Chloe hesitates ... officer # 2 anything you have not tell we ? wren no. ext . school - locker area -- day 34 a locker slam open . hallie quickly swap book and folder . then she pause , look into the locker . a collage of picture and clipping hold in place by magnet and tape . sticker symbol and logo of she favorite band . and crowded in the center -- a photo of hallie and katie taken year ago . a silly middle - school moment . sparkle smile . a flash of innocence . before they start take themselves seriously . before Katie go miss ... a deep sadness fill hallie 's eye as she shut she locker . chloe ( 0.s. ) hey ! she turn around to see wren and Chloe hustling over . wren what have they ask you ? hallie they want to know about Mr. Jensen . and he drink ... chloe they ask I if I see anything weird . on the field trip ... hallie what have you tell ’em ? chloe no. but --— Chloe stop and look around to see if anyone 's listen . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 30 . chloe ( cont 'd ) I be look on my phone . the stuff I take at the cemetery ... she hold it out and tap the screen . hallie squint to see . chloe ( cont 'd ) it 's almost at the end ... - shaky footage : Kyle sheepishly turn away as Chloe giggle from behind the camera . chloe ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) c’mon ... do it ... - the camera circle around , chase . but Kyle tuck he head down , keep he back to we . chloe ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) just one more time , for I ... - she corner he and Kyle give in . kyle okay , okay ! - he face the camera and flash a completely nauseate , but adorable puppy dog , sad face . then he duck out of frame . - the camera linger for a split second , trail over the tree in the background ... horror spread across wren 's face . wren barf ... I think I be gonna throw up . chloe shut up , not that . Chloe hit pause . chloe ( cont 'd ) look ! wren what be I suppose to be see ? Chloe take a screenshot . double-tap to zoom in ... we fix on a blur of unfocus confusion . Chloe adjust the image until something slowly come into view ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 31 . a_shadowed figure . hallie it could be anything . wren it 's a man , moron . the word send a chill down they spine . the three girl just stare at the phone . the haunting image stare back . hallie 's nervous laugh break the spell . hallie come on ... it be a public place ... wren hallie ! it 's a goddamn man , stand next to a goddamn cemetery in the wood , watch goddamn teenager . that 's pretty goddamn creepy right there , do not you think ? terrible possibility flood the girl ' mind . hallie hand the phone back to Chloe . hallie do you show it to the police ? it might be evidence . probably not . but you should give it to they . just to be ... you know ... chloe ( interrupt ) yeah . I know , but ... it 's probably nothing . hallie nod . she and wren start to move on but only get a few step before Chloe call after they - chloe ( cont 'd ) I be not think it be slender man . I mean , if that 's what you think I be think . hallie turn back . hallie no , I know . 35 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 32 . but hallie look uneasy . wren do , too . though in a different way . a hint of excitement dance in she eye . ext . hallie 's house -- later that night 35 ominous Pov - a two -story home sit in darkness . the porch light cast long thin shadow into the yard . as the Pov inch closer , a figure inside the house appear in the front window . the Pov watch the figure hold for a moment and move past the window . then the ominous Pov continue onto the porch and up to the front door . int . hallie 's house -- continuous muffled voice echo off the wall as the moving Pov move silently down a empty hallway . a shaft of light spill through a open door to another room . the voice grow louder as the ominous Pov slip through the light and into shadow . the word gradually become clear ... lizzie ( 0.s. ) I could stay home alone you know . I be old enough . hallie ( 0.s. ) physical age , maybe . the mysterious Pov turn a corner , plunging into darkness and past a even darker utility room . move ever so slowly , it drift closer and closer to a brightly light ... den -- continuous lizzie sit on the floor , homework scattered in front of she . hallie be huddle up on the couch look at she phone . - on the screen : the shaky video of Kyle from Chloe 's camera . chloe ( 0.s. ) c’mon ... do it ... - the camera spin around Kyle . hallie tap the screen and fast -forward . - in fast motion , the camera circle around . hallie tap play . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 33 . chloe ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) just one more time , for I ... lizzie peek over , try to see . lizzie you should tell I what really happen to Katie . we never keep secret from each other . pause . hallie hide the screen . hallie how would you know ? do you homework . lizzie it be a boy , right ? you think I will tell . I have never tell . hallie ( a little smile ) you would totally tell . lizzie not mom and dad . hallie totally mom and dad . lizzie maybe . hallie definitely . but you get point for honesty . lizzie so tell I ! hallie just give a empty look . lizzie ( cont 'd ) you do not know ... do you ? lizzie watch she search for a answer , but there be not one . hallie lizzie , just finish you homework . with a sigh , lizzie turn to the papers scattered around she . hallie shift back to the phone . the video . she tap play . - on the screen : Chloe laugh as the camera follow Kyle . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 34 . kyle okay , okay ! - he make he goofy sad face and duck out of frame . pause . hallie tap the screen . - slowly ... frame by frame by frame ... we inch through the video . then stop ... on that frame . - the one we have see before on Chloe 's phone . the one of the man watch they from the wood . hallie study the freeze image closely . hallie 's Pov - a long shadowed figure . - the compress pixel do not provide enough detail . just a vague outline sketch in a chaotic array of digital bit . the bit add up to something that resemble a strange , tall , thin human-like form . crack . a sound from somewhere inside the house . both girl turn towards the sound , listen . it 's almost as if it do not happen . but it do . hallie do you hear that ? lizzie just nod , a troubled look in she eye . we listen with we ear wide open . it 's so quiet we can hear everything . the girl breathe . a clock on the wall tick . hallie stare out of the open door , into the hallway . but there 's nothing . only shadow . no sound . no movement . only silence , until ... another noise . this time quieter . softer . lizzie what be that - hallie shh ! hallie step over to the open doorway and pause . listen . hallie ( cont 'd ) Mom ? Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 35 . her voice shatter the silence . they wait , listen . but there 's no response . hallie ( cont 'd ) dad ? the word echo out into the hallway and disappear . then something drag !! like furniture be move ... the girl freeze . lizzie someone 's here ... hallie motion for she to be quiet and move into the hallway . towards the dark void inside the utility room . listen a moment . still nothing . her eye darting from place to place in the hallway . search every corner . check every shadow . halliex cellphone chime . the sound send a jolt through she body . she check the screen ... - it 's that screenshot from Chloe 's phone . the man in the tree watch they . but clearer now . - the accompany text , from wren : '' Auto -correct for brightness on Chloe 's computer ! '' she focus she eye back toward the utility room . a black hole of darkness inside . she hold still as she eye adjust . hallie 's Pov of the utility room - just a wash machine . Cleaning product . a irone board . hallie continue past , slowly peek around the corner . hallie 's Pov - the corridor lead away from we , into the front of house . still empty . only the one slash of light cut across hallway . now a floor board creak in the live room ! hallie can not see it , but something be move in the front of the house . creak ! ! 37 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 36 . it continue as something heavy move through the open space in the house . rocking back and forth ... change pitch . louder . softer . hallie stare down the hallway as a shadow come into view . hallie 's Pov - a long , thin , distort human-like shape stretch across the floor . sliding into the hallway ! something be about to appear !! hallie scramble back into the de , glance back . a light flicker on in the hallway . a light that be not there just a moment ago ! beam down into the utility room . hallie slide into the de . lizzie hold tight to she sister , stare out . trapped in the room . then slowly , like spill ink ... the long , thin shadow float into view . slithering across the floor . it bend into a impossible shape as it roll up the wall . at any moment it will round the corner ! ! int . hallie 's house - den -- continuous 37 lizzie start to say something , but hallie wrap she hand over she mouth and shut the door as quietly as possible . they hear the floor creak outside the door !! the sound grow louder and louder . closer and closer ... accompany by a low murmur ! lizzie be consume with fear , start to cry ... hallie ( whisper ) shh ! they hear that low murmur again . the sister stand there , hold they breath . listen ... wait ... suddenly , the den door knob jiggle ! something on the other side ! try to get in ! Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 37 . lizzie clutches hallie 's arm , hide behind she . hallie ( cont 'd ) ( threaten ) we call the police ! she only now begin to dial 9 ...1 ... but the jiggling stop . and then nothing . just a dead , heavy silence . hallie let out a tremble breath . eye fix on the door . lizzie hide behind she , fear building as each moment pass . then pounding on the other side of the door ... the girl jump and scream ! but the pound only last a second . follow by a low , muffled SOUND ... like a hopeless sob . hallie 's expression change . she keep lizzie behind she and step over to the door . she slowly open it . just a crack . then freeze . she see something ... hallie 's Pov - a tall , massive figure silhouett by the light in the hallway ! its back to she ... deep voice ( 0.s. ) be she here ? hallie start to back away when - the figure turn around . it 's katie 's father ! his clothes unwash and stain . haggard and unshaven . a madness behind he bloodshot eye . hallie Mr. Jensen ? katie 's father be she ? hallie Jesus . you scared I . what be you do - Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 38 . katie 's father answer I , goddamnit ! be she ? hallie 's about to answer . but Katie 's Father turn venomous - katie' father be my daughter here ? be you hide she here !? he move towards she . katie 's father tell I ! hallie back up . scare - hallie I do not know ! katie' father it 's ' cause of you ! she be never into any of that stuff before . all that occult stuff ! lizzie stick she head out from behind hallie . hallie lizzie ! stay back ! but Katie 's Father charge in . his watery - red eye glaring ... katie' father where be she ?! where 's my daughter ?! he reach for hallie , he giant hand clamping down on she arm . hallie let go !!! hallie try to wrestle free . katie' father give I back my daughter ! they stumble into the middle of the room . Katie 's father lose he balance . stagger into the coffee table . hallie break loose . scramble to lizzie . they bolt out of the room , run down the hallway towards the front door ! 39 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 39 . int . hallie' bedroom -- later 39 Blue and red light reflect on the wall . hallie watch from she window as Katie 's Father be gently place in a police car . another text from wren : no comment ? U can clearly see he ! outside , hallie 's Father be yell at Katie 's Father through the police car window . hallie 's mother be try to restrain she husband . hallie start to type : Katie 's Father be here ... but hallie stop type . she look at Katie 's Father distraught and crumpled over in the back seat of the cruiser . she delete she type . ext . school - locker area -- day hallie pass out flyer ask for lead on Katie 's disappearance . she come upon wren and Chloe with a bunch of other kide . hallie 's expression change to nervous when she realize Tom be there . she avoid make eye contact . Tom be look at Chloe 's phone . tom ( to Chloe ) you do not see anything at the park ? when you be take the video ? chloe just tree . the police say it 's the light . play trick . tom probably . it do not really look like anything ... Tom notice hallie and smile . hallie smile back . wren look like something to I ... naturally , wren direct the conversation back to herself - 4l Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 40 . wren ( cont 'd ) I mean ... there be just thing that can not be explain . tom you guy really summon slender man ? chloe well , sort of ... I guess . ( self -consciously ) why ? kyle we chicken out -- tom ( tease Kyle ) you chicken out ! the group laugh . start to break up . hallie decide she can not keep it a secret any longer . blurt out - hallie Katie 's Father break into my house last night . everyone turn at that news . what ?! hallie ( cont 'd ) he say some crazy shit about Katie be into the occult . then , he blame we for get she into it . Tom 's intrigue . wren and Chloe look stunne . ext . school - locker area -- later 41 hallie walk away . wren and Chloe stalk after she . wren why do not you tell we about Katie 's Father ? hallie I just do . chloe what do he mean about Katie be '' into the occult " ? hallie not sure . he be pretty waste . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) Al . wren ( excited ) Christ ! she have that book in she bag ! about phantom and stuff ... ( beat ) this could be the next wrinkle in the story ... hallie I do not want to play this game . wren if this be all a game , then where 's Katie ? that stop hallie in she track . wren ( cont 'd ) we know thing nobody else know . hallie what do we know ? wren we know that Katie be apparently take this paranormal shit very seriously just before she disappear . we know she watch that video . hallie what do that have to do with anything ? wren maybe slender man come for she ... hallie scoff . hallie or , maybe she could not take sergeant drunk dad anymore and run away -- wren and not say goodbye ? to any of we ? a silent , but heavy beat . they all contemplate this for a long moment . wren ( cont 'd ) when we watch that video , it do something to all of we . I feel it . 42 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 42. hallie I do not see anything . chloe I do not see anything either , wren . wren I do not say I see it ... I feel it . I think you do , too . I be damn sure Katie feel it . and that 's why she disappear . hallie make a sound like a snort . wren imitate it back . wren ( cont 'd ) that 's you comeback ? we have to take this shit seriously ! we have a responsibility here ... hallie look conflict . ext . neighborhood STREET -- night 42 ominous Pov - as if something be watch through a twisted thicket of tree . hallie , wren and Chloe stand under a street lamp . a dim pool of light cut through the darkness . hallie this be a bad idea . the girl stare across the street to Katie 's house . the flicker of a tv glow in the front window like deathly pale eye watch over a lawn that have go to hell . wren he ’1ll be pass out by now . chloe what be you talk about ? wren just a quick look around . there 's gotta be something . a clue maybe - hallie be you crazy ? you do not see how he be last night . wren what 's the alternative ? do nothing ... 43 44 45 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 43. chloe the back door 's always open . ( they look at she ) I be just say ... wren start across the street . Chloe 's right behind she . hallie pause , she foot stick to the curb . she watch as the girl slip into darkness on the other side the street . then check the block . neighbor house sit in darkness , cricket chirp over the silence . that ominous Pov again - from behind the twisted branch , hallie step quickly across the street , follow the other two before she change she mind . the Pov follow . stalk she from the tree . ext . katie 's house -- night 43 wren move quietly to one of the front window . Chloe right behind , step for step . a moment later , hallie appear . she look over they shoulder , anxiety dance in she eye . wren ( glance back ) told you ... int . katie 's live room -- night 44 we see they peek in from the darkness outside the window . Mr. Jensen be slouched on the couch . a sickly wash of light blanket he from the television . his head rest to the side , clutching a half empty bottle of cheap vodka . ext . katie 's house -- night 45 wren glance back at the other two with a slight grin . Chloe and hallie see it in she eye . '' we be do this . " 46 Blue Rev. ( 06/09 / 16 ) 44 , int . katie' house - rear entryway -- day 46 the doorknob turn on the back door . a slow creak as it open . wren poke she head in . the house be silent except for the low drine from the tv . underneath it , we can hear Mr. Jensen snore . wren carefully step inside . hallie and Chloe slip in behind . they move quietly into a dark hallway stretch out in front of they . as they pass the kitchen we see a OPEN pantry door . in the shadow , we can just make out a cluttere table and chair . the filthy sink be pile high with dish . wren look back at they with a '' can-you-believe - how - cool - this - — be ? '' smile . she pause near a entryway table . a frame picture of Katie with she dad sit on top . happier time . they peek into the live room . Pov - Mr. Jensen lie on the couch , still snore softly . wren turn to hallie and Chloe , give they the hush sign and continue . as she turn , wren bump the entryway table , knock over the frame picture . clap !! in the silence , it 's like a gun shot . mr . jensen be startled awake . mr . jensen Katie ? the girl stand in silence , listen . then as they slowly start to back away ... a floorboard creak under there feet . confused , Mr. Jensen turn toward the sound ... the girl hear the spring in the couch groan as mr . jensen pull himself to he feet . he reach for the side table drawer . slide it open to reveal ... a gun ! he grab it . and revolver poise , cautiously head in the direction of the noise he hear . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 45 . the girl recoil and track back down the hallway . mr . jensen ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? the girl duck into the kitchen . one hide place . the open pantry . they all try to pile in , but it 's too small . the girl argue in a frantic whisper . we hear Mr. Jensen 's heavy boot clunk on the hollow wooden floor in the front of the house . wren leave they and backtrack into the hallway . mr. jensen ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( voice booming ) who 's there ? wren glance back . she see Mr. Jensen 's shadow stretch out from the live room onto the floor in the hallway . his footstep approach . ten foot seem like a hundred as wren turn to the back door . Mr. Jensen , gun in hand , round the corner to the hallway . where wren be just a split second before . it 's empty . she 's go . inside the pantry : Chloe and hallie hear heavy measure footstep move closer . they hear Mr. Jensen step into the kitchen and stop just outside the pantry door . the girl can hear the man 's heavy breath . they be freeze . trapped . the girl peer through the downward slat of the door as Mr. Jensen make he way in . oh shit ... they see he gun !!! Mr. Jensen scan the darkness in the kitchen . it 's difficult to make out much detail , but he can see it 's empty . inside the pantry : Chloe and hallie hold perfectly still . not breathe . eye wide . on that gun . scare to death ... mr . jensen focus on the pantry door . slowly ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 46 . inside the pantry : the girl see he raise the gun , as he step towards they . they back up as far as they can from the door . now only he boot be visible . the boot stop just outside the door ... when a chime shatter the silence ! the doorbell . Mr. Jensen shudder , spin in the direction of the front door . but he attention be quickly back on the possible intruder . the sound that wake he . what he think he hear . then ... the doorbell ring again ! a long beat . Mr. Jensen slowly pull the gun up and retreat . head to the door . inside the pantry : hallie and Chloe listen as the footstep pound away from they . they finally exhale . Mr. Jensen look through the front window . he see who it be and tuck the gun behind he back . he step over and open the door to reveal ... mr . jensen ( cont 'd ) wren ? wren hi , Mr. Jensen . she glance briefly over Mr. Jensen 's shoulder . in the background , hallie and Chloe quickly leave the pantry . head in the opposite direction . hallie go straight for the back door . but Chloe pull she towards Katie 's room . mr . jensen what be you do here ? wren I just want to see if there 's something I can do . if I can help in any way ... again , she eye drift over he shoulder . off wren 's look , Mr. Jensen glance back just as the girl disappear into Katie 's room . all he see be a empty hallway . 47 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 47 . he turn back to wren . mr . jensen how ? he stare at she with bloodshot eye , the emotion building just under the surface . mr . jensen ( cont 'd ) ( hopeless ) what can you do ? wren I be hope you would tell I . int . katie' bedroom - continuous 47 both girl enter and just stand there for a moment . feeling the weight of this violation . there be nothing feminine about the bare - bone room . no frill . a mess of clothes and junk . blank wall . a simple bed sit opposite a little desk . hallie ( whisper ) she 's really go . chloe I know . hallie cross to Katie 's desk where a tangle of cable lie like severe limb . chloe ( cont 'd ) the police must have take she desktop . hallie look more closely . she eye a few book that surround a empty spot where the computer be . on the cover of one of the book : a repulsive scaly creature curl around itself . horn and a tail . one claw hand hide its entire face . hallie 's gaze shift to a crude sketch on a scrap of paper . close on : a strange , abstract draw . - a chaotic mess of pencile stroke depict a tall , thin human-like figure . its elongate arm hang slack at its side . a smaller figure be rough out next to it . a arm from each figure overlap . like they be connect ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 48 . - like a tall , thin monster holding a child 's hand ... the murmur of voice in the next room grow louder . heavy footstep in the hallway head towards we . hallie and Chloe focus on the close bedroom door . frozen . hallie ( whisper ) shit ! there 's definitely no way out . the murmur evolve into muffle word as they get closer . mr. jensen ( 0.s. ) .+.- you can see what they do . they take she stuff -- a bead of sweat roll down hallie 's forehead . wren ( 0.s. ) ( quickly ) Mr. Jensen . could I have a glass of water ? Chloe and hallie listen as the footstep pause . they back away , retreate down the hallway . they muffle word dissolve back into a garble murmur . the two girl exhale , quickly return to they search . hallie open Katie 's closet . a confusion of clothes and shoe cover the floor . a few thing still dangle from they hanger . hallie shove they aside , check the wall inside . hallie she keep cigarettes and stuff in here ... she pull a section of panele away from the wall . katie 's laptop . she lift it out as Chloe come over . Wide - eye - chloe let 's just take it . 48 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 49 . hallie look surprised . Chloe 's surprised herself . she move to the bedroom door and carefully open it . as the girl step out , they see wren and Mr. Jensen 's shadow stretch out into the hallway . and hear Katie 's Father quietly sobbing ... int . chloe' bedroom -- day 48 hallie , wren and Chloe be gather around Katie 's laptop . wren Katie be use Tor ? I do not think she be techie enough for that . it 's pretty basic , but still . this be like deep - web , dark - net - type shit . chloe be not that like ... where people buy drug and gun online ? wren among other thing ... wren click on the web history in the browser . - a massive list populate . all strange heading . Devil worship , evil spirit , black magic , witchcraft . wren ( cont 'd ) here 's the last site she visit . - the untitle link be a string number separate by period . there be no '' www . '' or '' .com '' . she click it and a website appear . - no header . no splash page . just a dark black background . in the center , a simple text box with a blinking cursor . chloe it look like you need a password . hallie cydonia66 . she use it for everything . wren she still like muse ? hallie shrug . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 50 . wren try the password . - the text box disappear and three red circle materialize in its place ... chloe now what ? - just as quickly , the circle dissolve into five triangles . chloe ( cont 'd ) be this a game ? - the triangle fade as EIGHT square appear . the sequence end with small empty box . - a cursor flash . hallie it 's a puzzle . chloe Circle , triangle , square ... wren octagon ? trapezoid ? hallie give a little smirk . hallie no , it 's a number . hallie reach in and press enter . - the cycle repeat . Three circle . five triangle . eight square ... - the cursor just sit there . blink . taunting they . hallie ( cont 'd ) thirteen ! wren and Chloe look at she , confuse . hallie ( cont 'd ) three plus five be eight . five plus EIGHT be thirteen she type in the unlucky number . - now a new screen load . wren I do not know you be a math geek . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 51 . hallie I be not ... not really . ( like a confession ) I just do well in a test environment . - a series of odd name and date scroll onto the page . Basic red-color text , underline on a black background . wren what be I look at ? hallie alton be in Illinois . this be all town name and date . click one ... wren click on one of the link . - a video open : we see the ground . weed and dirt . grainy and low re . the camera shake , flash across the sky and back again . when it steady , we see child play on a playground . - but the moment we hear laughter and excitement , the video pause . go silent . the child freeze in time . - and in the background , out of focus , there 's a indistinct human shape . tall and thin with a unsettle posture . its head slump to one side . Long arm hang down at its side ... -— then the image distort . a high pitched shrill explode from the speaker . all three flinch as the image cut out . hallie ( cont 'd ) shit ! chloe what be that ? hallie click on a different one . wren do . - a still image : a cant angle in the forest at night . a hurried composition . the nearby foliage be bleach from the camera 's flash . the light quickly fall off into a darken path between tree . wren it 's he ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 52 . silence fill the room as the girl lean in closer . - at the end of a path , a man . his strange narrow frame sketch in moonlight filter down from above . barely visible , but definitely there . arm the length of he body extend towards we . chloe I do not like this . wren close the haunt image . hallie look ! she point to a chat box at the bottom of the page . wren scroll through the feed . wren alley kat93 ? jeeze . they go back and forth like a hundred time ... wren expands the feed . hallie ( read ) " I know he be there before I see he . do he have hand for you ? " what ? do he have hand for you ? wren ( excited ) it 's like they be compare experience . all this place and date . I wonder if they be all slender man sighting . chloe wait. look ... Katie post a video . wren click on the link . - a video open : Katie stand in the wood . she hold up she phone like she 's take a selfie , but not smile . she walk slowly through the tree . the forest whirl around she as she make she way . her eye empty , void of emotion . on the girl - transfix on the secret video of they friend . and then they face change . eye widen as a wave of dread wash over they . the video end and they look at each other - 49 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 53. wren what be that ? hallie what do you see ? wren what do you see ? hallie I do not know . chloe I do not know either ... maybe nothing ? we hear the denial in they word . nobody want to say it out loud , but it 's clear . they all see something . int . hallie' bedroom -- night 49 a lamp on the bedside table warm the room . hallie lie back look at she phone . the blue glow light she face . - on the phone : Three circle turn to triangle , then square . hallie type '' 13 '' . a wrinkle of concern appear on she brow as she wait for the page to load . we watch she scroll down the sparse web page . with a couple of tap , Katie 's video appear . hallie press play ... - on screen : Katie 's face , stare into camera . the forest swirl around she as she wind she way through the tree . hallie watch closer now . wait . and then a look of recognition in she eye . now we see what they see before . behind Katie ... - slender man . obscure by the overgrown forest . but definitely there . - Katie stop walk . she clearly know he 's behind she . eye wide with fear . but she do not take they off the iphone in she hand . not even as the figure slowly start to come closer ... and closer ... hallie helplessly watch what unfold before she eye . 50 51 Blue Rev. ( 06/09 / 16 ) 54 , - the tower figure approach Katie from behind . he move through the underbrush , almost float . the branch scraping and snap around he body . the long arm hang down horribly at he side as he move effortlessly . - as he come closer and closer , we just start to make out what should be he face . instead , just a lifeless empty void . whispered voice ( 0.s. ) hallie ... hallie look up from she phone . listen . she stand and cross over to the door . open it . peer out . hallie 's Pov - the dark hallway sit in silence outside she room . but , just as she go to close she door , she hear the voice again . like a distant call . voice ( 0.s. ) hallie ... it 's a voice we recognize . hallie Katie ? slowly , she step into the hallway . int . hallie 's house - hallway -- continuous 50 hallie step softly down the empty hall . the house around she be so quiet we can hear she foot pad lightly on the floor . she head towards the back of the house , but as she approach the end of the hall we hear tiny sound outside . hallie peek around the corner . the back door be wide OPEN . the sound of night filter in . cricket chirp . katie ( 0.s. ) hallie ... Katie 's voice float in on a gentle breeze from outside . ext . hallie 's house -- night 51 hallie step out search the darkness in the backyard . 52 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 55 . katie ( 0.s. ) ( louder ) hallie . hallie 's look to the tree beyond and quicken she pace . ext . tree - continuous 52 moonlight fight through the canopy above . a heavy mist roll through the tree in front of she . hallie Katie ? be that you ? her voice just carry into the wood and disappear . she continue into the darkness . the forest become more and more dense . she slip under branch that block she way , and step over a fall tree . its trunk be stain a sulphurous yellow by disease . and just as she foot touch the forest floor ... a loud whisper in hallie 's ear ! katie ( 0.s. ) hallie ... hallie spin around . a chill run down she spine as she search the blackness all around she . we see katie pass in the distance but only for a moment . then she disappear into the fog drift between tree . hallie follow , move deeper into the wood . she step quickly , twig snap under she foot . hallie Katie ! she 's run now towards the tree where Katie slip away . hallie reach it and look around . nothing . only empty forest . hallie ( cont 'd ) Katie ! come back ... we hear whispered voice echoing in the distance . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 56 . voice ( 0.s. ) hallie ... hallie ... hallie search , but can not locate they . she be surround by a endless forest that lead into darkness . crack ! a branch break nearby . hallie spin towards the sound . hallie 's Pov - a fogge path through the tree . crack !! another break branch echoe in the distance . hallie stand freeze . stare . hallie 's Pov - we see movement behind the fog . between the tree . slowly grow . closer and closer until ... crash !! Tree branch thrash against each other in the dark haze . hallie stumble , backpedal . suddenly , something be visible through the fog . a thin shape move through the tree branch . something be walking toward US ! hallie turn to run , she foot pound back towards the house . she glance back ... hallie 's Pov - something tall and thin move through the fog . moving toward her ! ! we see panic spark in she eye as she quicken she pace . twig and branch SNAP behind her . louder and louder ... hallie glance back , now in a dead run .... hallie 's Pov - the tall , thin shape close in . it 's still hide in the haze , but we can almost make it out . it 's a tower human-like figure . hallie try to run faster . but the harder she run , the less ground she seem to cover . a savage wail escape she throat as she scramble forward . but it 's no use . her foot pound the forest floor . but each step forward somehow pull she deeper into the forest . almost slide ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 57 . as if a invisible force be pulling her backward ! in desperation , she dive forward and slam to the ground . she claw into the earth , try to hold she ground . try to crawl away . then , suddenly ... a wave of silence . all we hear be hallie 's panicked , painful breath . she look back and scan the forest . deep voice ( distort ) hallie ... hallie recoil , spinning around . then horror in her eye when she sees ... long thin arm reach down from above . two pale hand grab her ! int . hallie 's bedroom -- night a bone chilling scream !!! hallie 's body jolt awake !! for a moment she can't stop scream ! as if something have her . her eye darting around the room , searching ... her cell phone fall from she hand and tumble onto the floor just as the door to the bedroom slam open . halliex father what be it ?! hallie 's parent burst into the room . her Father quickly scan the space . hallie 's mother hallie , what 's the matter ? hallie still can not speak or catch she breath . her mother scramble over to the bed . hallie 's mother ( cont ’d ) hallie ! halliex father there 's nobody here , hal ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 58 . hallie snap out of it , like the end of a trance . she look around the room as if she parent have come out of nowhere . lizzie appear in the doorway behind they , a worried look on she face . lizzie what 's go on ? hallie 's breathe slowly return as she family look on . her heart stop pound . the fear fade from she eye as she calm and finally take a deep breath . hallie just a nightmare . hallie 's mother jeeze , I guess so . hallie 's father scare the hell out of I ... lizzie weirdo . lizzie just do a about - face and disappear into the hall . hallie 's mother offer a hug . hallie 's mother be you okay ? hallie yeah , sorry . hallie 's father it 's okay , kiddo . hallie give a uneasy smile and watch as she parent make they way out of the room . the house grow quiet again as a blanket of silence set in around she . hallie look down at she phone on the floor . - that same video of Katie still play . she just stare into the camera with dead eye . winding she way through the tree . wait for he ... hallie quickly grab it and tap the screen . the video disappear and the screen go dark . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 59 . int . wren' bedroom -- night wren sit in she room stare at something opposite she bed . there 's a nervousness in she eye . she focus as the nerve turn to determination . across the room sit on she desk , be Katie 's laptop . the little green power light blink . Calling to she . wren jump from she bed . wake the computer . and type quickly . before she lose the courage . - on screen : the small empty box on a black background wait for the unlucky number . she type it in . 13. - the list of name and date load onto the page . the same basic text , red and underline . wren pause . - we scroll through and click on a link . the same link from before . the one Katie post . on screen : the video load . that huge close - up of Katie 's face . eye wide . wren watch , listen to the leave crunch under Katie 's foot as she meander through the wood . we know what come next ... ding ! - a IM pop up in the chat box below . simple like a programer prompt . the name alley kat93 next to it ... wren hit pause . read ... - letter appear in succession . form two word ... - '' what 's up ? '' - the prompt drop down wait . the cursor blink . wren study it for a moment . - she quickly type : this be a friend of Katie 's . the cursor blink . a slow rhythm on and off . - alley kat93 respond : then you be a friend of mine . a little smile . wren take that as encouragement . 53 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 60 . - type : she 's miss . - alley kat93 : of course she be . - wren : what do you tell she ? - alley kat93 , immediately : what she want to know ... wren hold off , consider the cryptic message . - wren : which be ? - alley kat93 : the same thing you want to know . wren 's mouth drop open a bit , as if she 's go to say something ... wren ( pre - lap ) I talk to she ... ext . school - locker area -- day 53 fuele by caffeine and nerve , wren try to download hallie and Chloe as fast as she can . hallie who ? wren " alley kat93 . " the girl Katie be talk to on that site . I go on there and send she a message and she answer I ! chloe ( incredulous ) you go back on that website ? wren it do not matter . once you see he , you can not unsee he ... hallie what be you talk about ? wren slender man ! she tell I everything . he get in you head . like a virus . chloe what kind of virus ? wren see effort - Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 61 . wren ( emphatic ) like a virus on you computer . that infect you hard drive . only it 's you brain ! hallie wren , slow down ... wren she say once the virus take hold , he 's get you ! some he haunt . some he drive mad . other he take . like ... chloe like what ? wren like Katie . a dubious look on hallie 's face . redoubles she wren ( cont 'd ) I know it sound crazy , but alley kat say we can unveil ourselves . if we surrender something to he . something that reveal we true selve ... chloe what the do hell do that mean ? wren pause for dramatic effect . the girl sink in . wren we can contact slender man . study wren as the weight of what she 's propose hallie why the hell would we do that ? wren to get Katie back . hello ? she say that like it 's the clincher . hallie ( still dubious ) ask slender man ? Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 62 . wren alley kat say Katie do it and the next day she be go . hallie Katie ask slender man to take she ? chloe no way . wren she be always talk about run away ... the girl digest . wren ( cont 'd ) look , even if the odd be a million to one any of this be real ... that slender man have anything to do with Katie 's disappearance . we owe it to she to try . hallie and Chloe consider this . chloe ( dawns on she ) but what if it be real ? wren then we have to do this because we all get into this shit together . I mean Katie be we best friend . and we be the only one who might be able to help she ... hallie this be insane . wren maybe ... who 's in ? wren say it like that 's the final sell point . 54 int . hallie' bedroom -- night 54 hallie look at the many track award on she dresser . 55 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 63. wren ( 0.s . ) it have to be a true sacrifice . alley kat say it can not just be anything . it have to be important to you . something you love ... hallie step over to she dresser , but instead open the top drawer . she lift out a old tatter white scarf . Red word be embroider at one of the fray end ... '' from the same garden , different flower bloom . '' ext . back road -- night 55 wren walk along a quiet street . a lone street lamp over power the moonlight . she follow the treeline , hallie and Chloe a couple of step behind . they shadow stretch out before they as they plot a course through the scrub brush . we watch as they make they way out of the light and into the tree . we see a flashlight click on and watch as they disappear into the darkness beyond . ext . public forest -- night Tree limb and branch crack and break the silence as the girl fight they way into the forest . leave crunch under they foot . each of they step drum to a different , but steady beat . wren 's torch forage the path ahead , roll over fall and decompose tree . hallie and Chloe follow close behind . in the distance , we can make out a hint of light . a clear in the forest that allow moonlight to filter down . the girl emerge from a thicket of undergrowth , the flashlight search the open area . wren spotlight a massive stump of a tree that decompose long ago . bark fall down the side . rotten and jag . wren this should work . the girl approach the makeshift altar . the light in wren 's hand be the only relief from the darkness surround they . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 64 . a dampen silence close in as the girl form a circle around the tree stump . wren reach into she bag and pull out a ceramic monstrosity . wren ( cont 'd ) I make this in pottery class when I be five . it be suppose to be a coffee mug for my mother . she use it as a ashtray once . but I still always love it , so it will count . wren set it on the ground and grab a rock . she smashes the misshapen mug and gather the piece . she dump the debris into a decaye open in the center of the stump . she look to Chloe to go next . Chloe hold up a photo : a picture of man and a little girl . chloe this be the only picture I have of I with my dad . there be other photo of he float around online . trip he take with he new girlfriend , thing like that . this be the only one where we be together . she tear the photo into tiny piece and scatter they over the break ceramic shard in the damp , rotten hole . hallie realize it 's she turn . she show everyone the white scarf . we see the embroider description above the rag and fray end . '' from the same garden , different flower bloom . '' hallie my grandmother make this when lizzie be bear . she give it to I before she die . that be over 8 year ago , but I still really miss she . she pull a thread on the fray edge of the scarf . it quickly unravel , eat away at the fabric . it snag on the embroider word as they disappear and fall away . wren ( snarky ) I think you would bring one of you trophy . or medal ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 65 . hallie you say it have to be something I care about . touche . hallie place the wad yarn and scarf with the rest . wren scoops up a handful of dirt and cover they offer . wren ( call out ) this be we unveil . we surrender this item so that we may reveal we true selve . chloe anyone else feel like and idiot , or be it just I ? hallie and Chloe exchange a look , and Chloe snicker . wren glare at they and place she iPad over the sacrificial item in the decaye hallow of the tree . on screen : a photo of katie . wren ( look at the other ) light out . wren click off she flashlight . the moonlight now sketches they outline against the darken forest . wren step over and blindfold hallie with a necktie . then Chloe . she 's about to blindfold herself when she catch hallie and Chloe peek . wren ( cont 'd ) alley kat say not to look at he . when we ask for Katie 's return , we have to keep we blindfold on ... chloe why ? be not it dark enough ? hallie yeah . I be not do the blindfold thing ... wren give they a disapprove look . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 66 . wren Fine . let 's all just leave . forget it . if you do not want Katie back ... chloe Fine . whatever . this be so lame . wren 's call they bluff . the girl adjust they blindfold . wren put hers on . the girl reach for each other and hold hand . then awkwardly form a circle as they sit on the ground . now only darkness and forest sound surround they . cricket chirp . leave fall softly on the ground . a gentle wind rustle the treetop high above . hallie how long be we go to give this ? wren as long as it take . hallie not as long as it take . wren you have not give it any time yet . chloe ( sarcastically ) yeah , hallie , come on . they be quiet , for a second . hallie blow I . Chloe giggle . wren come on ! they be all quiet again . cricket continue to chirp . leave continue to rustle ... until suddenly the wind stop ! and the wood around they . the cricket stop chirping . the leave stop rustling . freak out , Chloe reach for she blindfold . wren sense it . wren ( cont 'd ) keep you blindfold on ! Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 67 . the girl 's head turn blindly toward each other in the inexplicable quiet . a moment later , soft and far way ... float on a gentle breeze ... a bell echoes in the forest . hallie do you hear that ? chloe hear what ? wren shhh ! then like a tiny whisper ... a blankete sound ... a long , faint chime resonate , carrying out from somewhere deep in the darkened wood . goosebump . the girl all turn towards the sound . listen . the temptation to remove the blindfold grow as they clasp they hand tighter . hallie ( whisper ) do you guy hear that ? chloe ( voice shaking ) we should not be do this ! hallie she 's right -- wren it 's too late ... hallie and Chloe both reach towards they blindfold , pull away . but wren tighten she grip on they hand . wren ( cont 'd ) leave you blindfold on ! it 's start . we have to keep they on !!! then a silence louder than before ... a stillness ... as if the forest be freeze in time ... the absence of sound explode in the girl 's ear . and then they hear it again ! Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 68 . a bell toll ! ! the final call . a deep , low , tone oscillate and echoes through the tree . the girl shudder as the sound swell and fill they ear . wren ( cont 'd ) keep the blindfold on !! but Chloe finally can not take it anymore . she lower she blindfold just enough to see something ! suddenly she face go white and ... she scream !!! and bolt from the circle ! into the wood ... wren and hallie tear off there blindfold ! not sure what the hell be go on ! they jump to there feet with little choice but to chase after there friend .. wren / hallie no !! Chloe !!! come back ! wren grab the flashlight and flick it on . the beam splashes across a wall of tree as they run towards the edge of the clear . - pick up on chloe deep in the wood . she run for she life , racing past low-hanging branch that snap at she leg . - on wren and hallie the two weave through the tree , the flashlight lead the way . the underbrush snag on they clothes like thin little finger . tiny grab hand . wren step past a tree and cut leave as hallie wrestle with one of the branch try to keep up . - on chloe she fight through a thicket of thorn branch and find a open between tree . Chloe duck through and ... thwack ! she run smack into a tree and fall to the ground . but it 's not a tree . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 69 . Chloe get up . it 's a tall , slender man stand right in front of her ! his torso be dark and black , like coal . his face white . a blank where he feature should be . he " stare " at she . without eye . his long arm raise and reach for she ... Chloe 's heart race , but she can not move . body rigid . paralyze . she can not look away . stare back at the man tower above she . she begin to ... scream ! and we ... CUT to another part of the wood - on wren wren rush along search frantically . then she hear chloe 's scream echo through the forest . she circle back with the flashlight . we see she be alone now . hallie be gone ! she look around , fearful . panicked breath . the flashlight casting long shadow from the tree that stretch out into the darkness all around she . then she hear something in the brush ! coming her way ! fast ! wren brace herself ... scream ! but it 's hallie who burst out of the tree ! scream too ! realizing they be okay , the girl struggle to catch they breath . they hold onto each other , scan the darkness . they breathe like stutter gasp . then a sound ! like distant chime . the girl look at each other ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 70 . the chime become clearer . like a ring tone . it grow louder and louder . hallie that 's Chloe 's phone . just as hallie say this , she own phone ring ! she jump , grab at she pocket . now wren 's phone start ringing , too ! the three tone coalesce . blend into a hideous song echoing in they ear . hallie look : unknown caller . she hesitates , then answer ... hallie ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? silence on the other end . wren answer she phone now . put it on speaker : wren ( into phone ) yes ? a scream come over the line ! the scream evolves into voice that SOUND eerily familiar ... it 's wren 's own voice and hallie 's ... " , .. do you hear that ? ... that 's Chloe 's phone ... " hallie what the hell ? where 's Chloe ?! wren I do not know . she just start run . like something spook she . I tell that stupid bitch to keep she blindfold on ! hallie do you see anything back there ? wren I be not sure . hallie call through the tree . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 71 . hallie Chloe ? ... Chloe ?! wren start call for she , too . wren Chloe ?!! they voice bounce around the forest and fade away . then silence return to we ear . that same absence of sound . no cricket chirp . no wind rustling the leave . crack ! a branch break in the darkness . then a faint murmur come from the wood ! wren grab hallie by the arm . wren ( cont 'd ) what be that ? then another murmur from the wood ! they both hear it now ... could it be Chloe ? crack ! hallie and wren stumble back away from the sound . crack ! ! almost run now , they fight through bramble and low hang branch . they finally push through , fall to the ground in the middle of a small trail . out in the open ! wren focus the flashlight in front of they , as they scramble back to they foot ... crack !!! a branch break and fall to the ground and chloe charge out from behind the tree . the flashlight spotlight she . daze and barefoot , she collapse on the path . she hold only one of she shoe . hallie Chloe ! you okay ? Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 72. Chloe look up , a distant look in she eye . like a shell - shocked veteran . Weathered and beat . wren Jesus , Chloe ! you scared we to death ! where have you go ? chloe ( slowly ) I lose a shoe . hallie we think something happen to you ... but Chloe be obsessed with she search . she look down at the ground around she . search for she lose shoe . wren forget about you goddamn shoe ! then a awed look on wren 's face . she shine the flashlight on Chloe 's face . pupil open so wide we can barely see the color of she eye . wren ( cont 'd ) you see he ... ext . STREET -- night the girl walk home . Chloe lag behind . hallie ( to Chloe ) be you okay ? Chloe do not make eye contact . chloe yeah . I just freak out . wren what happen ? no response . wren ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to take off you blindfold . do you see he ? finally , Chloe answer . 57 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 73. chloe nothing happen . I just get scared , okay ? wren something happen ! obviously . you be lie . why be you lie ? Chloe continue on . tire of wren 's badger . hallie just let it die , wren . Jesus . wren will have none of it . wren she 's lie and she know it . look at she . something happen back there ! hallie you be right . we do not get Katie back . that 's what happen ... wren want to argue more but she street approach . wren I gotta go . wren walk off . hallie and Chloe trudge on . hallie can see Chloe 's still upset . distract . a million mile away ... int . hallie' house - entryway -- night 57 the front door open and hallie step in . she pause listen ... the sound of the television filter in from the other room . her family carry on a carefree conversation , but she can not make out the word . we see the exhaustion on hallie 's face as she take a deep breath and head into the live room . int . hallie 's house - live room -- continuous her parent and lizzie sit on the couch watch tv . she move quickly , try to pass by unnotice ... hallie' mother hallie ? 58 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 74 . but fail . halliex father hey sweetheart . how be practice ? shit ! hallie 's eye give it away . she forget about track practice . cover ... hallie great ! her Father smile . before this get any worse , hallie make a quick exit . hallie ( cont 'd ) I get some homework ... a wrinkle on lizzie 's forehead show she can sense something be up ... int . hallie' bedroom -- later 58 the room be silent . hallie sit on the bed not read from a open textbook on she lap . we can almost see the evening 's event play back in she mind . then a knock at she door . lizzie ( 0.s. ) hal ? lizzie peek in . hallie quickly pretend to be study . lizzie ( cont 'd ) can I come in ? hallie put on a smile for she little sister . lizzie ( cont 'd ) everything all right ? hallie give I fifteen . okay ? lizzie okay ... lizzie step back out . shut the door behind she . 59 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 75 . hallie pick up she cell . call Chloe . get voice mail . hallie ( into phone ) chlo , hey , I be just ... call I , okay ? she hang up . unsettle . isolate in she lonely bedroom . int . chloe' bedroom -- night 59 Chloe stare at she phone , pace around the room . missed call from hallie . for a moment , she consider call back . but only for a moment . she fidget with she hand , wring they out . we see a manic look in she eye as she take a deep breath . Chloe open the music player on she phone and play a song . a soothing rhythm fill the air . she lay on she bed and close she eye . try to calm herself . deep breath after breath . she exhales pure anxiety , but it help . another breath and we see the nerve calm . we watch the tension release . her body relax into the soft bed beneath she . then a high pitched SOUND interrupt the song ! ! Chloe jump . her eye pop open . listen . but the song continue . like it do not happen . slowly she relax again , close she eye . suddenly that high pitched SOUND again ! a ear shatter note ! ! the sound shock Chloe to she foot . she grab the phone and hit stop . but it do nothing . she stamp at the screen and the sound disappear . now just the same quiet song as before . silence and relief as she exhales . at that same moment , she phone ding ! there 's a blank message with a attachment . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 76 . Chloe freeze , stare at the screen . her finger hover over the attachment . - she click on to see : a live -stream view of she house . Chloe can be see in one of the window . when she turn to look out the window , the fear in she eye be plainly visible . Chloe see nobody on the other side . only black empty void . - but she fear only grow as the stalking Pov of the video play in she palm move even closer to the house ! Chloe look outside again . still no one . impossible . - on the screen : the Pov stalk around the front of she house . right up to the front door ! -— then a moment of black and somehow the moving Pov be inside the house ! tracking down the hallway ! ! Chloe rush to she bedroom door . again check she phone : - the relentless , unknown Pov glide through the live room , past she mother ... closer and closer . then it stop outside chloe 's bedroom door ! Chloe tremble as the " mystery Pov " stop shy . wait ... she hesitates . then reach slowly for she door knob and open to find ... the hallway be empty . but the image on her phone show : chloe in her own OPEN doorway ! looking at her phone ... -— then that high pitched SOUND ! ! - the image change : a medium close - up of slender man . ina black suit with a face that be a francis bacon blur -- stand right behind her ! Chloe spin around ... but nothing be there . she drop the phone . horrify . only to notice something on the back of she hand ... a dark red pulpy mass , spread slowly . horrify , she scratch at it . then feel something on she arm . she pull back she sleeve and gasp when she see ... 61 62 Blue Rev. ( 06/09 / 16 ) 77 . her arm be bubble over with lesion ! they be spread quickly ! ! hysterical she drop the phone and move to the mirror in she room . she look ... the lesion quickly TRAVEL across her neck and face . Chloe look down at she hand . both completely cover . she pull up she shirt . they be everywhere . horrify , she look back into the mirror . the dark figure stand right behind her in the reflection ! before she can even scream ... CUT to : ext . school - bell tower -- day 61 as the sun creep over the horizon , the bell ring to start a new day . int . school - classroom -- day 62 hallie try to concentrate . but struggle with a precalc problem . she scratch out she work and start over . tom ( 0.s. ) , ( whisper ) hey ? hallie look up to see Tom in the next row . he look over at Chloe 's empty chair . tom ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) what 's up with Chloe ? it 's be a few day ... hallie shrug , now nervous and avoid eye contact . across the way . wren come to the rescue ... wren ( whisper ) she 's fine . just a cold ... Tom nod and focus back on he notebook . wren lock eye with hallie . give she a '' get you shit together ! '' look . 63 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 78. ext . school - locker area -- later 63 hallie exit one of the school building . she text Chloe . no response . she continue walk , head bury in she phone until ... tom wait up ... Tom come jogging up next to she . hallie 's catch off guard . tom ( cont 'd ) how you hold up ? I mean with Katie and all ... hallie uh , well , you know ... tom I get a idea that might cheer you up . hallie you do ? hallie can not help smile , enjoy the newfound attention . tom it 's Friday . we get the weekend off . so I be think ... we should do something ? hallie can not believe it . she try to nod casually . miraculously , Tom do not seem to notice how excited she be . hallie sure ... why not ? cool . hallie glance away self - consciously , try to hide the giddiness . but it quickly fade when she see ... the treeline in the distance . tom want to hang out tonight ? hallie do not even hear the question . there 's something on the other side of the school 's chain link fence ! cherry Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 79 . a tall dark silhouette . static . quietly stare . too far away to make out any detail . it look like a man , but with something spread out from its side . like tree branch , but tangled and moving . tom ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hallie ... this turn hallie 's attention back to Tom . distract , she try to play it off . hallie what ? tom you okay ? hallie I mean , yeah . you place ? Tom consider that victory . tom cool . see you later in bio . hallie nod . Tom start to move off to some other friend and glance back as if to wave goodbye . but hallie 's attention have drift again into the distance . hallie refocus on the treeline . the fence border the school . the exact same spot the man be stand just a moment before . nothing there now ... int . school library - MAIN floor -- day a blanket of silence surround we . wren sit quietly type at one of the library computer . - on the screen : search result for '' paranormal research study '' . a list populate and we scroll through . wren spot a entry and write down a call number . pn350.22 int . school library - stack -- day book line the shelf deep in the stack of the library . cherry Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 80. wren travel down a empty aisle , finger trail along the book . it 's so quiet we can hear she finger drag across the spine . we can hear each footstep pad softly on the carpet . various title slide by . she stop at the end of the aisle and pull one of the book . bioelectric system and the paranormal . the bind groan as it open . have not be touch in year . concentration on she face , as she flip through the page . a faint sound break the silence . creak -creak-creak-creak ... wren listen as the sound grow louder . repeating faster . then through the book , we see movement on the other side . wren watch as the movement reach she end of the aisle . now , only a few foot away . about to round the corner when ... a librarian 's cart come into view . one last creak and it stop . the librarian grab a book and slide it back onto a shelf . then he grab the cart and wheel it away . silence again as wren focus back on the book . then a realization on she face as she skim the page . she pull she phone from she pocket and quickly dial a number . we listen with she as it ring ... then a soft click . but no answer . wren ( whisper ) hello ? Chloe ...? then a strange sound nearby . bzzzz2z2z2t ... wren look down the aisle to a bank of fluorescent light flicker in the far corner . the buzzing grow louder as they struggle to stay light . wren 's Pov - bzzzt ! the light short out . a single spark fall from the fixture . confusion on wren 's face as she watch the tiny spark float to the floor and snuff out on the carpet . wren turn to where the librarian be just moment ago . cherry Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 81 . wren ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) hey , the light be - bzzzz2z2z2zt !!! SPARKS burst out of the next ballast ! they rain down , smoldering on the carpet ! wren flinch as the far corner go dark . bzzt !! another fixture burst !! then another ! ! the light short out in sequence , the darkness working its way across the room ... toward wren !! wren start to back away , the book fall from she hand . boom !! the whole floor goe dark , except for one light above wren 's head ... wren slowly look up . bzzzzt !! it goe out !! complete darkness !! a involuntary scream escape wren 's throat . it carry out into the empty void surround she . and then nothing . only silence . in a panic , she use she phone as a flashlight and scan the aisle behind she . wren 's Pov - it 's too dark to make it out , but there be the faint outline of a tall static figure at the other end . be something stand there ...? wren back away . wren 's Pov - the tall static figure just stand there ... staring at her ... wren strain to make it out . and then ... it move !! the figure slide towards we . a figure we recognize ! tall and slender !! hideously long arm hanging at its side !! wren scream and bolt out of the aisle . wren 's Pov - the light from the phone reach into blackness . spotlight a endless row of book that lead into nothing . wren race through the darkness , the phone spot the way ahead . book fly past , the light flash across they . cherry Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 82. then the aisle end !! she duck into another aisle . wren ( cont 'd ) help !! no answer . her voice just carry out into darkness as she race past the book . then that aisle end !! she turn another corner . row of book endlessly streaking past . we hear wren 's rapid breath . her footstep pound . she reach the end of the aisle again !! it 's like a maze in the dark !! which way !? wren flash the light around she . nothing but stack of book everywhere . just line of shelve leading into darkness !! desperate , she just pick a direction . the light shake as she run , only carry a few stride ahead . suddenly , the beam of light flash across something ... the figure !!! a freakishly tall man stand there in the darkness ! like he be waiting for her !! he wear a black suit and tie , staring from a horribly blank , featureless face !! wren try to stop and slide to the floor . we hear wren 's blood curdling scream as the figure move toward her ! its face emit a distorted , ear piercing SOUND !! a chaotic sweep of light splashes across the figure as wren scramble to she foot . she reverse direction , in a full sprint . only the phone spot the way ahead . aisle after aisle fly past as she race aimlessly . turn right , turn leave . lost in the maze , until ... something slide out in front of her !! wren slam into it !! boom !!! every fluorescent fixture above instantly blaze with light !! book fly in all direction as the darkness be wash away . 65 cherry Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 83. the librarian cart tumble to the floor in front of her . the librarian stand freeze , book in hand . eye wide . stare at a rave lunatic . librarian Young lady , be you okay ? pant and out of breath , wren quickly look around . everything be back to normal . just a quiet library . nothing behind she . nothing chase she . wren sit there , head spin . catch she breath . and then something catch she eye ... wren 's Pov : a book scattered on the floor . '' bioelectric system and the paranormal '' wren grab it and scramble to she foot . the librarian stand in shock , just stare as wren run away and disappear around the corner . ext . school - p.e. field -- day 65 hallie be on she way to track practice . wren march up . obviously distraught . wren you do not get my message ? hallie my phone 's in my locker . wren okay ... please , just listen to I . I run all the way here . wren hand be trembling . hallie 's never see she like this . wren ( cont 'd ) I understand now . hallie look around . not want to draw attention . wren ( cont 'd ) what alley kat be try to tell I ... it 's proof ! wren show hallie the book from the library . she open it to a mark page . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 84 . wren ( cont 'd ) paranormal contact with bioelectric system often result in a symbiotic relationship . the effect on host organism have be well document and manifest in various form ... personality change , bizarre behavior , mental illness , psychosis , loss of contact with reality , hallucination , self mutilation , suicide , and nonspecific dissolution . ( look at hallie ) they just disappear . people start to look they way . hallie wren. chill ... wren it 's exactly like alley kat say . when you contact he , it become part of you . like a virus . but one you can not get rid of ! wren try to catch she breath . wren ( cont 'd ) have anything weird happen to you ? anything strange ? hallie hesitates . wren see it . wren ( cont 'd ) do not hold out on I bitch ... hallie ( whisper ) okay . I be talk to Tom between class -- wren ( negative ) Tom ? hallie what 's wrong with Tom ? wren who give a shit about tom ! tell I what happened ?! Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 85 . hallie I think I see something in the tree . wren it be he . hallie protest . hallie I do not say that . it could have be anything ... wren ( please ... ) it be he ! ( beat ) what about Chloe ? have you talk to she ? hallie her mom keep say she 's sick . last time I call , she pretty much flat - out tell I to stay away . wren we need to go see she right now ... hallie look around . hallie I have practice . I can not just leave - wren ( quote finger ) I think you do not care about track ? with that wren walk off . but toss back for good measure - wren ( cont 'd ) call I when you grow a conscience . gauntlet throw . hallie think for a beat . make a decision ... 66 ext . chloe 's house -- day 66 near dusk . hallie and wren stand across from Chloe 's house . hallie pull out she cell . call Chloe again . no answer . now text she . no response . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 86 . wren Chloe have not answer a single text or call . you know that 's not like she . something 's definitely up . we gotta talk to she ... hallie her mom 's gonna run interference . wren duh ! that 's why we gotta go around the side . knock on she window , moron ... hallie nod '' okay '' . and the two move toward the house . as quietly as possible , they duck down beneath the live room window . peek in to see : Chloe 's mother sit on a sofa in a dim de . her shoulder slump in a wreath of cigarette smoke . they move on to Chloe 's room now . wren cup she hand over she eye to see better . but no luck . she shake she head . can not see anything . until ... chloe pop up in the window right above they ! she look insane ! dark circle under her eye ! emaciated and pale ! like a live skeleton ... and doesn ’t seem to notice her friend ! in fact , look right through they ... ext . STREET -- evening the sun be nearly down . a shake wren and hallie regroup down the block . wren do you see that ? she look right through we ! like we be not there ... hallie do see . tries to make sense of it all ... wren ( cont 'd ) she see he ! in the wood . I know it ... suddenly , hallie' phone ring . they both stop in they track . Blue Rev. ( 06/09 /16 ) 87 . hallie it 's Chloe . hallie show wren the phone . we see the name . the accompany photo . a tiny selfie of Chloe . the way they remember she , smile up at they from the screen . hallie answer . put it on speaker . hallie ( cont 'd ) hello . but there 's only silence . hallie ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? Chloe ? we hear shuffle on the other end of the line . then a faint murmur . something that sound like cry . a soft whimper . chloe ( v.o. ) now I know ... hallie Chloe ? what be it ? chloe ( v.o. ) it 's happen all the time ... he will not go away ... the word come fast . wren interrupt . wren Chloe ? who ? no response . wren ( cont 'd ) Chloe , be you there ? Chloe mumble again . as the girl strain to hear .. chloe ( v.o. ) he will not stop ... wren what do he want ? ( beat ) Chloe ... Chloe be you there ? silence . then we hear Chloe cry . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) chloe ( v.o. ) do not ever call I again . call ended . she hang up . wren and hallie look at each other . hallie what the hell be that ? they look in the direction of Chloe 's house . 88 . the sky burn orange above the dark suburban street . a street light flick on . darkness will be here soon . hallie make a decision . walk away . hallie ( cont 'd ) I do not want to do this anymore . wren I do not either ! but I be stick in it . you be stick in it , too . you just do not know it yet . hallie what be I stick in ? wren what we start . hello ? hallie cross she arm . wren ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . I be not do a " thing . " hallie all right ... wren and do not say " all right '' like that to I . this be real goddamnit ! hallie nope . I be do . no more game . wren it 's not a game . do not you get it ? ( beat ) we only see the website video . but Chloe ... she see he in the wood ! Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 89 . hallie ( uncertain ) she say ... wren she say what exactly ? hallie 's truly reach she limit . hallie I be not go to let you keep drag I into this craziness . wren you think I create this situation ? hallie I think you love the drama ... wren read the book I show you . you 's 1ll see the body count . thousands of disappearance . search party ... face on milk carton ... I be not make this shit up . it all happen exactly like alley kat say ... hallie alley kat93 , of course . the expert who know everything . funny you do not talk about this body count stuff before . wren stammer a bit , throw off balance by that ... wren it be all hearsay then . just talk . but now it 's not just she say it . it 's right there in black and white . and alleykat know first hand ... hallie yeah . and she 's probably some 50 - year - old horny dude live in someone 's basement , get off on email back and forth with teenage girl ... ya ever think of that ? do you ? and with that , hallie turn she back to leave . wren get really angry now . 68 69 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 90 . wren you think you can just go back to real life ?! hallie ( toss back ) yeah . I do . in fact , I have a '' real life '' date with '' real life '' Tom tonight . in real life ... wren take this like a gunshot . and hallie escalate the insult by continue to walk away ... wren shout after she - wren you hear what Chloe say ! he 's not go to stop ! and go on a date with abercrombie Tom can not change that ! hallie almost turn around . but instead throw she arm up in the air . flip wren off . wren ( cont 'd ) you know I be right !! but hallie just walk away ... int . hallie' bedroom -- night 68 hallie make final adjustment in the mirror . tries to forget about she tiff with wren . determined that all be , and will be , normal . int . hallie 's house - dine room -- night 69 hallie head out . past the dining room where she parent and lizzie eat . hallie 's mother not join we for dinner ? hallie can not . get plan . hallie resume she exit . but - halliex father hold on a second ... 70 71 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 91 . hallie can hear it in she father 's tone . he 's not happy . she turn back . hallie 's father ( cont ’d ) coach Sanders call . Said you walk out on practice today . and miss one last week . what 's go on ? busted . but hallie 's emotional right now and go on this date if it kill she . hallie I gotta go . hallie 's mother honey ... we be just ask -- but hallie 's out the door . so confuse and agitate by all that 's happen . ext . tom' house -- night 70 check she makeup , hallie knock on the front door . Tom open it moment later . happy to see she . tom hey . hallie sorry I be late ... tom no. come in . int . tom' house - entryway -- continuous 71 hallie flash a anxious smile and follow Tom in . she avoid eye contact try to keep the excitement at bay . hallie I think I have the wrong house . there be not any car in the driveway . tom yeah , my dad 's on a business thing . and my mom go someplace with some friend of hers . hallie nobody 's home ? 72 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 92 . she hesitates just long enough to show it make she nervous . tom just we . that okay ? hallie sure . int . tom' live room -- night 72 hallie check out Tom 's collection of comic book , fan Boy figurine , and sci fi movie paraphernalia . hallie ( smile ) I do not know you be a nerd ... tom yeah ... I be not always this handsome . hallie laugh . they sit on a comfy couch . a old turntable spin a vinyl record around and around . a simple vocal over a soulful rhythm fill the air . hallie cast sidelong glance at Tom , who seem to really be into the song . tom ( cont 'd ) listen to that sound ... hallie nod , pretend she get it . her eye wander around the room . she focus on the impressive collection of vinyl record stack on shelf . hallie that 's a lot of record . tom yeah , most of they be my dad 's , but the new stuff be mine ... he gesture to the current song . hallie cool . tom you want I to put something else on ? hallie no , this be great . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 93 . then a pause in the conversation . a opportunity ... Tom finally make he move and kiss she . hallie fall back into the couch , run she finger through he hair . Tom start to round the basis , hand explore . and for a moment , hallie do not resist . but then push he back , slow it down . take control . tom you okay ? she nod and a big smile appear on she face . they slowly ease back on the sofa as the music continue in the background . then just as hallie close she eye and let herself go ... a high pitched SOUND ! hallie turn to look at the speaker . hallie do you hear that ? tom good. right ? Tom do not seem to notice . hallie scan the room , ear wide open . listen . but the music return to normal . tom ( cont 'd ) come here ... he pull hallie closer . but just as she turn back ... tom' face have change !! it 's now just a vague suggestion of something human , disappearing into a blank visage . hallie shriek and push away ! Tom disappear as the room seem to warp and expand impossibly around she . the music devolve into the same high pitch noise we have hear before . scream from the speaker . louder and louder as the room transform . and in the chaos ... hallie scream !!! then instantly ... we go back to reality . Tom jump off hallie like he 's be electrocute . hallie bolt upright . 73 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 94 . tom ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? hallie 's eye dart around the room . check all four corner . but everything have return to normal . except Tom be now look at she like she 's a complete lunatic . tom ( cont 'd ) I do not do anything . hallie ( still confuse ) what ? tom I do not do anything ! hallie ( mortify ) I know . Tom relax . she catch she breath . tom be you okay ? hallie look at he . Long story ... later 73 Tom come back in the room with a glass of water . hand it to hallie . take a look at she phone . tom have you tell anybody about this ? she shake she head . tom ( cont 'd ) if Katie be on a weird slender man site , who know who she meet there ? probably some guy with a van . I hate to say it ... he start tapping on she phone , search for something . tom ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) be this it ? hallie look up and see what he 's do . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 95 . hallie do not ! that '' how to summon slender man '' video start to play . tom I have never see this one ... hallie Tom , do not ! he look at she , startle . she jump up , grab for she phone . he reflexively hold it out at arm 's length . hallie ( cont 'd ) you can not watch it . promise I you will not watch it . ever . tom it 's just a video -- hallie ( interrupt ) no. really . you have to promise I ! tom ( start to laugh ) okay , I will not ... hallie I be not kid . promise I . Tom be dubious but can see she 's serious . he give hallie back she phone . tom okay . I promise ... hallie look at he , anxiety dance in she eye . he pull she close . tries to give comfort . tom ( cont 'd ) really . finally , she nod think he just might mean it . hallie okay , well ... I should probably go . one last kiss and Tom walk she to the front door . 76 77 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 96 . int . hallie 's bedroom - night 76 hallie burst in and drop she thing on the bed . half of it scatter onto the floor . she take a deep breath try to calm . in the bedroom mirror hallie see the desperation in she eye . the fear on she face . she 's almost unrecognizable to herself . finally she break . sob . she turn away so she can not see the tear and let it all go . int . school - locker area -- day 77 hallie drift unnotice through a seemingly endless crowd of student . emotionless . completely tear down . until she turn the corner and see ... chloe ! Chloe carry book like any other student , but something 's different . her skin so pale . except for the make - up cake on she face . like a corpse prepare for a open casket funeral . hallie Chloe ... she pass , without acknowledge hallie 's presence . hallie turn to go after she . hallie ( cont 'd ) Chloe ! wait ! what 's go on ? Chloe stop . turn to hallie with a craze and paranoid look on she face . hallie ( cont 'd ) something happen ... to you . and Katie , I guess . something 's go to happen to I . and wren , too . be not it ? no response . hallie ( cont 'd ) be it already happen ? I have see thing ? I can not explain it ... a thin smile creep across Chloe 's face . she break into a strange laugh . we see the confusion on hallie 's face as she watch Chloe drift into a crowded hallway . 78 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 97 . int . school - classroom -- day 78 a eye stare up at we from a metal tray . a cow 's eye . biology class . student be line up at different table with cow eye in front of they . scalpel and scissor in hand . hallie see wren . who look the other way . then see Chloe two table over silently stare out the window . the scalpel hang from she hand . biology teacher hey , look who decide to show up ! we see Tom duck into the room . distract and out of breath , like he be be chase . hallie smile as he come closer . but he just slip past , take the open stool at the end of she table . wren scowl ... biology teacher ( cont ’d ) all right , first , take a moment to observe the external anatomy ... hallie lean back to draw Tom 's attention . he still seem to not acknowledge she 's there . she whisper - hallie hey . he do not respond . hallie face forward as the teacher walk by . biology teacher the cornea look cloudy and bluish because of the preservation process ... hallie look at the cloudy , bluish eye then back to Tom . biology teacher ( cont ’d ) now slice as evenly as you can through the sclera to separate the anterior feature of the eye ... around hallie , student be cut now . include Chloe . she speak louder this time - hallie Tom ! he look . seem to notice she for the first time . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 98 . hallie ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? it take he half a beat but he smile . tom yeah , I be fine . hallie nod but can see Tom 's smile be short - live . he look harry . hallie 's about to say something else to he but be interrupt by a ... loud gasp ! hallie turn to see kid back away from one of the table . Chloe 's table . we see confusion on hallie 's face . Chloe just stand there , alone at the table . oblivious to the other kid back away . the commotion spread like a wave through the classroom . then hallie see ... Chloe cut herself ! drawing the point of she scalpel across she palm as if testing its sharpness ! blood pour onto the table . and then ... chloe hold the scalpel up to her eye ! we hear chair scoot . kid jump to they foot . hallie 's eye widen , freeze in the moment . Chloe study the blade for a long beat , a sinister smile on she face . and then ... she stab !! as we cut away there be scream !!! hallie and wren just stand there . watch . paralyze with terror as the teacher grab for Chloe . desperately try to pry the scalpel out of she hand ... student # 1 oh my GOD ! we watch as the class erupt into chaos ! student rush out of the room scream . student # 2 her eye !! 79 80 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 99 . ext . school - parking lot -- day 79 paramedics wheel Chloe to a ambulance . with tear stream down , hallie and wren watch Chloe disappear behind the ambulance door . for a moment , Tom stand behind they . we see the fear on he face . then he slowly slip away behind the gather crowd . wren and hallie lock eye . the nightmare be only get worse ... wren I tell you ... ( cry hysterically ) I tell you and you would not believe I . hallie just stand there , shaking . tear pour from she eye as the ambulance 's light and siren slowly fade away . int . hallie' house - hallway -- evening 80 hallie race upstairs . her mother in hot pursuit . hallie' mother hallie , be you all right ? hallie yeah , Mom . hallie' mother lizzie tell we about Chloe ... hallie stop . hallie' mother ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it . you be there ? do you see she do it ? hallie can not speak . she can not find the word . hallie' mother ( cont ’d ) oh my God . that poor girl . hallie 's mother do not know the half of it . hallie I need to lie down ... she trail off . her mother nod . 81 82 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 100 . hallie' mother of course . I be so sorry . she give hallie a hug . sense something ... hallie 's mother be you okay ? hallie nod . hallie 's mother ( cont ’d ) because you sister 's take it very hard . I be worried about she . she have not come out of she room since she get home ... hallie I be just tired . hallie 's mother can I get you anything ? hallie shake she head and keep go . int . hallie 's bedroom -- later 81 hallie 's computer sit in she lap . that ominous slender man website up on the screen . she type a message in the chat window . to alleykat93 : '' you have to help we ! '' the cursor blink . no response . she try again : '' how do you make he go away ? '' she press send . add : " please !!! " but get a automatic response : '' user account discontinued . '' on hallie . we see hope fade and the fear return ... later 82 hallie lie in bed . eye fix on a frame photo that sit on she bedside table : herself , wren , Katie and Chloe in a goofy selfie from happier time . she look at the picture as if it be a distant memory . then ... sporadic sob out in the hall . her parent whispering . 83 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 101 . hallie sit up - hallie' father ( 0.s. ) come on . just breathe , lizzie . int . hallie 's house - hallway / bathroom -- continuous 83 hallie move through the dark hallway , towards a light in the bathroom . we hear lizzie cry . her parent urgent voice . hallie 's almost run now . she reach the half - open door and see she Father tend to lizzie . lizzie 's struggle to breathe . hallie 's mother stand by feel helpless . hallie what 's go on ? hallie' mother she can not breathe . we have to get she to the emergency room . lizzie gulp for air . hallie lizzie ? oh my God ... lizzie look up with swollen red eye . tear streak down the pale skin on she face . her hand tremble . halliex father the ambulance be on its way ... hallie 's Father start bundle lizzie in a towel . hallie watch helplessly as he carry lizzie past she . hallie 's mother it 's okay , baby ... lizzie begin to lose consciousness , she eye roll back in she head ! hallie rush over . hallie lizzie ! wake up !! hallie' father we be all here , lizzie . hallie' mother where 's that ambulance ?! 84 87 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 102. finally , we hear siren in the distance . int . lizzie ’'s hospital room -- night 84 lizzie 's bed sit in a pool of harsh light . pale skin and dark eye . the vital sign monitor track she pulse . hallie sit bedside listen to she mother cry as the doctor tell they lizzie have a massive anxiety attack . hallie 's father step over shield hallie from the detail . hallie 's father hallie , give we a minute . why do not you go get you mother something to drink ...? hallie 's father hand she some money and motion to the door . CUT to : int . hospital hallway -- day hallie tap away on she phone as she walk towards a vend machine at the end of the hallway . she send a text to Tom . on the phone : '' you around ? '' hallie come to the end of the hallway . no answer ... she punch a button on the vend machine , a lose look in she eye as the soda tumble out . she grab it and turn to walk away . but as she do ... hallie see a orderly step out of a room down the hall . outside the room be a cluster of balloon ... the name '' chloe '' on one of they . hallie 's foot slow as she approach the open doorway . slowly , she peek inside . Pov - a curtain section off the room . int . chloe 's hospital room -- continuous 87 the curtain slide back . hallie enter to see '' get well '' card and flower . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 103 . but the bed be empty . raspy voice ( 0.s. ) hallie ? hallie startles ! for a moment she can not locate she , but find Chloe sit by the window in a wheelchair . her eye be bandage with thick pad of gauze . hallie Chloe . oh my God . how have you know it be - — - chloe I can smell you perfume ... hallie do not see the sinister grin creep across Chloe 's face as she move closer . hallie be you okay ? a tiny laugh escape Chloe 's throat . a hideous , dry rasp . chloe ( grin morbidly ) I try to stop it . but it do not work ... Chloe reach up and pick at one of the bandage . hallie no . do not do that ! hallie try to stop she hand , but Chloe push she away . chloe I realize now . he ’1ll never stop . chloe rip the gauze from her face ! the bandage fall away and we see ... her missing eye be now deep crimson xs of scarree tissue . chloe ( cont 'd ) but I can still see ! chloe start to scream ! chloe ( cont 'd ) I can still see !!! 88 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 104 . the horrific stare turn hallie for the door and the scream chase she into the hallway . int . hospital hallway -- continuous 88 hallie rush away . past the nurse 's station . back to lizzie 's room ... her parent be go . no doctor and nurse . we see distress on hallie 's face and then ... she gasp . lizzie 's body be cover in a white sheet ! the hum from the light fill we ear as hallie slowly pace over to the bed . hallie reach towards the rigid body . hand tremble . slowly , she pull back the white sheet and reveal a face ... lizzie lie motionless . eye close . skin drained of color . hallie no ... hallie gently touch she hand to lizzie 's face . hallie ( cont 'd ) lizzie ... come on ... wake up ... her voice falter . she shake she sister . hallie ( cont 'd ) lizzie ... but it do nothing . hallie start to cry . tear flow . dripping from she eye . hallie ( cont 'd ) no ... then we see a single tear come from lizzie 's eye . hallie wipe the tear . then lizzie 's face twitches ! a microscopic movement . a tiny muscle contraction under one of lizzie 's eye . hallie see it and a burst of hope appear on she face . 92 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 105 . hallie ( cont 'd ) lizzie ! lizzie 's face twitches again . hallie ( cont 'd ) wake up ! lizzie 's eye still do not open , but the muscle begin to twitch all over now . contort lizzie 's face . strange expression of unknown emotion . hallie shake she again . and lizzie 's head fall to the side . her mouth hanging OPEN . like she 's go to say something ! hallie stare at she , wait for the word . lizzie 's lip begin to move and we see ... a giant bug crawl out of her mouth . hallie jump back and scream ! then another bug emerge ... and another ... lizzie 's face bubbles under the skin . rippling like water . expand and contracting until ... her eyelids OPEN . but there be no eye . only bug ! they burrow out from under the skin on lizzie 's face . we hear they scurrying and gnaw they way through . hundred crawl out of the flesh . hallie back away horrified ! turn to run ... only to see her parent come in . and the room around her 92 return to normal . hallie' mother hallie ? you okay ? hallie try to comprehend . look over and see lizzie sleep in bed . struggle but still with we . emotion overwhelm hallie . she can not keep it in anymore . her mother and Father look at each other , confuse . hallie 's father hallie , we be worried about you . you have not be yourself lately . 94 95 96 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 106 . she look into she parent 's eye . they 'il never believe she if she tell they . hallie burst into tear . ext . school - locker area -- day 94 a crowded hallway . kid make they way to class like it be any other day . move on , like nothing have happen . hallie walk with she head down . try not to see anything . or anyone . fearful of more vision . int . school - classroom -- day 95 hallie enter , distant and distract . her biology teacher welcome everyone back . with a heavy heart . hallie see wren . a emotional , load beat . then notice ... Tom be absent . we can see the anxiety flicker inside . she grab she phone and text he ... hallie : where be you ? she stare at the screen . no message back . hallie be about to message he again when ... a wave of confusion rush through the classroom ! hallie and wren look up to see kid out of they seat . at the window . whisper . point ... with tentative step , the girl cross over to the window . it 's almost like they know what they be about to see ... ext . school - bell tower -- continuous 96 tom stand on the ledge of the bell tower ! High above the ground ... lean out , eye lock on the ground below . like he 's go to jump ! hallie shit ! 97 98 Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 107 . int . classroom -- continuous 97 wren and she classmate just stand there , shocked and confuse . stare out the window . hallie charge past . rushes out of the room . ext . school - bell tower -- continuous 98 a crowd of student , teachers , and security have gather below the tower . look up at tom. Calling 911 . begging he to come down . begging he not to jump ... hallie come run . hallie ( yell up to he ) tom !!! Tom spot hallie fight she way through the crowd . hallie ( cont 'd ) Tom ... what be you do ?! tom ( yell down ) you be right , hallie ! the crowd 's attention quickly shift to hallie . collectively wait for a answer . right about what ? hallie tom ! come down ! right now !! and that 's when Tom make it clear ... tom but I see he ! everywhere ! ! shit ! he watch the video ... we hear siren . emergency responders on the way . tom 's Pov : in the distance , at the edge of the wood stand a blurred figure . tall and slender . arm outstretch like the branch of a tree . beckone ... hallie ( 0.s. ) it 's okay ! come down ! tom , please ! stop this !!! back on tom : a realization appear on he face . a unnatural look of joy ... Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 108 . tom i'm go to !! he step over the edge and free fall ! frightened voice cry out from the crowd ! as tom 's body crash to the ground !!! and hallie scream !! a study in shock and terror . tear stream down she face . frozen in this nightmare ... int . hospital hallway -- day hallie wander aimlessly like a lose child . walk down a hallway that feel like it stretch out forever . a round of laughter draw she attention to one of the room . Inside the room , a family joke around , cheer up a little girl in a hospital bed . all smile as a nurse prepare the tiny patient for release . but the smile bring sadness to hallie 's eye . she start to cry , the weight of everything crumble around she . we can see the pain in hallie 's eye as we follow she around the corner . then we hear shriek from down the hallway . hallie see nurse hurry towards a hospital room . rushing into lizzie 's room ! hallie move quick now . almost run as she reach the door . Inside the room ... it be lizzie shrieking . out of control . hallie 's mother and Father look up as hallie step into the room . we see the panic in they eye . the tear . int . lizzie 's hospital room -- continuous a doctor stand over lizzie read she vital sign . he bark order at the nurse who respond immediately . efficient like a machine . work in unison . nurse BP , 80 over 40 . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 109 . doctor let 's get she move . the railing slide up on the side of lizzie 's bed . the wheel release . a iv be attach to a hanger . and suddenly , lizzie be be wheeled towards the door . hallie where be they take she ? she rush over , grab lizzie 's bed . hallie 's Father stop she , let the nurse pass . hallie 's father hallie , they have get to get she to the icu ... more scream from lizzie . her face paler than before . hallie lizzie ! hallie pull away from she father and grab lizzie 's hand . lizzie see hallie . lizzie ( hiss ) he do not have a face ! terror washes over hallie when she hear the word ... and then lizzie 's hand be rip away . the hospital bed roll towards the door . hallie lizzie ! as they exit the room . hallie ( cont 'd ) lizzie !! hallie 's Father wrap he arm around she as they watch lizzie disappear . tear fall from hallie 's face as the fear build inside . we see it grow in she eye . overwhelm she . and then it 's too much ... hallie break . burst into tear . fearing the worst . she pull away from she father . head for the door ... smash CUT to : 99 Tan Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 110 . ext . hallie 's house - lizzie 's bedroom -- night 99 hallie charge through the door , search . lizzie 's laptop sit on the desk in the corner . hallie rush over and tap on the keyboard . the screen light up and we see ... that ominous red-on-black website ! a wave of dread wash over she as the realization sink in . - on the screen : we see lizzie 's conversation with other user . as we scroll through , a name catch hallie 's eye ... '' wren '' hallie open the thread . in the feed : question from lizzie . answer from wren . who be slender man ? what do he do ? how do he find you ? hallie scroll down to the last entry ... there 's a video link !! hallie click and it load ... - in the video : the camera move through the tree . we hear a sweet laugh from behind the camera . barely audible . then a girl appear , walk away from we . we follow she into a clear . she stop and face the camera . hallie freeze , horrify when she realize ... it 's lizzie !! - we hear lizzie giggle . then hallie sees it !! -— someone hand the camera to lizzie . we can now see perfectly . but lizzie doesn ’t focus it on herself ... - it 's wren !! stand there ! ! in the wood with lizzie !!! lizzie ( 0.c. ) now what do I do ? - wren look into the camera . wren just sacrifice something you love . - the video end . hallie stare at the dead black screen . horror on she face . +e hf * Tan Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 111 . wren ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... hallie jump , the unexpected voice spin she around . wren stand in the doorway , afraid to enter the room . tear stream down from the dark circle under she eye . hallie how could you do that ? wren it be before I know what would happen ... wren 's voice break , the tear fight against the word . hallie 's horror quickly turn to anger . hallie wren , she 's in the hospital !! wren I do not know , I swear . but I think I find a way - hallie step to wren . full of rage . about to hit she ... wren ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) I come over here because I find something that might stop this !! hallie stop herself . just barely . wren ( cont 'd ) see for yourself ! wren scramble to the computer . hallie just stare at she , unconvince . suspicious . wren ( cont 'd ) I go through my conversation with alley kat ... wren scroll to alley kat 's last entry . just random number . on the screen : '' 32.903852 , - 79.988029 '' wren ( cont 'd ) and then look ... she click on another feed . and another . and another . hallie watch wren frantically navigate the site . % +e hf * * Tan Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 112. hallie you have lose you mind . wren no !! it 's this number ... on the screen : we click through a series of conversation . people ask for help . '' how do you stop slender man !!? '' and the last entry of each feed ... '' % 32.903852 , - 79.988029 '' the anger slowly melt away as hallie see each new feed . wren ( cont 'd ) then I see this . on the screen : wren open a feed from Katie to alley kat . desperately , plead for help . and alley kat 's final entry ... %32.903852 , - 79.988029 '' wren look back at hallie . wren ( cont 'd ) so I searched it ... on the screen : wren search the random set of number in a web browser . a map pop up !! a spot in the middle of nowhere . wren ( cont 'd ) they be not random number . they be coordinate ... on the screen : wren zoom all the way in on the map . it zeroe in on a spot in the middle of nowhere . in the wood . - a tagged location appear on the map ... '' slender man 's mansion '' - it 's just a distorted array of pixel . tree cluster around what look like a structure . but it 's impossible to tell ... wren ( cont 'd ) we need to go there . hallie come on . someone hack in and put that there . it 's a joke ... wren what if it 's not ? what if there 's a way to save lizzie . to save all of we . maybe even Katie . we can take my mom 's car . % +e * hf Tan Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 113 . hallie you wanna go !? be you crazy !? wren what choice do we have !!? hallie just stare at the screen . we see something surface in she eye . a sliver of hope . int . car -- night the city light be leave behind as they speed down a empty highway . a darken landscape roll by as they descend into a sleepy rural area . wren glance at hallie . tread lightly . tension in air . hallie do not make eye contact . the anger be still there . ext . back road -- night headlights cut through the darkness . a red sedan make its way down the crumble country road . the car roll to a stop at a dead end . the engine die and the headlight disappear . all we hear be the silence of the forest . int . car -- night the girl focus on wren 's phone . a destination be mapped out on the screen . it straight ahead . past the dead end . ext . back road -- night the car door creak open . the girl step out and walk around to the front of the car . wren it 's through there ... they gaze drift to the darkness ahead as the wind swell in the tree . leave rustle on the sway branch . hallie okay ... they both flashlight they phone . but as soon as they spotlight the treeline ... they see a girl walking into the wood . Tan Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 114 . the girl hold for a moment . stand in bare foot and a long , white nightgown . but just as quickly , the girl slip into darkness . hard to tell , but it look like Katie ! hallie ( cont 'd ) be that ...? wren ( call out ) hey !! ext . forest -- night the two beam of light spot the way through the darkness . wren and hallie chase through the tree , branch snagging and grab at they clothes . they stop and aim they flashlight , but the girl be go . wren goddamnit . where be she ? then movement up ahead . the girl appear in the distance . wren ( cont 'd ) hey , wait ! wren 's voice echoe through the forest as they chase after she . they flashlight sweep through the darkness . wren ( cont 'd ) come back !! the light from they phone lead they to a dark path in the forest . the path widen towards something hide in darkness . a giant gnarle oak tree . hallie and wren walk towards the tree , search . as they move closer , something materialize under its branch . a huge , broken down mansion ! be it hide in darkness ? or do it appear out of thin air ? the tower structure blend into the forest around it . overgrown . abandon . and perch on a crumble pedestal of rock in front of it ... a large cast iron bell . wren and Katie slowly approach the decaye structure . a heavy blanket of silence surround they . Tan Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 115 . suddenly , they see the girl slip inside the front door . she beckon they to follow and disappear . it looked like katie ! wren and hallie call out , run after . they be right behind she , scramble up the step . int . mansion -- night the door creak open in the darkness . hallie and wren step inside , they phone lighting the way . wren Katie ... her voice bounce of the wall and fade away . no response . only the floorboard creak under the girl 's foot . then a tiny laugh shatter the silence . they spotlight the center of a large open room ... and the girl be stand there . facing away from US . hallie Katie ? be that you ? the girl slowly turn around . she look up at they , dark circle around she eye ... it’s katie !! the girl rush towards she . girl Katie !! the light from they phone splash off the wall , light bounce around the room . hallie be you okay ? but Katie do not speak . wren ( to Katie ) c'mon . let 's go ... wren grab Katie 's hand , but she violently pull away . Tan Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 116 . hallie Katie , what be you do ? c’mon ! still , she do not move . it 's like she do not even see they . and then katie speak ! katie we live here now ... Katie look to the ceiling high above they head . katie ( cont 'd ) with him ... here in the absence ... Katie look directly at they . katie ( cont 'd ) in the nothing ... and at that exact same moment , the girl 's phone die . the flashlight disappear and the room go dark . hallie Katie , please !! wren let 's go , goddamnit !! the girl grab Katie 's hand , but she will not move . it 's like she 's carve in stone . her body stiff and rigid . then a haunting SOUND fill there ear . a bell , echoes outside . it filter through the wall . the girl freeze . a shiver roll down they spine . suddenly , katie arch backward and a SOUND come out of her lung ! a rush of AIR burst from her mouth and her body lift off the floor !! levitating !! drifting upward !!! wren and hallie can not speak . they can not move , freeze as they watch Katie lift into the air . then thousand of tiny whisper filter out of the wall . the voice of lost child swirling and crying for help ! ! wren and hallie spin around , but there 's nobody there . only Katie hover in mid air , drift towards the ceiling . katie he’s here ... % 108 Tan Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 117 . as soon as she speak the word , dark tentacles crawl down the wall like black vein spider - webbing in all direction !! hallie and wren 's eye follow the tentacles up to ... a inky black torso melting out of the ceiling . hallie and wren stand freeze , entrance by the terrible figure . Long thin arm form . reaching towards Katie as she float upwards . her body warp and deform ... and she be absorbed by the figure dropping down from above !!! then a face evolve ... staring at they without eye . a blank empty void . wren start to bolt for the door , but hallie just stand there . wren grab she and spin she around . wren hallie !! run !!! ext . mansion -- night the front door slam open . hallie burst through the doorway . wren 's right behind she . as they race into the tree , hallie glance back ... Pov - a tall thin figure step out of the house , tentacles slithering around he . he blank face staring . then wren take off !! ext . forest -- continuous 108 hallie dodge tree and branch racing after she . hallie wren !! her foot carry she as fast as they can . then we hear something behind US !! hallie look back ... something be moving through the tree . a massive shape . snapping branch behind her . hallie dart through the underbrush . branch scraping across she body . scratch she arm and face . then out of nowhere , hallie charge into a clear . * Tan Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 118. hallie turn and see wren just as she emerge . they run to each other , distance themselves from the sound of branch break . tree snap . up ahead , the moonlight sketches a outline of the horizon . the girl see it through the tree . suddenly , the wind stop ! and the wood around they . the cricket stop chirping . the leave stop rustling . dead quiet ! the girl turn toward each other . then like a whisper ... a long , faint chime resonate , carrying out from somewhere deep in the darkened wood . Hair stand on end as the girl recognize the noise . next that deafening silence ... it 's as if the world be freeze in time ... the absence of sound explode in the girl 's ear . and then a deep , low tone . a unsettling , hollow ring . we hear the final bell !! the girl turn toward the SOUND and somehow they be right back at slender man 's mansion ! the giant gnarle and twisted oak tree tower overhead . arm branching out and wind around each other . a massive static shape . or be there movement ? be it get closer or be the tree change ? grow ? we see the terror on the girl face as they stare at what once look like a sprawling , twisted oak tree . but now really have change ... morphed into the tall , slender torso of a man with impossibly long arm extend towards we . the tree branch crack and SNAP like twig as more arm appear . the arm unfolding like petal of a black flower . hovering in the AIR around he like tentacles . slender man be right there !!! he arm reaching for they ! ! closer and closer !!! the girl kick into gear and take off . but now see ... * Tan Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 119 . slender man the same exact distance in front of they ! the girl look right . they see he there , too ! wren ( cont 'd ) this way ! they turn , race towards nothing . branch slashing at they body as they charge through . the girl look for cover . find it behind a tree . out of breath . lung burn . hallie do you see anything ? wren no ... hallie C ’mon , we gotta keep move ! hallie start to go . but wren stay put . hallie ( cont 'd ) wren ! let 's go ! wren turn to hallie -- wren you go , hallie ... a sudden calm 's come over she . wren ( cont 'd ) I can buy you time . hallie look at wren in disbelief . wren ( cont 'd ) I screw up . I never should have show lizzie . all of this have be my fault . then something move behind they ! wren ( cont 'd ) run hallie ! goddamnit !! run !!! slender man be right there ! wrapping he arm around wren ! enveloping her ! and hallie be next ! * Tan Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 120 . but somehow hallie wrestle free and charge deeper into the forest . scream at the top of she lung . too afraid to look back . running for she life . until ... smack ! she crash into a tree . or be it he ? no time to look . she 's back on she foot . running the gauntlet . it feel like a eternity . leg push to they limit ... smack ! she crash into another tree ... it 's slender man ! towering over her ! hallie try to get back on she foot . scream -- hallie what do you want !!? no response . just that high pitch sound ... hallie fall to the ground as a tendril enter frame , like some kind of grasp vine make of translucent flesh . the tendril play around hallie 's face before , finally , touch she cheek , like a caress . this close , hallie can recognize that slender man 's suit be not a suit . his tie be not a tie . the '' suit '' be mottle , fleshy . the tie be just a smear of reddish liquid . where he '' face '' should be be a roiling mass of some unknown substance . finally , a look of acceptance on hallie 's face . and then ... the world brighten all around we . shadows disappear as the sky fill with light . be it the first ray of light as the sun peek over the horizon ? or something else ? hallie gasp as a blinding light explode all around her !! it slowly dissipate and we see the large gnarled oak tree . but now it tower over a clear in the wood . a silent , empty void . a absence ... the mansion have vanished into nothing ... CUT to : Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 121. int . lizzie' bedroom - month later -- night lizzie sit at she computer . design a missing flyer with halliex picture on it . we can see lizzie have recover from she mental episode . but she 's definitely worse for wear . and then ... hallie ( 0.s. ) lizzie ... lizzie listen , not sure what she hear . she get up and cross to she door . open it . peer out . nobody there ... but , just as lizzie go to close she door ... hallie ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) lizzie ... lizzie turn . exit she room to investigate ... lizzie hallie ? int . hallie 's house - hallway -- continuous 111 lizzie move down the hall . still nobody there . hallie ( 0.s. ) lizzie ... she see the back door open . head that way ... ext . hallie 's house -- night 112 lizzie enter the backyard . look around . lizzie hallie ? but nobody be there . only the forest behind the house . a tear roll down lizzie 's cheek as she search the endless tree . no hallie . just tangle branch . we can not tell where one end and another begin ... and then we hear something . unmistakable ... a bell echoes in the forest . Blue Rev. ( 06/09/16 ) 122. and off lizzie 's scream we ... smash CUT to black . the end .