fade in : int . a mental hospital - day a few patient sit around fumble with themselves . one man sit at a table scratch back and forth on a piece of paper with a crayon . another stand in a corner smoking a cigarette and stare at the crayon guy . this be charle . another man , karl , sit in a chair stare at the floor and rub he hand together . we cut back and forth between Charles stare and crayon man scratch . after a moment , a attendant approach Charles . attendant you can not smoke in here . Charles stare at he blankly for a moment and continue smoking . he look back to crayon man again for a moment then look over at Karl and then go and sit down beside he . charle a mercury be a good car and that 's what I be drive that day . I have own a lot of car . different kind . lot of different kind of car . she be stand , this girl , on the side of the street where there be a chicken stand ; not the Colonel , mind you , but nevertheless a chicken stand , and I pull the mercury over and roll down the window by electric power . she be wear a leather skirt and she have a lot of hair on she arm . I like that . I like it a lot . it mean a big bush . I like a big bush . she say , " be you dating ? " I say , " yes , " and she get in the car . we pull to a remote location , one that she and I both feel comfortable with and she say , " how much can you spend ? " I say , " what it take to see you bush . I know it 's a big one . " she say " twenty five dollar , " which to a work man be not chicken feed . I produce the money and she put it in she shoe and pull up she skirt . there before I lay a thin , crooked , uncircumcise penis . you can imagine how badly I want my twenty - five dollar back . int . a hallway - day two young woman , marsha dwiggins , carry a briefcase , and theresa evan , carry two camera bag be be lead down the hallway by a guard . theresa I do not know why you be so weird out , this be not San quentin , it 's just a nuthouse . most of this people do not even know where they be , they be not gonna hurt you . marsha in a few minute we be gonna be in a room with a killer . that do not bother you ? theresa hey , you be the one that want to major in journalism . anyhow , be not the guy something like twelve or thirteen when he do it , it be twenty - five year ago , he probably do not even remember it . marsha ( wrinkling she nose ) do you smell shit ? theresa yeah . they reach a door and the guard usher they through . int . a office - day jerry woolridge stand up from behind the desk as they enter . he 's in he fifile and look like a school teacher , shop class or perhaps eighth - grade science . guard this be the people from that newspaper deal . woolridge oh yeah , from the college ? marsha yes sir . woolridge shake hand with they . woolridge my name 's Jerry woolridge . marsha Nice to meet you . I be Marsha dwiggin and this be theresa Evans . she 's here to take the picture . woolridge y'all have a seat . be this all of you ? marsha yes sir . woolridge I think there must have be a little mix up . I tell you sponsor or teacher or whatever he be , there could not be any picture . it 's s'pose to be just a little story or article or something , be not that right ? marsha well , yeah , it 's for the school newspaper . but it have picture . I mean it 's a regular paper , you know . woolridge Karl 's real sensitive about have he picture make . he would not even be on the bulletin board for the Easter collage . ( to guard ) melvin , would you get I a good hot cup with two sugar substitute ? you girl want some coffee ? marsha no thank you . woolridge the other thing be I tell you boss on the phone to send a man . Karl will not talk to woman . int . rec room - day close up on Karl 's face . Charles have start another monologue . charle there be a young man name John liggit Hunter who be in the fill station business and a good fill station business . he be one of that young man that we run across so often in life . I be sure you have run across they , that do not deserve the thing he have . one of that thing be he beautiful bride , Sarah . she be a Georgia Peach . as a matter of fact she look more like the picture I have have in my head than any woman I have ever see . I take it upon myself to take she away from John liggit Hunter , who do not deserve she . I be not sure if I mention that he be a frenchman who claim to be a englishman . it take some very strong nylon cord to take she away from he . she be a fighter as well as a Georgia Peach . int . woolridge's office the girl look confuse . woolridge I do not know what to tell you . I be sorry . I make myself pretty clear I think . he probably get busy and be not think . I know how that be . I use to teach shop and eighth grade science . marsha well , what do we do ? we drive all the way out here . theresa let 's just go , Marsha . marsha no , we have to get this story . theresa I think you would be happy to leave . marsha why will not he talk to woman ? woolridge he have problem . you know . with all that . he will not hardly talk to anybody really . just certain people . he 's very troubled . int . rec room charle ( lean in to Karl ) a shovel just make too goddamn much racket . int . woolridge's office woolridge ( take a drink of coffee ) I do not think he 's talk to a woman in twenty - five or so year . that I know of anyway . that 's why I say to send a man . at least maybe he would answer a question or two for a man . I be all for help the college out , believe I . it might be a real good article or story . marsha can not you talk to he ? maybe talk he into it . I be a real good interviewer . just get I in the room with he . woolridge ( to guard ) melvin , go get Karl and take he down to the old classroom . int . hallway - day woolridge and the two woman walk down the hallway . woolridge I will talk to he and see what we can do . int . classroom - day woolridge be open a door . he enter and the woman follow he in . he flip on a light switch and very bright florescent light illuminate the room . woolridge you see , Karl , grow up , only know that sex be wrong and that people who do it should be kill for it . he could not really read but , well , neither could he mother . but , he father make sure that he mother know what the Bible say . and she make sure Karl know . you know he sleep in a hole in the ground under a toolsh , right ? marsha I know he sleep in a toolsh . woolridge his mother tell he that he be they punishment . hers and he father 's ; from God , for have sex -- marsha before they be marry ? woolridge I do not think so . just period , I think . she tell he ... God give they the ugliest creation he could think of . Karl have a entire book -- a notebook . on every page it say " Franklin chapter 1 verse number 1 . " he write that a few year ago after he would learn to write . his father 's name be Franklin . marsha that 's really strange . what do it mean ? woolridge one of he daddy 's Bible lesson I imagine . y'all pull up a chair . I will go out and talk to he . int . rec room close up on Charles 's face . charle you have to make something explode to truly understand it . you have to examine the tiny particle while they be on fire . off screen we hear footstep approach . we pull back and see melvin the guard . melvin Karl , I gotta take you down to the old classroom . Mr. woolridge have some people for you to see down there . come on . let 's go . int . hallway - day melvin and Karl walk down the hallway . woolridge stand outside the door of the classroom . they reach he and woolridge talk quietly to Karl . woolridge Karl , you know , do you remember when I tell you about that people from that newspaper ? ( pause ) they want to ask you some question about you release . they think it would make a interesting story . will you talk to them ? get interview . ( pause ) now , they be woman . I think it might be good for you to . you be gonna be seein ' all kind of people when you go on the outside . this will help you I believe . int . classroom - day it 's just woolridge and the two woman in the room . woolridge well , it surprised the dicken out of I . he say he will talk to you . Marsha smile and look at theresa . woolridge ( cont 'd ) but , here 's the thing . he will only talk to you . he do not want you to ask he anything . and you should not stare at he . marsha how be I go to conduct a interview if I can not ask he any question ? woolridge it 's the best you be gonna get . I be sorry . marsha can I ask you a question ? if he 's so troubled , why be you let he out ? what if he do it again ? it happen all the time . woolridge he 's free . his time 's up . that 's the rule . he 's be treat and reevaluate . he do not show any sign any more . marsha Signs ? woolridge homicidal sign . oh , we be gonna change the light in here for Karl . I hope you can see to write . woolridge turn on a lamp on a desk and turn off the overhead light . he open the door and melvin bring Karl in . in the semidarkness woolridge push a chair up and motion for Marsha to sit . Karl stand beside melvin motionless . woolridge whisper to theresa . woolridge ( cont 'd ) you will have to step outside . theresa start to protest . woolridge ( cont 'd ) please . Karl sit down in a fold chair near a lamp as melvin usher theresa outside into the hallway . Karl sit stare at the floor . rubbing he palm together and breathe strangely , as usual . he sit silent for what seem like forever . int . hallway - day theresa stand on one side of the door , melvin on the other . theresa can I just sneak in there ? I will not take any picture , I promise . I just want to listen . melvin no mar 'am . I be sorry you can not . theresa take a cigarette from she purse and start to light it . melvin ( cont 'd ) you can not smoke in here . I be sorry . int . classroom - day Marsha be stare at Karl . Karl , still breathe and rub he palm , start to speak . his voice be low and raspy , but not just low and raspy ; strange . karl well , I reckon what you be a want to know be what I be do in here . I reckon the reason I be in here be ' cause I kill somebody . but I reckon what you be a want to know be how come I to kill somebody . well , I reckon I will start at the front and tell you . ( pause , heavy breathe ) I live most of my life out behind my mother and father 's house in a little old shed and my daddy would build for I . they do not too much want I up there in the house with the rest of them . I mostly just set around out there in the shed all the time a lookin ' at the ground . it do not have no floor but I have I a hole dig out to lay down in and a quilt or tow that I put down there . ( pause , more breathe ) my daddy be a hard workin ' man most of he life , not that I can say the same fer myself . I most just set around the shed and tinkere around with a lawn mower or two and go to school off and on from time to time but the child there make quite a bit of sport of I , make fun of I quite a bit . some of them rough I up sometimes so mostly I stay out back there in the shed . my daddy work down at the sawmill there , down there at the planer mill for a old man name dixon . Old man dixon be a very cruel feller , he do not treat he employee very well , do not pay them much of a wage , do not pay my daddy much of a wage , just barely enough to get by on . but I reckon he get by all right , they come out one or the other of them , usually my mother , and feed I pretty regular . at least I know he make enough for I to have mustard and biscuit three or four time a week . Old man dixon have a boy name jesse dixon . jesse be really more cruel than he daddy . he make quite a bit of sport of I and taken advantage of the little girl around the neighborhood quite a bit . ( pause ) he use to say my mother be a very pretty woman . he say it quite a bit from time to time , when I be at the school house . well , I reckon you want I to get on and tell you what happen so I reckon I will tell you . I be settin ' out in the shed one evenin ' not doin ' too much , just kindly starin ' at the wall and a waitin ' fer my mother to come out and give I my Bible lesson and I hear a commotion up in the house there so I get up and run up on the screen - in porch there to see what be a goin ' on , and I look in the kitchen window and I see my mother a layin ' there on the floor without any clothes on . ( pause , breathe ) and see jesse dixon a layin ' on top of she have he way with she . ( pause ) well , I just see red . I pick up a kaiser blade that be a layin ' there by the screen door , some folk call it a sling blade , I call it a kaiser blade . it 's just a long handle like a axe handle with a long blade on it that 's shape kind of like a banana . sharp on one edge and dull on the other . it 's what the highway boy use to cut down weed and whatnot . I go in the kitchen there and I hit jesse dixon up side the head with it and knock he off my mother . I reckon that do not quite satisfy I so I hit he again in the neck with the sharp edge and just plumb near cut he head off . kill he . well , my mother , she jump up from there and start yellin ' , " what do you kill jesse fer ? what do you kill jesse fer ? " ( pause , intense breathe ) well , come to find out my mother do not really mind what jesse be a doin ' to she . I reckon that make I madder than what jesse have make I . I taken the kaiser blade , some folk call it a sling blade , I call it a kaiser blade and hit my mother up side the head with it a ' kill she . ( long pause , breathe ) some folk have ask I if I have it to do over again would I do the same thing . I do not know , I reckon I would . anyhow , they see fit to put I in here and here I have be for a great long while . I have learn to read some ; take I four year to read the Bible . I reckon I understand a good deal of it . it be not what I expect in a lot of place . I have sleep in a good bed for a great long while . they have see fit to put I out now . they tell I they be a settin ' I free today . anyhow , I reckon that 's all you need to know . if you want any more detail I reckon I can tell them to you . I do not know if that 's enough for you newspaper or not . suddenly Marsha speak from the darkness . marsha will you ever kill anybody again , Karl ? this seem to startle the very room itself . woolridge motion for Marsha to shut up and Karl stop still . very still . he breathes hard for a moment then start to calm down . he seem almost at ease . he slowly look up . from Karl 's point of view we barely see Marsha 's face in the dim light . Karl be look straight at Marsha . karl ( slowly ) I do not reckon I get no reason to kill nobody . int . hallway - day woolridge stand just outside the classroom door with Marsha and theresa . Karl stand down the way a few foot with melvin . marsha be he leave right this minute ? woolridge we have get some paperwork to take care of . pretty soon . do not worry , you will not run into he in the parking lot . marsha I do not mean that . woolridge I hope the best for you , miss dwiggin , with you school and you paper and all . marsha where will he go ? woolridge wherever he want to . I think he 's go back to millsburg where he 's from . it 's just about twenty mile from here . marsha will he be supervise ? woolridge as much as anybody else be , I guess . y'all have a good rest of the day now . Marsha and theresa walk toward the exit . as they pass Karl he speak to Marsha . karl ( look down ) thank you . marsha ( immediately extend she hand ) thank you . Karl do not take she hand . Karl continue to stare at the floor until the woman exit . karl I reckon I be gonna have to get use to look at pretty people . woolridge yes , I guess you be . karl I reckon I be gonna have to get use to they lookin ' at I , too . woolridge you better go get you thing . karl I be not get nothing but they book . woolridge you better go get them . karl all right then . Karl walk slowly down the hallway . ext . bus station - millsburg - day Karl step off the bus carry a few book by a strap . he stand there for moment stare at the bus station as the few people around stare at he , then he start walk . a series of shot Karl stand in front of a barbershop look through the window at a man have he hair cut . in front of the police station . stare at a empty school yard ... ext . dairy queen - day Karl stand and stare at the building for a moment . he see a woman take a tray of food from the window . when she 's go , he walk up to the window . a pimply - face teenage boy come to wait on he . boy can I help you ? karl I be kindly wantin ' something ' or ' nother d'eat . boy well , what do you want ? karl you have any biscuit for sale ? boy naw , we do not have biscuit . Karl stand in silence for a moment . boy ( cont 'd ) do you decide , sir ? karl what you get that 's good to eat ? boy well , I guess it 's all good . karl what do you like to eat here ? boy french fries . I like to eat they pretty good . karl french - fry potater . boy yeah . karl how much you want fer them ? I will get some of they I reckon . boy sixty for small and seventy - five for large . karl give I the big'un . Karl dig in he pocket for money . ext . laundromat - day Karl sit on a bench eat french fries . after a moment , a twelve - or thirteen - year - old boy come out of the laundromat wrestle three or four big bag of laundry . he can not seem to get a plan together for carry they all . Karl get up and go over to he . the boy look up at Karl , a little startle by Karl 's strange figure loom over he . boy this dang thing be heavy . hard to carry , too . karl what you get in there , warsh ? boy yeah . karl ai not you get no mama and daddy to tend to it ? boy I get a mama , but she 's at work over at Ben 's dollar store . my daddy 's dead . ( pause ) he get hit by a train . karl how fer you go with they sack full of warsh ? boy about a half a mile I think it be . karl I will help you tote them if I do not give out first . boy okay . you do not have to though . Karl pick up two sack and they walk away . ext . STREET - day they walk in silence for a while before the boy finally speak . boy my name be Frank wheatley . what 's you name ? karl Karl 's my name . frank ( boy ) what 's you last name ? karl childer . frank what be all they book ? karl different one . one 's the Bible . one of 'em a book on Christmas . one of 'em how to be a carpenter . frank how come you be carryin' they around with you . karl ai not get nowhere to set them down . frank do not you live somewhere ? karl I do live there in the state hospital . frank why would you live there ? karl I kill some folk quite awhile back . they say I wad not right in the head and they put I in there in the nervous hospital instead of puttin ' I in jail . frank they let you out ? karl yeah . frank how come ? karl they tell I I be well . they have to turn I loose . frank be you well ? karl I reckon I feel all right . frank you do not seem like you would kill nobody . they reach a little white frame house and the boy turn up the sidewalk . frank ( cont 'd ) this be my house . you can just set that bag on the porch . Karl set the bag down and he and the boy stare at each other in silence for a moment . frank ( cont 'd ) do you like to play football ? karl I never be much count at it . I never do get pick out fer it . frank I and the burnett twin and some boy play down at the junior high practice field all the time . if you ever want to come by and play . we be not no good either . well , I will see you later . he go inside leave Karl stare at the front door . int . bus station - day Karl stand at the counter . a middle - age man be sell ticket . karl how do a feller go about gettin ' up to the state hospital ? man you buy a ticket for fourteen dollar and then set and wait for the four-fifteen bus to kelton . karl all right then . int . mental hospital - day Karl walk down the hallway carry he book . a couple staffer give he ' why be you still here ' look . he reach a door and go in . int . waiting room - day there be no one at the desk in the outer office , so Karl go into woolridge 's office . int . woolridge's office - day Karl find woolridge do paper work . woolridge look up startle . woolridge Karl , what in the world be you do here ? karl I want to come back and stay here . woolridge well , you can not do that . you be a free man . you have be let out to do as you please . karl I reckon I do not care nothin ' about bein ' a free man . I do not know how to go about it . woolridge well , you have to learn . it will take some time . do not you know anybody down there to help you out ? karl naw . woolridge you daddy 's still livin ' down there from what you tell I . ( pause ) I guess he would not help you any , would he ? I be not think . you do not know anybody ? karl naw . never do know too much of nobody . not to he 'p I out anyway . woolridge ( sigh ) listen , Karl , the truth be I do not know where they expect you to go or what they expect you to do . if it be up to I , I would let you stay here if that 's what you want . I be just doin ' my job . ( they sit in silence for a moment ) you follow I ? ( no answer ) listen , I know a old boy that run a fix - it shop deal down in millsburg . he use to go to church with I . you be good workin ' on small engine and thing . if I put my neck out for you with he , will you work at it if he will hire you ? karl I be pretty handy I reckon on lawn mower and whatnot . woolridge I know , I have see it myself . would you give that a try ? karl I reckon . woolridge I can not promise he will hire you . I will have to tell he about you history . karl I never be no good with history . woolridge no , I mean you past . about why you be in here . ( pause ) I will take you first thing in the mornin' . you have anyplace you can stay tonight at all ? I just can not let you stay here . it 's the rule . if something happen well , I would be liable . karl I reckon I can just walk around till the mornin' . or set and read I a book somewhere . they sit and stare at each other for a moment . int . woolridge den - night woolridge , he wife , he teenage son , bubba , and teenage daughter sit in various comfortable chair look extremely uncomfortable and stare at Karl , who be sit on the edge of a chair look at the floor . after a long creepy moment , Mom speak . mrs . woolridge Karl , would you like a muffin ? karl no thank ye . mrs . woolridge I understand Jerry be go to take you somewhere else tomorrow . karl I do not reckon I know nobody name Jerry . woolridge she 's talkin ' about I , Karl . that 's my first name . karl he 's a-carryin ' I to look fer work in millsburg where I be born . mrs . woolridge would you like some coffee ? karl coffee make I a might nervous when I drink it . daughter daddy , can I be excuse to go to bed ? woolridge sure , honey . you sleep with mama tonight . I will sleep with you brother and Karl can take you room . daughter why ? woolridge we have company . now you go on . int . bedroom - night it 's a all - american girl room . everything be pink . there be stuff animal everywhere and poster of pop idol . woolridge well , Karl , there 's plenty of blanket and thing there . bathroom 's right there in the hall . we will leave first thing tomorrow . Karl stand in the middle of the room hold he book . woolridge close the door . int . woolridge kitchen - night woolridge walk into the kitchen where Mom and Son sit at the table . mrs . woolridge Jerry , why do not you give he bubba 's room ? sister 's be kind of girly , be not it ? woolridge yeah , I think about that . no sense in move he now I guess . bubba daddy , do not you think one of we ought to stay up all night and kind of - guard or somethin' ? woolridge why , hell no , son . what 's wrong with you ? bubba well , he 's crazy . he 's a nut be not he ? mrs . woolridge ' be not ' he , bubba . do not say be not . int . woolridge den and hallway - morning woolridge , already dress , walk through the de and down the hallway . he knock on the bedroom door . woolridge Karl , you up ? karl ( o.s. ) yes sir . woolridge open the bedroom door and see Karl sit on the edge of the bed beside he book . the light be on , the bed still as it be the night before . woolridge do not you go to sleep at all , Karl ? you be sittin ' there like that all night ? karl yes sir . woolridge well , I guess we better hit the road . int . fixit shop - day woolridge 's car pull into the parking lot . he and Karl get out and walk toward the shop . int . fixit shop - day two man , bill cox , a large man in he forty , and scooter hodge , a really country - look guy in he thirty , look up from behind the counter as woolridge and Karl enter . woolridge go to the counter , Karl stand by the door look at the floor . bill hey Jerry , how it 's goin ' . good to see you . be a long time . woolridge good to see you , Bill . how 's everybody doin ' ? bill aw , pretty good . kid be drivin ' I crazy and phyliss be gonna put I in the poorhouse . can not complain other than that . would not do any good if I do . ( laugh ) do you know scooter , Jerry ? woolridge no , do not guess I do . ( he shake hand with scooter who sort of smile ) scooter , good to meet you . ( woolridge lean in and get confidential ) this be he , the one I talk to you about on the phone . now like I say , I will understand if you get nervous about it . I be not gonna lie to you now , he do get in that trouble but then he be real young . bill I remember it real well . cut they folk to piece . his mama one of them . scooter and that ol ' dixon boy . Hell , I always want to kill he myself . asshole 's what he be . I remember that ol ' boy ( point to Karl ) too . kind of retarded or something ' back in school . woolridge well , he seem pretty well - adjust this day . I do not think he would ever hurt anybody . bill do not look much like he could . you say he can fix a small engine like nobody 's bidness . woolridge he 's a regular whiz at it . that 's all he do when he be a kid . bill well , I be not scared of he workin ' here . you know I . I be a church goin ' man . forgivin ' man . when you time 's up the Lord 's gonna come git you . you sear of he , scooter ? scooter I do not guess . can he talk ? woolridge oh yeah . listen I really appreciate it . he need the job . I do not know what to do with he . he do not have anybody really . bill that old man of he still livin ' over there on Clark Street I believe . woolridge he will not have anything to do with he . now you say it 's all right for he to stay out here in the back ? bill Fine with I . if he steal anything , I will take it out of you pocket anyway . Bill slap woolridge on the shoulder and wheeze with laughter . woolridge he will not steal . I be tellin ' you he 's a pretty good ol ' boy . keeps to himself . bill well , I have get a roomful of work for he to do . can not get scooter to do any of it . woolridge Karl , come over here . I want you to meet you new boss . ( Karl obediently shuffles over ) this be Bill Cox , run this place . say you can work here and stay in the back . bill good to know you , Karl . karl thank ye . bill now it 's minimal wage and there be not nothin ' but a army cot and a toilet back there . Karl do not say anything . woolridge that will be fine . Karl , I will go to the car and get you book . woolridge exit . Bill and scooter just stare at Karl and Karl stare at the floor . bill they say you be a whiz on fixin ' lawn mower and thing . karl I have tinkere around on them a little bit . bill we order from dairy Queen at noontime usually . we can buy you lunch till you get on you foot a little . karl I like they french - fry potater . bill ( long pause ) yeah , I too . scooter they make a good double meat burger . int . shop workroom - night the place be cluttere with mower , edger , weed - eater , and other equipment , most of it in piece . a small cot be in a little clear in the corner by the bathroom . Karl be sweeping up oil with sawdust and a push broom while scooter put some tool away . Bill come to the door . bill all right then , I will see y'all later . Karl you do a good day 's work . they right about you . scooter , he 's gonna knock you out of a job if you be not careful . I will see you tomorrow . scooter wait up , I will leave with you and lock up . bill Karl , they 's a blanket up in under that cot and soap in the bathroom to clean up with . ( pause ) now there 's one more thing . the way we lock this door at night , you can not get out . you do not want to go anywhere , do you ? karl I do not reckon . bill if it work out and all , maybe we will get you a key so you can get out at night if you need to . see you later . they leave Karl stand in the midst of the lawn mower . he set the broom down and go and sit on the cot . after a moment , he get back up and start sweeping again . int . shop - day it 's lunch time and Bill , scooter , and Karl be sit in fold chair behind the counter eat from they dairy Queen to - go bag . Karl have french fries . bill scooter , do I tell about the two old boy pissin ' off the bridge ? scooter I can not remember . bill there be this two old boy hang they pecker off of a bridge to piss , one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas . Old boy from California say , " Boy this water 's cold . " Old boy from Arkansas say " yeah , and it 's deep too . " ( start wheeze ) get it ? that 's a goodun . scooter ( laugh ) yeah , that 's a goodun . I believe you do tell I that one before . I have hear that a bunch . Long time ago . bill well , yeah it 's a classic . you know , Karl , I get to thinkin ' about it last night and it 's just not Christian of I to not let you have a key . I mean you be in lockup so long , you do not need I keepin ' you lock up . you need to come and go as you please . here , take this key , it will get you in and out that back door . ( Karl take the key and keep eat french fries ) they french fries good ? karl yeah , they 's good all right . bill you get any money ? karl they give I fifty dollar when they turn I loose . I spend up some of it on ridin ' the bus and eatin ' french - fry potater . bill well , I be gonna pay you today for this comin ' week , so you will have some walkin ' around money . when you get off this evenin ' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin ' up supplies to have back there . some hard candy and some magazine . somethin ' to keep you busy at night . karl all right then . bill I will let you off while it 's still daylight . ext . STREET - day Karl be walk down a residential street . he stop in front of the house where the boy , Frank , life and stare at the house for a moment , then he walk up to the door and stare at it . a curtain move and the boy 's face appear at the window . he come and open the door . frank hey there . I think I hear somebody on the porch . be not you name Karl ? karl yeah it be . you name 's Frank . frank yeah . what you doin ' by here ? karl you tell I to come by . frank do you want to play ball with we ? karl I be not no good at it . I just come by . frank well , anyhow , I be just fixin ' to go see my mama down at Ben 's dollar store . she 's workin ' two till eight . karl all right then . he start to walk away . frank wait a minute . you want to go with I ? you can meet my mama . karl I do not want to worry you mama with company . frank aw , come on . you will like she . she 's real nice . she will give we something ' if we ask she to . candy or somethin' . karl I be kindly needin ' to do some tradin ' . reckon they sell toothpaste ? frank they sell some of everything . come on let 's go . I will not tell she about you bein ' in the state hospital for killin ' . int . ben' dollar store - day Frank and Karl make they way through the fairly crowded store . it 's sort of a mini-version of a Walmart . they find Frank 's mother in she red smock talk to a guy in a red Ben 's knit shirt . they be laugh together and pricing some mouthwash . linda wheatley be a short , plain woman in she thirty . the man , vaughan cunningham , be in he forty , with a neat flattop hair cut , glass , and a paunch hang over he belt . they eye Karl suspiciously , as the boy approach . frank hey , mama . hey , vaughan . linda hey , sweetheart . what you up to ? vaughan let I guess . you want a bunch of candy and a pop . frank yeah . vaughan you be gonna rot you tooth that way . but I bet I know what you would like even better . I put pot meat on special , four can for a dollar and they be not move very well . I would sure let a few can go for free to the right boy . frank I do not like pot meat . daddy use to say it be make out of lip and pecker and intestint . linda Frank , do not talk that way . who 's that strange lookin ' man behind you ? do he follow you in here ? vaughan can I help you , sir ? frank oh , that 's Karl . I meet he at the laundrymat . Karl , this be my mama . and vaughan , vaughan 's the manager . he let mama off any time she feel like it ' cause they be best friend . linda Nice to meet you , Karl . karl ( keep he distance ) please to know y'all . there 's a uncomfortable silence . linda Frank come back here with I for a minute . she shuffles he away and leave vaughan stare at Karl . vaughan I do not think I have ever see you before . karl naw , I do not believe you have . I do not reckon I never be in here . this store do not use to be here . vaughan it 's be here seventeen year . do you live here before or something ? karl I 's horn and raise here up till I 's twelve year old . vaughan what bring you back ? karl what 's that you say ? vaughan why be you here now ? karl they turn I loose from the state hospital . vaughan be that right ? ( pause ) be you go to be stay here long ? karl I reckon Mr. woolridge get I hire on to work for Bill Cox 's outfit . vaughan do you have family here ? karl not really to speak of . Linda and Frank return from the back . frank hey Karl , guess what . mama say you can stay with we . out in the garage . we car will not fit in there anyway . it 's real neat . linda Frank tell I about you situation . and Frank love company . you know , especially after he daddy pass and all . there be not no sense in you stayin ' in that old greasy shop . ( to vaughan , hushed ) he 's mentally retarded , poor thing . vaughan ( hushed ) he just get out of the state hospital . linda ( put out ) I know . frank can we get some candy and pop ? vaughan sure , go ahead . they walk off down the aisle leave vaughan a little puzzle . vaughan ( cont 'd ) be you sure it 's safe to let he around that guy ? linda Frank 's just crazy about he . he like the way he talk . he help he carry home the clean laundry . vaughan he 's be in the state hospital a long time , something must be wrong with he . linda he 's retarded 's all . you know he 's always after a father figure and Lord know doyle be not a good one with he mean ass . vaughan what about I ? linda I do not think he see you as a guy guy . vaughan ( wrinkle he brow ) Karl be a guy guy ? ext . wooded area - late afternoon Karl and Frank sit on stump in a little clear enjoy the spoil of they Ben 's dollar store visit . frank this be what I call my secret place ' cause I come out here when I feel like bein ' by myself . I use to come here with Karen Cross . she 's kind of like my girlfriend , or use to be . she say she like Jerry maroney now . but I be gonna get she back ' cause I love she . we use to come here and hold hand and talk and read book to each other with a flashlight . she do not want to have anything to do with I in front of other people ' cause I do not have any money . well , mama and I , I mean . she seem to like I a whole lot when we be out here though . she say she love I , too . out here . settin ' right on that stump you be on . see , she daddy 's a dentist so they be rich . so 's Jerry maroney 's daddy . he own the ice plant . be you folk well off ? karl naw . do not have too much . enough to scrape by on , I reckon . frank they still around , you folk ? karl my mother 's dead . my daddy 's s'pose to be around still . he do not want to have nothin ' to do with I though . frank how do you know ? karl he never do want to . I figure he be not change he mind much . frank how do you mama die ? karl ( long pause ) you do not need to know all of that . you be just a boy . you need to think about good thought while you be still a boy . they will be plenty of time for the other . frank I have have a lot of bad thought since my daddy die . sometimes I wish I be still real little and he be still here . my mama 's real good , but I wish I have both of them . ( pause ) when we go to Memphis one time in the car , it be rainin ' so hard we could not see the road . but I wad not scared because I think as long as daddy be drivin ' nothin ' could happen to we . I feel that way about mama now . ( he look at the ground for a moment ) mama have a boyfriend now . his name be doyle hargraves . he work construction so he make a pretty good livin ' . he still do not help mama out with any money though . he be not no good . he 's mean to she . he do not like I at all . mama say it 's because he 's jealous I belong to my daddy instead of he . he stay with we all night sometimes , but he 's get he own house . somebody tell I it 's so he can still have other girlfriend . I like it on the night when he be not at we house . I be not so nervous then . karl how come she to keep bein ' girlfriend and all with he if he 's mean to she ? frank she say it 's for the time when he 's good to she . she 's lonely since daddy die . she say sometimes she do not know why . ( pause ) he threaten to kill she if she ever leave he . my daddy would kill he if he be here and somebody be mean to mama . vaughan , he 's real good to mama . vaughan that you meet . but he 's not able to do anything to doyle , he 's funny you know . not funny ha , ha , funny queer . he like to go with man instead of woman . that make he not to be able to fight too good . he sure be nice though . he 's from St. Louis . people who be queer can get along better in a big town . he get transfer here to work . but mama say the real reason he leave be ' cause he daddy hate he . for bein ' the way he be . I wish he like to go with woman . I would rather he be mama 's boyfriend than doyle . pause as Frank look at the ground again . he seem troubled . frank ( cont 'd ) karl. ( pause ) you know when I say daddy get hit by a train . karl yeah , I remember you a- tellin ' I that . frank it be not the truth . he shot hisself with a shotgun on purpose . karl why do he do that , reckon . frank ' Cause he do not have enough money to take care of we the way he want to . that 's what the letter say . he get laid off from work and have to just work odd job . I think he take care of we fine . ( pause ) Karl , do you really kill somebody ? karl yeah , I do . frank who do you kill ? karl two people . frank be they bad people ? karl I think they be . frank maybe they need it . karl I grow up and get teach it be not right to kill nobody . frank it 's okay if you be lookin ' out for yourself . if it 's self - defense . be it self - defense ? Karl shift around and make a noise in he throat and do not answer . frank ( cont 'd ) my daddy be good . I think too many good people die . it be not right . that 's what I think . int . shop - day Karl be tie the strap around he book . his sack of toiletry be on the bed . Bill Cox come in . bill now , Karl , you sure you want to go stay with this folk ? you be welcome to keep on stayin here . it 's workin ' out real good . karl that boy want I to . bill all right then . I will see you bright and early . how you comin ' along on that garden tiller ? karl I fix it . hit 's a workin ' pretty good . bill you do fix it ? I will be damned . scooter tell I it could not be fix . ' course scooter 's about as shitless as one poor son-of - a-bitch can be . you do fix it . I will just be damned . see you tomorrow . int . wheatley live room - night doyle be in the comfortable easy chair with adjuster handle drink beer . he 's in he late thirty and dress in he construction clothes . Linda sit on the arm of the chair and Frank stand before they . doyle well , honey , I do not guess I give a shit . I be not here half the time anyway . if you want a retard livin ' in the garage , I do not guess I care . I have get a good tool box and socket set out there I do not want stol would . I guess I could take it home with I . frank he 's real honest . he would not steal nothin ' . doyle now son , I wad not talkin ' to you , be I ? ( pause ) be I ? frank no sir . doyle no sir 's right . I be talkin ' to you mama . this be you mama 's decision , not yours . I be lettin ' it go on because she ask I , not you . ( to Linda ) now be this the kind of retard that drool and rub shit in he hair and all that , ' cause I have trouble eatin ' around that kind of thing . just like I be about antique furniture and midget . I can not so much as drink a glass of water around a midget or a piece of antique furniture . same thing with a droolin ' retard . linda doyle , you be awful . you should not be that way . doyle I be not sayin ' it 's right . I be just tellin' the truth . what be he in the nuthouse for ? linda he 's just mentally retarded , I guess . doyle he have of go nut and do somethin' . they do not put you in there for just bein ' a retard . they 's retard all over the place that be not in the nuthouse . do you know , Frank ? frank I be not sure . doyle you might want to find out . he might of hack he family to piece with a hatchet or something ' . linda yeah , that 's right , Frank , you better ask he . I mean , do not hurt he feelin' or anything , but it would be good to know . I be sure it 's nothin' . he seem real sweet . doyle you sure be hang up on people bein ' sweet . ( take a long pull on he beer ) speakin ' of which , where 's you girlfriend ? I think he be comin ' by here for something . linda he will be here in a little while , he 's takin ' I to get a ice cream . doyle ai not that the sweetest thing . what be I suppose to do about supper with you traipsin ' around with that fag ? linda you be not crippled . get in there and make somethin' . doyle Boy , be not you something ' else . talkin ' back and everything . it kinda make I horny when you talk back . linda Frank , why do not you go off and play in you room if doyle 's gonna talk nasty . frank I want to watch t.v. doyle yeah , honey , let the kid watch t.v. Hell , let 's all watch t.v. like a family till you retarded friend and you homosexual friend get here . ext . porch - night Karl be stand on the porch with he bag and he book stare at the door . after a moment , we hear a car door slam and footstep on the porch . then we hear vaughan 's voice . vaughan Karl ? Karl turn to face vaughan . karl yes sir . vaughan so , you be really go to stay here ? karl that boy want I to . vaughan do you knock on the door yet ? karl naw , I be not . vaughan how long have you be stand here ? karl quite a spell , I reckon . vaughan listen , before you get very use to stay here , I think you and I need to talk about a few thing . can I take you to lunch ? karl I do et just a little bit ago . vaughan I mean tomorrow or the next day . karl I reckon I can stand to eat a little something ' or ' nother at noontime tomorrow . Bill Cox generally get I a box of french fry potater . but I reckon he can lay off doin ' it tomorrow . vaughan okay , I will come by Mr. Cox 's and get you at noon . they stand therefor a moment . vaughan do not really know exactly what else to do , so he knock on the door . after a moment , Frank answer the door . frank hey . y'all come on in . int . live room - night vaughan usher Karl in and they stand behind the sofa . doyle look up and grin . linda hey , vaughan . how be you , Karl ? karl tolerable , I reckon . linda ( in a hurry to get out ) Karl , this be my boyfriend , doyle . Frank , why do not you and Karl go out in the garage and fix he up a place or play a game or somethin' . vaughan , you ready to go ? vaughan sure , I guess . doyle do not rush ever 'body , honey . she start to get she thing together . linda ( to Frank ) maybe you and Karl want to go with we ? frank naw , I do not want to . I and Karl get thing we need to do . doyle hey , vaughan , you know what I hear ? I hear you be puttin ' it to Albert seller that work over at the funeral home . vaughan I know Albert . we be friend . doyle I hear you be more than friend . I hear Dick Rivers catch y'all all bow up and goin ' at it in the same room with poor , little , old mizz ogletree and she dead as a doornail lay out on a gurney . vaughan that 's ridiculous . that 's just a total lie . linda let 's go , vaughan . ( they start for the door ) Frank , we will be back in a little while . I will bring you back somethin' . you be food 's in the oven warmin ' over . doyle see , you make he somethin' . hey vaughan , I be just goin ' on with you , jokin ' around , buddy . vaughan ( smile a little ) yeah , I know that . you be a card all right . Linda kiss Frank on the forehead and they leave . doyle so , Karl , come have a seat , talk to I . Karl sit on the couch . frank come on , Karl , let 's go out to the garage . doyle goddamnit , I be talkin ' to the man . you set right there , Karl . Frank lean on the sofa arm beside Karl . doyle ( cont 'd ) what 's in you bag ? karl this and that . toothpaste and whatnot . doyle what 's all they book ? karl different one . the Bible 's one of them . doyle you believe in the Bible ? karl a good deal of it , I reckon . can not understand all of it . doyle well , I can not understand none of it . this one begat this one and that one begat this one and begat and begat and begat and lo somebody sayeth some shit or another . just how retarded be you ? frank stop it , doyle ! doyle you be quiet , Frank , we be talkin' . the adult be talkin' . be you in the lockup for cuttin ' somebody up with a hatchet ? karl I be not never use no hatchet that I remember . doyle you be just crazy in a retarded kind of way then . ( pause ) it would not matter to I if you do do violence on somebody ' cause I be not afraid of shit . you think I be afraid for you to stay here . you be just a humped over retard it look like to I . not really , I be just jokin ' with you . welcome to we humble home , buddy . Frank need all the friend he can get . Frank 's a real weak little kid . his daddy teach he how to be a pussy . frank stop it , doyle ! do not talk about daddy , you hear I ! doyle ( mock ) do not talk about daddy . y'all go on to the garage and let I be . Frank be cry now . frank come on , Karl . they get up and walk away . doyle ( yell to Frank ) do not tell you mama we have a little spat . she do not need to be worried with you ass . int . garage - night Karl sit on a old sofa and Frank sit on a upside down paint bucket , still upset . frank I would like to kill that son of a bitch . I hate he . karl you ort not to talk that way . you be just a boy . frank well , I hate he . karl he ort not to talk that away to you neither . he be not no count . he 's mean to you and you mama . ( pause ) yore mama and that feller that 's carryin ' I to get something ' d'eat 's gonna be back here directly . frank will you stay here with we for a long time ? karl I reckon if you want I to . ( pause ) I get some of that pot meat and sodie cracker leave over if you want some . frank I do not see how you can eat that stuff with all that inside it 's make out of . karl I reckon it taste pretty good to I . frank I like the way you talk . karl I like the way you talk . Karl start to put together a cracker and pot meat delight as we : dissolve to : int . hamburger establishment - day vaughan be carry a tray of food as Karl follow he to a table and they sit and immediately start to eat . after a few bite , vaughan start to speak in a official manner . vaughan okay , Karl , the reason I bring you here be to talk to you about something that be on my mind . ( pause for a response , instead Karl eat french fries and stare at the table ) I guess I will put it right out on the table . where do I start . Linda and Frank be very important to I . they be like family . my own family be never like family . they be horrible people . as a matter of fact I pray every night for year that my father would die . I finally realize through a lot of therapy that I be waste my energy on hat he . now I just do not care . ( pause ) you see , you and I be a lot alike , strange as that may seem . I mean not physically or even mentally really , just well , maybe emotionally or actually the hand we have be deal in life . we be different . people see we as be different anyway . you be -- well you have you affliction or whatever and I , well mine 's not as easy to see . I be just go to say it . I be gay . ( watt ) do that surprise you ? ( watt ) that I be gay . you know what be gay be , do not you ? karl I reckon not . vaughan homosexual . I like man . sexually . karl not funny , ha , ha , funny queer . vaughan well that 's a very offensive way to put it . you should not say that . you be teach that , be not you ? karl I have hear it say that way . vaughan anyway , it 's hard to live gay , that 's the right way to say it , in a small town like this . I have want to leave many time , but my love for Linda and Frank and another certain person that we will not go into have keep I from it . anyway , I be rambling . if you be go to live in the wheatly garage you need to know that it will not be easy . doyle be a monster . not just a close minded redneck , but a monster . a dangerous person . I have tell Linda that one day that man be go to really hurt she or that boy . maybe even kill one of they . I see it in he eye . I be very in tune , maybe even psychic . doyle will make you life hell . you be a perfect target . when I first see you I be afraid of you . not really afraid , I guess , just take aback . but also , I feel a real sensitive feel from you . and for some reason , Frank have adopt you . much like a stray animal . I be sorry , I do not mean it like that . in a good way . anyway , I just want you to know what you be in for . I have a good feel about you . you be good for Frank . maybe it 's that he can have a adult friend on a child 's level . I be sorry , I do not mean it in a bad way . ( pause ) there 's one more thing . it 's none of my business why you be in the state hospital . everyone have something in they past , maybe you try suicide , maybe you do something -- terrible . but what I see before I be a gentle , simple man . all I want you to promise I be that you be capable of be around Linda and Frank . you know . you would never hurt they under any circumstance , would you ? karl I would not never hurt they . vaughan that 's what I think . I hope I have not offended you in any way . you seem like a thinker . you seem to always be in deep think . tell I something . what be you think right now ? Karl look up and stare for a moment . karl I be thinkin ' I could use I another helpin ' of this potater . vaughan oh . how about before that ? karl before that I be thinkin ' it would be good if I could get another three or four can of that pot meat if you get any extry . int . wheatley kitchen - night Linda , Frank , and doyle be eat . linda how come Karl will not eat here with we ? frank I do not know . he just say he would eat out there . doyle well , I would not let it get to you . linda I just feel sorry for the poor thing . doyle who could eat with he settin ' there makin ' that goddamn racket with he throat . linda he do make some funny noise . frank I sure like the way he talk . it sound like a race car motor idlin ' . it make I not be nervous . linda I be glad of it , honey . doyle what have you get to be nervous about ? you be a damn kid . you be not get any bill to pay or bidness to run or old lady to stay on you ass all the time . frank I get nervous , that 's all I know . they eat in silence for a while . Linda and Frank know where this conversation could lead and know when to leave well enough alone . doyle you know what , by God ? linda what ? doyle you know what we ought to do tonight ? linda please doyle , do not . doyle have a damn party ! call Morris and they and get the band together and just party we ass off . I would like to show that fuckin ' Karl to the guy . they would get a kick out of that . do not you know they would . linda please do not . not tonight . I be not up for it . they always stay till mornin' . I be just give out , doyle . doyle you do not have to do anything but pour some potato chip in a bowl and bring beer out when we get low . frank last time you get mad and run Morris and they off and say to stay away from here . doyle that be not none of you damn bidness . besides that 's the way friend do one another . fuck it , I be gonna go call them . honey , find my guitar , I think it 's out there in the garage with that loony tune . int . garage - night Karl sit on he cot eat from the plate Frank bring he . Frank and Linda come through the door . Frank come and sit beside Karl . Linda get a guitar case down from a shelf and come over and stand in front of Karl . linda Karl , now listen , there 's gonna be a party tonight here at the house . doyle 's invite he music-playin ' buddy over to make a bunch of racket out on the patio . frank they be not even no good . the only one can play be Randy horsefeather . he claim he 's a indian . his real name 's Randy Collins and he work at the feed mill . he can at least play guitar . linda he 's no more a indian than I be though . anyhow , doyle 's gonna try and tease you and be mean to you to show off to he friend . just like he do to Frank and I sometimes . you just ignore it . or stay out here away from them if he will let you . he 's a okay guy till he get drunk but tonight he will get drunk . I guarantee it . frank he be not ever okay to I . the garage door open and doyle appear . he seem really happy . doyle well , it 's on ! we be gonna rock . Linda , call vaughan . tell he to get over here . I would like he to be here . I owe he a good time . linda no doyle . vaughan do not want to come to a party with you . doyle too late , honey . fool you . done call he . he will be here . ( grin ) or I will go get he . come on Karl , I need you to help I ice down a tub of beer , you and Frank . int . backyard - night White Christmas tree light be strung above the patio . Karl sit to the side in a kitchen chair stare at the ground alongside vaughan , Frank , and Linda . the " band " be set up on the patio . the band consist of morris , a heavyset guy in a military uniform on tambourine , terence , a skinny guy in a wheelchair on bass , randy , a long haire young guy who 's not a indian on guitar , doyle on a guitar which he can not play and monty " the Johnson " Johnson , a large guy with a ZZ top beard on drum . a tub of beer be in front of they . they be all hoot and holler and drink . they have obviously be at it for a while . doyle step forward to address the ' crowd . ' doyle okay lady and gentleman ( point to vaughan ) or both . it 's come to the time in we show when we like to introduce the band . over here on lead guitar Mr. Randy horsefeather . come on hit a hot lick , Randy . ( Randy play a lick ) well , come on , y'all be suppose to clap now . come on ! ( they clap a little except for Karl ) angle on linda linda Karl , you better clap you hand or he will just keep on . Karl clap he hand a little . doyle on the bass , give it up for terence " one Ball " Atkins . ( more half - ass clap ) on the tambourine and lyric Morris hobb the fuckin ' genius of the group . ( clap ) on drum " the Johnson . " ( clap ) and last and most importantly , doyle hargraves on rhythm guitar and business affair and the only motherfucker with a truck big enough to haul this outfit on the next world fuckin ' tour . come on , a big hand for this guy . they be workin ' they ass off here . ( pause for a slug of beer ) okay I would like to dedicate this next one to some very special people in we audience tonight . to my lovely female companion Linda , she lovely son Frank , we new boarder Karl - what 's you last name Karl ? karl childer . doyle Karl childer just in from the state facility . make one of they gruntin ' sound Karl or whatever it be you do . ( nothing ) oh well , Karl 's a little retarded , he do not know what the hell I be talkin ' about . and to vaughan who fuck a mortician in the rear entrance right in front of he client . now that take ball . we number one tune for the folk , boy . kick it off Johnson ! they play " walk do not run " while the audience of four sit in motionless silence . they finish the song and hoot and holler and drink some more and say nasty thing to each other . doyle ( cont 'd ) you like that vaughan ? vaughan sure . it sound like a number one tune all right . doyle you enjoy yourself , Karl ? karl I reckon . we hear the voice of a old man neighbor in the near distance . voice ( o.s. ) I wish you all would lay off for tonight . I can not hear myself think for that racket . it 's nighttime , now let folk be ! I will call the law ! doyle ( holler back ) I tell you already three time , the law on my side . I play card with j.d. shelnutt , chief ' of police . get fuck you old bastard ! ( to the party ) okay now , Linda , you and the kid clean up and get a tarpaulin over this instrument . I and the boy be goin ' to the county line . we be out of liquor and beer . come on Karl , you and vaughan be goin ' with we . vaughan I would better go on home now , it 's late . I have to work tomorrow . doyle come on , do not be a pussy . everybody have to work . linda he do not want to doyle . do not go vaughan if you do not want to . you will wreck doyle , you be drunk . doyle ( very sincere ) but honey , I will be good . I promise . I love you sweetie . I be just tryin ' to help this two be part of thing . int . doyle's truck - night doyle be drive , vaughan in the middle , and Karl by the window . doyle crank up the truck and pop in a cassette tape . the first few note of " ghost rider in the Sky " play . vaughan be you sure you can drive ? you have really have a lot of alcohol . doyle shhhh ! this be the national anthem . they take off , tire scream on the pavement as the song go louder . ext . STREET - night the truck fishtail into the night and we see the rest of the " band " in the back of the truck try to control terence 's wheelchair as it roll back and forth . int . truck - night doyle ( point to tape player ) not that you afflict son of bitch would know anything about it , but this be art . they be stop by a red traffic light . a police car pull up beside they and doyle look over at the red - face cop on the passenger side and turn down the music . doyle ( cont 'd ) hey freddy , what 's goin ' on boy . I see you pitcher in the paper for catchin ' that big -ass bass . freddy yeah she be a big 'un . you be not drunk drivin ' be you doyle ? doyle yeah . freddy I figure that . well you better be careful with that cripple in the back . you will throw he out . look like you get a wagonful . doyle we run outta something ' to drink . goin ' to the county line . you want to race ? freddy ( laugh ) you know better than that . we be on duty . catch I in that camaro next week one night . doyle catch you later freddy ! doyle peel out and the music blare again . doyle ( cont 'd ) I bet you like sittin ' between two man in a dual wheel truck do not you ? vaughan oh , yeah , I be thrilled . doyle sarcastic right ? ( pause ) you know the boy in the band be probably gonna stay over tonight . we would be glad to have you . int . live room - night doyle slouches in he chair drink whiskey from the bottle . terence and Morris be sit face Karl and vaughan who be on the sofa . Randy and the Johnson be sit across the room in straight - back chair drink beer . they really stock up at the county line and beer and liquor bottle be strewn everywhere . Morris be in the middle of a monologue , which have obviously be go on for awhile . morris anyhow I be not sure if you follow I on that particular point , but it 's not really important in the smaller picture , which be where most people dwell anyway . not that be manager of Ben 's dollar store be insignificant . or that make it through year of incarceration in a state support facility be any small feat . the johnson Morris , he 's the only one in the band that go to college . randy I be in junior college right now over in Westfield . the johnson that be not no college , that 's trade school . Auto repair be not ever make a genius out of nobody . morris holiday be for camper . randy what do you know about bein ' a genius , Johnson . you can not even hardly keep a steady beat on that high - price drum set . terence I think y'all play really tight together , Randy . y'all should not throw off on one another . morris anything that have to be discuss can not mean anything . doyle you get that shit right . vaughan what exactly do you mean by that ? I do not understand . morris exactly the point , my young levelhead friend . vaughan I do not get it . morris I rest my case . terence Morris be real smart with philosophy and thing . that 's why he and I be the songwrite team of we group . I make up good tune or melody as we call they and Morris be the lyric . morris not unlike Gary brooker of the protocol harum . randy we do not ever play any song that y'all write . I never even hear one of them . y'all just talk . the johnson we do not even play any song with word at all that I remember . we be not get no fuckin ' microphone . or speaker set up . terence we write one last night standin ' outside mini-mart . Morris call it " Stuart drive a comfortable car . " then , you know , like on country song in parenthesis it say " there be usually someone in the trunk . " I come up with a tune just hum . doyle see vaughan , you should not question a genius . Morris be a modern day poet like in the old day . morris we latest composition be as follow : entitle : " the thrill " -- " I stand on the hill not for a thrill but for a breath of a fresh kill never mind the man who contemplate do away with license plate he stand alone anyway baking the cookie of discontent by the heat of a laundrymat vent leave he soul " ( then like in poetry I have dot dot dot then drop down to the next line kind of off center . ) " leave he soul parting water under the medulla oblongata of ( then dot dot dot again ) mankind . " silence for a moment as everyone in the room just stare at something other than Morris . terence I do not think that 's right . I believe dot dot dot come between medulla and oblongata or something like that . ( Morris stare at he ) well it do . it wad not before mankind , I know that much . morris the dot be where I say they be . melody and tune . that 's you trade . you be a tunesmith terence . vaughan I do not really understand the meaning of the word . doyle if y'all do not shut up I be gonna go out of my mind . and plus you be liable to bust a spring in Karl 's head . he 's already off balance . terence that wad not the way you make it up before , Morris . that 's all I know . randy we do not need fancy word , we need to practice . we do not ever rehearse . the johnson we need some payin ' gig instead of just messin ' around on first one patio and then another and . randy Morris , you should just be the manager , you can not play nothin ' anyway . doyle jump up and throw he whiskey bottle through the window . he have change from groggy drunk to a wild - eye madman in a flash . doyle we do not have a goddamn band ! y'all just shut the fuck up ! we do not need no practicin ' or manager cause we be not no fuckin ' band ! Morris be not no genius and the rest of you be just loser . be I the only one sane human bein ' around here ? just get the hell out of my house and do not come back ! vaughan it 's not you house , doyle , it 's Linda 's . doyle I will kill you , you fuckin ' faggot ! you mind you own business . now get out ! now , before I get too mad to turn back . terence what about we instrument ? doyle grab the handle of terence 's wheelchair and push he right out the screen door . we hear the chair clatter down the step and a cry of pain from terence . doyle now ! they all file out the door except vaughan and Karl who sit freeze on the sofa . the johnson ( turn back ) you be not right doyle . somethin 's wrong with you . nobody need you shit . morris ( stop at the door ) the dot just look good on paper . you do not sing them anyway . you be show you true Aries color now . doyle get out of my goddamn face , you fuckin ' buzzard ! he slam the door and turn to see vaughan and Karl on the sofa and Linda and Frank , in they nightclothes , stand in the doorway . doyle ( cont 'd ) I think I tell everybody to get out of my house . that include cocksucker and retard . get off you ass and go . linda this be not you house , doyle . this be my house and I will say who stay and go . you have get a house , why do not you go get one of you girlfriend and go home to it . doyle you know better than to talk like that when I be hurtin' . do not make I knock the piss out of you . vaughan doyle , do not you lay one hand on she . doyle that 's funny . ( to Linda ) you go to bed and take snot nose with you . Linda walk up to he with Frank close behind . vaughan get up also . Karl stare at the floor rub he hand together . linda you be not stayin ' here tonight . go get sober before you come back . I be tired of my child seein ' this . now you get yourself straight or I will lock you ass out of my life for good . doyle you know what I tell you , you even think of leavin ' I , I will kill you dead as a doornail . linda that might be better than this . vaughan I be a witness . I hear you threaten she life . doyle I think I tell you to keep out ! linda leave . doyle do not tell I what to do . linda leave . doyle do not tell I what to do . linda leave . doyle do not tell I what to do . linda leave . doyle ( a inch from she face ) do not tell I what to do . she shove he in the chest and he slap she hard in the face . vaughan start look for a weapon and Frank go wild . he start throw anything he can find at doyle . empty can , bottle , a lampstand . he connect with a encyclopedia to the head . doyle go to the door . his face have change from angry to sad , almost pitiful . doyle ( cont 'd ) okay , I will leave and sober up . everything 's botherin ' I , that 's all . I be hurtin' Linda . I love you . frank I hate you ! doyle well , I hate you , too . no I do not . I love you mama . nobody understand what I go through . I will leave . you bunch of freak have fun . I will call you tomorrow honey . I be sorry . you can kiss my ass , really . ( to Frank ) you ever hit I again you little bastard and I will make you sorry you daddy ever squirt you little ass out . he leave and slam the door . Frank go to Linda 's side , as do vaughan . frank you all right , mama ? linda I be fine , honey . let 's just try and forget about tonight . frank we do not need to think bad thought , do we mama ? linda no , honey , we do not . ( pause ) I will make some coffee and start cleanin ' up this mess . Karl , you want some coffee , huh ? karl no , mar 'am . coffee kindly make I nervous when I drink it . dissolve to : int . live room - night Linda clean up the last of the mess . Frank come in sleepy eye in he pajamas . linda what be you doin ' up again , Frank ? you need to get a little sleep . frank do vaughan go home ? linda yeah , he have to go to work in a little while . I do too . frank do Karl go to bed ? linda I guess . he go to the garage . poor thing , he 's probably never see such a crazy mess . he probably want to go back and live in Mr. Cox 's shop . frank I bet he do not . Karl like I . linda I know he do . frank mama ? linda huh ? frank be everything gonna be all right someday ? I just stay nervous all the time just about . linda yeah , honey , someday everything 's gonna be all right . frank doyle would not really kill you , would he ? linda I promise we be gonna get away from he . the time have to be right , that 's all . I would rather he get tired of I and leave I . then he would not want to hurt I . he would not care then . we will be fine . I promise . you go to bed now . ( she hug he ) I love you . frank I love you , too , mama . he go to he room . int . kitchen - night Linda go into the kitchen and pour a cup of coffee and sit at the table . after a moment , she look up and be startle to see Karl in the doorway . linda you scared I . karl I do not aim to . linda want to sit down ? do you need something ' ? karl no mar 'am . Karl just keep stand there and Linda keep stare . karl ( cont 'd ) two feller be on a bridge a takin ' a leak and one feller say the water be cold and the other say it be deep water . one of them come from Arkansas , I believe . linda ( puzzle ) I will be dog . more silence . karl do you reckon you can make I some biscuit ? linda right now ? karl just whenever you take a notion to . I do not aim to put you out . linda well , it be nearly breakfast time anyway . I can not go to sleep . I have to be at work in three hour . you know how it be when you just sleep a hour or two , you feel worse than if you have not sleep at all ? karl yes mar 'am . linda well , set down and I will make some biscuit and gravy . karl mustard 's good on them to I . linda okay . Karl set at the table and Linda start to make the biscuit . karl thank ye . linda it 's all right . ( pause ) you know I be thinkin ' there 's this girl that work with I . she 's real heavy , but she 's cute in the face . well , you know , she 's slow . she 's a little bit , I think . she 's not retarded , just -- it do not matter , listen to I . I think you might like to meet she . vaughan want to have a little supper over at he house and we could invite she . would you like that ? karl I would not mind a havin ' supper . linda vaughan 's " friend " will be there , too . he work at the funeral home . and Frank . you know Frank like you a lot . he say you make he feel calm . karl I like Frank . he 's a good boy . I and he 's make friend . she keep work . karl ( cont 'd ) hit be not right for I to keep from tellin ' you how come I to be put in the state hospital . linda that 's okay . it 's not really my business . I have wonder though . why be it ? be it like a nervous breakdown ? karl I kill my mother and a old boy name jesse dixon . I think they be a-doin ' wrong . I be about you boy 's age . they say I be well now from it . Linda stop work and turn to Karl , a little shocked , but not as much as you would think . linda be that you ? I remember that . I be only three or four , but I always hear about it growin ' up . ( pause ) they say you be well ? karl yes mar 'am . ( pause ) I like you garage . ( pause ) I would not never hurt you or you boy . I would lay my hand on the Bible and say the same thing . linda I believe you . I really do . ext . cove parking lot - day Bill Cox be stand beside a garden tiller with a old man . Bill be try to crank it up , but it will not start . a car pull into the parking lot and Gerry woolridge get out of it and come over to Bill . bill how ' bout you , Jerry . woolridge how be you , Bill ? bill doin ' pretty good . get a sick tiller here . what 's get you down this way ? woolridge just think I would check on Karl and see if everything 's work out . bill well , he 's pretty quiet . except for they racket and breathin ' thing he do . ai not threaten I with a killin ' or anything . ( laugh ) but boy you could not of be more right about he fixin ' thing . that son of a bitch be a regular eli whitney on a lawnmower . love french fries . eat four large and do not even so much as belch . I be proud to have he . woolridge be he stayin ' here workin ' out ? bill he 's go to stayin ' over with that wheatley boy and he mama in they garage . I think that little boy adopt he damn near like a mascot . but he 's get a key here to come and go as he please . everything 's work out good . woolridge can I see he ? bill sure . Bill look over at scooter , who be put up a sale sign on new mower in the front window . bill ( cont 'd ) scooter ! run get Karl for I . ext . parking lot - day woolridge and Karl lean on the hood of woolridge 's car . in the background , Bill and the old man tinker with the tiller . woolridge be you sure you be okay stay with that woman and boy ? karl yes sir . woolridge do they know about you ? karl my history . woolridge yeah . karl I tell them about it . they know I be well . that mizz wheatley make I some biscuit . woolridge I will be . karl that boy , he 's my friend . he like the way I talk and I like the way he talk . woolridge I know you would do all right . well , I just want to check on you . I will say bye to Bill and get on back . they walk over to Bill . bill Karl , see if you can figure out what 's wrong with this thing . it will not crank up and ever'thing seem to be put together right . Karl squat beside the tiller . woolridge I will see you , Bill . bill okay , stop back by . do not worry about you boy here , he 's doin ' good . Karl look up from the tiller hold the gas cap . karl hit be not get no gas in it . bill see there . thinks of the simple thing first . int . vaughan' dine room - night vaughan , albert the " friend , " Linda , Frank , Karl , and melinda , the dollar - store girl , be seat at the table . Karl and Frank be go at the delicacy while melinda shyly pick at hers and the other be engage in idle chit chat . this go on for a few moment , then Albert 's attention turn to Karl . albert so Karl , do you intend to stay in the lawnmower business for a while or do you have other plan ? karl I reckon . vaughan I think Karl be go to be a writer or a librarian eventually . you should see all the book he have . he must read constantly . karl I be not read them yet except two or three of them . I can not understand a lot of what I try to read . my mind , hit wonder off to something ' else when I try to read . albert I be the same way . of course , in my line of work , I stay too busy to read . but at least I have job security . people may stop do a lot of thing , but one thing be for sure , they will not stop die . linda ( look at Frank ) why do not we talk about something a little more festive . vaughan do everyone like the food ? nod and yese . vaughan ( cont 'd ) good . I have not decide yet if I be a good cook . linda hey Karl , you know what ? melinda be vote employee of the month at the dollar store last February . be not that somethin' ? karl yes mar 'am , I reckon . melinda well , when you like pricing item as much as I do , I guess it 's just bound to happen sooner or later . vaughan Karl , maybe you and melinda might want to take a walk or something after dinner . it 's a nice night . linda vaughan , do not get pushy . vaughan I be sorry . karl I like walkin ' quite a bit from time to time . melinda I stay on my foot all the time at work . I just can not find shoe that 's comfortable . albert Hospital shoe might be the answer . nurse ' shoe . vaughan or the kind old lady who work in the school cafeteria wear . albert same difference . melinda I get real mean when my foot hurt . it 's the only time I do not like checkin ' out the customer , when my foot hurt . linda Frank , you and Karl be not talkin ' much , you boy must really like that food . frank I just do not have anything to say about shoe . silence for a moment . vaughan listen everybody , I know this may sound corny , I have have a few glass of wine and that kind of make I a little emotional , but I be go to say it anyway . it just come over I in a rush . I want you all to know that I care about each and every one of you at this table . linda that 's very sweet of you vaughan . we care about you , too . do not we y'all ? nod , grunt , " sure do 's . " vaughan also , melinda , please do not tell anybody at the store that Albert be here tonight , okay . melinda why ? vaughan well , a lot of people in town talk and spread cruel rumor . unfortunately , I have to keep certain part of my life private . melinda you mean about y' all bein ' together in " that " way ? vaughan yes . melinda I think everybody at the store know that already . they always talk about it . Maureen ledbetter tell a awful story about why you be not allow over at the first Baptist Church no more . linda Karl , why do not you and melinda go take a walk . it 's nice out . karl all right then . he get up and walk toward the front door . melinda get up and try to catch up . ext . sidewalk - night Karl and melinda be walk in the moonlight . it seem a little hard for melinda to keep up . melinda you walk fast , do not you ? karl I reckon . they walk a little farther in silence . melinda this be the worst shoe I own for walkin' . how far do you want to go ? karl I be not really think about it too much I do not reckon . they walk until they disappear into the darkness . int . cox be shop - day Karl be on the floor work on a mower with scooter , they be ad libbing semi-technical lawnmower thing . Bill Cox appear in the door . bill hey Karl , they 's somebody out here to see you . some gal hold a nice bouquet . ( Karl do not move ) come on now , she want to talk to you . do not just set there . Karl get up and go to the counter follow by scooter . melinda stand on the other side of the counter hold a cellophane wrap store - buy flower assortment . nobody say anything for a moment . melinda hi , Karl , I be on lunch break . this be on sale ' cause they be not fresh . two ninety - nine a bunch plus my ten percent employee discount . since I do not bring you anything to we date last night , I think you would like to have them . she hand they to he . karl thank ye . bill scooter , let 's I and you go over to dairy Queen and pick up a few thing for lunchtime . scooter I can go . you do not have to . you do not never go . bill goddamnit , scooter , come on . pardon my language , mar 'am . they start to leave . at the door , Bill Cox turn and wink at Karl . they exit leave Karl and melinda stare at the counter . they be silent for a while . melinda well , I just think I would give you they . I like walkin ' with you . I get a blister the size of a quarter on one heel . well , I will see you sometime , I guess . she walk to the door and stop as if she expect Karl to say something . karl a blister shore can hurt . melinda yeah . karl Flowers be pretty . I have always think that . melinda I , too . she leave and Karl go to the window hold the flower and watch she walk away . ext . sidewalk - dusk holding the flower , Karl be walk down the sidewalk toward the wheatley house when he see Frank come out the front door with a book and a flashlight . he see Karl . frank hey Karl , you off work ? karl yeah . frank where would you get they flower ? karl that gal that make employee of the month give them to I for awalkin ' with she . frank I be goin ' to the secret place . I borry one of you book to take down there . you be not mad , be you ? karl naw . you can look at all my book you want to . frank it 's name 's a Christmas Carol . karl that 's than un on Christmas I be tellin ' you about . frank you want to go with I ? karl yeah . ext . secret place - night Karl and Frank sit in the clear , Karl on the stump , Frank on the ground . Frank be shine the flashlight on the book . he finish read a few line and turn off the flashlight . frank I be gettin ' tired of readin ' for a while . karl all right then . frank Boy , folk sure have it rough back a long time ago , do not they ? karl yeah , I reckon they do . hit like to tore I up when I read about that pore little cripple boy . frank yeah , I too . ( pause ) that be nice of that woman to give you they flower . karl hit be right thoughty of she . frank I be wantin ' to ask you somethin' . karl all right then . frank you know that girl I tell you about . the one I love . karl yeah , I recollect it . frank would you go see she with I ? I kind of think I might take she some flower like that woman do you . karl if you want I to . frank I be not get no money to get them with but I bet vaughan will let I have some of they flower at the store . karl I bet he will . I get a little money if he do not . I will get them for ye . frank I usually get run off by she mama or daddy if they be home . reckon why they do not like I ? karl they ort to . you be a good boy . frank just ' cause I be not rich do not mean I do not love she . karl naw . frank and I do not try to touch she . you know , in a bad way . foolin ' around , sex and all . karl that 's real good . you ort not to if ye be not marry to somebody . Bible tell you that much . hit tell some thing that do not seem right too , I reckon . I guess a feller ort to foller it close as he can , though . ( pause ) you do not touch yourself , do you ? frank what do you mean ? karl pull on you work . you private . frank oh , jackin ' off ? karl yes sir . you ort not know that language . frank I do not know till here while back a year or two ago when I spend the night with ronnie smart one time . he say just tug on you peter and think about you mama . I try it , but I feel funny thinkin ' about my mama . so , I switch over to thinkin ' about he mama and then what he tell I would happen , happen . it sure tingles , do not it ? karl you ort not to pull on yourself that away . frank I kind of like you tellin ' I what to do and not to do . just like my daddy . I do not mind he tellin ' I . I hate doyle to tell I what to do . mama say the only way to ever get away from he be for he to get away from we . that we can not leave he or he will try and hurt she . karl he be not no count . frank you do not seem like a daddy . you seem like a brother . ( pause ) wonder what make you like somebody right off when you do not even know them like what happen with I and you . karl I do not reckon I know . frank and then some people you do not like right off . it 's funny . ( pause ) you know why I want you to play ball with I ? karl naw . frank ' Cause it 's fun . it do not matter if you be not no good . it take you mind off of everything else while you be doin ' it . when you run real fast tryin ' to make a touchdown you do not think about anything else . I be not no good , but my daddy always say he be proud of I when I throw a ball or run with it . do you have any brother and sister growin ' up to play with ? karl I have one there for little bit . hit do not get old enough to play with . frank why not ? it die ? karl yeah . frank why ? karl hit be born a little too early on . my mother and father make hit come too early some way or other . I reckon they change they mind about havin ' another and . I be about six or eight year old then and they do not care too much for I so I reckon they do not need something ' else to worry them with . frank so it die when it come out ? karl my daddy come to the shed out back and get I and say throw this here away and hand I a towel with something ' in it . I go for the trash barrel there and open up the towel to see ' cause they be a noise and something ' movin ' in it . hit be bloody - like around that towel . hit be a little ol ' bitty baby , no bigger than a squirrel . frank it be alive ? karl yes sir . right then it be . frank a boy or girl ? karl a little ol ' boy . frank you throw it in a trash barrel ? karl I do not feel right about doin ' that . I taken a shoe box from there in the shed and emptied out some screwdriver and nut and warsher from it and put the little feller in that and bury he in the corner of the yard there . that seem more proper to I , I reckon . frank it be still alive when you bury it ? karl I hear it cryin ' a little through that box . frank that do not seem right . it seem like you should have keep he alive and take care of he if he be you brother . karl I wad not but six or eight . I reckon I do not know what to do . I do not know how to care for no baby . mama and daddy do not want he . they learn I to do what they tell I to . this day I figure it might of be best to give he right back to the good Lord right off the bat anyhow . frank that make I feel real sad . could not you have do something ' , Karl ? I would have . I wish I would of have he . he would be here right now . livin ' . karl Hit be hard thinkin ' about it . they be not a day go by I do not think about it . I kindly have a picture of it up in my head that I see . hit make I sad , too . I have bad thought on it . I wish they be somethin' I could of do , too . should not no bad thing happen to childern . all the ol ' bad thing ort to be save up for folk that 's grow up , the way I see it . I should not of tell you about that . a boy ort not hear about such thing . it just kindly come out . frank I do not mean to say anything bad about you . I know you be good . you do not mean no harm . ( pause ) do you ever think about killin ' yourself on purpose like my daddy do ? karl I have study about it . the Bible say not to or you end up goin ' to hade . some folk call it Hell , I call it hade . frank Bible say the same thing about killin ' other , too . karl yes sir , I reckon it do . ext . residential neighborhood - day Frank , flower in hand , and Karl approach a very nice two story house . they get to the door and Frank ring the doorbell . frank I always get nervous when I hear that doorbell . I be okay just walkin ' over , but something ' about that dang doorbell . they have one room where you can not walk on the carpet or sit on the furniture . I do not see much sense in havin ' it . the door open and we see a older black lady , the housekeeper . housekeeper ( eye Karl ) Son , I do not know why you keep comin ' over here . you know this folk do not want you here . they run you off ever ' time . do not keep doin ' this to yourself . you a sweet boy . now go give they flower to somebody that will enjoy them . frank ma'am , I really want to give they to Karen . housekeeper ( to Karl ) you he daddy ? karl no mar 'am . housekeeper well , whoever you be , you ought to talk some sense into he . that little old girl be way too fast for he and do not wanna see he no way . frank will you get she for I . please . I really want to see she . she will want to see I , too , ' cause we be not in public . just do not tell she folk I be here . housekeeper ( sigh ) okay . she disappear and a moment later karen appear . she 's thirteen , pretty and very neatly dress . karen ( put out ) hey Frank . you should not be come over here . my parent really do not want you to . frank I want to bring you some flower . they be pretty good one . karen they be from the dollar store . I be not a idiot . besides we have a garden full of flower . she eye Karl . frank I want for you to meet Karl , too . he 's my new friend . but I feel like I have always know he . I think you should meet he . karen why ? hi , Karl . frank he 's gonna be around a lot and I hope you be too , so ... karen here give I the flower , I will do something with they . thank you . now you better go . maybe I will see you down at the secret place one day in a week or two or something . I have a boyfriend now you know . and we be pretty serious . he give I a ring . she proudly display the ring . frank can you go there with we now ? I and Karl . we could just hang out . Karl have some cool book . karen Frank , I just like you as a friend . only at the secret place . okay ? I can not go there now . I will see you later . frank but maybe just for awhile -- karen I be close the door now . I tell you , I will see you later . she close the door . they stand therefor a moment , then walk away down the sidewalk . frank she say she would see I later . that 's kinda good , right ? karl I reckon . ext . wheatley house - day Frank and Karl walk up the step to the house . Frank open the door and they enter . int . house - day as Frank and Karl enter , they see doyle sit on a footstool face Linda who 's in a chair . doyle be hold both she hand and talk very softly to she . he see the guy and look up . doyle well , I will be damned , there 's the boy . I be glad y'all come in . I want to talk to y'all , too . I be just tellin' Linda here -- oh hell , I will just start over , set down you boy . they do , on the couch . doyle ( cont 'd ) well , what it be be , I just , well I take off work early today and you mama be good enough to do the same so we could talk . I guess you would say I be really here to apologize , which be not easy for I to do , about the way I act the other night . I be just drunk and kinda get a little too work up and one thing lead to another . I care about y'all a lot , I do . I do not mean to be so damned , assholish I guess the word would be . now Karl , I do not believe I hit you , do I ? so no apology need there I guess , but Frank , I be sorry . I be sorry I hit you mama . I be just jealous of she . I do not like she life or the way she run it . I do not like homosexual and she buddy with one . I do not like little wimpy ass kid or fuckin ' mental retard and she 's get one of each livin ' with she . ( laugh ) I be just kiddin' . but really I guess people need to get along even if they have difference . ( pause ) you see , I work construction . I build thing . do you realize how important that be to the world . I have a lot of pressure on I . the upshot be , I be gonna spend a lot more time over here and we be gonna get along . like a family should . ( to Linda ) I may even surprise you one day and pop the question . ( he get up ) well , I be goin ' back to work . I just want to give y'all some little piece of happiness today . ( kiss Linda ) see you tonight honey . Karl . be a good boy , Frank . he leave . linda well , at least he 's tryin ' . but who know for how long . frank he 's lyin ' mama . he be not gonna do better . linda I know honey . just remember what I say , we will bide we time . you just steer clear of he as much as you can . doyle 's have a real hard life . it 's just about run he crazy I think . frank we have have a real hard life , too , mama . Linda move to the couch and put she arm around Frank . linda you be a hell of a boy , Frank . someday you be gonna get all the good thing you deserve . and Karl here 's gonna get some more biscuit tonight . what do you think about that ? karl I could shore use some . thank ye . int . shop - day Karl be clean some part in a bucket of gasoline . Bill come to the door . bill hey there Karl , can you come unload a generator for I ? Karl wipe he hand on a shop towel and start outside . ext . parking lot - day a man and a teenage boy stand by a pickup truck . a small generator be on the tailgate . bill Karl , lift this thing down and carry it to the back . it 's on the blink . ( to man as Karl unload it ) we will have it for you in a day or two , walter . walter y'ont we to he 'p you there liftin' that ? bill oh no , that dang Karl can lift a bulldozier . fix anything , too . ( confidentially ) he 's mentally retarded , but he 's a whiz on small engine . Lord work in mysterious way . Karl carry the generator toward the shop . he turn and watch the man and boy talk and laugh with Bill . the man playfully put a arm around he son 's neck and tousle he hair . walter Hell , he do not just make the team , coach say he 's probably gonna start at end on defense . he 's a chip off the old block . ai not you , Steve ? steve I guess so . Karl turn and go in the shop . int . wheatley garage - day Karl be on he cot read a book . Frank come in . he look very depressed . he sit beside Karl . frank what you readin ' ? karl readin ' on this book on how to work carpentry . I aim to learn how to build thing out of wood one of this time . I have always be partial to wood buildin' and cabinet and whatnot . this drawin 's they get here do not make no sense to I so far . ( he look directly at Frank , which he seldom do ) you seem like yore tail a' draggin ' a might . you get something ' wrong with ye ? frank seem like doyle 's worm he way back in . mama say he 's stayin ' over tonight and he 's talkin ' about movin ' in for good . we be not ever gonna be happy . we will always be nervous , will not we Karl ? karl I do not reckon I know . I be not find no way yet and I be three or four time as old as you . might be that 's just the way folk be . frank I feel sad about Karen Cross , too . I just make like to myself she love I . I know better , though . it just feel good to I when I imagine it . karl make believin ' always make I feel good too from time to time . they sit in silence for a moment . karl ( cont 'd ) Bill Cox be goin ' to a funeral for a mister Turner tomorrow and a closin ' up shop early . frank be that right ? karl I will play ball with ye . I reckon if neither one of we be no count it will not make no difference . frank you will ? for sure ? karl yeah . frank we will be on team , I and you ? karl yessir . ext . junior high football field - day it 's the practice field , so it 's not very well keep . Karl , Frank , and two other boy around Frank 's age be huddle up . four boy be line on defense . they break the huddle and come to the line . they be on about the fifty - yard line . Frank hike the ball to one of the boy . he later al it to Karl who stand there for a minute as the defender run toward he . then he take off like the wind . he run funny , kind of humped over and pigeon - to , but fast . all the other be chase he . two of the other team 's boy catch he on about the fifteen - yard line , but he drag they along . Karl see Frank out of the corner of he eye and toss he the ball just as Karl bite the dirt . Frank go into the end zone untouched . there be cheer from Frank and the other boy . Frank run over to Karl who 's still on the ground . frank Way to go , Karl . we get a touchdown . that be a good lateral , man . that be just like the wishbone . karl I dern near have I a touchdown till they boy get a-hold of I there so I figure I better give it off to you . I see you over there follerin ' I . frank we be liable to win if we keep this up . for somebody like you , you sure run fast . he grab Karl by the hand and help pull he up . frank ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's kick off to them . ext . sidewalk - day Karl and Frank , dirt , grass stain and all , walk toward home . frank I know you could of score they three touchdown by yourself instead of throw them over to I . karl they boy be tryin ' to pull I down pretty hard . frank you be strong though . you let I make they touchdown so I would feel good . my daddy use to do that kind of thing . they walk in silence for a moment . frank ( cont 'd ) it do not matter to I about we losin ' do it to you ? karl no sir . frank it be fun , anyhow . karl I wad not thinkin ' about nothin ' else just like you tell I I would do . frank can we play ever ' Saturday ? karl if I be not too stove up . I be not like you . I be old and give out . ( pause ) I be proud of ye . int . garage - day Karl sit on he bed rub he hand together , deep in think . ext . STREET - day Karl be walk down the street past rundown house . he come to a old gray woodframe house . it be in bad repair , the paint be peel , the yard be grow up . there be a old wooden shed in the back yard . he stand look at it for a moment then walk through the yard and open the door to the shed . he 's motionless for a moment , then go inside . int . shed - day sunlight come through the crack in the wood . the shed have nothing but dirt for a floor . a few tall patch of grass shoot up between box and rusty lawnmower . a few old garden tool hang on the wall . in the center be a low circular spot in the ground and a few tatter shred of a old quilt . Karl stand look at the hole for a moment , then turn and walk out of the shed . ext . yard - day Karl walk across the yard to the house . int . screened -in porch - day Karl go onto the screen - in porch , look through the kitchen window and go inside . int . kitchen - day the place be a mess . dirty dish be pile in the sink and on the table . it 's not just clutter , but filth everywhere . int . live room - day Karl walk into a equally filthy live room where a old man in overall sit slump in a chair look at he lap . Karl stand face he for several moment . karl I be ye boy . old man I be not get no boy . karl I be ye oldest boy name Karl . old man I be not get no boy . karl they turn I aloose from the nervous hospital . Said I be well . no response . karl ( cont 'd ) I get hire to work for a Mr. Cox fixin ' lawnmower and whatnot . no response . karl ( cont 'd ) that grass out in the yard 's all grow up . I figure I might cut it fer ye . old man I tell you , I be not get no boy , now get on out from here and let I be . Long silence . karl I learn to read some . I have read on the Bible quite a bit . I do not understand all of it , but I believe I understand a good deal of it . they storey mama and you tell I be not in there . you ort not to of do that to ye boy . ( pause ) I have study on killin ' you . but I do not reckon they 's no reason fer it if all you be gonna do be set there in that chair . you will be dead soon enough I reckon and the world will be shut of ye . ( Karl walk toward the kitchen and turn back to the old man ) you ort not to of kill my brother . he ort to have have a chance to grow up . sometimes he would of have fun . ext . yard Karl walk out of the house and across the yard to a hedge in the corner and kneel down . he push some grass aside to reveal a rock about afoot tall and afoot across . in front of it , the ground be raise a little . he stare at the rock for a moment and touch it . karl Little feller . ext . a large old wooden slat bridge - dusk Karl stand on the side of the bridge look into the river below . int . wheatley house - night all the light be out . we see a shot of Frank in he bed asleep , but toss and turn . then a shot of Linda in bed stare at the ceiling and doyle beside she snore . suddenly , the light come on and Linda let out a little yelp and sit up , which wake up doyle and he sit up with a start . from they p.o.v. we see Karl stand in the door hold a hammer . doyle what in the goddamn hell be you doin ' ? it 's the middle of the night . linda what do you want , hun ? karl I want to be baptize . doyle baptize ? well , get baptize then . I do not give a shit . call a fuckin ' preacher , goddamnit ! I can not baptize you . linda we will go to church and get you baptize , tomorrow 's Sunday . you go on back to bed . doyle what be you doin ' with that damn hammer ? karl I do not rightly know . I just kindly wake up a-holdin ' it . int . church - day we see a shot of Frank and Linda and vaughan in a church pew . the church be pretty full . from they p.o.v. we seek Karl in a robe stand in the baptismal tank . the preacher take Karl and dunk he under the water and bring he back up . int . wheatley live room - day doyle be in he favorite chair as Linda , Frank , and Karl come through the front door . doyle how would you baptizin ' go ? linda it go real good . doyle well , that 's good . it 's about time to eat and you know what I be cravin ' ? some of that take out chicken . why do not you run get some of it , honey , for lunch ? linda ( to Frank and Karl ) would y'all like that ? frank yeah , I guess . karl yes mar 'am . I like a fry chicken leg . linda all right , y'all gonna go with I ? doyle naw , hell , let they stay here with I and do man thing . there might be some kind of ball game on we can watch . you go on . linda I will be back in a little bit then . she leave and doyle walk up to Karl and Frank . doyle I really just want to git you mama out of the house for a minute so we can have a talk . y'all set down . they sit on the couch and doyle kneel in front of they . doyle now here 's the deal . now that I be gonna throw my entire life away doin ' what I want to come live here with y'all , we have to get a few thing straight . see , Frank , I and you mama would not have any problem if it wad not for you . we would never have a bad word between we . but since you do exist , if I be gonna be here as the head of the household , we will have to live by my rule . and my rule be you do not speak unless you be speak to . stay out of my way and do what a regular kid do . you be a weird little shit . I do not get you . so wake up . face what they call reality . we be gonna be a family now . and it 's my family . I will be payin ' the bill so you get I . but I be not you daddy . you just treat I like I be . I be the boss , okay . and the other thing be you friend Karl have to go . we can not have a normal family with he livin ' in the garage and comin ' in the bedroom at four in the mornin ' with hammer and shit . see ? frank Karl can stay if he want to . mama say -- doyle slap he across the face and Karl grab doyle 's arm . doyle shake he off . karl do not hit that boy no more . doyle you shut up you , fuckin ' retard . get you shit and get out of here . ( to Frank ) that be a wake - up slap , Frank . remember . reality , like I say . do not forget any bit of what I say to you and we will be fine . Frank jump up and run from the house and doyle sit back in he chair and pop a beer . Karl get up and go to the garage . int . garage - day Karl tie he book up with he strap and get a bag from he bed and leave . ext . driveway - day Karl be walk away as Linda pull up in she car and get out with fast - food bag . linda where be you goin ' , Karl ? do not you want some chicken and thing ? karl no mar 'am . I be a' goin ' off sommer . linda well , okay . I get you some . karl Frank , he go off , too . he be not gonna be in there when you get indoors . linda where would he go ? what 's goin ' on ? karl he want to go off and play , I reckon . ( pause ) you go in there and you and that doyle eat ye dinner . you do not have to worry yourself none . linda all right then . well , I will see you later . if you see Frank , tell he to come on back home . I do not get to see he all day except Sunday . he can play tomorrow . karl ma'am ? linda yeah . karl you be a good mama to that boy . you care for he . you work hard fer he to take care of he . you light he up in he eye , I have see it . he would not know what to do without ye . linda well thank you , hun . that 's real good of you to say . I would not know what to do without he either . karl you have be real good to I , too . it be not ever 'body that would make biscuit in the middle of the night . you and that boy have give I a good feelin ' . linda we sure like havin ' you . karl thank ye . ( Karl walk away , then turn ) I be just get around to tellin ' you , but I fix you warshin ' machine . ext . secret place - day Frank be on the ground digging a trench in the dirt with a stick . he hear footstep in the leave and look up and see Karl come toward he . frank hey , Karl . how would you know to come out here ? karl I know you would be here . ( Karl sit on the stump ) what be you a-doin ' digging with that stob ? frank just diggin ' . ( pause ) I be not ever gonna be happy now . not with that son of a bitch movin ' in for good . I wish I and you and mama could just run away . but she say he would find we wherever we go . he 's crazy . sometimes I think it would of be better if I wad not ever bear . karl I be glad of it you be born . ( pause ) I reckon I be not gonna be there in the garage no more . frank you have to Karl . you have to look out for I . you do not let that son of a bitch run you off . karl you be just a boy . you ort not to use that sort of language . frank Karl , I be not tryin ' to say nothin ' bad about you , but why do not you stop doyle when he get that away ? you be older than he . you be strong , too . my daddy would not let he do that to I and mama . karl that feller 's a whole sight meaner than I . he would just whup the tar out of I . frank yeah , I guess so . I be real tired , you know that . a kid my age should not be tired of thing . karl I be tired , too , Frank . ( pause ) if I be not around no more , it do not mean I do not care fer ye . I care for ye a good deal . I care for you more than anybody they be . we make friend right off the bat . frank I care for you , too . but you will be around , do not say that . karl hit do not make no difference where I be to be . we will always be friend . there be not no way to stop that . ( pause ) I aim for you to have this book . he hand he the book . karl maybe you can make more sense out of they than I can . I make you a little old book marker and stick it in that book on Christmas . frank you do not want to give away all you book . karl I aim fer you to have them . frank man . thanks . ( pause ) you know when you get a feelin ' and you do not know why ? karl yes sir . frank I have get a feelin ' today . karl reckon what kind of a feelin' ? frank like something different . I do not know . ( pause ) you be leavin ' be not you , Karl ? karl will ye do something ' for I if I ast you to ? frank you know I would . whatever you want . karl do not go home tonight and stay with that doyle . he 's get it in for ye tonight . I get I a feelin' , too . feel like to I you ort not be there in that house with he liquore up and mean . ye mama neither . when you get up from here , I want you to go to that feller 's house . you mama 's friend . I want you to give I you word on it . frank okay . I give you my word . be ever 'thing gonna be okay ? be you all right ? karl ever'thing 's okay , boy . I kindly want to put my arm around ye for a minute and then I be gonna go on and leave here . frank okay . Karl lay he arm on Frank 's shoulder and Frank put he hand on Karl 's arm . they sit like that for a few moment , then Karl get up with he paper sack and walk away . Frank take the book marker out of the Christmas book . it be just a fold piece of notebook paper . on it be write ' you will be happy . ' he look up at Karl who be now thirty yard away in the tree . frank ( cont 'd ) Karl ! Karl turn around and he and Frank stare at each other through the tree . ext . vaughan' house - day Karl knock on the door . after a moment , vaughan answer in a pair of big short and a sweatshirt . vaughan Karl , what be you do here ? come in . karl I be not a-stayin ' . I need to ast you fer a favor . vaughan okay . karl this evenin ' I want you to go get mizz wheatley and that Frank and have they stay with you tonight . vaughan what 's wrong ? be everything okay ? karl that dern doyle be in a bad way again with that drinkin ' and bein ' mean to folk . will you give I you word you will do it ? vaughan well , sure , okay . he have not hurt they , have he ? karl naw , not yet . ( hand the bag to vaughan ) I want ye to give this to mizz wheatley . hit be not much , but maybe there 's a little something ' to hep out . Hit what I have earn fixin ' lawnmower and what not fer Bill Cox . vaughan take the bag . vaughan what about you , Karl ? do you want to stay here ? karl I do not reckon you have to go with woman to be a daddy to a boy . ( pause ) you have be real square dealin ' with I . the Bible say two man ort not lay together . but I will bet you the good Lord would not send nobody like you to hade . some folk call it Hell , I call it hade . ( Karl start away ) that boy life inside of he own heart . Hit a awful big place . you take care of that boy . vaughan watch Karl walk away . ext . bus station - night Karl stare at the bus station door . ext . wheatley house - night Karl stare at the house from the sidewalk . ext . old wood bridge - night Karl stare into the river . int . cox be shop - night Karl have a lawnmower blade sharpen it on a grind wheel . ext . wheatley house - night Karl carry the blade walk onto the porch and enter the live room . int . live room - night doyle be in he chair drink beer and watch tv . he look up as Karl come around and sit on the sofa . doyle where 's ever 'body else ? you see them ? ( no response ) I think I tell you to get the hell move out of here anyway . karl how do a feller go about gettin ' ahold of the police ? doyle ( cont 'd ) pick up the fuckin ' phone and call them , I guess . karl what number do you punch ? doyle I tell you to get away from here , do not I ? I be tryin ' to relax and look at tv. ( notice blade ) what be you doin ' with that piece of iron ? I swear to God you be the weirdest son of a bitch I ever hear of . karl I aim to kill you with it . doyle keep drink and watch tv . doyle yeah , okay . well , to get the police you push 911 . you will need to tell them to send a ambulance , too . or a hearse . you fuckin ' idiot . you be gonna kill I . ( laugh ) Karl get up and walk slowly toward doyle out of frame . we see the flicker light of the tv on the wall . o.s. we hear one short dull thud . doyle ( o.s. ) oh God ! oh God ! we hear one more thud , then the sound of doyle 's body hit the floor . Karl appear in frame again and we follow he to the kitchen where he pick up the wall phone . he stare at it for a moment , then push 911 . he have a few speck of blood on he face , hand and shirt . karl ( into phone ) yes mar 'am . I need the police over here at the wheatley house . ( pause ) I have kill somebody with a mower blade . ( pause ) yes mar 'am , I be right sure of it . I hit he two good whacks . that second time just plumb near cut he head in two . ( pause ) Hit a little old yeller house right on the corner of marigold Street and some other street . they 's a red pickup truck out front say doyle hargrave construction on it . I will be a settin ' here waitin ' on ye . beside sendin ' the police , doyle say you might want to send a ambulance or a hearse . thank ye . he hang up and go to the refrigerator and take out a jar of mustard . he get a knife out of the drawer and sit at the kitchen table and pull back a table cloth that be cover up some leftover . he pick up a biscuit and open the mustard jar and run the knife around it . there 's hardly any mustard in it . he dab a little on the biscuit and take a bite and relax to wait for the law . CUT to : close up of charle the nut case he 's in the middle of one of he sick monologue . we pull back and see we be in the recreation room of the hospital again with Karl in he usual chair listen to Charles . Karl be now wear the hospital issue clothing . charle ... on the third day I wash she . she be not very clean . I get all the right spot . she be the first one I ever keep for any length of time , you see I get bored easily , I have a short attention span . I can not say she enjoy she stay , although the washcloth in she mouth hold in place by good duct tape keep any complaint to a minimum . I do not really like people who talk a lot . I like to do the talk . I guess that 's why I be so fond of you . you be so easygoing , although I do sense a little tension in you sometimes . by the way , how be it out there ? do you have any fun ? make any new acquaintance ? tell I what it be like . karl they be a boy . we make friend . charle I bet you do . I be never bent that way . I be bent the other way . so , you like it out there in the world . karl it 's too big . charle well , it 's not too big in here , be it ? ( pause ) I feel very generous today . I feel like listen . I be sure you have plenty to tell I . and please bore I with the detail . ( long pause ) ) come on Karl , who do you kill ? be it the boy ? karl do not say nothin ' about that boy . Karl look he right in the eye for the first time ever . karl fact the bidness , do not you say another word to I . I be not listenin ' to you no more . Karl get up and go to the window and look out at the grass that separate he from the next building . he stare out the window , as we : fade out . the end