slither write by James gunn September 10 , 2004 fade in : int . high school classroom - day closeup : a slender woman 's hand write on a chalkboard , in teacherly cursive . we pull back to reveal starla grant , a stunningly beautiful Southern woman in she twenty , as she finish write out , " survival of the fittest " starla glance at the classroom of high school student . she be a demure woman , somewhat awkward in she speak , but she have the rapt attention of all the boy in the class . starla when darwin say ' fittest , ' he do not necessarily mean the strongest or the most intelligent , or any one trait -- he merely mean that organism most well - suite to they environment . the boy in the class look she up and down as she speak . kylie strutemyer , a pretty student , notice a boy beside she draw starla , only without she clothes . she hit he . he chuckle . starla we human think we be more fit , more evolve , because we be smarter . but we be neophyte . we have be around two million year , give or take . the cockroach have be here for 350 million . you tell I who 's the more successful species . a boy raise he hand . starla will . will how 's all this go with how the Bible say there be not no dinosaur ? some of the kid laugh at the boy . starla pause , about to answer , when the bell ring . starla we will tackle that tomorrow ... everyone bring you box glove . the kid start to leave . 2 . ext . MAIN STREET - day celebratory banner be strung over this street , include one that read : " deer season start today ! " we be in the center of wheelsy , South Carolina , a moderately depressed small town . today 's a big day , as hunter from far and near crowd the street in they massive pickup . men spill in and out of a gun store buy load of ammunition . old hunter with face like prune stand outside angell 's tavern get drunk . a man with few teeth have a dead deer strung out across the back of he truck , skin the carcass , its innard spilling loose . jack , a older , uptight man in fancy clothes , be drive through town in he big old cadillac . he come upon a hunter 's truck , double - park , jam up traffic . Jack jam on he horn . jack get the fuck out of the way , cocksucker ! Jack turn to see a mother and she two child on the sidewalk , listen and stare in shock . mother mornin ' , Mayor . Jack smile , a bit embarrassed . Jack notice a group of hunter on the sidewalk , look and point at something up in the sky . he look up to see a small meteor plummete toward earth . ext . high school - day student file out of the open door for the day . kylie , starla 's pretty student , be among they . she and she friend be look up at the fall meteor . kylie prolly go find it later , sell it on ebay . ext . horse ranch - day a rancher with a cleft palate turn he head to see the meteor , much closer to he . it 's rush down toward the treetop of a nearby forest . 3. int . granth office - day a frame wedding photograph of a very young starla and a large man be sit on a desk . the photo trembles lightly , with the impact of the meteor hit the earth . grant grant , a large , indelicate man in he mid forty , notice the photo on he desk move . he look up from he desk and out he door , where there 's a glass workshop . two worker be carry a large pane of glass , look relieved they do not drop it . grant just a tremor , boy . grant go back to fill out the tag of file folder with a sharpie . ext . police station - day four cop -- bill pardy , the town 's young , relaxed , and handsome Chief of Police , wally , a older , toad - like cop , trevor , a young , somewhat goofy cop , and margaret , a mannish cop -- be stand stock -still in the station parking lot . they chuckle . trevor do ya ' feel that ?! they enter the station . int . police station - day the four cop start to remove they holster and so forth , finish for the day . trevor I always get afraid when that happen , ' cause what if the ground crack open and you fall inside ? it 's so hot in there you get all burnt to nothin ' like that -- ( snap ) happen to my uncle Barry . wally and Bill laugh at he . wally who tell you that story , trevor ? trevor my aunt . 4. bill you uncle Barry leave she for a stripper up in winnsboro . trevor look shocked , sad . shelby , a slightly dim dispatcher , on he headset at the police operator 's unit , swirl toward they , alarmed . shelby Chief ! we get a ' mergency over at the diner ! int . diner - later the four cop move in . there 's a commotion . most of the patron be stand . waitress back there , Bill ! the waitress nod back through the service window , into the kitchen , where a large doe be hopping around . a dishwasher stand on the counter , yelping with fear . int . diner kitchen - moment later Bill , wally , trevor , Margaret , and the waitress enter . the doe skip around . waitress she slip in , be eat trash . we see it on tv , how they kill ya ' -- bill right . waitress so we think we best call in . Bill spot the open rear door , and try to herd the deer toward it . bill come on now , honey , door 's this way . margaret it 's open season . let 's shoot she . bill she 's just scared , Margaret . 5 . wally also , Bill like to take a female through the back door any chance he get . wally and Margaret laugh . trevor snatch a dish - towel and rush the doe , use it like a cape . the scared doe leap away from he , jump onto the kitchen counter . bill she be not a bull , trevor ! the animal kick off a pot , which hit Margaret . margaret goddamn bambi-rat ! as the doe jump to the floor , she get she hoof wrap in a telephone cord . the cord be plugge into the wall , trapping the doe in place . wally , Margaret , and trevor attempt to dive for the cord , but can not avoid the doe 's crazy , fly hoof . bill get back . the other cop step away . Bill step slowly toward the doe , speak calmly . bill it 's okay , sweetheart . nobody 's gonna hurt you . the doe look at he , settling a bit . his voice seem to be soothing she . Bill get closer . bill that 's right . just gonna pull this cord out . it 's gonna be all right . the cop and restaurant folk look on in awe as the doe , breathe heavily , become still . Bill scoops close past she , and yank the telephone cord out of the wall . Bill smile . then the doe run forward , almost knock Bill over , and streak out the back door . Bill , wally , Margaret , and trevor move up to the doorway and watch the deer skitter off into the wood beyond , drag the telephone , tie to she leg . bill Hell , she take a phone . now they forest critter be gonna be call we all hour of the night . 6 . everyone laugh . wally pretend to be on the phone . wally Chief of police there ? this a squirrel . bring I a bag of peanut , motherfucker ! everyone laugh some more . int . glass workshop - evening grant lock he office for the day . his secretary see he go . secretary ' night , Mr. grant . grant see ya ' , Ashley . grant walk across the workshop toward the door . he see a crowd of worker loung around a glass -cutting table , laughing at something . some of they nod at grant , and he nod back . but he 's completely outside they circle . ext . grant house - night a sizable two -story suburban home . all the light be off but one . grant ( o.s. ) so I get home today , phone 's ringing . it 's hank wilcox . int . grant dine room - night starla and grant eat dinner in this well - decorate room . as grant chatter , starla occasionally smile politely at he . grant callin ' for you . what the hell ? I say , ' hank , that 's a little bit outta line do not ' cha think , a single man callin ' someone 's wife ? ' at night , nonetheless . starla be quiet , almost afraid : 7. starla he 's teach environmental science , grant . probably want to borrow my lesson plan from last semester . grant oh yeah , that 's what he want to borrow , this guy . starla it 's just a work thing . grant work thing hell , starla . he just want to get in you pussy . him and most this other one around here . that 's where they mind be at , they sick fuck . grant take a big bite of food , stuff he mouth . grant I will tell you , sugarplum , you be lucky you get I . you be too damn trust . without I to protect you , you would get kilt one of this day . starla nod . int . grant master bathroom - later starla stare at herself in the mirror as she brushes she hair . she use long , slow stroke , as if stalling . grant ( o.s. ) sugarplum , you come into bed ? starla turn toward the door . she do not say anything for a moment . starla just a second . starla set she brush down on the counter . she arrange it neatly beside the other . and walk into the bedroom . int . grant bedroom - moment later grant turn off the tv as starla get into bed with he . it 's almost completely dark in here . grant crawl on top of starla . he kiss she and grab she in a way not mean to be rough , but be utterly without grace . 8. after do this for a few moment , starla start to push he off she . starla grant , no -- I be sorry , I be just -- I be not in the mood . grant be on top of she , breathe a little too heavy . grant come on , baby , it 's -- starla I be sorry . I do not just have some switch . grant sure you do . through starla 's nightgown , grant pretend to flick one of she nipple . grant flip . then the other . grant flip . starla that 's disrespectful . grant , peeve , get off of she . he sit on the edge of the bed for a moment , in silence . starla look afraid . grant when be you in the mood , exactly ? seem to I that mood 's as rare as winnin ' the goddamn lotto . grant grab he slack off the valet and start put they on . starla where be you go ? grant I be just some big clown to you , be not I ? starla that 's not true -- where be you -? grant out . 9 . int . henenlotter sport bar - later grant sit at the bar , knock back a shot of tequila . he 's get drunk . he tap he glass . grant hit I again there , killer . the barkeep fill he drink . barkeep hey , grant , how 's it you come to have the same last name as first ? grant Parents think it sound pleasant , I s'pose . joke on I , be not it ? grant notice a woman with a lot of makeup -- brenda gutierrez -- stare at he from across the bar , smoking a cigarette . grant stare at she , try to figure out who she be . she slide off she stool . she sashays toward he . she prop herself on the stool beside he , lean drunkenly in toward he . brenda megan halesy ' little sister . grant shit . you be kid I . brenda nope. Brenda ! grant Hell , you be -- grant hold he hand only so high . brenda I be ! and I will tell you something ' , grant grant . I 's in love with you . grant stare at she . brenda my sister megan , she 's a big fat cow . be then , even more so now . I would be think , what would you see in she be not in I ? grant shit , girl , you could not 'a be eleven . 10 . brenda Hell , I be game ! she laugh . so do grant . he stare at she , contemplate sinful thing . he nod at she wedding ring . grant who 's the lucky fella ? brenda fuck lucky . never marry a damn half - mexican . grant already be not . married a gal name -- brenda starla covington . do not be ignorant . everyone know that . Fucking prom queen . grant think . grant yeah . grant finish he drink , and get up to go . brenda where you goin ' ? grant speak more loudly than need be : grant starla , she get real worried ' bout I I stay out too late . love I too much , that one . he glance around to see if people have hear , and stumble out . ext . shade creek - later grant sit on a boulder beside a creek , look miserable , down a six pack . he throw a empty can into the creek , when he glance down and see particle flow down the river . grant slide off the boulder . he kneel and examine the particle . they shimmer in the moonbeam come down between the tree . grant peer up the creek from where the particle be come . 11 . he see a gap on the edge of the creek , where water splashes and be divert in streamlet down the hill . he approach the spot , and come upon a small crater on the side of the creek . the meteorite be inside the crater , but it 's crack into piece . the rock seem almost organic , like a shell . the shimmery speck be part of the shell itself , fleck off into the creek and rush downstream . grant crouch . he touch the meteorite , and feel some sort of goo inside it . it 's sticky . he notice a strip of the same slime lead out of the crater itself and into the wood . grant , curiously , slowly , follow the slimy trail . he come to a flurry of colorful wild flower . something be rustling the flower ever so slightly . he move in closer . a gelatinous yellow organism slither sluggishly between the flower . the organism be a mound a few inch high , gross and veiny , yet as colorful as the flower around it . a small cavity on the apex of the organism constrict and expands lightly . I guess it 's not worth keep secret that this thing look a tad like a bright yellow vagina . grant what the ...? grant be a little freak - out by this thing , even frighten . he look around for someone else . grant hey , anybody ' round here ? ' lo ? no one answer . grant look down at the organism , unsure . he pick up a tree branch . grant softly prod the organism with the pointy end of the branch . nothing happen . he do it again . the thing pulse a little , and surge toward grant . Grand poke it again . a small , thin quill -- a spore -- emerge from the cavity in the center of the organism . the spore be quivering and , as it tremble upward , little bulb spur pop up as well . grant slowly bend down to look at it when -- 12 . the spore suddenly shoot out . it strike grant in the stomach . grant ow ! fuck ! grant yank up he shirt , look at a wound on he abdomen . he watch as the spore quiver and disappear inside he . he clutches he stomach , scream in agony . he fall back into the colorful flower . his body convulse . match CUT to : cat scan shot - int . granth body we see the inside of grant 's body , as if slice in half . we zoom in on the little spore , which be jittering up through he body , and into he neck . the spore key into the base of grant 's cerebellum , and he entire brain crackle with a white electrical ENERGY . back to scene grant freeze in place , he finger contort up in front of he , silent . he 's utterly still , a wax corpse . a hippie camping couple run into the area , look for the source of the scream . the man look down at the freeze grant . camper over here ! the camper crouch down beside he . camper hey , man . you all right ?... dude ?... oh shit . the camper turn from grant to he girlfriend . camper I think he 's d -- grant gasp suddenly , sit up and grab the man , like a drown man pop up above water . the camper yelp and jump back . grant sweat and heave , try to speak , but hardly can -- grant it 's take ... my ... brain . 13 . camper buddy ? grant 's eye glaze over , and he ease off . he heave there , momentarily confuse . his eye dart around , as if see he surroundings for the first time . grant stand . camper you all right , man ? grant look down curiously at the camper . then he turn and stumble away from they , out of the forest . camper that might of be a stroke , buddy . you better take it easy . int . granth pickup - dawn grant drive down the road in he luxury pickup truck , sweat and blink rapidly . ext . grant house - morning grant step out of the truck in he driveway , when he hear -- neighbor ( o.s. ) hey ya ' , grant . grant swing he head toward he neighbor , who be take a happy beagle for a morning walk . neighbor what be ya' , night - fishing again ? you catch anything ? grant I catch a little something ' , yeah . grant walk inside he house . int . grant foyer - morning grant look around the foyer . int . grant bedroom - morning grant creep into the bedroom , look around . we can hear the shower running . grant spot he face in a mirror above the dresser . he move in close to the mirror , and stare at he own image . 14 . he pull on he face a little , he eye brim with excitement . he smile at himself . grant look toward the open bathroom door , where he hear the run shower . he creep toward it . grant peek around the doorway . starla be in the shower , soap herself . she look beautiful there . grant tilt he head to the side like a dog . he watch she , mesmerize , even move . int . grant bathroom - moment later starla be wear a white towel and brush she wet hair in the foggy bathroom mirror when she hear Air supply 's every woman in the world come from the bedroom . she 's strike by it . she move toward the door . open it . int . grant bedroom - morning the shade be draw , darken the room . a few candle have be light . grant be stand there , mostly in silhouette . he 's silent , and he do not move . grant hey there , sugarplum . starla look at he , stir . starla have not hear this for a while . grant walk toward she . he take she hand in he own , lift it beside he . he wrap he other arm around she waist . and he slow dance with she . starla dance too , a bit hesitantly , a bit shy . starla I never dance in a towel before . grant wearing white , just like on we ... wedding day . I remember it . starla nod . grant I be sorry about last night . I get a little insecure sometimes , want to hold on too tight . it 's just ' cause you be precious to I , starla . ( more ) 15 . grant ( cont 'd ) but I swear to God , baby , I be turn over a new goddamn leaf . okay ? starla nod , touch . grant 's eye be teary . grant I love you , sugarplum . starla and grant kiss , tenderly . grant fall to he knee in front of she . he run he hand over the curve of she hip , she thigh , she buttock , with as much fascination as lust . he push starla back onto the bed . he lift she leg , and kiss it , nibble on it a little , scrape he tooth on it . starla be surprised by this , but enjoy it too : it 's probably the most foreplay she 's have in year . grant crawl on top of she , run he hand over she breast , she face . starla 's hand move over grant 's back , and to he stomach . when she stop , startle . starla grant , what 's that ? she gaze down at the wound between they , on grant 's bare abdomen , where the spore enter he . the wound be yellowish , and surround by vein . grant , embarrassed , pull he shirt down . grant just a little bug bite be all . grant kiss and munch on starla as she lie back on the bed , enjoy it . o.s. humming . fade to : int . teacher's lounge - day starla be humming every woman in the World as she drop coin into a soda machine and choose tab. janene , a heavyset black teacher , notice this . janene what be you so smiley about , girl ? starla oh , nothin' . 16 . starla grab she soda and sit down with janene . janene just stare . starla just , grant and I have a nice morning . it 's be a while . janene oh ! you get that fresh - fuck glow , do not you ? starla janene . janene you slut . starla hush . janene no shame . you be a marry woman . starla he be ... considerate . maybe this be the start of a real change in grant . int . grant bathroom - day grant be hold up he shirt , and look at he torso . the wound on he side be blacken and gangrenous , and be start to puff up into a veiny little spout . a fuzzy bluish moss be grow in the crevice around the spout . a pus ooze out . grant look concerned . he squirt some neosporin onto he finger . he massage it slowly into the wound . int . grant kitchen - moment later grant open the refrigerator door and rummages around inside . he pull out some bread . some cheese . he open the meat drawer . it 's replete with cold cut . he pull out some oscar mayer baloney . Turkey . pastrami and salami . he grab every type of meat there be . moment later grant assemble a sandwich at the table . two piece of bread and some cheese . he start put the meat on . but he can not stop , pile more and more on until he have a little sandwich tower . 17 . he look at it . something seem off about it . he remove the cheese . better . and then the bread . even better . he stare at what be now simply a tower of cold cut . grant meat . after contemplate it for a moment , grant stand and carry off the pile of meat . int . grant garage - moment later grant enter the garage through a door from the foyer . he flip the light on with he shoulder . he look around . grant spot a old file cabinet . he set the tower of meat down on the oily floor and open a drawer . it 's fill with file . he close that drawer , and open another . it have manila file folder , but no file . grant take out the folder . he use a sharpie to write out " baloney " on a folder . then he stuff all the baloney into the folder and file it away . he start write out " pastrami " . later grant flip through he alphabetically - file meat : from " baloney " through " turkey . " but he do not look satisfied . int . supermarket - later grant stand beside the butcher 's counter with a shopping cart . he peer dreamily in through the glass at the row of steak , pork chop , and so on . grant meat . butcher howdy , Mr. grant . you goin ' to the Deer cheer this weekend ? grant snap out of he reverie . grant sure thing , killer . butcher what can I do you for ? 18 . grant thinkin ' ' bout get I a couple of this big ol ' rib eye . butcher how many you need ? grant stare at the steak . grant well ... have we a little dinner party ... I would say ... eight . no , no ... fourteen ... the Butcher nod , start to grab steak . grant chuckle . grant Hell , what be I hold back for ? why do not you just give I everything you get here ? butcher all the rib eye ? grant yep . and while you be at it , get I a few of they chicken wing ... some pork loin ... and , ooo , what 's this here ? osso buco ?... ext . grant home - later grant back he pickup toward the garage . meat be pile into the bed . wrapped package of meat fill the seat around he . int . grant garage - moment later grant stand in the garage , tear open the pack , and let the loose meat slide into pile onto the floor , mutter : grant meat . moment later grant roll slab of beef over the dirty floor and into a pile . something skitter across the garage and around the pile . grant peer around the pile and see a rat nibble on some rib . he realize something . 19 . grant you be meat . the rat move away from grant . but grant snap out he arm with alarming speed , snatching the rat . it squeak and wriggle in he grip , tear and bite at he , try to get free . grant snap its neck , and toss the dead rat onto the pile of meat . continue on . ext . grant garage - night starla pull into the driveway . she press the button on she garage door opener . the door shudder but stay close . starla 's confuse . she get out of the car and examine the door . she look down and see a new padlock , lock the door to the cement driveway with bolt on both side . int . grant foyer - moment later starla enter the house . she head toward a door along the wall that lead to the garage . there 's a shiny new lock on that door as well . she touch it , baffle . she turn to see grant stand at the end of the foyer . he 's in shadow , a little spooky in the darkness . grant welcome home . starla grant ? why be there -- do you put lock on the garage ? pause . no answer . starla you drill into the driveway . grant walk into the light . grant yeahhhh . I be sorry . I just get so excited about ... you present . starla my present ? grant you be my princess , be not you ? 20 . starla okay . grant I get a super-special birthday present for you this year . I could not risk you find it , so I have to put they lock on the door . pause . starla all right ... I have to clean up before dinner . grant smile at she . starla confuse , try to smile back , then turn and head up the stair . grant watch starla 's fine form from behind , somewhat lustily . but he leer gaze gradually turn into something darker , and he have a realization . grant you be meat . starla turn . starla what ? grant snap himself out of it . grant oh , nothin ' . nothin ' . see you in a sec . starla smile uneasily , and head on upstairs . ext . grant home - moment later grant step onto the front porch to get some air . he 's blink and seem a little dizzy . he gaze around the neighborhood : down the way , a boy in a little league uniform and he mother get out of they car and walk toward the front door . across the street , through a kitchen window , a plump man and he wife be eat dinner . at another home , a short man step on a stepladder , change the dome light on he porch . grant stare at this individual , look like a animal ready to lunge at its prey , fight the urge . 21 . grant meat . he hear a barking . grant turn to see the beagle next door , tie to the tree , yapping at he . grant look around to make sure no one 's watch . ext . grant home - morning starla walk to get the paper in she robe , and she see a boy , age thirteen or so , stapling a lost : reward flyer to a telephone pole , with a picture of the beagle . starla roscoe 's go ? the Boy 's face be streak from a long night of cry . boy you have not see he , have you ? starla shake she head . starla I be sure he will show up , Tim . the Boy nod , and walk to the next telephone pole to put up another flyer . ext . shade forest - day grant move up a hill , between tree , look around for something . he come to a stop , try to remember which way to go . he do , and move on . ext . old barn - later grant come upon a old wooden barn . the structure be maybe a hundred year old , and long abandon . it 's spatter with graffiti . grant stare at it . moment later grant gather large frond and other foliage in he arm . int . old barn - later grant spread the plant life over the floor of the barn . he arrange it , fluff it there . his action be very animal - like when no one 's around . he seem to be make a nest . he sit back , look at it . 22 . he 's happy . fade to : int . grant bedroom - night starla , dress in she weekend finery , be look in the mirror above she dresser , and put on earring . starla grant , be you almost ready ? int . grant master bathroom - moment later grant look ill . he be lean over the sink , sweat , clutching he stomach . grant yeah , hon , I will be right there ! grant turn and push open he door . int . grant bedroom - night grant see starla sit on the edge of the bed , she back to he , as she put on she nylon . she do not know he 's there . grant stare at she , dement , and move slowly toward she , stalking she . something start to push grant 's shirt up at he stomach , like a bellybutton erection . the thing slip out of he shirt -- a writhe , pointy tubule , aim toward starla 's back . grant look at the nape of starla 's neck . her delicate ear . he become confuse ; he soften . starla turn to see grant , he body now turn away from she . he 's try to push the tubule back down . starla what be you do ? grant you be pretty . starla nod , confuse by he behavior . 23 . ext . wheelsy saddle lodge - later a banner hang across the front of the lodge , " deer cheer ' 05 " -- the first Friday of deer season in wheelsy . inflatable deer totem decorate the front of the wooden lodge . rambunctious music come from inside . partyer enter . grant and starla step out of he truck . as they do , one of starla 's student , will , see she and wave . starla wave back . grant notice this and grab starla 's arm , a bit too hard , pull she back . grant who 's that ? starla it 's just one of my student , grant . grant stare at the boy with distrust , and usher starla towards the lodge . Bill , trevor and Margaret be hang out on a large rock outside the entranceway , drink beer . Bill watch grant and starla cross the lot . trevor see this . trevor what 's she see in that douchebag ? bill that 's the mystery of the age there , trev. starla be seventeen when they get engage . he be , like , in he thirty . no one even know they be goin ' out till she have that ring on she finger . margaret ai not no mystery to it . she 's raise in they shanties off St. luc. dirt-poor . trevor gold-digger , huh ? bill Hell , you do not know that , Margaret . Margaret shrug , belches . Jack , the mayor , with he wife , stop beside they after she do , stare at she . jack Bill , you be Chief of police now . ( more ) 24 . jack ( cont 'd ) come with some goddamn responsibility , like keep you people in line . bill you be right , Jack . Margaret , you be fire . Margaret and trevor laugh . Jack shake he head with disdain , and enter the party . int . wheelsy saddle lodge - night wheelsy citizen celebrate . a country -western band plays . couple two -step . starla and grant move through the party . grant look around at the dance and laugh body . starla see she friend from school . starla janene ! janene laugh heartily and the two embrace janene hey , grant . grant why do not you two catch up ? I will go see what the boy be do . starla nod . she and janene watch as grant move off through the crowd . starla he 's be strange the past couple day . ext . wheelsy saddle lodge - moment later grant step outside , and look around . across the parking lot be a playground . two young child be spin on a little carousel there . grant start toward they . ext . saddle lodge playground - night the Children giggle , unaware of grant inching up on they . grant get closer , excited , when he hear : 25 . brenda ( o.s. ) hey there , handsome . grant turn and see Brenda gutierrez stand there . once again , she 's very drunk . brenda must be fate , we meeting again like this . grant smile . grant well , you might be right ... grant see if anyone 's watch . he circle around she . grant you be lookin ' awful pretty . brenda shut up . Brenda snicker . grant where 's the old half - mexican ? brenda take the kid to he Mom 's for the weekend . grant smile . ext . forest - night grant hold Brenda 's hand , and he pull she between the tree . she giggle . brenda where you takin ' I , you bad boy ! grant stop in a secluded place , beside the creek , look around . no one 's there . he turn toward she , smile . grant take off you shirt , doll . Brenda look at he , confuse . grant guess it 's hard to explain how amazin ' a human brain be to someone who that 's all they know . 26 . brenda what ? grant stuff you can never imagine . feeling . Big thought . and love . yeah . I be inclined to parlay it into something ' more . so , go ahead there , beautiful , and take off you shirt . Brenda , though startle , lean back on a boulder and start unbuttone she blouse . after a moment , she look at grant , try to be sexy while she do it . grant look at she in she bra . grant Nice . grant unbutton he shirt as well . as he remove it completely , he turn toward she . Brenda see the wound on he stomach have blossom into a veiny , blue-moss - encrust yellow spout , huge and pulsing . brenda grant !? what -- ?! grant grab she . she try to push he arm away . brenda no , no , we -- Brenda get up , try to run away . but grant grab she necklace , yanking she back . the necklace snap and fall into the creek beside they . grant pin Brenda 's wrist against the rock . she struggle to get free . Brenda 's eye widen as she look down to see the writhe , tentacle - like tubule emerge from grant 's wound . she scream . grant shove he hand over she mouth , shutting she up . he 's extremely strong . she watch as the tubule twitches , feel its way like a blind snake . the tubule come to rest on she abdomen . tear stream down from Brenda 's eye . it push into she flesh . Brenda go into convulsion . something -- a fluid -- pump through the tubule and into Brenda . grant watch Brenda without emotion as she body spasm there beside he . 27 . then she fall back , unconscious . the tubule retract into grant 's torso . ext . wheelsy saddle lodge back porch - night starla be lean over a wooden rail , look at the light of the town below . she turn to see Bill lean on the rail beside she . she look genuinely happy . starla hey , Bill ! starla catch herself , and look around to see if grant be watch . bill do not worry . the lurker be not around . I check . starla that 's not funny . bill sorry . starla whatcha ' doin ' ? bill tryin ' to get a buzz on . but I be too buff . too much muscle mass . starla laugh . bill what you up to ? starla just check out the light . Bill and starla look out over the city together . bill pretty , be not they ? starla I do not know . I have see they so many time before . I guess any spot get boring after awhile . bill well that 's only if you be in the wrong spot . starla look at he . 28 . bill there 's a place over there on the bluff . when the fog be just right , like tonight , the light of Main look like a kaleidoscope . starla oh , yeah ? bill mm hm . but only a few folk know how to get there . wally . rollo linkski coulda take you , but ' course he get hit by that train . I . starla I will get wally to show I sometime then . starla laugh out loud . so do Bill . bill oh , will you now ? starla grant ( o.s. ) or rollo 's ghost . starla . they turn to see grant approach . he 's a mess . his pants be streak with mud . starla grant , where would you go ? bill hey , grant . grant eye Bill with suspicion . he grab starla . grant you ready , sugarplum ? starla nod . she look at Bill and mouth : starla bye . Bill watch grant and starla head off , as he downs the rest of he beer . wally walk up beside he . wally surprise you be able to lift a mug after carry that torch for so long . 29 . bill hey , wally . glad you be here . there be something I want to tell you ... Bill snap he finger , try to remember . wally what ? bill oh yeah . fuck you , fat ass . they both laugh . int . grant bedroom - later starla lie on she side , awake . she 's stare at the dirt on grant 's pants , which be hang over a valet . grant hold she from behind , sleep peacefully . fade to : int . wheelsy police station - day the front door of the precinct open , and a confuse mexican man walk inside . he be try to keep from cry . Three half - naked child follow he , clutching onto he clothes . the man walk slowly through the office , look around for help . Margaret see he from she desk . margaret Sir , may I help -- ? brenda's husband my wife , Brenda . I think something have happen to she ! ext . stop sign - day starla , in she car with grocery , come to a stop sign . she look at the telephone pole beside it and see that it 's cover with flyer for miss pet . int . grant foyer - moment later starla enter with a shopping bag . the light be off . creepy music play . starla grant ? 30 . no answer . starla try to turn on the light , but nothing happen . starla damn fuse . she pass the door to the garage , notice the lock . int . grant kitchen - moment later starla set down the bag on the counter , look around . starla grant ? again , no one 's here . she see a pot flower on the counter . a green inchworm be crawl up the stem , little by little . she stare at it , as if it 's a portent . she hear a moan , come from upstairs . int . grant bedroom - moment later starla move slowly into this dark room , look for she husband . it seem no one be here . starla grant , where be y -- ? starla turn , when grant pop into frame . starla , startle , scream . grant be sick and tremble . but , worse , he 's be transform . there be small pustule all over he face . starla grant . oh my God . what happen to you -- ? grant heh . it be not as bad as it look , sugarplum . Dr. Carl be just here . I have a reaction to a bee sting . he give I a prescription . Said I should be fine , in a couple day . starla stare at he , mute and horrify . grant do not look at I like that , baby . please ? I be gonna go get my ... prescription fill . grant grab he key off the dresser , put they in he pocket , try to pretend he do not hurt . 31 . starla I will get if for you . grant no ! no. heh . I will be right back . he move outside the door , leave starla , shell - shocked . int . grant garage - day it 's too dark to see much in here , but we do see grant put meat into a garbage bag . ext . grant house - day grant look around to make sure no one 's look , as he place the garbage bag full of meat into he trunk , close it . ext . old barn - evening grant move through the forest , in massive pain , drag the garbage bag . grant come upon the old wooden barn . int . old barn - night grant enter . it be almost completely dark . he hear weeping . chain rattle . grant peer over at Brenda , mostly in silhouette , sit on the nest he have make . she 's chain up and moan through a mouth gag . grant walk to she . her body be horribly pear-shape and misshapen , like some tumorous pregnancy . grant pull she gag away . brenda grant ? grant , I be hungry . I be so fuckin ' hungry I think I be gonna die . grant bring you munchy . grant pour the garbage bagful of rotting meat and dead animal out in front of she . grant be save for a rainy day . closeup : Brenda 's face , still mostly in darkness . she stare at the meat , simultaneously excited and repulse . 32 . she look up at grant . brenda grant , I be sorry if I do something wrong ! I think I gotta -- I think I should go to a hospital ! grant do not respond . Brenda 's eye trail back down to the meat . Brenda 's hand reach out , and grab a maggot - infest pork chop , pull it toward she . we hear , but can barely see , Brenda chowing down on the raw pork in the nearly pitch black barn . int . granth truck - later grant get into he pickup ; he tremble and yelp as he body be wrack with pain and he body start to transform even more . int . grant foyer - night there 's a hard knocking on starla 's door . she swing it open to see Bill and wally stand there , worried . wally try to see inside . wally grant around ? starla no . he go to the pharmacy . wally pharmacy ? starla he 's get a ... rash . Bill and wally exchange a glance -- maybe this mean something . starla can see trevor and Margaret , across the street , talk to another neighbor . bill starla , you know Brenda gutierrez ? starla shake she head . bill maybe she 's ever call the house , or -- ? 33. starla no. what ...? bill she disappear Friday night . we get reason to believe foul play might be involved . wally some kid find she necklace near tipper Creek , as well as what might be she blood on a rock . bill the problem , starla , be , the last person anyone see she talk to be grant . starla look at he , surprised . bill the Deer cheer . and wally and I , we also see he that night , with mud all over he slack . Bill hand she he card . bill have he call I right away , okay ? starla nod , distraught . Bill try to smile kindly before he and wally move out and off to canvas other neighbor ' home . starla close the door behind she , distraught , panicked . she look at the foyer door , lead into the garage . her eye fall down to the floor , where she see what appear to be blood drop stain near the door . she gain courage , and move off toward -- int . grant closet - moment later starla throw open this door . she look at old , unused sport equipment . she grab a aluminum baseball bat . int . grant foyer - moment later starla hold the aluminum bat , stand in front of the door to the garage . she hesitates a moment . but then she swing the bat at the lock on the door . she swing it again , grunting . 34 . and again . finally , the lock be knock off the wooden door . starla push away the useless lock , let it fall to the floor . starla steel herself , and slowly push open the door into the dark garage . as she do , the horrendous stench hit she . terrify , she cover she face with she hand , and enter . int . grant garage - night starla see what 's there : not only a huge stockpile of rotten meat , but a dozen dead pet . they be neatly divide into various category , and label : pork , Ground beef , cat , dog . the wall and doorway have be heavily insulate so the smell do not sink into the home . she look on the floor and see poor , dead roscoe the beagle , he tongue dangle out . starla start to cry . she move quickly back inside . int . grant live room - moment later starla run to the front picture window , and look out onto the street . she can not see any of the cop . she turn from the window and pick up a cordless phone . she look at the card Bill give she , and dial the number . the phone ring , and : sherry ( o.s. ) you have reach Chief pardy at the wheelsy Police Department . please leave a message and you call will be return as soon as possible . there 's a beep . starla try to speak through she sob , pace : starla Bill , it 's starla ! as starla pass the large picture window , she do not see grant stare in at she , he face now that of some disease cephalopod . starla it 's -- I think you better come over right away -- I think grant 's sick , he -- 35 . starla turn to see the monstrous grant through the window . she just stop . they stare at each other for a moment . and then grant let out a furious wail . starla turn and dash toward the back of the house . grant disappear from the window . int . grant foyer - night as starla run through here , she look behind she at the front door to make sure grant be not follow . int . grant hall - night she run past a wall of family photo . int . grant family room - night starla see the door on the rear of the house , lead to the backyard . she arrive at it , and fling it open -- grant be there . he lunge onto she . starla scream and drop the cordless phone , just as it start ringing . grant crawl on top of she body . starla reach for the ringing phone , but he pin she hand above she head . he look into she eye . he 's crying . his voice and breath be sick and raspy . grant why would you betray I , sugarplum ?! starla grant , no ! grant I love you . I love -- starla grant , you be sick ! grant be about to cry . grant I want you by my side , but you -- I can not trust you now ! starla 's weeping , confuse . grant rip he shirt open . starla look down to see the tubule protrude from the 36 . now enormous yellow spore on grant 's chest . the tubule feel over starla 's blouse , and then slip beneath it . it start to poke into she skin . starla noooo ! starla grab the leg of a coffee table beside she . she slam the table into grant 's head . this hurt and surprise he sufficiently to let starla get out from under he . starla grab the cordless phone , which be no longer ringing , and scurries behind the couch . she dial 9 - 1 - 1 . grant thrust the couch aside . starla crawl away again , when grant attack she from behind . he wrap he arm around she neck , pull she back . he look down at she with he sick , angry eye , as he arm -- now apparently jointless -- curl around she like a snake . starla gasp for air . her face turn purple . she hear a slamming on the door . bill ( o.s. ) starla ?!! starla , be you in there ?! starla try to speak but she cannot . suddenly , we hear the front door OPEN . bill ( o.s. ) starla ?! starla , with barely a ounce of life leave in she , see Bill , wally , trevor and Margaret burst into the live room . they be surprised , to say the least , to see this disease humanoid strangling starla from behind . trevor fuck ! the cop , freak out , pull they gun . grant make a screeching SOUND at they . they shoot at grant , nick he . grant jump away from starla , back into the shadow , screeching in anger and pain . starla fall to the floor . grant slip out the back door and away . the cop stare , gape -jaw and freeze with shock ; what the hell be that ?! 37 . starla rub she neck , coughing . Bill pardy run toward the back door . ext . grant home - night Bill run out into the backyard . wally run up behind he . they look around at the tree surround the area . grant be nowhere to be see . we crane up and away from they as we ... fade to black . o.s. sniffling . pastor ( o.s. ) Jesus , this past few day have be a try time for we . int . church - day we pan over a altar where family member have place little item that remind they of Brenda -- photograph , memento , " come home , mommy " card , etc . pastor ( o.s. ) we ask you now for the safe return of we beloved Brenda . everyone in this modest little church have they head bow as the pastor lead the prayer service . pastor we sister . we daughter . we mother . we wife . Brenda 's husband , in the front pew , lose it , crying . his little child , beside he , fiddle in they seat . pastor and we ask that you keep you light alive in she heart , wherever she may be . we ask all this in you name , Lord . amen Bill pardy be here , in full uniform , hat in hand . bill congregation amen . amen . Bill look around the church . he spot starla , in the very back of church , head down , distraught , guilty . 38 . he also see a group of old crone nearby , point at starla , and whisper about she . ext . church parking lot - moment later starla 's high heel clack on the pavement as she move quickly to she car . bill ( o.s. ) starla . starla turn to see Bill come after she . she stop . bill I talk to the cdc . they do not have nothin ' on file consistent with grant 's ... symptom . starla nod . starla how about Brenda ? bill New ? no . we be hope we find grant , he will lead we to she . starla nod . the wind be strong . her hair be fly over she face . tear come to she eye . bill you all right ? starla nod . starla yeah . she move away from he . Bill watch she go . int . police station - day Bill enter . a few cop and secretary be bustling , make phone call , etc . they all look tired , as if they have not sleep . Jack , the mayor , see Bill . jack Bill ! Bill spot he , move quickly toward he . bill shit . 39 . jack Bill , we need to talk ! bill ' mornin ' , Jack . Bill cross the station . Jack follow . jack Bill , this Brenda 's Randy flagg 's niece . we need to find grant yesterday ! the town council have light a Roman candle and stick it up my ass ! bill Hell , Jack , you leisure activity be not my business . jack do not fuck with I , Bill . you post here as Chief be in dire strait you do not work this shit out . they come to a desk with wally and trevor work away . bill do not worry , we will find he . ( to trevor ) anything new ? trevor shake he head . jack how be you go to find he ? bill dude 's a half -squid . ai not many place he can hide . Sea World , maybe . Jack see a secretary make copy nearby . he speak in hushed tone : jack that young lady hear you say ' squid . ' she 's gonna go out and create a goddamn hysteria ! bill sherry , you gonna create a hysteria ? sherry not today , Bill . 40 . jack still , quit that talk ! you yourself say it be dark in there ! you do not know what you see ! trevor we see he arm be all bendy . jack bastard obviously get lyme disease ! bill what ? jack touch some deer fece out in the forest . eat a sandwich without wash you hand . then you get lyme disease . bill and that make you look like a squid ? jack I will tell you what , no one with lyme disease gonna win any damn handsome contest ! Bill , wally , and trevor can not help but snicker . jack well , screw you all for laughin' . shelby ( o.s. ) Bill ! Bill look over at Shelby , on he headset at the dispatch unit . shelby another ranch attack ! up at the castavet ' . Bill nod for trevor and Margaret to get up from they desk . they do , and start to move out with Bill and wally . jack ' ranch a - ' ? what ' ranch attack ' ? ext . cattle ranch - later Pov : a dead rottweiler be lie on its back in the long grass , its gut split open and intestine spilling out , almost perfectly symmetrical . 41 . wally ( o.s. ) it look like one of they psyche test . what do they call it ? Bill and wally be stare at the dog from above . bill Rorschach . wally what do you see ? I see a butterfly . Bill move on through the windswept weed . bill I see we be fuck . Three ranch in three day . Margaret be take measurement and write in a note pad ; she see Bill . margaret so , I think I get it part - way figure . you want to hear it ? Bill nod . margaret so grant -- I mean , we be say this be grant , right ? Bill nod . margaret grant kill a cow right about here . see there 's the blood , musta slit its neck . Margaret walk backward , show the trail of blood in the crush grass . margaret so he drag the cow backwards here . only he probably do not know ' bout the castavet have they dog . trevor ( o.s. ) hey , look ! Bill look over at trevor , stand up between the tall weed , hold a dog 's head in he hand . trevor he knock this and 's head clear over here ! 42 . wally put that down , numbnut ! Bill peer at the various slaughter dog around they . margaret so the dog attack , somehow he slew them all , and he steal off with the cow into the forest . trevor head toward they . Bill look off into the dark forest on the edge of the ranch . bill he 's gotta be in the forest . all three ranch run alongside it . trevor think we should get up a search party , head in there ? wally it 's a hundred thousand acre . be find a needle in a fuckstack . Bill have a realization . he move quickly for he car . bill wally , come on . trevor and Margaret , get some folk together . I think I know where he 's gonna hit next . int . police station - later closeup : a property map of wheelsy be tack to a bulletin board . Red Magic marker circle be around various ranch property on the edge of the city , next to a enormous forest . a finger point to one of the red circle . bill so the night after grant run off , a calf go miss from here , the raglan ' ranch . reveal Bill , stand beside the bulletin board . a posse have gather , listen intently : wally and the usual cop ; Jack ; a older cop , probably pull out of retirement ; and a couple of recruit -- a redneck and a good ol ' boy . Bill point to the next red circle . bill two night ago , a mare be steal from this property , run by fitzgibbon , that old rancher with the cleft palate . 43. wally whisper to Margaret , amused : wally look like a chipmunk . bill you momma be not too proud when you come out neither , wally . Bill point to the next circle . bill and then we get here , the castavet ' , where last night 's shit-storm take place . trevor I see . it 's like as if he 's go in a pattern . be that what you be say , Bill ? Bill nod and point to the next red circle . bill and if he stick to that pattern he will be here next . belong to a family , the strutemyer ' . now I know y'all be tired and you have barely see you family . but we be gonna have to go there tonight , lie low and wait . the posse nod , agree . redneck let 's get that son-of - a-bitch , Chief . bill just remember , we do not know what we be up against here . so let 's be careful . int . police station / armory - day beside a small armory , trevor load a benelli m - 1 super semiautomatic shotgun . Margaret check the site on a remington 700 pss rifle . Bill take a Springfield m-1a pump-action for himself , while wally stuff numerous pistol and ammo into a leather satchel . trevor notice a dusty grenade on a shelf . trevor hey , Bill , we get that grenade we confiscate from they joker want to use it fish for trout ? 44 . Bill look at trevor , consider . bill can not hurt . as trevor put the grenade into a side - pocket on the satchel , Bill see Jack and the older cop , watch . jack I do not know the russkies be invade there , folk . margaret you see this guy , you would wish they be . ext . police station - later the posse load up they vehicle , and start take off out of the parking lot . Bill and wally walk out to they police car . Bill toss the leather satchel into the trunk . they get in the car , Bill start the engine , when -- starla grant pull quickly into the parking lot . Bill roll down the window as she get out of she car and run toward they . starla Bill , I hear what you be do . I think I should go along . bill why ? listen , it do not matter . I gotta go . Bill start to roll away , but starla hold on to the car , follow . starla wait ! dammit , Bill , if that girl 's still out there , how will you find she ? how , unless you bring grant in alive ? you best chance of do that be with I . I can talk to he -- bill he try to kill you , starla . starla he do . I know . but I get he angry ' cause I be not calm . this time I could -- 45 . starla 's on the verge of tear . starla please , Bill . what happen , it 's my fault , I know it . bill starla , it be not -- starla it be . he would be act strange . and the physical change . I should have tell someone right away ... but I be just blind . I want to pretend it be not happen ... if I do not do what I can to help now , I just could not live with it . Bill look at she . he look at wally . wally shrug . Bill nod for starla to get in . int . strutemyer kitchen - evening kylie be blow on a cup of coffee . her mom , dad , and two young sister , age 9 and 11 , be relax after dinner . as kylie 's Mom pick up plate -- kylie' mom kylie ! what would you do to you finger ? kylie 's Mom grab she hand , look at she very long fingernails . they be paint sky blue and spot with minute teddy bear and bumblebee decal . kylie kiri goshima do them . she 's japanese . kylie' dad look like Pokemon do them to I ! kylie 's sister laugh out loud . kylie foreign stuff be classy if you know something . kylie 's family see , out the window , police car pull up by a gravel road . kylie' dad oh. there 's Jack . I want y'all to stay inside tonight . all right ? 46 . kylie 's sister nod . kylie too . ext . strutemyer farmhouse - evening kylie 's dad step onto the front porch of this quaint family farmhouse . he see Jack head toward the ranch , and wave . Jack give a little salute , while mutter to the older cop . jack this turn out to be a mountain lion we be gonna look like a damn bunch of idiot . the redneck and good ol ' Boy make they way to the ranch as well . they see Bill with starla . redneck do not know it be date night . the good ol ' Boy laugh . redneck I will be expect you toss my salad at the end of all this then , Charlie . good ol ' boy shut up . ext . strutemyer ranch - moment later the posse fan out over this grassy land where the cattle graze , find place to hide . the sun set behind they . fade to : ext . strutemyer ranch - night darkness have creep over the ranch , and the beautiful , pastoral scene have become distinctly more sinister . the wind blow hard , whistling through the long weed . a rusty rooster windmill atop the old barn twist and clink on its half - bent perch . a piece of tarp hang down from the barn roof , flapping incessantly against the wooden wall . trevor and Jack ; the redneck and the good ol ' Boy ; and Margaret and the older cop be hide around the ranch , wait , watch or doze . 47 . int . strutemyer barn - night Inside the barn , the wind be only slightly quieter , and it 's darker . Bill , starla , and wally be here . Bill peer out through the doorway at cattle drink from the trough . he look at starla ; she head tilt to the side as she nod off . when she head fall all the way , she snap back up , and catch Bill gaze at she . Bill nod and smile . she do not smile back ; she 's embarrassed and miserable and this be the last place she want to be . they sit there for a moment in the dark . bill hey , starla , remember that time when you be a kid and you come knock on my window in the middle of the night ? wally look at they . bill starla here 's twelve . guess I be fourteen . I say , ' starla , what the hell you do out there ? ' she tell I she 's run away to Hollywood to become a big star . she say she know I be in rotc , and she be gonna need a bodyguard . invite I along . wally laugh . Bill smile . starla be embarrassed , but grudgingly enjoy the story . bill I say , ' starla , if there 's anybody can take care of herself , I think it 's you . I be gonna have to decline . ' wally ( to starla ) how far would you get ? starla about the bus stop . Ranger Rick here call my dad . wally ha ! a cop from the get -go ! you son-of -a-bitch ! starla you fuck up we fame and fortune , Bill pardy . 48 . bill yeah , maybe I do . ext . strutemyer ranch - night Jack smoke a cigarette as he keep a eye out for the cow killer . the burn ember of the cigarette be blow off by the wind . Jack search for it in the dry grass , try to catch it before it start a fire . he crawl forward , slapping the ground , when he glance up and see ... a large , shadowy shape hulk through the tree on the edge of the forest . int . strutemyer barn - night Bill , starla , and wally see grant grant emerge from the forest . he have transformed into something much more monstrous : a giant , gangrenous , slug-like beast , a clump of cell and tumor-like protuberance . he have various tentacle - like - arm grow out of he , like overgrown eye on a potato . as oppose to just have the disease , he now seem to be the disease itself . starla grant ? ext . strutemyer ranch - night Jack and trevor watch in amazement as grant slither across the field , he large , dark , watery eye search out prey . Jack turn to trevor , piss , and whisper : jack you say ' squid ' ! trevor it get worse . the redneck and the good ol ' Boy watch too , mouth drop . the disease grant slither through the grass just a few foot beside Margaret and the older cop . they duck below the grass , look as if they be go to have heart attack . grant approach a cow . the cow make a little moo of protest when he get too close , and step back . the grant-creature stab one of he tentacle growth into the cow 's neck , pierce it . the cow stumble , choke . blood spurt from she neck . and she topple over . 49 . int . strutemyer barn - night Bill and wally stare out the window , motionless . wally what we gonna do now , Bill ? cuff will not even fit on ' im . starla muster courage . she stand , and move out of the barn . bill starla , where you ...? ext . strutemyer ranch - night grant wrap a feeler around the cow 's horn , and start drag it back in the direction of the forest . int . strutemyer barn - night Bill motion through the barn window to Margaret . ext . strutemyer ranch - night Margaret motion to trevor . trevor motion to the recruit . and starla move slowly in toward grant . starla grant ? grant turn and look at she with he half - human eye . his breathe be loud , raspy , and sick . he see , in a wide circle around he , the nervous posse stand up , they gun at the ready . starla move even closer . Bill and wally be come in close behind she . starla grant ? it 's okay . as starla and the posse get closer , grant look almost scared . his eye dart around from cop to cop . starla you be just sick be all . but we will take you to get help right now . I will stay by you side , grant , just like I swore I would . for better or worse . remember ? 50 . grant 's huge milky eye betray that he do . starla okay ? the posse inch in closer , tightening the circle . grant let out a piercing screech of protest . all of the posse stop , terrify . everything be quiet and still except for grant 's gross breathe . deep : in , out . starla okay , grant ? it 's gonna be all right . grant screech again : a warning . he look from starla to Bill , with hurt , jealous eye , and growls . then grant 's eye close to half - mast , and he turn away . his tentacle tighten around the cow 's horn , and he again drag it toward the forest . while Bill try to decide what to do , the good ol ' Boy nervously block grant 's path . he aim he pistol at he . good ol ' boy you stop right there , you son of a bitch . I do not care what kinda leprosy you get . we need to find that girl . now you can make this peaceful , or you can make it hard . pause . grant and the good ol ' Boy stare at each other . and then grant snap out a tentacle - arm , whipping it up the front of the man 's body , and back . the front of the good ol ' Boy 's whole body be split neatly in half . for a split second , he remain alive : the two different side of he split head look down in disbelief as he organ spill out from inside he . and then he topple over . bill Fire ! Fire ! the posse shoot at grant . starla cover she head . grant be strike ; he screech in pain . he let go of the cow . he slither with incredible speed off toward the forest . Bill and the other posse member take off after he like hound on the heel of they prey . they shoot madly . 51 . starla watch as the posse follow grant into the wood . starla stand alone and worried a moment , and then she dart off after they . int . kylie' bathroom - night kylie be run a bath . she hear gunshot echo in the distance . she peer out a little window above the tub , try to see where the shot be come from . ext . forest - night the posse run through this very dark forest after grant , leaping over brush and rock . they be nervous , but also excited , as the primordial hunt urge take over . they eye be fill with anger and bloodlust . they be able to follow grant only by catch glimpsis -- a flash of flesh between tree , a tentacle disappear around brush . wally there he be ! over there ! they FIRE at the creature , take chunks out of tree , but miss . he 's too fast . ext . creek - night grant slip around a boulder and splashes through a creek , and into the plentiful tree beyond . he rustle thick frond as he move up alongside the creek . the posse run up the creek itself , splash , try to peer through the leave to get a shot at grant . Jack , carry he revolver , trip and fall in the creek . he cut he knee on a sharp rock . he stand , and keep go . they come to -- ext . forest clearing - night the posse come up out of the creek . they have completely lose track of the disease man-beast . they stop , out - of -breath and look around . they whisper : 52 . trevor where would he go ? margaret we be not never gonna find that girl now . the redneck be weeping with rage . redneck I will kill that asshole what he do to Charlie . Bill see starla run up behind they . he wave she back . bill starla , get the hell out of here ! starla take a couple step back , but do not leave . she watch there , half in shadow as the posse creep around , search for some trail of grant . Margaret look down into the bubbling creek . she see it 's turn red . she look up the trail of red , which be rippling downhill in the water . the red flow start somewhere near a boulder . Bill and wally be search in front of the boulder . Margaret sees , but they do not , grant pull himself up on a tree branch and rising behind they . blood from a shotgun wound be drip into the creek . grant , piss , lift a tentacle . margaret Bill !! Bill turn as the tentacle swing down toward he . he fall back ; the tentacle slashes inch from he face . Bill blast he shotgun up at grant , but grant be already slithering swiftly back into the thick brush . the posse squeeze themselves though the brush , follow . ext . old barn - night the posse emerge on the other side of the brush , only to be confront by a terrible odor . they cover they nose and mouth as they face shrivel in disgust . trevor what the hell 's that smell ? wally it 's something dead . 53. the posse gaze up at the old ramshackle barn where grant have bring Brenda . jack it 's come from in there , be not it ? Margaret look at Bill . margaret think he 's inside ? Bill take the lead , carefully approach the barn . the posse follow , they weapon draw . the closer they get to the barn , the more unbearable the smell become . only Bill , intent on the task in front of he , do not react to the stench at all . Bill lean he ear in close to the front door , and listen . through the door he can hear a quiet sobbing . Bill and wally exchange a look . Bill step back . he and wally aim they shotgun at the door . Bill nod to Margaret , and gesture for she to open it . starla watch all this from the rear . Margaret swing open the door . int . old barn - night Bill and wally move cautiously but quickly inside . but they stop suddenly , in disgust and horror . bill oh ... it 's Brenda . and she do not look good . her weepy little head be stick to the front of a huge fleshy orb , which be what she body have become . this enormous ball of flesh be nine or ten foot tall . vestigial finger protrude from the side . she be utterly immobile . her flesh sloshes , slightly and constantly ; a thousand snake seem to be slithering beneath she thin , tight , bruise skin . the woman be in great pain . she sob . her mouth and chin be stain with blood . the posse and starla enter behind Bill and wally and be equally astound . older cop oh , shit ! they see the source of the awful stench : 54 . Brenda be encircle by the rotting carcass of cow and horse and forest critter . they be mostly skeletal , as they have be largely devoure . they be swarm with fly . the stench be so bad the posse cover they face with the bottom of they shirt . the sobbing Brenda look desperately at Bill and wally . brenda something 's wrong with I . wally uh , yeah . Bill and wally get in a little closer . bill Brenda , um ... brenda I do not want no one to be see I like this . as the posse inch closer , Brenda 's whole body suddenly lurch forward a bit -- like whatever 's inside she be try to get out and to the posse . Brenda scream in agony . the posse jump back . they stare as she recompose herself . brenda how be my boy , Bill ? be they all right ? bill boy be fine , Brenda . uh , what 's -- what 's happen here , exactly ? brenda I be so fuck hungry , Bill . I be so hungry . I just never know anybody could be so hungry . Brenda try to smile in a way she might charm she daddy into give she candy . this be creepy as hell . brenda would you mind hand I a piece of that possum there at you foot ? Little bit ? trevor gag and run out of the barn . ext . old barn - night trevor vomit into some bush . 55 . int . old barn - night Bill eye poor Brenda . bill I think we best get you to a hospital right quick . wally what the fuck they gonna do with she in a hospital , Bill ? again , Brenda scream . her body lurch forward . older cop why 's she do that ?! redneck her tumor be move . jack Bill , get she to stop that shit ! brenda it hurt ! her body lurch forward again . she sob . brenda help I !! help !! and then again . starla notice that Brenda 's skin be start to split and tear on she side . starla Bill ! brenda Little fucker be tear I aparrrr - ! Brenda scream like a woman give a thousand evil birth at once and she body rip OPEN in one part ; and then , in quick succession , another , and another . Bill look out one of the window . grant be peer in at they , smile . bill he lead we here . and then Brenda 's body burst OPEN completely , like a water balloon hit cement , and thousand of little slithering eyeless parasite with slippery black -re skin like slug spill forth . the horrid creature , eight inch long and a few inch thick , swarm over the posse , completely cover they before they can react . 56 . ext . old barn - night trevor see the thing flooding over the posse in the barn . the parasite be especially draw to the posse 's head . because there be so many , the weight of the beast knock most of they down . trevor run , but the thing make it out the doorway , cover he like lava in one million b.c. , and he buckle . int . old barn - night a parasite slither quickly and fluidly into wally 's mouth . he gag on it . his eye flip back up into he head , and he body start to spasm . Jack try to pull one away from he face , but it 's too slippery and it disappear inside he mouth . his body , too , convulse , and he spit up blood . Bill notice the parasite slithering into the mouth of the redneck and the older cop as well ; white of they eye , body convulse , spew blood . Bill see the thing ooze up Margaret 's neck . bill Margaret , cover you mouth ! Bill see trevor outside the door in the dirt , try to slap the parasite off . Bill yell to everyone : bill do not let them in you mouth ! one start to get in Bill 's mouth as he speak , but he slap it aside . Margaret pull she shirt over she face . starla shriek . she put she hand over she mouth as the parasite rush up she . she 's knock over , and fall back onto the floor . a parasite slither between starla 's lip -- when , suddenly , a knife thrust down , pin the creature to the dirt , stop it from ooze further into starla . Bill be hold the knife in one hand , he other hand firmly over he mouth . Bill swat more income parasite away from starla 's mouth . he cover she mouth with he free hand . he lie on top of she , mush they body and face as closely together as possible so the thing do not get into they . the parasite swarm all over they , flap they slimy little tail as they try to fight they way inside they mouth . but Bill hold tight to himself and starla . 57 . eventually , the parasite give up on Bill and starla , and begin to slither away . Bill watch as they crawl off the posse and filter out of the barn in a squirmy mound . eventually , they be go . Bill take he hand from starla 's mouth . starla look around . she see Margaret lift she face from the ground , shiver , hold she shirt over she mouth . they gaze out the front door of the barn . ext . old barn - night trevor pull he face from the dirt and stand . he spit violently and wipe the dirt off he tongue with he wrist . trevor they want we to eat them ! why would they want that !? int . old barn - night Bill be try to make sense of it all . he gaze down at Brenda 's body , she bloody skin and misshapen skeleton spread out over the floor , split open like a enormous bloody tiger rug . he look around at the posse lie on the floor in mangle position , they mouth and lip cover in blood , still lightly convulse . he gaze out into the forest to see the parasite rush away like a ugly wormy army , shaking the brush as they head off in different direction . CUT to : ext . strutemyer ' ranch - night parasite crawl over rock and out of the forest and onto the ranch . the strutemyer farmhouse loom nearby . int . kylie' bathroom - night kylie be take a steamy bubble bath . her head be back , she eye shut ; she 's enjoy the warm water . the tub faucet drip lightly in a uneven rhythm . ext . strutemyer ' farmhouse - night the parasite squirm up the side of the house , stick to the wood siding . 58 . int . kylie' bathroom - night kylie glance out the window beside the tub , at the starry sky and crescent moon , beautiful and still . there 's a knock on the bathroom door . kylie turn toward the door -- as she do , a parasite crawl across the window behind she , streaking a moist slimy trail . kylie' mom kylie ! you be gonna turn into a plum in there ! kylie prune , Mom . plum turn into prune . int . strutemyer ' hallway - night kylie 's Mom be at the bathroom door . kylie' mom I know what turn into what . you get school tomorrow . finish up in there and get to bed . o.s. kylie grunt in vague agreement . kylie 's Mom trot down the hall , to another door . she knock once , then open the door to -- int . strutemyer girl ' bedroom - night kylie 's young sister lie in single bed , read goosebump by bed -lamp clipped to the headboard . kylie' mom time to turn in , lady . kylie' sister 1 just a couple more page , Mom ? kylie' mom come on now . the girl sigh in lazy protest , but still turn off they read lamp . kylie' mom g'night . kylie' sister 1 kylie' sister 2 night , mom. night . 59 . ext . strutemyer ' farmhouse - night through the window we see kylie 's Mom start to close the door . kylie' mom sleep tight . do not let the bed bug bite . numerous parasite slither into frame , up the side of the house , approach the girl ' bedroom window , which be open a few inch for air . int . strutemyer girl ' bedroom - night kylie 's Mom shut they door completely . the girl turn on they side and close they eye to sleep . and the parasite pour in through the crack window . they slither over the wall . they slimy black -re body contrast sharply with the pretty flower wallpaper . int . kylie' bathroom - night the door crack open , and a parasite enter . it slither silently over the linoleum tile . it arrive at the base of the tub , and crawl up the side . kylie continue relax , she eye close . she do not see the parasite enter the soapy bath water at she foot . kylie hear a soft splashing and peer down . she spot the creature swim toward she between she knee . kylie shriek and scramble up to get out of the tub . as she clamor out , she slip and fall to the floor . the parasite squirm up kylie 's wet naked back . kylie shriek again , jump up as she try to slap the thing off . kylie Mom !! the parasite wind toward she lip . kylie go to grab it with both hand , but it slip through they . the thing slide into kylie 's mouth as she look down at it . kylie snatch the very end of the parasite 's tail . her long , teddy - bear-spott fingernails pinch it there , digging into the parasite 's flesh , barely stop it from slide completely into she mouth . it wildly flap its tail like a dock trout , desperate to enter she . 60 . kylie fall to she knee . her eye roll back in she head , and she body spasm while she hold tenuously onto the very tip of the parasite 's tail . we track in to a closeup of kylie 's face : a slight white electrical - telepathic charge can be see sparking inside she mouth . flash to : kylie' vision we be rushing through some amoebic landscape , past microbe and cytoplasm and cell , and to : kylie' vision - series of image - creature's Pov perhaps the memory of some creature not of earth . its eyesight be not like we own ; it 's in grainy black and white and amber outline . various image flash in quick succession , include the follow : -- we be on top of a alien animal , pin it down . it howl beneath we as we tear into its flesh , feast . -- all around we , disease monstrous beast feed on more alien animal . they lunge toward they and pin they down , rip they apart , like some National geographic documentary shot in Hell . -- in fast motion , unfamiliar plant life around we grow sick and wither , die out . -- a group of disease monstrous beast cry out in uniform pain . they buckle to they knee ; now they be die . -- the disease beast feed on they own appendage . back to scene kylie try to regain control of she mind . her eye fight against flipping back in she head . tear pour down she face . she pull the parasite out just a bit . but then it slam back into she and there be more SPARKS inside she mouth -- kylie' vision - series of image - mangle insect Pov -- we be climbing up through a creamy , gelatinous yellow . a open slit widen in front of we , and we see grant slowly bend to look at we , the forest behind he . 61 . kylie' vision - series of image - granth Pov -- we watch starla soap herself in the shower . -- we make love to starla , we hand on she face . -- we sit over a convulse Brenda , impregnate she with we tubule . -- we see the posse member come in toward we . back to scene with a last , desperate effort , kylie yank at the exhaust worm , pull it fully from she mouth . it flap in she finger . kylie spit up blood . kylie toss the parasite away from she . though slightly crippled , the little bastard writhes back toward she . kylie spot she curling iron on the counter ; it 's plugge in , the red light be on . she grab it , and swing it into the wormy thing . the parasite squeak and tremble with pain . smoke rise from it as kylie dig the curling iron in deeper , burn it , and , finally , kill it . kylie lift the iron in front of she and look at it . the dead parasite be stick to it , dangle from the metal . kylie Mom !!! kylie drop the iron . she quickly step into she clothes lie on the floor . she run out of the bathroom and into -- int . strutemyer ' hallway - night kylie run to the stairway . kylie Mom !! Mom !!! kylie stop . dozen of the thing be slithering up the stair and up the handrail towards she . o.s. kylie hear she sister ' scream . she look in they direction , run toward they room . kylie Emily !! Jenna !! kylie toss open she sister ' door . 62 . int . strutemyer girl ' bedroom - night kylie 's youngest sister be on she knee on the bed , a parasite stick out of she mouth . her eye be roll back . her arm flail spastically . the slithering beast wag its tail as it disappear down she throat . kylie 's other sister be back into a corner , with parasite crawl up she body . she 's scream bloody hell , try to slap they off . kylie run toward she to help . kylie slap the parasite off she sister . but there 's too many and they be too fast . they slide into she sister 's mouth . kylie no !! nooo !! her sister 's eye flip back in she skull as the thing disappear completely , and she start spitting up blood . kylie see the parasite around the room come at she . there 's a clear path toward a window . kylie run to the window , and shove it open . as the thing approach she , she crawl out -- ext . strutemyer ' farmhouse awning - night kylie step onto this shingle , angle canopy over the front porch . she turn to see the parasite slithering out towards she . she look down . it 's probably too far to jump , but she have no choice . so she jump down onto -- ext . strutemyer ' front lawn - night kylie land , hard , tumble over . she glance back at the front of the house . through the kitchen window she see she Mom and dad , eye roll back , convulse , spitting up blood . more parasite be crawl towards kylie through the grass . she spot she family 's old love pickup truck on the driveway in front of she . she break for it . she throw open the front door , and jump inside . the thing approach , crawl in after she . kylie try to slam the door shut , but it will not ; many thing be stick in the door jamb . 63. they squeak in a chorus of pain , try to wriggle toward she . so she slam the door again , and again , and she slice the little bastard in half . int . pickup truck - night kylie make sure none be inside . she feel for the key in the ignition . there be not any . the creature crawl up and over all the pickup 's window , try to get in . slithery shadow cover over kylie , leave she in almost complete darkness . kylie crouch down in on herself , and wail . int . old barn - night starla , trevor , and Margaret stand , wide - eye and shake . all three seem to be in some mild state of shock . Bill , suppress he desperation , be try to make contact on he police radio . bill 11 - 41 . we be gonna need paramedics out here right away . we get four man down . Bill listen for a response , but there 's only static . he press the button again . bill Shelby , you there ? still , only static . Bill try another frequency . bill Shelby , this be Bill . we get a emergency here . static . bill goddammit . Bill step outside the doorway , to see if he can get reception . trail off : bill Shelby ? 64 . starla see wally 's body on the floor . his skin be white and corpse-like . his mouth be streak with blood . starla crouch beside he , and take he pulse . her hand be visibly shaking . margaret be he alive ? starla look at Margaret , and nod . margaret praise Jesus . trevor ' praise Jesus ? ' that 's fuck push it , Margaret . trevor look about to cry . trevor what the hell be that thing ?! you ever see anything like that ? you ever hear of anything like that ? Margaret shake she head . trevor look at starla , who also shake she head . trevor I neither . and I watch ' Animal Planet ' all the fuckin ' time ! Bill re-enter . bill no reception out here . starla Bill , I will run out to you car , call for paramedics from there . margaret that 's a long way . they worm be out there . starla I will keep my mouth cover . bill no. I will go . the three of you , you wait here . get this folk , out of the barn . the stench and rot can not be any good for them . Margaret and trevor nod . as Bill start to leave , starla grab he . 65 . starla be careful , Bill . Bill nod . make a feeble attempt at a smile . he jog off into the forest . ext . forest clearing - moment later Bill run into the small glade , and look around , try to remember which way he come from . he gaze between some greenery , some distance away , and spy a long - lash deer munch on foliage . a couple more deer and a fawn be eat as well . Bill look at they a moment , peaceful , perhaps a sign of some hope ... and then a parasite crawl up the deer 's neck and slither into its mouth . parasite crawl up the body and neck of the deer behind it . the deer buck and flounce and scratch try to get the thing off of they . Bill run away as fast as he can . ext . old barn - night trevor and Margaret carry Jack out of the barn . he 's bloat , corpse- like and cover in varicose vein . Margaret be wear a gag-like swatch of clothing tie around she mouth , to protect themselves . trevor 's gag be down around he chin so he can chatter . trevor it 's get to be some goddamn biological weapon . government 's testin' them out on we ! ' Cause who give a shit if wheelsy disappear , right ?! they set down Jack and head back toward the barn . trevor I hope it be not contagious . I will be piss as hell I turn into a big mollusk . I will fuckin ' sue , I swear to God . starla , also wear a gag , be kneel beside wally , who be similarly sick and bloat . his lip be parched and crack . starla squeeze a wet cloth , drip all the water onto wally 's lip . then she stand , and head toward the creek . 66 . she do not see wally open he eye behind she . he sit up , and stare over at starla with milky eye as she kneel down beside the water . starla dip the swatch of clothing into the creek , be - wetting it . she stand , and turn , only to see wally directly in front of she , stand between tree , almost completely cover in darkness . wally hey , sugarplum . pause . starla pull the gag from she mouth . starla what ? wally speak with grant 's cadence . wally Marriage . it 's a sacred bond . just like you say . starla stare at he . wally almost look weepy . wally I be sorry ' bout try to strangle you and all . I lose -- lose my head . I do not want to do none of the thing I do . not kill they pet . not make Brenda a womb . but it 's my nature , be not it ? how can you blame a one for actin ' accord to he nature ? starla , too freak to speak , take a step back from he . wally I want to tell you what be go on . but I do not - do not think you would love I no more . I never know ... love , starla , I -- trevor and Margaret be set down the older cop . they see wally stand . Margaret pull down she gag . margaret wally ? wally turn and stare at she like some angry animal . margaret you all right ? wally do not answer . 67 . margaret maybe you better sit back down . you do not look so good . trevor Margaret . trevor 's stare at something . Margaret follow he eye line . Jack and the older cop be sit up , stare at she , just like wally . the redneck stumble into the barn doorway , also stare at they . ext . strutemyer ' farmhouse / int . pickup truck - night kylie be still alone in the love truck . the window be clear ; the parasite have abandon they quest , just as they do with the posse in the barn . but kylie stay in the car , tremble , afraid to leave . she hear a door OPEN . she see she parent and she sister come stumbling out the front door of she home . they be also bloat and disease . they chin and shirt be stain with the blood they spit up . kylie' dad kylie , honey , you okay ? come on out . her family lumber up to the truck . they peer in with they milky eye . her youngest sister push she face up close to the window . kylie' sister 2 hi , kylie . it 's I . her family try the door handle , but they be lock . kylie' mom open the door , sweetie . I know we do not look so good , but you mommy and daddy love you . kylie get away !! kylie' mom now , kylie , there 's no excuse why not to be with you family . this be family fun day , be not it ? they continue rattling the door handle , over and over . they slap the window . kylie sob . her sister speak in a singsongy voice : 68 . kylie' sister 1 kyyy -leee , this be you last cha - ance . her dad lean over and pick up a large rock . he carry it toward the truck . he hold it up over the windshield . kylie scream as he smashes it down . the windshield crack , but do not shatter . he hold it up again . ext . forest near strutemyer be - night Bill , out of breath , run out of the forest -- ext . strutemyer ' ranch - night Bill emerge on the edge of the ranch , stretch five or six acre out in front of he . on the other side of the field be the gravel road , where he police car be park . beside the field be the strutemyer 's farmhouse . Bill hear a crash . he turn to see the disease strutemyer in they driveway , all hold rock now , smash the pickup 's window . bill hey ! the strutemyer stop , mid-sw . they turn toward he . kylie see Bill through the rear windshield . she unlock the door , and jump out of the car . bill what 's -- ? kylie run past she family and up to Bill . she grab onto he , and hide behind he , weeping . bill what 's go on here ? kylie 's dad 's cadence be also like grant 's : kylie' dad well , hello there , pardy . bill what happen to you , dwight ? kylie 's dad look down at he own bloat arm . kylie' dad poison ivy out back , maybe ? 69 . kylie' sister we be itchy ! kylie be obviously in shock . kylie they be not my ... they kill ... bill okay . y'all just wait in this spot . I be gonna call the paramedics for you . kylie can come with -- rancher ( o.s. ) hey there , killer . Bill turn to see the rancher with the cleft palate , now disease , hold a shovel . he swing it into Bill , knock he down . kylie scream . her family run in toward they . she look around to see a couple more diseased ranchers rush toward they through the field . the cleft palate rancher stand over Bill and raise the shovel to bring it down again . Bill feel for he shotgun , which have fall into the dirt beside he . he yank the trigger . the blast hit the rancher in the foot . he buckle . Bill stand , pull kylie with he as the other disease folk rush toward they through the field . bill come on . Bill and kylie dash toward the cluster of car as the disease chase they . ext . old barn - night the infect posse -- wally , Jack , the older cop , and the redneck recruit -- be all come in towards trevor and Margaret . margaret now , what would I say ?! y'all just sit down ! you need to get some goddamn rest ! you be sick ! starla watch this , by herself , next to the creek . she eye a rifle in the dirt . 70 . Jack grab a fistful of trevor 's hair and restrain he arm . wally pull he pistol from they holster and toss they into the dirt . trevor let go !! Margaret go to grab she pistol , when the redneck open he mouth wide and -- gleek ; that be , he send a yellowish globby - stream shoot out of the back of he throat . the glob splashes on Margaret 's hand . Margaret scream , drop the pistol . margaret it burn !! Margaret look at she hand as the gleek - liquid sink into she skin . the hand be swell monstrously . it 's soft . part of it be nearly drip off the bone . margaret what would you do to my fuckin ' hand ?! Jack open he mouth and gleek too -- shoot the stream - glob forward and onto she neck . Margaret scream again , grab onto she neck . Margaret try to speak , but she struggle just to breathe , as she neck puff up , impede she thorax . older cop meat . the older cop bury he finger into she neck . the puffy flesh come off easily ; it 's soft , almost creamy . he stuff the flesh into he mouth , eat it . as Margaret topple over , die , the other posse member turn to look at a very freak - out trevor . the redneck open he mouth at he , when -- starla ( o.s. ) let he go ! the posse turn and see starla , who have make she way over to where the rifle be on the ground , and be now point the rifle at the posse , tremble . starla trevor , come on . surprise , they release trevor . starla what would you do to she ?! 71 . Jack stare at starla . he too speak with grant 's cadence . jack there you go , sugarplum ! why you choose camp ' fore you hear -- jack redneck both side of the story !? both side of the story !? starla why be you talk like grant ?! the posse move toward she . starla be crying . the posse make a collective screeching sound , then speak again : wally ' Cause I be grant ! wally redneck I be you husband -- I be you husband , goddammit -- jack you swore to honor and obey -- older cop redneck obey I -- obey I , so put that goddamn gun down . starla do not come any closer . I will ... shoot . wally you be not gonna shoot I ! you always need I to protect you ! you for damn sure be not get the ball to -- starla blast wally , blow open a big crater into he face . wally fall to he knee . starla and trevor look on in shock , as they see ... a slithering parasite squirming out of the crater on he face -- out of the wally 's brain . the little thing squirm down wally 's body and slither off quickly into the wood . wally fall over , dead . the sick posse look at starla , surprised , infuriate . and then they leap at she . starla try to shoot they . but she 's out of ammo . 72 . she and trevor turn and dash away as quickly as they leg can take they . ext . tree - thick forest - night trevor and starla run in a zigzag pattern through tree roote closely together , panicked , breathe heavy . trevor oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit ! ext . strutemyer ' ranch - night Bill and kylie arrive at he police car . Bill throw the door open , and shove kylie inside . as he start to get in , he turn to see the two little girl close in . one open she mouth and gleek -- it shoot out and land on the car right beside Bill 's hand . the other little girl open she mouth to gleek as Bill jump into the driver 's seat . he slam the door shut just as the oozy liquid splashes on the window beside he . Bill be gross - out by this , but he do not have much time . he go to reload he shotgun , when he remember . bill shit. ammo 's in the trunk . he grab the police radio . bill trevor ! Margaret ! ext . tree - thick forest - night trevor turn and see Jack , the redneck , and the older cop leap powerfully over the brush behind they , come in fast . but he 's able to grab onto he radio . trevor they kill Margaret ! ext . strutemyer ' ranch - night kylie 's two sister jump onto the hood , screeching . they slam rock on the windshield . kylie scream . bill ( into radio ) where be you ?! 73. trevor ( o.s. ) we be come you way , man ! Bill jam the car forward , knock the sister off the hood . then he slam on the brake . he look back and see the two little girl run toward the car again . and he see the mass of disease ranch family also run toward the car . kylie be scream and crying . kylie go! go! please ! but , instead , of pull forward on the gravel road , Bill turn up and onto the ranch itself -- back towards the run disease . bill my friend be still in the forest . Bill speed the police car over the dirt field , try to avoid approach rancher . some leap at the car , hold on and get toss aside . Bill zoom back toward the tree . just as Bill get a little headway on the disease , the car get stick in some mud . the wheel spin , spraying mud , as the infect approach . int . tree - thick forest - night starla look back to see Jack right behind she . ext . strutemyer ' ranch - night the infect arrive at the car . Bill just let he foot off the gas , and sit there , let the rancher leap onto the car . kylie look at Bill , panicked by he choice to do nothing . bill we need they weight . Bill slam down the gas again , and the car zoom forward . the disease get knock off . bill dumbshit . Bill rush toward the tree of the forest . 74 . int . forest - night starla keep run , when she trip and fall . she look down to see she stumble over old barb wire fencing , now long fall and curling on the forest floor . starla force herself up , as Jack close in . Jack grab onto she blouse , screeching furiously . when he hear something and look over to see : Bill 's police car , cruise over the forest floor , directly toward he . Jack , frighten , let go of starla . he 's about to get hit when -- the police car suddenly stop , jamme between two tree , inch from Jack . Jack smile , and move toward Bill -- but starla rise behind he , hold a sharp rusty stake from the barb - wire fence . she thrust it forward , hard ; and it pop out the front of Jack 's neck . Jack turn to look at starla , and topple over into the leave . Bill back the car out from between the tree . he see the older cop and redneck come in toward they . bill come on ! trevor and starla get into the car . the older cop watch they back away and yell : older cop starla !! ext . road away from forest - moment later the police car pull up and out of the forest . the car be in bad shape . steam rise from the smashed grill . Bill look to he side ; he 's down a bit from the strutemyer ' ranch . he pull away , head back toward town . the foursome sit in a stupefy daze . starla 's beside Bill . trevor and kylie be in the back . Bill grab the police radio . bill Shelby ? 75 . nothing . static . everyone note this , worried . Bill try again : bill Shelby , you there ? for a moment , there 's nothing . and then : shelby ( o.s. ) yo , Chief . how y'all doin ' ? Bill and starla look at each other , relieved . int . police station - night Shelby sit at the police operator 's unit , peppy . shelby you dig that rat out of the hole ? intercut police car and station bill listen , you get any report of ... I do not know what you call them . they look like big slug , only fast . shelby slug ? no . ' less you talkin ' about that new waitress down at sloan 's ! ha ha ! bill Shelby -- shelby oh , shit ! I hope she be not a police radio aficionado . if so , I apolog - bill Shelby , shut up . keep a eye out for this thing . if you see them , keep you mouth cover . otherwise they will go straight down it . all right ? Shelby look confuse , and nod . bill be you nodd ? shelby yeah . 76 . bill I can not hear when you be nodd . shelby sorry . bill we will be there in ten minute . Bill hang up . kylie be clutching onto herself , hollow - eye , in deep shock . she mutter , almost unintelligibly : kylie the worm be in they brain . starla , Bill , and trevor look at she . insert - forest the camera track quickly forward , through the forest , and to a closeup on the redneck , who be hunch over Margaret 's body , eat she flesh . match CUT to a cat scan of the redneck's head : a parasite be imbed into he brain ; its tail hang down he spine , wag just a bit . kylie ( o.s. ) drivin ' them around ... back to the police car Bill stare at kylie like she 's insane . starla she 's right . we see one -- one come out of wally 's head . trevor yeah . sort of he eye , it come out there -- starla kylie , how do you -- kylie be rock back and forth . starla kylie , how do you know that ? kylie shake she head . she do not want to answer . bill kylie , honey . please . ( more ) 77 . bill ( cont 'd ) a lot of bad thing have happen to you today , we know . but we need you help to find out what 's go on . kylie cry . kylie I be in the bath . it try to go inside I and I -- for a minute I become it . bill the worm ? kylie I get it out . trevor what be they ? kylie part of he . bill who ? ( pause ) who ? kylie Mrs. grant 's husband . starla stare at she . kylie but not always . I be -- he be ... other stuff too . starla what other stuff ? kylie kind of point at the sky . trevor he 's a fuck martian ?! bill a martian be from Mars , trevor . kylie try to think . kylie for real it look like a needle . its real face . but it always got another . ( more ) 78 . kylie ( cont 'd ) he go from place to place , world ... planet ... kill them . he take over half of what 's alive and eat the other half . till they be go . they stare at she , freak out . kylie now he 's here . he go in Mr. grant . starla through a wound on he stomach ? kylie nod . kylie he take he over . his body . his -- he brain , everything what he know . he 's only be dumb stuff before - amoeba-things , and rhino-things . he like be human . do not want to change . starla and you say the worm be part of he . they be all link , like one creature ? kylie when one see you they all see you . starla a animal that do not procreate . it spread , grow . a live disease . bill ( to kylie ) so the way to stop this thing be to stop grant ? kylie shrug . the police car start chugging . bill shit . the car slow , and come to a stop . ext . road toward wheelsy - moment later Bill , starla , kylie , and trevor step slowly out of the car . they look around the desert road . 79 . the wide - open night be shroud in darkness . quiet . they can see the light of wheelsy down the road in front of they . Bill speak into the radio again , as he get he leather satchel of weaponry out of the trunk . trevor grab ammo from the satchel to reload he pistol . bill Shelby , we break down on 22 , a mile outside town . come pick we up . shelby ( o.s. ) I get to leave my post . bill do it . moment later the foursome walk down the road , toward the city . starla and Bill be in the lead . bill hey , starla . she look at he . bill be always curious why you ... marry grant in the first place ... just never seem outta love . starla I know what people say , Bill . I ... remember , back in high school I work at my father 's gas station ? Bill nod . starla grant use to get fill up every day . I know it be just to see I . he be too old -- but he be handsome . and he have that big ol ' lincoln then . I flirt with he . bill well , big ol ' lincoln , sure . guess I would have flirt with he too . starla smile , think . 80 . starla my father , he be -- he be real close to evil . people do not know . still do not . from the time I be a toddler he would beat the hell out of I . I do not mean just like a smack for smart- mouth ... he take a real enjoyment in it . and when I turn eleven or twelve , thing ... well , they get worse . starla look at Bill , who seem strike . bill when you want to run away , I call you dad . starla that be not a good night , no . bill I be sorry . starla shrug it off . starla anyway , grant roll in one day . I fill he tank with like a eighth - a-gallon as usual . and he notice my lip 's all swollen up , and start ask I how it happen . I do not know why I choose then , why grant -- I guess I see a opportunity . and I tell he everything , first time I tell anyone . grant be furious . he pick up a tire iron , walk straightaway into the garage , and beat my father half to death . you say it 's not about love , Bill . but that be the close thing to it I ever know . pause . starla grant ask I to marry he a few week later . I feel ... safe with he . Bill nod . starla look at he , smile . starla after all this shit tonight , I know for sure now you regret not run off with I to Hollywood ! 81 . bill Hell , starla . I always regret that . starla look at he , move . trevor look at kylie , shiver and terrify . trevor do not worry , kid . pretty soon , we will be in town , everything will be fine . ext . wheelsy CITY limit - night a slithering parasite squirm over a paint-chipped sign that read " welcome to wheelsy , south CAROLINA , the wheel of the future , " feature early - ' sixty graphic of a utopian future . the camera move down to the road , where hundred of slithering parasite squirm into the city . they divide off in thin line head toward the various home . we move up to a window on a SMALL house , through which we can see a overweight woman in spasm with a slithering thing in she mouth . we pan to the window of the home next door , where we can see a family gather around a corpse , feast on he goopy flesh . ext . road toward wheelsy - night starla what 's that ? we foursome look up to see a buick century park at a haphazard angle in the middle of the road . the driver 's side door be open . the headlight be still on . they look at each other . Bill take he flashlight off he belt and aim it in front of he . they all slowly approach the car , in the darkness . Bill aim he flashlight into the buick . the key be still there , but no one 's inside . trevor look at the grill of the car . it 's dent . trevor they musta hit a deer . probably get out to see if it 's okay . Bill and the other look around . 82. Bill hear a lapping sound behind he . he turn , aim the flashlight downward . a diseased deer be lap a thick purple tongue on the wound of a dead man . the sick creature be mostly hairless and pink and cover in vein . bulbous black eye hang on the side of its head like a goldfish 's . the disease deer glance up at Bill and growls a low growl . bill fuck I . the deer spring upward , bring he hoof into Bill 's chest . Bill be knock violently to the gravel , drop he shotgun and satchel . the deer rear back and bring he hoof down into Bill again . they crack Bill 's head against the hard road . kylie , trevor , and starla see disease deer come in at they from different direction . the deer screech like die rabbit . trevor bambi-rat ! trevor aim he pistol at a deer jump toward he . he shoot , miss . the deer knock he down . the deer stomp he foot , rear up and down on trevor 's rib , almost like a little dance . the deer tear at trevor 's sleeve with decidedly carnivorous tooth , force he into let go of he gun . kylie scream . she dive into a small space beneath a rock overhang on the side of the road . she watch what 's go on from there . starla see the buick a few yard away . she glance beside she to see the large disease deer of all , a horned buck , careen toward she . she dash toward the buick as fast as she can . a tumorous doe leap onto Bill , bite into he shoulder and tear at he flesh , so now he have two deer on he . Bill be bleed , dizzy , and disorient , but he 's able to turn , just a bit , to see the barrel of he shotgun above he . he try to scoot himself back as he 's be batter . he reach up for the shotgun ; but the tip of he finger barely graze the muzzle . starla arrive at the buick , and start to crawl into the front seat . but the horn buck be upon she . he bite into starla 's ankle . she scream . 83. he yank back on she , half pull she onto the road . but starla grab onto the steering wheel with all she might , and pull against the horn buck 's massive power . the deer on trevor start pull he off , drag he down the road as he hollers . kylie , underneath the rock overhang , watch Bill try to scoot himself back and reach for the shotgun . it 's just a little too far away . she work up she nerve and slowly start to crawl out toward he . as starla be stretch between the horn buck pull on she ankle , and she hand on the steering wheel , she 's able to flip on she side and turn the key in the ignition ; the engine start . she reach one hand down to the floorboard , press on the gas . the buick lurch forward , wrenching she away from the horn buck 's mouth . Bill reach again for the barrel of he rifle . it 's too far away . but then he see kylie , at the butt of the rifle . she reach out and push it just a little , into Bill 's hand . Bill grip the muzzle like a baseball bat , and swing it into the face of the deer jump on he , knock the beast back . the deer try to stumble forward again , but its whole head and neck have be knock askew . it topple over , dead . Bill flip the shotgun forward into he hand . he stuff the muzzle into the tumorous doe bite into he leg . the deer look at he . blood be run down Bill 's face and he look half - craze . Bill glance down and see the telephone wire wrap around she ankle . Bill pull the trigger , destroy she . he stand , look around for the deer with trevor . it have drag he a fair distance down the street . Bill shoot once , miss it , and again , hit it straight on . kylie look around to see more disease deer run through the field toward they . starla pull herself into the driver 's seat and back up alongside she friend . throw open the passenger door . starla get in ! 84 . int . buick century - moment later Bill fumble for the radio control . bill Shelby ! trevor look out the window , watch the deer fade away behind they . trevor when I buy my zoo , I be leave they thing the hell out ! bill Shelby ! shelby ( o.s. ) hey there , Chief . bill Shelby ! we need people out here at cosgrove and mccammon right away ! shelby ( o.s. ) do not worry , Chief . ext . MAIN STREET - night Shelby , sick and bloat , speak into he radio , as he move down the street with a hoard of the infect . shelby already on we way . back to buick kylie turn she head , and glance out the window . and scream . starla , Bill , and trevor turn to see -- a suv barrel straight towards they . it slam hard into the side of the buick . and smashes the car back , across a short lot , and through the glass storefront of a flower store . int . flower store - night the buick and suv be destroy , amidst the ruin of this store . shatter vase and flower surround they . Glass fragment dangle from the window frame . some fall and clink to the floor . 85 . starla lift she batter head from the wheel . she look beside she to see Bill and trevor , seemingly unconscious . she look back at kylie . the impact have kill she . her neck be bent at a ungodly angle . bone jut up out of she skin . starla look out she rear window and see the suv door open , and the diseased driver stumble out . his body be batter and break , but , still , he lumber toward she . he try to speak , but he jaw be break , and only a mumbly moan come out . starla struggle to get out of the car . eventually , she do , and she fall to the floor , amidst the break glass from the shattered window , and the water all over the floor from the break vase . she see the moan driver limping toward she . he 's still try to speak , but he 's unintelligible . the driver get close , ready to grab she . starla see a metal bar . she grab it . and slam it into the disease man 's shin . he topple over . she crawl onto the fall driver and bring the metal bar down into he head , again and again , shout and crying with fury . starla look down at the man , who be very dead . starla look up to see dozen of diseased townsfolk come at she , from down the street , between building . they see starla there . diseased townsfolk starrrrrlaaaaaa !! Bill and trevor limp up behind starla , pull she toward a door on the back wall . bill come on . int . flower store storage area - moment later Bill close and lock the door behind they . ext . flower store - night the disease townsfolk surround the little store on all side . they screech . 86 . int . flower store storage area - night trevor what the hell be we go to do ?! bill just block the door , any way you can . Bill grab hammer and nail off a hardware bench . trevor knock thing off shelf and yank up the metal shelving . starla look doubtful of this whole activity . but still , she help . the storeroom have two door . they start nail anything over they they can . trevor see some slithering parasite come in through a crack in the upper corner of the room . trevor goddamn snake !! trevor aim he pistol at the thing and start shoot wildly at they , blasting up the whole room . Bill and starla see slithering parasite come in from other crack in the room as well . they also blast at they . Dust be all around ; they can hardly see . Bill run out of ammo . he grab a hand -held Black and decker electric circular see and turn it on . he start jam it into the parasite , cut they up , and put big slice in the floor . they squeak with pain . ext . flower store - night the disease townsfolk wail and slap they hand on the wall , almost rhythmically , like some tribal ritual . some push on the door . int . flower store storage area - night Bill hear something pop behind he . he turn to see a little hole in one of the door . Three disease finger slip inside , try to pull away more . Bill use the circular see to cut off the finger . a arm pop through the door . Bill slam the circular see into that . blood spurt . bone grind . 87 . a man' eye peek through another crack . Bill jam the circular see through the crack and into the man 's face . ext . flower store - night the face - sawed man back away from the hole , clutching he bleed eye . int . flower store storage area - night Bill spot a wide piece of shelving fall off the door across from he . he run over to the space , when the circular see stop turn . Bill turn to see he 's accidentally unplugge it . ext . flower store - night the disease townsfolk have all gather on one side of the building now , put all they effort into tear down one door . some have even climb onto the roof above it , curling off the gutter and roofing overhead . int . flower store storage area - night Bill grab he leather satchel , and start to reload he shotgun . starla see that the disease townsfolk have almost tear down one of the door . starla this be stupid . starla go to the other door , and start tear away the plank they nail there . bill what be you do ?! starla we can not make it . just get away , when you get the chance . bill what ? starla he want I , Bill ! I be go to get he to take I to he ! see if you can follow I , and kill he ! bill no , starla ! no ! 88. another full metal plate be push off the door . a diseased man be face peek through . trevor swirl to see it . the man gleek , hit trevor on he chest . trevor look down , in shock . and the whole door and part of the wall burst open . the disease pour inside and around trevor , gleeking all over he , splattering he body with the burn liquid . trevor start to puff up , swell , become soft . they grab he . bill nooo ! Bill grab trevor by the wrist , and try to pull he away from they . but trevor scream in agony ; the liquid have make he flesh too soft . his entire body split apart like wet tissue , he organ spilling out in front of they . Bill stare down in shock , still hold trevor 's arm . starla have pull away enough board of the other door . she throw it open . none of the disease be on this side of the building anymore . she move outside . ext . flower store - night Bill follow she . two diseased people appear , screeching and run toward they . Bill shoot they both . and he make a break for it , run as fast as he can across the street . he turn , expect to see starla right behind he . but she have stay behind , stare quietly at the ground . starla have tear in she eye . she motion with she head for Bill to go . Bill be confuse . the disease townsfolk come up around starla from the side of the flower store , no one pay attention to Bill . they encircle she , slowly . some screech angrily at she . she 's too disgust or fearful to even look in they eye . they breathe with sick , raspy breath . diseased woman diseased kid starlaaaaaaa ! starlaaaa ! and they wail , in a cacophony of simultaneous voice , all the deep anger , fear , frustration , and jealousy they inherite from grant grant , such as : smashed -face man you say for better or worse ! you lie ! no longer pretty brenda's husband I give you everything ! i. love . you ! 89 . shelby fat sick guy it 's not just about lesson I want you by my side , plan ! hank wilcox want sugarplum . but I be too you pussy ! ugly now , huh !!? mr. inappropriate waitress you daddy would still be you always think I be a fuck you every hole joke , be not you ? be not it for I !! brenda's husband you like pardy better and I ? that 's who you want to screw now ?! starla grant ... please ... they surround she . they touch she body , she ass , she breast . pull on she clothes . she tremble . starla I be sorry ... I know I have not behave how you -- how you want . I know . do not ... hurt ... I . starla glance down to see a disease dog lick she calf , taste she . starla we need ... to ... talk . a diseased man grab the side of she neck and face . diseased man brenda's husband then talk . then talk . starla not here , though , okay ? not all of you . I be not use to -- I want to talk to you face , grant . you more real face . you -- the disease townsfolk grab starla , envelop she , and start drag she away . a few townsfolk remain behind . they look around for Bill . smashed -face man pardy ?!! where be you , pardy !! but he 's nowhere to be see . they screech angrily . ext . MAIN STREET - night Bill run as fast as he can across the street here -- the same direction the hoard take starla , but down a block . 90 . ext . side of movie theater - night Bill fall against the side of this building , hide in a dark crevice . down the way , he can see numerous dead body , and a woman chase down and tackle by some infect townsfolk . some disease townsfolk wander by Bill , look for he . Bill crouch down so he be not see . diseased woman shelby pardy . pardy . pardy . come on out , pardy . pastor we have surround the town , you prick ! ai not no way outta here ! Bill wait for they to pass . when they be go , Bill look up toward the next street -- he can see the hoard move starla across that street . he make sure no one 's look , and follow she . ext . grant STREET - later one of the disease push starla too hard , and she fall to she hand and knee . they keep push she . she stumble back to she foot and move on . she 's almost hyperventilate . ext . grant home - moment later here , the disease townsfolk around starla stop . she look up to see that they have lead she onto she own front yard . starla gaze up at she home : the disease have do a little remodeling . part of the front wall have be tear away , replace with some primitive thatched woodwork . the front doorway have also be partially destroy . because of the sloppy reconstruction , the roof be cave - in and sloping . disease people sit in meerkat-like pose on all side of the grant ' home , watch out for trouble . ext . house across from the grant home - night Bill , out of breath , arrive across the street . he can see starla stand with the disease . he hide behind some shrub . 91 . ext . grant home - night the disease push starla up between they , violently , to the front door . starla stop at the dark hole on the front of the house . it 's pitch black inside . she look back at the rotting face behind she . and then slowly enter . int . grant foyer - night starla balk at the smell . she look beside she at the garage ; the wall have be tear out , and this have become grant 's feed area , with rotten meat , include some body , in a pile . starla step slowly forward , look around . starla grant ? starla can see into the shamble of a kitchen from here . ext . house across from the grant home - night Bill look at the disease surround the grant home . they seem impossible to get through . Bill eye the house next door , maybe twenty - five foot from the grant ' . he make sure no one 's pay attention for a moment , and he dart across the street to a park car . the disease do not see he . Bill gaze down the street beside he . the sun be just barely beginning to rise . they do not have much time to move in the darkness . Bill make a break for the house next door . int . grant kitchen - night starla walk into the kitchen . cook supplies and condiment be scattered over the floor . she spot a meat thermometer on the floor amongst other utensil . she glance out the rear window . disease people be guard the backyard , look away from the home . she grab the meat thermometer . she snap the thermometer part off the top , discard it , and shove the long metal spike into the seam of she skirt . 92 . suddenly , starla hear every woman in the world , the song she and grant dance to earlier , start to play through tinny speaker . starla look up through a miss section of ceiling ; she can see a tiny piece of grant in the bedroom above she . starla grant ? we should talk . ext . neighbor's backyard - night Bill have make he way into the backyard . he look over at the grant home . some disease townsfolk in the backyard could conceivably see or hear he . he try the back door , but it 's lock . Bill notice a window slightly open . he start to push it up . it squeak loudly . he peer over at the disease . they do not hear . he throw the window up further , and crawl inside the home . int . grant foyer - night starla stand at the base of the stairwell . the song be louder . starla grant ? she start to ascend the stair . they creak beneath she foot . int . neighbor be house - night Bill peek out the window , careful not to be see by the disease human around grant 's . Bill can see starla in the home next door , walk up the stair . Bill run toward the stairwell here . int . grant upstair hallway - night starla look down the hall . most of the wall have be tear away . between wooden beam , starla can see grant 's cumbersome mass , he back to she , in what be once the bedroom . in front of he , the song end on the CD player . it start into the next song on the album . grant use one of he crusty tentacles to push the back button . 93. every woman in the world start over . starla walk toward he . int . grant bedroom - night grant keep he back to she . starla take in the room . photograph from they scrapbook be all over the wall : photo from they wedding , and vacation , and family party . starla hey , grant . starla walk around grant , give he a decent berth . starla you do some real interesting decorate here . grant watch she from the corner of he sad , purulent eye . starla hey . starla walk by a window . starla look , the sun 's start to come up . starla start to open the drape . int . neighbor's upstair hall - night Bill happen to look through the neighbor ' kid 's bedroom and to the home across the way where starla be pull the drape away from the window . she see Bill there . int . grant bedroom - night grant screech angrily at starla . she quickly close the drape , not let on she see Bill . starla sorry . I do not -- I do not know you want it dark . int . kide bedroom - night Bill walk into this young boy 's bedroom , fill with airplane and sport memorabilia . 94 . he peek around the window frame at the grant bedroom window , now close to he . he make sure he shotgun be load . int . grant bedroom - night starla try to change the subject by walk to a wall with the photo . starla you like this memory , huh , grant ? grant look away from she . starla move toward he , almost seductively . starla you like be call grant , do not you ? grant be silent . she get closer . starla I think you do . you really do . you like be grant . like when we dance . and when you ... make love to I here on the bed . remember that ? grant look embarrassed . starla become more brazen . starla I know you have be alone , grant . almost forever . from here to there to there to here , there 's never be another one for you . starla almost look as if she 's about to cry , out of compassion for he . starla grant . grant , I could help you . be with you the way you want . see , I want to live . I have never have much use for this world , not really . you and I , together , we -- she touch he tentacle with she finger . he move it back , and growls a little . starla move she tremble finger toward he again . she set they on he tentacle once more . he glare at she distrustfully , breathe he deep , sick breath . starla you do not trust I , I know . that 's why I bring you someone , grant . 95 . starla look into he eye . starla it 's Bill . he 's in the house next door . just look . int . kide bedroom - night Bill glance down to see a disease man look up at he . in fact , they be all look up at he . Bill be confuse . int . grant bedroom - night grant look at starla with sad eye , perhaps touch . starla smile nervously , expectantly . starla see ? I bring he here for you ! as a offer ! to prove I love you more than he ! grant wrap he tentacle around starla . starla , though obviously disgust , touch he face with she hand . int . neighbor be house - night the disease townsfolk break down the door , move into the downstairs below Bill . int . kide bedroom - night Bill hear they approach . he shatter the window , and crawl onto a small mock - balcony outside . int . grant bedroom - night starla move slowly in toward grant , as if to kiss he . grant look , well , joyful . and then she yank the metal spike from she skirt and jab it into grant 's eye . grant screech , blind and buck . starla slam the spike into he other eye . and she stab he again , shove the spike into he forehead , where it stay . starla leap to the window . she throw open the drape . 96 . starla now , Bill !! kill the motherfucker !! ext . neighbor's mock balcony - night Bill raise he shotgun and blast as starla jump away from the window . int . grant bedroom - night the window shatter and the shot strike grant . he screech , swinging he tentacles aimlessly around the room in fury . one tentacle slam starla against the wall , probably break a rib or two . another tentacle smashes the CD player , squelching the song . ext . neighbor's mock balcony - night the disease townsfolk enter the kid 's bedroom , rush toward Bill on the balcony . but Bill will not stop . he blast the shotgun again . int . grant bedroom - night grant be strike in the head . he start slithering out of the bedroom , feel he way out . ext . neighbor's mock balcony - night Bill be out of shell . he drop he shotgun . he grab the grenade out of the pocket on the black leather bag . int . grant bathroom - night starla , clutching she rib and barely able to move , pull herself up on the window . Bill toss she the grenade . she try to catch it , but miss it . it land on the carpet . she see grant 's tentacles slip away . she try to move but she 's hurt bad , bleed . ext . neighbor's mock balcony - night the disease gleek at Bill , but Bill throw himself forward , let himself fall through the flimsy balustrade -- 97 . ext . grant home - night Bill land hard on the lawn between the two home . he grab a .38 , and stand beside the window on grant 's house . through the window he see grant barrel down the stair . Bill shoot grant with the .38 , shatter the glass . he unload the clip into he . the disease townsfolk surround Bill , grab he . grant , use the other ' eye to see , snap he tentacle forward , wrapping it around Bill 's neck , raise he up . grant screech . int . grant foyer - night starla appear at the top of the stair , clutching she bloody side . she have the pin in one hand and the grenade in the other . with all she remain effort , she lob the grenade behind grant . grant er...? it explode . ext . grant home - night grant 's explode flesh send Bill fly backwards . int . grant hallway - night starla be throw back . ext . grant home - night around the house , the disease 's eye gaze lifelessly upward as they each plummet to the grass . fade to : ext . grant home - morning Bill unwrap what 's leave of the tentacle from he bruise neck , and look around at the dead disease . grant 's splatter flesh be around he . 98 . Bill hear a quiet rattling sound . he look around he . and then see , down at he foot , what be actually a distort piece of grant 's cerebellum . stick out of a new organic slit in the cerebellum be the quill - like spore . it quiver and tremble upward , its little bulb spur pop out . int . grant hallway - morning starla crawl forward to look down through the smoke : most of the second floor have be blow away . her mutate husband be just a mass of flesh and alien organ . ext . grant home - moment later starla come around the side of the house , hold a paper towel roll to the slice on she rib . she see Bill stand there . she smile . starla hey . Bill smile too . bill hey . ext . MAIN STREET - day Bill and starla hobble down the town center . the leather bag be sling over Bill 's shoulder . everything around they be dead : the victim who be be feast on , as well as the various disease . the torture be over , but no life remain . ext . MAIN STREET - moment later Bill find a abandon Nissan maxima in the middle of the street , with the key still in it . bill starla , over here . ext . wheelsy exit - later in the maxima now , Bill and starla pull around a topple ambulance and through a spout fire hydrant , and out onto -- 99 . ext . road beyond wheelsy - day the sun be bright and beautiful , glisten on the car . Bill and starla breathe more easily and smile a little as they head up this long , barren road outside the city . ext . cluster of store - moment later Bill and starla pass through a small block of store . starla gaze out the window to see people -- real , actual , healthy human being : man and woman and child -- go about they daily chore . tear come to she eye . Bill grab starla 's hand . she clenches he tightly . starla we can probably get some first aid and food at this gas station up here . bill yeah . good . ext . gas station - moment later the maxima pull into the station , and stop . int . gas station mart - moment later starla and Bill pile stuff up on the cashier 's counter -- Band - aids , gauze , alcohol ; power bar and gatorade . the cashier ring it up , stare at they because of they wound . cashier come to 32.87 . Bill pull money out of he pants pocket . as he do , starla glance down . his arm pull up he shirt , and starla can see the black and yellow wound there on he stomach . she turn away , look around , confuse . Bill pay , smile at the cashier . bill there you go . ext . gas station - moment later a stunne starla step with Bill out of the station , move toward the car . 100 . starla stop . starla shit. i- I forget ... I want to get aspirin . she start to move back inside . Bill stop she . bill I will get it for you . ibuprofen or aspirin ? starla aspirin . Bill smile , and go back inside . starla move quickly with the bag of stuff toward the car . int . gas station mart - moment later Bill pay for the aspirin , and walk out with it . ext . gas station - day Bill walk out ; the maxima be still there . int . maxima - day Bill get in the driver 's seat , put he key into the engine . bill we will just head up here into bishopville , get check up in the hospital . then maybe we will head off to Hollywood after all , huh ? starla okay . Bill turn to smile at starla . she 's aim the .38 at he face . tear be stream down she cheek . bill please , starla . I be gonna do my best not to hurt anybody -- starla you take Bill . bill it 's my nature . 101 . starla and this be mine . starla pull the trigger , the gunshot crack out . ext . gas station - day as the maxima sit in the lot , another gunshot crack out . then we hear the horn blaring . int . maxima - day Bill 's dead body be slump over the steering wheel . starla really can not bring herself to look at it , as she reach across it and toward the door handle . ext . gas station - day the car door flip open . the horn stop blaring . and Bill 's body be kick out of the car , slide onto the pavement . insert title , full screen : slither int . maxima - day starla wipe the tear away from she face . she glance out the window to see the cashier peek out of the cashier 's station . starla scoot over into the driver 's seat . she shove the car into drive . and she take off down the road , not look back . starla 's blanch and numb but the tear still keep come . CUT to black . the end