soldier written by David webb people revised draft October 2 , 1997 int . hospital nursery - night baby in bassinet , isolettes , incubator . baby sleep , baby blink , baby coo , baby chirp , baby squalling . it 's the squalling baby , the one with pinch face and tiny bunched fist , that seem to interest the two anonymous men in military uniform . ( they anonymity be assure by the angle from which they be see ; they be hand , they be foot , they be the back of head . ) a lone nurse watch they grimly as they make they " selection , " mark the crib of the most active , noisy baby with X 's . CUT to : ext . van / hospital - night angle on van door slamm shut on a dozen squalling baby in tiere red crib . angle on the van pull away from the load dock of the large hospital as a date be supere over the scene ... 1992 CUT to : int . cage / basement room - day or night vicious tooth , savage snarl , tear flesh as three fierce fight dog battle a single wolverine in large steel cage . the cage be in the middle of a gloomy windowless room surround by twenty two - year -old seat on fold chair and dress in identical gray overall . as the two - year-old watch the battle , amazement on they innocent face , a date appear supere over the scene ... 1994 we discover in the shadow more anonymous men ( and women ) , some of they in military uniform , observe the child . CUT to : int . a windowless cement room - day or night it 's creepy : the same child two year older , milling about a bare cement room , apparently unsupervise . they ought to look cute , but somehow this joyless four - year -old look slightly sinister , all of they wear drab uniform and military burr - cut hair . again a date be supere over the scene -- 1996 -- just as a aggressive four - year -old approach a passive four year - old seat on the floor and kick he . it 's a harmless child 's kick . but then , as the date disappear , he kick the passive four - year -old again . and again . the servo-motor in a remote video camera mount high on the wall whine slightly as the camera pan to the record the action . CUT to : int . windowless " classroom " - day or night puzzle . finger fit shape into hole . the puzzle be not fun puzzle ; they be obviously test of intelligence or dexterity or both . six - year-old now , the boy perform in a grim room under fluorescent light as more anonymous men and women in polished shoe and sharply crease military slack cruise the aisle , observe . as a date appear supere over this scene ... 1998 we notice one of the six - year -old be become familiar to we . todd . we notice he intense eye as he dexterously manipulate a puzzle . CUT to : ext . field - day behind a cyclone fence top with curlicue of razor wire , the boy , now ten - year -old , be march in formation under the supervision of a ( faceless ) drill sergeant . again a date be supere over the scene ... 2002 CUT to : int . gymnasium - day fourteen - year-old todd be do bench press in short while all around he he fourteen - year-old comrade work out with weight in a very grim and spartan gym that resemble a sinister concentration camp more than the yuppie spas of the 20th century . the date appear supere over the scene ... 2006 CUT to : ext . obstacle course / montage - day the fourteen - year -old , todd among they , jump , roll , dive , crawl , swim , and rappel through a brutal course feature : vertical wooden wall , fast move rapid , tangles of barb wire , steep rock face , and finally a jungle of dangle chain with tiny circular " platform " about eight inch in diameter every ten foot . fourteen year old bloody each other with pugil stick and padded cudgel while they swing twenty foot above the ground . one of they be knock off , plummet downward . crunch ! CUT to : ext . snow cover landscape - day Long even stride , two inch of snow . breathe hard , the sixteen - year-old now lope through hill and wood in short and t-shirt , they breath come in steamy blast as the date be supere over the scene ... 2008 this a brutal cross country run under a grim sky in bitter cold weather , but the sixteen - year -old be super - fit , they face hard and without expression , they eye as cold as snake eye . except for the straggler , a lone boy who 's bring up the rear , obviously in trouble , gasp for air , struggle , struggle , struggle to keep he foot ... angle on a hill where anonymous observer , all in military dress , watch . angle on the straggler , unable to keep he foot , go down , gasp . with fearful eye , he look toward the hill where he know the observer be . angle on the pack , sixteen sixteen -year-old not look back , even as a single shot ring out . todd do not even blink , just keep run . CUT to : ext . shoot range - day suddenly , out of nowhere , a scary mechanize pop - up target , a military figure , erupt from the long grass , weapon point . before the weapon can flash a laser bean , automatic FIRE ravage the target and it disappear back into the grass . the boy , eighteen -year-old now , be wear combat gear and carry automatic weapon as they advance through a sloping field of tall grass . different sophisticated target pop up urgently , sometimes close , sometimes far , some moving rapidly on track . the eighteen-year-olds expertly mow down menace military figure while hold they fire when animal target or unarmed civilian and child appear . the eighteen - year- old on point be riley , a muscular redhead . todd be right behind he as a date be supere over the scene ... 2010 suddenly multiple target appear , charge . budda budda budda ! first target down ! riley , pan for the next target , hold fire , pass over two mother holding child , pan for a nearby soldier target . but the soldier target zip behind the mother holding child , take cover , weapon point at riley . for half a second riley hesitates ! budda budda budda ! todd blaze away , mercilessly blow away the mother holding child target and the soldier target . the MAIN title appear as the roar of gun give way to music ... CUT to : int . processing room - day skillful hand operate a tattoo pen , stencile a insignia and a number on the leave side of riley be face over the cheekbone . his cheek say riley , l.b. , he face reveal nothing as ... open credit begin the next face be todd . the skillful hand with the tattoo pen go to work on he face , mark , stencile the skin as ... open credit continue then the tattoo artist 's band finish with todd and move on to the next man , leave todd stare straight ahead , he cheek tattooe , he face like carve stone , he eye as unfathomable as the eye of a statue as the open credit conclude . CUT to : ext . jungle - day machinegun fire , soldier in cammy move through lush tropical growth . a mortar explode , a soldier be engulf in shrapnel . as the smoke clear , the soldier scream mindlessly like a siren . this be real war , not training . a title and date appear on the screen , say ... 2011 , the bolivian war as the title fade , we glimpse todd advance at a crouch through smoke and enemy fire , blaze away at the unseen enemy . sweaty and smudge , he uniform tear and stain with blood , todd reveal nothing on he stone face . but he 's clearly unintimidate by the death of he scream comrade as we ... CUT to : ext . pine wood - day Automatic weapon chatter as todd struggle through thick snowy wood , half - carry a bloody comrade barely recognizable as riley . bullet spatter bark and leave as todd and riley take cover behind a fall log . a date and title appear , supere over the action ... 2012 , the montana " incident " riley be nearly unconscious . todd glance at he own wound , a savage open in he side . he consider the tear flesh as dispassionately as a man check a flea bite . bullet whiz around the wounded man as we ... CUT to : ext . desert , village - day sunbake landscape , a burn village , enemy corpse sprawle here and there , burn or horribly mutilate by artillery fire . supere over the corpse , a date and title ... 2014-2016 , the saudi campaign we discover todd , riley , and several other soldier , exhaust , parched , in tear and bloody uniform , share a single canteen under the blaze sun . War be hard work ! CUT to : ext . launch pad - day a fury of flame , the thunder of ignition as huge rocket engine lift a space vehicle off the launching pad and propel it skyward . ext . outer space profound silence ! the space vehicle that the rocket propel be a weathered look military spaceship glide through the blackness of outer space like a huge shark . a date and title appear supere over the scene ... 2017 , tannhauser gate as the title fade away in the eerie silence , we ... CUT to : ext . another planet - night a huge moon loom in the blackness above a barely visible landscape ... 2020 , the argentine sector six soldier stagger through the rough terrain in pressure suit and plexi helmet , breathe from tank . sudden automatic fire stagger the lead soldier . his helmet be pierce , air and blood erupt from the hole in he face plate . the sergeant , he futuristic " chevron " on he helmet , signal the man to take cover , start to return fire . as a flare illuminate the battlefield , we recognize the sergeant through he visor . it 's todd . CUT to : ext . extraterrestrial CITY - day bomb out ! building turn to rubble , smoking ruin , rain . a extra-terrestrial city ravage by war to such a degree that it bear a uncanny resemblance to dresden / Earth in 1945 after the fire-bombing ! the architecture , even in ruin , recall old Europe , and the street be narrow , as in before ( or after ) automobile . burst of automatic FIRE , occasional mortar blast . a spooky battle between unseen soldier be take place in seemingly desert street and alleyway . and supere over the gloomy scene ... the third dresden moon ( 1.16 Earth atmos , acceptable oxygen ) crack ! crack ! crack ! Shots ! suddenly a terrify mother dash along the street , a scream baby in she arm , look for shelter . a civilian man pop out of a doorway , pull she to safety . reveal todd , watch from the shell of a once proud building . todd' Pov of four enemy soldier run at a crouch among the rubble . angle on todd watch they scurry into a cellar door . todd turn and give a hand signal . angle on riley twenty yard away , hide behind expose machinery , acknowledge the signal and , along with a third soldier , advance toward the cellar . ext . cellar door todd , riley , and the third soldier converge stealthily , coordinate with hand signal . todd pull the pin on a grenade , and riley and the third soldier kick in the door . todd toss the grenade in as riley fire a wither barrage of automatic fire through the cellar door . bahwhoom ! the grenade explode . then , riley , todd and the third soldier charge in . int . cellar heavy FIRE as todd , riley and the third soldier spray the room . angle on todd signal cease fire . sudden silence . drifting smoke . then ... groans . four enemy soldier be sprawle motionless , horribly eviscerate . a fifth enemy soldier , horribly wounded , be groan . angle on todd surveying the scene , stone face . todd be Pov of the enemy dead , and several civilian equally dead , as well as the dead body of several child . bang ! riley shoot the groan enemy soldier . silence again . close on todd , he stone face . what do he see ? what do he feel ? anything ? a mystery ! CUT to : int . barracks - day a spartan room , bare bunk -bed . rain pound on a window that look out into a stormy sky over the godforsake ruin of the third dresden Moon . todd be sit on a bunk , shirtless . his new rank have be tattooe on he right cheek ; there 's a scar under one eye and another scar that distort he lip slightly . the name of various battle have be neatly stencile down he leave arm , a official record , not a decoration . todd be silent , stare into space . the room be full of soldier in t-shirt , fatigue , sleepwear . word appear supere over the scene ... the word fade away , the silence continue , the rain beat on the barrack , no one say a word , they just stare into space or watch the rain beat on the windowpane . they look like robot ... use robot , make individual only by they different scar . CUT to : ext . barracks - day rain . low building , board window , slogan paint on the war - scar wall , the makeshift barrack in one building , command quarter in the next . a lone figure , a man in a poncho , hurry through the downpour , pass the barrack , head for the command quarter . int . command quarter enter , the man shake rain off he poncho . his name be rubrick , he 's thirty - five , a lieutenant . he face the two bored officer loung in the cluttere office where outdated equipment be strung together by maze of wire and the desktop be heape with printout sheet and styrofoam coffee cup . the captain , church , have he foot on the desk . he 's fifty year old , gray and fat and soft . the other officer , sloan , also a lieutenant , be a thirty - five year old woman , dark , moderately attractive , but not particularly happy . rubrick Colonel mekum have he " boy " unpack . I think he want to show they off . church hmmmmph . rubrick they look ... impressive . CUT to : int . " station " - day a new soldier fill the frame , a perfect - look man / boy of about twenty build like a linebacker , powerful look with sculpt unscarre musculature . he look straight ahead , unblink , and so do the one next to he , and the next one . twenty of they be stand in line in one corner of a enormous space that be once a station of some sort . they do not seem to respond to the chill or to the occasional drop of rain from the skylight leak sixty foot above they . wearing drip ponchos , church , sloan , and rubrick be look the robot-like monster over like so much meat , while a bright - eye blond colonel about thirty , name mekum , stand proudly by , glow with satisfaction . the vast interior be so large that in spite of cluster of stack crate , part of a dismantle spaceship , a rusty earthmover , numerous large piece of machinery , and a whole arrangement of exercise gear , the place have huge open space and a sense of emptiness to it . sloan walk close to the line of new soldier and study one , she eye drift over they muscular body . she break the long silence . sloan well , they be ... pretty . church ( to mekum ) what 's so hot about they ? mekum ( proudly ) very much improve . in every way . rubrick this be Colonel mekum from q. he 's they commanding officer . church ( dubious ) improve ...how ? mekum as I say , in every way . physically and psychologically . more endurance , quick response , better hand - eye , improve technical training . where the first psychology give you ninety - eight percent obedience , this bunch give you 99.4 . church ( dubiously ) mmmmmm . weeell , you know my old daddy be in maintenance and he have a say ... rubrick and sloan exchange a eye-rolling private glance that mean they have hear a lot of daddy 's say . church ... he use to say , " if it be not break , do not fix it . " mekum ( patronize ) I ...see . I be not sure I quite get you ...point ... church ( indicate the Veteran ) well , the soldier we have get now , they have be through all kind of heavy shit ... and they have always get the job do . now this new one , this " hot shot " of yours ... what kind of action have they see ? they be battle - test , be not they ? mekum that 's up to you field guy . h.q. want you to break them in when you do the annual security sweep in January . church the sweep be just routine , not even police action . I would like to see some sort of ... meaningful evidence ... mekum such as ? church maybe we could run some test . kind of a comparison , the old and the new ... rubrick and sloan exchange a startle glance , but mekum do not seem faze as we ... CUT to : int . " station " - day - later a weapon firing ! budda ! budda ! budda ! the automatic weapon be be fire by the veteran soldier riley . he 's blaze away at a elaborate electronic target a hundred yard away in the huge space . todd be watch with the other veteran soldier . they be seat on the floor , wear drab fatigue , directly across from the twenty new soldier . as todd glance at they , the new soldier look back unblinkingly . ( the veteran , in spite of they impassive expression , look very human compare to the new soldier . they battle scar mark they as individual in sharp contrast to the perfectly - muscle young giant across from they . ) the fire stop , and riley , he weapon empty , leap to he foot and salute rubrick , who 's be watch the demonstration with the rest of the officer . riley Sir ! rubrick very nice , riley . fall away . riley ( another salute ) Sir ! as riley join the veteran squatting motionlessly , rubrick glance at the shred electronic target , glance at he stopwatch , then look at mekum . rubrick thirty second , 90 percent hit . mekum smirk , pick up the weapon , disassemble it rapidly . mekum let 's make it more difficult . rubrick , church and sloan exchange glance of disbelief as mekum scatter the disassembled part onto the concrete floor with a loud clatter . todd watch , unblink , as mekum look to the new soldier . mekum caine six - oh - Seven ! a blond Nordic giant be suddenly on he foot among the new soldier . there be real dignity in he salute ; he 's like a pro . caine 607 Sir ! mekum assemble the weapon , load , fire on the target from various evasive position in a thirty - second period . officer look at each other again in disbelief . mekum start ...now ! mekum punch he watch as caine 607 gracefully begin to pick up piece of weapon , do it rapidly , yet without apparent haste . todd be watch , revealing nothing . clack ! ka shack ! click ! caine 607 slap the weapon together , load a magazine with a final ka shuck , then he dive to the floor , fire a rapid burst at the electronic target which blink wildly ... officer watch , impressed . caine 607 be fire from another position . the target go crazy . caine 607 be roll and fire at the same time . the target go wild . mekum 's watch click off 27 second ...28 ... 29 ... the fire stop . todd stare impassively as caine 607 salute . beside he , riley watch also . mekum ( to caine 607 ) as you be , soldier . rubrick be look at the electronic target , grudgingly impressed . rubrick ninety -nine percent ... mekum ( smug ) while take evasive action ... rubrick ( amaze ) that 's ... very good . CUT to : int . weight area / " station " - day - a little later a new soldier clean a awesome weight with what look like ease as rubrick , church , and sloan again exchange impressed glance and mekum watch smugly . they be still in the giant warehouse in the gym section among all sort of ominous exercise device . the new soldier and veteran be gather in separate group at attention , they face like stone . todd be watch the big man handle the weight easily . mekum see ? much stronger . church what about endurance ? CUT to : ext . ruins - day todd be lope through sheet of rain . the terrain around he feature ghostly shell of building , shard of a city nearly invisible through the curtain of rain . his foot slash through flooding gutter and trash fill street border by ruin as he run smoothly , evenly , keep a good pace , he breath rasp rhythmically , he eye revealing nothing as we ... CUT to : int . officer quarter - day sloan accept a cup of hot coffee from rubrick as she consider the plastic " papers " mekum have spread on the cluttere desk . ponchos have be hang by the door . mekum be point to various number and paragraph . church have be stare out the window into the pour rain . he turn to mekum and interrupt . church we man have be out there fifteen minute now . should not you send one ? mekum ( smug grin , to Church ) in a minute . ( turn back to sloan ) now , see this test ? this show what they do under sleep deprivation condition . forty -eight hour awake and they can ... CUT to : ext . todd running / ruins - day rain slashes he face as todd run , he eye stare vacantly into the blind storm , he leg pump evenly , he foot chopping through the thick mud in a wasteland of shell apartment building where rat-like creature scurry out of he way as we ... CUT to : int . " station " - day separate by fifteen yard , the two group of soldier , the new and the veteran , sit on the cold cement floor , stare vacantly into space as they await order . occasionally a veteran will rub he chin , another will scratch he nose , but nobody say anything , and when they eye accidentally meet , they look away deliberately , expressionless . nobody flinch when a big door open and pale light stream in . mekum be stand there in a poncho . mekum melton , eight five. forward . melton , one of the husky new soldier , climb to he foot and step toward mekum , salute . melton eight five , sir . mekum ten mile , melton , on the run . melton 's face show no expression as mekum continue . mekum ( o.s. ) you have get sixty minute . go. melton Sir ! melton head out into the rain run smoothly and easily as we ... CUT to : ext . todd / ruins - day todd 's breath come in even rasp as he foot splash over rough terrain , splash splash splash , hard work but nothing in he stone face indicate he 's not equal to the task . splash splash splash ! CUT to : int . officer quarter - day in the cluttere office , rubrick , church , and sloan look up from a conversation as mekum enter drip wet and take off he poncho , smile smugly . mekum my man leave exactly twenty minute after yours . make a note of that . rubrick what be we suppose to do with the old soldier ? mekum ( a shrug and a grin ) Old soldier never die . CUT to : ext . todd / ruins - day running . splash splash splash ! todd make a turn , head back , he face like stone , as we ... CUT to : int . officer quarter - day mekum be fill he coffee cup as he speak . mekum they will serve as a labor force . you can use they for physical stuff ... load , unload , repair , power line , that kind of thing . ( a glance around the office ) even clean ... sweeping ... , uh , tidy up . CUT to : ext . todd / ruins - day breathe steadily , raspily , todd lope through the rain . something make he glance back over he shoulder . thirty yard back he see a vague shape , obscure by rain . todd look ahead again , he face revealing nothing , he leg maintain the same even pace , run , run , run . then he look back again . the vague shape be take form , a ghostly runner get closer . todd continue at the same even place . he do not look back again until he feel closeness . then he look . it's melton only a few yard behind he , run effortlessly , keep a steady pace that 's faster than todd 's . the bigger man move even with todd without even look at he , as though todd be not there , and then he move ahead like a big machine , inexorable . as todd run , eye straight ahead , he can see melton become ghostly , disappear in the curtain of rain ahead as we ... CUT to : int . " station " - day the huge door be open to the rain as sloan , church , rubrick , and mekum watch for sign of todd . still drip vet , the muscular melton be stand beside mekum , breathe heavily but not desperately . mekum of course , age be a factor , but the real factor be the training program , especially the psychological . the mind control the body after all , and we be do wonderful thing with the mind . a shape appear in the rain a hundred yard off , move closer , take the form of a runner run . it 's todd , still move at the same pace , he face like stone . todd lope into the big warehouse and , breathe hard but evenly , come to a halt in front of rubrick and salute . todd Sir . rubrick at ease , soldier . church have be think and now he speak to mekum . church what 's the price of all that speed ? be he tired ? mekum tire ? church Todd here run the pace he 's be teach to run . he 's still strong . send he up the chain , rube . rubrick ( to Todd ) soldier ! up the chain ! todd sir. todd salute and lope toward ten chain that dangle from the rafter sixty foot above , grab one , and start up it , hand over hand . mekum watch todd climb , then look at church who be look at he expectantly . mekum grin at church . then mekum look back at todd , not hurry . todd be thirty foot up and climb , pass the eight inch circular " platform " or foothold in the chain every ten foot . mekum ( sharply ) melton , on the double ! up a chain ! melton ( salute ) Sir ! melton take a few easy stride , gracefully catch a chain mid - stride , and smart up , climb easily and twice as fast as todd . church , sloan , and rubrick crane they neck as the two man struggle upward toward the rafter . Three quarter of the way up , melton come even with todd , then pass he . mekum , watch , smirk . church be watch too , and he 's still not satisfied . his brow be knit , something 's bother he . angle high above , among the girder stoneface , melton be rest a a " platform " on the chain , sixty foot up , beneath the girder , sway gently . his stony gaze be on the next chain where todd be arrive at a " platform " on a adjacent chain ... only three foot away . they eye meet , todd and melton alone together sixty foot up , three foot apart . neither man blink , neither man flinch , neither man reveal anything at all ... low angle , looking up church consider the man high above , then to mekum . church what about ... spirit ? mekum ( as in " what 's that ? " ) Spirit ? ( ...a grin ) oh ! you mean " aq " ... " aggressive quality " ? church whatever the latest jargon be . mekum much better , much higher . for example , where you old one express ninety percent of they sexual energy in aggressive physicality , this new one be ninety - nine percent without sexual inclination . it 's all aggression . sloan ( dryly ) Real man ! church ( sharply , to sloan ) at ease , Lieutenant . ( turn to mekum , serious ) what if they fight ? a sudden silence . sloan raise she eyebrow , give rubrick a look . frown thoughtfully , mekum look up . mekum you mean up there ? church ( to rubrick ) go ahead , rube . tell Todd to take he . mekum no ! they all look at mekum . be this the chink in the armor ? the new soldier can not fight ? church " no " ? mekum not fair . no contest . send two more of you old one up . now church , rubrick , and sloan be stunne . they exchange a glance . mekum go ahead . rubrick shrug , turn to the veteran still sit stoically in a group on the cement floor . rubrick romero , A. -- goine , d.l. -- up the chain . two of the veteran , romero and goine , leap immediately to they foot and climb rapidly . sloan , church , and rubrick exchange a look as mekum smirk confidently . angle on todd and melton above . they be still face each other across the sixty foot drop . melton glance down ... without lose sight of todd . romero and goine be come up the chain fast , hand over hand . they be within ten foot , they impassive face look dangerous . nothing show on melton 's machine - face , but he start a slight motion in he chain so that he spin slowly . that way , as the veteran surround he , he keep a continual eye a all three . todd , he face impassive , eye melton vigilantly . angle on rubrick below for a long moment , rubrick look up at the three man dangle around the new soldier , then he shout loudly at they . rubrick get he , man ! angle on todd as smash ! todd be hit hard in the face even as he start to swing . wham ! melton hit he again and todd lose he grip on the chain , start to fall , grab at the chain , clutches , slide ... angle on melton , crunch ! , hit as he swing at melton . wham ! melton hit he again , hard . goine swing against melton from behind , smash at he with he free hand and with both foot . melton ignore the blow from behind as he grab romero by the face with one hand , yank the face close to he own , and squeeze mercilessly . angle on todd , twenty feet below . he 's manage to get a foothold on one of the mini-plotform . his face horribly bloody , he look up at the action twenty foot above he and see melton suddenly hurl romero downward . romero rocket down past todd ... angle on the floor as smash ! romero 's body crunch against the cement not far from rubrick , sloan , and church , splattering they with blood . they eye be wide with disbelief and horror as they look up again ... angle on melton in the girder as he turn to face the man who 's be clubbing he from behind ... goine ! goine swing he chain wide and melton , eye merciless , deadly , swing after he . angle on todd , bloody , struggle up the chain hand over hand . his eye follow melton above as the new soldier swing and swing , try to get a blow at goine . just then , goine lunge at melton , smack , smash , he hit he hard , and wham ! melton hit he back ... angle on todd who have climb to a " platform " foothold on he chain five foot above the swinging fighter . todd look down on melton 's back as the big man swing close , watch , tensing , then ... todd dive off he chain and land on melton 's back , crook one arm around the new soldier 's neck and pound he with one free hand and strangling he with the other arm . melton gurgle while goine hit he in the face . angle on mekum watching below . for the first time a frown of concern wrinkle he brow . angle on melton and todd on chain just below the girder . melton slam a elbow back into todd 's rib hard and todd gasp for air , but ... goine use the moment to slam a knee into melton 's ball and ... melton gasp , then grab goine by the neck with one hand , rip he from the chain , and send he plunging violently downward even as ... todd go for face with he free hand . slam ! melton smashes todd in the rib with a elbow . todd savagely gouge out one of melton 's eye . angle on mekum , sixty foot below , enraged at the sight of melton 's injury . angle on the veteran watch the brutal fight with blank impassive face , riley among they . angle on the new soldier watch , robot-like . angle on the struggle overhead . smash ! smash ! smash ! melton 's elbow drive back into todd 's rib . the breath knock out of he , todd gasp for air , pain contort he face . melton manage to get todd 's forearm into he mouth and bite furiously , draw blood . todd grit he tooth in pain . wham ! another blow to the rib from melton 's elbow . todd be lose he grip . riley watch below , he face a mask . melton bite and elbow furiously . todd lose he grip and grab at melton , rake flesh as he begin to fall and then ... plung downward , todd grab wildly at the chain and catch it ... but he keep fall , the chain rip flesh from he hand for twenty foot until ... he can not hold on any longer ! todd plunge the last thirty foot to the floor , landing with a terrible crunch right on top of romero 's break body below . sudden silence ! angle on the veteran watch impassively as todd lie motionless , sprawle on romero 's body . angle on the new soldier revealing no feeling . angle on church , sloan , and rubrick look stunne and shake . it 's mekum who break the silence , scream furiously at the one - eye melton who 's still sixty foot up ... mekum get down here ! get down here on the double , get you ass down here , you miserable piss ant stinking shit for brain ! church , sloan , and rubrick lift they stunne face from todd to mekum who 's continue to rant at melton as melton come down the chain fast ... melton come on , double it up , down , down , down , you miserable third rate shithead incompetent clown ! melton let go of the chain and drop the last fifteen foot , landing gracefully on he foot in front of mekum and salute . melton Sir ! mekum look at you , you big dumb shit , you've lost a eye . what the hell good be a goddamn one - eyed soldier ? do you know what it cost to breed you , you big moron ? to train you , feed you ? as mekum turn , include all the new soldier in he continue tirade , church , sloan , and rubrick confer in low voice . rubrick they're ... fantastic ! church ( reluctant agreement ) mmmmmmm ... sloan ( worried ) we could have a problem here , could not we ? I mean , we just lose three man ... church oh , I would not worry about that . " train accident . " paperwork . sloan what about the body ? church ( turn away ) incinerator . turn he back on sloan and rubrick , church approach mekum who 's still raging , indicate melton to the blank - face new soldier . mekum what good be this man now ? with one good eye ! he's got no depth perception ! he's cannon fodder . all he can do be walk point and take the first hit . church ( interrupt ) they be very ... impressive . mekum ( fume ) yeah , well , the big moron should not have lose a eye . church glance at todd 's corpse dumped over romero 's break body , try to assuage he . church it be we best man who get he eye ... Todd , a real tough one . survive police action in Montana , fight in the Argentine sector , and in the Saudi campaign to say nothing of -- mekum Old news ! they be nothing at all ! wait until you get this new fella into some real action . I guarantee you will be awed . I guarantee it . the new soldier sit impassively , the bleed melton among they , stare right at the veteran . not far away three dead body lie motionless as we ... CUT to : int . furnace / furnace room - night a rage of flame ! the mouth of a huge furnace leer with yellow fury , eight foot high . two man , burner , in asbestos fire suit and helmet , appear , laboriously drag a tatter sofa leak stuff . with effort they shove it into the blaze furnace where it be quickly consume . slowly the burner turn and trudge back for another load as we reveal a refuse bin , seven foot high , loom in the shadow not far from the flicker light of the furnace . it 's overflow with junk , barely distinguishable in the gloom . the burner grab blindly and haul out the next object . it 's romero 's dead body . they haul it out of the bin and let it flop limply to the floor where romero stare sightlessly at nothing . the burner stare at the body , exchange a blank look through they visor , shrug and start to drag the heavy carcass toward the flame . int . refuse bin / furnace room / close by in the near darkness , the faintest flicker light reveal two tangle body , motionless in the confusion of refuse . but not quite motionless ! a hand open and close ! a bloody hand ! finger twitch . int . furnace room roaring flame as romero 's body be toss unceremoniously into the fire where the flame begin to consume it . for half a second the burner watch romero melt into fire , then they turn they back and head back for another load . int . refuse bin / furnace room burner ' hand reach in and haul out another corpse , goine , drag the body right over todd 's body . as goine ' shoe drag over todd 's face , todd 's eye flicker stupidly . then goine ' corpse be pull over the edge of the bin . todd blink , fight for consciousness . where be he ? he move he head ... int . furnace room the burner , silhouett by flame , feed goine ' body to the furnace . close on the flame as goine ' body be consume by raging flame . angle on the burner trudging to the bin . they reach in blindly for whatever 's next . tugging with effort , they struggle the clumsy object over the rim , and let it fall to the floor . it 's a mattress ! communicate with a look , the first burner drag the mattress toward the fire while the second burner reach again into the bin . the second burner frown through the visor , struggle with something , frown , wrestle with it . finally , with great effort , he pull out a big carton that immediately spill old magazine on he . disgust , he pull the partially full carton across the refuse - litter floor toward the furnace . angle on he feet , as the second burner struggle toward the fire , step over a trail of blood which be hardly noticeable in the flicker firelight . he pass another big corrugate bin with a sign a it . the sign say nonflammable waste disposal ... and the trail of blood lead to that bin ! CUT to : ext . outer space - " day " silence ! a vast darkness with only a few tiny light in the infinite depth . a batter rusty spaceship glide slowly and silently into view . this be a garbage ship and it look it . awkward and slow and totally unglamorous , it move through space like a great clumsy church make of steel as we ... CUT to : int . hold / garbage ship - " day " as the massive door on the underside of the ship open , light spill in and there be a huge roar as ton of debris , include massive piece of machinery , huge statue , old vehicle , and numerous container , spill out through the open bay and tumble downward . the one that say " nonflammable waste " on the side careen against the bulkhead with a thunderous sound , then hurtle downward . ext . junk mountain / landscape as debris from the ship tumble down onto one of several huge mountain of junk that loom 800 hundred foot above a windswept terrain dimly light by four pale sun , the bay close , and the rusty garbage ship glide away . still the cascade of machine and other bulky junk thunder down the steep slope , shatter , break into part , tumble and tumble , settling here and there , while a scream wind , very powerful , pick off the lighter piece and carry they off like snow blow off a mountain . the familiar- look container somersault halfway down the slope where it burst open , spilling a confusion of junk . above the container , a huge drum smashes into a hunk of machinery and split , ooze a awful look liquid that spill down onto the content of the container , sizzling and smoking on steel , eat it like acid . not far from a smoking piece of steel , we find todd be foot protrude from the junk heap ! it 's motionless ! acid drip and hiss . angle on todd , sprawle " inside " the mountain of junk , grimace in pain as acid hit he expose foot . trapped in the debris , batter and bloody and weak , he struggle to rise , fight the heavy object pin he , fight to avoid the drip acid . as the wind scream furiously , he continue to struggle against the junk that pin he as we ... CUT to : ext . " inside " and outside the mountain - day - a little later todd 's head , cake with blood , appear from the junk like a man look out of a cave . wind seize at he hair furiously . he look up , see four pale sun in the sky ... just as a huge steel lathe come somersault down from above like a loose boulder , and todd have to duck hastily to avoid certain death . as the heavy steel tumble down the slope below he , wind pluck a twelve - foot I - beam from the slope next to he and whip it off in a frenzy . holding on for dear life , todd look down at the ground four hundred foot below and see a bleak wasteland strewn with junk shifting and skitter in the wind . he notice something and react . Far down on the floor there be a strange pattern of line ... and move along one of the line be four tiny figure ... they could be human ... but maybe not ! for a moment todd watch they . then he start to climb downward through the labyrinth of junk " inside " the mountain , and we ... CUT to : ext . lower on " junk mountain " - day - minute later Far down the slope , perhaps forty foot from the foot of the massive mountain , todd 's head poke out of the confusion of junk and he look down at the figure below . see more closely , the figure be more distinct , but no less mysterious . heavy outer garment like huge parkas and hood blur they individual shape as they inch across the landscape , apparently clutching one of several crisscross wire that stretch tautly for mile across the bleak terrain like " road " through the wind . todd watch as one of the figure move off the " road . " he 's trail rope that attaches he to the other as he struggle through the wind , walk almost on all four like a ape . todd watch the figure move among bit of junk until he locate something he want , pick it up , and start to struggle back toward the other , drag he burden after he . todd be watch what would seem to be some sort of scavenge process by this strange unearthly figure as we ... CUT to : ext . fading sun - dusk - later the four sun be change color , dimming in the sky , as we ... CUT to : ext . landscape and " junk mountain " - dusk tiny in the distance , the four figure be move together along a cable , head away from the junk mountain . at ground level now , todd be watch they , crouch behind a massive transformer that teeter slightly in the wind in spite of its great bulk . peek around the shelter transformer , he spot one of the taut cable lash to a enormous piece of junk near the foot of " he " mountain . the cable be twenty yard away in a " canyon " of junk and he will have to move across open space partially expose to the wind in order to get to it . he start out from behind the transformer ... whoooooo ! scream wind lift he and hurl he thirty foot , he arm flail . he come down even further from the cable , struggle to keep on he foot . gritting he tooth , he fight the wind , struggle toward the cable . suddenly a chunk of steel whip at he and he duck just in time as it whistle close to he head . todd drop to the ground and start to crawl " under the wind , " toward the taut cable , and we ... CUT to : ext . " steel henge " - dusk - later see by todd , the four tiny figure be far ahead , disappear in the distance and the dusk . follow they on a taut wire , todd be pass through a barren landscape punctuate by strange ruin , great shape of steel thrust out of the ground and loom over and around he , vaguely recognizable as the wreckage of a space vehicle that must have crash long ago . the mountain of junk squat a mile behind he . he 's come a long way , it 's almost dark , he 's weak . he hang onto the wire , walk with effort . he can no longer see the creature ahead of he on the wire . he notice something thirty yard off the wire to the right . steel cross . maybe a hundred of they . a cemetery . just then , the wind catch todd , yank he , but he hang onto the wire , hold on desperately , as the wind pull at he and make he flap like a pennant in the breeze . then the wind die enough for he to get both hand on the wire and get weakly to he foot . for a moment he look like he might collapse , but he do not , and we ... CUT to : ext . landscape - night at night the four sun glow darkly like night light . todd be alone on the planet , punish by the savage wind , struggle along the wire , shiver . every stop be a effort , but the eye stare into the dark and they reveal no emotion , not even when he suddenly tense , see something ahead . in the distance a faint light glow . todd consider it as we ... CUT to : ext . window / skylight - night - moment later the window be detach plexi from some kind of vehicle , embed in a low mound of " earth " like a skylight . whatever be make the light come from below in a sort of hut that slope only inch above the ground . todd be hang onto the cable only ten yard from the strange window . he can see more of they glow all around he , as well as silhouett pipe issue smoke to the wind . todd drop to he belly to keep under the wind . he crawl ten yard to the window and pear through it . todd be Pov of a fantastic confusion of color and movement see through the thick scratch plexiglass window . the wild blur of activity make no sense to he whatsoever , nor do the very faint squeal of sound barely audible over the deafen roar of the wind . ( what he 's see in the room below be a violent pillow fight between eight boy and girl range from four to ten year old . wearing cotton shift dyed red , blue , or yellow they be smack each other violently with rag pillow and laugh happily in a dormitory - style full of stack bunk . ) angle on todd , prone on the " roof , " mystify . he 's never see anything like it . his grease - cover face barely reveal he puzzlement when he be suddenly distract by a change in the wind . the roaring wind that have dominate the environment since he first arrive have diminish to a strong breeze . todd try sit up . the breeze do not overpower he . he look around . the meaningless shriek of the pillow fight , though still muffle by heavy plexiglass , be louder now , but todd 's attention be on the other window / skylight that glow from this strange " roof " and on the strange sound that 's come to he , borne on the breeze ... a musical sound . struggle weakly to he foot , todd stagger toward the next window . the music be louder as he approach -- it 's waltz music play on a accordion . todd drop to he knee and peer through the next window . todd be Pov through the second " window , " another mysterious vision ! the color and movement be more subdued , but todd be just as puzzle . what he 's see indistinctly through the thick plexiglass be a overhead view of a man and a woman glide across the floor , move as one , first this way , then that , in time to a waltz . in the corner , another person be make a strange movement that seem to initiate the music ... angle on todd , flat on the roof . now that the weak breeze have give way to a deathly stillness , the mysterious ( to he ) music be clearly audible as todd peer through the plexiglass at the warm scene below , as puzzle by the waltzing couple as by the pillow fight . then he get to he foot again and in the stillness make he way past a smoking chimney toward the next window . halfway there he freeze ... listen ! a strange haunt whistling sound be come from somewhere ... todd look around at the blackness beyond the roof window . there 's nothing visible ... the mysterious sound be louder now , drown out the music ominously , drown out everything , everything , everything . suddenly todd understand , but he 's too late ... rooooooooooaar ! it 's the wind , back with renew fury , more powerful than ever ! todd be hurtle into the air , toss head over heel by the wind , struggle , clutching at empty air in vain , buffete , slam to the ground , lift again before he can flatten himself , toss violently , somersaulted helplessly ... ext . inside a trench wham ! todd be slam face first to the ground . for a long moment he 's motionless , untouched by the howling wind for reason that be not clear . finally he roll over weakly and look up . in the weak light he can just make out the steep earthen wall of a narrow trench loom eight foot straight up , protect he from the wind howling overhead . todd try to get up ... but the fall have injure he leg and he slump to the floor of the three - foot - wide trench , too weak and injure even to crawl . lying there , barely conscious , gasp for breath , he suddenly see something . shoe ! less than a foot from he bloody face . he manage to lift he head a little and look up . silhouett by the light spilling from a open door in the trench wall be four child ... ellen , ten , will , six , tommy , five , and johnny , eight . barely conscious , todd can just make out the astonishment on they blurred shadowy face as they look down at he in amazement . then they go out of focus altogether as todd slump unconscious and everything go black black black , and we ... CUT to : int . meeting room - night voice , confusion . about fifty people be jamme into the low - ceiling meeting room , all of they talk at once . they be pioneer , man and woman of all age and many race , a hardy , weathered - look group dress in plain clothes of mute color . they face seem to have be etched by the wind with deep line , the skin burnish , and even the young one have crow 's foot around the eye from squinting . as they chatter excitedly , ask each other what happen , who find he , where , and so on , a sharp - face fifty - ish woman , hawkins , be stand behind a table in the front of the room , call for order . hawkins please ! quiet , please ! just as the hubbub finally die down , a grizzle pioneer name slade bellow loudly at she . slade just tell I one thing ! how many of they be there and be they armed ? hawkins stare slade down , refuse to speak until she have real silence . when she finally speak , she voice be calm and control . hawkins there in a man ... one man . he be find in the trench by several child ... a sudden murmur die away quickly under hawkins ' hard stare . hawkins this man be not armed . a murmur go through the crowded room , then a woman name elise speak over the hum of voice ... elise how could there only be one ? how could he get here ? hawkins glance toward mace , a muscular , bearded man , about thirty . mace he be unconscious . we could not ask he anything . he -- a commotion in the back room cause mace to break off as jimmy pig , a clean -shaven burly - look pioneer in he thirty , push he way in , follow by four more pioneer . all five of then be wear they huge hood parkas , strange eskimo - type wind goggle , and carry weapon . jimmy pig nothin ' out there . we could not see nobody , could not see no ship , no vehicle , nothin ' ... plus the wind 's up again real strong . a excited hubbub . hawkins be try to restore order when slade shout over the commotion . slade they be hide , I bet . hawkins ignore he as she speak with firm authority . hawkins let 's everybody calm down right now ! ( beat ; silence ; then ) we have a injure man among we . one man . a traveler . unarm . ( another pause ; then ) we all want to do the decent thing . the decent thing be to help he . mace 's wife , Sandra , be look after he now . now , I would like a vote of support on this course of action from all of you . the way she say it , you know she 's use to get she way , and , in fact , pioneer be exchange glance and nodd when slade shout again . slade you keep a eye on he , mace ! you watch he ! CUT to : int . bedroom - night todd be on he back in a bed in a tiny earth - wall bedroom . he stare stupidly at the woman bend over he . she be sandra , a woman of twenty - five who be attractive , but not in a glamorous way . it 's a very natural beauty wear with intelligence and dignity . she 's wiping away blood and grease from todd 's face . todd 's eye flick around the room even as he lie motionless . he see a window high on one wall . he see old - fashioned magazine picture and bit of pattern material hang here and there for decoration . clothing hang from peg on the wall . he do not see the look in sandra 's eye as she discover the savage scar on he forehead or the sergeant 's tattoo on he cheek . eyeing this telltale mark , sandra pour liquid into a spoon and hold it to he lip . sandra want to try some more of this ? todd swallow weakly . sandra smile , stand up , move toward the door . sandra you rest now . I will give you more later . todd watch she exit . he hear she voice in the next room ... a low murmur . he 's look around again when a noise make he look back toward the door . a two - year-old be crawl into the room on hand and knee . the baby boy , nathan , stop just inside , see todd in the bed . nathan look into todd 's eye with childlike interest and wonder . todd meet the look with that blank soldier 's eye . int . " live room " a second tiny room next to the bedroom be the rest of the mace / Sandra / Nathan live quarter . mace and sandra be deep in conversation . mace what do you mean he 's survive worse ? do he say something ? sandra no , but he 's cover with old wound , all sort of scar . knife scar , bullet scar , burn . mace ( worried ) a soldier ! sandra there be word on he shoulder . tannhauser Gate , the Argentine sector , Montana , Bolivia , shanghai 2012 ... mace the tannhauser Gate be a battle ... mace and sandra look into each other 's eye , very worried . then ... sandra we will have to sleep on the floor . mace ( suddenly alarmed ) where 's Nathan ? mace be look around . he spot the open door to the bedroom , hurry to it , and disappear . sandra start after he , look worried ... but before she get to the door , mace reappear with nathan safely in he arm . mace if there 's any danger to Nathan -- sandra ( interrupt grimly ) I will not permit danger to Nathan . mace and sandra lock eye in firm understanding as we ... CUT to : int . war ship - " day " explosion ! scream ! smoke ! a siren ! we be in some kind of war ship in outer space during a battle . the interior be a lot like the interior of a submarine , cramped even in the best condition and right now the condition be awful as soldier in bulky space suit stumble through thick smoke while a siren whoops urgently and wounded soldier scream in agony . whoooom ! another explosion ! scream metal ! part of the bulkhead be shot away and the suction be like wind , rip soldier out of the hole into space .. we focus on a soldier in a space suit who 's wedge himself behind a cannon . as we look closely at he visor , we recognize todd who 's fire back at the enemy while all around he soldier be scream and die as we ... CUT to : int . bedroom - morning sudden silence ! todd blink awake . he look around . it 's the same bedroom , but morning light be stream in the high window . he can hear sound ... laughter ... come from beyond the door . int . other room nathan be wobble forward with wide eye as mace hold one of he hand and sandra hold the other . they be teach the child to walk , encourage each step . but when they let go , nathan totter forward only one step before landing flat on he ass . mace and sandra laugh , make the whole thing a game , and nathan , after a moment of confusion , join in the laughter . it 's a warm moment until sandra , sense a presence , turn toward the bedroom , suddenly serious . mace follow she look . todd be stand in the doorway , support himself on the door frame ... he soldier 's eye full of unspoken menace ... one leg heavily bandage . sandra ( nervous ) you must be ... you must be feel better . todd say nothing . his eye flick to nathan . mace be watch todd sharply . mace we be teach the boy to walk . sandra ( nervously fill silence ) he 's late learn . he be sick for a long time . todd say nothing . his eye follow mace who 's go to the corner where he 's seize a heavy metal rod that might be a weapon . todd tense . ready . dangerous . as mace turn toward he , mace do not notice the danger in todd be eye . mace I get something for you . he innocently approach with the metal rod . Super alert , todd watch mace hold the rod out to he . mace here . todd look mistrustful . mace like this . mace demonstrate , use the rod like a cane . mace see ? expressionless , watch mace use the cane . mace practice with it . in a day or two maybe you will be strong enough to go out to the garden with Sandra . mace never even realize how much danger he be in . CUT to : int . other room - day - a little later todd 's heavy boot come close to nathan , the cane clump down , just miss he . nathan look up with open-mouthed innocence and childlike wonder at todd who loom past he , walk very cautiously with the help of a cane . todd look down at nathan . they eye meet for a moment . todd be wear one of the heavy parkas the pioneer wear . sandra answer a knock at the door , open it , revealing ellen , the ten -year -old , in the doorway . behind she be johnny and will , as well as several other child of various age . ellen I come for Nathan . but ellen 's eye be on todd and so be the other crowd behind she to peep over she shoulder . they all want to get a look at todd , but when he look in they direction , they retreat shyly . sandra be wear a parka too . she pick up nathan from where he 's sit near todd 's foot and carry he to the door , give he a kiss , then hand he to ellen . nathan start to cry and hold he arm out to he mother as ellen hug he and comfort he . todd watch the drama as ellen and sandra comfort the child and soothe he fear at be separate from he mother . nothing show in todd 's eye ... but affection seem to fascinate he . as ellen and she cohort hurry off with nathan , they sneak over - the-shoulder glance at the strange monster , todd . just then mace , dress in a heavy parka also , come out of the bedroom and head for the door . mace let 's go . come on , sergeant . mace be head out the door as we ... CUT to : ext . inside the trench - night - minute later single -file , a dozen pioneer move along a trench as the wind scream overhead . we discover the cane and boot of todd among they . the man in front of todd glance back at he occasionally , curious , while mace and sandra walk behind he . as they pass hut , there be window high in one sloping wall of the trench . todd do not notice the distort face of the child peer out at he , they nose press against the plexiglass , full of curiosity as we ... CUT to : ext . a junction of trench - day Three trenches meet . some of the pioneer move off to the leave , some to the right . mace be go leave , but sandra guide todd toward the right with she . sandra this way ... mace give she a wave . he wave at todd too . todd look confuse at the wave , then he salute . mace be startle by that . he sort of grin as we ... CUT to : ext . garden - day - later a nasty little snake , a ten-inch viper , slither through the dirt among the neat row of seedling grow there until ... squash ! one neat blow from the sharp edge of a trowel decapitate the viper . sandra flip the still wriggle thing aside and wipe she trowel clean in the dirt as todd watch with that blank snake eye of he . they be on all four in a garden . the garden be simply a much wider trench cover by a trellis so the light can be regulate . there be already neat row of vegetable be grow . behind they , kneel pioneer be plant new seedling and weed around more mature plant . sandra turn back to place a seedling in the dirt with only a offhand glance at the dead viper . sandra you have to watch out for they . they probably would not kill someone you size , not if you be healthy anyway . but they would make you pretty sick . someone smaller ... like I , or a child ... her meaning clear , sandra continue to demonstrate to todd how to plant the seedling in the earth . sandra in a month this one will be as big as that . todd follow she look to the other side of the trench where the plant be already eighteen inch high . other pioneer , work on they hand and knee also , be sneaking glance as todd , among they , a middle - age woman name judith and a older woman , emma . sandra frown one of they look away protectively as she select another seedling from a tray and hand it to todd . sandra here . you try one . todd look at it . he do not exactly look scared , but he handle it gingerly , seemingly intimidate by the delicate seedling . he start to plant it carefully as we ... CUT to : int . dine common - evening jabber voice , the click of utensil . heaping plate of food be be pass the length of long table set up in communal style . johnny be kick ellen under the table , will flip a piece of food at tommy when he mother , ilona , be not look , and the outspoken slade be lecture a pioneer name chester . slade you can not talk to a soldier no more than you can talk to a...a... bomb ! or a bullet ! they be train , they be kill machine . they get a objective and they go after that objective and nothing stop they but kill they . chester ( a glance over he shoulder ) just one ? to kill we all ? the conversation get the attention of johnny and will who stop food - fight to listen to the adult talk . slade first off , if there 's one , there 's more . that 's how it be , soldier travel in bunch . second , they do not waste soldier on folk like we , that 's for police ! train soldier to kill weakling like we be not what they call " cost effective . " chester then who do they fight ? slade other soldier ! there 's a say , " Soldiers deserve soldier . " angle on ilona notice will and tommy listen . ilona slade , hush up . angle on tommy and will glance toward the next table . angle on the next table where todd , wedge between sandra and mace , be eat like a machine , look neither right nor leave as people jabber all around he . angle on judith whisper to emma at a nearby table as she watch todd eat . judith you see how much he 's eat ? angle on slade who turn now and boldly address todd across the gap between the table ... slade I do not see how you can not remember how you get here , sergeant . there 's a sudden hush in the noisy room , break only by a few urgent whisper and a cough . todd look up from he food and meet slade be look . sandra scowl at slade as slade persist ... slade you be not a deserter , be you ... sergeant ? the silence be even more charge than before . sandra look alarmed . someone cough . the tension be unbearable . todd no , sir . a sigh of relief from everybody ! but slade press on . slade then how come you be not with you unit ? jimmy pig oh , come on , slade , let the man eat . slade it 's not a unreasonable question . ( to Todd ) how about it , sergeant ? on todd , actually struggle with the question ... remember . suddenly he blurt ... todd I be ... replace . mace replaced ? todd hesitates for half a second before answer . todd by a better soldier , sir . there be look exchange among the pioneer as we ... CUT to : ext . garden - day a little seedling be fitte into the earth gently . todd 's strong hand pat the earth around it . todd reach for another seedling . he 's one of a group of ten pioneer , all on they hand and knee , all work intently , silently . they seem to have accept he . nobody stare . todd be carefully patting the next seedling in the ground when something cause he to look up . five enemy soldier in tear and dirty uniform be loom over he , weapon point at he . all around they be a desert of sand stretch forever under a baking sun . one of the soldier kick todd . angle on emma , judith , and several other pioneer women exchange nervous glance as they look back to where todd 's kneel . there be no soldier ... but somehow , he 's trample several row of seedling . todd look toward they , confuse , disorient by he " memory . " the woman look away quickly , frighten , and we ... CUT to : int . other room - night sandra be change nathan 's diaper as she chatter , she back to todd . sandra ... and it get worse and worse . my father have not have any work in three month and ...also ... there be other thing ... violence ... political feeling . my father say he would hear it be better in the trinity moon . a lot of other people must have have the same idea because the ship be jamme with people ... mostly family . that 's probably why it break down ... overload . across the room , todd , wear a T-shirt and baggy pants be sit on a stool , he face impassive as ever . as sandra talk , she back to he , todd 's eye be on the contour of she body against the shift she 's wear . it 's very ... erotic . sandra even after they make the repair , it barely get off the ground , it be a old convert mining transport , a piece of junk to start with . it just ... drop . maybe you see what 's leave of it ... out there in the wind . a lot of people die . and we could not make any radio contact ... so we be stick here . nobody be happy about it . a few year later , when the dumper start come over and drop stuff , people try to get they attention with explosion and fire . but it do not work . they must be unmanned ... or they just do not care . maybe they think we be garbage too ! todd be face be as impassive as ever while he eye caress the shape of she body ... and she , unaware , continue to reminisce . sandra so there really be not any choice . people have to pull together and make the best of it . we become a ... community . as sandra maneuver nathan , todd catch glimpsis of she breast push against the material of the shift . she continue , still not notice where he attention be . sandra one good thing ... nobody bother we . who would want to fight over a godforsake place like this ? a wry laugh . she turn to put nathan down on the floor and catch todd 's eye just as he shift they quickly from she breast . for a moment it 's awkward ... she look at he ... then she recover . sandra I guess that 's what you like ! the fight , I mean . the war . ( unsure , a question really ) you must ... you be a soldier ... todd do not answer as we ... CUT to : int . corridor ( and meeting room ) - day the child be peek around a doorway , watch something in the meeting room . hawkins , come along the dirt - wall corridor , spot the child ahead . hawkins you child be suppose to be do lesson . the child barely acknowledge she as she come even with they . she look at what they be look at . what they be see through the doorway be todd , shirtless , do a eerie sequence of tai chi exercise . his muscular body ripple , revealing a incredible map of scar tissue that speak eloquently of the life he 's lead ... gash mark , long zipper of stitches , the pucker patch of burn . hawkins watch for a long moment , she eye worried . in the midst of a slow graceful movement , todd suddenly whirl and deliver a lightning blow to a unseen enemy with amazing speed and fury , the terrible force contain in the movement all too obvious . even as hawkins and the child gasp silently , todd return to the graceful , almost balletic movement , even spookier now , that precede the deadly thrust . the child 's eye be like saucer , they jaw agape . hawkins shudder ... and break the hypnotic spell , speak aloud to the child . hawkins Lessons . CUT to : ext . inside trench - night it 's dark , the wind 's howling just above the trench wall as todd peer into a faintly light window in the wall of the trench . todd' Pov through the bedroom window reveal a tender moment between mace and sandra as they enter the bedroom and kiss . a flicker candle on a low table , the only light , exaggerate they shadow . angle on todd , he face revealing no feeling as he turn away . Light spill from other window , some more brightly light , as todd begin to jog along the trench , gradually pick up speed , until he 's run hard through intermittent pool of light in the maze of dark trenches . CUT to : ext . barren waste - day stillness ! no wind ! everything be quiet . bit of junk be strewn across the landscape under the four sun . mace' voice ( o.s. ) she 's down now , but she will come up again . always do . ext . inside a trench as mace continue talk to todd , he load the pocket of he heavy parka with miscellaneous hunk of metal . mace ( continue ) that 's why we be weigh down . and that 's why we be always on the wire even when the wind 's down , like now . you do not get much warning . here , load up , you will want the weight , I promise . mace hand heavy hunk of metal to todd who 's wear a parka like mace be . he pocket the metal obediently . behind they a small crowd of pioneer be do the same : jimmy pig , slade , chester , red , a woman name sally and several other . in addition to the parkas , they wear eskimo- style eye-protector and carry canteen , tool , and coil of rope attach to various part of they outfit . angle on mace notice todd eyeing the rifle jimmy pig be carry . mace oh , we be not go to shoot anything . that 's not what we mean by " hunt . " ( then , laugh , to Jimmy pig ) Jimmy pig , you be not go to shoot anything , be you ? jimmy pig ( laugh ) what could I hit ? mace ( to Todd ) it 's how we call for help . two shot . there will be someone on duty , listen in case we get off the wire and get lose or something . we have flare too . come on . other be already climb the ladder out of the trench to the surface above as mace urge todd to follow . CUT to : ext . " steel henge " - day it 's very still , no wind . the little group of pioneer be move along a wire that pass close to the tower ruin of the wreck spaceship . they be tiny figure in the vast landscape . closer on todd and mace as they plod along in the line of pioneer . mace indicate the wreck off to the right . mace Sandra say she tell you how we wound up here . we parent and so on . ( turn leave , indicate ) over here , we call this " catcher trenches . " todd follow he look to a long open trench lead , apparently , nowhere . mace ( continue ) smaller stuff that blow across the ground , it fall in this trenches , it work sort of like a filter . we go through the trenches sometimes and get some good stuff . as they pass close along the trench , todd look in and observe the trench be knee deep in muddy water with rusty machine part and assort junk protrude . mace chuckle at the sight . mace we try to work them when they be dry . it 's lousy go in there when they be flood . you can see ... a sudden shout , " heyyup ! yo ! " distract they . todd look forward , see red point to a chunk of steel a hundred yard off the wire . angle on jimmy pig , already fasten he safety rope and a second rope to the wire , then head off toward the piece of steel , trail the two rope . angle on mace , explain the procedure to todd . mace whatever look useful , if we can get a rope to it , we will go for it . but you can not ever go further than you safety line because it will come up on you with sometimes maybe ten second or even less . todd be watch jimmy pig as he approach the piece of steel and start to attach he rope to it . mace like right now . you hear that ? todd listen . nothing at first ... then a very faint whistling . the sound he hear that first night when he be on the settlement " roof . " mace it 's close when you hear that . todd can see jimmy pig . he 's attach the rope to the steel and he give a signal . as pioneer start to haul on the line , pull the steel toward they , mace shout at jimmy pig . mace she' gonna blow , jimmy . jimmy wave , start back toward they . mace indicate for todd to help haul the steel and the two of they be just join in the effort when ... whoooooooooo ! the wind be sudden and ferocious ! it stagger they ! mace grab on , sergeant ! todd follow mace be example and , like the other , grab the wire and hang on as the wind scream and tear at they . one of the pioneer , chester , shout , point . they all see jimmy pig be blow faster than he can run , he leg churn desperately to keep up with he wind - propel body . to no avail ! he 's suddenly airborne , he leg still churn like cartoon leg as he flap helplessly at the end of he safety tether like a kite , fifty foot in the air . a eighty - pound steel barrel blow past , tumble in the wind . bit of junk zip dangerously around like missile . angle on the pioneer , crouch low on they knee against the wind , clutching the wire with one hand while they pull on jimmy pig be safety line . but the wind be too strong ... until suddenly todd be pull , and todd be strength make the difference ... slowly jimmy pig be pull toward they ... and Pioneers exchange amaze glance at todd be strength . as he pull , todd notice what the other do not ... angle on the rifle drop by jimmy pig , ten yard away . angle on jimmy pig as he 's haul safely in to the group of pioneer who clap he on the back and hug he . chester be laugh so hard he can barely stand up as he try to describe and mimic jimmy desperate effort to outrun the force of the wind ... chester ( shouting , guffaw ) jimmy ... running ... can 't ... ha ha can 't... keep up with himself ... ha ha ha ... chester break off , suddenly sober , stare off , and the other turn to see what he 's look at . everybody stop laugh . angle on todd , carefully move away from the wire to retrieve the rifle !!! the wind be drop off some , enough to stand . angle on mace and the other pioneer reacting with alarm at the sight of todd pick up the rifle . angle on todd as he turn , rifle in hand . todd be Pov of the pioneer stare at he , the wind diminish further . angle on todd look toward they . nothing show on he face . angle on slade look sour . trouble ! just what he expect . angle on mace , take a deep breath , smile as he move toward todd , hold out he free hand for the rifle ... mace uh , thanks , sergeant . thanks a lot ... but mace break off , realize that todd be attention be elsewhere . todd be beyond mace toward the landscape . mace ( and the other pioneer ) turn to see what todd be look at . angle on the " junk mountain " in the distance , several mile off , where , hover high above the junk mountain , a ancient dumper ship issue a steady stream of metal and concrete debris onto the junk heaps far below . the faint thunder of the refuse tumble onto the steep slope be just audible over the SOUND of the wind . close on todd , as realize how he get here . angle on mace , reacting to todd be intense interest . mace dumper . they come every twenty or thirty day . as todd turn and look at mace , mace put out he hand again for the gun . todd seem to notice the weapon in he hand for the first time . unhesitatingly , he hand the rifle to mace ... as mace casually take the weapon , the pioneer breathe a sigh of relief , grin again as the tension ease . todd have turn he gaze back to the dumper ship , fascinate . so that 's what they do to he ! just then , jimmy pig clap todd heartily on the shoulder . jimmy pig thanks , partner . this no - goods woulda just let I blow away . todd , reacting to the smack on he shoulder , look at jimmy pig like what be that ? be you hit I ? but all the pioneer be gather around todd in such a jovial manner that the puzzle soldier sort of understand this be not a attack . CUT to : int . office ( other world ) - night a christmas tree ! the corny little tree with plastic needle , blink light , and top with a super cute angel be only a foot high . it 's sit on church 's cluttere desk next to frame photograph of church 's wife and child . we can hear mekum 's voice badly transmit ... mekum ( v.o. ) sorry to disturb the tranquillity of outer space on Christmas Eve , but I be off to the Caribbean in a few hour , and I want to make sure you would get the transmission on the security sweep . glowering at the monitor where mekum 's badly transmit video image be quivering and distorting , church wave the print - out map he 's hold in he hand , a map show hundred of little dot against a vast field , star and moon in the vast sea of space . rubrick and sloan watch as church address mekum 's image indignantly . church we get it all right . this be a outpost here , not the third Army ! you have get we secure thirty - four location and erecting monitor unit in one month and -- mekum ( interrupt ) piece of cake , guy ! this be totally remote , totally uninhabited territory . all you do be set down , send out a patrol purely as a formality , then have that veteran of yours put up a a- type unmanned monitoring unit . you should be on about number twenty - five by the time I get back from my vacation ... church what if we do run into people ... say squatter or refugee ? mekum ( a frown ) well , you sure as hell do not want to get involved in evacuate people and that sort of thing . ( then , meaningfully ) my advice would be to ... " avoid paperwork . " church eliminate they , you mean . mekum well , no one 's out there , but officially this be " hostile zone . " therefore you would be within you rights to classify anyone as " hostile , " I think . but I repeat , you should be worried about boredom , not action . any other question before I go ? church hesitates . sloan and rubrick look at he . then church blurt a question , he voice break ... church down there ... be it snow ? mekum ( a smirk ) not in the Caribbean . have a good Christmas , guy . see you when I get back . mekum' image disappear and the video screen go blank , leave a glum silence break only by the drumming of the rain on the roof . church moodily stroll toward he desk , and he eye go to the photograph . his wife and child smile back at he from the picture . just then sloan tap he , and be turn to see she hand he a cup full of amber liquid . sloan merry Christmas , Captain . rubrick be pour another glass from a bottle of scotch as the little tree wink on and off , and we ... CUT to : int . barracks - night silence . darkness . dim shape in the darkness , hard to distinguish . rain beat on the roof monotonously , relentlessly . the room be alive with breathing . then we hear a muffled whoop from outside . the darkness be tense , the breathing change rhythm . the rattle of the door break the quiet . the door swing open , a flashlight stab the dark . a woman giggle : sloan ! the flashlight beam and waver in the darkness , catch brief glimpsis of the face of the new soldier . they eye glitter in the lurching beam , they face be ghostly like vampire . rubrick switch on a dim overhead lamp as he and sloan ( hold the flashlight ) and church stagger drunkenly into the bunkhouse , carry a couple of half - empty bottle . sloan hi , fella . at ease ! rubrick merry Christmas , everybody . eye rivete on the three officer , the new soldier be unresponsive to Christmas cheer . in fact , they look almost angry , like big dangerous animal , as the three officer stagger stupidly down the row of bunk , every eye follow they . church we bring you a little Christmas tree . church almost fall over as he place the tree on the floor as stone face watch he without expression , rubrick wave a couple of bottle . rubrick and some good cheer . sloan , giggle , do a provocative bump and grind . sloan how about some Christmas pussy , guy ? anybody for a quick piece ? the new soldier do not react . Stone face . rubrick ( smirk ) that 's " conduct unbecome , " sloan . sloan it 's Christmas ! have not you hear of piece on earth ? " piece on earth , " get it ? church ( suddenly serious , sober ) Christ , I wish we be on Earth . rubrick set three bottle down and indicate they to the new soldier . rubrick eat , drink , and be merry , man . for tomorrow you go on patrol in the " hostile zone . " rubrick burp stupidly as the new soldier stare back at he from they bunk , muscle bulg , eye glitter , nothing but danger in they stone face as we ... CUT to : int . pioneer meeting room - night " jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle all the way . " in sharp contrast to the gloom of the soldier Christmas , the pioneer , men , women and child , be singing and celebrate . there 's a six - foot carve wooden tree festoon with makeshift decoration and ringed with heaps of present in crude wrapping . there 's a appetizing look buffet and a punchbowl . angle on todd seat against a wall not far from the door . he stare uncomprehendingly at the merriment all around he . what on earth be go on ? what be they do ? jimmy pig be march around in a Santa Claus costume , doling out present to ellen , will , tommy , johnny and other child . jimmy pig ho ho ho ! ho ho ho ! pass todd , jimmy pig acknowledge he with a wink and a special " ho ho ho . " todd be eye give away he confusion . what the fuck be this ? jimmy pig in a fake beard and a fake stomach ? this be the craziest shit todd have ever encounter . angle on nathan , a wrap present in hand . he have not a clue what it be or what he should do with it . laugh , mace and sandra hover over he , show he how to pull the wrapping off . great idea ! nathan like pull wrapping off ! that 's fun . sandra and mace watch joyfully as nathan tear at the wrapping enthusiastically . angle on todd get to he foot . angle on nathan pull away the last of the wrapping to expose a pull toy , a metal bird on crude wheel make of wire and junk . mace take the toy , demonstrate pull it . the wing flap as the wheel turn ! nathan react with delight and amazement ! then grab it ! a sudden screech ... angle on todd look alarmed . he 's on he way to the door , but emma be charge at he , shrieking !!! not sure whether this be a attack or not , todd watch the older woman scramble onto a stool next to he , still shrieking giddily . as todd eye she ( and everybody else ) warily , she give he a peck on the cheek and point over head . todd look up , see a strange cloth decoration with a sign on it that say " mistletoe . " means nothing to todd . there 's a burst of applause as emma scramble off the stool . somebody start to sing " GOD rest ye merry gentlemen . " a montage of face : jimmy " santa " pig , mace , sandra , red , chester , sally , ellen , hawkins , even slade , singing . angle on the door . no sign of todd ! go ! CUT to : ext . " roof " - night - minute later a low wind moan and mingle with strain of " oh , holy night " as todd belly up to the " skylight " and peer down at the scene below in the meeting room . todd' Pov through the skylight . the merriment have evolve into a more spiritual mood as the pioneer join in the solemn hymn . but todd spot nathan try to pull he pull toy along so the wing flap . nathan be pretty wobbly and he go down hard and start to cry . immediately sandra disengage from the adult and rush to the sobbing nathan and clutches he to she breast , soothing he ... and mace join she , hover over he son . angle on todd , watch . after a moment , todd scramble off the roof and drop into the adjoin trench while " oh , holy night " continue to blend with the soughing wind . ext . inside the trench lit by spill from a window in the wall of the trench , todd start do push-up . one-two-three-four-five-six-fast-fast-fast-fast . CUT to : int . corridor and meeting room / settlement - ( another ) day hawkins be walk along the corridor outside the meeting room when she hear strange sound . she approach the door and look in . ellen and other child ( include nathan ) be play child 's game on the floor , pay no attention to the source of the strange noise ... johnny and will . johnny and will be do exercise , obviously inspire by todd 's martial calisthenics , and include the sudden violent movement . as the two boy make they ritual grunt noise , hawklns frown a worried frown , and we ... CUT to : ext . trench garden - day the seedling have grow to twelve- inch stalk . sandra be pull some from the ground as todd imitate she . she show he the fat edible root . sandra we will eat this . other pioneer be also harvest , with occasional glance at todd as we ... CUT to : int . other room - day Cleaning vegetable , sandra be separate the root , shaking the dirt off , cut away the excess . todd be carefully follow she example , cut the stalk away with the knife . nathan be totter across the floor a a beginner 's wobbly leg . sandra it seem like he be never go to walk . then all of a sudden ... he 's a expert . whump ! nathan fall on he ass . sandra ( a laugh ) well , not quite a expert . todd watch sandra go to nathan and hug he affectionately . turn back to the vegetable , stone face , todd cut he finger . blood flow . he ignore it , continue work ... but sandra , return to the vegetable , notice todd 's cut finger and immediately grab a rag and take he hand . todd look startle be she take he finger . then , staunch the blood with the rag , she look he in the eye , curious . sandra sergeant Todd ... what 's it like ... what 's it like be a soldier ? what 's it like ...? todd stare at she , try to process the question . see he difficulty sandra try to help ... sandra what do you think about ? no answer , a stare . sandra do you think about food ? or woman ? you must think about something . todd gulp . his blank stare could pass for stupidity . sandra what about feeling then ? you must have feeling . you must feel something . todd wet he lip . he seem about to answer ... and yet it 's difficult for he . he could kill a person easier . on the floor nathan goo happily , oblivious . todd ( at last ) fear . sandra ( startle ) fear ! you mean ... you feel afraid ? ( as he nod ) that 's when you be in battle ... what about other time ? now , for example ? todd fear . sandra ( amaze ) now ? todd always . a stunne silence . finally sandra speak ... sandra you do not ... look afraid . you look fearless . todd look at she . this be incredibly difficult for he , like physical labor . he wet he lip and take a breath . todd fear and ... discipline . sandra ( grow horror ) oh , my God . but there 's nothing to be afraid of here . I can not hurt you . I would not . todd always . it make we ... alert . sandra be overwhelm . she reach for he , hug he to she breast like a little baby , hold he . but todd be as tense in she arm as steel . he can not relax . he 's even tremble . nathan , on the floor , look up , smile innocently . sandra let go of todd and step back , look at he , she face troubled , as we ... CUT to : int . meeting room - day ellen be supervise block building ( babysit ) with several of the young child ( omar , bucky , angie and janice ) while will and tommy play they own separate game close by . then will look up and see something disturbing . will you be not suppose to do that anymore . he 's speak to johnny who be do martial exercise . johnny so what ? I be a soldier . will they be gonna kick he out . ellen look up from the block . ellen they can not kick he out ... will they be gonna . my father -- ellen ( interrupt strongly ) my mother say when someone 's sick or hurt , you have to help they . you do not have a choice . johnny ( get interested ) yeah , but what if the hurt person be ... evil ? ellen you still have to help they ... because if you do not , you be evil ! will ( importantly ) my father say ...uh... he say , " Soldiers deserve soldier . " tom yeah . that 's what my father say too . ellen my father 's make sergeant Todd a scarf because he save he life one time . he 's knitting it . will that 's dumb . you father 's dumb . will be smirk with satisfaction at have settle that when out of nowhere ellen 's little fist hit he hard on the nose . will look stunne . blood ooze from he nose . he start to cry . ellen look horrify at what she 's do as we ... CUT to : int . other room - day the scarf ! it 's be knitted with a elaborate and colorful design . jimmy pig be wife ( o.s. ) Jimmy knitted it himself . he work on it for two month . sandra be examine the knitted scarf as jimmy pig and he wife stand in the doorway . sandra it 's beautiful , Jimmy . he will love it . jimmy pig look very embarrassed . he shrug . jimmy pig he save my life out there . I guess mace tell you . sandra ( nod ) you should give it to he yourself . I think he 's in the meeting room ... do ... exercise . jimmy pig nod , take the knitted scarf back from sandra as we ... CUT to : ext . alley / CITY - night frantic civilian , mostly woman and child , be illuminate by flash from rocket fire overhead as they scramble for cover amidst heavy crossfire from automatic weapon . a terrify little girl , separate from she family , seek shelter in a doorway when suddenly she 's confront by three soldier in red uniform loom over she . look up in abject horror , she see a red soldier casually pan he assault rifle , point the muzzle right at she from only a foot away , unmistakably flex to fire . blam ! suddenly the red soldier be blow backwards violently , shot in the chest . angle on todd , visore , in a tear black uniform , fire again . blam ! a second red soldier go down . click ! todd 's weapon jam . as the little girl , amaze to be alive , watch open mouth , todd swing he weapon like a club , attack the third red soldier before he can aim . then she run , leave todd savagely beat the third red soldier to death . todd be deliver a final savage blow to the prone body when a movement or shadow catch the corner of he eye and he whirl savagely to defend himself from behind -- int . meeting room - day whump ! jimmy pig be slam up against the wall of the meeting room , todd 's big hand around he neck . gurgle desperately , he eye pop out of he head , jimmy pig stare helplessly into todd 's merciless soldier eye and he stone face only inch away . todd blink . he see he 's get a terrify jimmy pig pin to the wall , he foot dangle two foot off the floor . slowly he lower jimmy pig to the floor . all jimmy pig can do be squeak desperately and point to the floor . jimmy pig scarf ! scarf ! todd look down . he see a knit scarf lie on the floor . he do not understand . he look up . he see jimmy pig be wife , hawkins , slade , and several other pioneer stand in the doorway of the meeting room , they stunne expression indicate they just see something horrifying . todd stand there , isolate , bare - chest , he huge muscle glisten with sweat , decorate with terrible scar and mysterious tattoo , as we ... CUT to : int . other live quarter - night eva , johnny 's mother , be reacting , horrify . eva what ....? what ... be ... that ? Chester ! chester ! chester , johnny 's father , rush in to see what the commotion 's about . angle on johnny in the tin cauldron that serve as a bath tub . johnny' bare chest and shoulder be cover with crude imitation of todd 's tattoo . johnny ( sullen ) that be my war mark . from the battle I fight . chester and eva exchange a look . CUT to : int . bedroom - night mace and sandra be lie awake in the bed in darkness . for a long moment they be both silent with the silence that come in a heavy moment in a conversation . then mace speak , he eye on the ceiling . mace there 's go to be a meeting . people be upset about he . sandra he 's not fully recover . mace that 's what scare people . he get stronger every day . they be both silent for a long moment . mace have something weigh on he mind that he hesitates to say ... but finally he say it . mace I have catch he .. sneaking look at you . at you body . sandra I know . a heavy silence , then ... sandra be you afraid of he , mace ? mace stare at the ceiling and speak with difficult honesty . mace yes. ( pause , then ) God know where he 's be ... or what he 's do . another pause before ... mace I have never be afraid of anyone before ... not this way . I feel he could break I in half ... with no real effort and no real ... feel . sandra he tell I he 's afraid . mace maybe he be . it do not matter . mace be stare grimly at the ceiling as we ... CUT to : int . windowless cement room - day or night ( flashback ) Silent and surreal , the event of 1986 continue with the passive four - year -old sit on the floor while the aggressive four - year - old look down at he , and other four - year-old gather ominously . it 's only now , as he get to he foot , suddenly trading vicious blow with the aggressive four - year -old that we realize that this passive boy be four - year -old todd . the boy do not fight like child ; they do not quit or cry as the blood flow . highly - polished shoe , sharply crease trousers , and eye glitter from the shadow be all that be visible of the faceless observer who make no move to interrupt the violence . four -year-old todd , he nose pour blood , exchange savage hurtful blow with he opponent , bloody he viciously , as we ... CUT to : int . other room - day ( present ) eye ! the adult todd blink away the memory , stare straight ahead ... into nathan be face , only six inch from he own . they be all alone in the room . it 's very quiet . nathan smile a tentative smile , raise a hand , reach out to touch todd be face affectionately , curiously , testing they friendship ... angle on todd , he eye . dangerous . he draw he face back enough to avoid be touch . nathan look unsure . he 's use to affection . then he realize ... it must be a game ! he reach out again ... again todd avoid the touch ... and as he do so , something catch he eye . todd see a viper slide across the floor toward nathan . nathan do not see it ; he 's still try to figure out this game . todd pull off he boot and hand it to nathan . nathan accept it , think it 's a gift . he 's pleased . it 's that kind of game ! he give todd a friendly " thanks for the boot " smile . todd point to the viper which be close to nathan now . nathan look at the viper . he do not understand what he 's suppose to do . todd make a hit motion with he hand . the viper be close to nathan , coiling . nathan look from the viper to todd . todd indicate the viper with he eye . his look be intense , a message in he eye . the viper be like a spring , it strike ... todd 's hand be like a blur , almost invisible as he catch the snake and flip it a couple of foot . nathan stare . the angry viper spit and hiss and coil to strike again . nathan look at todd . todd eye the boot , then indicate the viper with he eye . nathan frown ; he 's get the idea . the viper be about to strike again ... squash ! a heavy boot come down on the snake , crush it . todd look up to see mace stand on the snake , reach down for nathan . as mace hug the boy protectively to he chest , he glare down at todd with eye blaze with fury . todd meet the look without blink . he never blink . sandra ( o.s. ) what happen ? todd turn to see sandra stand in the bedroom door , she eye almost as hard as todd 's as we ... CUT to : int . meeting room - night todd stare impassively as hawkins address he ... hawkins no one here have any animosity toward you , sergeant . none of we here be you enemy . todd be stand in front of the room full of grim - face pioneer , all look at he . it 's like a court . hawkins be flanke by mace and sandra ... hawkins moreover , we respect you quality . we have no doubt that you be a very , very good soldier . as she speak , todd 's blank stare consider the weathered face of the pioneer face he . he see chester , eva , red with he wife , jimmy pig and he wife , slade and mrs . slade , judith , emma , sally . as hawkins continue , todd 's sharp eye pick out detail . he see jimmy pig open and close he hand nervously , he see slade finger a barely noticeable rifle barrel . chester have a weapon too . hawkins ( o.s. ) but , because of you training , I do not think you will ever be able to function in a group like this , a community of vulnerable people , of family , of child , where the ability to fight be not the sole purpose of existence . the pioneer be nervous , ready for trouble , afraid todd might take this badly and fly off the handle . as todd 's huge hand open ... and close , they eye be on it . he could pick up the table and hurl it at they , break man in half with he bare hand . his face be like stone , he eye like diamond chip as he glance toward sandra . todd see sandra be move , try to suppress she emotion , bite she lip , as hawkins go on ... hawkins you be different from we , sergeant . we do not hate you for that , but we have agree that to try to include you would pose a intolerable risk to the community itself . mace we will give you any tool you need , warm clothing , a good knife , boot . sandra ( emotionally ) and if you be ever sick ... or you get hurt ... mace you be a friend , sergeant . it 's just ... mace do not finish . todd 's eye glance again at the pioneer . they too seem move , not so ready to shoot . todd blink . once . and we ... CUT to : ext . inside the trench - morning ( wind ) todd be wrap in a heavy parka , he mouth wrap with the scarf jimmy pig knit , he eye cover with eye protector as mace hand he another sack in addition to the one already over he shoulder . mace if you need we ... you can ask we for help . todd glance at the knot of pioneer gather in the trench , all eye on he . sandra be among then with nathan in she arm . for just a second todd 's eye go to the cheerful face of nathan ; then he turn to mace . mace be startle to see todd pull the scarf from he mouth to speak . he 's never speak before unless speak to . todd it 's not true . ( then , with great effort ) I be not a good soldier . then todd replace the scarf over he mouth and start to climb out of the trench into the wind as we ... CUT to : ext . landscape ( and " steel henge " ) - day - later four sun glare down from the sky onto the vast , windswept wasteland . todd be a tiny dot in the vastness , travel like a bug along one of the long cable that stretch for mile and mile . he 's out by the skeleton of the old ship as we ... CUT to : ext . another planet - day a low sling armored vehicle on caterpillar tread rumble over a steep rocky terrain faintly backlit by a cold sun that loom enormously on the horizon while give off only a faint glow . hanging on to the outside of the insect- like scout vehicle ( call a " crawler " ) be two nasty - look new soldier in space suit design for battle , they heavy rocket rifle cradle and ready , they visor blank and ominous . int . crawler the husky sergeant , caine 607 , steer the vehicle and speak into a radio mike at the same time . caine 607 crawler , crawler to daddy . no hostile ! the gunner beside he and the new soldier in the back seat stare stoically out the window as caine 607 replace the mike . int . cockpit / " daddy " rubrick be sit at a console cluttere with coffee cup and half - finish cheeseburger , respond to the radio . rubrick all right , crawler , crawler , we get you . this be daddy . continue per , over . rubrick turn to church who 's stand in the cramped cockpit , stare out a window at the gloomy planet outside , watch the crawler creep over the terrain . rubrick we be clear . we can send a crew out . church ( bored ) sloan 's already on it . CUT to : int . crew quarter / " daddy " - day a oval hatch door swing open and sloan enter . veteran in coverall , slump or sprawle on steel - tiere bunk , scramble obediently to they foot , eye on sloam . sloan suit up , fella . time to go build another play house . as veteran start to pull space suit from under the bunk , sloan turn she back on they ... but hesitates before exite as though expect something . sure enough , veteran riley speak up . riley Sir . sloan yes , riley , what be it ? sloan say it even before she 's turn . she know who it would be . riley we have not be issue weapon , sir . sloan ( as to a child ) you will not need weapon , riley . you be not soldier anymore . riley ( salute ) yes , sir . sloan you do not even have to salute anymore . a simple " yes , sir " will do . riley swallow hard and with effort keep he hand from salute as he speak . riley y-y ...sir . sloan turn she back and exit . as the door close , riley , unable to restrain himself any longer , salute hastily as we ... CUT to : int . / ext . cockpit - day - later through the cockpit window in the bluish glare of a work - light , veteran , dress in space suit , can be seem erecting a prefab hut on the harsh moonscape . sloan be watch they through the window while behind she rubrick lounge with he foot on the console and read a current magazine on a vdt . church be partially visible in the background , poring over chart in the navigator 's cubicle . it 's very quiet until sloan speak , almost to herself . sloan every time it 's time to send they out , riley ask about weapon . and every time I tell he they do not need weapon anymore , they be not soldier anymore . rubrick ( eye on vdt ) Jesus ! it say here macy 's be go out of business . can you imagine that ? New York without macy 's ? silence . sloan watch the veteran outside through the window . they be work like a team of ant in space suit , erecting the hut . church get up noisily from the navigation cubicle and join they , shaking he head . church next one 's go to be a real pain in the ass . rubrick ( read , not interested ) yeah ? what flavor pain in the ass ? gravity pain in the ass ? atmosphere pain in the ass ? church how about a " gaseous current " and " urgent convection " pain in the ass . sloan I think you be try to say a " wind pain in the ass . " rubrick wind ! CUT to : int . pipe - day wind ! as the wind rage outside , todd , wear he parka , crouch over a tiny fire inside a huge open -end pipe twelve foot in diameter . he stare at the bleak , windy landscape outside he shelter . he look primitive , like a caveman , and very very alone as we ... CUT to : ext . pipe - dusk the fat section of pipe be twenty foot long squatting in the blow litter on the grim landscape in the shadow of the junk mountain . somehow that inanimate pipe also look lonely in the vastness as the four sun overhead darken toward evening . CUT to : ext . star - night star glitter behind the dimme sun as the wind howl and we ... CUT to : int . pipe - day the fire be nothing but coal . todd sit stoically over the ember , more alone than ever , chew on a piece of dry food , part of he spartan meal . as he chew , he stare blankly at nothing until ... a single tear crawl down one cheek . then another . todd look like a stone statue ooze tear . he reach up and touch the strange water with he finger , then study the finger , as though a tear be the most remarkable thing he 's ever see . he can not remember anything like this ; he cannot remember ever have cry . and suddenly , without warning , he 's convulse with tear , heaving with sob , alone in the big pipe with the pitiful little fire , bawling like a baby as we ... CUT to : int . bedroom - day a viper writhes across the floor through the pattern of light stream through the window , a sinister presence , full of menace and evil design . the viper wind its way toward a object that will prove in a moment to be a corner of the bad . smack ! the viper do not make it ! smack ! another blow from mace 's heavy boot be swing by hand . the viper coil and hiss angrily , wounded and dangerous . smack ! the boot again ! nathan wield it awkwardly , hit bravely at the hissing viper ! smack ! nathan hit again and ... mace roll over in the bed . smack ! mace come awake , look around . mace lunge from the bed . smack ! just as nathan give the damage viper another blow , mace snatch the boy in he arm and yank he away . sandra sit up in bad , look around , alarmed . mace be hold nathan , stare down at the viper . the viper have up the ghost , lie on the floor . mace hug nathan to he and look toward sandra . they both look at the boot . and at the dead viper . they eye meet and , for a long moment , they just look at each other . CUT to : int . other room - day - a little later mace be wear he parka , pull on he eye protector hurriedly as he open the door to the corridor . sandra 's voice make he stop and turn to she . sandra mace ! what about the vote ? everybody vote . mace glare at she for a moment , know she 's right . then he turn away and start out defiantly . mace we vote wrong ! sandra look relieved and worried at the same time and we ... CUT to : ext . landscape - day this time mace be the tiny figure struggle along the wire in the wind , alone on the vast landscape under four sun . CUT to : ext . outer space / " daddy " - " day " the military ship call " daddy " ( defend and attack deployment entity ) be a big ugly insect glide through a black silent void . on the grimy bulwark of the ship be the letter naf follow by serial number and the logo of the North american force . CUT to : int . cockpit - day close on space chart . church 's finger be indicate a tiny dot on the chart surround by a vast sea of space . church it 's a dump . literally . sloan and rubrick be look over church 's shoulder while a new soldier sit stoneface at the control console fly the ship . sloan no shit ! we be gonna set up a monitor on a garbage dump ! so we can monitor garbage rusting ? rubrick will the wind affect the patrol ? church the crawler be low enough and heavy enough , they will not blow . the man should wear armored vest and carry double weapon and ammo for the weight . they may have to use line too , like mountain climber . rubrick shake he head , snort disgustedly . CUT to : ext . outer space / " daddy " - " day " as the grimy skin of the ugly military ship loom across we vision , a tiny orb be visible off the bow in the distance , a remote world , destination of " daddy " as we ... CUT to : ext . cable / landscape - day alone , mace be pull himself along the cable as the wind buffet he . ahead the cable stretch past the skeleton of the ship and the " catcher trenches " toward the mountain of junk tower over the flat landscape several mile off . a heavy barrel blow by , then a old refrigerator tumble past . mace squint into the wind . off to the right about a quarter mile away he can see a big piece of pipe ... and a trail of smoke blow out of the pipe and disappear in the wind . mace struggle the cable past flood " catcher trenches " as we ... CUT to : ext . pipe / landscape - day - minute later the pipe lie fifty yard off the cable to the right . as mace pull even with it , he can see right inside . todd be stand just inside the mouth of the pipe , look straight out at mace ... but the light be behind he and mace can not see todd 's face as he shout at he . mace todd ! todd ! ( pause , then ) todd ! we want you to come back ! we made a mistake ! mace start toward he , let go of the wire , struggle in the wind . todd watch he come . mace stumble on , dance a few foot , recover , struggle toward todd , shout .... mace todd ! we're sorry ! we be wrong ! just then , a sharp gust stagger mace , drive he several yard toward a " catcher trench . " he 's teeter on the lip of the flood trench , about to fall in , when todd be strong arm grab he . they look like a strange four-foote beast as todd drag he through the wind in a awkward " embrace " toward the cable . once mace have the cable in he hand , he laugh and gasp ... mace damn ! thank you , Todd . God damn ! I almost take a ... a... swim there ! mace break off . Todd be not listen ; he 's look off toward the horizon . mace follow he look . five mile away he can see a ugly insect - shape spacecraft descend from about ten thousand foot . mace my ... God ! someone 's landing . todd do not answer . he 's stare at the descend ship with soldier eye and a stone face as we ... CUT to : int . corridor / settlement - day excitement , confusion . pioneer and child be clogging the narrow , earthen corridor , shouting excitedly , hurry outside . sandra open she door into the corridor , concerned ... sandra what 's go on ? judith someone 's landing ! Jimmy pig spot a ship ! sandra stand there stunne as excited pioneer mill past she , jam the corridor , and we ... CUT to : ext . cable - day todd be on the cable with mace , he eye on the squat beetle - like object crawl slowly toward then through the junk half a mile away . mace look at that . it 's some kind of vehicle . a landing party . hey ! mace raise he arm to wave . without take he eye off the approach crawler , todd grab mace 's arm and pull it down . mace look at todd , see the grim expression on todd 's stone face , and suddenly mace be worried too . int . crawler peer through binocular , a soldier in the front passenger seat , the gunner , nudge the driver and indicate something to the right . two tiny figure in the distance on a long cable . the driver be the beady - eye giant , caine 607 . reacting to what he see , he adjust the vehicle to the right . ext . crawler / landscape two ominous new soldier wear plexi-goggle and bulky armor under they uniform hang on the outside of the crawler in the wind , they waist dangle with weapon and equipment , big rocket rifle across they chest . they be look ahead toward the long cable , as they nasty - look vehicle grind slowly forward through the litter , a evil vision . ext . landscape todd and mace be run , todd in the lead , buffete by wind , struggle through a clutter of old machinery , diesel engine , turbine , scattered haphazardly on the flat desert floor . mace be run too , not as well , and todd have to reach back and grab he , pull he along ... mace ( gasp ) ...maybe ... they be ... ( gasp ) ... friendly ... int . crawler the gunner work a servomotor , aim a cannon , as he peer through a scope . through the scope , surround by digital readout , we see two tiny run figure ... ext . crawler balaam ! balaam ! the crawler cannon fire ... ext . landscape mace scream , he 's hurl wildly mid-stride , toss ten yard . todd look back , see he lie on the sand , scream in pain . todd turn back , sprinting , low , weaving , toss by the wind . whooom ! another shot . if the wind have not hit he , todd would have be hit . mace be scream . his right leg be go . todd get he , drag he , stumble . whoom ! another shot , another miss . todd struggle for cover , staggering in the wind with mace on he back . int . crawler through he scope , the gunner see todd and mace dive behind a big turbine . unhurriedly the gunner flick a switch on the dash . caine 607 nod approval . the gunner work the servo , bring the cannon to bear on the turbine . ext . turbine todd be drag mace along behind the cover of the turbine , glance back for what he know will occur . bawhoom ! the area where they disappear explode , chunks of steel fly . todd keep pull mace , who look half dead as ... bawhoom ! the turbine be hit again ! int . crawler through the scope , the gunner aim again and watch another chunk of turbine disintegrate . the gunner glance at the robot- face driver . they eye meet . caine 607 nod . obviously , they have kill the two man . the gunner point to the cable . caine 607 follow the look , nod , and alter the course of the vehicle in toward the cable as he reach for the radio mike . ext . abandoned engine / terrain todd be crouch over mace inside a abandon diesel engine not far from the disintegrated turbine . he 's make a tourniquet to stop the bleed from the stump of mace 's leg . mace look awful , pale , in shock . he speak weakly . mace oh , shit , Todd ... I be ... dead ... be not I ? I be not go to make it . todd meet he look but do not answer . he finish the tourniquet and turn he back on mace to peer out through a gap in the engine at the crawler . todd see the crawler approach the cable , watch it veer leave and start to travel along the cable ... straight toward the colony ! todd turn and look into mace 's face . mace 's eye be cloud with horror . mace why ? why ? no answer . mace I be not ..a soldier . ( then ... ) a... mistake ? be it ... a mistake ? todd shake he head no . mace 's eye fill with new horror . mace oh , my God . they will not ... they will not ...? not Sandra ! not ... not ... Nathan ! todd turn away from mace and peer through the machinery . he can see the crawler be a hundred yard away now , travel along the cable toward the colony . he can see the face of the new soldier hang on the outside of the crawler , hard face , goggle and ominous . when todd turn back to mace , he find mace eyeing he with pure hatred . mace sneer weakly . mace Soldiers ! Soldiers ... ( gasp ) ... deserve ... soldier ! his eye roll back . he 's dead . todd peer out again at the new soldier . they look invincible as we .. CUT to : ext . " daddy " / landscape - day the spaceship be squatting on the barren ground a mile from the junk tower like a ugly insect . int . mess / " daddy " rubrick stick he head in the door of the cramped officer mess . rubrick people . they have spot people ! both church and sloan look up in astonishment from the card game they be play on a tiny fold - out table . church " people " ! " people " ? what do you mean " people " ? rubrick two civilian . unarm . they have kill both of they . they have spot smoke from some kind of camp and they be go to check it out . sloan a camp ! Jesus Christ ! church damn ! ( worried ) do they ask for assistance ? rubrick not yet . church frown , consider , then fret ... church like my daddy use to say , " nothing 's ever as simple as it 's suppose to be ... except shit . " sloan ( roll she eye ) thank you , " daddy . " rubrick who do you think they be ? sloan the civilian ? ( a shrug ) squatter ... refugee . I do not think we want to know , do we ? church good point . CUT to : ext . garden trench - day - a little later hawkins , jimmy pig , red , and other pioneer be peer over the lip of the trench just beneath the trellis . a half mile off they can see the crawler creep in they general direction . the garden be full of excited pioneer with they child , everybody try not to trample the plant , but trample they anyway , as hawkins address they ... hawkins I be go to go out and talk to they . more than likely they be friendly . if not ... ( indicate Jimmy pig , other ) ... that of you with weapon will be ready to defend we . the rest of you go back . hawkins turn abruptly and look over the rim . the crawler be closer now , only a quarter mile away , angle to the leave along the wire . hawkins start to climb out of the trench , boost by jimmy pig and chester . she 's wave she arm , shouting . hawkins here ! over here ! sandra look worried . int . crawler caine 607 and the gunner both see the tiny figure wave at they a quarter mile away , try to get they attention . as caine 607 adjust they course to the leave , the gunner 's servomotor whine as he aim , peer through the scope at the helpless figure of hawkins . ext . settlement / landscape angle on hawkins suddenly reacting to the sight of the vicious - look crawler come straight toward she , now only five hundred yard away . they do not look too friendly ! frightened , she 's lowering she arm and turn when ... blaaaam ! the cannon flash , hawkins fly backwards ! ext . inside garden trench hawkins ' body fly back onto the pioneer in the trench . panic erupt as ... chester raise he light rifle and start firing over the lip of the trench . bawhoom ! the whole edge of the trench explode , dirt fly , and chester be hurl backwards , dead . pioneer be scream and run wildly down the trenches ... jimmy pig bravely aim he rifle over the lip of the trench . he see the crawler be lumber right at he . ping ! ping ! his shot be pitiful . the crawler keep come . angle on jimmy pig . no choice but to retreat . he turn and hurry down the trench after the other as we ... CUT to : int . officer mess / " daddy " church and sloan look up from they card game again as rubrick stick he head in the door to report the latest . rubrick report from crawler one . everything under control . no need for assistance . church there 's resistance ? rubrick ineffectual . about fifty disorganize people with almost no fire power . Three man be go in to clean they out ; one man 's stay with the crawler . church humph . sound reckless , three against fifty . the old one , the veteran , they would have call for support ... just in case . again rubrick and sloan exchange a glance and a eye-roll at the fretting old fuddy - duddy . then sloan change the subject brightly . sloan speak of riley and he old soldier ... why do not we let they start put up the unit ? it 's gonna take forever in this wind . CUT to : int . crew quarter / " daddy " - moment later riley be stand rigidly in front of he bunk in crew quarter , flanke by the rest of the veteran in similar position , face sloan . riley will we be issue weapon , sir ? sloan ( a sneering smile ) no , riley ... no weapon . you be not a soldier , riley . CUT to : ext . inside the trench - day the new soldier come straight , like some inexorable death machine , lumber awkwardly with he burden of weapon , goggle and blank face . a pioneer be back away ten yard in front of he , fire wildly . pow ! pow ! pow ! the new soldier look at one of he armor-gloved hand , open the palm in front of he face . his hand 's be hit . he shake it , annoyed , like it be a bee sting , then he aim at the pioneer . whoooosh ! a tongue of fire from the new soldier 's flame thrower engulf the helpless pioneer as we ... CUT to : int . meeting room - day pioneer be crouching in the room when the door burst open , and a tongue of flame turn the room into a firestorm and we ... CUT to : int . corridor - day sandra have nathan scream in she arm as she calmly herd frighten child through a corridor , johnny , will , and ellen among they . sandra keep go , child , do not panic , do not panic . but if she demeanor do not reveal she fear , she eye do . CUT to : ext . inside another trench - day two Pioneers , sally and red , lunge from a doorway into the trench and fire a rifle and a pistol at a third soldier who 's advance along the trench . bang ! bang ! ping ! splat ! sally and red dive back in the doorway for cover where a pioneer name singh be crouch , watch with alarm the third soldier advance unfaze . angle on the third soldier come toward they . angle on the pioneer huddle in the doorway . red they get armored vest . you get to aim for expose part like the face ... singh here go . red and sally watch singh step out directly in front of the advance third soldier and FIRE five shot rapidly ... ping ! pizg ! ping ! ping ! ping ! whoooosh ! red and sally see singh incinerate before they eye . exchange a horrify glance , they turn to retreat down the interior corridor , but before they get two step , they freeze ... a soldier be in the corridor , not look at they , but break down a door . they can not go that way ! trapped , they turn to see the third soldier almost to the doorway , he flame thrower aim , he finger on the trigger , and ... a blur ! something land on the third soldier from above the trench , and the third soldier fall over backwards , slamm hard to the floor of the trench . but he 's a super soldier , so that almost at the same time he hit the ground he 's already lung upward to regain he foot and fight except ... a knife blade rip across he throat , open it wide in one swift movement , and ... the third soldier 's head sag back because not even superman can fight with no neck and the last thing he see through he plexi goggle be ... todd loom over he with a bloody knife , a face like stone , and fierce soldier 's eye . angle on the doorway , where red , sally , and another pioneer peer around the corner , eye wide with amazement at the sight of todd kneel over he victim . angle on todd , slip the utility belt off the dead third soldier , yanking grenade and ammo from the bulky body , stuff a heavy pistol in he own waistband . red approach timidly . red you want help , partner ? todd glance up at he , and red see todd be eye and red back away quickly because ... todd look badder even than the new soldier ! turn back to the dead man , todd go for the last item ... the goggle . ripping they off he reveal ... a one - eye soldier . the dead man stare up at he be melton . for just a moment todd stare into the dead face , revealing nothing of how he feel , as we ... CUT to : int . other room - day nathan be scream in terror on the floor , ignore as sandra and child haul the bed from the bedroom to add to the heap of obstacle they have place in front of the door already . the stove , everything be wedge against the door to the corridor . as they heave the bed against the mountain of furniture and other belonging , the door quiver , the heap of furniture shift . int . corridor the first soldier , as big as a offensive tackle , shoulder the door again , and it give ... int . room child scream as the mountain of furniture heave backwards , and the door open part way , revealing the first soldier . sandra grab nathan and hand he to one of the child . sandra into the bedroom , all of you . sandra pick up a stool to defend herself . int . bedroom dash into the bedroom , the child be greet with a terrifying sight ! smash ! soldier boot be kick out the little window high in the wall , smash , smash , smash , and the window collapse , a boot stick through the open ... int . other room unhurriedly , the giant first soldier bull through the furniture , toss the bed and table aside like stick . sandra smashes at he with the stool , hit he twice , hurl it in he face . the first soldier shake off the blow as if he would be hit by a feather . but she 's get he attention . he turn he goggle at she , start to raise he weapon as ... sandra turn and disappear into the bedroom ... int . bedroom as sandra dash into the bedroom in blind retreat she run smack into the chest of another soldier ! helpless and horrify , she look right into a cruel stone face and goggle eye , and she gasp ... sandra sergeant Todd ! todd never take he eye off the door as he brushes she roughly aside with one hand , while he other arm aim the heavy rocket gun right at the door and ... the first soldier come into the doorway with he flame thrower raise to torch woman and child and what he see be todd look right at he , aim the rocket gun , and bawhoom , the first soldier be blow clear back across the other room with a shot right in the chest . angle on sandra , still on the floor where he knock she , watch todd exit the room , weapon raise , he utility belt dangle bandolier style across he chest . he look like ... one of they ! a soldier ! int . other room cross the next room , todd move quickly to the door , flatten , and peer into the corridor . he see the second soldier head toward he . blam ! blam ! todd fire twice around the door and see ... the second soldier staggering back , hit , a pistol from he hip ... dirt explode around the door frame as todd duck back . Quick as a wink , he yank a grenade from he utility belt , triggers it , and flip it around the corner as crack ! a shot rip at he arm . bawhoom , the grenade go off and , bleed from he arm , todd swing into the corridor and follow the grenade with three quick rocket shot . int . corridor keeping low , todd charge , he weapon point at the fall second soldier . the second soldier be sprawle bloodily in the corridor , the walkie-talkie on he chest squawk urgently . walkie - talkie ( v.o. ) crawler one call double Mike . give I a " okay , " double Mike . todd seize the walkie-talkie , press the transmit button , and snarl a throaty animal growl into the mike ... int . crawler / landscape caine 607 be sit at the wheel of the motionless vehicle park near the trench garden , radio mike in hand , when he hear the low animal snarl come across he speaker . caine 607 's robot face reveal nothing as he listen to another growl . wind howl outside . then he flick a switch on the dash and put the mike to he mouth , he face expressionless . caine 607 crawler to daddy , crawler to daddy . come in , daddy ! CUT to : porthole view / ext ./ int . officer ' mess / " daddy " see through the thick plexi-porthole , heavily - clothed veteran be struggle with a wall , try to erect the pre-fab unit while the wind , inaudible inside the ship , rage around they , staggering they this way and that . what we hear in the quiet interior of the mess be church voice he disbelief . church ( o.s. ) a " growl " ! he hear a growl ? rubrick , look uneasy , be face church who 's look up at he from a game of solitaire at the little table . sloan be bite she fingernails in the b.g. rubrick well , he do not say the word " growl . " he say a " throat - noise , " but I ask he to imitate it and it sound like a growl to I . church my God ! who be we fight here ! rubrick ( nervous ) I think ... I think we have to assume the miss man be ... down . church ( get up , pace ) I know mekum 's hotshot be green . no reinforcement , then they walk right into a enemy stronghold . rubrick we could send reinforcement now ... church ( sharply ) absolutely not . that bastard be just wait in there for we . no more of this fancy super- soldier shit . we do it with the hammer ... rubrick and sloan exchange a nervous glance as church pace agitatedly . rubrick uh , what do that mean , " the hammer " ? church ( suddenly smug ) my daddy always say , " when you want to insert a nail in a piece of wood , you do not do nothing fancy or glamorous , you do not finesse or play the hero , you just pick up you damn hammer and hit that sumbitch till it 's in . " sloan ( under she breath ) Christ ! now daddy 's a carpenter ! rubrick ( to Church ) i...do n't...quite...follow ...sir. church ( decisive , sharp ) take the whole unit , both crawler , and tell them to pound that place with rocket , cannon , mortar , everything we get ... from a safe distance . rubrick ( brighten ) Raw firepower ! church it may not be heroic , and we may waste some ammo , but by God we will get the job do . CUT to : ext . landscape - dusk the four sun be dimming noticeably , dusk be fall . the wind howl , junk drift and shift . a corpse turn over in the wind . it 's hawkins ' body , ravage by the turbulent air , as we ... CUT to : int . earthen corridor / settlement - night someone be drag a corpse down the smoky , lamplit corridor as little nathan watch sandra tend to the bloody wound of a pioneer lie on the floor . as the corpse be drag past nathan , the lifeless , vacant eye stare right at the uncomprehend little boy . nathan see the pioneer 's seven year old daughter , angie , sobbing uncontrollably at the sight of she father 's wound . sandra be try to help with the bandage and console angie at the same time while all round she in the hellish atmosphere people groan and child cry out . nathan do not understand it , it 's confusing . men and women loom past he . he wobble off down the corridor , toddle away from the sound of pain . shuk ! ka - shuk ! strange sound come from a doorway ahead , the doorway to the meeting room . chak ! klak ! shik chik ka chik ! the sound of metal and metal , metal part clicking and sliding . alone in the corridor , nathan toddle innocently forward , toward the sound . int . meeting room nathan wobble into the meeting room doorway and stop there , stare . the burnt furniture have be heape in one corner of the room , leave a large open space where todd , bare - chest , a tourniquet on one arm , be squatting on the floor , skillfully reassembling a stripped rifle . surround he on the floor in neat pile be the rocket rifle , pistol , ammo clip , utility belt , goggle , tear armor vest , boot , grenade , knife , and flashlight he salvage from the dead soldier . todd look up at nathan and they eye meet . nathan recognize he " friend , " try a tentative little smile . but todd just stare at he , and the unform smile fade from nathan 's face . for a long moment they just look each other in the eye very seriously . sandra enter , she dress cover with the wounded man 's blood . not notice todd , she rush to nathan , grab he ... sandra Nathan , thank God , there you ... suddenly see todd she break off , stare at he . squatte on the floor , surround by weapon , todd be eye meet hers for a long moment ... then he look away , go back to assemble the weapon with quick sure movement , almost as if he want to avoid she eye . sandra wet she lip to speak , hesitates , then finally blurt out what she can hardly bear to ask ... sandra do he find you ? no answer . todd finish with the weapon , start check the next one . sandra my husband ... mace ...he go out to look for you . he ... find you , do not he ? todd look up at she and nod . they eye lock . sandra they ... kill he ... do not they ? todd nod , turn back to he arsenal . sandra stand there , hugging nathan to she chest , hold she tear in , she lid quivering , fight to conquer she emotion . after a long , difficult moment , she win the battle with herself . she look numb , stunne , but she 's not cry . todd have begin to dress . he strap a sheath knife to one ankle , pull on boot . then he pull a jersey over he muscular torso , cover all the old scar , the tattooe name of battle , and the tourniquet on he arm . stare at he with glaze eye , sandra notice a blotch of blood form on the jersey , leak through the tourniquet . she speak numbly . sandra you wound ... it 's still bleed . stuff he pocket with ammo and other item , todd glance at she with eye that glitter dangerously . todd I like to bleed , sir . sandra stare at he stupidly as he continue to dress , pull on a heavy armored vest . sandra it do not ... hurt ? todd pull on a second armored vast , one that already have a rag hole in it from a rocket . todd not enough , sir . sandra watch he go to the heap of char furniture in the corner and take a blacken stick from it , watch he smear charcoal under he eye . sandra how do you know they will come back ? todd look at she , a savage with blacken eye . todd they be soldier , sir . like I . sandra what ... what do they want ? todd nothing . sandra nothing ? todd they be obey order , sir . it 's they duty . for a moment sandra be silent , then ... sandra you know who they be , do not you ? do you know how many there will be ? todd cross two utility belt across he armored chest like bandolier . todd seventeen more , sir . sandra seventeen ! my God ! ( suddenly energize ) you can not fight seventeen yourself ! you have to organize the rest of we , show we what to do . we do not have you ... you skill ... but we be not coward . we will do what you tell we , we will -- todd ( interrupt , softly ) no. his voice be soft as silk but hard as steel . she look into he eye . do she detect a hint of approval , of respect , in that flat expressionless snake eye ? sandra why not ? todd turn to go , laden with weapon , a flamethrower on he back , a rocket rifle on he shoulder , another in one hand . todd Soldiers deserve soldier , sir . sandra but ... one soldier against seventeen ! he look back at she , right into she eye this time . todd I be go to kill they all , sir . CUT to : int . crew quarter - night the new soldier be put on they heavy gear in ominous silence , cover they muscular torso with armored vest and utility belt while sloan watch from the hatchway . sloan double belt , double ammo , double everything ! you have get to be heavy there or you will blow away , fella ... and we would not want that , would we ? they continue dress obediently , they eye the sullen eye of robot . but caine 607 speak up , at once respectful and dignify ... caine 607 it 's dark now , sir . sloan you be afraid of the dark , sergeant caine ? caine 607 no , sir . but the manual say -- sloan that 's what nightscope be for , soldier . for the dark . caine 607 yes , sir . but the sixth rule be " never give the enemy a advantage unnecessarily . " if they be expect we -- sloan ( erupting ) listen , sergeant , this may come as news to you , but you be not a real hot thinker ! you pitiful effort at tactic have cost we three man already . so turn it off , that little pea brain of yours ! ( turn to the other ) that go for all the rest of you mental giant too . all you have to do be go boom -boom . understand ? boom-boom ! kill kill ! say it ... kill ...kill ...kill ... draped in battle gear the seventeen new soldier obediently repeat the word after she , they eye blank and sullen ... " kill kill kill ... " they look like somber death machine as we ... CUT to : ext . " construction " site - night in the harsh blue glare of work - light riley and the crew of veteran , dress in heavy parkas , be struggle in the wind to erect the second side of a small hut . riley see something , react . he see seventeen new soldier exite the ship in the fringe of the work - light , ominous death machine in they heavy gear and goggle , partly lose in shadow like some vision from hell . riley stare at they , at the man who carry the weapon he use to carry , he face like stone , he eye a mystery as we ... CUT to : int . corridor - night sally and red be guard a door to the trench when a clanking noise in the corridor behind they make they turn and look . they jaw go slack with amazement . clank toward they be todd , so armored and laden with fight gear he look almost like a medieval knight ! he say nothing as he loom closer to then , head for the door . the two of then shrink hastily out of he way . ext . inside trench stepping into the trench , todd hear the wind scream overhead . he approach crude step dig in the side of the trench and begin to pull himself up into the wind . as he climb , the scream wind change pitch radically , and by the time he belly over the lip of the trench , the wind be only a breeze . get to he foot and find even the breeze be die , replace by a terrible stillness . as todd look off into the darkness , a voice call to he from the trench behind biz . sandra ( o.s. ) sergeant ! sergeant Todd ! todd turn back , look down into the trench , and see sandra look up at he . sandra sergeant ... this soldier ... the one you be go to fight ... be this the " better one " ... the one who replace you ? todd look at she for a long moment , he face a mask , before he nod almost imperceptibly . her eye be full of tear . sandra sergeant Todd ... I think they ... I think ... someone make a serious ... mistake . todd look into she eye . it be impossible to tell if he know that she care about he and that she be bless he . after a moment he turn away and lumber off into the darkness , the clanking of he equipment the only sound in the spooky stillness . CUT to : ext . junk / terrain - night two crawler cut through the night fifty yard apart . four of the new soldier cling to the outside of one crawler , five on the other , two on each crawler operate spotlight that pan the darkness to the side while the headlight illuminate the skeleton of the crash ship and shadowy chunks of machinery litter across the terrain ahead of they . it be very still . no wind . int . crawler one a driver be at the wheel , a gunner beside he , study the night through a infrared scope . behind they , two more new soldier sit lose in shadow in the back seat , stare impassively out the window at the spooky spotlight comb the eerie junkyard . ext . crawler one the left front soldier sit on the fender seat of crawler one , peer along the beam of he spotlight , scrutinize the sinister shape in the darkness , when ... blam ! he 's shot in the face , slam back into the windshield of crawler one . int . crawler one vision block , the driver be fight for control of the vehicle as the gunner to he right scream into the radio mike ... gunner crawler one , we be red ! red ! we be red ! by veer sharply , the driver be able to shake off the body that be block he vision , clear he shattered windshield . ext . junk terrain Seven of the new soldier -- the three hang on crawler one and the four from crawler two -- drop off into the stillness . one check the left front soldier 's body while the other , barely visible in the weak light , fan out , keep low , take cover in the random junk strewn all around they . angle on new soldier one , a corporal , crouch behind a huge piece of discard agriculture machinery . he yank a flare from he waist band and fire it . the flare burst overhead , expose the ghostly terrain to a bright green light . angle on the junk and the skeleton ship : a ghostly graveyard . no wind . nothing move . no sign of todd . int . crawler one maneuver across the junk -strewn landscape , the driver peer through the crack windshield at the green terrain , look for todd as the radio crackle ... radio crawler two to crawler one . do you have a sitrep ? the gunner and the driver exchange a glance . the gunner take the mike and speak into it . gunner crawler two , we be one down , respond to sniper activity . int . crawler two caine 607 be at the wheel , speak into he mike . caine 607 crawler one , do you require assistance ? radio that be negative . we will eliminate the sniper and rendezvous at target . caine 607 Roger , one . we be proceeding to target . caine 607 accelerate the crawler . ext . junk terrain the flare fade and the near darkness return . angle on new soldier one peer out into the stillness , then signal new soldier two who 's hide nearby . as the two new soldier step out from they shelter position , they be join by new soldier three . exchange hand signal , the three of they advance , spread out cautiously . new soldier three have move about thirty yard away when suddenly he " disappear . " ext . inside a " catcm trench " splash ! soldier three have tumble into a flood trench . he struggle to he foot , can not figure out where he be . he pull a flashlight from he waist and shine it down the trench in both direction . the flashlight beam reveal a steep - wall trench knee - deep in water and litter with rusting junk . new soldier three splashes along the trench , look for a way out . his light reveal a piece of a derrick mast lean against the trench , a perfect ladder . he 's slogging toward it when he whirl suddenly and splay he beam down the trench behind he . new soldier three's Pov of the flood trench . junk and water . angle on new soldier three , turn back and approach the ladder . just as he reach the ladder he whirl again . again he light illuminate the spooky trench . again , nothing but water and junk . relieved , he 's just about to switch off he light when ... todd rise out of the water only five foot away like a demon . before new soldier three can cry out , todo lunge at he . ext . junk terrain as he creep cautiously through the gloom , new soldier one stiffen . be that a stifle cry ? or not ? new soldier one signal new soldier two and the two of they turn and move cautiously toward where new soldier three be . ext . inside the trench todd be light reveal new soldier three slump in the water , he head askew , neck break , eye vacant . todd be hastily rummage through the soldier 's equipment , look for something . he find it . ext . junk terrain new soldier one and two be approach the trench when suddenly a flare burst above they . the new soldier react with amazement as the flare expose they in a brightly illuminate landscape . before they can take cover ... budda budda budda . flashes of fire from the lip of the trench . new soldier one drop dead , new soldier two be down and writhe on the ground , scream . angle on crawler one veer sharply toward the trench , accelerate , firing rocket , canon , machine gun .... angle on the other new soldier , prone , fire toward the trench . ext . inside the trench tracers whizzing over the top of the trench illuminate todd as he race down the trench , run for he life . ext . junk terrain still fire , crawler one grind up to the lip of the trench . angle on new soldier charge toward the trench behind the crawler . close on crawler onex hood where a small trap open and a nozzle pop out like a little penis and ... squirt a stream of liquid ! the liquid stream arc fifty yard along the trench and diminish backward like a man pissing ... int . inside the trench todd look back just before be round a corner in the trench , see the liquid hit the water in the trench . shelter from they view by the turn in the trench , todd try to scale the steep wall of the trench . whooooooooosh ! the surface of the water - fill trench burst into flame . a fiery river of flammable liquid . angle on new soldier reacting to something ! new soldier ' Pov of todd , visible in the firelight as he roll over the lip of the trench fifty yard from they . angle on the new soldier fire as they move toward todd . they have get he now ! angle on todd belly toward a rusting turbine , disappear from view . angle on crawler one , separate from todd be hideout by the trench , pour heavy FIRE on the spot where todd disappear . angle on new soldier communicate by hand signal as they move to surround todd . ext . behind the turbine as rocket and canon shell slam into the turbine , todd hastily attend to a nasty wound in the flesh he thigh , bandage it skillfully , quickly . ext . junk terrain while crawler one keep todd pin down , new soldier move to outflank he . ext . behind the turbine as todd complete dress he thigh , the crawler stop fire . silence . todd peer out , assess the situation . todd be Pov of the terrain . vague glimpsis of new soldier slip from cover to cover , never expose themselves enough for a shot . angle on todd . he seem to know he 's in a tight spot . he 's prepare to fight off a attack , lay out weapon , grenade , when ... he freeze . listen . behind the stillness he can hear the faint whistle that precede the wind . hastily todd yank he belt off . ext . terrain new soldier four stick he head up from behind a old boiler and signal new soldier five . angle on new soldier five acknowledge from the mouth of a old storage tank where he 's position . angle on new soldier six belly toward todd be position . ext . behind the turbine use he belt and a carabiner as a safety line , todd attaches himself to the heavy turbine ... and gather up he weapon . he can hear the very low whistling building ever so slightly . ext . terrain the wind sigh and a faint breeze stir . then a tin can skitter by in a puff of wind as the new soldier take turn move closer to todd , flanking he from safe vantage point . new soldier four stand to wave the next man forward when ... whooooooooooooosh ! the wind erupt , roar , bellows ... new soldier four be lift into the air and carry away . new soldier five be try to stay on he foot , as the wind slam he into one piece of junk after another . int . / ext . crawler as the wind howl and shake the crawler , the driver and the gunner stare with amazement as new soldier five slam into they windshield , neck break , and stare at they with lifeless eye . they see new soldier six and seven tumble and somersault past . as new soldier six disappear , blow off into the night , new soldier seven manage to grab hold of the walk wire . gripping the wire for he life , he turn just in time to be decapitate by a piece of aluminum housing fly through the air . ext . terrain new soldier four , badly batter , be down on he belly try to stay " under the wind " when he see something terrible ! he Pov of a massive lathe blow right toward he along the ground , tumble , crash , slamm into thing . it loom over he , unavoidable , the end ! angle on new soldier four reacting to the huge lathe about to crush he . ext . behind the turbine held by he safety belt and protect by the turbine , todd peer out , and watch the wind destroy the footsoldier . todd be Pov of new soldier five 's lifeless body be blow along the ground like a leaf . angle on todd , reacting . he 's see something important . todd be Pov of crawler one move again , round the far end of the trench and , no longer separate by the trench , turn toward todd be position . int . crawler one as the driver steer , the gunner peer through he scope . gunner' infrare Pov of todd darting behind a overturn vat . gunner there ! the driver steer toward where todd disappear . ext . junk terrain windborne junk clatter against crawler one be armor plate , debris fly through the bright swath of the headlight , as the vehicle grind toward the overturn vat . angle on crawler one come around the vat , headlight glaring . int . crawler one the gunner be peer intently through he scope . gunner' Pov through he scope : the infrared view with crosshair be especially spooky because of the debris blow eerily across the landscape as the gun whip back and forth , look vainly for todd . suddenly the sight be yank hard , sweeping violently over to pin a move object ... false alarm ! just another piece of blow junk . no sign of todd . ext . crawler / junk terrain the crawler grind slowly past a huge overturn boiler , its cannon pan right , then leave , then right . int . crawler one peer through the scope as he sweep the terrain , the gunner suddenly stiffen and back - pan to find something ... gunner tentative at one . the driver angle right , aim for one o'clock . gunner that 's negative , no target . the driver swing the wheel back and they continue slowly through the darkness . in the back seat , two new soldier peer into the night with blank face . one of they be watch a huge plastic sign cartwheel past in the wind when -- -- he react ! -- as todd be face appear be only inch from he , right against the plexi ! bam ! before the new soldier can do more than look startle , todd shoot out the window with a pistol and shove a live grenade through the hole . new soldier red ! red ! re -- bawhooom ! the grenade explode and ... the driver fight for control of the wheel . the gunner scream and scream and scream like a machine run at high speed while the two new soldier lie open -ey with death in the back seat . ext . crawler no sign of todd . disappear again . as the wind roar furiously , the damage crawler limp along . int . crawler one the die gunner be make awful noise while the driver , eye glaze , he face stream with blood , maneuver the vehicle slowly and cautiously , look for the enemy ... but all he see through the crack windshield be a shadowy world of wind - toss debris . ext . junk terrain protected by a hunk of pipe , todd crouch and watch the crawler , he eye glitter , he weapon ready . it 's clear now that the table be turn and he be the hunter as we ... CUT to : int . corridor - night explosion ! scream ! bawhoom ! another shell hit , beam splinter , dirt wall collapse . eight -year old johnny , alone and terrify , come in to view around a corner . he 's be separate from the other . johnny dad ! daaaaaad ! no answer . johnny do not know which way to go . the world 's fall apart ! whump ! the little warren of earthen corridor be shake by another blast . desperate , johnny make a leave , away from the last blast and hurry down a collapse corridor past doorway that reveal room with no ceiling where the wind howl . it 's obvious the shelling have be go on for a while . johnny daaaaaaad ! just then , jimmy pig pop out of a doorway in front of he and and rush toward he . jimmy pig gotcha ! BA -whoom ! another shell collapse the corridor behind johnny as jimmy pig grab he and haul he toward the door he emerge from , the dining commons . int . dine common emma be ushere child through a trap door in the floor into the root cellar as jimmy pig usher johnny into the room . johnny where 's my father ? where 's my father ? johnny look around urgently . sandra be bandage tommy' arm while ellen , nathan , and will be huddle under a table in the most protect corner of the room . jimmy pig and judith exchange a pain look as jimmy pig push johnny toward sandra and the table . jimmy pig johnny , get over under that table with miss Sandra and ellen and the other . miss judith , you better go on down the root cellar with Emma and help with the one down there . johnny where 's my mother ? bah -dooom ! another fierce concussion twenty yard away shake dirt from the ceiling . ellen beckon from under the table ... ellen come on , johnny . CUT to : ext . settlement - night muzzle flash ! fffwhooomp ! crawler two fire another round . the vehicle be squatting not thirty yard from the trench garden , pour round after round into the colony , lighting the night with bright - color flowery blast . crouched in the wind not far from the vehicle , the two new soldier from the back seat have set up a mortar , and they too be fire away . int . crawler two / statlonary the gunner be look through he scope , methodically aim and fire as caine 607 at the wheel watch impassively . ka -foomp ! another shot , the vehicle rock , and , five hundred yard away , fire and dirt fountain thirty foot into the air . beep ! beep ! a light on the dash blink on . caine 607 switch on a radarscope , spot a blip . the gunner take he eye off the scope , look at the blip . caine 607 be already manipulate a spotlight , look across the gunner out the right window . the spotlight stab the darkness , find a move vehicle a half mile of move toward they . it 's crawler one with its light out . as caine 607 flick off the spotlight , the gunner turn back to the scope and resume he deadly barrage . caine 607 speak into the radio mike . caine 607 crawler two to crawler one . come in , one . radio one . caine 607 two to one , take you port to we nine o'clock and commence fire . radio copy , two . Port to you nine and commence fire . fooomp ! the gunner fire again , rock the vehicle . caine 607 look at the scope . the blip continue on directly on its course . caine 607 pick up the mike again . caine 607 crawler two to crawler one . again ; proceed to port nine ... radio affirmative , two . fooomp ! the gunner fire again as caine 607 look at the screen . the blip on the screen keep on straight , do not alter course ! caine 607 ( into the mike ) two to one . you be still on twelve o'clock . correct to nine . radio Roger . but the blip continue straight , directly at they . and suddenly caine realize ! drop the mike he snap at he gunner urgently . caine 607 gunner , hard to port , target hard to port ! as the startle gunner start to obey both of they be bath in sudden , blind white light as crawler one suddenly switch on all light and ... ka-blam ! ka - blam ! muzzle flash from crawler one . whump ! whump ! crawler two shudder , take two direct hit . the gunner scream in pain . int . crawler one todd be at the wheel , speak into the radio as wind whip at he through the shattered windshield . todd Roger , two. affirmative . blam ! blam ! todd fire as he drive straight ahead toward crawler two and the two new soldier pin in he headlight . ext . crawler two as shell slam into crawler two , the two new soldier outside try to get clear of the explosion , staggering off into the wind . int . crawler one todd set he sight on one of the new soldier , cut he down with rocket fire , then he glance toward the second new soldier on the right . the second new soldier , ten yard ahead , stop , turn to fire . todd yank the wheel , swerving toward he . ext . crawler crawler one plow into the new soldier , crush he under the wheel , and continue to grind toward the crippled crawler two . wham ! crawler one ram crawler two and drive it sideways , push it ten yard ... twenty yard .... thirty yard ... until suddenly it sprawl into the mouth of the trench garden , splintering the trellis and wedge itself at a sharply cant angle over the garden , and we ... CUT to : int . captain cabin / " daddy " - night silence . church be doze fully clothed on he bunk in a tiny stateroom . bzzzzt . bzzzzt ! a buzzer sound and a light flash . church open he eye , see the light flash . site up in the bunk , he grab the receiver of a phone and put it to he ear . as he listen , he eye widen with incredulity ... then they get wider as he hear more . church whaaaaat ? CUT to : int . corridor / settlement - night thick smoke clog the narrow corridor as red wind through the maze of corridor , cough desperately . he can hear voice ahead . int . dine common / settlement red charge into the common , shouting excitedly . red they stop shoot ! they stop shoot ! he stop abruptly , see ... a blaze fire , whipped by wind from a shel hole in the ceiling , consume table in the far half of the common ... while jimmy pig , slade and sandra struggle with one end of a huge beam that 's fall at a angle on top of a trap door in the floor , the root cellar . ellen , with nathan in she arm , tommy , will , johnny and other child hover behind she , stare at ... a six inch open between the floor and the trap door where emma , judith and other child , unable to squeeze through the six inch gap , peer out with frighten eye , trap . red ( dampen ) they stop shoot ! jimmy pig ( to Red ) give we a hand , dammit ! as red join the effort . slade snap at he sarcastically as he strain against the heavy beam . slade you think ( grunt ) that 's good they stop ? it mean ( grunt ) they be comin ' for we ! to ( grunt ) kill we ! that 's good news , you think ? sandra ( look for hope ) sergeant Todd ( grunt , cough ) say ... slade that he 's gonna ( grunt ) stomp a whole army ? could not if he want . the smoke be get thicker . emma and judith be cough , look scared . sandra he ( grunt ) know they ! he say -- slade he 's dead ! if he be not ( grunt ) dead , he join them . he do not ( grunt ) care about we , he 's a soldier . besides , we throw he out , remember ? sandra push at the beam with all she strength , fight back tear of despair . sandra he 's not dead ! the massive beam will not budge ! eye wide with terror , emma and RUTH peer out of they trap . CUT to : int . cockpit / " daddy " - night church be in the cockpit now , hover behind rubrick who 's speak urging into the radio mike . rubrick this be daddy , come in , number two . daddy call number two ... church what about number one ? try number ... rubrick I try one . I can not get either one of they . sloan be pace , look sick to she stomach with fear . sloan there be ... some kind of ... guerilla action ... rubrick then we lose they ... now church be pace back and forth , panicky , ranting ... church you should have wake I sooner ! this be bad , very bad . I never should have let that clown mekum test he wonder boy army on I . " if it be not break , do not fix it . " shit ! we do not even know what we be up against . how many ...? sloan we could not get any figure on enemy troop strength . rubrick not even estimate ... church we be sit duck here ! there could be a couple of division ! more ! we do not even have the weapon to arm the old soldier . rubrick ( into the mike , desperately ) hello ... hello , one. this be daddy ... ext . above the trench garden the radio in crawler two be still squawking urgently with rubrick's voice as the crippled vehicle lie sprawle at a violent angle over the trench garden . radio ( v.o. ) this be daddy ! come in , crawler two , come in ... nearby , a voice be cry out in pain in the night . limp , todd keep he weapon ready as he search out the sound . angle on the injured soldier , the one todd crush under the tread of the crawler . he 's scream in pain . look up . todd loom over the injured soldier , weapon point . they eye meet . in agony , the soldier look into todd be eye , nod ever so slightly . blam ! blam ! todd fire point blank . now the only sound be the roaring of the wind and the pathetic sound of rubrick continue he desperate radio babble . ext . inside the trench garden as the radio chatter , burn debris from the crawler cant over the garden illuminate the garden ... and a body sprawle there , fall from the crawler above . bam ! kabam ! rocket FIRE ! ext . above the trench todd fire rocket into the damage crawler ... until the radio chatter stop abruptly . radio kill dead . CUT to : int . dine common / settlement - night the gap between the floor and the trap door have increase to ten inch , enough for emma and RUTH to squeeze a infant through to sandra be reach arm . soak with sweat , gasp and cough in the thicken smoke , jimmy pig , slade and red continue to strain at the beam ... and it move . another inch ! the fire be raging . the infant squall in sandra be arm . slade snap at she as he push on the beam . slade get they kid ( grunt ) hide somewhere ! there 's soldier come . ellen and the child look alarmed as sandra gather they and usher they toward the exit , glance back toward the trap door as she 's leave . emma and RUTH meet she look with frighten eye . notice sandra be hesitation , jimmy pig reassure she ... jimmy pig do not worry . couple more inch and they be out . sandra and the child exit . and suddenly !!! the beam slip back five inch , almost close the open . emma and judith scream ! jimmy pig , red and slade look alarmed , defeat . ext . above the trench garden todd walk away from the smoking bulk of the crawler cant over the garden and drop into a travel trench . ext . inside a passage trench limp slightly , laden with weapon and still wear he helmet , todd start along the trench in the direction of the settlement . ext . inside the trench garden in the shadow six foot below the overturn and smolder crawler two , the body stir on the floor of the garden , barely visible in the flicker half light from the flame above . it 's caine 607 . he groan and stir again . he 's not dead ! in fact , he 's roll over , struggle to he knee . int . dine common the frighten eye of emma , RUTH and child peer from the four inch crack . whipped by wind from the hole in the ceiling , the fire be spread , the smoke be thick . jimmy pig , slade and red be gasp with effort and cough . slade gasp to red . slade you know where Thomas keep that two axe ? go get the axe . red take off at a run . jimmy pig ( so Emma and Ruth can not hear ) we can not ( cough ) chop them out . we do not have time . slade just as good ( gasp ) to die chopping as fight . int . corridor red rush through a smoky corridor . wherever shell have puncture the roof , the wind whip debris about . ext . inside the garden trench sitting up now , use a flashlight , caine 607 be examine a terrible gash in he thigh that reveal tissue and tendon . the right side of he face be also badly injure , flesh tear , swollen and distort . he pull the first aid kit from he utility belt , open it , focus the light on the content . select a couple of pill . swallow they . consider . take two more . pull out a hypodermic needle , inject he leg . take another needle , stab he bloody cheek . his eye glitter as he feel the rush from the drug . he look dangerous again in spite of he condition . ext . inside the passage trench todd reach the settlement , enter a half collapse doorway . int . supply room red be urgently rummage through crowbar , coil of rope , sledge hammer . at last he find two axe , grab they and exit . int . corridor / settlement todd pick he way among collapse wall , fall timber . he peer through doorway , see corpse . move on . search . ext . inside the passage trench dragging a freshly bandage leg , caine 607 make he way along the trench toward the settlement . he 's use the wall for support ... but he seem to be get stronger rather than weaker . his face be hideous . int . junction of corridor carry two axe red zip around a corner and freeze ... red' Pov of : a soldier , see from behind , move down a smoky corridor , helmete , heavily armed , dangerous look , unidentifiable . angle on red , terrify , wait till the soldier ( todd ) have disappear in the smoke . then red hurry on down another damage corridor , axe in hand . int . other damaged corridor red scoot around another corner and ... stop short ... a armored torso a foot in front of he face . look up , red look right into the distort face of caine 607 . before red can react , caine 607 ' S hand shoot out and snatch one of the axe . astonish , red back up a step , and raise the other axe to defend himself . red' Pov of caine 607 loom toward he , axe in hand . angle on red , turn and run . angle on caine 607 limping along , drag he leg as red disappear around a corner . caine 607 round the corner in pursuit ... and see only smoke , no sign of red . int . dine common emma and judith peer out from under the heavy metal trap door as jimmy pig and slade desperately try to move the beam use a piece of metal as a lever . slade this ( grunt , cough ) be not gonna work . where 's they axe ? he musta run into soldier and get kill . jimmy pig how do you know there 's soldier come ? slade ' Cause soldier ( gasp ) finish what they start -- unless you stop them . and we be what ( gasp ) they start , and we do not stop them ! ( shout to Emma ) we're gonna get you outta there somehow ! I swear it ! just then red burst into the room with a single axe , shouting ... red soldier ! soldier ! slade ( grab the axe ) only one axe ? red they take the other one ! slade ( chopping furiously ) toldja . jimmy pig ( to Red ) how many ? red I ... I could not ... I could not ... count them . four , I think . maybe five . slade ( chopping ) more ! trust I ! jimmy pig ( grab the axe ) turn . jimmy pig start chopping furiously . slade pick up a rifle , hand it to red . slade do what you can . as red look at the rifle , alarmed , slade " comfort " he . slade they be gonna kill we anyhow . no point in surrender . ( grab the axe ) turn ! jimmy pig gasp for air as slade take over chopping again . red exit , worried . int . the meeting room huddle in a makeshift shelter of overturn furniture , with nathan asleep on she lap , sandra be recite to ellen , will , tommy , johnny , angie , eight year old ramon . sandra " -- sail a a river of crystal light into a sea of dew . where be you go and what do you wish the old moon ask the three . ' we have come to fish for herring fish ... ' " tommy what 's a " moon ? " johnny I know what a moon be ! it 's ... sandra ( suddenly , urgently ) shhhhhhh ! sandra be reacting to vague movement in the shadow beyond the door ... and sound . she put she hand over the mouth of a whimper child , hush another . a timber fall outside the door and sandra see a shadowy shape enter the meeting room , loom in the darkness . frightened child hold they breath , peer out fearfully . crack ! smash ! the huge shape hurl aside the debris in he way , switch on a flashlight , probe the darkness . the light wipe the damage room . suddenly , sandra gasp . sandra oh , my God ! it 's ... it 's you ! todd maneuver the flashlight beam , see the frighten child . sandra be you ... all right ? todd we should go , sir . sandra go ? int . corridor peer into the smoke , red react . red' Pov of caine 607 , obscure by smoke , crossing the corridor ahead , not see red . angle on red , summoning all he courage , raise he rifle , aim . bang ! angle on caine 607 reacting , look toward red . angle on red scared to death , fire again ! and again ! angle on caine 607 wrenching a heavy door from its hinge and hold it in front of he , shield himself from red 's continuous shoot , advance . angle on red , fire again and again ... and back up . angle on caine 607 hold the door / shield as he advance on red . back , red trip , go down flat on he back . caine 607 , only six foot away , hurl the door at he . red shove the door aside , aim he gun up at caine 607 , as the huge soldier loom over he . before red can pull the trigger , caine 607 snatch the rifle barrel and yank the weapon out of red be hand . red roll , scramble to he foot . and caine 607 club he to the ground with the butt of the rifle , crush he skull with three brutal blow . int . room todd be impassive face somehow reveal the alarm and awkwardness he feel at what 's happen to he . tommy be seat on he shoulder , he 's get nathan in one arm and johnny be nervously look up at he as he clutches at todd be huge free hand , and now a little girl , sarah , clutches at he combat pants as sandra instruct she . sandra Sarah , you hang on to sergeant Todd . no matter what happen ! clutch todd 's combat pants fiercely , sarah look up timidly at the big stoneface man as sandra turn to ellen . sandra ellen , go to the commons . tell Jimmy pig and Mr. slade that sergeant Todd say we have to leave as soon as they get everybody out of the root-cellar . can you do that ? ellen ( scared ) uh , yes , mar 'am . sandra it 's all right . the soldier be go for now . but be careful where you walk . and if it 's too smoky , just come back . sarah ( on she way out ) yes , mar 'am . sandra ( call after she ) tell they to bring all the food and clothing they can carry . ( turn to the child ) do you all understand that sergeant Todd here be go to help we , and whatever he say to do you must do immediately , as if he be you father or you mother . sarah ( tear ) he 's not my father ! angle on todd be stone face . unfamiliar territory . sandra no ... but he 's we friend . we good friend . do you understand ? frightened face look to the awkward " kill machine . " todd look like a statue decorate with child . johnny be sobbing as he hang onto todd 's giant hand obediently . johnny I want my father and my mother ! can he find where my father be ? I want he to find my father ! sandra no . no , he can not do that , but -- a scream ! from the corridor ! sandra freeze . todd be alert , tense ... and cover with child . sandra turn and run for the door as todd start to put the child down . but he 's awkward , slow , not he usual graceful self , try to be gentle like a clumsy man handle breakable . int . corridor burst into the corridor , sandra see ellen racing toward she , weaving through break beam , scream as caine 607 lumber after she out of the shadow . caine 607 do not bother to avoid obstacle , shove beam aside like twig , drag he bad leg . sandra sergeant Todd ! ellen dive into sandra 's arm and sandra turn , only three step ahead of caine 607 , and rush into the meeting room . int . meeting room todd be just put nathan gently on the floor when he see caine 607 arrive in the doorway . for halt a second they eye meet , then -- caine 607 advance on todd . still encumber by child clutching at he , todd see he weapon , but can not get to they . then it 's too late ! the terrify child watch as the giant caine 607 club todd mercilessly with the rifle butt , then hurl he backwards like a rag doll . horrify , sandra see todd slam into a wall , slump to the floor . dismiss todd , caine 607 turn , loom toward the child . sandra they 're just child ! caine 607 ignore she , head for ellen , drag he bad leg . spot todd be weapon , sandra snatch a heavy rocket rifle , bring it up awkwardly , point it , fire ! and the kick from the heavy gun send sandra sprawling back , the weapon tremble from she hand . but the whizzing rocket , a near miss , get caine 607 's attention . he turn away from ellen , toward sandra . angle on todd rise to he knee , blink stupidly , try to focus as blood pour into he eye from a gash in he forehead . todd be Pov , a vague , unfocus image of sandra , snatching a bayonet from todd be gear on the floor and lung courageously at caine 607 . vaguely , todd see caine 607 parry she thrust effortlessly and grab she . as she beat at caine 607 bravely with she fist , the big man slam she into a wall brutally . as she crumple , he hit she again . angle on todd struggle to he foot , staggering as he shake he head to clear it . his eye go to sandra , slump against the wall , bloody . terrify child look up at caine 607 as he tower over they . suddenly ... shtunk ! a knife blade suddenly stick in caine 607 's neck . caine 607 only flinch ... and , as he yank the knife from he neck by the handle , he turn to see who throw the blade ... wham ! todd slam into he , tackle he , drive he big shoulder deep into the new soldier 's waist , slamm the big man hard into a wall . Air go out of caine 607 , the knife drop from he hand . but that 's it for todd 's victory . six -five , two -sixty , caine 607 be bigger and stronger than todd . his powerful arm rip todd off he like he 's take off a Band - Aid . terrify , wide - eye child watch todd hurl back across the room . todd scramble to he foot , shake he head clear . here come caine 607 , drag he bad leg . todd attack ! combine a martial art feint and lunge with a vicious kick ! but 607 counter expertly , brush aside the attack ! todd lunge again employ yet another skilled move . smack ! caine 607 outmaneuver todd again , punish he brutally . whack ! wham ! smash ! crunch ! this time todd jolt the bigger man with a terrible combination of move , smash he in the Adam 's apple , kick he in the knee , drive a elbow into the jaw . this time it 's caine 607 who have to back away to recover . and now he seem to re-consider todd , revealing for the first time a genuine respect . as they eye meet , caine 607 seem to be say " all right then , you be serious , let 's do it , fella . " todd lunge . smash ! caine 607 creams he . todd twist , slam caine 607 back . bash ! a fist to the face ! ummmmmph ! a knee in a groin ! slam ! a head against a wall ! CUT to : video screen / cockpit / " daddy " - night his face tan from he Caribbean vacation , he image blurred and distort by transmission , mekum' video image stare incredulously from the snowy video monitor in the cockpit . mekum / video screen you can not be serious ! this be some kind of a joke ... in poor taste . as sloan and rubrick look on uneasily , a indignant church address the image on the screen . church not only be we apparently out twenty of you fancy new soldier , you supermen , we be out both crawler and all the weapon ... so we can not arm the old soldier , the one you " improve " on , to defend ourselves ... sloan ( panicky , blurt at the screen ) we have get to get out of here , Colonel mekum ! church flash a scowl at sloan as , on the screen , mekum erupt excitedly . mekum / video image abort ? you want to lose twenty top soldier to a phantom army and then abort the mission ? do you know what that would look like on my record ? or yours ? we would be explain it for the next fifty year from some goddam assignment in God know where , we would -- church ( interrupt sharply ) well , how 's it gonna look when we lose the ship too ? how 's that gonna look on the old record ? ' Cause that 's what 's gonna happen if we do not get we ass outta here . we can not defend ourselves with no weapon and -- mekum / video image ( fight he own panic ) hold on , hold on there , Captain ! at ease ! let 's calm down and remember ... remember we be soldier . church ( sarcastic ) good plan , Colonel . mekum / video image ( move on , improvise ) now we can not just get the shit kick out of we by a unknown guerilla army ... but maybe we could ... alter ... we objective ... church meaning ? mekum / video image nuke the joint ... and get out ! delighted with he own genius , mekum smile triumphantly from the video screen as rubrick , sloan , and church exchange stunne look and we ... CUT to : int . meeting room - night whump ! todd 's bloody head be slam on the floor . his eye be almost swollen shut as he look up at caine 607 kneel on top of he . both man be bloody and exhaust they breath come in gasp , but it 's caine 607 who 's on top , beat the last bit of resistance out of todd who struggle desperately one more time ... before he slump unconscious . horrify , nathan see caine 607 smash the unconscious todd with the last of he strength , " finish he off . " nathan can not stand it . he toddle toward caine 607 , who 's still on all four , and attack , he tiny fist raining blow on the amaze monster 's bloody face . the frighten child see caine 607 ignore nathan 's ineffectual blow and struggle with enormous effort to he foot . once stand , he look down at nathan beat at he knee . for a moment he 's confuse . what 's this ? then he see the frighten child and orient himself . when he look down at nathan again , tiny nathan be a enemy as good as dead . one blow and ... but just then big hand close around caine 607 's ankle , tackle he . as the giant topple , todd let go of the ankle and crawl on top of the fall man . as caine 607 look up into todd 's fierce face , the fight go out of he eye . he know he 's beat , he know todd will never quit . he 's helpless as todd grip he in a terrible hold and as todd put the pressure on , caine 607 whisper ... caine 607 it hurt ! todd ( sympathetic ) I know . SNAP ! todd break caine 607 's neck and watch the life go out of he . in the sudden silence as todd , panting , stare at he defeat enemy , he hear a voice ... she voice ... very weak ... sandra sergeant ... todd turn and see sandra slump against the wall where caine 607 throw she . there 's a trickle of blood come from a nostril , more blood in she hair . her eye do not look right . sandra Nathan ! todd see nathan look at he mother with fear in he eye . struggle to he foot , todd pick up nathan and put the boy down close to he mother . sandra reach out and take nathan 's hand . she hold nathan 's hand toward todd . todd look confuse . there be tear in sandra 's eye as she push nathan 's little hand into todd 's huge leave paw . todd look down at the join hand , then he look into sandra 's flood eye . do todd understand she gesture ? his face be impassive . maybe he do not . just then a hand touch he shoulder . todd turn to see johnny face he , tremble but valiant , to ask the question the other be fearful of ask . johnny s-sir ... sir , be you we friend ? ( indicate Sandra ) sh- she say you be we friend . todd see all the child look at he , they eye big with hope and fear as we ... CUT to : int . dine common blacken with soot , jimmy pig still have the axe in he hand as slade manage , with a supreme effort , to hold the door of the root cellar up enough to allow emma and judith to push the four child out of the cellar and then to scramble after they . exhausted , slade let the door fall back , pick up he rifle and turn toward the exit . and freeze . dumbfound . stand in the doorway be todd , laden with child , on he shoulder , in he arm , surround he , clutching at he garment . slade you ! jimmy pig thank God ! CUT to : int . corridor / " daddy " - night crude letter scrawle on the metal skin of the bomb say " love from daddy . " the heavy bomb be lug along a long narrow corridor . sloan ( o.s. ) well , riley , you want a weapon , right ? now you get one ! a real biggee ! we see that riley and three other veteran -- GREEN , chesley , and moore -- be struggle to maneuver the heavy bomb along the narrow corridor and down a ladder hatch as sloan follow on they heel and church and rubrick , fretting , follow she . rubrick what good will it do just set it outside ? we do not know where the enemy be . church do not matter . for once mekum 's on the ball . this be a very dirty bomb ! that wind will churn the radioactivity around like soap in a wash machine . this be gonna be one clean place in a very short time ... CUT to : int . bowel of the ship - night the timer on the bomb click into action , tick off second and blur off the tenth . angle on sloan , punch a code into the device as she address the four veteran . sloan okay , fella , take it about a hundred yard , then get back on the double ... unless you wanna fry . riley , he face impassive , open a hatch , revealing the darkness outside where the wind scream . as rubrick and church watch , the four vets stagger into the darkness with the bomb , rubrick have to shout to church to be hear over the wind outside . rubrick thirty minute be awful tight ! we have to launch and get clear of the atmosphere . church it's enough . if we leave more than enough , the enemy may get clear somehow as well . as sloan shut the hatch , she check she watch . ext . spaceship / " daddy " carry the heavy bomb in a sling , riley , chesley , moore , and GREEN stagger past the work - light into the darkness while the wind rage around they . holding the sling one - hand , GREEN be illuminate the ground ahead with a flashlight . int . cockpit / " daddy " flick ! flick ! flick ! flick ! sloan be flick switch as rubrick read off a check list and she respond to each item on the list with " Roger . " church be punch button on the control console , cause light to light up read " Port power cluster , " " starboard power cluster , " " vertical stabilizer unit , " and so on . ext . terrain darkness ! buffete by the wind , riley and he companion lower the bomb to the ground and release it gently . they be just turn to go back , fight the wind , when riley sense something . he take the light from GREEN and point it . the four veteran axe astonished at what they see . crawler one , batter and motionless , be abandon only ten yard away . the flashlight beam probe the blow out windshield , the scar chassis , pan across the back seat ... and pan back urgently , glimpsing tiny eye . the eye disappear behind the back seat . riley , chesley , GREEN and moore exchange glance . the light probe again , this time revealing the frighten face of child cower in the back seat , hide from the wind . suddenly riley whirl . out of the darkness beside he , todd loom . riley look into the face of a man he see kill ! todd have a child in each arm and another hang on to he leg for dear life . he 's wear the scarf Jimmy pig give he . in the shadow behind todd , jimmy pig , slade , emma , judith and more child be watch anxiously . riley 's stone face come as close to expression as it ever will ... astonishment ! the other veteran stare too , amaze . suddenly riley give todd a smart military salute . angle on jimmy pig and slade exchange a look of wonder . what 's go on here ? they have not a clue ! and we ... CUT to : int . cockpit / " daddy " - night the countdown clock be ticking away , show ten minute , as church , rubrick , and sloan complete they pre-launch prep . church right horizontal ? rubrick Roger . right horizontal check green . church relax , look up at the clock , satisfied . church all right we be " go . " I be allow we three minute to clear the atmosphere and get out of range . that mean we can wait seven more minute . sloan fuck them ! let 's just go ! rubrick she 's right ! four more casualty be not gonna mean anything to anybody , especially when they be already obsolete . church consider for a moment , then shrug . church I guess they would not want to get old anyway . ( to sloan ) go ahead , lock the hatch . ( to rubrick ) rube , punch up the port power cluster and -- sloan ( interrupt urgently ) what be that ? church huh ? what be what ? sloan sssshhhh ! listen ! sloan be listen intensely . all they hear be the hum of the air system and miscellaneous white noise . church and rubrick exchange a glance and be about to speak when they all hear it ... a sound like a child crying somewhere in the ship ! all three of they stare at each other in utter amazement . rubrick it sound ... sloan like a kid ! just then they hear it again , closer . church frown . what the fuck ? CUT to : int . bunk / " daddy " - night - moment later emma , judith , slade and jimmy pig be settling most of the child in the cramped crew quarter , pull off hat and coat , when a commotion cause they to look toward the open door to the corridor in time to see ... a glimpse of rubrick be shove roughly along the corridor by moore , he loud protest clearly audible . rubrick be you crazy ? you can not do this , soldier ! you be go to be in trouble . then , as rubrick be push out of view , church appear , indignant and panicky , as chesley hustle he past . church I be you superior officer , do not you understand that ? angle on the pioneer , exchange glance . int . corridor / " daddy " as chesley shove he along , church continue to protest ... church do not you realize you be violate the chain of command ? I be give you a direct order to ...to ...to ... church break off , suddenly speechless at the sight ahead of he . here come todd , laden with more child , the tattoo on he cheek clearly visible . his eye meet church 's. church s-sergeant ? s-sergeant t-todd ? it ... you ...! how ...? how ...? weak at the knee , church be still stammer as chesley shove he ahead . and then sloan , in the grip of GREEN , be hustle by . she look wide - eye at todd and the child . sloan sergeant Todd ! CUT to : int . bowel of the ship - night - second later rubrick , church , and sloan be still protest as the veteran hustle they down the ladder toward the main hatch . rubrick listen , you do not understand ! that bomb be trigger ! it 's on a timer ! church we have to get out of here ! all of we ! you need we ! you need we to operate the ship ... sloan you're fucking moron ! can't you dimwit grasp that you're killing US all ! you 're killing yourselves ! there's only a few minute left ! rubrick no ! no ! no ! rubrick be shove out the door into the night ! ext . spaceship / " daddy " - night rubrick desperately clutches at the hatch entrance as the savage wind tear at he ... but he can not hold on . as sloan and church be shove out the hatch , they see rubrick blow off into the night , scream . church down ! lie down ! flat ! and church dive for the ground as the wind tumble he . sloan do the same thing as the hatch door slam behind they , shutting they out of the ship .. sloan no ! no ! no ! please ! no ! int . cockpit / " daddy " - night the countdown clock show four minute and twenty second as it click off the second . they soldier face inscrutable , todd and rubrick consider the various light winking on the control panel . riley point to a row of switch and look at todd . they eye meet . todd consider the switch , then nod . riley throw the switch . a row of red light go on and the ship seem to hum with life . still communicate wordlessly , todd point to another switch , riley throw it ! ext . spaceship / " daddy " blast off ! Big engine belch fire , illuminate the bleak landscape as the ship rise into the night . brightly light by the ignition , sloan , still on she belly , see the ship take off . sloan oh , my GOD ! oh , my GOD ! church there it be ! I see it ! the bomb be clearly visible ten yard away in the die glow of the takeoff . church bump madly along the ground on he belly . ext . spaceship / " daddy " the naf ship " daddy " climb off into space , get smaller and smaller , the light from the takeoff diminish . ext . the bomb / terrain the countdown timer on the bomb be faintly visible in the die light . it read twenty second . church ( v.o. ) twenty second . hurry . church and sloan be hunch desperately over the bomb in near darkness , the wind tear at they . sloan try to punch a code into the key ... sloan oh , my God , I can not remember if it 's six - seven or seven-six ... church try one ! try it ! sloan punch the keyboard blindly . sloan there ! I do it ! do it stop ? do it -- ? bahwhoooooooooooooooom ! everything be dazzle , blind light ! int . cockpit / " daddy " White light from the blast briefly flood the cockpit as todd and riley stare at the video monitor where mekum' video image be babbling frantically . mekum / video image ... I need a report , Captain . it 's not just my ass , it 's yours too ! you have get to stand by I on this . I want you to come in right now ... right now ! do you understand I ? right now ! riley turn to todd , look a question at he . todd meet he look and no word be necessary . riley reach for the control switch as mekum continue babbling . mekum / video image this be important for all of we , for we career . there 's go to be a board of inquiry and -- mekum' image cut out mid-babble . slade' voice ( o.s. ) that be the boss , huh ? todd and riley turn to see slade in the entrance to the cockpit address todd and the veteran collectively . slade well then , I guess you fella be all right . I guess I misjudge you some . where I say you be " a buncha no good killer robot , " I mighta just overspoke myself . as of now , till it go otherwise , you get my sincere approval and support . with that , slade turn and exit . todd look at riley , riley look at todd . what the fuck be that ? int . corridor / " daddy " - night nathan wobble along a empty corridor , stumble , catch himself on a wall , keep go . he pass a doorway , peer in , see two soldier work at a console like robot . they do not look up . nathan keep go , toddle toward a hatchway . int . cockpit / " daddy " enter , nathan move among the leg of big man , veteran . nathan keep go . then , back against a wall , he look up and veteran loom past he with blank face . he be alone again . nathan totter onward . close angle on chart , the same one Church have on Christmas Eve , show tiny dot in a vast sea of space . todd and riley be poring over they , they eye consider dot after dot . finally , todd point to a dot and look a question at riley . riley consider the dot for a long moment ... then he look todd in the eye . riley cold . todd look back at the dot , consider it , look back at riley . todd Air ? riley nod a yes . todd be thoughtful ... finally ask the next question . todd safe ? riley ( nodd yes ) but very cold . todd consider the dot on the map again , then look at riley . todd that one . riley aye , aye , sir . riley turn toward a console , but something make he look down toward he feat . then he look back at todd . todd follow the look . tiny nathan be look up at todd who 's tower over he . todd look down without expression , the scarf from Jimmy pig still wrap around he neck . nathan put he arm out to be pick up . todd consider the outstretch arm . riley look from todd to nathan and back to todd . what 's this ? todd hesitates a half second more , then lean down and pick nathan up in he arm , lift the boy to he chest . riley look on . never see anything like it . nathan be close to todd 's face , look right into it , try a little smile , a nervous one , look for a response . todd hesitates , take a breath , move the muscle of he face . all he can produce be a awkward grimace , the distortion of a smile , almost comical . nathan read the intention successfully . his face collapse into a huge friendly grin . todd try again , make a clumsy sort of rubbery wince . riley watch . totally amaze . todd turn , take nathan to a porthole , put he face up to it . nathan stare out at the darkness punctuate by a billion star , a sky full of hope . as nathan look out , todd work he face again , try for a smile the way a weak man might try to lift a heavy weight . nathan look at the star outside , todd look with he and suddenly todd 's face relax into a awkward grin , almost by accident . riley watch the two of they for a moment , confound by what he 's see . then he turn to the console and ... the close credit roll . the end