smashed written by James ponsoldt &amp ; Susan burke September 24th , 2011 over black : clinking glass and other assort bar sound . karaoke announcer ( v.o . ) let 's give a hand to rodney ! scatter applause and laughter . karaoke announcer ( v.o . ) next up , we have get a little lady name ... kate ! joyful applause . bar voice ( v.o . ) yeah , kate ! the open muzak strain of a " karaoke song to be determine " fade in : 1 int . karaoke bar - night 1 close on : kate hannah -- late - 20 , pretty and wholesome and , * oh yeah , piss drunk . she stand on a tiny karaoke stage in the far corner of a half - empty dive bar . kate hold a microphone and dance as she sing a bad karaoke version of " song to be determine . " what kate lack in talent she more than make up for with charm and enthusiasm . at a table near the stage be -- -- charlie hannah : kate 's husband , late - 20' , scruffy but * handsome , also pretty damn drunk . he enthusiastically clap and point to kate , make up a cheer section along with -- -- owen hannah -- Charlie 's young brother , early - 20 's -- * who sing along with -- -- the small but energetic crowd . kate begin to ramble between verse -- and gleefully point to Charlie and Owen . for the moment , this drunk girl be the Queen of karaoke . later 2 . kate finish the song and drunkenly tumble off the stage to join Charlie and Owen . charlie that be so good , baby ! kate bullshit . charlie I be serious . you sing like a angel -- a drunk angel . Owen and kate laugh . kate if you be write about my performance for you blog , what would you say ? charlie I would say that , uh ... my wife be the sexiest , most amazing woman alive . kate that would be such a shitty article -- nobody would read it . kate and Charlie laugh and kiss -- and then kate glance at Owen and make a puppy dog face . kate ( cont 'd ) ( to Owen ) aw ...we need to find you a lady , Owen . owen yeah -- I have be try to flirt with the bartender , but ... I can not tell . Owen motion to the -- -- female bartender , early 20' . * kate she 's hot ! what can not you tell ? owen she look like she could kick my ass . no way would she go for a guy like I . 3. kate you be be a little girl -- just go talk to she . owen ( clearly shy ) I do not know ... forget about it . kate ( not go to take " no " for a answer ) I will take point -- follow I . kate stumble to the bar . Charlie and Owen follow . kate put she arm around Owen and get the attention of the bartender . kate ( cont 'd ) I want to buy a gimlet for I and a double - shot of whiskey for my brother - in - law `cause he 's have a hard week . female bartender ` Kay . the bartender quickly pour the drink . female bartender ( cont 'd ) that 's fifteen . kate wait -- do not you wanna know what happen to he ? the bartender roll she eye and check around the bar to see if there be other customer . it 's pretty dead -- so she listen . female bartender ( unenthuse ) what happen ? kate he just get back from England -- because he go there for a girl ! a preppy , bitchy girl . Diane Court ... that be she name . he love she so much that he go with she because she have a fellowship or something . he give up be a kickboxer . a kickboxer ! * ( sad ) and she dumped he . 4. the bartender size up Owen . the trio wait with anticipation to hear she response , which be -- female bartender ( to Owen ) you kickbox ? owen ( catch in the headlight ) yeah . and ... that 's all Owen 's get . kate ( jump in ) and he teach kid at the kickbox studio . oh , they be so cute ! the bartender glance back to Owen . owen ( finally ) a lot of `em do not have parent -- so ... it 's kinda more than just a teacher / student thing . ( beat ) I know it sound silly , but I feel responsible for they -- like ... ( emotional ) ... I could be they parent . kate slide down the bar to Charlie . kate ( hushed ) I think I get he laid . charlie yeah ? kate she seem totally game . charlie sure she just do not want to get into you pants ? kate roll she eye . kate I think I be do for the night . 5 . charlie yeah ? Owen wander over , deject . * owen she 's see " say anything . " charlie eh , well ... what be you gonna do , huh ? ( beat ) wanna drive we home ? kate no -- he need to keep work it ! * you guy stay here . charlie I do not want to watch my brother not score . I want to go to bed with you and ... ( whisper into kate 's ear ) ... you know . kate I will be home when you get there . we can " you know " then . owen ( to Charlie ) yeah , man -- you do not have a job to wake up for in the morning or anything . charlie write be a job ! not have to report to a office only make work harder . ( to kate ) baby , you drank a lot . I think Owen should take we home -- you be too drunk to drive . kate so 's Owen . ( suddenly focus ) I be not that drunk . besides , you know I focus when I drive -- it sober I up . charlie tell that to the cop . 6 . kate kiss Charlie and hug Owen . kate ( to Charlie ) I love you , baby . I will be wait for you in a nice warm bed . you have exactly one mission : get you brother laid -- and do not talk to any other woman . beat . charlie that sound like two mission . kate no , it 's just one . charlie ( to Owen ) it kinda sound like two , right ? owen ( nodd ) it do . kate grin and slowly back away towards the door . kate ( really fast ) goodbyeiloveyouboth ! 2 ext . karaoke bar - parking lot - night 2 * kate stumble out of the bar and hear a groan . she glance over and see : a drunk woman -- freda , 30 -- sit on the curb . she moan again . kate glance around the parking lot . nobody else but she and freda . kate you okay ? freda ( quick ) yeah . be you ? kate ( take aback ) um ...sure . 7. freda good . ( whisper ) hey , I be not really okay . kate oh ... freda my bitch sister just take off and leave I here so she could hook up with some asshole . now what be I suppose to do ? huh ? I do not have a car here . kate I guess I could ... freda you will give I a ride ? oh my god ! thank you ! freda get up quickly -- and almost fall over . * kate I be gonna say " call you a cab , " `cause , you know -- I do not even know you . freda it 's not far . please ? pretty please ...? kate look dismay . not sure what to do . CUT to : 3 int . / ext . subaru ( moving ) - night 3 * the car pass through Chinatown on its way downtown . * kate drive with freda in the passenger seat . freda glance down at the floor and notice a flask . * freda you know , you should not drink and drive . kate I be not -- freda just kid . can I have a sip ? 8. kate 's speechless . freda ( cont 'd ) I be really thirsty . kate it 's , uh ... whiskey . freda fuck yeah , it 's whiskey ! I love whiskey . you be the real thing , huh ? a hardcore drink bitch like I ! freda take a swig from kate 's flask . kate I do not know . no. freda can I smoke in you car ? kate ( slightly annoyed ) okay , fine -- go ahead . can you just roll down the window ? freda of course -- I be not uncivilize . freda take out a -- -- crack pipe and light it , deeply inhale crack smoke . kate ( in disbelief ) whoa ! kate immediately pull the car over . kate ( cont 'd ) not what I think you mean . freda want a hit ? kate no , I ... be that pot ? freda ( as though it 's a ridiculous question ) of course not ! what do I look like ? a stoner ? ( more ) 9 . freda ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) it 's crack . kate oh , shit ! no ...no thank you . freda c'mon -- it 's good crack . kate I do not , um ... I have never smoke crack . freda ( surprised ) really ? this stuff be the truth -- and it will sober you up . kate uh ... I think you should go . freda I be not get out in the middle of nowhere . do you know what could happen to I all alone out here at * night ? kate I do not know -- people might offer you crack ? freda seriously ? it 's not a big deal -- just take a little hit . kate and freda stare at each other . a stand -off . kate I say no . freda one hit will not hurt you . it will sober you up . kate glance at the pipe , which freda wiggle in front of she . freda ( cont 'd ) ( high -pitch cartoon voice ) smoke I ! kate laugh . 10 . kate one puff . then we be both go home . freda nod . Long beat . kate ( cont 'd ) Fine . freda put the pipe into kate 's lip and light it . kate suck in crack smoke . her eyelid flutter . freda you have get money , right ? 4 ext . downtown - STREET - night 4 near some tent , cardboard box , and shopping cart -- -- kate smoke crack with freda and two older men . they pass around two pipe . later freda be pass out on a sleeping bag on the sidewalk . kate be animatedly tell a story to the two guy -- who be still smoking crack . kate ( mile - a- minute fast ) ...' cause I feel like I understand what it 's like to be homeless , ya know ? I mean , if you do not know I , if we have not connect tonight , you might think : " there 's some upper-middle - class , NPR listen , self - congratulatory , insulate , lazy liberal bitch . probably never have to worry about anything . " but that 's not true at all ! I grow up poor , man . single mother . McDonald 's use to have one day a week where they sell 29 cent hamburger , and another day where they have 39 cent cheeseburger . my mom and I would go there and she would get twenty burger -- that be the limit , probably set up for folk just like we -- and then she would put `em in the freezer and we would microwave `em for dinner throughout the week . ( more ) 11 . kate ( cont 'd ) I be kinda overweight until high school , to be perfectly honest . eat use to be my thing . when I start drink , though , I kinda stop eat so much . ( back on track ) but anyway , the point be : you and I , we be not so different . the two guy be not pay much attention to kate . they be more concerned with they crack pipe . 5 ext . downtown - sidewalk - dawn 5 kate be asleep on the curb . she look awful . suddenly , kate 's eye widen . she look around at she surroundings , confuse , then jump to she foot . 6 ext . downtown - street - dawn 6 kate run through the street . 6a ext . downtown - street - dawn 6a * we track along with kate as she dash past various * building . * 6b ext . downtown - STREET - dawn 6b * we stare down a long , empty street , the downtown skyscraper * tower in the distance . from out of nowhere -- * -- kate appear at the end of the street and sprint towards * the camera . * a legend appear over the image of kate running : " smashed " 7 int . / ext . subaru ( moving ) - dawn 7 kate drive -- a paranoid expression on she face and she hand tightly grip the steering wheel . she glance down at -- -- she cell phone in the passenger seat . 21 miss call . 12. she pass various site on she way from downtown to highland * Park . * 8 ext . kate &amp ; charlie' house - morning 8 kate slowly pull into the driveway of a small , cute house . 9 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live room / hallway / kitchen - 9 * morning kate walk into the kitchen to find -- -- Charlie asleep at the kitchen table . cell phone next to he head . empty Beer bottle litter the table . kate tip - toe across the kitchen . Charlie quickly jerk up . charlie ( confuse ) huh ?! kate shhh ... it 's okay , baby . go back to sleep . charlie what happen ? I come home and you be go and I wait and wait . kate it 's a long story . charlie I be worried . I keep call you . kate I end up ... Charlie sniff kate . charlie you smell funny . what do you smell like ? kate I fall asleep in my car . near the bar . I be too drunk to drive . 13. charlie so , why do not you come back or call I ? kate Charlie -- ( beat ) -- I be fine . charlie well , maybe I be not . I worry , baby . I love you -- and you know how you get sometimes . kate I love you too . but I be home . it 's over . I gotta get to work . charlie I can not be worried about you all the time . kate rub Charlie 's hair and kiss he forehead . kate do not worry so much . I be fine . ( beat ) c'mon -- let I get you to bed . charlie I be up now -- how `bout I make we bacon and egg sandwich ? kate smile . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( know he 's get she ) Magic word . 10 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - bathroom - morning 10 kate take a shower -- while she drink a Beer . * get dress . put on make-up . 11 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - kitchen - morning 11 kate walk into the kitchen , ready to go . Charlie be at the stove , cooking bacon and egg . he hand kate a mug of coffee and gesture to the table -- where there 's a check . 14 . charlie check for you mom 's on the table . kate thanks , baby . kate take a sip of coffee . kate ( cont 'd ) why do the coffee taste so much better when you make it ? charlie because I make it with love -- and bacon . kate laugh and kiss Charlie . 12 int . / ext . subaru ( moving ) - day 12 * kate take a right on a STREET and then pull into the * parking lot at a elementary school she 's about to get out , but then notice ... ... the flask on the floor . a few moment later kate chug what 's leave in the flask . across the parking lot * mr. davie -- the assistant principal , early - 40' , slightly * nerdy but not bad look , watch -- * -- kate drink in she car . * child pass by in the distance . * Mr. Davies take a beat , but instead of say anything he * walk away through the parking lot . * kate do not notice she 's be see . * 13 omitted 13 * 15 . 14 int . elementary school - classroom - day 14 kate stand next to a chalkboard in front of a class of third grader . she 's really animated -- do she " game show hostess " schtick . on the chalkboard be the letter : " a " kate ( to the class ) now , if I add a " C , " what word do I have ? a student raise she hand . kate ( cont 'd ) yes , hillary ? * hillary * can ? kate that 's correct ! can . you have win a all - expense pay trip to the blackboard , hillary ! * hillary hesitates . she look embarrassed . * kate ( cont 'd ) c'mon ... there 's a washer - dryer combo in it for you . hillary shuffles up to the board and write " can . " * kate ( cont 'd ) great job , hillary -- let 's give * she a round of applause ! the class applaud . hillary smile and go back to she seat . * kate ( cont 'd ) can anyone use " can " in a sentence ? a student -- angela -- raise she hand . kate ( cont 'd ) yes ? angela " hurry up in there -- I gotta use the can ! " 16 . the student giggle . kate ( quickly move on ) wonderful , Angela . you get a camaro with flame paint on the hood . the student cheer . kate ( cont 'd ) now -- ( to the class ) -- what 's another word I could make by add a letter to " a " ? nobody raise they hand . kate ( cont 'd ) c'mon ... finally , a student in the back -- ramon -- raise he hand . kate ( cont 'd ) yes -- Ramon ? ramon P. kate p...okay , what word would that make if I add a " p " ? ramon um...pan ? kate Pan ! that 's right . Ramon martinez ... come on down ! Ramon walk up and begin to write " pan . " kate ( cont 'd ) wow ! just look at that excellent penman -- kate stop suddenly and raise she hand to she mouth . she quickly run behind she desk , lean over , and discretely -- -- vomit on the floor ! Ramon -- who 's just inch from the pool of vomit -- look horrify . kate glance up from behind she desk to see -- 17 . -- the kid all make gross - out face and say thing like -- kide ew ! grody ! gross ! yuck ! it smell like cheese ! sloppy joe ! grandpa ! shrimp ! bacon ! embarrass , kate quickly get tissue from she desk and begin clean up the mess . kate ( to the class ) I be so sorry you have to see that . hillary stand up . * hillary * Mrs. Hannah -- be you pregnant ? kate what ? hillary * my mommy throw up when she be pregnant with my little sister . be you pregnant ? some of the kid begin whispering ( say thing like " ooh ! " " she 's gonna have a baby . " ) . ramon be you ? kate seem flustered and say -- kate yes . 15 int . elementary school - principal be office - day 15 kate sit across a desk from -- -- principal barne : female , early 50' , stern , scattered , * and clearly a softy at heart , she wear a pair of glass * around she neck . * principal barne vice principal Davies will be look after you student for the rest of the day -- so you do not need to worry about that . 18. kate oh , that 's really good to know . I will have to thank he . ( beat ) I just feel awful for get sick in front of my student . principal barne oh , please -- they be trooper . I be sure they have see plenty worse . ( beat ) so -- how long have you be pregnant ? kate um ... it 's the first trimester . principal barne well , it 's very exciting . you must be thrilled . kate ( nod ) uh-huh . principal barne can I ask a ... personal question ? kate okay . principal barne how 's it ... ( beat ) ... go for you ? kate huh ? principal barne the pregnancy , I mean . kate 's not sure how to respond . principal barne ( cont 'd ) have kid be not in the card for I . I come close , but ... principal barne drift off into think for a moment , then catch herself and quickly shift gear . 19 . principal barne ( cont 'd ) ... I mean , it 's like I have get a couple hundred kid here -- ( force a laugh ) -- but ... I do not fool myself . it 's not the same . kate ( consider she reply ) well ... it 's hard to explain . principal barne of course ... kate I would not call it a burden , but -- principal barne it 's a responsibility . beat . kate yeah . exactly . principal barne ( nod ) you be so lucky . ( beat ) can I ...touch it ? kate um , I do not ... okay -- but it sleep a lot . principal barne of course . kate like ... a lot . principal barne get up and kneel next to kate . she place she hand on kate 's belly and close she eye . principal barne ( whisper ) hello in there . can you hear I ? you be a tiny miracle . do you know that ? a miracle . principal barne look up at kate and smile -- with tear in she eye . 20 . 16 int . elementary school - hallway - day 16 kate walk down the hall and come to the door of she classroom . through the glass she see -- -- Mr. Davies . he notice kate and smile ( the concerned smile you give someone right after they have publicly embarrassed themselves ) . kate mouth the word -- kate ( silent ) thank you . -- and gesture " come here . " Mr. Davies gesture to the class that he will be right back -- before he walk out to talk to kate . he 's get a slightly nervous demeanor -- somewhere between " I never become comfortable talk to woman " and asperger 's . mr. davie be everything , um ... okay , Mrs. Hannah ? kate yeah , well ... I be really embarrassed -- but I feel a lot better . and I just want to say thank you . Mr. Davies glance down the hall . mr. davie look -- I be not a fool . ( whisper ) I know you be drink this morning . kate look shocked . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) I see you . kate ( take aback ) oh , no , I ... mr. davie drink when you be pregnant be really dangerous . 21 . kate I know that ! oh , God , I ... ( long beat ) ... listen -- I be not actually pregnant . mr. davie what ? kate I be just really hang over . the kid start ask I question after I vomit and I panicked . mr. davie oh. that 's ... not good . kate I know . I ... please do not say anything . Mr. Davies look tear , unsure how to respond . mr. davie just ... go home . get some sleep . before kate can say a word , Mr. Davies head back into the classroom . 17 int . elementary school - bathroom - day 17 kate have she face fully in the sink while water run over it and -- -- two little girl curiously watch . 18 int . neighborhood bar - day 18 * kate and Charlie play pool while split a pitcher of Beer . it 's a bit early to be drink , but hey -- why not ? kate I have such a crappy morning . charlie I too . I spend like three hour at the post office try to buy stamp and stuff . kate take a long sip of beer . 22. kate I tell my class I be pregnant . Charlie look up at kate with a beam smile . he lean over and grab she hand . charlie ( excited and sort of confuse ) oh , baby , that 's -- kate I be not . pregnant . so do not worry . charlie ( deflate ) oh. ( beat ) ` Cause it would be great news -- if it be true . ( beat ) ` course then I would have to drink you beer ... kate well , it be a lie . I just lie to my class . after barfing in front of they . charlie ( cringe ) ooh ... kate yeah , that 's what they say . ( long beat ) listen ... I can not do this anymore . a look of complete terror and confusion pass over Charlie 's face . charlie what do you mean ? kate I dunno . I think I might ... drink too much . Charlie laugh . charlie oh. that. yeah ... you kinda do . Charlie swig he beer . 23. kate I know I do -- I be a fuck mess ... charlie baby -- that 's not true . you be beautiful . and brilliant . and I love you . I would not be marry to a " mess . " kate I leave work after puke in front * of little kid . and ...now I be * drink in the middle of the day . * charlie well , that thing happen sometimes . ( beat ) I mean , they should not happen all the time , but ... it 's the price of , uh , truly live life . kate be not that like a slogan for some kind of beer or toothpaste or something ...? charlie no . and it 's true -- you and I , we be not just some boring couple in the suburb who do not sleep with each other and have nothing to talk about except whatever tv show they be currently into . ( beat ) we , like ... still know how to party . kate yeah ... ( beat ) ... I think I need to slow down . ( beat ) and I might need help . charlie I will help you . kate I know , but ... I might need more help . charlie yeah ? like a therapist ? 24 . kate I do not know -- I just get stupid when I be drunk , and I be drunk a lot . charlie we just like to have a good time . kate yeah , well ... ( beat ) ... you have gotta promise not to tell this to anyone . charlie ( curious ) I promise . kate that include Owen . charlie of course . kate well , last night I kinda , um ... ( hushed ) ... smoke some crack . charlie what ?! some bar patron glance at kate and Charlie . kate after I leave the bar , I , uh , pick up this drunk girl and ... I do not really remember what come next , but I end up smoking crack with she . charlie ( confuse ) uh...how 's that even happen ? ( beat ) you give someone a ride and she reward you with crack ?! kate well ... she seem desperate . she really need a ride home . charlie where ? 25 . kate downtown . I think she maybe life in ... a tent ? charlie what ? kate well ... she might be homeless . or a prostitute . or just some lose sorority girl . ( think about it ) to be honest , I be not sure ... charlie ( disgust ) oh , my god ... you smoke crack with some random stranger ? do you ... share a pipe ? kate do not answer . she do not need to . charlie ( cont 'd ) ughhh ... ( beat ) just play Devil 's advocate , but maybe it 's the crack - smoking you need help with and not the drink . kate give Charlie a dirty look . charlie ( cont 'd ) I be just say . kate the drink lead to the crack - smoking . the drink lead to everything stupid I do . ( beat ) I mean ... can you even remember the last time we have sober sex ? Charlie begin to answer , but then ... go blank . he try to remember . and can not . charlie we will chill out with the booze for a while . we can just be wine - with - * dinner people . ( beat ) how 's that sound ? 26 . 19 ext . STREET - day 19 kate and Charlie joyfully ride bicycle home from the bar . charlie maybe you should go to , uh ... one of that meeting . they have `em over there . Charlie gesture to a build ( could be a church or different type of building where aa meet ) . kate laugh . kate yeah , right . charlie remember when I be shit - face and take that q &amp ; a pamphlet from there ? kate ( laugh ) Holy shit ! and we answer " yes " to like every question and at the end it be like , " if you answer `ye ' to any of this you be a alcoholic ! " charlie yeah ... ( nostalgic ) ... that be fun , be not it ? kate smile and nod . charlie ( cont 'd ) hey -- Charlie gesture to the street . charlie ( cont 'd ) -- look out for that crack ! kate look down but see nothing . kate what crack ? 27 . charlie oh , sorry -- I think there be a crack there ... ( grin ) ... but you must have smoke it last night . kate roll she eye -- and then jokingly swerve towards Charlie , try to knock he over . he laugh and speed away . kate chase after he . 20 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live room - later 20 while a old 70 's R &amp ; B song play on a record player , which be next to stack and stack of record -- -- kate and Charlie drunkenly slow dance , drink wine , and * laugh at a aa pamphlet . charlie " have you miss day of work or school because of drink ? " kate absolutely . charlie " do you envy people who can drink without get into trouble ? " kate envy be not exactly the right word ... charlie " do you have vblackout ' ? " kate yeah , but who do not ? charlie " have you drink cause trouble at home ? " kate no ! we be great . charlie yeah . definitely . but we still have a lot of " yes " answer . ( refer to pamphlet ) yep ... we still qualify as drunk . 28 . kate I be gonna go ! charlie ( disbelief ) yeah , right . kate no -- I be serious ! I be gonna go . what time be it ? charlie eight . kate get up . kate see ya . charlie ( do not believe she ) uh-huh ... kate take a big sip of wine . kate ( quite serious ) this be I : go . Charlie laugh -- he do not buy it . charlie you have be booz . kate so ? you should come too ! Charlie laugh . charlie yeah , right . you can not go to aa waste . it 's like a rule or something . kate oh , yeah ? watch I ! 21 int . meeting hall - night 21 a aa meeting be in progress . a older woman stand at the podium share she story . 29 . the room be fill with -- -- different group of people , all of whom sit with they " own group , " like a high school lunch room -- but the people be adult . there be distinct group of -- -- " pretty women " -- -- " obsessively tattooed people " -- -- " businessmen " -- -- and " hipster . " as kate -- who 's slightly confuse -- enter the building , a hip look man -- donovan , 30 's -- stop she , extend he hand . donovan ( whisper ) hey , I be donovan . welcome . kate hi donovan -- I be kate ! donovan " shush " kate . donovan you must be a newcomer , huh ? kate a what ? donovan ( whisper ) um , I be not really allow to talk to new chick , but there be lot of woman here who can help you out . kate ( confuse ) okay . ( beat ) do I just sit wherever ? donovan the meeting already start so just try to find a spot anywhere . kate drunkenly stumble to the back of the room , say thing like " sorry " and " I like that jacket " as she take a seat next to two very clean CUT women . 30 . as the woman at the podium continue to speak , the woman next to kate quietly try to welcome she . lily * be you new ? kate to this ? yeah . why 's everyone whisper ? shana * it 's hard , huh ? kate I guess . lily * everything 's go to be fine . you be home . kate do not respond -- just look around with the fear anyone would have if they feel they have just accidentally join Jim Jones ' church . later the room be completely full -- with over one -hundre people . the tattooe man stand at the podium . tattoo man not to embarrass anyone , but so that we may get to know you better - - be there anybody here in they first thirty day of recovery ? several people scattered throughout the room stand up and introduce themselves as alcoholics . kate stand up . kate I be kate . I ...i be ... I guess I be a little drunk right now . people burst into laughter . kate ( cont 'd ) do you want I to talk about my childhood or something ? 31 . tattoo man ( painfully polite ) you know , kate , we actually ask that you do not share if you have have * a drink or any mind - alter substance in the past 24 hour . kate ( not listen ) I can -- I kinda hate my dad and do not talk to he . and my mom ... oh , man ... I do not even know where to start . she 's , like , stick in the 80 's and kind of a metalhead . her last boyfriend call himself a drummer but really just give drum lesson to little kid and -- tattoo man ( try to shut kate up ) welcome , kate . ( force a smile ) it get better . kate ( not pick up the hint ) I like drink be the thing . I mean , I do not want to say you guy be wrong or anything ... kate nervously laugh . some of the people in the crowd look embarrassed for kate . tattoo man thank you -- we be all here to help . we do have to move on , though . the woman next to kate get she to sit back down . lily * do not worry , sweetie -- there will be plenty of time to tell you story . a young woman -- amber , 22 -- approach the podium . amber hey , I be amber , alcoholic . I can not really believe that it 's be five year . I mean , my life be a mess back then . now I be back in school , I have a amazing man , I love my parent -- it 's crazy ... 32 . kate ( way too loud ) how old be that girl ?! can she even go to bar ? ( to amber ) how old be you , amber ? shana * be respectful . kate seem surprised at be chastise . amber ( gain intensity ) um ...okay ? it 's because I do the work . I get down on my knee and pray every night ! I go to a meeting everyday ! kate everyday ? amber it be not easy , but I have gotta say , I owe everything to aa . well , aa -- and God , of course ! the whole room applaud . later everyone be stand , hold hand , and say the serenity prayer . everyone God grant I the serenity to accept the thing I can not change -- courage to change the thing I can - - and wisdom to know the difference . kate amen ! everyone turn and look at kate . kate ( cont 'd ) ( embarrassed ) okay ... I think I be good . kate quickly leave the meeting as clumsily as she arrive . 33. 22 ext . kate &amp ; charlie' house - backyard - night 22 kate chug freeze margarita straight from a pitcher . kate so much for that . kate and Charlie stand in they backyard , which be criss - cross by white christmas light and have some old lawn furniture . they drunkenly play croquet . * charlie be it a bunch of old biker guy ? kate no , it be ... I do not know . enthusiastic people . a lot of really enthusiastic people ! charlie yuck -- I hate enthusiasm . I be sorry it be not cool . Charlie think for a moment . charlie ( cont 'd ) I can not really imagine never drink . I guess I do not have to , though -- ( beat ) -- you be the one with the problem . kate nod in agreement . * charlie ( cont 'd ) hey -- I love you . I do not want you to have to drink . kate I do not have to drink . ( beat ) I just really like to drink . * charlie ( sincere ) good -- `cause you be my favorite person to drink with in the whole damn world . Charlie lean in to kiss kate . they make out for a moment , and then kate ... 34 . ... bite Charlie 's lip . Charlie pull back , shocked . kate grin mischievously . charlie ( cont 'd ) oh , no you do not ! Charlie lunge at kate , who dodge he and laugh . Charlie dive and playfully tackle kate . they begin to wrestle in the grass -- it 's cute and loving but perhaps a little too intense . 23 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - bedroom - night 23 kate and Charlie be make out on the bed . kate start to unbutton Charlie 's shirt . as it turn out , Charlie 's extremely drunk ( and it 's apparent in he movement and voice ) . charlie be you try to have some sex ? kate remove Charlie 's pants and take off she clothing . she climb on top of he and -- -- they start have sloppy , drunk sex . after a few beat , kate notice that Charlie be not move . she look down to discover that -- -- he 's pass out . kate pause for a moment ... then continue to ride she unconscious husband . 24 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - kitchen - night 24 kate drink what 's leave in the tequila bottle as she drunkenly search the fridge , counter , and cupboard for more booze . she find a few sip here and there at the bottom of a couple Beer bottle -- but she seem frustrated that there be not more alcohol in the house . a few moment later kate put on she slipper , robe and -- 25 ext . STREET - night 25 kate drunkenly ride a bicycle down the street ( still in she robe and slipper ) . 35 . 26 int . convenience store - night 26 kate try to open the locked glass fridge where the Beer be keep . after several attempt , she give up and grab two bottle of wine from a shelf . kate set the bottle on the counter . * the clerk -- a tired look man in he 30' -- look at kate with pity . clerk you know I can not sell you this , kate . a elderly man -- shopping for freeze food -- glance over at kate . * kate what ? you can not tell I be 21 ? come on -- I be in here all the time . you know I . clerk yes , I do , kate . and I know you be old enough -- but it 's too late . the clerk hold up he watch ( which read 2:45 ) . kate c'mon -- we can just pretend it 's before two ... kate reach down and try to rewind the clerk 's watch . clerk ( not amused ) stop it . kate it 's just a little wine . I be not drive or anything . clerk I do not think so . sorry . kate give he a big , flirty smile . kate come on , dude -- I will let you have a sip if you want . kate try to do a " sexy " dance . 36 . clerk it 's the law . I can not sell alcohol after 2 a.m . you know that . kate why do not you give it to I , then ? that would not hurt anything . a gift -- because we be friend . clerk I could lose my job . kate do not have anything to say back -- so she glance at the elderly man in the freeze food section . * kate ( to the elderly man ; mean to be a whisper , but way too loud ) you distract he , okay ?! the elderly man put up he hand , not want any part of it . clerk look -- why do not you get a bottle of water or a coffee or something instead ? kate Water or coffee ? fuck you . what -- just cause I will not suck you dick ? clerk ( have enough ) oh my god . okay , enough -- you gotta go . kate do not budge . clerk ( cont 'd ) seriously , kate . you should go . kate fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! kate be hysterical and she eye be start to fill with tear . kate ( cont 'd ) this be bullshit ! ( beat ) I have to pee . 37 . kate run down the aisle and try to open the bathroom door - - but it 's lock . she hide from view , and then squat down and begin to pull up she robe . clerk what the fuck be you do ?! kate ( catch ) I do not mean to ! sometimes I just have to pee really , really bad . * clerk ( frustrated ) get outta here now ! kate ( plead ) c'mon ... can not we drink together ? the clerk clearly be not go to budge . kate nod , resign , and then ... ... grab a bottle of wine and dash out the door . 27 ext . L.A. river - dawn 27 kate be pass out on the concrete bank of the Los Angeles River . the empty bottle of ( screw top ) wine be next to she . kate 's bicycle lay in some weed nearby . a bird squawks . kate slowly wake up , confuse , and in a zombie- like state she get up and trudge home , wheeling along she bike . 28 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - bedroom - morning 28 kate be awaken by the deafeningly loud alarm clock and the sound of a news radio announcer . she look at the clock and realize that -- -- it 's 7:30 . she jump out of bed in a panic . kate Charlie ! kate pause when she realize she back be wet . she look down at the bed , which be -- 38 . -- completely soaked . kate ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) not again . half -asleep , Charlie roll over onto the pee-soake part of the bed . charlie come back to bed , baby . kate I have to go to work . you snooze my alarm again . I be gonna be late . charlie well , you peed on I so I guess * we be even . * kate I have a weak bladder . charlie well ... I can not go to work like this . kate you work from we kitchen . charlie yeah , but change the sheet be my real job . ( beat ) hey -- where be you last night ? kate huh ? charlie I wake up at like 4 a.m. and you be go . kate where would I go at 4 a.m. alone ? you must have be dream . kate then glance down and notice -- -- that her feet be cover in dirt and grass . she pause , slightly alarmed , but continue get ready . 39 . 29 int . elementary school - bathroom - stall - day 29 kate 's on she knee , puke into a toilet . a few moment later kate exit the stall to find -- -- principal barne stand by the door . kate I ... principal barne I can only imagine the chemistry experiment that 's go on -- barne point at kate 's stomach . principal barne ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) -- in there . 30 int . elementary school - classroom - day 30 kate sit on a SMALL chair read a children' book to she class -- -- who be sit indian style in a semi-circle . ramon be you gonna have a boy or a girl ? kate I do not know yet . hillary * when will you know ? kate not until summertime . you guy will be on vacation . ramon if you have a boy what will you name he ? kate maybe ... woodrow Wilson ? angela that 's a name for a man -- not a baby ! 40 . the child laugh . kate laugh too -- but look a little freak out . 31 int . elementary school - teachers ' lounge - day 31 kate eat she packed lunch with Mr. Davies . kate thanks again for cover for I . mr. davie I can not promise to cover for you every time you get pregnant . kate there will not be another time . mr. davie I genuinely hope not . look -- I do not tell barne , but if anything like this happen again I will have to . Mr. Davies smile -- a sweet , genuine smile . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) okay ... kate ? kate ( nodd ) okay ... ( not sure what to say ) ... David ? beat . mr. davie Dave . kate try to hold back a smile . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) I know -- Dave Davies ...yup ... hah - hah . anyway , uh , be everything okay with you ? kate I do not know . ( beat ) um ...no ? ( more ) 41 . kate ( cont 'd ) I puke in front of my class and then tell everyone I be pregnant . that 's not really okay , huh ? mr. davie no , I do not think so . kate I go to aa last night . mr. davie ( slightly uncomfortable ) oh , yeah ? what would you think of it ? kate it be awful . I keep get shushed . mr. davie I do not normally tell people I work with this ... but -- Mr. Davies take a coin that say " nine year " out of he pocket and show it to kate . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) -- I be a bit of a expert when it come to this thing . kate ( shocked ) you ? mr. davie yeah , I . I have live a strange one . * I be nine year sober , aa and na . ( beat ) I use to drink cocaine . ( off kate 's shocked expression ) it 's really cheap in the Philippines . Mr. Davies take a beat to think about what he 's say . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) listen , kate . I know meeting can be weird . especially at first , but if you want to ... you never need to feel like you have to ... but the one I go to be pretty small . Nice little group . ( beat ) I would be happy to take you . 42 . kate maybe that would be good ... I do not know . mr. davie no pressure , okay . that shit save my life , though . principal barne walk in . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) ( switch gear ) well , I be schedule to observe Ms. Carol 's art class . they be make macaroni art , so ... I be pretty stoke . Mr. Davies get up to leave -- discretely winking at kate as he exit . principal barne watch Mr. Davies leave , a puzzle expression on she face . principal barne ( to kate ) Mrs. Hannah -- I have get something for you ... principal barne open the mini fridge to reveal a huge jug of orange juice . principal barne ( cont 'd ) folic acid ! you need it now like never before . kate ( beat ) thanks . principal barne I bet you mother be over the moon , huh ? probably plan you a baby shower ...? kate oh , well ... she and I be not that close . principal barne oh , I be sorry . well , listen -- any motherly thing you need -- I be * here , okay ? barne hand kate a large glass of juice . 43. principal barne ( cont 'd ) now drink up -- that baby in there 's thirsty ! kate okay . ( take a sip of orange juice ) and ... you be kinda the only person at school -- besides Mr. Davies -- who know I be pregnant . could you ...? principal barne my lip be -- principal barne mime " zipping " she lip . 32 ext . / int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live room / kitchen - day 32 * kate walk in the front door to see -- * -- Charlie work on he computer . a Beer next to he . a old record plays on the record player . kate hey ... charlie howdy . kate collapse on the couch next to Charlie and kiss he . kate how be you day ? and what 's that smell ? charlie eh -- alright . could not find oatmeal so I make ketchup soup . kate ( cringe ) Charlie ! you need to eat . charlie what ? it 's tasty . ( beat ) so ... I be go to see that band * from Iceland with the triplet play * tonight . want to come with I and Owen to check it out ? 44 . kate oh , that sound fun , but ... charlie c'mon -- Owen can not pick up girl without you . kate I do not know ... this guy I work with -- Mr. Davies -- charlie the vice principal ? kate yeah -- turn out he 's sober and invite I to a meeting . charlie ( surprised ) wow , that 's ...uh , cool . Charlie go silent . kate what ? charlie nothing -- I just ... I do not think you really love the meeting you go to yesterday . in fact , it sound like you hate it . so I be kinda surprised you be go back . kate well ... this be a smaller meeting . it might be different . I dunno -- I think I want to give it a fair shot . Charlie nod . kate ( cont 'd ) besides -- I be hammer last night . ( beat ) go on and have fun out drink with Owen tonight . seriously . I be just gonna , you know , try something * different ... Charlie pull kate close to he . 45 . charlie I be here for you , okay ? even though I drink -- I could slow down if you need I to . ( force a smile ) I be sure I could . 33 ext . church - aa meeting room - night 33 kate approach a small church . Mr. Davies wait outside . 35 int . church - aa meeting room - night - a few moment later 35 Mr. Davies walk kate into a medium size room where -- -- about ten people be get coffee , talk , and set chair in a circle . kate look around the room , scoping out the people , who be very different from the crowd at the previous night 's meeting -- -- several blue collar men -- -- jenny : 40 - ish , with dark hair and a confident , sort of * tough demeanor -- -- a few older people , and a young couple . Mr. Davies direct kate over to a table with coffee and cookies . mr. davie this be a little more my speed . no one here be the slight bit hip . kate do everybody just ... kinda , you know -- talk here ? mr. davie pretty much . someone lead -- tell they story . and then everyone else share -- talk . kate so since you be take I here do that make you my sponsor ? 46 . mr. davie no -- I do not think I could do * that . ( off kate 's expression ) ` Cause , um ... ( nervously search ) ... well , it could get weird . but * I will help you find one if you want . ( gesture to the seat ) we should sit down . kate look around the room at everyone take they seat . kate ( take a deep breath ; to Mr. Davies ) I can not believe I be really here . mr. davie it get better . weirder , maybe -- but better . later the meeting have begin and everyone sit in a circle of chair . Jenny be midway through she speech . * jenny * ... all I know about take care of myself be fuck people over and lie to get by . I have no idea how to even look for a normal job or pay my bill on time -- or pay my fuck bill at all . ( beat ) now I pay my bill online . the group chuckle . jenny ( cont 'd ) * and I find a love in cooking . I have * get my own catering business now . * and ... maybe I just replace alcohol with chocolate chip and cigarettes , but still ... it 's be year since I wake up in a park -- in a different state . laughter . kate lean in towards Mr. Davies and whisper -- 47 . kate I kinda like she . mr. davie sponsor potential ? kate nod . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) get she number at break . kate I feel like you be my wingman . kate grin at Mr. Davies , who smile shyly and glance away . later a older man -- arlo -- stand and announce . arlo * arlo , alcoholic . there will now be a ten minute break . smoke they ' if you get they . as some of the people go outside -- -- kate walk over to Jenny , who 's get a cup of coffee . * kate hey , I like you speech . jenny * thanks . all that dumb shit happen so I be glad that now it 's at least entertaining . ( beat ) what 's you name ? kate kate . this be my first meeting . or ... first meeting where I be not waste . Jenny laugh . * jenny * oh , yeah -- I remember do some of that . kate I do not really know how this stuff work . ( more ) 48 . kate ( cont 'd ) but ... could I get you number ? I mean , I may not need it , but ... jenny * yeah , of course . I can help explain it to you -- and also , we can just talk . kate okay . yeah . ( beat ) you have be sober since you be 24 ? Jenny nod . * kate ( cont 'd ) that seem really young . jenny * I do not have much of a choice -- I crash my car into a nursing home . ( beat ) I think the break be just about over . this meeting be the kind where everyone can share . share always help I , so ... if it 's not too weird -- try introduce yourself and tell the group what 's go on . later everyone be sit down and share . the woman ( tina ) next * to kate be finish up . tina * ... anyway , that 's where I be at today . thanks for listen . everyone look at kate . kate okay , um ... hello . I be kate and ... ( long beat ) ... I be a alcoholic ? kate nervously laugh . group hi , kate . 49 . kate sorry . I do not mean to laugh -- it 's just say that word ... ( beat ) ... I think I be a alcoholic , but I do not really know . I drink -- a lot . I have always drank . everyone I know drink a lot . I never really think I have a problem -- lately though it seem like maybe I do . I just want to be able to drink a beer without it turn into twenty -- or wetting my bed . ( beat ) it seem like every time I drink something awful happen . all the shit that I use to laugh off be not really funny anymore . the dumb drunk stuff have go from embarrassing to scary . ( beat ) I be kinda ... scared . kate stop . look around self - consciously . CUT to black . fade in : a series of short , quick scene : 35 int . elementary school - classroom - day 35 kate sit at she desk grade papers . kate 's hand have a uncontrollable tremble as she try to carefully make red check on student ' papers . self - consciously , she steady * she right hand with she leave . fade to black . fade in : 36 int . subaru ( moving ) - day 36 kate shovel chocolate chip from the bag into she mouth while drive . fade to black . fade in : 50 . 37 int . church - aa meeting room - night 37 kate be at a meeting -- talk to Jenny . * fade to black . fade in : 38 ext . kate &amp ; charlie' house - backyard - night 38 while kate and Charlie eat dinner , kate drink water but focus on Charlie 's glass of wine and the slow , careful sip he take . fade to black . fade in : 39 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live room - night 39 Charlie and Owen play video game and laugh while kate try to concentrate on a book -- but be clearly distract by how loud the guy be . fade to black . fade in : 40 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - bedroom - night 40 Charlie sleep on the other side of the bed as kate write in a notebook . kate stop write . she stare at Charlie as he sleep . fade to black . fade in : 41 ext . downtown - day 41 kate ride she bicycle hard . it might even be ... exercise ? fade to black . mr. davie ( v.o. ) how about ninety day ? fade in : 51 . 42 int . church - aa meeting room - night 42 everyone be dress differently , some people have different hair-cuts , etc . Mr. Davies stand up , hold a plastic case . mr. davie be there anyone here who have ninety day of continuous sobriety ? kate stand up -- she look way more " together " than she do earlier . she give Mr. Davies a hug -- and he hand she a " 90 day chip . " kate I be kate . I be a alcoholic . everyone clap . everyone hi , kate . kate sit down next to Jenny and give she a hug . * jenny * ( whisper ) congratulation . 43 ext . jenny' catering business - night 43 * kate -- who eat a piece of cake -- sit on a patio with * Jenny , Mr. Davies , and several other people from aa . * jenny * I be really proud of you , kate . kate I kinda can not believe it 's be ninety day . ( beat ) the longest I have go since high school without drink be , like , a week . mr. davie my first three month be such hell . I think I be only sober today because I just never want to go through that again . 52 . kate it 's weird -- in after-school special the get - sober part be only like a minute of the movie and suddenly ... daddy 's all okay . several people laugh . kate ( cont 'd ) but it 's so fuck hard and weird and suddenly I have all this other problem now that drink be not the problem . jenny * like what ? * kate everything else . work , my non - existent relationship with my mom ... jenny * when be the last time you see she ? kate ( try to remember ) a year , at least . jenny * well ... maybe it 's time . kate maybe . ( beat ) and then there 's my marriage . I mean , Charlie 's great . really great , he 's supportive , especially at first . it 's strange , though . I feel like alcohol be the thing that connect we and now that I do not drink we lead this two very different life . ( beat ) we have not sleep together in forever ... ( laugh ) I have not piss myself in awhile , though . so that 's good . jenny * it take time . kate give a exasperate look . 53. jenny ( cont 'd ) * ( half -stern cheerleader tone ) keep work the step . ( glance at she watch ) let 's grab coffee tomorrow , okay ? I should actually run you home now and come back . I need to start lock up . kate I could stick around and help you ... mr. davie ( to kate ) I could take you home . ( off kate 's reaction ) if you want . 44 int . / ext . mr. davie ' car - night 44 * Mr. Davies pull up to kate 's house . mr. davie my ex- wife -- she do not drink -- well , not like we , but as soon as I get sober I start to change and she just ... do not . kate I do not know you be marry . beat . mr. davie yeah , I be marry once -- ( laugh ) -- in my other life . but I should not be talk to you about this stuff . kate why ? mr. davie I do not know ... kate because you be a dude we can not talk ? I do not get that " man stick with man , woman stick with woman " stuff . 54 . mr. davie well , if you be sit where I be sit you would understand . kate be you try to tell I that you have a crush on I ? mr. davie what be I , one of you student ? * crush ? kate yeah , crush . mr. davie ( long beat ) I kind of do , yes . I have a crush on you . I know that 's wrong -- you be newly sober and marry and I should not be think about you like that . but yeah , I should put that out on the table . ( beat ) honesty . kate it 's okay . I think you be a really good guy . mr. davie oh , great -- good guy be the nerd that carry the pretty girl ' book . kate oh , c'mon ... mr. davie I think you be beautiful . kate smile bashfully . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) and smart , and sexy , and cool ... Mr. Davies move slightly closer to kate . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) and I know it 's wrong , but -- in meeting I stare at you lip and you leg and all I can think about be fuck you moist pussy . 55 . kate jump back , aghast . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) ( off kate 's horrify expression ) oh , crap ! I do not know why I just say that . I be really , really sorry . kate what the fuck ? mr. davie ( genuinely sorry ) oh , that be a bad thing to say , right ? kate yes . mr. davie I be so , so sorry . I be just confuse , and I do not know how to talk to woman -- kate Jesus -- you can not just go around tell people you want to fuck they " moist pussy . " ( beat ) who even say that ? mr. davie I be really sorry . kate get out of the car , slam the door shut , then lean in to say -- kate I have to go inside my house -- where I live with my husband . ( beat ) thanks for you creepy version of honesty . 45 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - bedroom - night 45 kate lie in bed and appear slightly bored as -- -- Charlie be under the cover , go down on kate . kate you okay ? 56 . charlie ( from under the cover ) yep -- I be just pace myself . the tortoise win the race . kate actually , I be not really in the mood . charlie * but I want to give you a 90 day gift . kate it 's okay -- the 90 day be the gift . charlie sorry if I be do a bad job -- I be kinda hammer . kate it 's alright . Charlie ... ( long beat ) ... I miss you . charlie huh ? * Charlie come up from under the cover -- and look a bit * tipsy . * kate I mean ... I do not know . I do not really feel connect to you anymore . charlie do I do something ? kate no . ( beat ) we do not talk that much . charlie we use to talk , but now you come home and go to meeting and by the time you get back I be -- kate kinda drunk . 57 . charlie I be gonna say " tired . " silence . kate there 's some stuff I need to do this weekend . I think I be gonna go up to Lake arrowhead . charlie really ? to see you mom ? kate nod . charlie ( cont 'd ) why ? kate ( defensive ) do I need a reason ? charlie with you mom ? kinda . ( beat ) be this the " amend " step ? kate no . charlie well then why be you go ? kate ( beat ) we send she check . but we never actually see she . sometimes it feel like I be pay she to not be in my life . I think it would be nice to visit she . ( beat ) and Jenny think it would be a good * idea . Charlie laugh . kate ( cont 'd ) what ? charlie I do not know ... I mean , do you do everything you sponsor tell you to do ? 58 . kate no . do you think I be brainwash or something ? charlie I dunno ... it 's be a long damn time since you have see you mom . ( beat ) and you do not listen when I suggest we visit she . kate ( suddenly get that it 's a ego thing for Charlie ) oh , baby -- I listen to you . this just ... it feel like the right time . ( beat ) with all the change I be go through . charlie well , can I come with you ? it will be like a little vacation . kate um ... I think I should go alone . charlie come on , if you do that you will just get depressed . if I go we can try to make it fun . go hike and stuff . kate well , if you go , do not take this the wrong way but -- I would like it if maybe you do not drink . ( beat ) just while we be there . charlie ( smile ) I think I can handle not drink for like a day . kate smile and snuggle up into Charlie 's arm . 46 int . subaru ( moving ) - day 46 kate and Charlie drive and listen to music . 47 omitted 47 * 59 . 47a omitted 47a * 48 int . / ext . subaru - lake arrowhead - residential STREET - day 48 kate and Charlie be park in front of a -- -- house . small . a little run-down . sort of a vague ski cabin look . there 's some dirty lawn furniture in the front yard as well as a dozen lawn-gnomes . charlie ah ... the lawn -gnome . I miss that guy . kate playfully punch Charlie in the shoulder . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( wave to a lawn - gnome ) hi , holger ! kate laugh . Long beat . charlie ( cont 'd ) so ...we gonna go in ? Charlie glance at kate and read the anxiety on she face . 49 ext . kate mother' home - day 49 kate and Charlie walk to the front door . kate ( unsettle ) I should have bring something . charlie you be fine . kate something , you know ? Flowers , or ... charlie wine ? kate no. definitely not that . they get to the door . Charlie look at kate -- who seem like she would be okay if they run back to the car . 60 . kate ( cont 'd ) ( concede ) go on ... Charlie knock . female voice ( o.s. ) s'minute ! kate ( under she breath ) oh , God ... the door open , revealing -- -- rochelle : late - 50' , wear a old shred heavy metal band T-shirt and tight rip - up jeans , look like she enjoy a afternoon drink or three . rochelle ( surprised ) Katie ! rochelle wrap she arm around kate . rochelle ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? kate I leave you a message , mom . rochelle oh , you know I do not check that thing . ( notice Charlie ; slightly flirty ) hello there , young man . charlie hi , Ms. Foster . rochelle well , then ... ( beat ) ... what a lovely surprise -- you two come to visit . Hell have freeze over . ( laugh ) just kid . come inside -- let I fix you both some drink . kate just water for I . 61 . rochelle laugh as she lead the way . kate glance at Charlie -- she already seem slightly annoyed . 50 int . kate mother' home - live room - day 50 kate and Charlie sit down . the place be a mess . magazine and junkmail everywhere . too much furniture throw together in a chaotic manner . the wall be cover with frame heavy metal band poster -- and there be ashtray everywhere , fill to the brim with cigarette butt . rochelle ( o.s. ) ... you would not believe how much the neighborhood 's change ! after Mr. Baker pass away and the kid put Mrs. Baker in a home , the people that move in , oof ! rochelle walk in hold a tray with three gin and tonic . rochelle ( cont 'd ) it 's like they do not even understand the concept of birth control in they country ! rochelle hand Charlie a glass and then go to kate and put a drink on the table in front of she . rochelle ( cont 'd ) ( confide ) if you ask I , I think it 's a meth house . ( beat ) they have always get that little five year old twin " play " in the yard , but I be pretty sure they be the lookout . kate that 's pretty wild , mom . rochelle right ? ( notice that kate have not touch she drink ) what 's wrong , honey ? think I forget how to mix `em ? kate I tell you I just want water . 62 . rochelle oh , please ! where I be from , " no " mean " yes . " ( to Charlie ) be I right or be I right ? charlie ( force it ) huh-huh ... kate that 's actually why I want to come up , mom . ( beat ) I stop drink . rochelle laugh -- then realize kate and Charlie be not joke . rochelle ( quickly serious ) be you tell I I be go to be a grandma ? rochelle tear up with joy . rochelle ( cont 'd ) oh -- that 's so exciting ! I be gonna be a grandma ! ( to Charlie ) and you know that " no drink when you be pregnant " thing be just a myth . I drank plenty when I be pregnant with kate -- and look how she turn out ! beat . kate I be not pregnant , mom . rochelle oh. kate I just need a break . I be sober for the first time in year . rochelle well ... ( dismissive ) ... we will see how long that last . 63. kate it 's be a while , actually . charlie ( chime in ) 90 day . rochelle ( to kate ) you have sure pick the right partner -- ( gesture to Charlie ) -- for this little mission . charlie ( defensive ) hey -- I be not drink either ... today . kate ( to Charlie ; slightly annoyed ) drink if you want to , Charlie . ( to rochelle ) Charlie do not stop drink . I be do it by myself . ( beat ) and ... I start go to 12 - step meeting . rochelle look slightly disgust . rochelle ah ...yes . asshole anonymous . ( to Charlie ) Katie 's father go to that meeting a few year after we get marry . dried up . Left I . you can see how well that work out for I ... ( rochelle gesture to she live room ) ... I raise he daughter in this palace while he 's somewhere in Florida with he shiny new wife and kid . ( beat ) bastard . ( long beat ; to Charlie ) you better be careful -- they change . kate and Charlie exchange a glance . 64 . kate I think you would be happy for I , mom . rochelle oh ... I be sorry -- I be not be a good hostess , be I ? rochelle get up , take the drink away from kate , and chug it . rochelle ( cont 'd ) I will microwave you you favorite . a few moment later Charlie , kate , and rochelle watch a reality tv show -- while eat ... ... mcdonald cheeseburgers . * rochelle rest she head on kate 's shoulder . rochelle ( cont 'd ) I be sorry if I act like a bitch . kate it 's okay , mom . I know you can not help it . 51 ext . lake arrowhead - santa's village - day 51 kate and Charlie wander around Santa 's Village -- -- a abandon Christmas - theme amusement park ( with giant ginger bread house , plastic Christmas tree , etc. ) in the middle of the wood . creepy and nostalgic at the same time . look like the set of a Christmas horror film . kate hold Charlie 's hand as she lead he around . kate this place shut down a decade ago and then there be a fire and now it 's basically abandon . Charlie seem totally impressed by the weirdness of the place . kate ( cont 'd ) we come here every year the week before Christmas . ( more ) 65 . kate ( cont 'd ) and then I work here in high school -- sell hot chocolate . and they have real reindeer , too . they keep `em over there . kate point at the remain of a pen . kate ( cont 'd ) my mom work here when she be young . I think everyone who grow * up around here work at Santa 's Village at some point . Charlie just nod and listen -- he 's in awe of this place . kate ( cont 'd ) this be what I think of when I think of Christmas . ( long beat ) thanks for come up here with I . charlie of course . kate I be sorry my mom 's so awful . charlie ( shrug ) she just can not handle she liquor . kate and Charlie look in each other 's eye . seem to have a moment . and then Charlie ask -- charlie ( cont 'd ) do you ever hook up with guy when you work here ? kate huh ? charlie you know -- sneak off with a co - worker and do it against a pine tree or something ? kate um...no . 66 . charlie I mean , if I be a teenage boy work with a stone cold fox like you I would totally want to hook up with you here . like ... in the ginger bread house . Charlie put he arm around kate . charlie ( cont 'd ) you be probably the coolest girl in town -- and the prettiest . I be sure everyone be in love with you . kate giggle . they kiss . it 's sweet . 52 omitted 52 * 53 int . elementary school - classroom - day 53 kate walk in to she class to find -- teachers surprise ! -- a group of teachers -- include principal barne and Mr. Davies -- stand in the room , which have be deck out for a -- -- baby shower . principal barne I could not keep quiet . sorry . I just have to tell everyone so we could celebrate . kate ( shock ) oh ... you should not have . principal barne you do not have to thank I -- just open you present ! kate look at she desk which be stack with present wrap in pink and baby blue wrapping paper . there 's also a cake . kate wow ... principal barne go ahead . 67 . other teachers ` c'mon , kate ! you be gonna love what I get you ! be it a boy or a girl ? later kate open a present -- a mobile . kate ( seem nauseous ) oh , it 's so ... nice . principal barne ( enthusiastic ) it 's to hang over the crib ! kate uh-huh ... montage : kate open present while the teacher clap . eventually , kate begin to cry -- which everyone assume be tear of joy . principal barne take a bite of cake . principal barne mmmm ... it 's so moist . kate glance at Mr. Davies , who cringe . 54 ext . elementary school - parking lot - day 54 kate walk to she car . mr. davie ( o.s. ) kate ! kate look back to see Mr. Davies run over -- but she do not reply or slow down . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) kate ? kate ( stop ) what ? mr. davie listen -- I be so , so sorry . you have no idea how much this have be eat I up . 68 . Long beat . kate what you say to I be really fuck up . mr. davie I know . kate what be you even think ? mr. davie I be not -- I be just ... I try to be really honest . kate I get that . but you can not force you " honesty " on everyone you know . Mr. Davies nod . he look really embarrassed . kate ( cont 'd ) ( change tone ) I be flatter that you have ... feeling for I . I be . but I be marry . mr. davie I know . I be sorry . I will apologize to you husband if you want . kate no -- you do not have to do that . I do not even tell he . but ... you can not say that to a girl -- like , ever . mr. davie okay . kate seriously . consider that a rule of thumb . ( beat ) someday , you be gonna meet a nice , available lady -- but if you say " moist pussy " to she , you will never , ever , ever get to see that part of she body ! 69 . mr. davie ( even more embarrassed ) okay . ( beat ) thank you . ( nod ) I feel like this be a really good talk . kate force a smile . 55 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - kitchen - night 55 kate stare at a -- -- half -eaten birthday cake ( " owen " be still sort of legible ) on the kitchen table . it 's totally mutilate . she walk out the back door into the * backyard * where she find * Charlie , Owen , and one of Owen 's friend -- * -- greg , 21 -- * -- listen to loud music while they play foosball . * they be all shit - house . * greg * ... get marry would fuck * suck . I can not even imagine waking * up to the same person for the rest * of my life . * kate walk out . * greg ( cont 'd ) owen what 's up , kate ? hey , kate . kate * I see you guy find the birthday * cake Jenny and I baked . * owen * yeah , thanks ! you should get a * slice . * 70 . kate * ( to Charlie ) * I , uh ... kinda think we would all eat * it together . * charlie * baby -- I do not even think about * that . I be sorry . * owen * it be really good . * greg * we have plenty of tequila to make * up for the cake . * owen * kate 's in aa -- so she can not drink . * she have not drank in forever -- like * thirty - eight day or some shit . * kate * ninety - five day , actually . * greg * that suck ! do you still smoke * weed ? * kate * no , I be not a big weed smoker * anyway . * owen * you smoke crack though , do not * you ? * kate 's face go blank . she stare at Charlie . * greg * shit -- I hear crack get you so * high ! * charlie * no -- my wife do not smoke crack . * Jesus ... * owen * what ? I be joke around . I know * kate 's not a crackhead or some * shit . * ( to kate ) * it be just that one time , right ? * 71 . kate * ( angry ; to Charlie ) * thanks , Charlie . * kate storm out of the room . * charlie * ( to Owen ) * it 's you birthday , man , so I be not * gonna make a big deal out of this -- * but you need to shut the fuck up * sometimes . * 56 omitted 56 * 57 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - bedroom / bathroom - night - 57 * moment later Charlie walk in to see kate get ready to go to bed . * charlie listen -- I be sorry . he 's drunk ... really drunk . kate I be not mad at he -- I be mad at you ! you say you would not tell anyone about what I do . charlie I be ... sorry . i...was drunk too when I tell he . kate great . ( beat ) why do not you guy just go to the bar now ? charlie you wanna come ? kate I be hang here . charlie I be sure they have near-beer , baby . it will be fun . kate I be stay in . 72 . charlie that sound like a lot of fun . kate bye . beat . charlie I love you . kate do not say a word . charlie ( cont 'd ) I love you ...? kate yeah ... ( long beat ) ... I love you too . 58 int . elementary school - classroom - morning 58 kate stand at the blackboard -- teach addition and subtraction to the class . a little girl -- isabel -- raise she hand . * kate yes ? isabel * Mrs. Hannah -- should not you be more fatter ? kate what ? isabel * ` Cause of the baby . my mom get real fat . kate ( take off - guard ) well ... " should not you be fatter ? " be the correct way to ask that question . kate go back to the board -- clearly want to move on . 73. kate ( cont 'd ) now , one day when you be very old and wise fourth grader , you ' will learn about multiplication and -- isabel * Mrs. Hannah -- should not you be more fat ? all the student look at kate . she 's on the spot . fluster . kate well , I ... kate search for something to say . anything . but then she blurt -- kate ( cont 'd ) ... I be not go to have a baby . CLASS oooh ! kate immediately look like she wish she could take it back . kate see -- I be pregnant but , it be not my time , I suppose ... another little girl -- winnie -- jump in . * winnie * Mrs. Hannah -- do you kill the baby ? kate what ? no -- of course not ! winnie * ` Cause my mom say that when you kill a baby you go to hell and you can not even go to church to ask god for forgiveness . the student begin to whisper to each other . another boy -- toby -- ask -- toby Mrs. Hannah -- be you go to hell ? 74 . kate no ! I do not kill my baby ! okay , listen kid -- we should not be talk about this . but ... ( beat ) ... sometimes woman get pregnant and then early on -- before it 's even a baby -- they stop be pregnant . winnie * because a doctor murder it ! kate no -- not because a doctor murder it . ( beat ) it 's call a miscarriage . that mean it be not my plan -- it 's just what happen . ( compose herself ) do anyone want to ask I any question ? the class nod but seem silently freak out . kate ( cont 'd ) let 's get back to subtraction -- or addition . or both . 59 int . elementary school - teachers ' lounge - day 59 kate sit with Mr. Davies eat lunch . mr. davie well , that be bound to happen at some point . kid notice thing like that . kate nod . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) but I have no idea how pro-life little winnie reddy be . * ( beat ) remind I to wear my " May the fetus you save be gay " T-shirt to the next banana split night . kate half - laugh . 75 . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) and just think : the kid get a lesson about life and death that nobody plan on . I mean , you be year ahead of the standard curriculum for , uh , third grader . kate do it matter that I lie ? that I be never pregnant ? mr. davie you want I to answer that as a friend or as someone who take the twelve step very seriously ? kate shrug . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) well , the good thing be that it 's all over now . principal barne will think you be a martyr for lose a baby . ( beat ) the kid will not ask about it anymore and as long as you do not toss you cookie again you will not have to deal with it . kate ( long beat ) and the bad news ? mr. davie you lie . to you boss -- and a bunch of small child . who trust you . and rely on you to help they differentiate right from wrong . kate ( slowly nod ) that 's all , huh ? 60 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live room / dine 60 * room / kitchen / bedroom - night * kate and Charlie eat take - out food in silence . kate text on she cell phone -- not even pay attention to Charlie . charlie well ... ( beat ) ( more ) 76 . charlie ( cont 'd ) ... I gotta say -- this be the boringest meal I have have in about as long as I can remember . kate do not look up . charlie ( cont 'd ) who be you texting ? kate ( still look down ) Jenny . * charlie she 's like a parole officer . kate she 's my sponsor . charlie I be glad to know every little fuck - up I have be gonna become a topic of conversation with some chick I do not even know . kate finish she text . put down she phone . kate ( fake enthusiasm ) so ... what would you do today , honey ? charlie I finish some write and meet up with Owen to watch the game and toss a few back . dear . ( beat ) you do anything special ? kate I lie to my class again . I tell they that I have a miscarriage . Charlie laugh . kate ( cont 'd ) that 's not funny . charlie yeah , it be . telling kid fuck - up stuff be totally funny ... in , you know -- a kinda fuck - up way . 77 . kate great , well -- I be glad I be not actually have a baby . charlie God , kate -- come on . what else be you suppose to do ? kate well , I feel like a piece of shit for lie . charlie it 's not that big a deal . Jesus . be this what that meeting teach you ? to make drama out of nothing ? kate it 's not nothing . I lie to little kid and to my boss because I can not take responsibility for my action . charlie why do not you go and tell the principal that you be never pregnant ? that the reason you puke be because you smoke crack all night ? would you feel better about yourself then ? beat . kate I have be think about do that , actually . ( think about it ) yeah . I think I would feel better about myself . charlie Fine . do it , then . I guess you do not need a job . kate I could be like you -- I could stay home drink all day and never do anything responsible . charlie ( hurt ) I never do anything responsible ? what about buy this house that we live in ? or the food that we be eat ? 78 . kate have rich parent do not make you responsible . I think it 's pretty much do the opposite . Charlie look stunne . * charlie oh , I be sorry that I have a family that support we -- and not the other way around . kate what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? charlie nothing , kate . but you can not be mad at I because my family have help we out . you should be grateful we do not have to struggle . kate I would not care if we struggle with money . I have struggle with money my whole life . ( beat ) I would rather worry about where my next meal be come from than if I - - in some drunken stupor -- marry a man who just want to party and meet band . charlie what the fuck be you talk about ? kate I be talk about you be a baby . a selfish baby . charlie you know what ? kate what ? charlie I fuck hate aa ! it turn you into a bitch . a brain - wash bitch . kate at least I be not drunk all the time . 79 . charlie yeah , you do not drink booze for three month and suddenly you be some saint ? you have it all together and I be just a baby ? kate do not answer . charlie ( cont 'd ) I be try , kate . I be try to understand you . but it 's hard . you be different and maybe it 's good that you be different . maybe I be bad and bad for you or something -- because I do not think the person you be before be so awful . I love that person . yeah , she drank a lot and she do some silly thing ... but she be my kate . kate you love that person ? do you not love I now ? charlie yeah , of course . but it 's different . you be different . kate before I be a mess . ( beat ) I be finally get my life together -- and you love I more before ? Charlie look at the floor . charlie ( soft ) kinda , yeah . Charlie look like he immediately regret what he say . 61 int . / ext . jenny' catering business - night 61 * kate follow Jenny from she patio to she kitchen as she * clean up . * kate I feel so fuck weird right now -- Charlie do not love I like he use to and I have lie to my student multiple time . ( more ) 80 . kate ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I just do not feel ... normal right now . jenny * well , you be not normal . ( beat ) none of we be . kate everything in life be not connect to be a alcoholic . jenny * I be not just talk about alcoholics . ( beat ) people be fuck weird . we all have a lot of shit we carry around in we head that do not make sense . ( beat ) at least alcoholics have tool to work through it . * kate " step " ... jenny * yeah , step -- and talk and listen and cry ... kate I have the cry part cover . jenny * I know , right ? I think my first year I cry tear I would be save since I be eight . ( beat ) it 's hard to live you life ... honestly . you know ? kate nod . jenny ( cont 'd ) * any idea what you be gonna do about you school situation ? what you be gonna say ? kate shake she head . 81 . kate I do not know what I be gonna do about anything . jenny * listen ... you wanna stay in my guest * room tonight ? you can watch movie , get some good sleep ...? kate you sure that 's okay ? jenny * yeah , of course . that 's why I spend money on a guest bed -- so people could sleep in it . ( beat ) I know it might feel like it , but really , you do not have to figure everything out tonight . ( smile ) you have get time . 62 int . elementary school - classroom - day 62 kate go into she classroom and find a note on the desk . 63 int . elementary school - principal be office - day 63 principal barne hug kate . principal barne I be so sorry , kate . ( beat ) I have not tell many people this , but when I be young -- young than you ... I lose a child too . kate 's stunne . look like she feel terrible . kate I be ... I be really sorry . principal barne it 's okay . it be a long , long time ago . still hurt sometimes . but eventually ... you move on . you have to . ( beat ) have a seat . kate sit down . 82. principal barne ( cont 'd ) I get a phone call from a very upset parent . that 's how I find out about ... you know . frankly , I be not sure why you do not feel like you could tell I . kate I freak out -- a student ask why I be not fat and I just froze up and then another student be say I kill my baby and I do not know what to do . principal barne I be not angry with you -- but I need to be clear that this do not happen again . kate it will not . I promise that . principal barne by " not happen again , " I mean that you do not discuss any controversial topic -- thing the school board deem " family matter " with you class . ( beat ) no sex . no god . no drug and alcohol . kate okay , I ... kate straighten up in she seat , take a deep breath . she seem ... exhaust . kate ( cont 'd ) ... I can not keep do this . I feel awful . principal barne ( confuse ) I know this all must be hard for you -- kate no . you do not understand . ( beat ) I have to be honest with you . principal barne what do you mean ? 83. kate principal barne ... I be not ever pregnant . principal barne look shocked . kate ( cont 'd ) I lie -- to the class and to you -- because I be scared . principal barne but ... you vomit in class . kate I know . and when that happen I do not know what to do because the truth be -- principal barne oh , my god -- be you really ill ? be it cancer ? kate no , well , yes . I have a disease , but , um ... ( beat ) ... it 's alcoholism . principal barne go from concerned -- to angry . principal barne what ? kate I have be work on it . I be one - hundred day sober . when that happen I would be out drink and be hang over and -- principal barne you vomit in front of child because you be hang over ? kate yes . principal barne and lie , say that you be pregnant ? kate well , a student ask if I be pregnant -- and " yes " just kind of fall out of my mouth . 84 . principal barne look disgust . principal barne that 's sick , kate . kate I know . principal barne no , I do not think you understand how wrong that be . to lie to I -- to the child . you know I feel so terrible for you when I find out that you have a mis -- ? ( beat ) -- how can you play with people 's emotion like that ? kate I be sick . principal barne Jesus ... you tell we you have a miscarriage . kate I be sorry . principal barne I throw you a baby shower . kate I be really sorry . I be . I have be want to tell you the truth because honesty have become really important to I . I be in aa now and do the step and work with a sponsor and everything . ( beat ) it 's really hard . I mean , I think my husband might hate I , and -- principal barne I be sorry , but what you do be totally irresponsible . kate I know . principal barne ( beat ) I can not have you here anymore . 85 . kate ( surprised ) be I be fire ? principal barne no , no -- the state would not allow that without a report . I be not go to write a report . because , frankly , I have no idea what that report would say . ( beat ) but I be force you to take a leave of absence and I think it 's in you best interest if you find a job elsewhere . kate listen -- I be really sorry , but I be do the right thing now . principal barne I believe you -- or I want to . I really do . but honey -- I believe you before . ( beat ) I will have a sub take over you class start tomorrow . it 's late enough in the year that we can just say you be have personal problem -- principal barne look at kate . principal barne ( cont 'd ) -- which seem to be the truth . kate principal barne -- principal barne not another word . I be upset right now -- very upset -- and I think I be do you a favor by not report you . kate struggle to say something , to try to explain herself but no word come out until she muster -- kate thank you . kate stand , defeat , and leave the principal 's office . 86 . 64 int . elementary school - stair / hallway - day 64 * kate glumly march down the stair -- hold a BOX fill * with some of she thing ( include the baby shower gift ) . Mr. Davies stop she . mr. davie kate -- what 's go on ? kate I tell principal barne about everything . mr. davie ( terrify ) what ? everything ? do you tell she about ...? Mr. Davies gesture to kate 's crotch . kate ( confuse ) huh ? ( get it ) oh , God -- no . I tell she that I be a alcoholic . and that I lie . and she fire I . mr. davie ( relieved ) oh ... ( but concerned , too ) ...my god , kate -- I be sorry . kate I have be go to aa and try to be sober and this be what it get I . ( beat ) fire , for tell the truth . Mr. Davies awkwardly put he arm around kate 's shoulder . mr. davie I be sorry . I wish there be something I could do . kate I be a fuck - up . I will always be a fuck up . I be just like my mom . 87 . mr. davie ( confuse ) no , no -- you be a wonderful , smart woman kate . you can not let this get you down . kate I gotta go . Mr. Davies take kate 's box of thing from she . mr. davie let I walk you to you car . kate throw she arm around Mr. Davies and begin to -- -- full - on sob . Mr. Davies seem flustered and a little scared but try to comfort kate . 65 int . subaru ( moving ) - day 65 kate cry as she drive . she glance in the backseat at -- -- all the baby shower gift -- -- and sob even harder . 66 int . dive bar - day 66 kate walk into a near-empty , depress dive . she nervously sit at the bar . the bartender -- a gruff look guy with the sleeve roll * up -- approach . bartender what do you need ? kate whiskey . double . the bartender give kate she drink . kate immediately downs it . kate ( cont 'd ) can I have another one ? 88. bartender sure -- you gotta pay for the first one , though . eight buck . kate put a twenty dollar bill down . the bartender pour she another shot . later kate have clearly be drink for awhile -- she 's curl up at the bar , nursing she Beer . bartender ( cont 'd ) look , miss -- I do not wanna be a downer or anything `cause I take it you have have a bad day , but um ... I think you need to go home . kate why ? bartender Cause you be pretty drunk -- and it 's four p.m . kate what about he ? kate point to a old crusty man at the other end of the bar . kate ( cont 'd ) you be not kick he out . bartender I be just try to be a pal . kate stop it -- you be not my pal . I just get fire , and I just quit aa . ( beat ) it do not work . bartender oh , boy ... kate you know what ? I be fine -- have a husband that love I and maybe I sometimes do embarrassing stuff , but it be a phase . ( more ) 89 . kate ( cont 'd ) I go to aa and sober my husband and I start fight and stop fuck -- and sober I get fire ! be not that what 's suppose to not happen ? bartender wow , okay , well ... I be real sorry . but this place get a little nut after sundown and I do not think a pretty girl who just leave aa should be here . ( beat ) I be gonna call you a cab . kate no ! I do not want a cab . I want -- ( glance around ) -- drug . can you hook I up ? the bartender roll he eye . kate ( cont 'd ) c'mon ... let 's go out back and smoke some crack . bartender Lady , you be do . kate you think I be above smoking crack ? ` Cause I be not . and be you really gonna tell I you be not a little attract to I ...? kate lean across the bar , try to look " seductive " -- but she just look like she might fall off she bar stool . bartender no . kate just a teensy bit ...? bartender not in the slight . kate well ... you might want to consider invest in glass , buddy . ` Cause I be a... a stone cold fox . and I be smart . and I be ... kate begin to cry . 90 . kate ( cont 'd ) ...a good person . bartender I think it 's time for you to go home . now be you gonna let I call a cab ? kate ( suddenly angry ) no ! I be not . I have get friend . they will pick I up . bartender you do that . kate I will call Mr. Davies . he have dream about I . the bartender take a long look at kate -- as though he 's try to size up if she 's insane . bartender hope that work out for you . kate can not believe my luck . I just want to get drunk and a bartender will not let I . ( beat ) life be stupid . kate stand up -- almost fall over -- and glare at the bartender . kate ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? life be fucking stupid ! kate go over to the old man at the end of bar , wink at he , then pick up he drink and chug it . 67 int . mr. davie ' car ( moving ) - day 67 * kate be slump in the back seat . in the front seat be Mr. Davies and Jenny . * kate davey -wavey ... I call you . why would you bring she ? 91 . jenny * we be worried about you , kate . kate ( accuse ) parole officer . mr. davie she 's you sponsor . jenny * it 's gonna be okay . you stumble . you will get back up . silence . kate how `bout we drive to Mexico and party we ass off ? my treat . Jenny and Dave glance back at kate -- * -- whose face reveal what a bad state she 's in . kate ( cont 'd ) ( hold back tear ) sound fuck stupendous , right ? 68 ext . kate &amp ; charlie' house - day 68 kate get out of the car . * Mr. Davies and Jenny watch with concerned expression as -- * -- kate stumble to she front door . jenny * kate ! be you sure you be -- kate ( over she shoulder ) fuck off . 69 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live 69 room / kitchen / hallway / bedroom - day * Charlie play a video game -- with the tv hook up through he stereo speaker . kate open the door and walk in , wobbly . 92 . charlie ( not look up ) Babe -- you gotta hear this with the speaker hook up . it 's insane . kate say nothing . just stare at Charlie . Charlie look up -- and be surprised to see kate clearly drunk . charlie ( cont 'd ) whoa ... what happen to you ? Charlie stop play the game . kate I be drunk . I be fire from my job . charlie oh , no ... kate we get any drink ? charlie uh ...we have soda . I can make coffee . kate do not be cute with I . you know what I mean . charlie so ... I guess you be not do the aa thing anymore ? kate what give that away ? kate turn and go to the kitchen -- -- reappearing a moment later with a bottle of tequila , salt and lime . kate ( cont 'd ) come on , baby -- let 's do some shot . charlie what 's go on ? 93. kate I be celebrate . what the fuck do it look like ? kate take a shot . kate ( cont 'd ) be you gonna be a little girl or be you gonna drink with I ? charlie I do not know what the right thing to do here be . kate okay , so let I see if this make sense : you say you miss the old kate -- the kate who drink and black out and have fun . ( beat ) well ... here she be . kate smile -- but she look more desperate and drunk than fun . charlie baby , I do not mean that . I be just be a jerk . kate fuck yeah you be . and what ? now you will not drink with I ? charlie I do not know . have a beer or something be one thing , but ... I think you really may have a problem . kate laugh . kate well thanks for all the support when I be try to be sober ! kate take another shot . charlie I be sorry . I do not realize -- kate of course you do not realize ! you do not fuck care about I . 94 . charlie what be you talk about ?! of course I care about you . I love you . kate take a shot and approach Charlie . kate I love you too . Love be the easy part . it 's the rest of the shit that 's hard . kate kiss Charlie . kate ( cont 'd ) take off you pants . Charlie gently push kate away . charlie look -- I think you should get to sleep . you be really waste . kate I do not wanna sleep . I wanna fuck . kate pull Charlie -- who struggle -- down to the couch ... and straddle he . charlie please , will you stop ? kate no ! I want you to fuck I ! Charlie calmly try to move kate off of he . charlie really . this be weird . kate be a man and fuck you wife ! Charlie -- who 's creepe out now -- forcefully push kate off . charlie no ! Jesus -- what the fuck be wrong with you ? kate have become quite angry and belligerent by this point -- and begin pick up household object and throw they at Charlie . 95 . kate with I ? with I ?! what the fuck be wrong with I ? I try hard and I get shit on ! fucked up family , fire from my job -- this marriage . nothing 's wrong with I ! what 's wrong with you ?! charlie kate , you need to -- kate what ? what ? what do I need ? I can not drink because I be crazy or something and I can not stay sober because of you ! charlie you be blame other people for you problem . kate pick the tequila bottle back up , take a sip , then -- -- run at Charlie and tackle he to the ground . charlie ( cont 'd ) stop it ! you be act like a freak ! kate rip Charlie 's shirt -- -- and hold the bottle over he head while straddle he , as if she 's about to hit he with it . charlie ( cont 'd ) no ! what 's wrong with you ? kate hold the bottle in the air and look hard at Charlie . she begin to weep . kate I can not be sober and be with you . kate get a flash of anger again and just as it seem like she 's about to hit Charlie with the bottle , she -- -- upturn the bottle and begin to chug the tequila . Charlie try to yank the bottle away , but kate hold on tight . with the bottle at kate 's lip -- and tequila pour down she chin -- the couple wrestle for control of the bottle . 96 . CUT to black . fade in : 70 int . jenny' catering business - kitchen - day 70 * kate wear a uniform and carefully work on a cake . * on the other side of the kitchen , Jenny make appetizer . * jenny * how 's it come ? kate you tell I . Jenny walk over and try the icing . * jenny * ( nod with approval ) * delicious . * kate ( proud ) thanks . 71 int . church - aa meeting room - night 71 a middle - age man stand at a podium in front of a medium size group of people -- about twenty - five or so , include kate , Jenny , and Mr. Davies -- and say -- * chuck * at this meeting we give cake to celebrate sober birthdays . we have one birthday tonight -- for kate , for one year . ( beat ) Jenny and Dave be give she the * cake . kate hug everyone -- then blow out one candle on a cake before stand at the podium . kate hey , I be kate , alcoholic . group hi , kate . 97 . kate I have hear that you best day drink be worse than you worst day sober . ( beat ) well ... that be so not true ! I have amazing time drink , dance , and laugh ... feel like the most adorable , charming girl in the world . and I be adorable . ( beat ) I would piss my pants , but I be still cute . people in the crowd laugh a little bit . kate ( cont 'd ) when I first try get sober , I figure that as long as I do not drink ... everything else would just magically work out . but it do not . ( beat ) my marriage fall apart . I get fire from my job . and that shit happen sober ! I never read that in any pamphlet ... ( shake she head ) ... that be not what I sign up for . ( beat ) um ...so , I relapse . another shitty slogan I have hear in the room be that when you be sober for a bit and drink again " the disease wait for you , pick up where it leave off . " ( beat ) I be sorry you guy , but I hate that slogan . they all sound like bumper sticker . but , I have to admit ... for I , that last one be pretty damn true . ( beat ) when I drink ... I become another person . and that person be a pretty big asshole . well , unless you want to give I drug or buy I drink -- then that person be awesome . people knowingly laugh . kate ( cont 'd ) I be not happy be the " good - time girl , " though . and honestly , I be not very good at it . ( more ) 98 . kate ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) my life be really different than it be a year ago . I live alone . I be bored a lot more . I have a job that pay a lot less . ( beat ) I be thankful for the program -- for my friend in here who take the time to help I and give a shit about I . kate glance at Jenny and Mr. Davies . * kate ( cont 'd ) there be people that use to be a part of my life that I miss -- a lot -- but ... ( long beat ) ... I be really grateful for this boring new life of mine . kate smile and step down from the podium as people clap . 72 int . bar - night 72 * Charlie , Owen , and a woman -- millie -- stand at the bar , drink Beer and whiskey shot . Owen speak -- but millie seem way more into Charlie . owen I be in North Carolina for a while * -- Durham -- play minor league ball . I have some real heat . that 's when I meet crash , here . ( gesture to Charlie ) he would be send down to single - a to teach I how to carry myself as a pro ball - player . we get involved with the same woman -- a older chick -- but crash win she in the end . ( beat ) he 's really teach I some ... important life-lesson . millie nod . millie wow ... that 's a pretty crazy way to meet . owen yeah . it be . 99 . millie you guy be sorta like that movie ... what 's it call ? owen ( play dumb ) I do not know . which one ? ( to Charlie ) do you know what movie she mean ? Charlie -- who 's pretty hammer -- shake he head . millie " bull " ... something ? what be it ? Charlie and Owen feign ignorance . millie ( cont 'd ) whatever . it will come to I . ( to Charlie ; flirty ) so ... what do you do now , crash ? charlie I write about music . millie really ? Owen gesture to a waitress to bring three more shot . charlie yeah ... I do freelance for a lot of magazine . but print really be dead . so now most of my stuff wind up on website . which be depress . ` Cause you can not hold it -- you can just look at it . it 's like ... Charlie seem lose in drunken think . Long , awkward silence . millie put she hand on Charlie 's arm . millie like what ? charlie huh ? millie you be talk about write for website and you kinda trail off , honey . 100 . owen ( try to save the situation ) so , crash -- why do not you tell this nice lady about the 21 day you be up in " the show , " and what the crowd be like , and -- charlie it be crazy . I ... Charlie drift off for a moment . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( to millie ) I be sorry -- I be sure you be a great lady . you have lovely hand and hair but ... Charlie begin to walk away , wobbly on he foot . charlie ( cont 'd ) ... I be gonna go to the ... I be just gonna go . Charlie stumble off . millie ( as Charlie leave ) you want a ride ...? Charlie exit the bar . millie ( cont 'd ) ( to Owen ) um ...is he cool to drive ? owen yeah , he will be fine -- on he bicycle . millie he ride a bicycle ? owen oh , yeah -- ( smile ) -- as a teenager , he be a bike racing champion grow up in bloomington , Indiana . he and he friend be call the " cutter " -- and they beat a bunch of rich college kid in this big race . it be great . ( more ) 101 . owen ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) back then , I be a kickbox instructor ... 73 ext . STREET - night 73 Charlie ride he bicycle down the street . swerve all over the place , he 's obviously drunk . Red and Blue light flash behind he . Charlie turn to see -- -- a police officer . * 74 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live room - day 74 Charlie leave kate a voicemail message . charlie ( into phone ; seem sort of nervous ) so , I get into a little trouble -- drunk in public . on a bicycle . ( beat ) um , I be think ... maybe I need to go to one of that meeting . I would like to go with you , though . if that 's cool . ( beat ) let I know if we could discuss it sometime , okay ? maybe you could come over to we -- um , my house ? ( beat ) uh...yeah . thanks . Charlie hang up the phone . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) " let I know if we could discuss it sometime ? " ( shake he head ) such a idiot ... 75 ext . kate &amp ; charlie' house - STREET / front yard - day 75 * kate and Charlie stand by kate 's car , which be park in front by the street . she 's just arrive . awkward tension . charlie miss we house ? 102 . kate um ...yeah . sometimes . charlie ( hesitant ) miss I ? beat . kate sometimes . ( long beat ) I have be sober for a year . charlie really ? kate yeah . kate reach into she purse and take out she one year chip , show it to Charlie . charlie they give you that ? kate yeah . a couple of day ago . Tuesday . charlie oh ...wow . congratulation . that 's really ... really ... just great . I mean it . ( beat ) Tuesday be the night I get pull over . ( laugh ) parallel life , huh ? kate roll she eye . charlie ( cont 'd ) so -- you dating anyone ? kate ( take aback ) Charlie ... charlie be you ? silence . 103 . kate no . Charlie seem relieved . charlie I either . Owen keep try to get I to be he " wing - man " and it 's ridiculous and this girl in bar be so lame and I just keep think how I wish I be meeting you in a bar for the first time and I do not come with any baggage and I could buy you a drink and flirt with you all night and ask for you number . ( beat ) wanna go out sometime ? kate I do not think it 's a good idea . Charlie nod . Long beat . charlie I fuck up , do not I ? kate look down , do not speak . charlie ( cont 'd ) yeah , I do . I know I do . I have a beautiful woman who use to love I and now when I see she she do not even want to look I in the eye . kate Charlie , please do not do this . charlie I miss you . I miss the way you taste and smell and ... I miss thing about you that use to drive I nut ! I miss you like shitty 80' music and fake punk -rock from the 90' ... kate I do not like shitty 80' music . ( beat ) I like good 80' music . 104 . charlie ... and all I want to do be touch you one more time to just , remember -- to make sure it be real . silence . kate look Charlie in the eye and give he a slight smile . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( change course ) or ... maybe I be a just a delusional fuck idiot . 76 int . kate &amp ; charlie' house - live room / kitchen - day 76 * kate and Charlie walk in -- it look sort of the same , but a number of item be miss , and it 's messier . in general , the room look more " dude . " kate you look really thin . charlie yeah ? kate when do you last eat ? charlie I dunno -- like ... I be not sure . ( seem slightly concerned * that he can not remember ) I think , um ... kate should we order something ? charlie sure , yeah -- or I could make a bacon and egg sandwich ... kate I do not know . I have not really be do the meat thing . charlie Jesus . it start with alcohol . then meat . ( beat ) have you give up fun , too ? kate look at Charlie -- he 's half - smile , not sure if she find he funny . 105 . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( off kate ) sorry . bad joke . kate crack a smile . kate Fine . Bacon and egg sandwich . but I be gonna make they . Charlie raise he eyebrow . charlie okay ... later kate 's at the stove , cooking bacon and egg . Charlie go to the fridge and get a bottle of Beer . kate glance at he . charlie ( cont 'd ) sorry . Charlie put the beer back in the fridge . kate I do not care if you drink a beer . charlie you sure ? kate yeah . whatever . charlie ( think about it ) no ... I be good . later kate stand by the stove and watch as -- -- Charlie -- who sit at the kitchen table -- wolf down the bacon and egg sandwich . kate seem pleased that Charlie enjoy it so much . 77 ext . kate &amp ; charlie' house - backyard - twilight 77 kate and Charlie play croquet . * 106 . they look a little tired -- like they have be play a while . kate seem to be much better than Charlie . charlie have you be play a lot ? kate I have not play in over a year . charlie then how're you beat I ? kate I do not know . innate talent ? they keep play . charlie I have not meet anyone even vaguely interesting since we separate . kate um ... stick to the game , okay ? Long beat . charlie I have be masturbate like crazy . kate Charlie -- charlie I miss you . kate stop it . charlie okay . Fine . beat . kate you could have be kill . charlie ( confuse ) what ? kate Riding you bike -- drunk . 107 . charlie but I be not . kate but be that really the point ? charlie what be try to say ? kate ( beat ) I worry about you . charlie ( laugh ) yeah , I can understand that . I use to worry about you . but now I know you be okay . ( beat ) that make I happy ... I mean , it fuck suck that you be better off without I but I be glad you be do well . no reply from kate . charlie ( cont 'd ) would you move back in if I come to meeting ? kate you should go for yourself , not to make I happy . charlie but , would you ? kate I be not move back in . that be not the response Charlie want to hear . kate ( cont 'd ) listen , I should go . it 's gonna get dark soon . charlie we can always turn the light on . kate I do not know ... beat . 108 . charlie so , would you at least ... let I take you out on a date ? kate say nothing . charlie ( cont 'd ) maybe ...? kate shake she head . Charlie seem hurt -- but still determine . charlie ( cont 'd ) okay ... fine . 0 for 2. ( new direction ) last question : can we just ... play one more game ? kate do not answer . charlie ( cont 'd ) c'mon ... you keep kick my ass . it 's embarrassing . you have gotta give I a chance to redeem myself . ( soft ) please . kate think about it for a long beat , and do not say yes ... ... but she also do not say no . there 's a look of hope in Charlie 's eye . CUT to black . the end