smoke 1 . ext : day . elevate subway train against the backdrop of the Manhattan skyline , we see a elevate subway train head toward Brooklyn . after a moment , we begin to hear voice . a animated discussion be take place inside the Brooklyn cigar company . 2 . int : day . the brooklyn cigar CO . the cigar shop from within . display of cigar box , a wall of magazine , pile of newspaper . cigarettes , smoking paraphernalia . on the wall , we see frame black - and - white photograph of people smoking cigar : groucho marx , George burn , clint eastwood , Edward G. Robinson , Orson Welles , Charles laughton , frankenstein 's monster , Leslie Caron , Ernie kovac . word appear on the screen : " summer 1990 . " auggie wren be behind the counter . somewhere between forty and fifty year old , auggie be a scruffy presence : unkempt hair , a two - day stubble of beard , dress in blue jeans and a black T-shirt . we see a intricate tattoo on one arm . it be a slow hour . auggie be flipping through a photography magazine . near the counter be the three otb men . this be local character who like to hang out in the store , shoot the breeze with auggie . one be black ( tommy ) and the other two be white ( jerry and dennis ) . dennis wear a T-shirt with the follow word print across the front : " if life be a dream , what happen when I wake up ? " tommy I will tell you why they be not go anywhere . jerry yeah ? and why be that ? tommy management . that guy be walk around with they head up they ass . dennis they make some great deal . Tommy . hernandez . Carter . without that two , there never woulda be no World Series . tommy that be four year ago . I be talk about now . ( grow more intense ) look who they get rid of . Mitchell . backman . mcdowell . dykstra . aguillera . mookie . mookie Wilson , for chrissake . ( shake he head ) jerry ( sarcastically ) and nolan Ryan . do not forget he . dennis ( chime in ) yeah . and amo otis . tommy ( shrug ) okay , joke about it . I do not give a shit . jerry Jesus , Tommy , it be not science , you know . you get you good trade and you bad trade . that 's how it work . tommy they do not have to do a thing , that 's all I be say . the team be good , the best fuck team in baseball . but then they have to screw it up . ( pause ) they trade they birthright for a mess of porridge . ( shake he head ) a mess of porridge . the bell on the door jangle as someone enter . it be auggie be protégé , jimmy rose , a mentally retarded man in he late twenty . he have be sweeping the sidewalk outside the store and hold a broom in he right hand . auggie how would you do out there , Jimmy ? jimmy good , auggie . Real good . ( proudly thrust out broom ) all finish . auggie ( philosophically ) it will never be finish . jimmy ( confused ) huh ? auggie that 's how it be with sidewalk . people come , people go , and they all drop shit on the ground . as soon as you clean up one spot and move on to the next , the first spot be dirty again . jimmy ( try to digest auggie be comment ) I just do what you tell I , auggie . you tell I to sweep , so I sweep . the bell on the door jangle again , and a customer enter the store : a middle - class man in he early thirty . he walk to the counter as jerry tease jimmy . in the background , we see he talk to auggie . auggie pull some cigar box out of the display case and put they on the counter for the young man to inspect . in the foreground we see : jerry ( interrupt . playfully ) hey , Jimmy . you get the time ? jimmy ( turn to the second otb man ) huh ? jerry you still have that watch auggie give you ? jimmy ( hold up leave wrist show cheap digital watch . smile ) tick -tock , tick -tock . jerry so what 's the time ? jimmy ( study watch ) twelve -eleven . ( pause , marvel as the number change ) twelve -twelve . ( look up , smile ) twelve -twelve . a sudden outburst be hear from the area near the counter . young man ( aghast ) ninety - two dollar ? the focus of the scene shift to auggie and the young man . auggie they do not come cheap , son . this little honey be work of art . roll by hand in a tropical climate , most likely by a eighteen year old girl in a thin cotton dress with no underwear on . Little bead of sweat form in she naked cleavage . the smooth , delicate finger nimbly turn out one masterpiece after another ... young man ( point ) and how much be this ? auggie seventy - eight dollar . the girl who roll this be probably wear panty . young man ( point ) and this ? auggie fifty-six . that girl have on a corset . young man ( point ) and this ? auggie forty-four . they're on special this week from the canary Islands . a real bargain . young man I think I will take they . ( take wallet from he pocket and count out $ 50 which he hand to auggie ) auggie a good choice . you would not want to celebrate the birth of you firstborn with a box of stinker , would you ? remember to keep they in the refrigerator until you hand they out . young man the refrigerator ? auggie it will keep they fresh . if they get too dry , they will break . and you do not want that to happen , do you ? ( put cigar box into a bag , ringing up sale on the cash register ) tobacco be a plant , and it need the same loving care you would give a orchid . young man thanks for the tip . auggie any time . and congratulation to you and you wife . just remember , though , in the immortal word of rudyard kipling : " a woman be just a woman , but a cigar be a smoke . young man ( confused ) what do that mean ? auggie damned if I know . but it have a nice ring to it , do not it ? at that moment , we hear the bell on the door jangle again . cut to the door . another customer enter the store : paul benjamin . he be in he early forty , dress in rumple casual clothes . as he approach the counter , the young man brushes past he and leave the store . the otb men and jimmy look on as paul and auggie talk . paul hey , auggie . how 's it go ? auggie hey , man . good to see you . what will it be today ? paul two tin of schimmelpenninck . and throw in a lighter while you be at it . auggie ( reaching for cigar and lighter ) the boy and I be just have a philosophical discussion about woman and cigar . some interesting connection there , do not you think ? paul ( laugh ) definitely . ( pause ) I suppose it all go back to Queen Elizabeth . auggie the Queen of England ? paul not Elizabeth the second , Elizabeth the first . ( pause ) do you ever hear of Sir walter Raleigh ? tommy sure . he 's the guy who throw he cloak down over the puddle . jerry I use to smoke Raleigh cigarettes . they come with a free gift coupon in every pack . paul that 's the man . well , Raleigh be the person who introduce tobacco in England , and since he be a favorite of the Queen 's -- Queen bess , he use to call she -- smoking catch on as a fashion at court . I be sure Old bess must have share a stogie or two with Sir walter . once , he make a bet with she that he could measure the weight of smoke . dennis you mean , weigh smoke ? paul exactly . weigh smoke . tommy you can not do that . it 's like weigh air . paul I admit it 's strange . almost like weigh someone 's soul . but Sir walter be a clever guy . first , he take a unsmoke cigar and put it on a balance and weigh it . then he light up and smoke the cigar , carefully tapping the ash into the balance pan . when he be finish , he put the butt into the pan along with the ash and weigh what be there . then he subtract that number from the original weight of the unsmoke cigar . the difference be the weight of the smoke . tommy not bad . that 's the kind of guy we need to take over the Met . paul oh , he be smart , all right . but not so smart that he do not wind up have he head chop off twenty year later . ( pause ) but that 's another story . auggie ( handing paul he change and put cigar tin and lighter in a paper bag ) Seven eighty - five out of twenty . ( as paul turn to leave ) take care of yourself now , and do not do anything I would not do . paul ( smiling ) I would not think of it . ( wave casually to the otb men ) see you around , fella . auggie and the otb men watch as paul leave the store . tommy ( turn to auggie ) what be he , some kind of wise guy ? auggie Nah . he 's a good kid . jerry I have see he around . he come in here a lot , do not he ? auggie couple of time a week , maybe . he 's a writer . live in the neighborhood . tommy and what kind of writer be he ? a underwriter ? auggie ( peeve ) very funny . some of the crack you make . Tommy , sometimes I think you should see a doctor . you know , go in for some wit therapy or something . to clean out the valve in you brain . tommy ( a little embarrassed . shrug ) it be just a joke . auggie the guy 's a novelist . Paul Benjamin . you ever hear of he ? ( pause ) that 's a stupid question . the only thing you guy read be the Racing form and page of the Post . ( pause ) he 's publish three or four book . but nothing now for the past few year . dennis what 's the matter ? he run out of idea ? auggie he run out of luck . ( pause ) remember that holdup out here on seventh Avenue few year back ? jerry you talk about the bank ? the time that two guy start spraying bullet all over the street ? auggie that 's it . four people get kill . one of they be Paul 's wife . ( pause ) the poor lug , he have not be the same since . ( pause ) the funny thing be , she stop in here just before it happen . to stock up on cigar for he . she be a nice lady , ellen . four or five month pregnant at the time , which mean that when she be kill , the baby be kill , too . tommy bad day at Black rock , eh , auggie ? Close - up of auggie be face . remember . auggie it be bad , all right . I sometimes think that if she have not give I exact change that day , or if the store have be a little more crowded , it would have take she a few more second to get out of here , and then maybe she would not have step in front of that bullet . she would still be alive , the baby would have be bear , and Paul would be sit at home write another book instead of wander the street with a hangover . ( pensive , he expression suddenly turn to one of alarm ) cut to white youth in the corner of the store , shove paperback book into the pocket of he tatter army fatigue jacket . auggie ( cont would ) hey ! what be you do there , kid ? hey , cut that out ! auggie scramble out from behind the counter , push he way past the otb men as the kid take off and run out of the store . 3 . ext : day . seventh avenue auggie chase the book thief down the street . eventually , he get wind and give up . he pause for a moment to catch he breath , then turn around and head back in the direction of the store . 4 . int : day . paul' apartment . a brownstone build in park slope ( third floor ) shot of a little brown cigar , burn in a ashtray . the camera pull back to reveal paul at he desk . he be write in longhand , use a pad of yellow legal paper . a old Smith - corona typewriter be also on the desk , poise for work with a half - write page in the roller . off in the corner , we see a neglect word processor . the workroom be a bare and simple place . desk , chair , and a small wooden bookcase with manuscript and papers shove onto its shelf . the window face a brick wall . as paul continue to write , the camera travel from the workroom into the larger of the two room that make up he apartment . this larger room be a all - purpose space that include a sleep area , a kitchenette in one corner , a dining table and a large easy chair . crowd bookshelve occupy one wall from floor to ceiling . the bow window face front , look down onto the street . near the bed , we see a frame photograph of a young woman . ( this be ellen , Paul 's dead wife . ) the camera travel back into the workroom . we see paul at work . fade out . fade in . we see paul at he desk , eat a tv dinner while still write in the pad . after a moment , he inadvertently knock the food off the desk with he elbow . he begin to bend over to pick up the food , but as he do so a new idea suddenly occur to he . instead of clean up the mess , he turn back to he pad and continue write . 5 ext : day . in front of the brooklyn cigar CO . we see paul walk out of the cigar store . jimmy rose be on the corner , observe he throughout the scene . paul take three or four step , then realize he have forget something . he go back into the store . during he brief absence , jimmy remain on the corner , imitate paul be gesture : patting in pocket , look puzzle , realize that he have forget the cigar he just buy . paul come out again a moment later , hold a tin of schimmelpenninck cigar . he pause , take a cigar out of the tin , and light up . he continue walk , obviously distract . he stop briefly at a corner , then step out into the street , pay no attention to the traffic . a speed tow truck be rush toward the intersection . at the last second , a black hand reach out , grab paul by the arm , and pull he back to the curb . if not for that timely move , paul would surely have be run down . we see paul be rescuer : it be rashid cole , a black adolescent of sixteen or seventeen . he be tall and well build for he age . a nylon backpack be sling over he leave shoulder . rashid watch out , man . you will get yourself kill like that . paul ( badly shake , still cling to rashid be arm ) I can not believe I do that ... Christ . I be walk around in a fog ... rashid no harm do . everything 's okay now . ( look down and notice that he and paul be still grip each other 's arm . tries to pull away ) I have get to be go . paul ( still rattle . begins to loosen grip , then grab hold of rashid be again ) no , wait . you can not just walk off . ( pause ) you save my life . rashid ( shrug ) I just happen to be there . the right place at the right time . paul ( relaxes grip on rashid be arm ) I owe you something . rashid it 's okay , mister . no big deal . paul yes it be . it 's a law of the universe . if I let you walk away , the moon will spin out of orbit ... pestilence will reign over the city for a hundred year . rashid ( mystify , amused . smile faintly ) well , if you put it that way ... paul you have to let I do something for you to put the scale in balance . rashid ( thinks , shake he head ) that 's all right . if I think of something , I will send my butler over to tell you . paul come on . at least let I buy you a cup of coffee . rashid I do not drink coffee . ( smile ) on the other hand , since you insist , if you offer I a cold lemonade . I would not say no . paul good . lemonade it be . ( pause . extends right hand ) I be Paul . rashid rashid . rashid Cole . ( shake paul be hand ) cut to : 6 . int : day . greek diner in park slope paul and rashid be sit in a booth . the restaurant be nearly empty . we see rashid finish he second lemonade . paul ( watch rashid drink ) be you sure you do not want some food to go along with it ? it might help to absorb some of that liquid . you do not want to slosh around too much when you stand up . rashid that 's okay . I have already have lunch . paul ( look at clock on wall ) you must eat lunch pretty early . it 's only eleven o'clock . rashid I mean breakfast . paul ( study rashid closely ) yeah , sure , and I bet you have lobster last night . along with two bottle of champagne . rashid just one bottle . I believe in moderation . paul look , kid , it 's okay with I . you do not have to play game . if you want a hamburger or something , go ahead and order it . rashid ( hesitates ) well , maybe just one . to be polite . paul ( turn to waitress . she come ) cocktail hour be over . the young man would like to order a hamburger . waitress ( to rashid ) how do you want that cook ? rashid medium rare , please . waitress fries ? rashid ( look at paul . paul nod ) yes , please . waitress lettuce and tomato ? rashid ( look at paul . paul nod ) yes , please . waitress ( point to rashid be empty lemonade glass ) you want another one of this , too ? paul yeah , give he another one . and I will take a cup of coffee while you be at it . waitress hot coffee or iced coffee ? paul do you have real iced coffee , or do you just pour hot coffee over some ice cube ? waitress everything be real in here , honey . ( pause ) as real as the color of my hair . paul and rashid look at she hair . it be dyed bright red . paul ( deadpan ) I will take the iced coffee . ( pause ) you only live once , right ? waitress ( equally deadpan ) if you be lucky . ( pause ) then again , it depend on what you call live . ( she walk off ) paul ( to rashid ) I do not mean to pry , but I see a kid walk around with a big knapsack on he back , and I begin to wonder if all he worldly possession be not stow in there . be you in some kind of trouble or what ? rashid ( keeping up he pose ) mostly what . paul ( study rashid ) you do not have to tell I if you do not want to , but I might be able to help . rashid ( hesitate ) you do not know I from a hole in the wall . paul that 's true . but I also owe you something , and I be not sure that buy you a hamburger be go to do the job . ( pause ) what be it ? family problem ? money problem ? rashid ( imitating white upper-class accent ) oh no . momsie and popsie have oodle . paul and where do momsie and popsie live ? rashid East seventy -fourth Street . paul in Manhattan ? rashid of course . where else ? paul then what be you do in Park slope ? it 's a little far from home , be not it ? rashid ( beginning to relent ) that 's where the what come in . paul the what ? rashid the what . ( pause ) I have kind of run away from home , you see . ( pause ) it have nothing to do with my parent or money . I see something I be not suppose to see , and for the time be it 's best that I keep myself out of sight . paul you can not be more specific than that ? rashid look at paul , hesitates , then lower he eye . paul ( cont would ) ( pause . decide not to press he ) so where have you be stay in the meantime ? rashid here and there . around . paul uh-huh . one of that cozy bed and breakfast place , probably . rashid yeah , that 's right . paul except that there 's no bed , be there ? and no breakfast either . rashid the material world be a illusion . it do not matter if they be there or not . the world be in my head . paul but you body be in the world , be not it ? ( pause ) if someone offer you a place to stay , you would not necessarily refuse , would you ? rashid ( pause . thinks ) people do not do that kind of thing . not in New York . paul I be not " people . " I be just I . and I do whatever I goddamn want to do . get it ? rashid thanks , but I will manage . paul in case you be wonder , I like woman , not little boy . and I be not offer you a long - term lease -- just a place to crash for a couple of night . rashid I can take care of myself . do not worry . paul suit yourself . but if you change you mind , here 's the address . ( take out a pad from he pocket and scribbles down the address . tear sheet from the pad and hand it to rashid ) the waitress arrive with they order . waitress one burger medium rare with lettuce and tomato . ( setting down plate in front of rashid ) one order of fries . ( setting down plate ) one lemonade . ( setting down glass ) and one dose of reality . ( setting down iced coffee in front of paul ) paul look on as rashid pick up hamburger and take he first bite . 7 . int : day . the brooklyn cigar CO . a slow hour . auggie be sit behind the counter , look through a magazine and eat a slice of pizza for lunch . vinnie enter the frame . he be the owner of the store : a large man in he fifty . vinnie okay . I think everything 's set . ( light up cigar ) you have get the number for cape cod , right ? just in case something go wrong . auggie ( chew pizza ; not look up from magazine ) no problem , vinnie . everything 's under control . ( finally look up ) I could run this store in my sleep . vinnie ( study auggie ) how long you be work for I , auggie ? auggie ( shrug , look down at magazine again ) I do not know . thirteen , fourteen year . something like that . vinnie it 's pretty crazy , do not you think ? I mean , a smart guy like you . what do you want to hang on to a dead - end job like this for ? auggie ( shrug again ) I do not know . ( turn page of magazine ) maybe because I love you so much , boss . vinnie shit . you should have be marry to someone by now . you know , settle down somewhere with a kid or two , a nice steady job . auggie I almost get marry once . vinnie yeah , I know . to that girl who move to Pittsburgh . auggie Ruby mcnutt . my one true love . vinnie sound like another one of you storey to I . auggie ( shake he head ) she upped and marry some other cat after I join the navy . by the time I get my discharge , though , she be divorced . her husband poke out she eye in a domestic quarrel . vinnie ( puff on he cigar ) Lovely . auggie ( remember ) she make a play for I after I get back , but she glass eye keep interfere with my concentration . every time we get into a clinch , I would start think about that hole in she head , that empty socket with the glass eye in it . a eye that could not see , a eye that could not shed any tear . the minute I start think about it , Mr. Johnson would get all soft and small . and I can not see get marry if Mr. Johnson be not go to be in tiptop shape . vinnie ( shake he head ) you do not take anything seriously , do you ? auggie I try not to , anyway . it 's better for you health . I mean , look at you , Vincent . you be the guy with the wife and three kid and the ranch house on Long Island . you be the guy with the white shoe and the white caddy and the white shag carpet . but you have have two heart attack , and I be still wait for my first . vinnie ( take cigar out of he mouth and look at it with disgust ) I should stop smoking this damn thing be what I should do . the fucker be go to kill I one day . auggie enjoy it while you can , vin . pretty soon , they be go to legislate we out of business anyway . vinnie they catch you smoking tobacco , they will stand you up against a wall and shoot you . auggie ( nodding ) tobacco today , sex tomorrow . in three or four year , it will probably be against the law to smile at stranger . vinnie ( remember something ) speak of which , be you still go ahead with that deal on the montecrist ? auggie it 's all set . my guy in Miami say he would have they within the next few week . ( pause ) be you sure you do not want to go in with I ? five thousand dollar outlay , a guarantee ten-thousand - dollar return . a consortium of Court Street lawyer and judge . they be just drool to get they lip around some genuine Cuban cigar . vinnie no thanks . I do not care what you do , but just make sure you do not get catch , okay ? the last I hear , it be still illegal to sell Cuban cigar in this country . auggie it 's the law that 's buy . that 's what 's so beautiful about it . I mean , when be the last time you hear of a judge send himself to jail ? vinnie suit yourself . but do not keep the box around here long . auggie they come in , they go out . I have get it plan to the last detail . vinnie ( look at he watch ) I have get to get move . Terry will bust my chop if I be late . see you in September , auggie . auggie okay , my man . Love to the wife and kid , et cetera , et cetera . Drop I a postcard if you can remember the address . vinnie leave . auggie turn back to he pizza and magazine . 8 . ext : evening . facade of the brooklyn cigar CO . a shot of the darken sky . a shot of the cigar store . we see the light go out . auggie come outside , lock the door , and begin pull down the metal gate in front of the window . cut to : a shot of paul run down the street toward auggie . paul ( out of breath ) be you close ? auggie you run out of schimmelpenninck ? paul ( nod ) do you think I could buy some before you leave ? auggie no problem . it 's not as though I be rush off to the opera or anything . auggie lift the gate and the two of they go into the store . 9 . int : evening . the brooklyn cigar CO . paul and auggie enter the darken store . auggie turn on the light and then go behind the counter to fetch paul be cigar . paul , on the other side , notice a 35 - millimeter camera near the cash register . paul look like someone forget a camera . auggie ( turn around ) yeah , I do . paul it 's yours ? auggie it 's mine all right . I have own that little sucker for a long time . paul I do not know you take picture . auggie ( handing paul he cigar ) I guess you could call it a hobby . it do not take I more than about five minute a day to do it , but I do it every day . rain or shine , sleet or snow . sort of like the postman . ( pause ) sometimes it feel like my hobby be my real job , and my job be just a way to support my hobby . paul so you be not just some guy who push coin across a counter . auggie that 's what people see , but that be not necessarily what I be . paul ( look at auggie with new eye ) how would you get start ? auggie take picture ? ( smile ) it 's a long story . I would need two or three drink to get through that one . paul ( nodding ) a photographer ... auggie well , let 's not exaggerate . I take picture . you line up what you want in the viewfinder and click the shutter . no need to mess around with all that artisto crap . paul I would like to see you picture some day . auggie it can be arrange . see as how I have read you book . I do not see why I should not share my picture with you . ( pause . suddenly embarrassed ) it would be a honor . 10 . int : night . auggie' apartment auggie and paul be sit at the kitchen table , open box of chinese food push to one side . most of the surface of the table be cover with large black photograph album . there be fourteen in all , and the spine of each one be label with a year -- range from 1977 to 1990 . one of this album ( 1987 ) be open on paul be lap . Close - up of one of the page in the album . there be six black - and - white photo on the page , each one of a identical scene : the corner of 3rd Street and seventh Avenue at eight o'clock in the morning . in the upper right -hand corner of each photo , there be a small white label bear the date : 8 - 9 - 87 , 8 - 10 - 87 , 8 - 11 - 87 , etc. paul be hand turn the page ; we see six more similar photograph . he turn the page again : same thing . and again : same thing . paul ( astonish ) they be all the same . auggie ( smiling proudly ) that 's right . more than four thousand picture of the same place . the corner of 3rd Street and seventh Avenue at eight o'clock in the morning . four thousand straight day in all kind of weather . ( pause ) that 's why I can never take a vacation . I have get to be in my spot every morning . every morning in the same spot at the same time . paul ( at a loss . turn a page , then another page ) I have never see anything like it . auggie it 's my project . what you would call my life 's work . paul ( put down the album and pick up another . flip through the page and find more of the same . shake he head in bafflement ) amazing . ( try to be polite ) I be not sure I get it , though . I mean , how do you ever come up with the idea to do this ... this project ? auggie I do not know , it just come to I . it 's my corner , after all . it 's just one little part of the world , but thing happen there , too , just like everywhere else . it 's a record of my little spot . paul ( flip through the album , still shaking he head ) it 's kind of overwhelming . auggie ( still smile ) you will never get it if you do not slow down , my friend . paul what do you mean ? auggie I mean , you be go too fast . you be hardly even look at the picture . paul but they be all the same . auggie they be all the same , but each one be different from every other one . you have get you bright morning and you dark morning . you have get you summer light and you autumn light . you have get you weekday and you weekend . you have get you people in overcoat and galoshes , and you have get you people in short and t-shirt . sometimes the same people , sometimes different one . and sometimes the different one become the same , and the same one disappear . the earth revolve around the sun , and every day the light from the sun hit the earth at a different angle . paul ( look up from the album at auggie ) slow down , huh ? auggie yeah , that 's what I would recommend . you know how it be . tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow , time creep on its petty pace . Close - up of the photo album . one by one , a single picture occupy the entire screen . auggie be project unfold before we . one picture follow another : the same place at the same time at different moment of the year . Close -up of different face within the close-ups . the same people appear in different picture , sometimes look into the camera , sometimes look away . dozen of still . finally , we come to a close - up of ellen , paul be dead wife . Close - up of paul be face . paul Jesus , look . it 's ellen . the camera pull away . auggie lean over paul be shoulder . we see paul be finger point to ellen 's face . auggie yeah . there she be . she 's in quite a few from that year . she must have be on she way to work . paul ( move , on the point of tear ) it 's ellen . look at she . look at my sweet darling . fade out . 11 . int : night . paul' apartment we see paul scribbling furiously in he legal pad , lose in he work . behind he , we see ten or twelve index card pin to the wall . the card be cover with write . one of they read : " the woman with brown hair and blue eye . " another one read : " the mind be lead on , step by step , to defeat its own logic . " a third one read : " remember the alamo . " paul stand up from he desk , go over to the wall , pull off one of the card , and study it as he return to he desk . a instant later , he begin write again . the intercom buzzer sing loudly in the other room . paul continue to work , oblivious to the noise . the buzzer sound again . paul put down he pen . paul ( under he breath ) shit . ( he stand up from he chair , walk to the other room , and press the " talk " button on the intercom ) who be it ? voice from the intercom rashid . paul who ? voice from the intercom rashid Cole . the lemonade kid , remember ? paul yeah . ( without much enthusiasm ) come on up . ( pushes " door " button the intercom ) paul walk to the door and open it , peer into the hall as he wait for rashid to arrive . a moment later , rashid appear -- dress as before , the backpack sling over he shoulder . he appear awkward , ill at ease . paul I do not expect to see you again . rashid ( make the best of it ) same here . but I have a long talk with my accountant this afternoon . you know , to see how a move like this would affect my tax picture , and he say it would be okay . paul study he with a mixture of bafflement and curiosity , but do not answer . rashid put down he bag and begin look around the apartment . after a moment : paul that 's it . just the two room . rashid ( continue to study he new surroundings ) this be the first house I have be in without a tv . paul I use to have one , but it break a couple of year ago and I never get around to replace it . ( pause ) I would just as soon not have one anyway . I hate that damn thing . rashid but then you do not get to watch the ball game . you tell I you be a Met fan . paul I listen on the radio . I can see the game just fine that way . ( pause ) the world be in you head , remember ? rashid ( smile . continue to walk around . see a small pen-and - ink draw hang on the wall above the stereo cabinet : the head of a small child . he stop to examine it ) Nice draw . do you do that ? paul my father do . believe it or not , that little baby be I . rashid ( study the draw more carefully . turn to look at paul , then turn back to the draw ) yeah , I can believe it . paul it 's strange , though , be not it ? look at yourself before you know who you be . rashid be you father a artist ? paul no , he be a schoolteacher . but he like to dabble . rashid he 's dead ? paul twelve , thirteen year ago . ( pause ) actually , he die with he sketch pad open on he lap . up in the berkshire one weekend , draw a picture of mount greylock . rashid ( study the picture , nodd he head . as if to himself ) drawing 's a good thing . paul be that what you do ? draw picture ? rashid ( smile ) yeah , sometimes . ( shrug , as if suddenly embarrassed ) I like to dabble , too . 12 . int : day . paul' apartment two hour later . we see paul write at he desk in the workroom . after a moment , he stand up and open the double door a crack . from paul be Pov : we see rashid sit at the table in the main room , head rest on he arm , asleep . the backpack be still where he put it down in the previous scene . 13 . int : day . paul' apartment 8:00 in the morning . paul be sit at the dining table drink coffee . he look at he watch , put down the cup , walk to the workroom door , open it , poke head inside . shot of rashid asleep on the floor ; shot of the typewriter and legal pad on the desk . paul close the door , sigh , return to the other room and pour himself another cup of coffee . look at he watch . Close - up of the watch : dissolve from 8:05 to 8:35 . paul put down the cup , stand up , walk to the workroom door , knock . paul time to wake up . ( wait , listen , knock again ) hey , kid , time to wake up . ( wait , listen , knock again ) rashid ! ( open door . rashid be groggily open he eye ) up and out . I have to work in here . the slumber party be over . rashid ( sitting up , rub he eye ) what time be it ? paul eight -thirty . rashid ( appall by early hour ) eight -thirty ? paul you will find juice and egg and milk in the refrigerator . cereal in the cupboard . coffee on the stove . take whatever you want . but it 's time for I to get start in here . rashid stand up , embarrassed . he be dress in underpant only . he roll up the sleep bag and push it to one side , then he gather up he clothes and hustle out of the room . 14 . int : day . paul' apartment twenty minute later . paul be sit at he desk , stare at he typewriter . a loud noise come from the other room : the clatter of dish be put into the sink . paul stand up , walk to the door , open it . he see rashid , now fully dress , pick up the telephone next to the bed . he see rashid be knapsack open ; a brown paper bag be sit next to it . he watch rashid dial a number . rashid ( in a low voice ) May I speak to Emily vail , please ? yes , thank you , I will wait . ( silence , three or four beat . rashid fiddle with a pillow on the bed ) aunt em ? hi , it 's I . I just want you to know I be okay . ( pause , as he listen . the response from the other end be a angry one ) I know , I be sorry . ( pause , as he listen ) I just do not want you to worry about I . ( silence , as he listen . begins to show irritation with aunt em 's hostility ) just cool it , okay ? take it easy . ( click on the other end . he stare at the receiver for a moment , then hang up ) paul close the door quietly . rashid do not know he have be observe . cut back to paul in workroom . he sit down at he desk , think for a moment , then begin type . 15 . int : day . paul' apartment several hour later . with the sound of paul be type continue to come from the workroom , we see rashid stand on a chair next to the bookcase in the larger room and deposit the brown paper bag behind the book on one of the upper shelf . 16 . int : night . paul' apartment a shot of rashid asleep in paul be bed . lying next to he on the bed be a open , half - read copy of one of paul be book : the mysterious barricade by Paul Benjamin . cut to a shot of paul sleep on the floor of the workroom . 17 . int : day . paul' apartment paul be in he workroom , sit at he desk , type . we see more index card pin to the wall . paul hear a loud crash from the other room . he pop up from he desk , exasperate , then walk to the door and open it . shot of the other room : rashid be stand there , look down at break dish . paul ( irritate ) Jesus , do you make a lot of noise . can not you see I be try to work ? rashid ( mortify ) I be sorry . they just ... they just slip out of my hand . paul a little less clumsiness around here would be nice , do not you think ? rashid ( grow defensive ) I be a teenager . all teenager be clumsy . it 's because we be still grow . we do not know where we body end and the world begin . paul the world be go to end pretty soon if you do not learn fast . ( pause . paul reach into he pocket and pull out he wallet , then remove a twenty - dollar bill ) look , why not make yourself useful ? I be just about out of smoke . go around the corner to the Brooklyn cigar company and buy I two tin of schimmelpenninck medias . ( hand the bill to rashid ) rashid ( take the bill ) twenty dollar be a lot of money . be you sure you can trust I with it ? I mean , be not you afraid I might steal it ? paul if you want to steal it , that 's you business . at least I will not have you around here make noise . ( pause ) it might be worth it . rashid , visibly hurt by paul be remark , put the money in he pocket . for once , he be unable to come up with a quick retort . rashid walk out of the apartment . paul watch the door slam . slight pause , then he bend down and start pick up the break dish . 18 . int : day . paul' apartment the workroom . a few minute later . paul return to he desk and begin to type . almost immediately , the ribbon jam . he let out a groan , then open the typewriter to inspect the damage . 19 . ext : day . the brooklyn cigar co. , as see from across the STREET eight o'clock in the morning . we see auggie on the corner , get ready to take he daily photograph . cut to the corner as see through the lens of the camera . hustle and bustle , people on they way to work . automobile traffic , bus , delivery truck . we hear the shutter click . the picture freeze . 20 . int : day . paul' apartment the workroom . paul be sit at he desk , write . a loud crash from the other room punctuate the silence . he jump in he chair . paul ( groan ) shit . he stand up , go to the door , open it . shot of rashid stand precariously on the arm of a chair , he right hand grop behind the book on the top shelf of the bookcase . several book have already fall to the floor . paul ( cont would ) Jesus Christ . be you at it again ? rashid turn at the sound of paul be voice , momentarily lose he balance . as he grab hold of the bookcase again to steady himself , more book fall off the shelf and come tumble to the floor . a instant later , he land on the floor as well . paul ( cont would ) what be it with you , anyway ? you be like a human wreck ball . rashid ( climb to he foot . ashame ) I be sorry . I be really sorry ... I be try to reach for one of the book up there ... ( point ) and then , I do not know , the sky fall on top of I . paul ( with grow irritation ) it just will not do , will it ? I go two and a half year without be able to write a word , and then , when I finally get start on something , when it look as though I might actually be come to life again , you show up and start break everything in my house . it just will not do , will it ? rashid ( hurt , subdued ) I do not ask to come here . you invite I , remember ? ( pause ) if you want I to leave , all you have to do be say so . paul how long have you be here ? rashid Three night . paul and how long do I tell you you could stay ? rashid two or three night . paul it sound like we time be up , do not it ? rashid ( look down at floor ) I be sorry I mess up . you have be very kind to I ... ( walk toward the bed , pick up the backpack from the floor , and begin stuff he thing into it ) but all good thing have to come to a end , right ? paul no hard feeling , okay ? it 's a small place , and I can not get my work do with you around . rashid you do not have to apologize . ( pause ) the coast be probably clear now anyway . paul ( soften ) be you go to be all right ? rashid absolutely . the world be my oyster . ( pause ) whatever that mean . ( he look up at the bookshelf , study the spot where the bag be hide . he make a quick , resolute decision to leave the bag where it be ) paul do you need some money ? some extra clothes ? rashid not a penny , not a stitch . I be cool , man . ( hoist the backpack over he shoulder , begin walk toward the door ) paul ( a little stunne by rashid be decisiveness ) take good care of yourself , okay ? rashid you too . and make sure the light be green before you cross the street . ( reaches for the doorknob , open the door , hesitates , turn around ) oh , by the way , I like you book . I think you be a hell of a good writer . ( without wait for a response , he open the door again and leave ) shot of paul stand alone in the middle of the room . he walk to the window and look outside . shot of the street below . after three or four second , rashid emerge from the building . without glance back , he begin walk down the street . cut to paul stand at the window . he light up a cigar . cut back to the street . rashid have disappear . a instant later , a blind man come walk around the corner , tapping he white cane on the sidewalk . 21 . int : night . auggie' apartment the window be open and traffic noise can be hear from the street below . auggie alone . Jazz be play on he tape machine . he take a tv dinner out of the oven , then sit down at the kitchen table and begin to eat . fade out . fade in . the meal be over . auggie pour himself a shot of bourbon . he drink it down in one swallow and smack he lip , exhaling loudly . stare blankly ahead of he for a moment . then he reach for a paperback copy of crime and punishment open on the table . as he find he place in the book , he light a cigarette . after one or two puff , he begin to cough : a deep , rattling , prolong smoker 's cough . he pound he chest . it do not help . he stand up , bang the table as the cough fit continue . he begin to stagger around the kitchen , cursing between breath . in he rage , he sweep everything off the table : glass , bottle , book , remnant of the tv dinner . the cough subside , then start up again . he grab hold of the kitchen sink and spit into the basin . 22 . int : day . paul' apartment the main room . we hear the sound of paul type . a loud , insistent bang be hear at the front door . cut to paul open the door . rashid' aunt em be stand in the hall . she be a black woman of about forty , dress in clothes that suggest she work in a office . aunt em ( angrily ) be you name Paul Benjamin ? paul ( taken aback ) what can I do for you ? aunt em ( barge into the apartment ) I just want to know what you game be , mister , that 's all . paul ( horrify . watch she as she charge around the room ) how the hell do you get into the building ? aunt em what do you mean , how would I get in ? I push the door and walk in . what do you think ? paul ( muttering to himself ) the damn lock 's break again . ( pause , as he return aunt em be glare . louder ) and so you just barge in on stranger , be that what you do ? be that you game ? aunt em I be look for my nephew , Thomas . paul Thomas ? who 's Thomas ? aunt em do not give I any of that . I know he 's be here . you can not fool I , mister . paul I be tell you . I do not know anyone name Thomas . aunt em Thomas Cole . Thomas jefferson Cole . my nephew . paul you mean rashid ? aunt em rashid ? rashid ! be that what he tell you he name be ? paul well , whatever he name be , he 's not here anymore . he leave two day ago , and I have not hear from he since . aunt em and what be he do here in the first place ? that 's what I want to know . what 's a man like you mess around with a black boy like Thomas for ? be you some kind of pervert , or what ? paul ( lose patience ) look , lady , that 's enough . if you do not calm down . I be go to throw you out . do you hear I ? right now ! aunt em ( get a grip on herself ) I just want to know where he be . paul as far as I know , he go back to he parent . aunt em ( incredulous ) his parent ? be that what he tell you ? his parent ? paul that 's what he say . he tell I he live with he mother and father on East seventy -fourth Street . aunt em ( defeat , shaking she head ) I always know that boy have a imagination , but now he 's go and make up a whole new life for himself . ( pause ) do you mind if I sit down ? ( paul gesture to a chair ; she sit down ) he 's be live with I and he uncle Henry since he be a baby . and we do not live in Manhattan . we live in boerum Hill . in the project . paul he do not go to the trinity School ? aunt em he go to John jay High School in Brooklyn . paul ( beginning to show concern ) and he parent ? aunt em his mother 's dead , and he have not see he father in twelve year . paul ( softly , almost to himself ) I should not have let he go . aunt em ( study paul ) which bring I back to my original question . what be he do here in the first place ? paul I be about to get run over by a car , and you nephew pull I back . he save my life . ( pause ) I sense he be in trouble , so I offer to put he up for a few day . maybe I should have press he a little more , I do not know . I feel pretty stupid about it now . aunt em he 's in trouble , all right . but I do not have any idea what it be . paul ( sit down in a chair , let out a sigh , think for a moment . turn to aunt em ) do you want something to drink ? a beer ? a glass of water ? aunt em ( primly ) no thank you . paul ( lapse into think again . after a moment ) have anything happen lately ? anything unusual or unexpected ? aunt em ( thinks ) well , one thing I suppose , but I do not think it have anything to do with this . ( pause ) a friend of mine call about two week ago and say she would spot Thomas 's father work at some gas station outside of peekskill . paul and you tell you nephew about it ? aunt em ( shrug ) I figure he have a right to know . paul and ? aunt em and nothing . Thomas look at I straight in the eye and say , " I do not have a father . as far as I be concerned , that son-of - a- bitch be dead . " paul that be pretty hostile word . the camera slowly close in on she face as she speak : aunt em his father walk out on he mother a couple of month after he be bear . louisa be Henry 's young sister , and she and the baby move in with we . four or five year go by , and then one day Cyrus show up out of the blue , tail between he leg , want to patch thing up with louisa . I think Henry be go to tear Cyrus apart when he see he walk through the door . they be both big man , that two , and if they ever start to tangle , you would see some tooth jump on the floor . I guarantee it ... so Cyrus persuade louisa to go out with he to talk thing over in quiet . and the poor girl never come back . paul ( off ) you mean she just run off with he and leave she little boy behind ? aunt em do not put word in my mouth . what I be say be she drive off in Cyrus 's car and go to the five - Spot Lounge with he for a drink . what I be say be that he imbibe too much in the way of alcohol and that when they finish they little talk three hour later and get back in the car , he be in no shape to drive . but he drive the car anyway , and before he could get she back to where she live , the damn fool run a red light and go straight into a truck . louisa get throw through the windshield and be kill . Cyrus live , but he come out of it a cripple . his leave arm be so mangle , the doctor have to cut it off . small punishment for what he do , if you ask I . paul ( off ) ( aghast ) Jesus . aunt em Jesus have nothing to do with it . if he would be involved . he would have see to it that thing work out the opposite from what they do . paul ( off ) it can not have be easy on he . walk around with that on he conscience all this year . aunt em no , I do not suppose it have . he be break up like nobody 's business in that hospital when he find out louisa be dead . paul ( off ) and he 's never try to get in touch with he son ? aunt em Henry tell Cyrus he would kill he if he ever show he face around we house again . when Henry make a threat like that , people tend to take he seriously . paul and aunt em look at each other . cut to shot of the kitchen sink . Water be slowly drip from the faucet . hold for two or three beat . 23 . ext : day . a country road outside of peekskill early morning . tree , shrub , twitter bird . we see rashid trudging down the road . dissolve to : the same road , a mile on . rashid look up . cut to : 24 . ext : day . cole's garage the garage be a ramshackle , two -story building . over the main door be a clumsily execute hand - paint sign that read : cole's garage . two Chevron gas pump stand alone in the front : weed sprout through the macadam . to one side of the station be a grassy area with a weather - beat picnic table . the double garage door be open . we see a man in there work on the engine of a old chevrolet . the hood be up , which obscure the man 's face , but we can see that he be wear mechanic 's overall and that the color of he skin be black . he be a large , burly man of about forty . once he appear from behind the hood , we see that he leave hand be miss . a metal hook jut out of he sleeve . this be rashid be father , cyrus cole . 25 . ext : day . the side of the country road , directly opposite cole's garage we see rashid sit on the hood of a rusted car across the road from the garage . he be motionless , hugging he knee and gaze intently in the direction of the camera . hold for three , four beat . 26 . int : day . cole's garage a bit later . cyrus , still busily at work on the chevrolet , glance up and see rashid across the road . he study he for a moment , then return to he work . 27 . ext : day . the side of the country road , directly opposite cole's garage a hour later . we see rashid sit on the hood of the car , as before . this time he have he sketch pad propped against he knee and be do a pencil draw of the garage across the way . 28 . ext : day . outside cole's garage a hour later . we see cyrus emerge from the garage carry a brown paper bag . he walk over to the picnic table , sit down , and take out he lunch from the bag : a ham sandwich , a apple , a can of iced tea . as he chew and drink , he study rashid across the road . every now and then , a car or truck pass by . the camera cut between rashid and cyrus . rashid , work busily on he draw , pretend not to notice he be be watch . at last , cyrus finish he lunch . he crumple up the paper bag , get to he foot , and toss he garbage into a rusted metal trash can next to the picnic table . instead of go back to work , he cross the road . 29 . ext : day . the side of the country road , directly opposite cole's garage master shot . as cyrus approach , rashid look up , meeting the man' eye for the first time . before cyrus can get close enough to see the draw , rashid close the sketch pad and press it against he chest . he make no attempt to stand up . cyrus you go to sit here all day ? rashid I do not know . I have not decide yet . cyrus why do not you pick some other spot ? it give a man the creep to be stare at all morning . rashid it 's a free country , be not it ? as long as I be not trespasp on you property . I can stay here till kingdom come . cyrus ( approach the car . rashid jump off the hood as cyrus draw closer ) let I give you some useful information , son . there 's two dollar and fifty - seven cent in that cash register over there ( gesture with he hand to the garage across the road ) and consider all the time you have put in case the joint so far , you will not make but about fifty cent a hour for all you pain . however you slice it , that 's a lose proposition . rashid I be not go to rob you , mister . ( amuse ) do I look like a thief ? cyrus I do not know what you look like , boy . as far as I can tell , you sproute up like a mushroom in this spot last night . ( pause . Studies rashid more closely ) you live in this town -- or on you way from here to there ? rashid just pass through . cyrus just pass through . a lonesome traveler with a knapsack on he back plop himself across from my garage to admire the view . there 's other place to roam , kid , that 's all I be say . you do not want to make a nuisance of yourself . rashid I be work on a sketch . that old garage of yours be so rundown , it 's kind of interesting . cyrus it 's rundown , all right . but draw a picture will not improve the way it look . ( Zeroing in on the sketch pad press against rashid be chest ) let 's see what you do , rembrandt . rashid ( think fast ) it will cost you five buck . cyrus five buck ! you mean you be go to charge I five buck just to look at it ? rashid once you look at it , you be go to want to buy it from I . that 's guarantee . and that 's the price : five buck . so if you be not willing to spring for it , you might as well not bother to look . it will just tear you up inside and make you miserable . cyrus ( shake he head ) son-of -a-bitch . you be some piece of work , be not you ? rashid ( shrug ) I just tell it like it be , mister . ( pause ) if I be get on you nerve , though , you might want to think about hire I . cyrus ( grow annoyed ) do you have eye in you head , or be that brown thing bulg out of you socket just marble ? you have be sit here all day , and how many car have you see drive up and ask for gas ? rashid not a one . cyrus not a one . not one customer all day . I buy this break - down shit-hole of a place three week ago , and if business do not pick up soon , I be go straight down the skid . what do I want to be hire someone for ? I can not even pay my own wage . rashid it be just a think . cyrus yeah , well , do you think somewhere else , Michelangelo . I get work to do . cyrus begin to leave . we see he crossing the road , shaking he head . halfway there , he suddenly stop , turn , and shout at rashid : cyrus ( cont would ) who do you think I be , the fuck State employment Agency ? 30 . ext : day . the side of the country road , directly opposite cole's garage half a hour later . we see rashid sit on the hood of the car , as before . this time he be eat a sandwich , chew slowly as he gaze ahead . 31 . ext : day . cole's garage we see cyrus at work on the chevrolet . every now and then , he glance up to look at rashid . cyrus finish the job he have be do . he slam the hood of the chevrolet shut . Quick cut to : 32 . ext : day . the side of the country road , directly opposite cole's garage cyrus enter the frame and hoist himself onto the hood of the car -- right next to rashid . a long silence . cyrus ( try to be friendly ) I will tell you what . you want to work . I will give you a job . nothing permanent , mind you , but that upstairs room over there ( turn , point ) -- the one above the office -- be a hell of a mess . it look like they have be throw junk in there for twenty year , and it 's time it get clean up . rashid ( play it cool ) what 's you offer ? cyrus five buck a hour . that 's the go rate , be not it ? ( look at he wristwatch ) it 's a quarter past two now . my wife 's pick I up at five - thirty , so that will give you about three hour . if you can not finish today , you can do the rest tomorrow . rashid ( get to he foot ) be there a benefit package , or be you hire I on a freelance basis ? cyrus benefit ? rashid you know , health insurance , dental plan , pay vacation . it 's not fun be exploit . worker have to stand up for they rights . cyrus I be afraid we will be work on a strictly freelance basis . rashid ( Long pause , pretend to think it over ) five dollar a hour ? ( another pause ) I will take it . cyrus ( crack a faint smile . extends he right hand ) the name be Cyrus Cole . rashid Paul . Paul Benjamin . they shake hand . 33 . int : day . the brooklyn cigar CO . it be a slow hour in the middle of the afternoon . auggie be sit on a stool behind the counter , read he paperback copy of dostoyevsky 's crime and punishment . jimmy rose be work in silence near the far wall on the other side of the counter , diligently and awkwardly straighten the stack of newspaper and magazine . the bell on the front door rattles , signal the arrival of a customer . shot of jimmy stop he work to look up in the direction of the door . from jimmy Pov : a woman enter the store . she be ruby mcnutt ( auggie be old flame ) . mid-forties , wear a sleeveless summer dress , she face register a tumult of anxiety , determination , and self - consciousness . she wear a black patch over she leave eye . shot of jimmy look in wonder at the patch . shot of ruby look in the direction of the counter . shot of auggie sit behind the counter , still immerse in he book , not bother to glance up . Close - up of ruby's face : she be look at auggie . her lip be tremble . she be obviously move , but she be too afraid to speak . with the camera fix on ruby be face , we hear : jimmy ( off ) ( hesitantly ) auggie . ( no response . pause ) auggie , I think there 's a customer . Close - up of auggie glance up from he book . we see he expression change from one of indifference to recognition and astonishment . Close - up of ruby look at he . she smile tentatively . as they talk , jimmy study they with rapt attention . ruby auggie ? shot of auggie be face : he be still too amaze to speak . ruby ( cont would ) it 's really you , auggie , be not it ? auggie ( finally ) Christ , Ruby , it 's be so long . I figure you be dead . ruby eighteen and a half year . auggie be that all ? I think it be about three hundred . ruby ( shyly , hesitantly ) you be look good , auggie . auggie no I be not . I look like shit . and so do you , Ruby . you look just awful . ( pause , with increase bitterness ) what 's with the patch , anyway ? what would you do with that old blue marble -- hock it for a bottle of gin ? ruby ( hurt , embarrassed ) I do not want to talk about it . ( pause ) if you really want to know . I lose it . and I be not sorry I do . that eye be curse , auggie , and it never give I nothing but grief . auggie and you think it look better to go around dress up like Captain hook ? ruby ( in a low voice , try to maintain she composure and dignity ) you always be a son-of - a- bitch , be not you ? a little weasel with a quick , dirty mouth . auggie at least I have stay true to myself . which be more than I can say about some people . ruby ( again , she try to shrug it off . take a deep breath ) I have get something to talk to you about , and the least you can do be listen . you owe I that much . I drive all the way from Pittsburgh to see you , and I be not go until you have hear I out . auggie talk away , lady of my dream . I be all ear . ruby ( glancing around the store . see jimmy study she ) this be private , auggie . just between you and I . auggie ( address jimmy with unaccustom irritation ) you hear she , pipsqueak . the lady and I have private business to discuss . go outside and stand in front of the door . if anyone try to come in , tell them we be close . you get that ? jimmy sure , auggie , I get it . ( pause ) the store 's close . ( pause , think ) and when do I tell they it 's open ? auggie ( snap ) when I tell you it 's open . it 's open when I tell you it 's open ! jimmy ( hurt ) okay , auggie , I get it . you do not have to yell . jimmy go outside and post himself in front of the door . auggie ( look closely at ruby as he light a cigarette ) all right , sugar , what 's on you mind ? ruby ( pause . self-conscious ) do not look at I like that . auggie . it give I the creep . auggie like what ? ruby like what you be do . I be not go to eat you up . ( pause ) I need you help , and if you keep stare at I like that . I might start scream . auggie ( with a edge of sarcasm ) help , huh ? and I do not suppose this help have anything to do with money , do it ? ruby do not rush I , okay ? you be jump to conclusion before I have even say anything . ( pause ) and besides , it 's not for I . ( pause . realizing she 's let the cat out of the bag . in desperation , she plunge on ) it 's for we daughter . auggie ( shock , grow belligerent ) we daughter ? be that what you say ? we daughter ? I mean , you might have a daughter , but I sure as hell do not . and even if I do -- which I do not -- she would not be we daughter . ruby her name be felicity , and she just turn eighteen . ( pause ) she run away from Pittsburgh last year , and now she 's live in some shit-hole here in Brooklyn with a guy name chico . strung out on crack , four month pregnant . ( pause ) I can not bear to think about that baby . we grandchild , auggie . just think of it . we grandchild . auggie ( waving she off , impatient ) stop it , already . just stop all this crap right now . ( pause . change the subject . with contempt ) be that you idea to call she felicity ? ruby it mean " happiness . " auggie I know what it mean . that still do not make it a good name . ruby I do not know who else to turn to , auggie . auggie you have sucker I before , darling , remember ? why should I believe you now ? ruby why would I lie to you , auggie ? you think it be easy to come here and walk into this place ? why would I do it if I do not have to ? auggie that 's what you tell I when I shoplift that necklace for you . you remember , baby , do not you ? the judge give I a choice : either go to the can or enlist . so , instead of go to college , I wind up in the navy for four year , I watch man lose they arm and leg , I nearly get my head blow off , and you , sweet Ruby mcnutt , you run off and marry that asshole , Bill . ruby you do not write to I for more than a year . what be I suppose to think ? auggie yeah , well , I lose my pen . by the time I get a new one , I be clean out of paper . ruby it be over with Bill before you ever come home . maybe you do not remember it now , but you be pretty hot to see I back then . auggie you be not so lukewarm yourself . at least at first . ruby it fizzle , baby . that 's the way it go . but we have we time , do not we ? it be not all bad . auggie a couple of moment , I will grant you that . a second or two snatch from the jaw of eternity . ruby and that 's how felicity come into the picture . during one of that two second . auggie you be con I , sweetheart . I be not responsible for no baby . ruby then why do you think I marry Frank ? I be already pregnant , and I do not have much time . say what you like , but at least he give my kid a name . auggie good old Frank . and how be fat Mr. grease monkey this day ? ruby who the hell know ? ( shrug ) he drop out of sight fifteen year ago . auggie Fifteen year ago ? ( shake head ) it will not wash , pumpkin . no mother wait fifteen year to tell a man he 's a father . I be not bear yesterday , you know . ruby ( her lip start to tremble . we see tear fall from she one good eye ) I think I could handle it . I do not want to bug you . I think I could handle it on my own , but I could not . she 's in real bad , auggie . auggie Nice try , old girl . I would like to help you out . you know , for old time 's sake . but all my spare cash be tie up in a business venture , and I have not collect my profit yet . too bad . you catch I at the wrong time . ruby ( still cry ) you be a cold - heart bastard , be not you ? how would you ever get so mean , auggie ? auggie I know you think I be lie to you , but I be not . every word I tell you be the God 's honest truth . pause . then cut to the store entrance . the door suddenly burst open as a irate customer push he way past jimmy . we see jimmy futilely try to hold he back . auggie ( cont would ) ( shout at customer . beside himself ) the store 's close ! do not you hear what the kid tell you ? the goddamn store be close ! 34 . int : day . the upstair room of cole's garage we see rashid work diligently . the place be a pigsty , cluttere with all sort of debris : rusty bicycle , rag , automotive part , a female mannequin , break radio , shower curtain , etc . one by one , rashid drag or carry this thing toward the door . at one point , he find a small , portable black - and - white tv hide under a rug . the rabbit ear be break , the case be cover with dust , but other than that it seem to be in reasonably good shape . 35 . ext : day . outside cole's garage rashid and cyrus be carry the debris from the upstairs room and throw it into the back of a old red pickup truck . once they get rid of a load , they go back inside for more . since rashid be faster , they be work out of phase : when one be outside , the other be inside . they work in silence . cyrus begin to huff and puff from go up and down the stair . eventually , after a number of trip , he drop a load into the truck and stop . he lean against the truck , pull out a large , cheap half - smoke cigar from he shirt pocket , and light up . Close - up of the hook as he strike the match . after one or two puff on the cigar , rashid appear with another load and toss it into the truck . cyrus time for a pause . without further ado , rashid promptly sit down on the rear bumper of the truck . he do it so quickly , the effect be comical . he watch cyrus smoke . two or three beat . rashid I do not mean to be nosy , but I be wonder what happen to you arm . cyrus ( hold up he hook and study it for a moment ) a ugly piece of hardware , be not it ? ( pause ) I will tell you what happen to my arm . ( pause. remember ) I will tell you what happen . ( pause ) twelve year ago , God look down on I and say , " Cyrus , you be a bad , stupid , selfish man . first of all , I be go to fill you body with spirit , and then I be go to put you behind the wheel of a car , and then I be go to make you crash that car and kill the woman who love you . but you , Cyrus , I be go to let you live , because live be a lot worse than death . and just so you do not forget what you do to that poor girl , I be go to rip off you arm and replace it with a hook . if I want to , I could rip off both you arm and both you leg , but I be go to be merciful and just take off you leave arm . every time you look at you hook , I want you to remember what a bad , stupid , selfish man you be . let that be a lesson to you , Cyrus , a warning to mend you way . " rashid ( impress by the sincerity of cyrus be speech ) and have you mend they ? cyrus I do not know . I try . every day I keep on try , but it 's no easy task for a man to change he nature . ( pause ) I be off the booze , though . have not have a drop in six year . and now I have get I a wife . doreen . best damned woman I have ever know . ( pause ) and a little boy , too . Cyrus junior . ( pause ) so thing have definitely improve since I get fitte with this hook . if I can just turn this goddamn garage around , I will be in pretty good shape . rashid you name the kid after yourself , huh ? cyrus ( smiling at the think of he son ) that boy 's one in a million . a real tiger . cut to close - up of rashid be face . he seem to be grow more and more upset . cyrus ( cont would ) and what about you , kid ? what 's you story ? rashid ( turn away ) who , I ? I do not have a story . I be just a kid . fade out . 36 . ext : day . outside cole's garage late afternoon . rashid and cyrus continue load debris into the back of the truck . we see the black - and - white portable tv sit on the ground outside the office . after a few moment , a ten-year - old blue Ford pull up next to the truck and stop . it be drive by cyrus' wife , doreen . she be a attractive , self - possess woman in she late twenty . cyrus junior be sit in a child - restraint seat in the back . he be two year old . cyrus be face light up when he see the car . doreen cut off the engine and get out , smile at she husband . rashid , suddenly forget by cyrus , watch the exchange with keen interest . cyrus hi , baby . how would it go today ? doreen ( joke ) if I have to wash one more old lady 's hair , I think my finger would fall off . ( she kiss he on the cheek ) cyrus busy , huh ? that 's good , because thing around here sure be sleepy today . doreen ( open the back of the car , unstrap junior from he seat , and pick he up in she arm ) do not worry , cy . it 's early day yet . ( address junior , but at the same time catch sight of rashid ) say hello to daddy . junior ( in he mother 's arm , excited at see he father ) dada ! dada ! cyrus ( take the boy in he arm and give he a big kiss ) hey there , little tiger . and what do you do today ? doreen ( address rashid as she hand the baby to cyrus ) hello . rashid ( shyly ) hello . cyrus ( notice the exchange between doreen and rashid ) Jesus , I almost forget you be here . doreen , this be Paul . my new assistant . doreen extend she right hand to rashid . rashid ( shake doreen be hand ) it 's only temporary . on a freelance basis . cyrus ( turn junior toward rashid ) and this one , in case you have not guess , be junior . rashid ( study junior carefully . mumble in a barely audible voice ) hi there , little brother . cyrus ( to junior ) say hi to Paul . junior hi there , little brother . cyrus ( to doreen ) he 's help I clean out that upstairs room . might as well get this place look good , anyway . ( to rashid ) I guess that 's it for today , sport . come back tomorrow morning at eight , and you can pick up where you leave off . ( start walk to the office with junior in he arm ) we see he through the window : open the cash register , pockete the money , turn out the light , then come out and close the garage door . in the foreground , we see rashid stand with doreen . he look down at the ground , too shy to say a word to she . she study he with a mixture of curiosity and amusement . when cyrus be finish close up , he walk toward they and say to rashid : cyrus ( cont would ) do you want I to pay you now , or can you wait until tomorrow ? rashid tomorrow 's fine . there 's no rush . 37 . ext : early evening . outside cole's garage a little later . we see rashid sit next to the tv outside the office door . he be utterly still . hold for two , three beat . 38 . int : early evening . inside the office of cole's garage we see a pencil draw be sly under the door . it be a excellent rendering of the garage as see from across the road . the camera move in on the draw until it occupy the entire screen . hold for two , three beat . 39 . int : day . paul' apartment paul open the door . rashid be stand in the hall , hold the black - and - white tv in he arm . the knapsack be on he back . his clothes have become a little shabbier since the last time we see he . paul ( surprise ) hey , it 's you . rashid ( serious ) I want to give you this as a token of my appreciation . paul appreciation for what ? rashid I do not know . for help I out . paul ( eyeing tv suspiciously ) where do you get that thing ? rashid I buy it . twenty -nine ninety - five on sale at goldbaum 's tv and Radio . ( hand tv to paul , who take it in he arm . rashid smile ) well , that just about take care of it , I guess . you will be able to watch the ball game . you know , as a little break from you work . ( begins to leave ) paul where the hell do you think you be go ? rashid Business appointment . I be see my broker at three o'clock . paul cut it out , will you ? just cut it out and come back here . rashid ( look at he watch . shrug ) I do not have much time . ( returns to the doorway , enter the apartment ) paul ( put tv on the stereo cabinet ) Close the door . ( rashid close the door ) sit down in that chair . ( point . rashid sit down in the chair ) now listen carefully . you aunt em come here a couple of day ago . she be sick with worry , out of she mind . we have a interesting talk about you , Thomas . do you understand what I be say ? you aunt think you be in trouble and so do I . tell I about it , kid . I want to hear all about it right now . rashid ( realize he be trap . shrug . smile weakly . look down at floor to avoid paul be gaze . when he dare to look up again , paul be still glower at he . ) you do not really want to know . paul ( impatient ) I do not , huh ? and what make you such a authority on what I want or do not want ? rashid ( sigh , defeat ) okay , okay . ( pause ) it 's all so stupid . ( pause ) there 's this guy , see . Charles clemm . the creeper , that 's what people call he . the kind of guy you do not want to cross path with . paul and ? rashid I cross path with he . that 's why I be try to stay clear of my neighborhood . to make sure I do not run into he again . paul so that 's the something you be not suppose to see , huh ? Close - up of rashid , become more animated as he talk . rashid I just happen to be walk by ... all of a sudden , the creeper and this other guy come run out of this check - cash place with mask on they face and gun in they hand ... they just about run smack into I . the creeper recognize I , and I know he know I recognize he ... if the guy from the check - cash place have not rush out then scream bloody murder , he would have shot I . I be tell you , the creeper would have shot I right there on the sidewalk . but the noise distract he , and when he turn around to see what be happen , I take off ... one more second , and I would have be dead . paul why do not you go to the police ? rashid you be joke , right ? I mean , that 's you way of try to be funny , right ? paul if they put this creeper in jail , then you would be safe . rashid the man have friend . and they be not likely to forgive I if I testify against he . paul ( think ) what make you think you will be any safer around here ? it 's only about a mile away from where you live . rashid it might not be far , but it 's another galaxy . Black be black and white be white , and never the twain shall meet . paul it look like they have meet in this apartment . rashid that 's because we do not belong anywhere . you do not fit into you world , and I do not fit into mine . we be the outcast of the universe . paul ( study rashid ) maybe . or maybe it 's the other people who do not belong . rashid let 's not get too idealistic . paul ( pause . break into a smile ) Fair enough . we would not want to get carry away , would we ? ( pause ) now call you aunt em and let she know you be alive . 40 . int : evening . paul' apartment paul and rashid be watch the Met on television . they be both smoking little cigar . paul puff on he calmly ; rashid cough after each puff of he . he be clearly not use to smoking . the television have a defective tube , the reception be poor , and every now and then one of they stand up and bang the top of the set to bring the picture back into focus . they watch the ball game in silence . Close - up of the tv screen : the batter swing . a announcer 's voice be hear describe the action . 41 . ext : late afternoon . the corner in front of the brooklyn cigar CO . auggie be alone , close up shop , look particularly scruffy and unshaven . just as he finish pull down the last metal gate , a car with Pennsylvania license plate come speed down seventh Avenue and brake to a sudden stop in front of the store . it be a ten-year - old pontiac in rather sorry shape : belching smoke , with a defective muffler and a dent body . auggie , distract by the commotion , turn and look at the car . from auggie' Pov : we look into the car and see that the driver be ruby mcnutt . she lean out the open window and address auggie in a urgent voice . ruby get in , auggie . I have get something to show you . auggie ( reluctant ) you do not give up , do you ? ruby just get in and shut up . I be not ask you to do anything . I just need you to come with I . auggie where to ? ruby ( impatient ) dammit , auggie , do not ask so many question . just get in the car . auggie shrug . ruby open the right front door of the car , and he climb in . they drive off . 42 . ext : evening . the street of brooklyn we see ruby's car as it travel through the Brooklyn evening , make its way down seventh Avenue to flatbush Avenue , then turn onto Eastern Parkway and glide past the Public Library and the Brooklyn Museum as it penetrate the slum of Crown Heights and East New York . ruby I tell she she be go to meet she father . auggie you what ? ruby it be the only way , auggie . otherwise , she be not go to let I see she . auggie I think you would better stop the car and let I out . ruby relax , okay ? you do not have to do anything . just go in there and pretend . it will not kill you to do a little favor like that . besides , you might even learn something . auggie yeah , like what ? ruby that I be not bullshit you , sweetheart . at least you will know I have be tell the truth . auggie look , I be not say you do not have a daughter . it 's just that she 's not my daughter . ruby wait till you see she , auggie . auggie and what 's that suppose to mean ? ruby she look just like you . auggie ( irritate ) cut it out . just cut it out , okay ? it 's start to get on my nerve . ruby when I tell she I be go to bring she father , she kind of melt . it 's the first time felicity 's talk nice to I since she leave home . she 's die to meet you , auggie . they drive on in silence for a few more second . by now they have enter one of the worst , most dangerous part of the city . we see break -down , board - up building , vacant lot strewn with rubble , trash scattered on the sidewalk . ruby turn down one of this street , then bring the car to a halt in front of a walk - up building with spray - paint graffiti on the outer door : kill the cop . auggie and ruby get out of the car and start walk toward the building . down the street , in the distance , we see a black man pick up a metal garbage can and throw it violently to the ground . it land with a loud crash . auggie Nice neighborhood you have bring I to . full of happy , prosperous people . 43 . int : evening . felicity's apartment Close - up of a scar green door . a knock be hear from the other side . pause . the knock be hear again . after another pause , we hear foot pad toward the door . a second later a shoulder enter the frame . this be felicity from behind . she be dress in a cheap flower robe . felicity yeah ? who be it ? ruby ( off ) it 's I , honey . it 's Mom . we see felicity be hand reach out and unbolt the lock . the door open to reveal auggie and ruby stand in the hall . they both look nervous : ruby expectant and hopeful , with a force smile on she face , auggie guard and close in on himself . cut to a close - up of felicity be face . she be a very pretty blonde of eighteen . her expression be hostile , however , and there be a waste look in she eye . we see clumsily apply rouge on she cheek , a slash of red lipstick on she lip . she run she hand through she stringy , unwash hair . cut to a close - up of auggie be face . it be impossible to know what he be think . as auggie and ruby enter the apartment , the camera back up to show the room . it be a tawdry place with little furniture : a double mattress on the floor ( the bed be unmade ) , a rickety wooden table and two chair along the far wall ( we see a box of sugar pop on the table ) , a hot plate , and a enormous color television near the mattress . the television be on , but the sound be off . image of commercial flicker in the background during the rest of the scene . the only decoration be a large black - and - white poster of Jim morrison scotch - tape to one of the wall . clothes be strewn everywhere : on the floor , on the table , on top of the television set . by the time ruby have shut the door behind she , felicity have already retreat to the other side of the room and be lighting a cigarette from a pack of newport on the table . no one say anything . a awkward silence as felicity glare at she mother and auggie . ruby ( finally ) well ? felicity well what ? ruby be not you go to say anything ? felicity what do you want I to say ? ruby I do not know . hello , mom. hello , dad . something like that . felicity ( take a drag on she cigarette , look auggie up and down . then , turn to ruby ) I do not get no daddy , you dig ? I get bear last week when some dog fuck you up the ass . auggie ( muttering under he breath ) Jesus Christ . this be all I need . ruby ( try to ignore the viciousness of she daughter 's remark ) you tell I you want to meet he . well , here he be . felicity yeah , I might have say that . chico tell I to see what he be like , maybe there would be some dough in it for we . well , now I have see he , and I can not say I be too impressed . ( pause . turn to auggie ) hey , mister . be you rich or what ? auggie ( disgust ) yeah , I be a millionaire . I walk around in disguise because I be ashamed of all my money . ruby ( to felicity . imploringly ) be nice , sweetie . we be just here to help you . felicity ( snap back ) help ? what the fuck do I need you help for ? I have get a man , do not I ? that 's more than you can say for yourself , hawkeye . auggie hey , hey , do not talk to you mother like that . felicity ( crush out she cigarette on the table . ignoring auggie be remark , to she mother ) you be tell I you actually go to bed with this guy ? you be tell I you actually let he fuck you ? ruby ( mortify , struggle not to lose she composure ) you can do whatever you want with you own life . we be think of the baby , that 's all . we want you to get yourself clean up for the baby . before it 's too late . felicity baby ? and what baby be that ? ruby you baby . the baby you be carry around inside you . felicity yeah , well , there be not no baby in there now . you dig ? there 's nothing in there now . ruby what be you talk about ? felicity a abortion , stupid . ( laugh bitterly ) I have a abortion the day before yesterday . so you do not have to bug I about that shit anymore . ( laugh again . defiantly , almost to herself ) bye-bye , baby ! auggie ( take hold of ruby be arm . ruby be about to break into tear ) come on , let 's get out of here . I have have enough . ruby shrug off auggie be hand and go on look at she daughter . as felicity speak , the camera close in on she face . felicity yeah , that 's right , you better go . chico will be back any minute , and I be sure you boyfriend do not want to mess with he . chico 's a real man . not some scuzzy dickhead you find in last month 's garbage . do you hear what I be say ? he will chop up Mr. dad here into little piece . that 's a promise . he will kick the live shit out of he . 44 . int : day . paul' apartment it be morning . rashid be prepare a pot of coffee in the kitchenette . paul stumble out of the bathroom , wiping he face with a towel . he have just wake up and be still groggy . he approach the table . paul ah , coffee . smell good . rashid ( handing he a cup ) one sip of this stuff and you eye will blast open . paul ( take the cup and sit down ) thanks . ( begins to drink ) rashid what time do you get to bed last night ? paul I do not know . two or three . it be pretty late . rashid you work too hard , you know that ? paul once a story get hold of you , it 's hard to let go . ( pause ) besides , I be make up for lose time . rashid just so you do not overdo it . you do not want to die of sleep deprivation before you finish . paul ( almost to himself . look up at the photo of ellen on the wall ) if you do not sleep , you do not dream . if you do not dream , you do not have nightmare . rashid that 's logical . and if you do not sleep , you do not need a bed . save you money , too . ( pause ) so what 's this story you be work on , anyway ? paul if I tell you , I might not be able to finish it . rashid come on , just a little hint . paul ( smiling at rashid be eagerness . pause ) okay , just a little hint . I can not tell you the story , but I will tell you what give I the idea for it . rashid the inspiration . paul yeah , right . the inspiration . it 's a true story anyway , so I do not suppose it can hurt , can it ? rashid no way . paul all right . listen carefully . ( the camera slowly move in for a close - up of paul be face ) about twenty - five year ago , a young man go ski alone in the alp . there be a avalanche , the snow swallow he up , and he body be never recover . rashid ( mockingly ) the end . paul no , not the end . the beginning . ( pause ) his son be just a little boy at the time , but the year pass , and when he grow up , he become a skier , too . one day last winter , he go out by himself for a run down the mountain . he get halfway to the bottom and then stop to eat he lunch next to a big rock . just as he 's unwrap he cheese sandwich , he look down and see a body freeze in the ice -- right there at he foot . he bend down to take a closer look , and suddenly he feel that he 's look into a mirror , that he 's look at himself . there he be -- dead -- and the body be perfectly intact , seal away in a block of ice -- like someone preserve in suspend animation . he get down on all four , look right into the dead man 's face , and realize that he 's look at he father . cut to rashid be face . we see he listen intently . paul ( cont would ) ( off ) and the strange thing be that the father be young than the son be now . the boy have become a man , and it turn out that he 's older than he own father . the camera hold on rashid be face . after a moment : paul ( off ) so what be you go to do today ? rashid ( shrug ) read , think , do some drawing if I get in the mood . he point to the coffee table : we see the sketch pad and a paperback copy of Shakespeare 's othello . rashid ( cont would ) but tonight I be go to celebrate . that 's definite . paul celebrate ? what for ? rashid it 's my birthday . I be seventeen year old ( look at wristwatch ) as of forty - seven minute ago , and I think I should celebrate have make it this far . paul ( raising coffee cup ) hey , hey . happy birthday . why do not you tell I ? rashid ( deadpan ) I just do . paul I mean earlier . we could have plan something . Close - up of rashid be face . rashid I do not like plan . I prefer to take thing as they come . 45 . int : late afternoon . the bookstore a small , cluttere independent bookshop . the scene begin with a close - up of the clerk 's face : april lee , a eurasian woman in she mid - to late twenty . she be sit behind the front counter with a open book before she . her expression be puzzle , search , as if she have just remember or recognize something , but can not quite figure out what it be . we see she look toward the back of the store , strain to listen in on paul and rashid be conversation . rashid ( off ) here we be . ( pause ) rembrandt 's drawing . Edward Hopper . Van gogh 's letter . paul ( off ) pick two or three . now that the coffer be open , you might as well take advantage of I . as paul and rashid start walk back in the direction of the counter , april lower she gaze and pretend to be read . we see paul and rashid enter the field of the camera from behind . paul put a small pile of art book on the counter . paul we will take this , please . april look up : she eye meet paul be . they study each other for a brief moment -- a significant exchange that do not escape rashid be notice . april will that be cash or charge ? paul ( take out he wallet and look inside ) better make it charge . ( remove the credit card and hand it to april ) april ( look at he card , smile ) I think I recognize you . you be Paul Benjamin the writer , be not you ? paul ( both pleased and surprised ) I confess . april I keep wait for the next novel to come out . anything in the work ? rashid ( but in , with enthusiasm ) it 's come along . at the rate he 's go , he will have a story finish by the end of the summer . april wonderful . when you next book be publish , maybe you could come into the store and do a signing . I be sure we could get a lot of people to show up . paul ( still stare at april ) uh , actually , I tend to shy away from that kind of thing . rashid ( to april ) Excuse I for ask , but you be not marry , be you ? april ( taken aback ) what ! rashid perhaps I should rephrase the question . what I mean to say be , be you marry or seriously involved with a significant other ? april ( still astonished . burst out laugh ) no ! at least I do not think I be ! rashid ( smiling with satisfaction ) good . then may I have the honor of extend a invitation to you ? april a invitation ? Close - up of paul , listen to the exchange between rashid and april . rashid yes , a invitation . I apologize for spring it on you at the last minute , but Mr. Benjamin and I be attend a celebration tonight , and we would be most pleased if you choose to accompany we . ( look at paul ) be not that right , Mr. Benjamin ? paul ( break into a broad smile ) absolutely . we would be honore . april ( smiling ) and what 's the occasion of this celebration ? rashid it 's my birthday . april and how many people will be attend this birthday party ? rashid I would not actually call it a party . it 's more along the line of a dinner in celebration of my birthday . ( pause ) the guest list be quite restrict . so far , there 's Mr. Benjamin and myself . if you accept , that would make three of we . april ( ironic . with a crafty smile ) ah-hah , I see . a cozy dinner . but be not threesome a little awkward ? how do the phrase go -- rashid Three 's a crowd . yes , I be aware of that . but I have to keep a eye on Mr. Benjamin wherever he go . to make sure he do not get himself into trouble . april and what be you , he chaperone ? rashid ( with a straight face ) actually , I be he father . april burst out laugh , amused by the mount silliness of the conversation . paul it 's true . most people assume I be he father . it 's a logical assumption -- give that I be older than he be and so on . but the fact be , it 's the other way around . he 's my father , and I be he son . Close - up of april be face . she be still laugh . cut to : 46 . int : evening . chinese restaurant in brooklyn in the background , we see a number of other customer . at one table , a chinese family be celebrate a birthday . toward the end of the scene , they all get up to pose for a group photograph . paul , rashid , and april be sit together at a round table . they be in the middle of they meal . paul so you mother grow up in shanghai ? april until she be twelve . she move here in ' forty - nine . paul and you father ? be he from New York ? april ( smiling ) muncie , Indiana . he and my mother meet as student . but I be from Brooklyn . my sister and I be all bear and breed right here . paul just like I . rashid like I , too . april I once read somewhere that one quarter of all the people in the United States have at least one relative who have live in Brooklyn at one time or another . rashid no wonder it 's such a screw - up place . paul ( to april ) and the bookstore ? have you be work there long ? april it 's just a summer job . something to help pay the bill while I finish my dissertation . paul you dissertation ? what subject do you study ? april american literature . what else ? paul what else . of course , what else ? and what be you write about for you thesis ? april ( with mock pomposity ) vision of utopia in nineteenth - century american fiction . paul wow . you do not fool around , do you ? april ( smiling ) of course I fool around . but not so much when it come to my work , it 's true . ( pause ) have you ever read Pierre , or the ambiguity ? paul melville , huh ? ( smile ) it 's be a while . april that 's the subject of my last chapter . paul not a easy book . april which explain why this have not be the easiest summer of my life . rashid all the more reason to let 'er rip tonight , sweetheart . ( raise glass ) you know , go for the gusto . april clink she glass with rashid and laugh merrily as paul look on and smile . cut to : 47 . int : night . a bar in brooklyn a noisy , crowded blue-collar hangout . april , paul , and rashid be stand together , look rather tipsy . they be engage in animated three - way conversation , but we can not hear they voice over the din . a song be play on the jukebox ( " downtown train , " by Tom wait ) . april ask paul to dance . he agree . as they dance , rashid look on . even though the rhythm of the song be fast , paul and april dance slowly , tentatively , not quite sure how to behave with each other . after a moment , auggie emerge from the back room with violet , he flashy girlfriend , hang on he arm . they be both plaster . auggie ( drunk , smile ) hey , man , good to see you . paul this be April Lee , auggie . April , say hello to auggie wren . april ( smiling ) hello , auggie wren . auggie ( affect the voice of a cowboy , tipping a imaginary hat ) howdy , miss April . I be right pleased to make you acquaintance . ( turn to violet ) and this pretty little lady here be miss vi-o-let sanchez de jalapeño , the hot chili pepper this side of the Rio Grande . ai not that so , baby ? violet ees so , auggie . and you not so cold , neither . eh , baby ? paul , april , and rashid nod hello to violet . auggie so , what bring you to a dive like this ? paul ( gesture with thumb to rashid ; address auggie ) it 's he birthday so we decide to whoop it up a little . auggie ( to rashid ) how old , kid ? rashid seventeen . auggie seventeen ? I remember when I be seventeen . Christ , I be one little whacked - out son-of - a- bitch when I be seventeen . be that what you be , son ? one little whacked - out crazy fella ? rashid ( with feign seriousness , nodd ) definitely . I would say you have hit the nail on the head . auggie good . keep it up , and maybe one day you will grow up and become a great man like I . ( burst out laugh ) paul put he arm around auggie , address he in quieter tone . as they talk , april and violet look each other up and down , smile awkwardly . rashid strain to hear what paul and auggie be say to each other . paul hey , auggie , I have just be think . you would not need some help around the store , would you ? some summer help while vinnie 's go ? auggie ( think ) help ? hmm . it 's possible . what do you have in mind ? paul I be think about the kid . I be sure he would do a good job for you . auggie ( look up and study rashid ) hey , kid . you interested in a job ? I just get word from you employment agency that you be look for a position in retail sale . rashid a job ? ( pause . look at paul ) I definitely would not turn down a job . auggie come around to the cigar store tomorrow morning at ten o'clock and we will talk about it , okay ? we will see what we can work out . rashid ten o'clock tomorrow morning . I will be there . paul ( pat auggie on the back ) I owe you one . do not forget . 48 . int : day . paul' apartment Morning . paul and rashid sit at the table , eat breakfast . rashid be wear a red T-shirt with the word " FIRE " emblazon on the back in white letter . we catch they in mid-conversation . paul it 's 1942 , right ? and he 's catch in leningrad during the siege . I be talk about one of the worst moment in human history . five hundred thousand people die in that one place , and there 's bakhtin , hole up in a apartment , expect to be kill any day . he have plenty of tobacco , but no paper to roll it in . so he take the page of a manuscript he 's be work on for ten year and tear they up to roll he cigarettes . rashid ( incredulous ) his only copy ? paul his only copy . ( pause ) I mean , if you think you be go to die , what 's more important , a good book or a good smoke ? and so he huffed and he puffed , and little by little he smoke he book . rashid ( thinks , then smile ) Nice try . you have I go for a second , but no ... no writer would ever do a thing like that . ( slight pause . look at paul ) would he ? paul ( amuse ) you do not believe I , huh ? ( stands up from the table and begin walk to the bookcase ) look , I will show you . it 's all in this book . paul stand on a chair and reach for a book on the top shelf . in do so , he catch sight of the paper bag rashid plant there in scene 15 . he study it in bewilderment , then pick it up and dangle it in the air as he turn toward rashid . paul ( cont would ) what 's this ? rashid ( squirm with embarrassment ) I do not know . paul be it yours ? rashid yeah , it might be . paul ( shrug , not want to make a issue of it ) here , catch . paul toss the bag in rashid be direction . the bag break open in midair , and a shower of twenty - , fifty - , and hundred - dollar bill rain down from the ceiling . paul be stunne ; rashid be watch the world crumble before he eye . fade out . 49 . int : day . paul' apartment ( later ) fade in . a few minute later . paul and rashid be sit at the table again , the money stack in neat pile between they . again , we catch they in mid-conversation . paul so you be say it be not like that at all . rashid not exactly . I mean , there be more to it than I tell you . paul Christ . you do not just see what happen . they drop the package on the ground and you pick it up . rashid yeah , I pick it up . paul and start to run . rashid and start to run . paul ( sarcastic ) good think . rashid that 's just it . I do not think . I just do it . paul you have one hell of a knack for get into trouble , do not you ? ( pause , gesture to the money ) so how much do it come to ? rashid six thousand dollar . five thousand eight hundred and fourteen dollar , to be exact . paul ( shake he head , try to absorb this new turn of event ) so you rob the robber , and now the robber be after you . rashid that 's it . in a nutshell . paul yeah , well , you have to be nut to do what you do . if you want my opinion , you should give this money back to the creeper . just give it back and tell he you be sorry . rashid ( shake he head ) no way . there 's no way I be give that money back . it 's my money now . paul a lot of good it will do you if the creeper find you . rashid ( stubbornly ) that money be my whole future . paul keep up with that attitude , and you will not have a future . ( pause ) seventeen be a hell of a age to die . be that what you want ? Close - up of rashid be face . fade out . 50 . int : day . the brooklyn cigar CO . we see rashid mop the floor . he finish up and carry the mop to the bathroom behind the cash register and put it in the bucket that be sit in the sink . he turn on the tap and rinse the mop . just to the side of the sink , there be two open cardboard box on the floor . we catch a glimpse of the content : box of montecrist ( Cuban cigar ) . auggie be shipment from Miami have arrive . rashid turn off the tap , but the water continue to trickle out in a small stream into the bucket . rashid do not notice . rashid return to the counter . auggie be stand by the door get ready to go out . for the first time , he be clean -shaven , he hair be comb , and he be wear dress - up clothes : a bright red plaid sport jacket , white slack , etc . the effect be strange , laughable . auggie I will be back in about a hour . watch the register while I be go , okay ? rashid sure thing . see you later . auggie wave goodbye and leave . cut to the bathroom . Close - up of the bucket in the sink . the water be overflow , spilling onto the box of Cuban cigar . cut to the store . rashid be sit behind the counter , study a picture of a naked woman in penthouse magazine . cut to bathroom . Close - up of water inundate the Cuban cigar . cut to store . Close - up of rashid gape at the photograph . we hear he groan softly . rashid ( muttering to himself ) Jesus God , save I . dissolve . the jarring noise of the door open . rashid hastily close the magazine and stashes it under the counter . auggie enter the store with two middle - age man in dark , pin-stripe suit : he lawyer - customer for the Cuban cigar . auggie ( address the two lawyer as they enter . he be obviously key up . his manner be jovial , ingratiate ) it might be illegal , but it 's hard to see where the crime be if there 's no victim . no harm do , right ? first lawyer this be what it must have feel like to go to a speakeasy during prohibition second lawyer forbidden pleasure , eh ? auggie ( to rashid ) much business while I be go ? rashid a little . not much . auggie ( to the lawyer ) this way , gentleman . let 's retire to my office , shall we ? he point to the bathroom behind the counter . the camera stay on rashid as auggie and the lawyer disappear . a second later , we hear auggie explode with rage . auggie ( off ) what the fuck be go on here ! look at this ! the goddamn place be flood ! Holy fuck shit ! look at this ! look at this goddamn mess ! 51 . int : day . paul' apartment Close - up of rashid be face . he be in tear . paul ( off ) so you lose the job . be that what you be tell I ? he just up and fire you ? rashid ( scarcely able to speak ) it be more complicated than that . there be a reason . paul ( off ) well ? rashid it be not my fault . paul ( off ) ( irritate ) if you do not tell I what happen , how do you expect I to know that ? I need fact , not opinion . rashid ( struggle to speak , fight back the tear ) the water be drip , see ... I turn it off , but it be still drip , and then auggie have to go out , and so I leave the back room ... and later on ... well , later on ... when auggie come back ... the whole place be flood . his Cuban cigar get all mess up ... you know , soak through ... just when he be about to sell they ... to this rich guy in suit .... shot of paul stand in the middle of the room look at rashid , who be sit on the bed . paul Cuban cigar . you mean he have some hanky - panky go with that guy ? rashid I suppose so . he never tell I about it . paul no wonder he be angry . rashid he be out five thousand buck , he say .... he keep say it over and over .... five thousand buck down the drain .... he would not stop .... five thousand buck , five thousand buck .... he be like out of he mind with that five thousand buck .... silence . paul pace about the room , think . he sit down in a chair by the table . thinks some more . paul here 's what you be go to do . you be go to open up you backpack , take out you bag of money , count out five thousand dollar , and hand it over to auggie . rashid ( appall ) what be you talk about ? ( pause ) you can not be serious . paul I be serious , all right . you have get to square it with auggie . since you will not give the money back to the creeper , you can use it to make thing right with auggie . that 's probably better anyway . better to keep you friend than to worry about you enemy . rashid ( stubbornly . Fresh tear fall down he cheek ) I be not go to do it . paul you will do it , all right . you fuck up , you have get to undo the damage . that 's how it work , buster . if you do not do it , I be go to throw you out of here . do you understand I ? if you do not pay auggie what you owe he . I be finish with you . rashid I pay auggie , and I have get nothing . eight hundred buck and a ticket to shit City . paul do not worry about it . you have get friend now , remember ? just behave yourself , and everything will work out . 52 . int : night . a bar in brooklyn auggie be sit alone at the bar , smoking a cigarette and drink a beer . he look disgust : mutter to himself , swear under he breath . Business be slow , and the place be almost empty . paul and rashid enter and approach auggie at the bar . rashid be carry a brown paper bag . auggie gesture with he head for they to follow he into the back room . cut to : the three of they take they seat at a table in the back room . a long , awkward pause . paul the kid 's sorry , auggie . auggie ( scowl , fiddle with the napkin on the table ) yeah , well , I be sorry too . ( pause ) it take I three year to save up that five thousand buck , and now I be break . I can not hardly pay for this beer . not to speak of have my credibility destroy . do you understand what I be say ? my credibility . so yeah , I be sorry , too . about as sorry as I have ever be in my whole fuck life . paul he 's get something to tell you , auggie . auggie if he 's get something to tell I , why do not he tell it to I himself ? without say a word , rashid lift the bag off he knee and put it on the table in front of auggie . auggie eye the bag suspiciously . rashid it 's for you . auggie for I ? and what be I suppose to do with a paper bag ? rashid open it . auggie ( take a peek inside ) what be this , some kind of joke ? rashid no , it 's five thousand dollar . auggie ( disgust ) shit . I do not want you money , you little twerp . ( peek inside the paper bag again ) it 's probably steal anyway . rashid what do you care where it come from ? it 's yours . auggie and why the hell would you give I money ? rashid so I can get my job back . auggie you job ? you have get five thousand buck . what do you want a piece - of - shit job like that for ? rashid to look at the dirty magazine . I can see all the naked woman I want , and it do not cost I a cent . auggie you be a dumb , whacked - out little fuck , do you know that ? auggie push the bag toward rashid . without hesitate for a second , rashid push the bag back toward auggie . paul do not be a ass , auggie . he 's try to make it up to you , can not you see that ? auggie ( sigh , shake head , peek into bag again ) he 's crazy . paul no , he 's not . you be . auggie ( shrug . begins to crack a smile ) you be right . I just be not sure you know . paul it 's write all over you like a neon sign . now say something nice to rashid to make he feel better . auggie ( peek into the bag again . smile ) fuck you , kid . rashid ( beginning to smile ) fuck you , too , you white son-of -a-bitch . paul ( pause . he laugh . then , slapping he hand on the table ) good . I be glad that 's settle ! 53 . int : day . paul' apartment paul be alone at he desk , type . the key suddenly stick , jam up . paul ( spread he hand in front of he face and address he finger ) pay attention , boy . look sharp . 54 . int : day . paul' apartment several hour later . as before : paul alone at he desk , type . a loud knock be hear at the door . paul continue type . another loud knock on the door . paul sigh , stand up from he desk , and leave the workroom . shot of paul walk through the big room and open the front door . two black man be stand in the hallway . one be very large , in he mid-thirty ; the other be small , in he twenty . they be Charles clemm , the creeper , and he sidekick , roger goodwin . creeper Mr. Benjamin , I presume ? before paul can respond , creeper and goodwin push they way past he into the apartment . goodwin slam the door behind he . paul back up nervously . he position himself by the window that look down at the street . goodwin you get a security problem in this building , you know that ? the lock on that door downstairs be bust . creeper not a good idea in this troubled time . you never know what kind of trash might wander in off the street . paul ( nervous ) I will talk to the landlord about it tomorrow . goodwin you do that . do not want no unpleasant surprise , do you ? paul ( look they over ) and who do I have the pleasure of talk to now ? creeper pleasure ? ( laugh ) I would not call this pleasure , funny man . I would say it 's more in the nature of business . paul it do not matter . I know who you be anyway . ( pause ) you be the creeper , be not you ? creeper ( indignant ) the what ? goodwin ( whipping out a .45 automatic and point it at paul ) ai not nobody call Charles by that name to he face . ( grab paul be arm and put he in a hammerlock ) understand ? paul ( grunting in pain ) sure , I understand . before goodwin can do any real violence , the creeper wave he off . at that moment , paul glance out the window . shot of rashid down on the street , approach the building . shot from rashid be Pov : we see paul upstairs with he back to the window , move he hand with a shooing gesture , try to warn rashid of the danger . another shot of rashid be face , puzzle . another shot from rashid be Pov : the creeper be head enter the picture . another shot of rashid : he take off , run down the street . as all this happen we hear the follow : creeper ( off ) let I tell you the business we be here about . we want you cooperation in help we locate a certain party . we know he 's be stay here , so we do not want no denial about it , understand ? paul what party be you look for ? goodwin ( off ) Little Tommy Cole . a homeboy with a brain the size of a pea . paul ( off ) ( stall ) Tommy Cole ? never hear of he . by now , rashid be go . shot of paul be face . he glance over he shoulder at the street below . shot of the street : no sight of rashid anywhere . follow by a shot of paul , creeper , and goodwin stand in the room . creeper I be not sure you hear I the first time . we know that boy 's be here . paul you might think you know , but you have get the wrong information . I never hear of anyone name Tommy Cole . goodwin ( strol about the room . see rashid be sketch pad on coffee table ) lookee here , Charles . ai not cousin Tommy fond of doodling ? he pick up the pad , flip through it , and then start rip up the drawing and toss they on the floor . paul hey , what the hell be you do ? before goodwin answer , creeper come close to paul and without any warning deliver a fast , powerful punch to he stomach . paul double over in pain and fall to the floor . creeper so what 's it go to be , funny man ? do you cooperate , or do we send you to the hospital ? goodwin ( walk toward the bookcase , address paul over he shoulder ) hope you get some good Blue Cross , baby . goodwin suddenly start pull book off the shelf and sweeping they violently onto the floor . 55 . ext : day . in front of the brooklyn cigar CO . auggie be stand with he arm on jimmy rose be shoulder . we catch they in mid-conversation . auggie be talk ; jimmy be do he best to follow he : look down at the ground and nodd , surreptitiously pick he nose . as they talk , we see paul walk down the street in they direction . he be limping : one side of he face be bandage , he leave arm be in a sling . auggie ... if it happen , it happen . if it do not , it do not . do you understand what I be say ? you never know what 's go to happen next , and the moment you think you know , that 's the moment you do not know a goddamn thing . that 's what we call a paradox . be you follow I ? jimmy sure , auggie . I follow . when you do not know nothing , it 's like paradise . I know what that be . it 's after you be dead and you go up to heaven and sit with the angel . auggie ( about to correct jimmy when he spot paul approach the corner ) Jesus , man , you be one fuck mess . paul ( shrug ) it could have be worse . if the cop have not come , I might not be stand here now . auggie cop ? you mean they nab that crud ? paul no. the ... uh ... the bobbsey twin light out when they hear the siren . but at least they stop play that marimba duet on my skull . ( pause . smile ) assaultus interruptus . auggie ( study paul be wound ) fuckus my assus . they do some number on you . paul for once in my life I manage to keep my mouth shut . there 's something to be say for that , I suppose . jimmy , who have be watch paul intently since he arrival , gently and hesitantly raise he hand and touch paul be bruise face . paul wince slightly . jimmy do it hurt ? auggie of course it hurt . what do it look like ? jimmy ( quietly ) I think maybe he be pretend . paul ( to auggie ) you have not hear from rashid , have you ? auggie not a peep . paul I speak to he aunt a couple of day ago , but she have not hear from he either . it 's beginning to get a little scary . auggie that could be a good sign , though . it could mean that he get away . paul or do not . ( pause ) there 's no way of know , be there ? 56 . ext : day . a brooklyn STREET we see paul walk down the street , return home . he spot a young black man from behind . he be wear the same red " FIRE " T-shirt that rashid be wear in scene 48 . paul , grow excited , limp forward to catch up with he . once he get close enough , he tap the young man on the shoulder . young man ( wheeling around as if he have be attack . angrily ) what the fuck you want , mister ? paul ( embarrass ) I be sorry . I think you be someone else . young man I be not someone else , get it ? you can go fuck yourself with you someone else . 57 . int : night . paul' apartment paul , sit in he easy chair , continue to work on he story by hand . the apartment have more or less be put back in order , but several trace of the creeper be visit remain : bit of break furniture , a pile of destroy book in one corner , etc . after a few moment , paul get up from he chair , walk over to the television set , and turn it on . we hear the crowd noise of a baseball game , the voice of the announcer describe the action , but there be no image : only a single white line across the black screen . paul mutter under he breath and pound the top of the tv . a image jump into view : a baseball game in progress . paul back up to watch . the moment he step back , the image vanish . once again we see the white line across the black screen . paul step forward and pound the tv again . nothing happen . he pound again , and still the white line remain . the camera move in slowly for a close - up of the tv screen . the camera travel through it , into the darkness . after a moment we hear the click of paul be keyboard . the sound of type resonate in the void . 58 . ext : late morning . the brooklyn promenade Sunday , late morning , brilliant sunshine . against the backdrop of lower Manhattan , we see the summer weekend crowd along the promenade : old people on bench read newspaper , young couple out with they baby , girl on roller skate , boy on skateboard , bag lady , bum . travel camera . amongst the bustle of body and color , we see the Brooklyn Bridge off to the right , a spider web of cable set against the building of upper Manhattan ; to the leave we see the expanse of New York Harbor , the staten Island ferry , the statue of Liberty . auggie and ruby be walk along the promenade , deep in conversation . auggie be clean -shaven , he hair be slicked back , and he be wear he white pants and a bright red Hawaiian shirt . ruby be wear sunglass , black toreador pants , and spike heel . auggie so you be just go to give up and go home ? ruby I do not have much choice , do I ? it 's pretty clear she do not want I around . auggie ( thinks ) still , you can not just write she off . ruby yeah ? and what else be I suppose to do ? there 's no baby anymore , and if she want to throw away she life , that 's she business . auggie she 's just a kid . there 's time for more baby later . after she grow up . ruby dream on , auggie . she will be lucky to make it to she nineteenth birthday . auggie not if you get she into one of that rehab program . ruby I would never be able to talk she into it . and even if I could , that thing cost money . and that 's just what I do not have . I be flat out dead break . auggie no you be not . ruby ( she stop ) be you call I a liar ? I be tell you I be break . I do not even have insurance on my goddamn car . auggie ( ignoring she remark ) remember that business venture I be tell you about ? well , my tugboat come in . I be flush . ruby ( pout ) bully for you . auggie no , bully for you . he reach into he pocket , pull out a long white envelope , and hand it to ruby . ruby what 's this ? auggie why do not you open it and find out ? ruby ( open the envelope . it be fill with cash ) Jesus God , auggie . there 's money in here . auggie five thousand buck . ruby ( incredulous ) and you be give it to I ? auggie it 's all yours , baby . ruby ( move , to the point of tear ) for keep ? auggie for keep . ruby ( now cry in earnest ) I can not believe it . oh God , I can not believe it . ( pause , to catch she breath ) you be a angel , auggie . a angel from heaven . she try to put she arm around he , but auggie squirm away . auggie fuck this angel shit . just take the dough , Ruby . but no bawling , okay ? I can not stand people who blubber . ruby I be sorry , baby . I can not help it . ruby pull a handkerchief from she purse and blow she nose , honk loudly . auggie light a cigarette . after a moment they start walk again . auggie there 's just one thing I want to know . ruby ( more compose ) anything , auggie . just name it . auggie stop walk . auggie felicity . ( pause ) she 's not my daughter , be she ? Long pause . Close - up of ruby be face . ruby I do not know , auggie . she might be . then again , she might not . mathematically speak , there 's a fifty - fifty chance . it 's you call . Close - up of auggie be face . after a moment , he begin to smile . fade out . 59 . ext : day . seventh avenue we see paul walk down the crowded street with a manila envelope tuck under he arm . 60 . int : day . the bookstore we see april behind the counter . she be ringing up a sale for a customer , a indian woman dress in a sari . paul enter the store and approach the counter . when april look up and notice who it be , she face brighten -- then instantly show alarm at the sight of paul be wound and bandage . she completely forget about the customer . april Jesus , what happen to you ? paul ( shrugge it off ) it look worse than it be . I be okay . april what happen ? paul I will tell you all about it ... ( glancing around the store ) ... but not here . april ( pause . shyly ) it 's be a while . I think maybe you would be in touch . paul yeah , well , I have sort of be out of commission . ( pause ) how 's melville ? april almost do . a week or ten day , and I will be there . customer ( grow impatient ) miss , could I have my change , please ? april oh , I be sorry . ( hand the woman she change ) customer and my book . april sorry . ( she slip the book -- portrait of a Lady -- into a bag and give it to the woman ) the customer leave , glance over she shoulder with a disapprove look at april and paul . paul ( extend the manila envelope to april ) I finish my story . I think you might want to take a look at it . april ( take the envelope -- and at the same moment understanding the significance of paul be gesture . she begin to smile ) I would love to . paul good . I hope you like it . it be a long time in come . april ( glancing at she watch ) I get off for lunch in ten minute . can I treat you to a hamburger ? paul ( awkwardly ) uh ... actually , it might be better if you read the story first . call I when you be finish , okay ? april ( a bit mystify , but put a good face on she disappointment ) okay . I will read it tonight and call you tomorrow . ( weigh the envelope in she hand ) it do not seem to be too long . paul forty -one page . another customer -- a young white man of about twenty -- appear at the counter with a copy of on the Road . paul begin back toward the door . paul ( cont would ) you will not forget to call ? april I will not forget . I promise . 61 . int : night . paul' apartment the telephone ring -- two , three , four time -- but no one be there to answer it . cut to : 62 int : night . the brooklyn cigar CO . shot of the empty store . we hear a telephone ringing in the distance . 63 . int : night . auggie' apartment auggie be sit alone at he kitchen table , remove recently develop photograph from a yellow kodak envelope . the 1990 album lie open on the table before he . one by one , auggie affix a small white label to the lower- right -hand corner of each image , carefully mark the date on each label with a pen : 7- 30 - 90 , 7-31 - 90 ; 8 - 1 - 90 ; etc . then , one by one , he slip each photo into its appropriate place in the album . auggie smoke a cigarette , hum a song under he breath , sip from a glass of bourbon . he look like a beachcomber : unshaven , tousle hair , bare - chest , wear a pair of baggy short . the telephone be ringing . not to be rush , auggie slide another photo into its place , take a sip of he drink , and then , finally , answer the phone . auggie Bureau of miss person . sergeant fosdick . ( pause . listen ) well , blow I down . Peter rabbit 's alive . ( pause . listen ) yeah , that 's cool . no problem . ( pause. listen ) danzinger Road , peekskill . ( pause . listen ) yeah , I get it . I do not need no pencil . ( pause . listen ) how the hell do I know ? I can not help it if he 's not answer he phone . ( pause . listen ) so you be the one who call the cop , huh ? good work . ( pause . listen ) yeah , I mean it . good work . it probably save he skin . ( pause . listen ) you get that right . bad . you owe he a lot , keemosabbe . ( pause . listen ) no , not tomorrow . I have to work , chuckle brain -- remember ? ( pause . listen ) no , not Saturday either . Sunday . ( pause . listen ) yeah . right. okay . ( smile ) yeah , and kiss my ass , too . ( pause . listen . smile again ) you , too . ( hang up the phone ) 64 . ext : day . paul' STREET Sunday morning . paul and auggie be walk together on the sidewalk . paul be carry rashid be backpack . paul so what do he say when he call ? auggie nothing much . he say he sock and underpant be dirty , and would we mind drive up with he thing . ( pause ) Fucking kid , huh ? they take you for grant every time . auggie stop in front of a car park at the curb : a fifteen - year - old red coupe de ville . paul ( impress ) Nice machine , auggie . where would you find it ? auggie it 's Tommy 's . the sucker owed I a favor . auggie unlock the door on the passenger side , then walk around the car to unlock the door on the driver 's side . paul ( open the door ) it 's not a long drive . a hour , a hour and a half . we will be back in time for dinner . auggie we would better be . I have not spend a night out of Brooklyn in fourteen year , and I be not about to break my record now . besides , I have get to be on my corner at eight sharp tomorrow morning . they both climb into the car . auggie start up the engine . cut to : 65 . int / ext : day . peekskill . cole's garage we see rashid painting the wall in the upstairs room . the room have be transformed since the last time we see it . it be entirely bare now and neat as a pin . with each touch of white paint that rashid apply to the wall , the look of the place improve . he work with care , proud of what he have accomplish so far . suddenly : the noise of a car down below . rashid go to the open window and look out . cut to : from rashid be Pov : we see cyrus , doreen , and junior pull up in the blue Ford . they get out . doreen be carry a large picnic cooler . cyrus open the back door and unbuckle junior from he seat . rashid ( off ) ( mumbling , alarm in he voice ) oh , Jesus . what be they do here on Sunday ? doreen ( waving up to rashid ) hi , Paul . we decide to have a picnic . want to join we ? cut to rashid at the window : rashid uh , yeah , sure . ( pause ) just a minute . I will be down in a minute . cut to rashid in the upstairs room . he crouch down , put the brush he have be work with on top of the open paint can , and begin wiping he hand with a rag when , suddenly , the noise of another car be hear down below . rashid stand up to have a look . cut to : from rashid be Pov : we see the red coupe de ville limping into the station with a flat tire . the car stop . paul and auggie climb out . cut to : Close - up of rashid , look out the window . his face register panic , alarm . rashid Jesus Christ ! he begin run toward the door , hope to get downstairs to paul and auggie before cyrus can reach they . in he haste , he kick over the open paint bucket . the scene end with a close - up of white paint ooze over the bare wood floor . 66 . ext : day . in front of cole's garage shot of cyrus , doreen , and junior by the picnic table , unpack they lunch . the camera pan from cyrus -- beginning to walk toward paul and auggie -- to paul and auggie , who be stand by the gas pump . we see paul and auggie look in the direction of the office , smile beginning to form on they face . at the precise instant cyrus get to they , rashid enter the frame , panting hard from he dash down the stair . paul ( to rashid ) hi , kid . rashid ( look at paul be wound and bandage . he be shocked ) wow . they sure do a job on you . paul Research . I work the scene right into my story . ( pause ) that make the medical bill one hundred percent tax deductible . auggie ( under he breath ) try sell that one to the IRS . cyrus ( watch the exchange with a confuse look on he face . to rashid ) you know this man ? ( gesture to the flat tire ) I think we have some customer . auggie yeah , he know we . but you have also get some customer . ( wheel around and kick the coupe de ville ) Fucking Tommy . leave it to he to drive around with bald tire . paul we come here to deliver some clean laundry . rashid ( to cyrus ) it 's all right . I really do know they . cyrus ( still confuse , but try to be friendly ) I be the owner here . Cyrus Cole . ( extends he right hand to auggie ) auggie ( shake cyrus be hand ) augustus wren . cyrus extend he right hand to paul . paul ( shake cyrus be hand ) Paul Benjamin . cut to close - up of rashid be face . the sky have just fall on top of he . cyrus ( more confuse than ever . turn to rashid ) that 's funny . his name be the same as yours . rashid ( in a panic ) well , you and junior have the same name , too , do not you ? cyrus yeah , but he 's my son . nothing strange about that . he 's my own flesh and blood . but here you get the same name as this man here , and you be not even the same color . rashid ( improvise ) that 's how we meet . we be member of the International same name Club . believe it or not , there be 846 Paul benjamin in America . but only two in the New York metropolitan area . that 's how Paul and I get to be such good friend . we be the only one who show up at the meeting . auggie ( disgust ) you be full of crap , kid . why do not you just come clean and tell the man who you be ? by now , draw by curiosity , doreen have come over to where the four man be stand . she be carry junior in she arm . cyrus ( turn to paul ) what the hell 's go on , mister ? paul ( shrug , gesture to rashid ) you better ask he . auggie yeah , rashid baby , spill it . doreen ( in a loud voice ) rashid ? paul ( to doreen ) sometimes . it 's what you would call a nom de guerre . cyrus ( more and more confuse ) what the hell be we talk about ? auggie ( to rashid ) come on . tell he you real name . the name on you birth certificate . Close - up of rashid be face . his lower lip be tremble . tear be beginning to form in he eye . rashid ( almost inaudibly ) Thomas . cyrus Paul . rashid . Thomas . which one be it ? rashid Thomas . auggie ( impatient ) come on , come on , you yellow belly . the whole thing . first name and last name . rashid ( try to stall . tear begin to slide down he cheek ) what difference do it make ? paul if it do not make any difference , why not just say it ? rashid ( to paul , he voice break ) I be go to tell he ... but in my own time . in my own time ... . auggie no time like the present , man . cyrus ( to rashid ) well ? rashid ( blink back the tear . look at cyrus ) Thomas Cole . my name be Thomas jefferson Cole . cyrus ( thunderstruck ) be you make fun of I ? I will not be mock . do you hear I ? I will not let no punk kid stand there and mock I ! doreen ( upset ) Cyrus ! junior ( reaching out to cyrus ) dada . rashid ( stand he ground ) like it or not , Cyrus , that 's my name . Cole . just like yours . paul ( to cyrus ) now ask he who he mother be . cyrus ( beside himself ) I do not like this . I do not like it one bit . rashid louisa vail . remember she , Cyrus ? cyrus you shut you mouth ! you shut you mouth now ! unable to control he rage , cyrus haul off and slug rashid in the face . rashid fall to the ground . auggie ( alarm ) hey , cut it out ! auggie take a wild swing and clip cyrus in the mouth . doreen , see she husband attack , give auggie a quick kick in the shin . auggie let out a yell and start hopping up and down in pain . doreen ( to auggie ) damn you . there will be none of that on my watch , you dumpy bag of shit . doreen put down junior . the little boy immediately run over to paul and whacks he on he bad arm . paul howl in pain and drop to the ground . the whole scene be quickly degenerate into chaos . in the meantime , rashid have climb back to he foot . he line up cyrus , rush toward he , and tackle he to the ground . the two of they roll around on the macadam , fight with all they strength . after a moment , it look as though cyrus be get the better of the struggle . auggie try to pull they apart , but to no avail . doreen ( cont would ) ( pound cyrus on the back with she fist ) stop it ! stop it ! you will kill he , Cyrus ! doreen be shriek voice bring the fight to a momentary halt . cyrus roll off rashid and stand up . rashid stand up as well . but the hatred between they have not subside . cyrus raise he hook . doreen ( cont would ) ( scream ) he 's you son , goddammit ! he 's you son ! do you want to kill you son ? suddenly : cyrus stop . he lower he arm and bury he face in he right hand . a moment later , he break down and weep . his sobbing make a terrible sound : pure , animal misery . he stagger around , then fall to he knee , unable to stop the tear . cut to rashid . he stand there without move , watch cyrus . he drop he arm to he side , unclench he fist . tear be pour down he cheek , he be breathe hard . Close - up of he face . fade out . 67 . ext : day . the picnic table outside cole's garage some time later . Long shot . we see everyone from the previous scene sit at the picnic table eat lunch : fry chicken , lemonade , potato chip , etc . the image have the effect of a still life . doreen be sit next to cyrus . rashid be hold junior in he arm , gently rock he as the child drink milk from a bottle with he eye close . auggie and paul be sit next to each other , eat chicken and listen to doreen ( who be the only one who have the energy to talk ) . cyrus look sullen , defeat . every once in a while , he steal a glance at rashid . rashid , however , pretend to ignore he , keep he eye fix on the sleep junior . at first we hear nothing . then the camera move in for a closer shot and we can begin to make out what doreen be say . as she speak , we see Paul reach into he pocket and take out a tin of he little cigar . he lean forward and offer one to cyrus , but cyrus reach into he own pocket and offer paul a big cigar . Paul accept and light up . cyrus then light up one of he own . doreen ... it might not have be the smartest investment , but it do not cost much , and if Cyrus can make a go of it , we will be able to take care of we need . the man know he way around car , I will tell you that , but the problem be this road be too far off the beat track . ever since they put in that mall , the traffic have not be too heavy around here . but you take the good with the bad , right ? you do you best and hope that thing work out ... Music begin to play . cut to : 68 . black screen the music continue . after a few moment , the follow word appear on the screen : " three month later . " 69 . ext : day . elevate subway , brooklyn the music continue to play . we see a elevate subway train snake along the track in the dim November light . 70 . int : day . the brooklyn cigar CO . auggie be behind the counter , wear a flannel shirt . the three otb men be there with he , as in scene 2 . jimmy enter the store and place a paper bag on the counter in front of auggie , then slide around the counter and take a seat beside auggie . jimmy study he watch . auggie remove a cup of take - out coffee from the bag . he lift off the cover and steam rise from the cup . in the meantime , we see and hear the otb men talk . tommy of course there 's gonna be a war . you think they would send five hundred thousand troops over there just to lie in the sun ? I mean , there 's plenty of beach , but not a hell of a lot of water . half a million soldier . it be not no seaside holiday , you can bet on that . jerry I do not know , Tommy . you think anyone give a rat 's ass about Kuwait ? I read something about the head sheik over there . he marries a different virgin every Friday and then divorce she on Monday . you think we want to have we kid die for a guy like that ? dennis that 's one way of uphold american value , eh , Tommy ? tommy laugh all you want . I be tell you there 's gonna be a war . with thing in Russia fall apart , that slob in the Pentagon will be out of work unless they find a new enemy . they get this Saddam character now , and they be go to hit he with all they have get . Mark my word . paul enter the store wear a scarf and leather jacket . the otb men stop talk and study he as he approach the counter . auggie ( to paul ) hey , man , how 's it go ? paul hi , auggie . without wait for paul to ask , auggie turn around , pull out two tin of schimmelpenninck from the cigar cabinet , and place they on the counter . auggie two , right ? paul uh , better make it one . auggie you usually get two . paul yeah , I know , but I be try to cut down . ( pause ) somebody 's worried about my health . auggie ( twitch he eyebrow playfully ) ah-hah . paul shrug with embarrassment , then slowly break into a warm smile . auggie ( cont would ) and how 's the work go this day , maestro ? paul ( still grin . absentmindedly ) Fine . ( pause . pull himself together ) or it be until a couple of day ago . a guy from the New York Times call and ask I to write a Christmas story . they want to publish it on Christmas Day . auggie that 's a feather in you cap , man . the paper of record . paul yeah , great . the problem be , I have four day to come up with something , and I do not have a single idea . ( pause ) you know anything about Christmas storey ? auggie ( bluster ) Christmas storey ? sure , I know a ton of them . paul anything good ? auggie good ? of course . be you kid ? ( pause ) I will tell you what . buy I lunch , my friend , and I will tell you the best Christmas story you ever hear . how 's that ? and I guarantee every word of it be true . paul ( smiling ) it do not have to be true . it just have to be good . auggie ( turn to jimmy rose ) take over the register while I be go , okay , Jimmy ? ( begins to extricate himself from behind the counter ) jimmy rose you want I to do it , auggie ? you sure you want I to do it ? auggie sure I be sure . just remember what I teach you . and do not let any of this kibitzer cause you trouble . ( gesture to otb men ) you get a problem , you come and see I . I will be down the block at jack . ( to paul ) Jack 's okay ? paul Jack 's be fine . paul and auggie leave the store together . 71 . int : day . jack restaurant a cramped and boisterous kosher delicatess with sport photograph on the wall : old Brooklyn dodger team , the 1969 Met , a portrait of Jackie Robinson . paul and auggie be sit at a table in the back , study the menus . paul ( close menu ) I have to pee . if the waiter come , order I a corn beef on rye and a ginger ale , okay ? auggie you get it . paul stand up and leave to go to the men' room . alone at the table , auggie glance down at the empty chair next to he and see a copy of the New York Post . the paper be open to a article with a headline that read : " shootout in brooklyn . " auggie bend over to inspect the article more closely . Close - up of the article . we see photograph of charle clemm ( the creeper ) and ROBERT goodwin and they name in the caption . a secondary headline read : " robber kill in jewel heist . " in the meantime , as auggie continue to study the article , the waiter arrive to take he order . he be a round , bald , middle - age man with a weary expression on he face . waiter ( off ) what will it be , auggie ? auggie ( look up ) uh ... ( point to paul be empty place ) my friend over here would like a corn beef on rye and a ginger ale . shot of waiter hold pencil and order pad . waiter and what about for you ? auggie ( reading the paper again . suddenly remember the waiter be there ) huh ? waiter what about for you ? auggie for I ? ( pause ) I will have the same thing . ( look down at the article again ) waiter do I a favor , will you ? auggie ( glancing up again ) what 's that , sol ? waiter next time , when you want two corn beef sandwich , say , " two corn beef sandwich . " when you want two ginger ale , say , " two ginger ale . " auggie what 's the difference ? waiter it 's simpler , that 's what . it make thing go faster . auggie ( mystify . humor the waiter ) uh , sure , sol . anything you say . instead of say , " one corn beef sandwich , " and then , " another corn beef sandwich , " I will say , " two corn beef sandwich . " waiter ( deadpan ) thanks . I know you would understand . the waiter leave . auggie look down at the article again . paul return and sit down in he chair across from auggie . paul ( settle in ) so . be we ready ? auggie ready . any time you be . paul I be all ear . auggie okay . ( pause . thinks ) you remember how you once ask I how I start take picture ? well , this be the story of how I get my first camera . as a matter of fact , it 's the only camera I have ever have . be you follow I so far ? paul every word . auggie ( Close - up of auggie be face ) okay . ( pause ) so this be the story of how it happen . ( pause ) okay . ( pause ) it be the summer of ' seventy - six , back when I first start work for vinnie . the summer of the bicentennial . ( pause ) a kid come in one morning and start steal thing from the store . he 's stand by the rack of paperback near the front window stuff skin magazine under he shirt . it be crowded around the counter just then , so I do not see he at first .... auggie' face dissolves into paul be . Black - and - white footage begin : we see auggie act out the event he describe to paul . this scene exactly duplicate the event show earlier in scene 2 and 3 -- with one difference . the thief be now roger goodwin , the same person who beat up paul in scene 54 , the same person whose picture auggie have just notice in the newspaper . the event unfold in silence , accompany by auggie be voice - over narration . auggie ( voice - over ) but once I notice what he be up to , I start to shout . he take off like a jackrabbit , and by the time I manage to get out from behind the counter , he be already tear down seventh Avenue . I chase after he for about half a block , and then I give up . he would drop something along the way , and since I do not feel like run anymore , I bent down to see what it be . we see auggie chase the kid , give up , and bend down for the wallet . he start walk back to the store . auggie ( voice - over ) it turn out to be he wallet . there be not any money inside , but he driver 's license be there , along with three or four snapshot . I suppose I could have call the cop and have he arrest . I have he name and address from the license , but I feel kind of sorry for he . he be just a measly little punk , and once I look at that picture in he wallet , I could not bring myself to feel very angry at he .... we see auggie examine the picture . Close -up of the picture . auggie ( voice - over ) Roger goodwin . that be he name . in one of the picture , I remember , he be stand next to he mother . in another one , he be hold some trophy he get from school and smile like he just win the irish sweepstake . I just do not have the heart . a poor kid from Brooklyn without much go for he , and who care about a couple of dirty magazine , anyway ? cut to Jack 's Restaurant . the waiter arrive at the table with they order . waiter here you go , boy . two corn beef sandwich . two ginger ale . the fast way . the simple way . ( he leave ) paul ( put mustard on he sandwich ) and ? auggie ( take a sip of he drink ) so I hold onto the wallet . every once in a while I would get a little urge to send it back to he , but I keep delay and never do anything about it . ( put mustard on he sandwich ) then Christmas roll around , and I be stick with nothing to do . vinnie be go to invite I over , but he mother get sick , and he and he wife have to go down to Florida at the last minute . ( take a bite of the sandwich , chew ) so I be sit in my apartment that morning , feel a little sorry for myself , and then I see Roger goodwin 's wallet lie on a shelf in the kitchen . I figure what the hell , why not do something nice for once , and I put on my coat and go out to return the wallet ... . cut to black - and - white footage : the housing project in boerum Hill . we see auggie wander alone among the building , bundle up against the cold . at the same time , we hear : auggie ( voice - over ) the address be over in boerum Hill , somewhere in the project . it be freezing out that day , and I remember get lose a few time try to find the right building . everything look the same in that place , and you keep go over the same ground think you be somewhere else . anyway , I finally get to the apartment I be look for and ring the bell ... shot of auggie walk down a corridor in the housing project ; graffiti on the cinder - block wall . he stop in front of a door and push the buzzer . auggie ( voice - over ) nothing happen . I assume no one 's there , but I try again just to make sure . I wait a little longer , and just when I be about to give up , I hear someone shuffle to the door . a old woman 's voice ask , " who 's there ? " and I say I be look for Roger goodwin . " be that you , Roger ? " the old woman say , and then she undoe about fifteen lock and open the door .... shot of a very old black woman , granny ethel , open the door . a rapturous , expectant smile be on she face . even though the scene unfold in silence , we see auggie and granny ethel mouth the dialogue that auggie repeat to paul . auggie ( voice - over ) she have to be at least eighty , maybe ninety year old , and the first thing I notice about she be she 's blind . " I know you would come . Roger , " she say . " I know you would not forget you granny ethel on Christmas . " and then she open she arm as if she 's about to hug I . we see auggie hesitate for a second . as he report the next little part of the story , we see he give in , open he arm , and hugging granny ethel . the hug be then repeat in somewhat slower motion , then again in slow motion ; then again , in very slow motion : then again in motion so slow that it appear as a sequence of still photograph . auggie ( voice - over ) I do not have much time to think , you understand . I have to say something real fast , and before I know what be happen , I could hear the word come out of my mouth . " that 's right , granny ethel , " I say . " I come back to see you on Christmas . " do not ask I why I do it . I do not have any idea . it just come out that way , and suddenly this old woman 's hugging I there in front of the door , and I be hugging she back . it be like a game we both decide to play -- without have to discuss the rule . I mean , that woman know I be not she grandson . she be old and dotty , but she be not so far go that she could not tell the difference between a stranger and she own flesh and blood . but it make she happy to pretend , and since I have nothing better to do anyway , I be happy to go along with she .... auggie and granny ethel enter the apartment and sit down in chair in the live room . we see they talk , laugh . meanwhile , we hear : auggie ( voice - over ) so we go into the apartment and spend the day together . every time she ask I a question about how I be , I would lie to she . I tell she I would find a good job in a cigar store . I tell she I be about to get marry . I tell she a hundred pretty storey , and she make like she believe every one of they . " that 's fine , Roger , " she would say , nodd she head and smile . " I always know thing would work out for you .... " the camera pan slowly through granny ethel be apartment , linger momentarily on various object . among other thing , we see portrait of Martin luther King , Jr. , John f. Kennedy , family photograph , ball of yarn , knitting needle . by the time this visual tour be complete , we see auggie enter the apartment again , wear he coat and carry a large bag of grocery . as describe in the simultaneous narration : auggie ( voice - over ) after a while , I start get hungry . there do not seem to be much food in the house , so I go out to a store in the neighborhood and bring back a mess of stuff . a precooke chicken , vegetable soup , a bucket of potato salad , all kind of thing . ethel have a couple of bottle of wine stashed in she bedroom , and so between we we manage to put together a fairly decent Christmas dinner .... we see auggie and granny ethel at the dining - room table : eat the food , drink the wine , talk . auggie ( voice - over ) we both get a little tipsy from the wine , I remember , and after the meal be over we go out to sit in the live room where the chair be more comfortable ... we see auggie lead granny ethel by the arm and help she into a chair . then auggie leave the live room and walk to the bathroom down the hall . auggie ( voice - over ) I have to take a pee , so I excuse myself and go to the bathroom down the hall . that 's where thing take another turn . it be ditsy enough do my little jig as ethel 's grandson , but what I do next be positively crazy , and I have never forgiven myself for it .... we see auggie in the bathroom . as he pee , we see the box of camera , just as he describe they . auggie ( voice - over ) I go into the bathroom , and stack up against the wall next to the shower , I see a pile of six or seven camera . brand -new , thirty - five millimeter camera , still in they box . I figure this be the work of the real Roger , a storage place for one of he recent haul . I have never take a picture in my life , and I have certainly never steal anything , but the moment I see that camera sit in the bathroom , I decide I want one of they for myself . just like that . and without even stop to think about it , I tuck one of the box under my arm and go back to the live room .... we see auggie return to the live room with the camera . granny ethel be sleep soundly in she chair . auggie put the camera down , clear the table , and wash the dish in the kitchen . auggie ( voice - over ) I could not have be go for more than three minute , but in that time granny ethel have fall asleep . too much chianti , I suppose . I go into the kitchen to wash the dish , and she sleep on through the whole racket , snore like a baby . there do not seem to be any point in disturbing she , so I decide to leave . I could not even write a note to say good - bye , see that she be blind and all , so I just leave . I put she grandson 's wallet on the table , pick up the camera again , and walk out of the apartment ... . we see auggie bend over the sleep granny ethel and decide not to wake she . we see he put the wallet on the table and pick up the camera . we see he walk out of the apartment . shot of the close door . auggie ( voice - over ) and that 's the end of the story . cut to paul be face . paul and auggie be sit at the table , eat the last bite of they sandwich . paul do you ever go back to see she ? auggie once , about three or four month later . I feel so bad about steal the camera , I have not even use it yet . I finally make up my mind to return it , but granny ethel be not there anymore . someone else have move into the apartment , and he could not tell I where she be . paul she probably die . auggie yeah , probably . paul which mean that she spend she last Christmas with you . auggie I guess so . I never think of it that way . paul it be a good deed , auggie . it be a nice thing you do for she . auggie I lie to she , and then I steal from she . I do not see how you can call that a good deed . paul you make she happy . and the camera be steal anyway . it 's not as if the person you take it from really own it . auggie anything for art , eh , Paul ? paul I would not say that . but at least you have put the camera to good use . auggie and now you have get you Christmas story , do not you ? paul ( pause . thinks ) yes , I suppose I do . paul look at auggie . a wick grin be spread across auggie be face . the look in he eye be so mysterious , so fraught with the glow of some inner delight , that paul begin to suspect that auggie have make the whole thing up . he be about to ask auggie if he have be put he on -- but then stop , realize that auggie would never tell he . paul smile . paul ( cont would ) bullshit be a real talent , auggie . to make up a good story , a person have to know how to push all the right button . ( pause ) I would say you be up there among the master . auggie what do you mean ? paul I mean , it 's a good story . auggie shit . if you can not share you secret with you friend , what kind of friend be you ? paul exactly . life just would not be worth live , would it ? auggie be still smile . paul smile back at he . auggie light a cigarette ; paul light a little cigar . they blow smoke into the air , still smile at each other . the camera follow the smoke as it rise toward the ceiling . Close - up of the smoke . hold for three , four beat . the screen go black . Music begin to play . final credit . screenplay by Paul auster