smokin ' ace written by Joe carnahan 4/23/05 fade up on : title card a narration accompany this passage : " the event depict herein be believe have take place in Lake tahoe , nevada . all manner of record as they might pertain to this event have be seize by the Department of justice " int . van -- night Wall - to- wall surveillance set-up . two FBI agent : donald carruther 30 's and richard messner 30' , man the post , stare at video monitor . both hold telephoto image ; shaky , long lens shot of a mansion some distance away . messner tack photograph to a corkboard on the van wall . one be label " subject sidney K. serna : underboss / sparazza family . " the other be label " subject victor " baby buzz " padiche lieutenant / sparazza family . " voice begin emit over the van 's speaker . serna ( v.o. ) buzzy ... buzz ...? padiche ( v.o. ) yeah ... sid ? serna ( v.o. ) you get click , anything ? padiche ( v.o. ) Nah , nuthin ' on my end -- serna ( v.o . ) -- okay ... hang on , I gotta move -- messner ride a digital console , tweak frequency . messner ( key mic ) Zoom and pan please . stay tight . on the monitor : the image pan , follow a figure move behind the mansion 's window , enter a back bedroom . serna ( v.o. ) alright , now buzzy - - this be , this be it , here , okay , so listen to I careful and wait till I be finish ' cuz we get no room for slop . padiche ( v.o. ) I be here . messner adjust the record level , v-u meter spike , modulate . the figure on the monitor pace the room . we see it 's serna . 2 . serna ( v.o. ) okay , he 's gonna clip Israel , I just gotta outta there -- padiche ( v.o. ) -- he 's do it then , huh -- serna ( v.o. ) -- yeah , now lemme finish , I be eavesdroppin' , so give I sec , lay this thing out , since the information might be a little loose -- padiche ( v.o. ) -- okay , g'head -- serna so what I hear downstairs there be that they get a guy , some swede , real badass , supposedly a " specialist " and they be bring he over . now he be not come cheap -- so , I be thinkin ' we jump , do this in the next day or so , get to Israel before the swede can , we get chit , y'see ? we be in a power position . grab he , ransom he back , pick up that nut , we be that much closer to have we own thing . padich ( v.o . ) -- I see that , yeah , s'smart move , for we anyway . serna ( v.o. ) trust I , we keep we mouth shut , go about we thing , play the part , nobody suspect we . ( feedback distort ) the old man' on the fade buzzy , fuck he , y'know ? and that hurt , I do not like say that , but hey , we livelihood , we lifeboat , y'get ? padiche no question , no , you be right . we gotta do what 's good for we now . serna ( v.o. ) fuckin ' a , first survive , yes ? padiche ( v.o. ) y'gotta , y'gotta . but d'ya think they will kick ransom for that little prick , assume we get to be . 3. serna ( v.o. ) yeah , y'ai not hear the punchline , yet and before I get to it , one more thing I hear , little curious , should probably bring it up ... primo want Israel 's heart . the actual thing , the organ . pause . feedback . the agent trade look . carruther grab a cellphone , dial , patch a feed for the party on the other end to hear . padiche ( v.o. ) ... Jesus ... what for ? serna ( v.o. ) -- who can say . he 's off he onion , y'know , he 's old school sicilian , this be how they hate . padiche ( v.o. ) wow . serna ( v.o. ) hey , we nab Israel , they pay t'get be back , I will cut the fuckin ' thing out m'self , no extra charge . my thing be , we crew up , let 's not fuck around , someone 's cousin , some Zip off the boat from naple , let 's get pro , people who know how to behave . padiche ( v.o. ) yeah , there 's a pair 'a broad I be think might be good for this . serna ( v.o. ) chance be , they be gonna get into some shit too , hafta put people down . padiche ( v.o. ) that 's not a problem . be we goin ' outta pocket ourselves ? serna yeah , I can front this . padiche ( v.o. ) well just so I get a quote in my head . what 's the rate for the swede ? serna that 's the punchline , y'ready ? padiche shoot . 4. serna ( v.o. ) a million flat . padiche ( v.o. ) no shit . serna ( v.o. ) none whatsoever . smash CUT to credit the Ace of heart , spin through mid-air , slow motion , end over end . bullet blast big sizzling hole through it . smash CUT to : ext . casino -- las vega ( past ) neon -frame door fly open as a slicked - back chump with a store - buy tan stride out onto the strip , swinging underage bar- bait on each arm . he 's all strut and punk swagger , grin like a geek who just strike gold . dupree ( v.o. ) buddy Israel , nickname " ace " bear a bastard , mom laverne chase the pipe dream from a dairy Queen in Kansas City to the Vegas stage . two month after step off a Greyhound , she get knock up by some hood . CUT to scene : int . dressing room -- night ( past ) a row of chorus girl , gild like gold - flake flamingos , rub coca- butter on bare midriff . the camera find buddy 's mother laverne , prominent bulge , seriously pregnant , she 's argue with she employer , try to suck in she belly , yell " bullshit , you just have to light it right ... " dupree ( v.o. ) biological abandon she and the showgirl thing go sideways so she wind up work as a magician 's assistant to make extra cash . CUT to scene : int . club -- night ( past ) second rate dive bar . laverne Israel assist a pompadour - mane magician on stage . in the lounge , sit on a stripper 's lap , a young buddy play with a deck of card . CUT to : 5 . int . pool hall -- night ( present day ) bamboo-style ceiling fan circulate cigar smoke and shitty attitude . at a billiard table in the back : jack dupree , 40' , third generation bail bondsman , talk with hollis elmore , 30' and " pistol " pete deek , 30' , ex - Vegas vice cop . as dupree speak , we see the scene behind the story : dupree ... and young buddy learn everything about card from this mandrake motherfucker he mom be work for ... CUT to scene : the magician be brutally beat -- pelt with poker chip , kick in the chop , piss on , the work . dupree ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but magic man be also a degenerate gambler and get catch deal bottom - deck at a mob-own poker parlor . ( beat ) he do not get outta there with much more than a pulse . CUT to : int . hospital -- day ( past ) the magician , full body cast , take he meal through a straw . Young Israel labor over he , perform card trick . CUT back to scene : dupree Point be , he pass on all this slight of hand shit onto ace and the kid be sick with it ... by the age of twelve buddy Israel be positively prodigal with a deck of card . by sixteen , he 's headline the mgm 's main room . CUT to scene : buddy , card and coin dance off he fingertip , dazzle sell - out crowd . laverne Israel sit in the front row , deck out in ankle- length fur , applaud wildly . CUT back to : int . pool hall -- night ( present ) dupree round the table , line up a shot , lean over it . 6 . dupree this punk be pull down ten bill a night and more showgirl geech than you can shake a stick at . four year of sell - out show , he become the unofficial mob mascot CUT to scene : buddy meet mob hierarchy ; silk suit and pinkie ring . dupree ( cont would ; v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) by the tender age of twenty - one he 's break bread with the wheel , keep company with major muscle . and it go to he head in a big way CUT to scene : buddy , poolside , glass of top dollar dom in hand . chick , coopertone and chasm - deep cleavage abound . dupree ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... wiseguy start to think this sonofabitch be a mystic , something special ... and ace play it up , let the legend grow , take time off from he stage act and start showcase the chip on he shoulder . CUT to scene : buddy , tipping a crap table , attack the stick -man , stripping off one of he gold chain , go garotte . dupree ( cont 'd ) he busy into he bullshit , building street cre , he 's get plan and pull , he 's makin ' play , live the mob life for real . somehow , it take : Lounge act turn legitimate thug . int . pool hall dupree rip the eight ball , corner pocket . dupree in reality , he do not know the ball from the bounce ... he 's not a crook , so he start fuck up fast and pick up speed , put a floodlight on the whole carlotta organization . cop get curious , start camp out , compile name and face and pretty soon Israel 's bullshit have bring the heat to bear on none other than primo sparraza - - 7. locke ( v.o. ) -- enforcer . extortionist . killer . CUT to : int . briefing room -- day we recognize carruther and messner as the two Agents from the padiche / serna surveillance . they be sit with f.b.i. deputy director stanley locke . a debrief be in progress . super : WASHINGTON , d.c . a mafia family Tree have be erect behind they with a photo of primo sparazza at the top . locke sparazza be rumor to have perform in excess of one-hund and thirty contract murder , include one of the bureau 's most celebrate agent . Freeman heller . you hear of " the Turnpike murder " that be sparazza . messner I think heller be a double op ? CUT to scene : FREEMAN heller , 20' , clean cut Cornell grad , class of 1937 . he 's on a pistol range , scoring perfect mark . locke ( v.o. ) no . he work for the o.s.s. before join the Bureau in its heyday . he be the first operative assign with infiltrate the mob . CUT to scene : heller , outdistance the rest of he recruiting class in a training run , nearly a mile ahead of the next man . locke ( v.o. contd ) ( cont 'd ) full immersion and assimilation , fake identity , falsify background , everything that be now standard operate procedure , heller implement , way back when . CUT to scene : heller oversee every aspect of he transformation , radically alter he appearance , add different mannerism , a accent , etc ... befuddle FBI brass can only look on in awe . 8. locke ( cont 'd ) and as a result , he undercover work be wildly successful . he eventually reach the rank of capo inside the carlotta crime family ... but through some internal slip -up , he cover be compromise and primo sparazza be give the contract to kill he . CUT to : ext . new jersey turnpike -- night ( past ) a '51 Ford fairlane , flush with a embankment , bullet perforate , dead - body drape . a top-coate gunman ( presumably primo sparazza ) stalk the vehicle 's sole survivor , FREEMAN heller ; faux mafioso , full - time federal agent . locke ( v.o. ) there be not enough evidence to bring formal charge , so the case never go to trial . heller collapse , the gunman loom over , level a .45 , fire . locke ( cont 'd ) sparazza be a bit of a specter . over the year , the serious crime with which he be think to be involved , include heller 's murder , could never be trace back to he . the gunman slink back to he car as we -- CUT back to : int . briefing room -- continuous locke stand , distribute file . locke a dedicated viciousness and a slavish devotion to mob doctrine have sparazza 's star on the rise . so the mob relocate he to nevada and he become the unofficial head of the Las Vegas lcn . CUT to scene : a photograph of primo sparraza , sharkskin suit , vintage 60' coif , pose in front of the riviera with a dour , piss - off Frank Sinatra . CUT back to scene : 9 . messner so he 's personally issue the contract on Israel ? locke sparazza be the one who introduce Israel to the life , give he he first big break , bring he through the rank . carruther make he a friend of the family . CUT to scene : sparazza and Israel , casino grand open , flashbulb burst . locke ( v.o. ) ... his hand - pick protege , successor to the throne ... and Israel play the situation very shrewd . a montage of more photo-pos , buddy Israel pose with mob power broker , playmaker ... smile all the way to the top . locke ( cont 'd ) ... slowly amass the loyalty of sparazza 's top man ... with plan of toppling the throne . CUT to scene : buddy , late - night conspiratorial confab with sparazza soldier . CUT back to scene : locke ( cont 'd ) in do so , he plunge the carlotta organization into a civil war , split the family into dual faction . sparazza on one side , Israel on the other . the infight that follow draw the interest of nearly every major investigative body operate under the canopy of the federal government . montage stakeout team snap photo - plant bug - wire hide camera . locke ( cont would ; v.o. ) presently there be sixteen state and federally fund agency , run concurrent criminal probe on select member of the lcn ... with Israel ( more ) 10 . locke ( cont would ; v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be the primary target in virtually every investigation . CUT to scene Israel sit with a group of FBI agent , discuss a deal . messner ( v.o. ) a mark man get wise and want to come in . locke ( v.o. ) his testimony have the potential of blow the lid off what 's leave of the La cosa nostra be this country . that alone warrant total immunity from prosecution and and a vanish act with Witness Protection . Israel be walk out of the room as we CUT back to : int . briefing room -- continuous messner so the wiretaps we conduct on serna and padiche , the mention of Israel 's heart ? locke -- you intel corroborate what we already know . sparazza 's health be in rapid decline and before he date with destiny , it seem he want one last thing ... the heart of he swear enemy . a recently open , cash rich escrow account have be trace back to sparazza . this and the mention of this mysterious swede make the million dollar contract on Israel very real . syke ( v.o. ) how real ...? CUT to : int . diner -- night greasy spoon soul food joint , pack lunch counter . meet sharice watter , 33 and georgia syke , 24 , ebony stunner , ghetto queen , street assassin . they be sit with they book contact , lorenzo wyman , 41 . he hold up a copy of a bank telex , slide it across the table . wyman how ' bout six - figure for this fool ? how ' bout that love ? 11 . watter take the telex , gawk , show the number to syke . syke bulllllshit ... wyman naw baby , they hear about that triad hit , the work ya will put in and they recognize the skill . and this be not no tryout , tap - dance " show we you shit " thing neither -- if ya will want this then I 'mma go git it for 'ya . watter twirl she long braid , look over at syke . watter so I and sis here , ' cuz we get a rep on a rise , we chip some nail on some niggas , they want we to drop this mafiaoso so and so , magician , whatever - the fuck he be . wyman s'way it work girl . ya will do dirt , ya will peel some serious cap . Word travel . syke and so I get this straight , we gotta go in , bust on this punk and remove the heart ? be that for real ? wyman no , no , no , y'gotta go in and get he , pull be out of wherever he at , forget all that other shit , that 's just f'flavor . I be still get lil ' bit 'a this - n- that from this cat padiche , the man contact I ... right now , what we get -- ( nod to telex ) -- be a number and a name ... buddy Israel . syke ( to Loretta ) what else do padiche say ? wyman he say that the shit could get hot , could get heavy ... I say good . ( beat , grin ) ' cuz I get two of the hot , heaviest bitch alive . messner ( v.o. ) like who ? 12 . CUT back to : int . briefing room -- day the fed continue they briefing . locke like pasquale acosta , blood money mercenary . his countryman have dub he the more dubious " El estrago " ( beat ) the Plague . CUT to scene : death personify ; sun -cook skin , black hole eye , tattoo gouge out of prison boredom ... this be pasquale acosta . locke ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) american educate , fluent in over a dozen language , do journeyman 's work for CIA fund " G - 2 " and " archivo " death squad in Guatemala and chile ... note for he legendary torture technique . CUT to scene : acosta clip car battery cable to the eyelid of a dissident . flash to : acosta scorching a off-camera scrotum with a blowtorch . flash to : acosta power up a bore-drill as a semi-nude man scream and plead . CUT back to : locke ( cont 'd ) sought for war crime and human rights violation in eighteen different country . when he be catch by the sas in Northern Ireland and imprison , he chew off he fingertip to the bone before he could be print and id would by interpol . CUT to scene : pasquale ; prison cell filthy , feast on he finger . CUT back to : locke ( cont 'd ) on a extradition flight back to El salvador , he murder a security detachment and vanish . messner you think it 's possible he could be involved in the Israel hit ? 13 . locke possibly . acosta be pure mercenary . and a million dollar hit fee will draw some huge fly . but forget about sparazza 's money for a moment and remember , there 's no shortage of that who want Israel kill and no shortage of cash to do just that ... dupree ( v.o. ) ... then I be sure you have hear of this guy ... the tremor brother . CUT to : int . pool hall -- morning dupree chalk he cue , position for a shot . dupree no ? ( off dull stare from deek and elmore ) then you have both be live under the same rock , ' cuz this cocksucker be infamous . Three brother , same skank mom , different deadbeat dad , use for that suicide - kamikaze style shit . you hear about that huge shoot - out in Cleveland ? deek be that the club that get wipe out a couple month back ? elmore what happen ? dupree the teamster have a reform measure go to ballot that do not sit too well with the local syndicate . night of the polling , big black - tie to - do downtown and the tremor Brothers crash the party . literally . smash CUT to : int . dinner club -- night the tremor brother pilot a dodge barracuda right through the front window with wreck ball bravado . body scatter as the tremor deploy from the car in full body kevlar , do doomsday on the club . one of they fire up a chainsaw , chew into the panicked crowd . bodyguard blast back , but bullet play like spitballs against the tremor 's body armor . 14 . dupree ( v.o. ) Donald mcgarey , the local union rep , be the mark . the tremor go ripshit riot on the whole club , seven people dead , twenty - eight wounded . just to get to this one guy . shotgun roar -- blast spread obliterate -- a shitstorm of blood , spill booze and bust glass -- dupree ( cont 'd ) -- and they get it about as good as they give it . in the melee , one of the brother catch blowback from a jamme piece and be temporarily blind , the other take bullet to the lower back and can not walk . the third get pop in the neck and pass out . mcgarey get out of the club alive ... and not much further ... CUT to : ext . dinner club -- parking lot -- night the blind tremor , walk wounded , piggyback he brother with the bum back , drag the other by the scruff of he neck , unconscious across the concrete . Police siren squeal . mcgarey , the union guy , hairpiece hang by a thread , crawl toward he car . the piggyback tremor brother reach into he blind brother 's coat , grab a revolver and unload . Long live the teamster ... not tonight . CUT back to : int . pool hall dupree chalk he cue . dupree they be speed freak , neo-nazi's . sworn to the swastika , supposedly read and recite " mein kampf " like mother Goose ... and this motherfucker can go megaton at the drop of a hat . syke ( v.o. ) what 's the name again ? int . diner -- night wyman , syke and watter , back at the greasy spoon . wyman " soot , lazlo soot . " lotta folk want this white boy clapped . soot could be workin ' for one them . 15 . ext . STREET -- day cramme pedestrian crossing , noon hour a trio of suit converse , shroud by bodyguard . wyman ( v.o. ) nobody really certain where he come from ... the party proceed through the crosswalk , approach they be a dark - suite man , expressionless , hand in he pocket . other move past ; a woman with shopping bag , a skateboard punk , a geriatric dog - walker and a man , full paralysis , mouth - op wheelchair , " my Left Foot " palsy . wyman ( cont 'd ) ... and when he move on somebody , they the last one t' see it comin ' -- the bodyguard perk up , sense something . Dark - suit , remove he hand from he pocket -- cellphone ... wrong guy . the crippled cat , throw a quilt off he lap , contort face vanish , two uzi machine - pistol up , safeties off , triggers pull -- bap ! bap ! bap ! bap ! bap ! bap ! the bodyguard get catch napping -- bullet blaze point blank . the three suit collapse . the phony invalid empty both gun , hop up from the wheelchair , hook a pass truck and flee the scene ... that , be lazlo soot . dupree ( v.o. ) so what do you think ? int . pool hall -- bar the boy have retire to the bar for a round of dollar draft . elmore I think it 's idiotic to continue this conversation . ( turn , to deek ) we be ex- cop which mean we be not great cop or even good one . deek pay bill with bullshit casino job , sit watch on slot machine . elmore which be a great gig until we we walk in here and start drink . dupree the bond on Israel expire in eighteen hour , after that , it 's a jump ball . we window be now . 16 . deek who post he bail ? dupree pat himself down , search for he cig . dupree his law firm , same one that hire I . Israel walk out after he make bail and nobody 's see he since . elmore Jack , if the rumor hold and Israel be really the great white whale of snitch , then the mob be look to put all kind of bullet into he ass and pour some serious psychotics into the mix to do just that . so what real incentive be there to track he on something as small - time as a skip trace , when it 's put you and yours in the path of severe pain and suffer and a almost certain prelude to doom . a beat . dupree blow smoke , flick ash . dupree so I guess you be not go . elmore shit , if you be on a crazy jag , why stop there , why not take Fort knox with a fuck slingshot or go into Hell after Hitler ... I like you chance a lot more . dupree , stubbing he cigarette . dupree I know he location , we have get the drop of a maybe half a day before that location get grape-vine and the rest of the world get hipped . elmore that 's already happen hoss . it 's naive to think otherwise . deek where be he ? wyman ( v.o. ) -- Lake tahoe . CUT back to : 17 . int . diner -- night watter , nodd , wiping red sauce off she finger . watter Three hour t' the east . s'day trip . pretty this time a' year too ... syke set she fork down , wipe she hand on a napkin . syke we gotta lay something out , strategy - wise . somethin ' tight . y'go in there ad-lib , it 's y'ass . watter what be we talkin ' on the split ... wyman forty -five apiece for you two , ten percent finder fee for I . syke what 's the time frame ? wyman right mafuck and now girl . fast as we can get you there . we wait any longer , someone goin ' dead this fool . messner ( v.o. ) ... then we lose we witness . CUT to : int . briefing room -- day the briefing continue . locke we lose we case . twenty - four hour from now , he 's schedule to meet with federal prosecutor . his agent , a man by the name of Morris mecklen , have guarantee we that he will enter into protective custody once he deal be approve . CUT to : morris mecklen , 60' , bloat , bad combover , agent to the Vegas vanguard . he sit at he desk , jaw into the phone . on the wall , frame photo ; Wayne Newton , buddy hackett , Carol Channing and a triple - chin , near- the - end elvis . 18 . locke ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we have be monitoring mecklen 's call and have learn that Israel be stay in the penthouse level of the nomad Hotel and casino in Lake tahoe , nevada under a assume name . CUT back to scene : int . briefing room -- continuous carruther right there ? in the high -roller suite ? messner it 's the last place they would look . locke Israel 's legal representation , the firm of culpepper , brody and reed , which be currently the subject of a joint SEC and treasury Department probe , be leave hold the bag after he skip bail . over three - quarter of a million dollar on a bond that 's set to expire in less than a day . rupert reed , one of the firm 's partner , have learn of Israel 's whereabouts and dispatch a local bondsman by the name of Jack dupree to pick he up and return he to Las Vegas ... that can not happen . ( beat ) we have a Gulf stream stand by at Reagan International to transport you two to Lake tahoe . ( pause , with weight ) it 's very simple gentleman . valacchi , fratiano , gravano - - no former witness against the mob have be as crucial or have bring more to bear on the potential dissolution of the La cosa nostra , than buddy Israel . smash CUT to black : montage over this entire sequence we hear agent locke speak : the cylinder of a .44 Magnum be pop , a speed - load drop in , spun and snap shut -- porn mag and crossword puzzle compendium be toss into a carry - on . morphine and adrenaline syringe get spike and cap -- a collection of wig , fake sideburn and moustach get laid out , separate -- 19 . locke ( cont 'd ) ... but understand that if a attempt be make on he life ... kevlar body armor get stow -- a elephant gun get buff to a high shine -- vintage ww11 german potato - masher hand - grenade be lovingly wrap in terry cloth towel . locke ( cont 'd ) ... then it be be make by that of the strictest professional caliber ... torture - tool ; curve cut implement , serrate bone saw , skull key , a portable blowtorch , blacken with burn blood ... all pack neatly into a duffel bag -- locke ( cont 'd ) ... they be cold - blooded , ruthless , and without restraint ... and they must not succeed . a gun be aim , a trigger pull ... " boom " smash CUT to black fade up on : int . hospital room -- morning daybreak . sunlight stream in , soft suffusion , the color of good scotch . primo sparazza , 86 , lie on a hospital bed , a o2 mask shroud deep - set , sink eye , cataract - grey , gaze out at a four- wall world . someone enter the room , await approval to approach ... sparazza , turn , see the man , summoning he over with a feeble finger wag . the man reach he , kneel down , ring-kissing reverent , whisper : man ...he 's here now ... sparazza nod . the man exit . after a moment , the door open again ... and another man enter , walk slowly toward sparazza 's bedside . he set down he luggage , a black leather valise . the travel tag originate in stockholm : the swede have arrive . fade to black fade up on : soaring across the pristine deep blue water of Lake tahoe . rising , revealing the gaudy , mirrore glass tower of the nomad HOTEL &amp ; casino . we slowly dissolve to : 20 . int . penthouse suite -- nomad HOTEL &amp ; casino -- morning buddy israel , bathrobe , boxer , bag under he eye . he absently shuffles card , pull ace as if by touch , telepathy . he gaze out at the snow - pack peak . behind he ; post-bacchanalia ... the ugly morning after . prostitute , pass out cold in a tangle of crotchless panty and stiletto heel , lie amongst smashed vodka bottle and ashtray , coke - cover tabletop and tip room service trays . - Israel , sober now ... contemptuous of it all . he start walk around they the way you would casualty on a battlefield . his bathrobe brushes over , terrycloth catch one of the hooker 's wig , tug it free . Israel look down , zoom in on she scalp , see dandruff and scar , gag disgust and disdain . he step , the wig pull . he stop and slip the bathrobe off , let it fall rather than pull she wig the rest of the way off and ruin what illusion remain . he shuffles , begin drop ace on they body like dead enemy soldier . one of he bodyguard enter ; a bulg , slow - witted , ex-bodybuilder by the name of hugo croop . israel D ' you talk to be ? hugo ( fetching mylanta from the fridge ) I get he machine . a beat . Israel fidget , twitches , rub coke residue from he nose and over he gumline israel what would you say ? hugo ( gulp mylanta ) I say I get he machine . israel no , what do you say on the machine ? hugo I leave he a message . israel I know you leave he a message . what do you say ! Hugo look up , seem confuse . moment pass . Israel , the patience of a gorilla , cramme into a canary cage . israel ( cont 'd ) Jesus Hugo ! ( more ) 21 . israel ( cont 'd ) how be it that you can turn a simple conversation into a fuck hedge maze !? this be zero degree of difficulty man ! hugo okay . israel then why be you still look at I like I be ask for the square root of something ! what do you say !? Hugo , still unsure , speak in spite of it . hugo I say that we be return he call and you be real concerned , because he sound real concerned . israel look at that , we do not have to fill up the whole blackboard after all . now , do you know anything about that ? Israel wrist -flick a play card , it embed a sofa cushion like a ninja throw star , right next to a beige coat . hugo about what ? israel look at the collar on that coat ... Hugo , wary , walk over , inspect the coat from a distance . israel ( cont 'd ) what 's that look like , that stain ? Hugo edge closer , look down at the coat , squint . hugo I dunno ... cinnamon roll ? israel cinnamon roll ? no , good guess though . no , Hugo that look like jizz ... ( reshuffle , stare ) and I be no forensic expert mind you , but that look like some fuckhead shot they load on a twelve- thousand dollar calf 's skin jacket . the twist ? it 's my twelve thousand dollar , calf 's skin jacket . ( beat , then ) so y'got semen , human ejaculate -- ( more ) 22 . israel ( cont 'd ) ( check watch ) -- that 's be allow to soak in for what , six , seven hour now ? work it 's way into the fabric-fuck and fiber -- and while you may never see it in a tide commercial , I think it still safely qualify as a " tough , deep down stain . " Hugo take another pull off the mylanta bottle , move slowly , like most moron do , avoid eye contact at all cost . hugo I could have it send out ... israel ...to what ? incinerate ? ' cuz I be almost dead certain there 's not a fuck laundry detergent or dry clean process know to man that can ever return that jacket to its former glory ! some shit , suffice it to say , just do not wash out . ( beat , cool down ) now , the money question ... to whom do that stain belong ? Hugo , gameface fall apart ... Israel prod he . israel ( cont 'd ) c'mon , somebody be bang one of this skank , san rubber -- ( beat , assess girl ) - which be terrifying in its own right - pull out , let 'er rip and ruin the last gift my mother give I before she die . ( snatching up coat ) the way I see it , it 's the same as if she be dig up , three month dead and it be shot right on she rotting corpse , ' cuz that 's how it defile this feel ! Hugo . Long pause . Big dumb blush . hugo do you want I to say I do it ? israel I be kinda hope , yeah . hugo do you want I to say I be sorry ? israel only if you really , truly mean it . 23 . Hugo , swallow , pressure on . the phone begin to ring . hugo ... I be sorry ... israel be you a fuck colossal idiot ? hugo I be . yeah . israel without peer ? hugo I - - uh , yeah , I guess , yeah . card dance , Israel 's hand move at lightspeed , he reach into Hugo 's shirt front and pull a play card out ... joker . israel ( show he the card ) no . be sure . be resolute . you stand alone on that summit . the phone ring . Hugo , wobbly , what - to-do ...? buddy fire all fifty - two card into he face . the beast barely blink . israel ( cont 'd ) get the phone , it might be gill , then get out of my sight . Hugo , furtive look to the floor , all that scattered card , then , back to the boss , " should I ? " israel ( cont 'd ) no . the card can stay there . get the goddamn phone . CUT to : int . car -- day a cellphone be lift , revealing special agent carruther . carruther yes Sir . go ahead . ( listen , check watch ) we be three mile from the nomad now . we will be await word . he click off . messner occupy the passenger seat , review surveillance tape , portable headphone on , mini-dat player in he lap . he listen to the follow excerpt : 24 . serna ( on tape ) -- so , I be thinkin ' we jump , do this in the next day or so , get to Israel before the swede can -- messner pull the headphone off . messner anything on the swede ? carruther only the mention make in that phone call . there 's no swedish hitman of any renown , much less one with a million dollar day rate . messner maybe he 's that good . never be catch , no criminal record . carruther maybe . messner , set the gear on the floorboard , stretch . he turn over photograph of Victor padiche and sidney serna . ( the same one that be tack to the corkboard of the surveillance van in the open ) messner ( contd ) I tell you , engineering this kind of play against sparazza , go to the length this guy be go to ... they be play some long odd . carruther and a very bad gamble . messner ( be ; the pass neon ) well ... this be as good a place for it as any I guess . CUT to : a slot machine handle get yank , roll , stop , lemon- lemon - cherry - loser ... please deposit coin . camera move past , tracking through : int . chow shack buffet -- morning tahoe 's " first and finest " all season Buffet . the camera find : a slicker older cat in a guyabera shirt , mid-fifty , spot skin , sun damage , pock with pre-cancerous black . we recognize he from the mugshot and surveillance video : it 's victor padiche . syke and watter enter frame . padiche stand , greeting they , smile - cigarette-stain - denture ... 25 . padiche Girls , wonderful , here , sit . watter scoot in right next to syke , get comfy . syke seem a put off by the proximity , ignore it for the moment . padiche ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) okay , so ... you be here , really nice be not it ? brisk weather , but nice . ( as waitress approach ) coffee ? anything ? I do not want to order for you . watter no , we be cool . padiche fabulous . ( to waitress ) I be fine sweetheart , thanks . ( beat , back to girl ) okay , so ... welcome to the south shore ! ( big smile , then ) so , just jumpin ' right in , just in term of this thing , we thing . I speak to Lorenzo this morning , he say y' get something ' more or less put together , plan 'a attack and I and my associate Mr. serna , who I can put on the phone hear , we would love t'hear it . watter and syke , non-responsive , stare ... padiche ( cont 'd ) we be not askin ' ya t'take we through , soup t'nut or ' nuthin ' like that , I jus ' like t'hear the broad stroke , y'know , so we can get a idea -- syke and watter look at one another , wordless exchange , then ; watter pussy . awkward beat , padiche , head cocked , do I hear that right ...? padiche wha ' ? syke pussy . padiche ( lean closer ) " pushy ? " 26 . watter , shaking she head , correct he . watter pussy . the old man blanch , do not quite understand the -- padiche -- uh ... another beat . the girl let he dangle . watter , lewd sneer , look almost lustfully at syke as she say the follow ; watter Israel like pussy ... padiche , recover , nodd , nervous . padiche ... oh ... uh- huh , yeah -- syke squirm under watter lascivious gaze , but manage : syke and we like that he like ... yet another beat . padiche , want desperately to contribute . padiche ... pussy ? syke correct . padiche , big nod go from one girl to the other , he - get 's - it - but-not-really . padiche ... fabulous . he extend he hand . we track it across in c.u. as it meet with a male hand . pull back to reveal int . HOTEL room -- blackjack inn -- morning dupree and deek shaking hand with rupert " rip " reed , mid - forty , showbiz-slash - mob attorney , low man on the totem at the Las Vegas base legal firm of " culpepper brody &amp ; reed " reed yeah , Jack , alright ... hey -- ( shake deek ' hand ) Nice t'meet you . rip reed . deek Pete . 27 . reed okay , good , good , c'mon , c'min . reed and dupree shake . reed glance out in the hall before close the door . reed ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) ( to dupree ) where 's you third ? this be a troika , no ? dupree , find a seat , almost under he breath . dupree he 's...fuckin ' ...he 's comin ' ... as elmore appear , reed almost close the door on he -- reed ( extend hand ) hey , hey how r'ya , rip reed . elmore hollis . elmore . they shake . dupree shoot a look at elmore , not pleased . elmore , pissy , lean against the wall , arm cross . reed , wound out , wear thin , half drunk -- he bedspread be paper with writ , summon , notary , etc : everything to make buddy Israel 's return to custody legally bind . he sit on the edge of the bed , reach for a pack of smoke on the nightstand , find a half empty glass of scotch . reed ( to deek ) so Jack tell I you be both ex- cop ? deek yeah , that 's right . dupree they work as swingmen for the Vegas vice squad -- ( to deek ) what ? five , six year ? reed , digging a cigarette out of he pocket . reed man the storey you guy must tell . I grow up soft myself , private school , little blazer , you " talk it out " nobody throw punch , t'this day , never be hit with a fist , imagine that , huh ? ( more ) 28 . reed ( cont 'd ) pretty much a panty - waste , tremble little faggot - fairy when I smell trouble -- and I do not say this to be self - deprecate , I just do not have much of a opinion about myself , I mean , shit , I wish I be a lot more like you guy , barfighter , big swinging dick , gettin ' it do . sadly . ( lift he shirt , expose torso flab ) this be it . it 's ... disgusting . ( with a look skyward ) thanks God , dogpile a piss-poor physique with a small cock and hereditary alcoholism ! ' preciate it ! ( beat , to dupree ) okay , I be babbling , I do this when I drink , forgive the rant , let 's get at it here . this want felon fuck prick bastard buddy Israel and the nearly one million dollar bail bond . dupree smile , pat reed on the shoulder , do n't-sweat-this ... dupree rip , my right hand to God , we be gonna go in and recover this asshole and everybody 's gonna leave the theater grin . trust I . reed that confidence translate bro , seriously , it do ! out-standing ! reed , white - boy high - five , excruciatingly un-hip . deek and elmore literally have to look away . dupree can barely bear it . reed ( cont 'd ) I be a lawyer , y'know , I need to hear this thing , little boost , help allay my fear , I pass that piece of mind along to my partner . ( beat , then ) alright , so , couple primer for you guy , maybe thing we might have look past that you should know about ... his hanger - on , this idiot Israel run with , they be all " pack heat " " strapped " whatever the phrase be . Point two , Israel like hooker , so you might run into a harem up there . Point three : he binge between a six - to -seven thousand dollar a day cocaine habit that nobody know about , so he ( more ) 29 . reed ( cont 'd ) and that hooker , will most likely be high . he also drink , self - medicate , the whole cliche , y'know ? the strung out hasbeen jerkoff snitch drunk . the seven-layer loser . ( beat , exhales ) I be praying he put up a fight , please , please , please , rape he if possible , I will - pay - the -extra - whatever -- nobody know what to make of reed , as he giggle , nod , smoke , nod , drink -- he look at all of they , a sudden unexpected wave of enthusiasm seize he . reed ( cont 'd ) yeah - yeah - yeah . Fucking hell , this feel great ! yeah !? doesn't it ! reed begin laugh like a complete fuck loon , like he 's just lose it completely . it 's paralyzingly uncomfortable . then , just like that , he stop , grab a envelope . reed ( cont 'd ) ( hand envelope over ) okay , we have a retainer , for service to be render ... fifty thousand dollar . reed hand the envelope to a smile dupree . israel ( v.o. ) fifty -fucking grand ! CUT to : int . penthouse suite -- day Israel , furious , scream at a immense black man stand in front of he : sir ivy , he steadfast second - in - command : the presence of a pimp , the mien of a mack . sir ivy calm down . Israel get up in ivy 's grill . a phone begin to ring . israel do not tell I to " calm down " ivy ! I hate that ! ( be ; the phone ) hugo grab that ! I just page gill ! Hugo rush for the phone . sir ivy look at the attention we be get . it 's all bad ... 30 . Hugo , hand cup over the phone , but in . hugo hey -- it 's he , it 's gill . sir ivy ( gesture to hooker ) ... we get this trick go in and out , we be party like the shit might go stale , what do you think be gonna happen ? Israel , walk toward Hugo . israel fifty grand gouge . South shore hayseed , this be why I never play tahoe , or redneck reno ... sir ivy we be hot , and they be lose a whole floor 's worth of business say it 's " under construction . " israel alright , bag it , I be not shelling out that kinda bread for this shithole , this be a junior suite in Vegas . call mecklen right now , he should have he cell on , I need a update . ( to Hugo ) get the Russian up here , have he clean this place , floor to ceiling and get we pack . ( point to hooker ) ... and send out for some new skeeze , the sun 's up , this one be start to stink ... hug hand the phone to Israel , pull he own cell , dial . ivy look around at the collapse hooker , strewn about the place , he face register the appropriate disgust . then : sir ivy beanie ! some of the girl start at the sound of ivy 's big Barry White baritone . they rise , groggy , burping up last night 's debauchery . mascara-smeared , hangover - hinder the girl rise as bernard " beanie " alfonse , protector # 2 , pop in ; a sumo-size brother with a diamond - studd smile . beanie ( address the girl ) alright ya will , that 's the call , we have we fun , pack it in , pro-ceed to the front . Les ' go , les ' go -- 31 . beanie start herding hooker , ivy position himself at the door , pull a flashroll , finger hundred dollar bill . Israel , phone to he ear , retire to the bedroom for privacy . int . penthouse bedroom -- continuous Israel throw the lock . israel be you on a land line ? dr . gill yeah , why . Israel check the wall clock . israel just check ... what 's up ? what 's wrong with you voice ? intercut : int . private practice -- day dr . gregory gill , 30' , Israel 's private physician , walk / sprinting up a hallway , hold a medical report . dr . gill I have get concern . israel ... about what ? dr . gill about cocaine ... and the amount you be do . israel I be not do cocaine . dr . gill buddy , I be not a ethic professor , I be a physician , be honest , or be dead within a day ... s' you choice . Israel , grave . guilt in he silence . DR. gill ( cont 'd ) ... I just get the cardiology work - up back and send it to two of my colleague , both heart specialist . they conclude , as I have , that you be show sign of severe cardiac distress ... so much so , that a massive coronary may be imminent . CUT back to : 32 . int . penthouse suite -- continuous ivy and beanie , marshall the mass hooker exodus . ivy pay the gal as they exit the suite . one young hooker bring up the rear , stumble in she stripper heel , shaky , try to take another step , slip , trip , fall -- smack face first into a glass coffee table , shatter it . beanie ( contd ) damn girl , look out now ! the other hooker ; gape jaw , mild shock , mild amusement . beanie pluck the fall woman up , shake she off , straighten she out , pull off the offend heel . beanie ( cont 'd ) ( hold up heel ) all this good for be poppin ' they titty girl , but y'see what happen when you try to get around in them ? the hooker , cover in glass dust , stick with shard , teeter , too out of it to care . CUT back to scene int . penthouse bedroom -- continuous Israel sweat like a stick pig , pain , clutching he chest . dr . gill ( o.s. on phone ) -- forget about the tissue damage you be do to the heart itself . sustain cocaine abuse will segue you from a very painful ventricular fibrillation into full cardiac arrest . ( beat ) buddy , nobody know about you condition , or you drug use . why you lie to I , know that I would find out anyway , I will never know , but it imperative now that I see you . israel that 's not possible . I tell you . dr . gill there be certain med , certain intravenous measure that can counteract some of the damage you have do , but I would have to administer they myself . israel wo not work , we be just gonna have to chance it man . I be sorry . 33. dr . gill no. sorry come later , when you be in a partial coma with ambulatory paralysis . sorry come when we have to decide which of you limb have to be amputate because severely constrict blood flow have bring about a gangrenous infection , sorry -- israel -- Fine , fuck , I get it ... Lake tahoe , nevada . I will have Hugo book you flight , you can be here in a couple hour . he will meet you at the airport . buddy disconnect . Dr. gill hold for a moment , click over to another line , dial a new number ... wait . dr . gill ... he 's in Lake tahoe . CUT back to : buddy still stand there next to the phone , wince , breathe shallow , look down , rub he chest . israel be cool , be cool , be cool ...c' mon ... he walk over to the bureau , cut line of coke await he . he bend , insert a roll hundred into he nostril . israel ( cont 'd ) just this last little bit , then we be do , just this tiny bit and that 's it , that 's it , all of it , over -- he snort . CUT back to : int . penthouse suite -- continuous beanie , try to assist the ail hooker . she lurch suddenly , retching , projectile - vomit dousing beanie 's versace -- drip dung - like from he shirt front . beanie awwww , motherfuck I ! c'mon woman ! hold you shit ! this be silk ! the other hooker 's titter turn to outright guffaw . barf - girl take umbrage , hurl she purse at they , rush into the herd , throw haymaker asswild , snatching wig , sink fake nail into skin , snap they off , Van helsing style . the fur fly , a slugfest free-for-all . ivy intervene -- beanie jump into the fray , separate combatant -- one of 34 . they wield she pump heel like a pick -axe . Hugo head another off hooker , hit she like a blit linebacker . Israel , who have walk back out , look on with total disdain for what he 's see ... then , he catch he reflection in a live room mirror , a profound sense of sadness there . israel ( to himself , quiet ) ... how the mighty have fall ... we push past he ... in the distance , on the lake , a small boat , a man sit inside , gaze up through a pair of binocular . carruther ( v.o. ) he 's awake . CUT to : int . " tahoe skillet " restaurant -- morning the fed occupy a booth , black coffee for both . carruther click off a cellphone . messner be engross in a file clipped with old surveillance photograph of primo sparazza . carruther spotter on the lake confirm Israel . penthouse level . there be apparently a fisticuff with some prostitute . he be not involved . he 's also have he people phone a local madame for another group of girl . messner no rest for the wick . ( beat , hold up file ) why be we never show this file ? we be sit on sparazza for what ? six month now and we be just see this ? ( beat , read ) do you know that he 's have have thirty - six major medical procedure perform on he since 1953 ? ( flip , read ) elective plastic surgery , every single one -- messner , turn the file toward carruther , point . messner ( cont 'd ) -- look at this , look at the work he 's have do ; nose , three time , eye , eyelid , chin , jaw - - he 's have he jaw do a dozen time . ( more ) 35 . messner ( cont 'd ) you take every hasbeen actor in Hollywood they have not be cut this much . messner flip to another part of the file . messner ( cont 'd ) unreal , this guy jacket too . Wall - to - wall major felony offense , murder , extortion , arson , grand larceny -- ( beat , point ) -- a paternity suit ... I just feel like we be play catch - up with all this and we should not be . carruther welcome to the new Bureau . nobody share information anymore , it 's become synonymous with job security . messner base on what we have , I think sparazza be a mid-level player at best and it turn out he 's this mob relic , run the show out west . carruther nod , sip he coffee . carruther he 's stay below the radar . you do not kill a hundred and thirty people without know how to tip-toe . messner flip the file , find a page paper - clipped with a photograph of murder / martyre Federal agent Freeman heller . messner but the Bureau know sparazza kill heller . why not go after he , gun blaze ' for that one ? carruther heller be bury in agency lore , anytime a operative fail or be perceive to have fail , Hoover blackball they memory . look at ness . messner yeah , but the untouchable take down capone . heller get shot and kill . the bad guy beat he . worse , sparazza walk . messner sit back , kill the remainder of he coffee , gaze out the window , watch sightseer stream by . carruther glance at he watch . 36 . carruther it 's almost five a.m. in D.C. now . locke say the lawyer from justice have be in there since three o'clock yesterday afternoon . Israel 's manager be act as he attorney and that 's what 's hold thing up . the waitress arrive with breakfast , set it down . messner so he have no idea what 's about to happen ? carruther no . and I want to be in that room a half second after mecklen call to say the deal 's do . we have get a sheriff 's task force on stand - by . messner what about the hotel staff obstruct we . Israel 's obviously pay off the management . carruther tamper with a witness extraction of this magnitude make everyone indictable at the federal level . ( beat , grin ) trust I , we will not any problem with the hotel staff . you show them you id with the letter " f.b.i. " in all cap and it 's instant compliance . I have see in happen a hundred time . CUT to : f.b.i. badge and identification it fill the the frame . a o.s. voice explain : voice ( o.s. ) special agent Gerald Diego , Federal Bureau of investigation , San Francisco field Office . int . nomad HOTEL and casino -- lobby / reception -- day pull back to reveal : Gerald Diego ...aka pasquale acosta , aka " El estrago " the most notorious torture - murder specialist in the biz in convincing disguise . his suit , mannerism and speech . pitch perfect ... he 's get the fake - fed bit down cold . acosta we be conduct a series of impromptu inspection for the nevada Gaming ( more ) 37 . acosta ( cont 'd ) Commission . I would like to speak with you head of security . a pimply casino employee nod , dash off to find the boss . acosta glance around , take in the eight - dollar - an- hour security , the array of quasi-armed guard ... and smile . deek ( v.o. ) where would you get this ? CUT to : Guard uniform , exactly like that we have just see , wear by the nomad 's security staff . maroon with burnish gold button and brown piping down the slack . Three separate vestment laid out across the trunk of a rental car . camera pull back to reveal : ext . parking lot -- off the lake -- day dupree and deek in a empty parking lot , bundle up in windbreaker , battle the freeze spindrift swirl in off the lake . dupree same place that rent the guard 's uniform . there 's a shift change at 9am . graveyard go home and we can blend in with the day shift come on . deek what about access card ? pass key ? dupree we will have to get we hand on they . there 's two separate unit ; casino floor / Count room Security and General Hotel Security -- ( annoyed , nod to car ) do he want to hear this or what ? deek bang on the hood of the car . deek hollis ! elmore step out , move slowly to the rear of the car . dupree nobody put a gun to you head . elmore lean against the bumper , bored . elmore yeah , we have be through that . 38 . dupree then quit act like somebody shit in you cereal bowl . reed just give we fifty grand . elmore -- Jack , what be I do ? I be stand here , be not I ? ( beat , to both man ) should not that be enough ? that I make the trip ? dupree you attitude suck . elmore I be accuse of worse . ( glance at uniform ) what do we get ...? dupree , dubious , do he continue ...? fine. fuck it . dupree two security level , the one we be go in under the guise of , hotel security , have restrict access . they be mostly there to monitor the lobby , handle disturbance on the different floor and toss out drunk . ( beat ) there 's a thirty - five member employee rotation go from graveyard to day shift . if we split up , we can blend in and enter unnotice . once we be inside the hotel , we will regroup . elmore then what -- --a plymouth barracuda pass by , brake hard , reverse . the trio stop talk , look over ... and then they life end . bad intention blaze from the driver 's side , machine - gun burst -- dupree be hit flush , dead on he foot , he die think , cut comically short ; " I have that car in high scho -- deek , shred where he stand , he body absorb a fusillade of round travel at twice the speed of sound . one crease elmore 's skull , another blow out deek ' back , fragment , claim three finger from elmore 's leave hand . the three of they fall in weird , waterlogged flop , no die breath , no death rattles , just light out ... just like that . several second pass . then the car door open and the tremor Brothers , like circus clown , clamber out in a cloud of gun and reefer smoke . lester tremor , the dandruff - cake , pockmark middle brother be the first out . he shake off the cold , yawn , stretch , revealing all manner of tattoo . 39 . the tremor ' youngest brother , the baby - huey size jeeve tremor bumble out , pull at he crotch . he unzip &amp ; rip , baptize the cuda 's tire with a truly prodigious piss . darwin tremor climb from the car , the eldest brother , straw boss , brain of the outfit . he look down at the dead man , seem sadden by they state . some remorse maybe ? maybe so . jeeve tremor ( still pissing ) luvin ' that , rat-tat -tat -tat , clean as a nun 's snatch on kristal nacht ! lester tremor ( stop sing ) shut up fuckass , they spirit be not vacate yet , s'keep quiet . jeeve tremor they spirt can kiss my chinese ass . lester tremor ... you ain't no chinese ! this exchange prompt jeeve to turn and urinate on lester . lester squeal war cry , launching a wild windmill barrage on he behemoth little brother . jeeve ignore the hydrant - like urine stream soaking they both and start swinging back . darwin kneel down over the dead Jack dupree , take Jack 's face in he hand and squeezing back and forth , add he own word in what amount to a freakish ventriloquist act . dupree ( dead ) ... I forgive you darwin . darwin tremor shoot , I appreciate that man . dupree if I need you i.d. and you car and I and my brother be want by the law , I woulda kill you to get them too . darwin tremor you woulda ? dupree oh hell yeah . we 's just in the wrong place at the wrong time . so do not feel so bad dude . darwin tremor damn ... alright then . dupree I do not mind now anyway . ( more ) 40 . dupree ( cont 'd ) you know , up here in Heaven , it 's beautiful . Way better than fuckin' Hawaii or any place like that . darwin 's eye begin to well , the tear come slowly . in the background , lester and jeeve beat e ach other ruthlessly . darwin tremor really ? dupree I be glad I be here . I love it . I be gonna get laid by some fine ass angel and then go hang out with Jesus and they . darwin wipe he eye . darwin tremor man , that 's great . dupree I get it make in the shade amigo . hey , I will see you up here some day , do not worry . darwin tremor you think so ? darwin use he thumb and forefinger to make it appear as though dupree we be smile up at he . dupree I know so . darwin smile back down at the corpse , wiping he nose on he sleeve . he reach down and pull out dupree 's wallet . he spot the bondsman 's license , eyeball the bail papers : he see the name ROBERT israel in bold type . put it together . darwin tremor damn Jack ... you be after the same sacka shit as we ... small world . darwin continue the pat down , pause , pull the envelope with fifty grand inside , finger fresh bill . with he free hand he manipulate dupree 's dead mouth one last time . dupree do not tell you asshole brother you know about it , that money be for you old boy . darwin , a nod of acknowledgement for the dead dupree . 41 . darwin tremor I appreciate that pard ... I wish I coulda be a better friend . darwin stand , his eye move to the guard 's uniform , still laid out across the trunk ... he look over at he two brother , jeeve now with a lenny -like hammerlock on lester 's head . darwin tremor ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) alright enough grabassin ' goddamit ! we need t'get over t'that hotel . watter ( v.o. ) we be already here baby . CUT to : int . nomad HOTEL and casino -- lobby -- morning watter be once again on she cellphone to Lorenzo . wyman ( o.s. ) ( on the phone ) so everything 's cool then ? watter we sit down with padiche , he try to get some detail which we be not gonna give up , but it 's all good . we goin ' check sis in first , ' fore I check in across the street . syke arrive at the reception counter when the elevator open - - and Israel 's hooker , post - brawl bruise , bloody and barefoot , come staggering out . they slur insult at the security team , break heel sling over they shoulder , wig misalign , miniskirt mangle . syke trade look with watter as if assess something , nodd almost imperceptibly to one another . watter then wink , something sexual there ... it give syke the shiver . the hooker be surround by a horde of hotel staff and summarily whisk away . watter join syke . the woman behind the counter check syke in , look up to see watter . woman will you be need a room with two double bed ? syke ( quickly ) no , we be not together . watter , a grin . watter c'mon baby , do not be shy . ( more ) 42 . watter ( cont 'd ) ( to woman ) just one bed please . ( beat , to syke smile ) although if we sweat that one up , we goin ' need some clean sheet . ( as syke pull away ) c'mon girl , you know I be play ! syke look uneasily at the counter woman , who keep she eye lock on the computer in front of she . watter ( cont 'd ) ( over she shoulder to the depart hooker ) .. if ya will let hoochie like that stay up in here , ya will must be burn sheet by the ton . the woman just smile that monstrously insincere " I be here to help ! " smile , offer nothing in response . watter ( cont 'd ) you just goin ' grin ? y'ai not goin comment on that , at all ? trampy ass skeezer , doin ' damage they be not even smart enough to see . that do not gall you at all ? ( beat , closer ) bitches like that be the same one runnin ' feminism right to the brink girl . bitches like that the reason mafuckas do not take we species seriously . we jus ' meat for male consumption , we jus ' piece a'ass and pussy , something ' pretty in lipstick and eye liner can suck cock . syke , embarrassed , nudging watter , knock -it-off ... watter ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) bitches like that make I weep for what could be -- if we could all , sister everywhere , black , white , yellow and brown , put we shit down one time , unify front , the force of the female race , mobilize , move as one ... the woman , smile severely strain , the pro-feminist diatribe fall on decidedly deaf ear . a awkward beat , then ; syke I be gonna need a mini-bar key too . CUT to : 43. a mini-bar be open . a hand reach in , extract two small bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey and a bottle of seltzer . int . nomad HOTEL room -- lower floor the figure cross the room , pour the seltzer onto a towel . he kneel down , dabbing a spot on the carpet , fresh spill , deep red , indelible .. the seltzer do not bring it up . the stain remain , smear now but unmistakable ... blood . the figure stand . in the bathroom behind he , we see a body , male , late - 50' , truss up , hang by he foot over the tub and ble out . the figure walk in , take a Polaroid , turn it upside down near the man 's face and fire off a photo . he cross back into the bedroom . the result photo be tuck into the corner of a dresser mirror as it develop . as the figure sit , we pan over to reveal : lazlo soot : world class assassin slash master of disguise . the slowly develop polaroid depict the same face that we now see in the mirror . soot touch up the putty and plastic appliance on he face , smoothing , sealing ... he take up a small micro-cassette recorder , rewind , push play . a butler 's uniform , steam and press , hang on the door . he take it down and begin change into it . lazlo soot ( on recorder ) -- keep calm . he glance over at the bed . the dead man 's voice crackle back over the recorder . dead man ( on recorder ) I be a employee , I -- I do not know wh -- they do not let I speak to h- - lazlo soot ( on recorder ) -- say you name . then say " how can I be of assistance . " soot , back to the mirror , buttone he collar , straighten he cuff , smoothing out the crease . dead man ( on recorder ) I do not understand . lazlo soot ( on recorder ) I do not ask for you understanding . I ask you to say you name , follow by the phrase " how can I be of assistance . " beat . soot look down at the silencer-fitted 9 mm pistol lie on the vanity . 44 . lazlo soot ( on recorder ) ( cont 'd ) last chance . a pause , then : dead man ( on recorder ) my name be vitoli . how can I be of assistance . lazlo soot ( on recorder ) thank you . a muffle gunshot sound . the recorder abruptly shut off . soot , gaze at he reflection now , rewind the recorder , replay , listen , gaug the man 's vocal pattern -- rough baltic accent , throaty warble , excessive smoke &amp ; booze exposure , tracheal damage . tough to match . he rehearse one . soot my name be vitoli . how can I be of assistance . he grimace , grab cigarettes off the bureau , light , wail smokestack , puffing three at once , bellow - like lungful -- he grab a aerosol can from the same bureau , strafe the back of he throat , pop the top on the bottle of Jack , kill they both , gag , sputter , recover , adjust himself . suddenly , the phone begin to ring . soot stop , stare . after another ring , he lift the receiver , soot ( cont 'd ) ( into phone , cautious ) this be vitoli . how can I be of assistance . Hugo croop 's voice boom from the earpiece . hugo answer you fuck page ! I have be call for fifteen minute , we need you up here to clean now ! israel ( v.o. ) that 's right ! right now ! CUT to : int . penthouse suite -- nomad HOTEL &amp ; casino -- morning Israel , sequester to he bedroom , lie on a baby - grand piano , its leg inexplicably saw off during the previous night 's hedonism . in he hand , the de riguer deck of card , restlessly shuffle and reshuffle ... Cocaine have be lovingly cut and arrange in neat , snortable row atop the piano . in the b.g. we see hugo on the phone to vitoli / soot . 45 . israel they be gonna give on this in the next ten second or the deal 's off ! mecklen ( o.s. ) I dunno what to say to you sweetheart , it be what it be . israel bullshit it be . I say , about as loud as I could say it , " no jail time for my guy . " CUT to : int . four season HOTEL -- WASHINGTON D.C. -- day Morris mecklen , sleepless , sweat ring blossoming armpit to waist . he pick at the plate of room service food in front of he . a group of fed and fed lawyer linger in the b.g . mecklen and they be not go give there pally . they be brick we on that particular issue . mecklen glance back over he shoulder , lowering he voice . mecklen ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) baby , I have be co-habit with this people for the past thirty odd hour and in so do , have stare into the face of hell . this be the premier prick cocksucker of all time and I feel beat by they , I feel bloody -- israel -- and you be gonna feel altogether fuck , by I , if you do not handle this . I be the one , do the face plant , this fall apart , not you . buddy 's rub he chest -- grimace -- he lay back on the piano , hoist a vial of blow , press a nostril , do a bump . mecklen ( v.o. ) and I vibe that kiddo , I do indeed , but it 's one 'a that fait accompli thing , you have to -- israel I do not have to do shit ! which include cooperate any further with this motherfucker until I get what I want ! ( more ) 46 . israel ( cont 'd ) ( beat , consider , look over at Hugo ) alright , fuck it , if we gotta hand them somebody from we end and they be be hard - on about it -- make it Hugo , he I do not mind . he need that regiment thing that prison provide -- mecklen -- buddy , it 's bigger than that , they want them all , ivy , beanie - - israel -- this be not a swap meet morrey , they be get sparazza and the west coast syndicate , giftwrap , now if that 's not good enough -- the fed be signal mecklen back into the main room . mecklen -- listen kid , let 's not antagonize this any more . I get them back down on the book and t.v. deal . they be agree to give you all the after tax profit , so you can come away with some chit and live comfortably . if we push this , they will revoke you protective status , which nullify any agreement you get with the government ... now that 's mate and checkmate kiddo and once that happen , the shit will start fall down around you ear , real fast . buddy 's head teeter back , bang on the key , sour chord , think ... think ... he take the deck , fire the card up in a perfect column above he head , snatching one random out of the air with he right . he turn it over , look ... joker . israel alright ... do it . in the shadow at the far end of the room , tuck into the midday shadow , ivy listen as he boss betray they all ... carruther ( v.o. ) Israel just roll . CUT to : ext . tahoe skillet " restaurant -- morning the fed , head toward they car , carruther snap he cellphone shut . 47 . messner he 's give they up ? carruther all of them . his entire entourage . I think we should move . messner do the justice lawyer sign off ? carruther that 's happen in about ten minute . Israel 's at optimum risk of flight right now , so we can not wait . they reach they car . messner what about the sheriff 's task force ? carruther have they mobilize . I will phone security and have the elevator lock down and stairwell secure . we need to keep Israel sequester in that penthouse . security supervisor ( v.o. ) no , I be sorry , the penthouse be currently under construction . int . nomad HOTEL and casino -- security room -- day S.A. Gerald Diego , alias pasquale acosta , speak with " Bill " security supervisor for the nomad . bank of video monitor surround they , display the various game area and VIP floor ... two of the screen be completely black out . acosta ( to Bill ) can I speak to you privately ? the supervisor nod , dismiss he staff , call after one . security supervisor Gary , let 's get we personnel up in the catwalk over twelve , that stickman have be act odd and I do not like the roll that table have be get . employee get it . acosta wait for the door to close , leave only himself and the supervisor in the room . 48 . acosta it 's gotta be tough keep a eye on everything . security supervisor and everybody , all the time . yeah , it 's a chore . acosta laugh , keep it loose . acosta so , Bill , if I understand this right , you currently have you penthouse floor under construction ? security supervisor that 's correct . acosta ( point to monitor ) but with this down , do not that pose a major security concern if , as you say , you have to keep a eye on everything at all time ? security supervisor well , we be worried about dust and debris from the work be do ruin the camera , so -- acosta -- so you shut they off ? the supervisor , quick to amend . security supervisor yes , but no -- we have personnel station at both end of that hall , twenty - four hour a day . acosta what kind of personnel ? CUT to : the nomad 's crack unit , security staffer cum bodyguard : the casino 's version of a swat team : six ex - cop / military type -- bowl buddy , brushcut and potgut -- they carry colt .380 auto , religiously keep , strictly range -fire . security supervisor ( v.o. ) right now ? a six man security force , plus a member of we butler staff . so seven man total . CUT back to scene : 49 . acosta you have a butler work that floor ? CUT to : vitoli , aka lazlo soot , step onto a lower - floor elevator , push a service cart tucking the 'mm into he waistband . CUT back to scene : the supervisor sputter -- stammer , realize he just slip . security supervisor uh -- well , yes , uh just in term of the man up there now , my team , he 's serve lunch and dinner and just do general upkeep so -- acosta so there be no guest stay on that floor ? the supervisor make a big show of the headshake " no .... " security supervisor no . none at present . acosta grin , take a step closer . acosta c'mon Bill ... you have get some sultan up there , one of you whale , big - spender , like a lot of space , you cook up this " construction " thing ...? security supervisor no , no , no . we have be look to renovate that area of we hotel for some time now . the security team be only present to preserve floor integrity , due to the roof access . acosta be you security team armed ? security supervisor of course . yes . acosta and who have access to that floor ? the supervisor ... something like suspicion in he eye . the secure " hotline " begin to ring . the supervisor look over at the phone , then back at acosta ... the unflappable pro . 50 . acosta ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) Bill , listen , I can ask you now and you can answer I , or I can drag you up to San Francisco and depose you in front of a federal judge . because that 's where we be head here . bullshit , but it sound good . the supervisor start for the ringing hotline . security supervisor I be sorry , but I be go to need to see you identification again . we be cover some sensitive material here and I need to safeguard myself , I be sure you can understand . acosta , reach into he coat . acosta of course , but if you could just tell I who have access to that floor -- the supervisor touch a pass key that he wear on a chain around he neck as he move to answer the phone . security supervisor -- I hold the sole pass key and personally relieve the shift myself . now if I could get you id we can -- -- acosta , come out of he coat , fake id in hand , the supervisor reach for it and the ringing phone simultaneously -- suddenly a six - inch , spring - load stiletto blade explode from acosta 's sleeve , pierce the id - - pin it to the supervisor 's chest . a surprised grunt from the man as blood begin to pour from he puncture sternum . the blade retract . the phone sit tremble in the supervisor 's hand , --a voice -- carruther 's , tinny and barely audible , warble from the other end - voice ( over phone ) hello ? this be special agent Donald carruther of the FBI , I need a -- acosta take the phone from the stunne supervisor , replace it on the console . the supervisor , still confuse by the exchange , want to speak , but unsure of what to say ... he gaze down to the red blossom fan across he shirt front . security supervisor be ...that ... blood ? acosta pocket he id as he yank the pass key off the supervisor 's neck . his natural accent return . 51 . acosta yes it be and right now it 's fill you lung . in less than a minute , you will asphyxiate and pass out . you should not be feel any pain now . the supervisor 's knee begin to buckle , nervous system slowly shutting down . acosta steady he , ease he to the floor . acosta ( cont 'd ) Close you eye . think of something wonderful . do not make this face the last thing you ever see . ( beat , in Spanish ) Heaven may hold it against you . the supervisor , unblink , a almost childlike clarity there . security supervisor ... be I really die ...? acosta , deadpan . acosta Bill -- ( out of respect ) willliam ... ( pause ) we be all die ... Bill the supervisor almost smile as he breathes he last breath ... acosta check for a pulse , then drag he body toward a service closet . as he pass one of the video monitor ... ... we see on - screen : the employee entrance , grave and swing shift on they way out , day shift on it 's way in . mix in with this personnel rotation , each do he inconspicuous best ... the Brothers tremor . CUT to : int . employee entrance -- day darwin , lester and jeeve , clad in full security attire , stand apart so as not to appear together , head down , hand shove into they pocket . darwin bird - dog both he brother , monitoring they movement , use hand signal and some bizarre inbred semaphore to communicate with they . they pass through and punch in , signing time sheet . the surround security staff oblivious to the new face . the brother enter the lower floor , move through the hotel 's fitness center and indoor pool . a kid do a cannonball as they pass as we ... CUT to : 52 . a cloud bog -- come to -- consciousness , then , retching , gag gasp , throat ablaze with bile , liquid clear convulse lung , breath in burn spasm -- not enough air . ext . lake -- day elmore sit up in the sub-zero shallow of Lake tahoe with a start , stripped naked , shaking uncontrollably , he skin a deep bruise blue . dull pain quickly define -- pinpoint , bore in , bone deep ... death can not hurt this much . he get he breathe under control , the onset of hypothermia turn he fingertip black -- he leave hand , lighter three digit -- he look , comprehension spark but can not catch -- he stare impassively at the rag space , for the moment , he do not seem to mind they absence . he grope the side of he head , bullet - graze , blood congeal by the cold , the concussion he suffer have leave a massive migraine behind . he crawl from the water , muscle cramping , knotting up . he reach the sand , unable to pull himself up any further . he turn back , see the body of deek and dupree , face down , the lazy lake tide gently lift and lowering they ... messner ( v.o. ) double homicide , gunshot vic , both of them dumped in the lake . that 's where the sheriff 's task force be . CUT to : int . car -- day carruther and messner , hectic , speed through the south shore of Lake tahoe , cellphone pin to they ear . messner ( back into he phone ) deputy , have you make any id 's ? carruther ( cup phone , to messner ) get a coroner 's estimate too . ( back into he cell ) -- miss , I have be transfer and I be disconnect . no one be answer and I need someone from security to pick up that line . it 's urgent . messner , nodd as he listen . messner dep -- deputy , I be go to put you on speaker , I have agent carruther in the car with I . ( beat to carruther ) you need to hear this . 53. messner click over , the deputy voice fill the car . sheriff deputy -- no have a pend id on a Jack dupree , appear to be a bondsman out of Las Vegas . he be just roll and print by we medical examiner . messner and carruther trade look . carruther be there anything recover ? sheriff deputy ( o.s. ) we find a handwritten receipt in he pocket for what look like uniform rental . the name and phone number of the rental house be not list , messner what kind of uniform ? sheriff deputy ( o.s. ) receipt be not specific , the uniform be just list as maroon in color . carruther mash the floorboard , brake smoke , power swerve , slice the rent Taurus across four lane of traffic . messner alright , deputy , we will be there as soon as possible , until we arrive , I need you to limit physical access and restrict movement to and from the crime scene . clear ? messner click off . carruther maroon uniform ? messner yeah . have you be able to get through to the nomad 's security ? carruther no. ( beat , decision ) I be go over there . you take the car from there , get out to the lake . carruther push 110 mph , barrel toward the nomad , blow through traffic -- both man pull out ifb / earpiece apparatus , plugging in , check they signal . messner you go up to the penthouse alone ? 54 . carruther pull a .45 from he holster , drive with he knee now , he jack the slide , check for a chamber round . carruther yeah . the slide release -- syke ( v.o. ) that 's a bad move . CUT to : int . nomad HOTEL suite -- day syke , stow a Glock 'mm , tweak the earpiece / mic combo she 's wear -- get primp , leather mini-skirt , lace garter , thigh - high platform boot ; hooker de coutage . watter ( o.s. ) why ? syke ' cuz we do not need to draw any more shit down on we head . we hit whoever 's between we and Israel . I do not want to dead the whole floor and I do not want to be kill woman no matter how they make a live . watter wait , I be get some fuck up feedback off that earpiece -- syke pull she earpiece , adjust something , re-insert it . syke better ? whip pan transition to : int . horizon HOTEL and casino -- same the Hotel just across the street from the nomad . watter on a headset , talk to syke , look out the window . watter much . on a room service tray near watter ; scanner monitor call and in - house transmission within the nomad . syke what be you hearin ' right now ? watter adjust one of the scanner , search for a signal . 55 . watter nuthin ' , we cool . there be something ' about a feed be in the building . intercut between the two syke a fed ? like FBI ? watter it 's just a little casino inspection , do not trip , he 's alone . ( beat , then ) alright , let 's set this spinnin ' ... syke check she reflection , make sure she holster be not peek out , weapon adequately conform to she curve . syke when they trick hit the lobby , holla at I and I be gonna meet they on the way up , blend in . once I get inside , I 'mma put m'e Nina to Israel 's head and back out hot . anybody 's fuck with that program , y'break them off . they get gully -- watter I 'mma grip and rip girl . ( hold up a red - tip bullet ) I get some handload here ready to cut head . syke jus ' remember , this be more rescuin ' shit than rampagin ' shit ... what be you shootin ' ? watter ... girl , y'know I have to bring big mamma through . pull back to reveal a .50 caliber sniper-rifle on a tri-pod , jutting just past the window , zeroed ut on the penthouse level of the nomad . syke you get the fifty up ? bitch y' tryin ' t'take down a jumbo jet ? blown the moon out the sky ? t'fuck you wanna get that grimy ? watter the try t'wild out on my boo and it 's on and crackin ' ! I be layin ' niggas out . 56 . syke damn , this kevlar ridin ' up on I , I wish they make this more sheer . watter put she eye to the scope , scan , find syke in the crosshair across the way , adjust she outfit . watter settles on she , watch ... something vaguely creepy about this bit of voyeurism . she nuzzle the Barrett close . watter mmmm . I tell you , I snuggle up with big girl here and my pussy start t'drip . syke grimace . watter see it , smile to herself . watter ( cont 'd ) ... so you hear from keith ? he still fuckin ' with that ' lil light - skinned girl ? syke I be not tryin ' to break a sweat for that sorry ass nigga . watter he a dog babydoll . he a great dane . I try to tell y'after ya will first date . he hit that ass one time , he interest in a bitch start t'landslide . syke you know I burn all he shit . all that vinyl . chalamar , funkadelic , I burn he turntable too . they be like three - thousand brand new . watter fuck that nigga . let he go woof on some other scrub . we get one another , s'all the love we be ever goin ' need . syke say nothing for a moment , watter just watch she through the crosshair , she finger idly flick the trigger in a strangely perverse gesture . finally : syke girl , lemme ask you something ' and I want you t'tell I straight up , since I get my suspicion and y'know I be not one t'talk circle ... you gay ? watter what !? syke ai not nuthin ' wrong wit ' it . 57 . watter damn ! why you trippin ' like that ? syke -- I do not know , I feel like you always pushin ' up on I , gettin ' close and I love you baby , in every way you can love a bitch , ' cept that one . watter I be not even goin ' dignify that . you my road dog . we throw up set . ( beat , let it sit ) plus you stank . syke ( laugh now ) fuck you . watter spot something outside , grab a pair of binocular , look down ... binoculars p.o.v. : four obvious call girl disembark a taxi , mylar - color micro-minis , fuck - I heel , cheap shoulder bag . they smoke , laugh , chit-chat . watter alright girl , the ho train have arrive . four of them . syke , grab she bag , drop spare clip inside and start for the door . syke ... I be on my way out , I be just gonna hang in the hallway until they start up in the elevator . watter load a red-tipped round into the breach of the fifty . watter just get in there and do you thing baby ... mamma got you . SNAP zoom on bullet as she slam the action forward , load the round we smash CUT to black . ... dial tone over black . a phone ring . a voice answer . fade up on : a reel - to- reel machine activate , begin to record -- a sticker on the pick - up spool read : " property of the f.b.i . " CUT to : montage the player take they place . over this image we hear : 58 . serna ( v.o. ) buzzy ... buzz ...? padiche ( v.o. ) yeah ... sid ? serna ( v.o. ) right , you get click , anything ? padiche ( v.o. ) Nah , nuthin ' on my end -- vitoli , aka lazlo soot : arrive at the penthouse level , exchange nod with the security team , push he service cart out of the elevator and down the hall , through a metal detector , which go off . vitoli / soot shrug , gesture to he stainless steel cart . the security team wave he through . serna ( v.o. ) so how we lookin' ? padiche ( v.o. ) good . this thing 's on track , look like it 's gonna get do . serna ( v.o. ) fuckin ' thrilled t'hear it . so the scout , the sitdown , y'musta feel it from them then huh ? padiche ( v.o. ) cold blood sid , dead eye , y'know ? pasquale acosta : now wear the nametag of " Bill " the recently decease Security supervisor . he button he red blazer , hang the penthouse pass key around he neck as he move through the lobby , carry a small briefcase . serna ( v.o. ) that 's what we be countin ' on . what would they say when you go for specifics ? the tremor Brothers : duffel bag strain with the horrible , shit inside . they move toward a service elevator , swapping pill bottle , down overdose amount , repeat " mein kampf " recitation as they push the elevator 's call button . padiche ( v.o. ) lil ' cagey , y'know , do not like t'share trade secret , that type 'a thing . serna ( v.o. ) okay -- yeah , I can , I respect that . padiche ( v.o. ) how be we on time ...? 59 . hollis elmore : frantically ringing the alley delivery doorbell of a local souvenir shop - - naked , freeze , delirious , near - death , he have drag himself there . serna ( v.o. ) well , I be hearin ' the swede 's be dispatch , he 's fly so -- padiche well , uh -- damn , alright , so he 's head in , do that -- where do that leave we ? agent messner : watch as the body of dupree and deek be haul from the lake by sheriff 's personnel . he walk the shoreline , search for clue , on he cellphone , try to reach Security at the nomad . serna ( v.o. ) -- in a foot race right now . really a matter of who out hustle who , y'know ... agent carruther : plugging in he headset as he reach the front of the nomad , leaping out , rush inside , holster he gun for the moment . padiche ( v.o. ) so we gotta get t' Israel pretty quick for this to fly , yeah ? I think ? Georgia syke ; pull a small revolver from she garter - holster , annoyed , rub the chaff area , reach the elevator , lean back against the wall , wait . serna ( v.o. ) basically -- it would really be the best thing right now , yeah . can not give up the ship now buzzy -- sharice watter ; her eye go to the rifle-scope ... she make subtle adjustment to the target - ring -- p.o.v . -- Israel 's penthouse sit in the crosshair . we see a figure , just beyond the glass ... a shimmer shape , move within . padiche ( v.o . ) -- no , no , not when y'can see the shore . I hear ya . serna ( v.o. ) okay , well , y'know , then we just gotta get Israel . padiche ( v.o. ) I be work on it . serna ( v.o. ) bag this fucker buzzy . 60 . padiche ( v.o. ) it 's gettin ' do sid . watter track the figure -- finger find the trigger as we smash CUT to : black fade up on : camera dolly in on -- primo sparazza , bedrid , blink at the nothingness around he ... a life on its last leg ... a die man determine to outlive he last enemy ... buddy Israel . fade out : fade in up on : FBI director locke , receive a confidential package , signing for it , tear it open , review the paperwork inside . the color drain from he face , casting he cadaver - like . his phone ring , he quickly snatch up the receiver . locke ... yes ? yes sir ... I be look at it now ... what do this -- mean exactly ? ( long pause ) ... what ? ( longer pause ) ... good God ... ( back down at paperwork ) .. good God ... ( shell - shocked pause ) no , the two of they attach , agent 's carruther and messner . I would like to notify they immedia - - locke be cut off sharply , listen ... as he do , he pull he personal primo sparazza file from a separate pile , flip through , find a sheet , extract it ... it 's a copy of the paternity suit , bring against sparazza in 1967 . he read ... locke ( cont 'd ) ( still on phone ) understood Sir ... they will not be contact ... I be leave now . CUT to : ext . tahoe INTERNATIONAL airport -- day a learjet touch down . the camera track , finding : Dr. gill , at a payphone , the cacophonous racket of taxiing aircraft force he to repeat every other sentence . dr . gill I be here , where 's the car ? 61 . israel ( o.c. over phone ) I send Hugo , he should be there ! gill look around . dr . gill well I do not see he . p.o.v . -- camera pan around with he ... gill should I take a taxi or what ? israel ( o.c. over phone ) no , wait there . he will be there . ... as we find : ext . tahoe INTERNATIONAL airport -- tarmac -- same a learjet unload passenger -- the swede step down off the plane , dress as we last see he , carry the same black leather valise . he 's accompany by two sparazza thug who quickly escort he to a await car . the swede look over , see gill at the payphone ... the two seem to acknowledge one another as the swede quickly climb into the car and close the door -- CUT to : int . penthouse suite -- day a door open -- revealing vitoli the butler , aka lazlo soot , stand behind it . he 's with one of the security team member ; wax mustache , polo-shirt , gut suck in . mustache here he be . beanie , glaring at both of they . beanie ( to mustache ) why you always gotta be announcin ' this fool like he some mafuck and muckamuck !? what , ' cuz he get a accent , y' goin ' treat this cracker like he do not be scrubbin ' toilet seat !? nigga please ! ( beat , to vitoli / soot ) speakin ' of scrubbin ' - - where the fuck you be ? I know Hugo be pagin ' you like a mufucka -- soot -- my name be vitoli , how can I be of service . 62 . beanie ( annoyed ) I know you name man ! what 's wrong wit ' chu !? ( back to mustache ) why you stand there fool ? you make you money watch the hall . get y'ey back where they belong ! mustache nod . beanie slam the door on he . soot , inside now , scan , make split - second evaluation -- what 's - where , who 's - where , he pick up voice from the master bedroom -- CUT to : int . penthouse suite -- master bedroom -- day clothing everywhere . Israel 's top dollar wardrobe , designer suit , wad up into ball and stuff into a garment bag . he 's do more cocaine , talk to himself , babbling the classic addict 's " do n't- worry - it will - to- be-alright " monologue . israel ( call ) ivy ! why be not Hugo at the airport !? it 's a fifteen minute trip ! ivy , he menace go malignant , quietly step out of the shadow ... Israel have no idea that he 's be there all along . israel ( cont 'd ) ( turn back to ivy ) well what the fuck !? I get the Doc in town , I need he here ! call Hugo , find out where the car be ! ivy do not budge , just stand there , stare hard . ivy so what would mecklen have to say ? Israel stiffen , board -straight , the guilt goose he . ivy turn the burner slow . israel they be get close . it 's down to a handful of deal point now . ivy but it 's all good right ? Israel almost choke on he own smile , nodd . sir ivy so we be all travel together , get swear , give we statement -- Israel start zipping up some of he bag . 63. israel -- I dunno the way it 's gonna play out , but -- yeah , it will probably go something like that . ivy unbutton he coat . a .50 Cal ride in he shoulder - rig . Israel avert he eye . ivy let the moment load up ... then ; sir ivy you believe in loyalty , do n'tcha ? ( pause , then ) ' specially the kind of loyalty where a otherwise sensible motherfucker put he own best interest aside to selflessly serve another . ' cuz outside a goddamn dog , that kinda loyalty , my kinda shit , do not get any more dedicated , or deep , or devout ... Israel , unnerve now -- spot a small handgun stick out of he bag . he cover it with the bedspread , look up at ivy . israel ... what be you tryin ' to say ? carruther ( v.o. ) what I have be say . get I you head of security right now . CUT to : int . nomad HOTEL and casino -- lobby -- same carruther , brace the same casino employee acosta brace earlier . College kid , patch -acne , panic-stricken , stammer , struggle , a phone stick to he hand -- casino employee -- I do not -- it 's just -- I can not reach he . he 's not pick up the extensio -- carruther -- I know that . which floor be they on ? the kid 's skittish gaze shift , lock on a figure move through the lobby . casino employee ( with great relief ) wait -- he -- there , that 's one of we guy the -- carruther break off , move for the man in the maroon jacket head toward the elevator . he reach he , put a hand on he shoulder . 64 . carruther Excuse I , sir . the man turn ... his nametag read " Bill . " bill / acosta yes . carruther badge he . carruther special agent Donald carruther . we have get a situation develop here in you hotel . acosta have fully assume the identity of the murder security supervisor . the pimply kid at counter eyeball he , confuse . acosta step behind carruther , block himself from view . bill / acosta how can I help you ? carruther lead he toward a await elevator . carruther I need to get to you penthouse level immediately , I also need every other elevator with access to that floor evacuate and lock down . they step into the lift . bill / acosta be this a emergency ? carruther let 's hope not . the elevator door close behind they as we ... CUT to : Elevator door open to reveal : the tremor Brothers , vibrate at vary speed , pharmaceutical stare , simultaneously sharp and dull . Georgia syke stare back , bad vibe trickle up she back . she hold a moment . do not board . syke I be go down . darwin look she over , lecherous grin . darwin tremor Bet 'chu be . he mimic a blowjob , treat she like the hooker he think she be . syke want to shoot he in the face . lester and jeeve oogle she as the door begin to close . 65 . darwin smile wide and lewd . syke kiss she middle finger . syke ... faggot - ass redneck ... darwin 's smile turn scowl as the elevator door slide shut . watter what would you say ? syke not you . some asshole on the elevator ... be this bitch on a permanent smoke break or what ? why the fuck they call be " work girl . " watter grab she binocular ; see the four prostitute snub cigarette butt and start to head inside . watter alright , the ho train be exite the station . they be come to you ... syke wait a beat , then reach for the call button to signal another car . we follow her finger to the " up " button and -- CUT to : a blacken fingertip , tremble , barely enough force behind it to hold a delivery bell button down . ext . " lakey' souvenir shoppe " -- day hollis elmore , hypothermia-ravage , rack by seismic-like seizure , body temperature terminally low . the delivery door be flung open and a kid of about twelve stand there ; cross -ey , coke- bottle eyeglass , shirtless , wear a rise - sun head - wrap and karate gee . he say nothing . elmore ( sputtering ) hel -- I - - ambula -- pleeeeee -- -- elmore collapse -- consciousness strain , snap -- he black out as he jaw collide with the concrete -- CUT to : -- as dupree 's bag corpse be heft onto a coroner 's gurney and wheeled into a await ambulance . deek ' body follow . ext . lakeside -- day the parking lot teem with local news truck . passerby 's crowd the police line . messner be on he cellphone , incense , confuse . a sheriff 's deputy flank he . 66 . messner no , no clarify . what be " a emergency requisition of surround personnel ? " ( beat , listen ) within one - hundred mile radius , understand -- Sacramento , reno , carson City . so in less than a hour , we be go to have anywhere from forty to fifty odd field agent arrive , without the slight inkling as to why they be here . be that correct ? be I misinterprete that or -- ( listen ) no , I be not blame any one person , this be Bureau directive . but agent carruther be the sac and he 's out of cell range at the moment , so I can not contact he to -- ( listen , frustrated ) very well . I need to get deputy director locke on the phone as soon as possible . one of the crime scene recovery team member approach , hand messner a printout . a fax , blow up rendering of a nevada Driver 's license ... we recognize the face . messner ( cont 'd ) who 's this ? cs team member hollis elmore , resident of Las Vegas , formerly with the p.d. there . he 's a know associate of dupree 's . the cs team member hold a evidence bag aloft . cs team member ( cont 'd ) we find this wash up on shore . messner take the bag , gawk , can not quite make out the content . messner what be this ? cs team member elmore 's finger . whorl be in bad shape from the frostbite , but we get a good pull for latent , positive id . ( beat , nod to bag ) that be shot off . messner then we have get a third man miss . 67 . -- commotion close , sheriff 's task force member , hustling past , hopping into cruiser , fire they siren . a fifty - something task force chief approach messner . task force chief we have recover they car . messner what car ? task force chief dupree 's rental . a dodge stratus -- picked up yesterday at a commuter airport in reno , nevada . messner ( suddenly panicked ) -- where 's it at now ? task force chief in the parking structure of the nomad . CUT to : int . parking structure -- nomad HOTEL -- same a crime scene unit already have the area cordon off . Police photographer circle the rental car snap picture as uniform unit scribble license plate and vin number . camera pan over to reveal : a limo arrive , the swede disembark , black valise in tow . a group of sparazza henchmen surround he , spirite he toward a nearby stairwell , anxious to avoid the police . cam continue pan to reveal : Doc gill and Hugo , sit in they car , a little leery at the heavy police presence . Hugo take up he cellphone . hugo Doc , I be gonna tell them we be on we way up , make sure it 's cool up there . be there anything you need ? gill shake he head " no " as Hugo dial . gill retrieve he own phone as he climb out , dial , move to the trunk . DR. gill ( into he phone , quiet ) I be go up now , give I ten minute , that should be enough time to prep ... he click off , Hugo be completely unaware of the call he just make . gill pop the trunk , remove he medical bag 68 . hugo ( still on he phone ) c'mon , somebody answer ... int . penthouse suite -- same the phone ring , beanie move to answer it , toss he ball up versace shirt to soot / vitoli . beanie ( look back ) that 's a silk blend B , six - hundred and change a s'got vomit and bile and stomach content all over it -- I be not gonna tell ' ya how t'get the mafucka clean , jus ' put it right . soot nod , unfurl a laundry tote , stick the shirt inside , hand move within the bag -- beanie ( cont 'd ) ( point to Israel 's soile jacket ) check the man 's calf - skin coat too , he look like he get some cinnamon roll a ' shit all over it -- -- beanie , turn , reach down for the ringing phone when -- thwap -- something plunk he hard from behind -- he 's knock forward by the force of the impact -- startle -- instinctively slapping at that area -- think something stung he . beanie ( cont 'd ) what the fuck !? he look around , alarmed , head on a swivel , hand probing the pain , not aware of the blood coursing from that spot , stream down he back ... the phone continue to ring . then beanie hear the small metallic warble of something roll around on the floor behind he , gradually settling . a sensation overtake he ... and he grow very still with it . he look down at he hand for the first time ... see blood there , reach up with that same hand and find the tatter hole right above the base of he spine -- small wisp of smoke drift up out of the wound ... he turn , numb ... and see what look like a spend shell case , just eject , come to rest on the tile ... the phone continue to ring . his eye track upward to vitoli the butler , hold a silence 9 mm - - aim still hold ... and that 's when it dawns on beanie ... ... he 's just be shot in the head . beanie ( cont 'd ) ( almost to himself ) aw hell no you be not just do that ... 69 . Three more soundless shot from the 9 mm put a humane end to this proceedings -- blow beanie 's body over a sofa chair . his three - hundred plus pound frame slide to a unceremonious halt in the remnant of the shattered coffee table . Israel 's calf-skin coat lie near beany dead body , a pool of blood surround it , soaking through and all the while ... the phone continue to ring . int . bedroom -- same ivy and Israel , oblivious to what 's go on , fifty foot away . sir ivy what do you say to mecklen ? Israel look from the ringing phone - - to the gun in he bag -- no good -- ivy will kill he before he clear the bedspread . israel that 's probably he now ... sir ivy ... see , this be one 'a they rare moment when y'ass get a chance to be completely honest ... and if I be ask you what you say to mecklen , assume the shit be rhetorical ... so assume I already know . ivy let that .50 caliber hang like intimidation itself . Israel look over at the ringing phone , then back at ivy . he slowly withdraw the deck of card from he robe pocket , begin shuffle at lightspeed , fire they across he body , leave to right , right to leave . israel a set of skill , god-given gift , I close my eye . he do , snatching a card cold from the deck , turn it to ivy . israel ( cont 'd ) King of club ... you pick up this deck , s'just play card , I pick up this deck it 's a live , breathe thing . what do you see right now ? you see exactly and only , what I choose to show you .... that 's illusion ivy . that 's the lie I tell you eye . the manipulation of movement . know where you gaze want to go , guide it there . make the magic happen in that moment , that split - second , but see behind it , know it 's all bullshit ... built on sand . ( more ) 70 . israel ( cont 'd ) ( card fly crazy ) I can show the fed what they want to see too . and make it as real as this room . make it more than smoke , more than mirror ... and that 's why I be valuable ... and that 's why you be not . ( beat ) I never want it this way . Israel , a card slip from he sleeve , into he throw hand ... Ace of spade . he keep it cup . sir ivy oh you be not do a damn thing can not be undone playa . the dye be not even close t'cast . y'wanna make some shit real ? no stage , no and lemme say this one time ... CUT to : int . learjet -- day locke , inbound to tahoe with a detachment of D.C. Agents accompany he . he 's examine content from the confidential package he receive earlier : photo of a post - op primo sparazza , plastic surgery shrink - wrap , he face swollen and deform , dozen of photo , dozen of date . sir ivy ( v.o. ) ... if you think old man primo could twist you shit up ... he scan the surgical report , specific sentence and word pop : " maliofacial disorder " " degenerative bone disease " " bullet fragment " he keep read ... sir ivy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... it be not nothin ' compare to what I ' bout to do here . believe that . acosta / bill ( v.o. ) I do not believe this . CUT to : int . elevator car -- same " Bill " aka pasquale acosta , hit a walkie-talkie against he leg , check for a signal -- fake the whole affair . acosta / bill battery 's completely dead . carruther , behind he in the elevator , check he cellphone -- 71 . acosta / bill ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) forget it , you will not get a signal in here . have to wait . carruther , annoyed , stow he cellphone . carruther ( be : wall phone ) can not you use the line in here to contact you people . acosta / bill ( not miss a beat ) no , this phone be hardwire directly to maintenance . once we reach the penthouse , I can call down and have the system take off-line . carruther , absent nod , anxious . acosta / Bill , back to futzing with he walkie-talkie - - go so far as to remove the battery -- -- and that 's when carruther see it ... Bill 's finger , flesh mottle at the tip , horribly scar over -- -- something click -- memory fire --photostrobic ... flash CUT to : the briefing in D.C. , supervisor locke -- locke pasquale acosta -- mercenary -- " El estrago " -- " the Plague " CUT back to scene : carruther ' expression go black ... locke ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when he be catch by the sas in Northern Ireland and imprison , he chew off he fingertip to the bone before he could be print and id would by interpol . carruther stare at that finger , back against the wall , hand move slowly toward he waist -- suspicion pique . carruther can not maintenance do that ? acosta / bill do what ? carruther unclip he belt holster . carruther shut the elevator down . 72 . acosta ... sense it ... keep he back turn . acosta / bill a emergency shut down of we entire elevate lift system ? no sir . that have to be handle by my staff . carruther get a hand on the stock of the .45 on he hip . carruther how long have you work here ? ( beat ) Bill . a long , draw silence ... then , static emit from Bill / acosta 's belt -- he walkie-talkie be work all along . jig 's up . acosta spin back -- spring - load blade fire from he sleeve -- carruther clear he holster -- acosta close the gap -- blade flash , pass through carruther ' hand , slashing tendon , shearing bone , hot butter . -- carruther scream -- grip go , gun tumble -- instinct kick -- he good leave hand haul the .45 out of mid-air , clutches , squeeze -- blam ! acosta 's abdomen eat the blast , burp blood -- carruther , a severe hand tuck under he chin , hold in place -- he extend , pull , fire again -- ricochet clip overhead fluorescent , fixture catch stray -- shatter -- glass filament explode -- razor sliver rain down . acosta , strike , slumping -- a silver automatic appear from he other sleeve , trigger find finger just as the last of the light flicker and die -- a beat sustained -- just hard breathe and fluid hit the floor -- everything go stiff -- -- the two take silent aim in the pitch black and fire simultaneously , blaze away -- empty they weapon into each other from inside three foot -- gunblast illuminate ghoulish feature , mute scream cover in gore ... int . nomad HOTEL -- upper floor -- same Georgia syke , concerned , finger to she ear , pick up something off she ifb earpiece : mute gunshot , static - scramble ... it 's the sound of carruther and acosta , end one another 's life in the lift below ... syke girl , you hear that !? intercut with : int . horizon HOTEL -- top floor -- same watter sweep the penthouse level with she rifle scope . watter be you anywhere near the penthouse ? 73. syke no , but that definitely sound like shot and I do not where it 's comin ' from - - watter -- it 's you ifb , somebody else have get a earpiece , you be pick up they signal -- syke -- I think we have secure frequency . aww girl , tell I this mafucka be not goin ' off right now . watter hear something crackle over one of the scanner ... a transmission to nomad security staff ... watter ... oh , fuck this fool ... syke look up to see the elevator have reach she floor . syke what 's wrong ? watter Security 's lock down the elevator . syke look at the elevator door in front of she as we ... CUT to : int . elevator car -- same the tremor Brothers , wait arrival on the penthouse , armed to the tooth , each one tethere with a array of pistol , rifle , knife , hatchet , hacksaws ; the tool of they trade ; to be implement in the most godless manner imaginable . muzak drift in over the speaker , when suddenly the car lurch , cable catch , brake box shriek and the elevator car come to abrupt stop . the Brothers exchange look as power be cut and they be plunge into darkness ... a emergency recording sound from the elevator 's ceiling speaker . woman' voice please remain calm ... Elevator service have be temporarily suspend and will resume momentarily ... the recording default into a madden loop ... then , the sound of someone unzipping a bag in the dark , hand move object around , metal clank off metal as the bag be rummaged . a brilliant flash , hot white to iridescent red as a road flare be strike , shower darwin tremor with a deluge of spark as he hold it aloft . 74 . darwin tremor Les ' get at it then . lester and jeeve , effortless aplomb ; the speed and dexterity of a seasoned pit-crew . lester pull a torque wrench from the bag , pop the panel bolt on the elevator 's power box and strip the electrical wiring in second -- jeeve remove a gas-power generator from they Mary poppin - like carry - all carpet bag . he prime the pump , yank it to a sputtering start and feed the ac lead to he brother . lester take it , locate the service override conduit and tie in . darwin admire this deat display of skill from he idiot brethren . as the elevator 's power cycle back on we ... ... CUT to : int . bathroom -- day Light switch flip on , revealing the shrunken , shrivel , fetal - like form that be hollis elmore be carry by margie turlock , 63 , part - time rn , full - time souvenir shop owner . a substantial , tank of a woman , margie manhandle elmore , drop he into a lukewarm bath , brim with grey water . margie okay sweetie , now I be a register nurse and this be my bath not a half hour ago , so it be not as hot as it could be , but we be gonna get you all toasty warm in no time -- ( beat , to boy ) Warren , Warren - - go on a ' get grandma she hot blanket and she heating bag , the one in there under the sink in my bathroom . Warren sniff , lick lovingly on a ice cream sandwich , but never bite it . warren slower nana . talk slooooooeerrrrr . margie indulge she grandson , no end . margie okay shug ... grandma need you to go in -- -- Warren begin to smile , a snarl of misshapen yellow tooth , smear with chocolate , brackete by chrome - color brace . margie ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) oh , you little foxy , try to fool you nana ! you hear I do not you !? ( more ) 75 . margie ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) now boogie , grandma need she big helper boy now , go on a ' get that thing and grandma will rub you foot ! warren my karate foot ? my crazy karate kick foot !! Warren put the ice cream sandwich in he mouth and begin hopping up and down , kick , strike the wall with great , disturbing ferocity . margie cackle at this . margie you little angel - butt ! grandma will rub that foot forever ! elmore , struggle against imminent death , watch this display with increase dread . he scan the sink basin - - see it line with anti-depressant ; ritalin , thorazine , etc Warren keep throw hard roundhouse kick into the wall . margie ( cont 'd ) oh you silly - sil ! never mind , grandma will get it ! margie march off and Warren immediately rush over to the tub , place himself directly over the inert elmore and assume a martial art stance . he open he mouth to speak and the ice cream sandwich tumble out , landing in the tub . warren ( bark out ) bow to you opponent ! Warren bow before he square up and begin methodically deliver a " kata " of punch and kick ... violently and expertly snap within millimeter of elmore 's face . elmore , helpless to raise he arm or defend himself , stare in horror as the boy , he glass beginning to fog and drip with perspiration , work himself into a furious lather . elmore ( try to speak ) pl -- kid , st -- stop ... elmore hold up he stump of a hand , pinky wag in pathetic plea - - no use -- Warren be in a state of unhinge , near-animal frenzy -- he eye wild , a small , yet prominent erection beginning to poke through he karate gee ... margie return to the bathroom , scold she grandson . he square up on she , feign a blow to she face . she clout he , hard backhand , big flabby arm restrain he , haul he out of the bathroom . he bleat like a butcher sheep . 76 . elmore , leave alone , stark naked , shaking -- he turn he head , gaze into the other room -- a newscast play on the television : a reporter , lakeside , via live feed ... stand in the same parking lot where deek and dupree be kill . CUT to : television screen we slowly dolly back , revealing a different room . reporter ( on screen ) -- the two man slain here earlier today as authority speculate as to the apparent disappearance of a third . the name of the victim be be withheld , pend notification of family member , but action Seven have learn that one of the decease , identify as Jack dupree -- int . HOTEL room -- blackjack inn -- same rupert reed , shit -face off belt of straight scotch , a stack of shot - glass on he chest , gape - jaw at the television . reporter -- be a resident of Las Vegas , nevada - - reed lurch up , go for the phone , shot - glass scatter , scotch bottle upend , bounce off the bed . reed ( to himself , dial ) ... holy shit , shit , shit ... CUT to : television screen we slowly dolly in now . reporter we have also learn that Mr. dupree be employ as a process server and bondsman for draygo bail bond and may have be in this area on a fugitive apprehension -- int . gambler' ramble HOTEL -- same Victor padiche , play solitaire , one card freeze in he hand as he watch the news . padiche ...uh oh ... 77 . reporter a rental vehicle , register in Mr. dupree 's name , have be recover in the parking lot of the nearby nomad Hotel &amp ; casino ... CUT to : int . nomad HOTEL &amp ; casino -- parking structure -- day agent messner arrive , flanke by shotgun-tote sheriff 's deputy , local cop and Bureau field agent . they deploy , cordon off the scene , take control . we see Hugo and Doc gill , ducking down , Hugo still have the phone to he ear . as they approach a rear stairwell with a door that read : " authorized personnel only : penthouse level " two feds descend , chain and bolt the door . hugo shit ... answer the fuck phone . CUT to : int . nomad HOTEL -- penthouse -- same the phone be still ringing as soot , brown 9 mm at he side , stalk the voice come from the master bedroom CUT to : int . master bedroom -- same ivy , finger brush he gun grip , stare Israel down . sir ivy y'ai not never have to wash another man 's blood off , dig it out y'fingernail ... y'had we for that . y'ai not ever make a real beef on y'own , shit as light in the ass as you be , I will bet you be not ever make anything more than a fuck and fist you whole life . ( beat ) so if you think I 'mma let you lil ' punk -ass , with the dirt I have do for you , in the eleventh hour , sell I off like some fuck field nigger , hand I up to the fed like y'last chip , then you do go straight out - your-motherfucking mind ! israel ( nodd to phone ) that 's mecklen . the deal 's close . I can pick that phone up and I can work this out . ( more ) 78 . israel ( cont 'd ) ( beat , for ffect ) you will walk with I . Israel ready the play card behind he back , slip it between he index and middle finger -- ivy shake he head . sir ivy all that slight a'hand you can do and you still be not never learn to lie right -- -- Israel step hard , slinging the Ace sidearm , sailing it toward ivy , surgical strike , right eye , blood burst at he browline -- ivy go down in a heap . sir ivy ( cont 'd ) ( enraged ) motherfuck ! motherfucker ! ivy , double over -- he drag the .50 cal from its holster and let fly -- firing . Big bore round rip right through the wall , punch dinner - plate size hole in the plaster . Israel go to the ground as ivy , bleed , blaze away -- int . penthouse suite -- anteroom -- same -- soot take cover as bullet whistle by -- he tuck the 9 mm away just as the door to the suite be blitze and the security team stumble in , gun draw , group tight -- security team ( in unison ) down ! down ! down ! they assume quasi-combat stance ; six idiot , crab-crawl they way across the room . soot stay prone , play scared , realize that he rubber appliance nose have come loose , try to adjust it -- can not , have to hide he face , bury it in he sleeve , wiping more make - up off in the process -- mustache be on point , pistol train . he spot soot cower . mustache ( to soot ) be you hit ? soot shake he head a vigorous " no " as mustache and he man turn they attention to the bedroom . mustache ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Mr. Israel !? israel in here ! 79 . mustache be you hurt sir !? israel ivy 's try to kill I ! sir ivy fuck you ! israel get in here goddammit ! mustache and he man round the corner into the master bedroom . int . master bedroom -- same ivy , down on one knee , depth perception shot , try to reload , bullet slip through blood - slicked finger -- Israel lie on the floor behind the bed , breathless , chest heaving , frantically try to pull the small automatic pistol out of he overnight bag . mustache ( advance on ivy ) drop-that -gun-right - now ! one of the bodyguard spot the body of beanie , lie dead in the remnant of the coffee table . security member # 1 Jesus , he get beanie ... ( back to mustache ) he shot beanie ! israel what ? ivy hear this , let 's the gun slide from he hand , stand , eye swollen to a bleed slit . mustache get on the ground ! ivy , look past they , see beanie 's lifeless body , lay there . Israel peer out , see the same thing . israel Jesus Christ ... two of the bodyguard rush to beanie , bend over he body , check for vital . ivy , suspend in the doorway , stunne . one of the security team look back ; no good ... he 's go . just then , the phone stop ringing . israel ( cont 'd ) ( look up at ivy ) ... you just murder beanie ... 80 . ivy , shocked , dismay . Israel , start to see he sweetheart deal with the fed go up in smoke . he immediately mobilize . israel ( cont 'd ) ( to mustache ) hey ! ( point to ivy ) get he out -- muscle he if you have to . take he down the quietly , use the service exit . then get back up here and we will handle the rest of this . ( off mustache 's look ) what ? be there somebody else in there ? soot , from the other room , careful to keep he face conceal . vitoli eee vitoli . Israel , a grimace ... two too many people involved . Israel nod , think , do a bump of coke , right out in the open . israel ( to security ) avert you eye gent , y'did not see that . ( beat , roll neck ) okay vitoli , listen this last few minute make you a material witness , do you understand what that mean ? vitoli ... how can I be of assistance ... israel you do know what that mean ! tremendous , that 's the attitude . ( beat , clutching chest ) alright , vitoli , hang tight for half a tic , we have get a special sort of " clean - up " we gotta do here , alright ? soot nod . israel ( cont 'd ) ( to mustache ) what 's he do , be he get this ? mustache , glance over at soot , see he nod . mustache yeah , he 's nodd . israel good . now move . 81 . mustache and he man brace ivy , take advantage of he disorientation and dismay and swiftly escort he out . ext . penthouse hallway -- same they amass around the elevator , take care to double handcuff ivy now . mustache push the call button . it fail to light . CUT to : int . elevator car -- same choke with generator and road flare smoke , light like hell itself . the tremor stand at arm , shroud in a miasmic mung of horribly toxic fume , fill they lung with it . CUT back to : int . hallway -- same mustache hit the call button again , still nothing . yet one of the lift appear to be ascend security team wait ... one of them look like it 's on its way up ... mustache what about the other four ? be they out ? he keep hit the call button , but it will not light . mustache ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) the hell be go on ... watter ( v.o. ) ... forget it , it 's dead . CUT to : int . hallway -- fourteenth floor -- same syke , try to pry the elevator door open . syke it be not dead ! quit say that shit ! intercut with : int . horizon HOTEL -- top floor -- same watter pour herself a glass of chablis from the mini-bar . 82. watter girl , I just see muzzle flash comin ' out that suite . s'probably where you hear that shootin ' earlier , somebody jus ' down Israel . he dead , we play be dead . syke , get some separation on the elevator door , pull she 'mm , use it like a crowbar . syke I be not givin ' it up jus ' yet ... watter c'mon , I say we bounce now , kick it for a lil ' bit , play some crap . ( beat , probing ) ... maybe spend the night ? syke , struggle , when the door suddenly retract on they own ... she 's staggered by what she see in the elevator , trip back , heel catch , dump she on she ass -- syke ( just above whisper ) ...oh ... damn ... she sit up , stupefy ... cordite and pistol smoke drift out of the open elevator door like a funeral dirge . the sound of a bone - see emanate from within . int . elevator car carruther and acosta ... wartorn , shot to hell , post - battle standoff , just stare , weapon emptied , body bullet - puncture , leak life ... both be breathe , but just barely . watter ( over headset ) what be it ...? filament and glass dust cover everything . blood stream in steaming fissure , float spend shell casing and fluorescent shard cover the floor of the car . acosta , cling to life itself , clutching the whirring bone see , try in vain to reach carruther . syke wade forward , wary , Glock vise -grip . syke ... shhhhhhit ... girl , there 's this two dude , just sittin ' here in this elevator , all shot up ... watter what ? 83. syke ( beat , look around ) they musta be beefin ' big time with one another , cuz this shit , get way past word , whatever it be . watter ... what be they doin ' right now ...? syke , glance from carruther to acosta . a beat . syke right now ? ( beat ) ... dying . CUT to : int . " lakey' souvenir shoppe " -- kitchenette -- day elmore , seat , wrap in quilt and heat blanket , shiver horribly , lip blacken , flex brittle finger on he good hand , try to restore feel , tooth clatter like ten thousand tea cup . margie turlock enter , arm load down , grandson Warren hot on she heel , a set of nunchukas under he arm ... ... elmore , palpable hatred , pure bile for the boy . margie set the assortment of goods down on the table in front of elmore ; tourist - theme hat &amp ; sweatsuit from the shop , a pair of thermal , a collection of pill bottle and what appear to be a old Vietnam - era ammo box . margie so they fella be you friend then ? the one that be shot and toss into the lake ? be they police officer too ? elmore nod , rifling the pile in front of he , go for the pill . margie pull a pot of coffee off the stove , pour a mug . set it down in front of he . margie ( cont 'd ) ( motion to pill ) they be leave over from my hysterectomy , so they be a few year old , might be outta date . elmore eye the label ; vicodin , vioxx ... morphine-base . Nice ... just numb it all . margie ( cont 'd ) you sure you do not want I to call a ambulance honey ? ( more ) 84 . margie ( cont 'd ) I think it 's crazy you not go in ... y' get what look like hypothermia and real bad frostbite . they could wind up amputatin ' if y'do not get it treat . Warren sit in the chair next to elmore and begin mimick he , shaking epileptically , do he doofus bit , tucking three finger away , wave a stump , belly - laugh ... margie ( cont 'd ) Warren ! now you go and practice you nunchuck now , leave we be for a bit shug . Warren scowl , get up , in super - slow motion , make sound with he mouth as he stand , robotic whir , buzze , click -- margie chuckle at she grandson , she can not help it -- then , in a blur , Warren snap , abruptly slamm the nunchakas on the table , the rebound portion of the weapon almost hit elmore in the face . he bolt the room before grandma can scold he , he titter echoing off like taunt ... margie ( cont 'd ) ... m' sorry about that boy , he momma abandon he go on a year now , he daddy , my boy Dale -- Gulf War vet , s'over in the reno-washoe correctional facility -- get some " clarity " issue . he do some home invasion sodomy - torture type stuff , write a buncha bad check , get hisself consecutive life term -- ship off to soledad there in California . ( beat , scribbles something down ) -- remind I , I get that care package I need to send off -- ( beat , continue lament ) anyhoo , m'husband Bill take the coward 's route , and commit suicide by hangin ' ' bout nine month back . ever since then , little boogie there 's be the man'a the house ! ( beat , gnarled grin ) and we make a darn cute couple I think ! margie , cackle again -- the facade of sanity show serious sign of strain ... elmore pull the ammo box across the table . stencile on the side : " 177th airborne division -- Charlie company - reckon " he crack the lid . margie ( cont 'd ) I do not think that 's be open since my husband die . 85 . Inside , army memorabilia and bric-a-brac ; patch , service - tag , dog -earre b&amp ; with polaroid , ancient titty mag , ( which make margie horribly uncomfortable ) saigon bottled beer and most importantly , a .357 colt python . elmore lift it , look it over , feel the heft , drop the chamber -- it 's load . he sift some more , palm loose bullet at the bottom of the box . he crack a blacken grin , roll the pistol 's chamber and snap it shut as we ... CUT to : a padlock be lock and secure . camera pull back to reveal : int . nomad HOTEL -- lobby elevator and access door lock down indefinitely . casino and hotel patron file out in less than orderly fashion . crap player , piss that they " hot streak " have be cut short , harangue police and sheriff 's personnel in pass . barflys and blackjack habituate , accustom to stay in one spot for month on end , have to be manually remove . the four call girl , try to argue they way past security and onto one of the elevator , realize they be not get anywhere near the penthouse level . messner coordinate the nomad 's exodus , continually adjust he earpiece , try to contact carruther , two agent flank he . messner ( to agent ) I want you to locate agent carruther now . ( beat , to another agent ) the guest that be not able to leave need to be confine to they suite . and under no circumstance be they to venture out , for any reason . have the staff make call to that effect . the pimply casino employee be at the center of a intensive on - spot interrogation be conduct by a group of agent . messner arrive , stare at the kid . messner ( cont 'd ) this he ? FBI agent ( nodd , then to kid ) alright ricky , I want you to explain to agent messner exactly what happen and do it slowly please . the kid , head bob , gnaw fingernails , cuticle mangle . 86 . casino employee yeah , ye -- I - - uh , there be , earlier , there be that guy carrut -- messner -- agent carruther . do you know where be he now ? casino employee he uh -- he ask about -- I be - - he want to know whic -- what floor security be on , then I see he get on the elevator with the other agent . messner ( quick , throw ) wait a minute , what other agent ? ( beat , to other ) what other agent ? FBI agent I have no idea . it be not anybody from we office . casino employee he say he be from San Francisco . messner do he give you he name ? casino employee yeah , uh -- it be Spanish - something ' Garcia , or Diego , uh -- messner ( to other agent ) -- run both that name through the D.C. database . call San Francisco , see if they have get anybody in the field do collateral inquiry for -- casino employee -- he be wear one of we jacket . messner stop cold . messner who ? casino employee the other agent . he say he be here to do a inspection and later , when he get on the elevator with the other guy , carruther , I see he wear one of we security jacket ... messner turn , bore in on the kid , no more bullshit now . 87 . messner this man wear the jacket identify himself as a Federal agent ? casino employee uh , yeah . messner you be sure ? casino employee yeah , he have the badge and everything . it say " FBI " on it . messner and when you see he later , he be wear one of you security jacket -- casino employee yeah . messner and that do not seem odd to you ? the kid glance around , oop -- my mistake -- try to amend . casino employee I -- I mean , I think they give it to he so he cou -- messner turn on he heel , the other agent tag along . messner ( address other ) we may have a man pose as one of we . get a tactical team assemble . we need to get to the penthouse level immediately . FBI agent we will have to power the elevator back up . messner do it . as they move past the group of call girl , still argue with security as we ... ... CUT to : int . penthouse suite -- same Israel , sickly , face bloodless , sit down on a couch , set the small handgun down on the table next to he . he dig at he chest now , in considerable pain , rotate he arm around , try to rouse it . 88. israel Fucking thing fall asleep ... Israel gaze at beanie 's body , try to figure out a appropriate course of action . israel ( cont 'd ) ( over he shoulder ) vitoli , just sit tight for a second , I gotta make a phone call , figure this out ... he take out he cellphone , dial Morris mecklen . soot appear behind he , ease the 9 mm out of he waistband and resume he stalk ...ever ...so ... slowly . CUT to : int . penthouse hallway -- same Israel 's security crew , surround a still - stunne Sir ivy , wait on the lift . one of the elevator approach . the rest appear to be down . bodyguard # 1 one of them on it 's way up . this do not make any sense , what 's wrong with the rest of them ? suddenly , the stairwell door be flung open , revealing Hugo and gill . all gun whip simultaneously to that spot . hugo ( hand up ) whoa , hey -- hey -- hold - up , hold - up , I get the Doc , easy ... ( beat , see ivy ) what 's go on ? mustache ivy try to kill Mr. Israel and shot Mr. alphonse in the process . he 's dead . Hugo , thunderstruck . hugo -- beanie !? what ? how do that happe -- ( beat , angry now ) ivy !? ivy , ashamed , not look up . ivy buddy be goin ' jam we Hugo . he be gonna fuck we up with the fed ... 89 . syke ... wait a minute ... this one 's a fed . CUT to : int . elevator car -- fourteenth floor -- same syke , hold carruther ' FBI credential after patting he down . she do not notice that power have be restore to the elevator . watter ( o.s. ) what ? intercut with : int . horizon HOTEL -- top floor -- same watter , try to listen to syke , but concerned by the sudden surge of activity from the police scanner . syke ( o.s. ) girl one of this fool have a FBI badge on he ! be this the one that be do the inspection ? watter hold up , hold up , I be get shot over the scanner , ton of traffic - - jus ' chill for a sec , lemme listen ... int . elevator car -- fourteenth floor syke , pockete the carruther id . behind she , acosta manage to move enough to cover the " Bill " id on he jacket . syke turn back to he , move over to he now still form -- blood drench , barely conscious , eye flitter like black fly ... she kick the bone see from he hand . it spin to a gradual stop . she lean over he ... the stiletto blade he use to dispatch " Bill " and hack carruther digit off have retract back into he sleeve . syke begin patting he down , move dangerously close to that sleeve , she neck hover right above that spot -- syke you jus ' lay still , we goin figure out what the fuck ya will be up t-- she pull acosta 's bogus id ... Gerald Diego : Federal Bureau of investigation . syke ( cont 'd ) you be not gonna believe this shit . ( beat ) both this motherfucker be feds . 90 . int . horizon HOTEL -- top floor -- same watter shaking she head , monitoring scanner transmission . watter no , no , no no -- one of them be not -- one of 'em bullshit - - it 's all over the air here , they get a impostor , some fool with a fake badge -- CUT to : int . elevator car -- same messner , have commandeer a elevator - - he ifb earpiece pick up interference -- distort crosstalk , some sync of some kind , voice , clipped , delineate , spike with static : watter ( over messner' ifb ) -- some fool wi - - a fake badge . so w- tch yours --f . messner , finger in he ear now , listen hard , hand up , quieting the rest of the car . syke ( over messner' ifb ) what I get i- a Gerald D - - go and a Donald carruther here ... now w-- ch one of -- will --s for real ? as the car rise past the fourteenth floor , the signal sharpen , crystallize less than a second -- syke ( cont 'd ) ' cuz I 'mma kill the one that be not ... messner react -- messner --stop the elevator ! CUT to : int . penthouse hallway -- same the Elevator arrive with a " ding ! " mustache and he man wait for the door to open ... heavy black smoke begin to slowly seep through the crack , roll up and along the wall , unfurl finger - like across the ceiling . from within the elevator car itself , a pull engine sputter to a stall ... a heart begins to beat over the soundtrack . a steady thrum , building slowly ... CUT to : 91 . int . penthouse apartment -- same Israel on the phone , consume by chest spasm . soot , he vitoli visage now mangle beyond recognition ; nose shear off , rubber chin and jaw prosthesis . he throw back the tablecloth cover he service tray , take a igloo cooler off ice inside , pull surgical tool from it -- scalpel , forcep rib-spreader , etc . , he arrange they pre-op style . he remove a phone from he jacket , hit " send " wait , say : soot ( cryptically ) Three minute . he reach Israel , leveling the 9 mm to he skull . Israel be completely unaware as he clutches he chest , breath come in great laborious gulp . he 's on the phone to mecklen . intercut mecklen buddy , they revoke the deal , they pull it ... israel they what ? what ? no. no . why ? mecklen the deputy director , this prick locke , he smashed the whole thing , we be do , they will not tell I why ... the door to the suite open and in stride Hugo and Doc gill . soot , gun raise , watch as both man look up and meet he gaze . ... nobody move . the heartbeat continue . quicken ... Hugo , a guard step forward , squinting . hugo vitoli ? what be you do ? gill ( to Hugo ) it 's okay , it 's okay Hugo ... ( beat , to soot ) Mr. soot , I be Doctor gill . Israel turn back , see this dement version of vitoli aim at gun right in he face . Israel 's breathe suddenly cinch up tight , he pulse triple-time . he turn back to gill . israel Doc -- y -- wha -- what be this ? 92 . Hugo take a step away from gill , alarmed , he hand inch - worm toward the gun on he waist ... we track the hand as it become -- CUT to : -- agent messner , reach for he gun as the elevator arrive at the fourteenth floor . int . hallway -- fourteenth floor -- same messner and a heavily armed contingent of cop and fellow fed exit the elevator , fan out , quietly situating themselves at the far side of the hallway with a clear line of sight to the open elevator at the opposite end . heartbeat accelerate more int . elevator car -- same syke , have hear the elevator arrive , lean against the wall , gun up , listen -- int . hallway -- same messner , voice low , direct the tactical action . messner two man cover formation , far end , the elevator be open , possible aggression inside , watch for fire -- int . elevator car -- same syke , hearing that last transmission simultaneously . messner' voice -- watch for fire ... she glance down at carruther , see he ifb in he lap , realize that 's where the voice be come from . plug it into she ear . messner' voice ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) stay low , breach on my mark ... syke , cover carruther ' ifb , whisper into she own . syke shar ... fourteen , I be pinch -- I need some heavy shit , fire - from - heaven ... my count . CUT to : 93. int . horizon HOTEL -- top floor -- same watter , re-targeting , bring the Barrett .50 to bear on the lower floor , sighting down from the top , count back to fourteen , settling , lock off the tripod , gaze through she scope ... heartbeat build still , become more erratic . watter Pov : fourteenth floor , big glass window , draw curtain ... she nuzzle the eyepiece , finger slip delicately inside the trigger guard ... wait . watter ( into ifb ) Bet . CUT back to : int . elevator car -- same with syke attention divert , acosta begin slowly move he hand toward he pant leg , reach for a hide ankle - holster as we -- CUT to : int . penthouse hallway -- same -- mustache and he man , hand go to they rig , shoulder and waist . a handcuff ivy watch with they as the elevator door open and a big plume of black smoke vacate the car , eerily cast light burn blood red within , infernal , hellish . now , another pull engine leap to life from inside the car , this one gnarled and guttural , wind out ... a chainsaw . heartbeat jackhammering now . out of control . the sound fall away , leave only the runaway throb of the beat heart as we -- CUT to : slo -mo dolly in : buddy Israel . both hand go to he heart . something horribly wrong . he pitch forward , fall away from soot 's pistol -- the heartbeat crescendos wildly , out -of-control ... CUT to : ...a bell -ranger helicopter , the heartbeat become the thwack of rotor blade as it lift off with deputy director locke and a FBI tactical team inside ... CUT to : montage 94 . ...a kaleidoscope of scenario about to be play out at the exact same second ... share fate ... shakespearean fraught ... in this soundless realm the camera take US past the following : hugo -- look on in horror as Israel collapse . doc gill -- rushing to buddy 's aide . soot -- bring the 9 mm up , leveling it on Hugo . camera move out into the penthouse hallway past : mustache -- sense grave danger , he gun be draw . his m en follow suit . ivy -- pull away from he captor , look for cover . darwin tremor -- stepping from the elevator , strapped with a saw - off pump shotgun in one hand , a vintage elephant gun in the other , look for life to end . 's lester tremor -- chainsaw snarling , spew oil , psycho smile pread viral across a pockmark face . jeeve tremor -- sledgehammer in a scabbard on he back , h old WWII era german " potato - masher " grenade , grip like drumstick , pin pull . he hurl they . camera move past they , down elevator shaft to : syke -- pull extra clip from she handbag , secure they under she garter belt , dump she heel in favor of hose . acosta -- pant leg lift , move panther - quiet , tortoise - slow , unfasten the snap on he ankle-holster . c carruther -- near death , eye lock on acosta , he mortal ombatant , try desperately to reach he own ankle holster . messner -- watch as he team move into place around the e levator . check he own piece , flick off the safety . camera move out the window and up to : watter -- in the Hotel window across the way , sniper - rifle 's nug to she shoulder , eye on the scope , wait for the word . camera move through rifle scope up to and inside earpiece Inside the earpiece at 10000 x normal magnification ; micro - sound condenser and circuit the size of skyscraper . then , a voice make the landscape tremble , like the trump of God : syke bring it . the camera suddenly reverse path 95 . back out of the earpiece , down through the scope , over the barrel of the rifle ... boom ... a .50 caliber bullet be birthed . camera travel back to : the fourteenth floor window of the nomad detonate with concussive ferocity -- create a hailstorm of shattered glass that sweep the length of the hallway , engulf cop and fed whole . CUT to : another round tear in after it , explode a gild ceiling stanchion , sparking off the rebar , trip the sprinkler system , dousing the corridor -- everybody run for cover . one of the agent , wounded , summon another elevator . messner , undeterred , advance on the elevator contain syke and carruther . camera traveling back syke , Glock ready to rock , about to move . acosta , pull a pistol from he ankle-rig , prepare to backshoot syke . camera ascend back up through shaft Chaos . carnage . full blow bloodbath . heavily - armed man on a overkill override . mustache and Co. , wage close quarter warfare with the Brothers tremor . bullet blaze , body drop , everything burn -- camera continue past scene to : soot , shoot Hugo several time -- Hugo fall back , confuse by the abrupt pain , baffle by the appearance of blood . gill , overtop of Israel , try to force feed he nitro-glycerin tablet . buddy go into full cardiac arrest . disparate sound collide now , swell to a great tumult -- a incomprehensible crescendo of explosion and chainsaw and gunshot and scream as we -- CUT to black ...nothing ... complete and utter silence ... slow fade up on : primo sparazza ... sit in that hospital bed ... wait . fade out : slow fade up on : 96 . the swede ... sit on a sofa in he suite with sparazza 's man ... wait . fade out : slow fade up on : rupert reed ... drunk and despondent ... by the phone ... wait . fade out : slow fade up on : Victor padiche ... hand -wring ... watch he phone ... wait . fade out : hard CUT up on : all of it happen at lightspeed . watter , reloading , watch as leaden contrail of gunsmoke pour from the pulverize fourteenth floor . she resume she assault . CUT to : messner , a few foot from the car contain syke . more sniper fire rake the hallway . another elevator arrive , open ... call girl inside . they snuck up somehow , past security ... the gunplay get they spook , scared -- they scramble from the car -- cop and fed try to stuff they back inside the elevator as round continue to rain down . one of the girl catch a hard ricochet , wig leaping off she head as a bounce bullet punch through she skull -- she crumble , instant casualty . messner hardly notice , move instead toward the other elevator car . messner this be the FBI ! throw you weapon out ! show I you hand ! syke ( whisper into ifb ) be this fed fake or for real girl ! carruther , paw feebly at she , moan -- try to warn she -- she shrug he off . watter ( yell ) I don't know ! syke jus ' keep doin ' y'damage girl , keep this mafuckas off my as -- bang -- syke squeal , spin back , feel numbness spread over she leg and lower trunk , know she 's be shot . 97 . syke ( cont 'd ) ( panic , into she ifb ) we be out girl ! I be shot ! i'm shot !-- acosta fire again , bullet rip through she studd bustier , gouging kevlar , nick ribcage -- embed into the ifb receiver on she hip , ruin it . syke falter -- try to raise she gun -- acosta raise he aim to she head , about to deliver the coup de grace -- messner appear now , see acosta , sight he when -- blam!blam ! blam !! acosta 's chest explode , he slump , the gun slide away -- messner swing wide on the car to reveal : carruther , smoking gun , tremble aim , expose ankle holster ... empty . syke , kevlar burn , smashed round still hot , she try to pull she vest off , find she newly paralyze arm uncooperative . messner , advance now , keep a eye on he partner as he move toward the car . messner lady , show I you hand right now ! syke I need my hand motherfucker ! i'm hit ! kill I or let I be ! messner enter the elevator , rush to the doom carruther . messner how bad ? carruther mortal . messner no . carruther yeah . messner take he partner under the arm , lug he into the open hallway , stripping off he shirt . carruther severe hand nearly fall away from the rest of he arm . acosta spit blood from the lung -- he breathe now a bog of pinch snort and gurgle . messner ( be : acosta , yell to the other ) secure this suspect ! two feds enter to remove acosta from the car -- he let out a guttural yelp as they hoist he -- real pain or play possum , 98 . impossible to tell ... as he leg clear the elevator door , they slowly close on the wounded syke . messner , try to prevent they from close , can not -- gaze up at the digital counter as the elevator continue its ascent to the penthouse level ... CUT to : int . elevator car syke , riding up , wounded , vulnerable , try to reach the control panel to stop the car . she key she now useless ifb . syke ( into ifb ) girl , I be inside , I be on my way up -- this elevator be go to the penthouse - - can you hear I --? baby , can you hear I -- CUT to : int . horizon HOTEL -- top floor -- same -- watter , panicked , pull the Barrett up off its tri-pod , hit the hallway , double-time to the stairwell ... she have no idea that she 's lose radio contact with watter . watter sit tight if you can hear I girl ! I can not do shit for you from here . I be move down for a sightline ! CUT to : int . penthouse hallway -- same plaster and debris everywhere , sprinkler trip , most of mustache 's team shot , shred or burnt to a crisp . piece of building and body either waterlogged or fully ablaze . mustache and darwin play duck and cover , exchange fire . jeeve , out of grenade , sledgehammer swinging , crush wall stud , scatter remain security team member . ivy , shelter , have survive the open salvo , get ahold of a gun from a chainsaw - shorn former security member ; lester see ivy arming himself , blitzes he -- chainsaw snarling , revve out , send fantail of gristle and chip bone everywhere . less than fifteen foot separate they . ivy fire , shot deflect off the blade 's tooth , second from get gut -- he adjust he aim high , empty the gun into lester 's chest , bullet blaze haywire , blow out between lester 's shoulder , stop a hard charge cold . 99 . lester , lopsided , bullet - daze , drool blood ... then die . ivy dump he clip , search for another -- the chainsaw fall , stall . jeeve , hefting the sledgehammer like a hayseed John Henry , look over as he older brother 's life come to a end . he react badly . jeeve tremor lesterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! jeeve bury the sledge in a wall , take up the chainsaw , rip the pullcord , resume the charge -- ivy , find a clip , slam it in the stock , point , pull -- trigger-stick , hammer - jam . he fall to he back , scurrying away , trouble find traction , sole slip -- he keep pull the trigger . jeeve straddle he from above , raise the see like a great wooden stake , about to bring it down -- -- bam ! ivy 's automatic discharge . the round split the see 's gas tank , spritzing fuel , dousing jeeve -- a beat before the tank suddenly arc , explode , lighting jeeve up like a four-hundred pound bonfire , bounce he off the wall ; a human hindenberg , fully engulf . he flail , burn , howl , fall ... molten fat melt off he body like lard butter ... darwin , dismay , both brother down ... he move on mustache , dispatch he with detach efficiency , snap he neck clean . he then start toward ivy , who 's try desperately to crawl out of there . CUT to : int . penthouse -- same Hugo , crawl across the floor , knee drag over he own blood trail , try to reach : Israel , on the ground , die . soot 's gun have jamme . he clear it efficiently , patiently reloading the weapon as Doc gill , in panic mode , perform full chest compression on buddy as we -- CUT to : int . hallway -- fourteenth floor -- same messner , do the same to carruther , try to restart he heart . acosta , lay there silently , slowly bleed out , be tend to by a team of agent . in the b.g. cop and fed gather near the window , search for the assailant , binocular and rifle scope strafing the Horizon hotel across the way , concentrate at the open window near the top floor . CUT to : 100 . int . horizon HOTEL -- fourteenth floor hallway -- same watter , run up the hallway , past alarmed may service and hotel staff . she reach the lower floor window and raise the scope to she eye , search for syke -- watter girl , where be you -- talk to I ... how bad be you hit ... watter Pov she see the fed and cop in the nomad window across the way . smoke clear , she field of vision through the scope expands , sharpen . watter ( cont 'd ) Georgia goddamn baby , please talk to I , please say something ' so -- -- and that 's when she spot the call girl , face obscure , lie dead from a headshot in the hallway ... she heart sink ... and she assume the worst : syke be dead . watter ( cont 'd ) motherfuckers !! she flick to full - auto and open fire right through the glass in front of she -- big gas-eject shell pop from the breach like bowl pin -- the gather throng across the way in the nomad window seem to vaporize in a violent collage of heat , blood and building chunks -- watter buck big sob , blast away with the Barrett ... watter ( cont 'd ) m'sorry baby ! i'm so sorry ! I love you so much ! CUT to : int . elevator -- same syke , stand now , knock - kneed , kevlar discard , down to a black bra and mini-skirt , blood dribble over she midriff , deep indentation near she sternum -- big yellow bruise in bloom -- the bullet do not penetrate ... she elevator arrive at the penthouse level and as the door open we -- CUT to : int . penthouse hallway -- same darwin , loom over ivy , about to bring the sledge down squarely on he skull -- the elevator door open in he periphery ... he look over , see syke stand there , barely clothed , wet with blood , gun in she hand ... and grin . 101 . syke , see darwin stand over ivy , hold a sledgehammer -- recognize he as the perv from earlier . she level the Glock , step out of the elevator , steadying herself against the wall , steadying she aim on darwin 's head . syke Drop that hammer ... ( beat , cock gun ) and I drop this one . ( beat ) know a killer motherfucker ... know they voice . know they feel ... and know you ' bout to die by one . then , the sound of a helicopter intrude , rotor thrum , building steadily , grow louder -- the floor seem to shake as the chopper approach -- nervous eye dart -- nobody move . CUT to : int . penthouse apartment -- same the chopper draw closer , grow louder -- Hugo , still try to crawl toward he down boss . soot finish he off with a flush headshot . gill , frantic , rapid chest compression on Israel , who gag , start , cough , heart back up and beat . his watery gaze move from gill to soot , who know stand overtop of he , aim the 9 mm down at he . Israel avert he eye ... the end have come . he look over and see he lamb-skin coat , lie there , soaking in beanie 's blood , ruin beyond recognition . a tear escape he eye . israel ... forgive I ... soot put the gun flush with buddy 's skull when suddenly , the ceiling begin to tremble and shake ... the sound of a helicopter fill the air . CUT to : int . hallway -- fourteenth floor -- same messner be lose carruther , can not revive he , begin to crack -- hammer on he chest ... it 's no use . he 's dead . he sob -- something slide from he pocket . he glance down ... ... see that the bag contain elmore 's severe finger have fall from he pocket . do not remember hang onto they . he replace they in he pocket . look down at he dead friend , see he severe hand , also miss finger ... ... the absurdity of this make messner want to cry laugh ... ... and that 's when he hear the chopper ... and see it as it rise up past they floor , past the contingent of cop and fed slugging it out with watter across the street . 102 . int . horizon HOTEL -- fourteenth floor -- same watter , ear ringing with gunfire reverb , reloading -- salvo of return fire rip back at she -- then , all at once , the shoot stop -- she pause , think it 's a ploy -- then slowly peer over the window sill as the Bell - Ranger come into view , over the nomad , touch down on its narrow rooftop . int . penthouse -- same the door to the penthouse level be bashed open and the window implode as FBI tactical agent repel in , weapon draw , swarm , surround the scene , shouting command -- darwin tremor drop the sledge , jackrabbit for the elevator , diving in as the door close -- syke , stumbling toward ivy . he see she 's injure , scoops she up like a new bride -- she place something in he hand ... acosta 's fake FBI credential . ivy look , nod , get it -- agent approach , combat crouch , mp - 5's at arm . agent # 1 let I see you hand ! ivy , flash the i.d. , take care to cover the photo . sir ivy this woman 's be shot , I need to get she medical attention immediately ! commotion and confusion swirl . the agent , unsure , search for some confirmation -- can not find it , dismiss they and rush into the penthouse . syke and ivy slip out the exit . CUT to : int . penthouse apartment -- same soot , disarm , handcuff . Israel , propped up , sweat badly , seizure still hobbling he heart . gill , be pat down by the Agents , prescription pill confiscate . soot be hold at gunpoint and flex - cuffed , the remainder of rubber appliance pull off he face . the agent begin to initiate a " all clear " over they radio . moment pass before deputy director locke enter the room , he approach soot , study he , to one of the agent ; locke soot ? the agent nod confirmation . locke reach into soot 's coat , find he cellphone ... hit redial . locke ( contd ) ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) would you join we please ... 103 . locke disconnect , pass the phone to a underl . locke ( cont 'd ) where be carruther and messner ? agent # 1 agent carruther be kill sir , ( as locke turn back ) agent messner be unaccount for . locke account for he . CUT to : int . stairwell -- same messner , bound up the step , gun draw , hear voice come down the stair toward he -- stop , check he weapon ... CUT to : int . stairwell -- same ivy and syke descend the stair . he carry she like a princess , sweeping she down landing after landing . sir ivy what 's you name baby girl ... syke , somehow shy , sweet , gaze up at he . syke ... Georgia . ivy , big smile . sir ivy Georgia on my mind wit 'yo fine ass . you know you save this black man . syke you know I do baby ... ( smile , assess ) and a deep , dark one at that . now if you be not a dog , which you do not look like -- sir ivy -- never in a million girl -- syke -- good , then all you get to be be grateful . sir ivy no doubt . that 's my mom there , teach I they skill . 104 . syke you love she ? sir ivy my mamma ? c'mon shorty , y'gotta ask ? ( beat , see she wound ) you hurtin ' pretty bad ? syke ( nodd ) get hit twice . sir ivy it 's go around be not it ? mafuckas catch bullet like the common cold up in this bitch . ( beat ) I think I accidentally shot and kill my boy today . syke well , if it 's any comfort , I 's goin ' in to there to act a fool baby . ( tap she gun ) straight rockin ' heat and slayin ' niggas - - sir ivy for real ? syke mmm-hmm ... and you boy very well mighta be one of them . sir ivy true ? syke like a mafucka . sir ivy that take some of the sting out . syke I probably woulda bust on you too ... and what a shame that woulda be . sir ivy I feel like I know you girl . I feel like I have know you forever . ( beat , smile ) you gonna lemme see you scar ? syke you do the right thing . sit with I while I heal , let it develop slow . 105 . sir ivy what be you doin ' here anyway ? syke ' spose to kill this fool name buddy Israel . this get ivy 's biggest grin . syke ( cont 'd ) damn baby girl , you makin ' a nigga fall hard now . he reach the seventeenth floor , round the corner , nearly run into messner , have a gun thrust in he face . messner f.b.i. you 're under arrest ! put her down , get up against that wall ! syke recognize he and in a blink have a gun under he chin . syke do not play out this string , ' cuz it 's real short I do not do you man downstairs . I find he that way . now whether or not you believe that be not the least bit important . we either goin ' work this out and live , or stay doin ' the shit we be doin ' and die . now I get no beef with you , or wit ya will bureau ... so you better off jus ' movin ' on &amp ; lettin ' we be . messner , eye move from ivy to syke . stalemate , no sense push . he move past they , hit the stairwell exit on eighteen . ivy and syke resume they trek down the stair . int . hallway -- penthouse floor messner , bashing in from the stairwell . whip pan over to reveal : the swede , still accompany by the sparazza goons , arrive in the elevator at the same time . CUT to : int . elevator darwin , on he way down , roll around on the floor of the car , cover himself in congeal blood and bullet casing , slick back he hair , lose the security jacket , splash yet more blood on himself . satisfied , he snatch carruther ' f.b.i. credential up off the floor ... and wait . CUT to : 106 . int . horizon HOTEL -- fourteenth floor -- same the elevator arrive at the far end . a small asian man carry a stack of clean towel step off and start down the hall -- see watter , see the .45 train on he -- do a abrupt about face and disappear back inside the car . watter lower the gun , wipe tear , the area around she be litter with spend .50 caliber shell . the fourteenth floor of the nomad be now empty . siren wail in the distance . down below , watter can see a bevy of law enforcement personnel stream toward the Horizon . she slowly take the Barrett off the ledge , begin break it down , glance up at the penthouse of the nomad as we ... ... CUT to : int . penthouse apartment -- same director locke wait . messner and the swede appear in the doorway . the swede nod to all concerned and start toward Israel . Doc gill acknowledge the swede . dr . gill Dr. ingstrom , he 's have a mild cardiac episode and recur arrhythmia , I have give he 60 cc 's of nobuneatol ... the swede kneel down next to Israel , drop he black valise , crack it open . messner , daze , dumbfounded , see locke . messner ... deputy director locke ? locke approach , lay a comforting arm on messner , guide he to a chair . locke here. sit. please . messner ( point to swede ) this be he ? the hitman hire to kill Israel ? he 's a doctor ? locke difficult to explain everything now ... ( beat , toward Israel ) and much larger issue loom . ( beat ) I be sorry about carruther ... damndest thing to have to die for . the swede , work on Israel , shaking he head , something 's wrong . he stand , cross to locke , silently confer . 107 . locke ( cont 'd ) ( to the swede ) very well . ( to other Agents ) take Mr. Israel to the roof , he will be travel with we . suddenly , soot break from he captor , sprinting for the shattered penthouse window , launching himself -- a swan dive out into the open air -- he hang there for a moment , a aesthetically strike form ; like lazarus cast against a cobalt blue sky , backlit by the sun from the lake below -- -- till gravity grab , pull -- plummete he toward earth , send he headlong into the vast expanse of concrete below . this startlingly event be dismiss by mutual shrug and a collective lack of concern . messner be absolutely agog . messner ( to locke , forceful ) what the hell -- what be this !? people die . agent carruther be dead ! locke we have to transport Mr. Israel to Las Vegas , time be of the essence . the gulfstream be stand by on the jetway at tahoe International . I be sorry , I be restrict from disclose anymore information . return to Washington . you will be debrief in the come day . locke say no more -- start out of the penthouse with the swede , Dr. gill and buddy Israel in tow . a Bureau forensics team arrive to quietly tag and bag the dead ... messner stand there , absolutely agog . CUT to : int . nomad HOTEL -- lobby -- day hive of activity . cordon and crime scene lockdown like onion layer , multiple law enforcement agency , confound , confuse -- too many cook , too many kitchen . nobody know who the hell in charge . local paramedics and emt 's cart out the wounded . coroner and m.e. 's cart out the dead . Reporters and national news outlet crowd police barricade outside , compete for coverage , as - - the camera pan over to reveal : acosta be wheeled through the lobby , hook up to iv and oxygen , look ghastly , like something exhume . he catch the eye of the pimply casino employee and manage a wink . 108 . he 's flex - cuffed to the gurney and push against the wall for the moment as the Agents move off to deal with the recent appearance of lazlo soot -- whose body have be unceremoniously splatter over the parking lot . as the Agents depart , acosta peer down at he shackle ; simple plastic bind rod -- he smile ... a moment later the stiletto blade fire from he sleeve as -- the camera pan over to reveal : darwin tremor staggering out of a open elevator , blood - sodden , head down -- FBI badge hold aloft for all its worth . play it up , free pass , Agents rush in , hold he upright , help he toward a line of await ambulance outside as -- the camera pan over to reveal : ivy and syke , be release from the stairwell , cut chain slide off -- ivy hold up pilfere FBI cred . rampant confusion make the moment possible . he 's wave through , carry syke , look every bit the good samaritan . syke , a mess of mascara , adorn in she unmentionable , look every bit the prostitute she appear to be -- she spot the woman at the counter from earlier . the woman gaze back , jaw agape . syke can only shrug ... if you can not beat them -- join them . she and ivy cross the lobby as -- the camera pan over to reveal : messner ... morose , exite another elevator with the sheet - drape body of carruther on a gurney . gandersen , the nomad owner , spot he , start over , look to unleash , get close enough to catch messner 's expression . see it in he eye ... enough dead body for one day . messner continue move through the lobby , hear the chopper take off as -- camera tilt up to reveal : through the clear glass atrium of the nomad , the Bell - Ranger go airborne against a impossibly clear winter sky , banking south toward Las Vegas . camera tilt down to reveal : the Horizon hotel across the way : the fourteenth floor window . int . horizon HOTEL -- fourteenth floor -- day watter , gear stow , seemingly indifferent about the level of law enforcement head up she way , about to launch a alamo - like last stand in honor of she fall sista . she hear commotion erupt from outside as survivor begin filing from the building . she take up the Barrett , gaze through the scope , look , look , look ...stop ... holy shit ... it 's she . it 's syke . 109 . and she 's alive and be carry by a man , a big gorgeous black man that she 's gaze upon with utter love and long . a boulder-size lump take shape in watter throat ; betrayed , backbit -- tear come to fast to contain , too many to control . numbed ... the sensation leave she finger , she find herself rack the bolt on the Barrett and gaze through crosshair ... take aim on ivy 's head . behind she , the elevator arrive , a a dozen armed cop , hoo -rah from it , hustling the length of the hall , descend down on she -- watter ( whisper ) ... I love you baby ... boom ! ext . parking structure -- nomad HOTEL -- same a gunshot in the distance follow by shriek -- darwin tremor snap he head around at the sound , move past platoon of cop and fed now rush that way . his i.d. be out , afford he easy egress . he hop the stair up , top level , barracuda park at the rear of the lot . as he approach ... voice ( o.s. ) hey ... darwin glance over at ... hollis elmore , stand there , skin horribly discolor , disease afflict . he wear a hood tourist sweatsuit ; " ta- hoe , ta- hoe it 's off to fun we go ! " stitched in cursive across the front . he 's hold the colt python against he hip . elmore ( nodd to cuda ) that you car ? darwin , a beat , what - to-do ... hillbilly - acumen in overdrive . darwin tremor no , I be confiscate it . ( hold up badge ) f.b.i . now elmore raise the colt with he good hand , advance on darwin , move gingerly , he leg not quite there ... elmore you be f.b.i .? darwin try to stay tight , compose . darwin tremor that 's right ... and I would advise y'ta lower you weapon sir . elmore keep come . 110 . elmore you investigate that murder out at the lake ? darwin tremor ( blanching a bit ) ww ...uh ... elmore Three man be ambush and shot , two die and have they body toss into the lake , the other have severe hypothermia , possible dementia and will probably be a multiple amputee by week 's end ... if he even life that long . darwin , uh-oh ... darwin tremor no , I be not even hear about -- -- oops . elmore ( even more menace ) you " be not " -- ( beat , tooth clench ) you have any idea how close to death I have be ? you understand that I be die now ? that I have survive bullet and frostbite and raging fever -- ( hold up hand ) miss finger and every fuck imaginable horror in between ? darwin ... speechless ... he 's do . elmore ( cont 'd ) and I be ask you now , " be that you car " and you can not even come clean and do I the decency of a straight answer , with the fuck state that I be in !? elmore , that colt look like a cannon this close to darwin . darwin tremor yeah , shit -- hell , you be right . I be sorry . elmore you shot I and murder my friend . darwin tremor I do . we -- yeah , I know . 111 . elmore and throw we into the lake . darwin tremor pretty much , yep . elmore , still nodd . elmore and this be you car , be not it ? darwin tremor mmm-hmm . elmore but there be more of you ? darwin tremor yeah , m'brother ... they do not make it . elmore two of them ? darwin tremor ( nod , tear flow ) thass ' right . ( beat , wiping eye ) I get other brother 's though , so it be not so bad . elmore you be here huntin ' a man name Israel , be not you ? you name be tremor . darwin gaze up at elmore , some fraternal bond form . darwin tremor I be . it be ... that who you be here for ? Israel ? a pause . elmore nod . darwin tremor ( cont 'd ) well ... we both get beat out then , do not we ? darwin , slowly lowering the colt . elmore yes we do ... ( long pause , then ) now , give I you car key . and get the fuck out of here . darwin , sifting through he pocket , toss elmore the key . 112 . darwin tremor s'fair ... lemme just grab somethin' . elmore bring the colt back up . darwin , hand up , hold on -- darwin tremor ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , I be do with all that . he reach in , pull a joint off the dashboard , forage , find match , light up , start off . darwin tremor ( cont 'd ) ( to ' cuda ) probably need to be tune . Air filter 's old . plug might be bad . heater and ac be not work in forever . ( see elmore waver ) there 's some good drug in the glove box there , homespun , keep you smile , semi-lucid at lea ' ... ( beat , puffing away ) well , God 's speed t'ya then . sorry ' bout all that . s'way a' the world though , winner and loser y'know . s'way it 's always goin ' be ... darwin , walk away , take huge hit off that joint , traipsing down the step , get stone out of he mind . elmore , consider , re-consider , look at that colt . elmore ... oh , fuck that ... -- as he back shoot darwin with all six round from the python , blow hole through he . darwin go lop-side , leg fail , lit-joint still smoking in he mouth as die stand , only to fall like cut timber second later . elmore act quickly , slide into the ' cuda and start it , that big block hemi roaring to life under the hood . CUT to : ext . nomad HOTEL and casino -- day pedestrian and passerby draw to the commotion at the nomad , the bottleneck bog traffic down , make it impossible to move . elmore crouch low as police and emergency personnel cross in front of the car ... slowly , the crosswalk begin to thin and then finally clear ... save a single man : messner ... stand right in front of the barracuda , stare at the tire , stare at elmore . the two lock eye as he move around to the driver 's side , reach into he pocket -- -- elmore lift the colt up off he lap , put he heavily bandage hand on the wheel . then he see messner 's FBI cred , clipped to he belt -- can not tell if this one 's legit . 113. he set the colt down on the floorboard as messner walk up , pull a plastic bag from he pocket : the one contain three severe finger . he glance down at elmore 's mummify leave hand , hold out the bag for he to take . elmore , unsure , accept the bag , see what 's inside , embarrassed by it -- he set it down on the seat next to he . messner you friend be take to carson City Memorial , they be go to be autopsie and ship back for burial . elmore I will take care of it . messner , nodd . a beat . messner who own this car ? beat . elmore the one that kill them . beat . messner nod . messner where be they now ? elmore look up at he -- what do it matter ... elmore I just want to go home man ... I just want to go home and forget this fuck place even exist . messner where 's that ? Home . elmore Las Vegas . messner , a think , then : messner you be injure ... let I drive . CUT to black fade up on : int . cedar sinai -- las vega nevada -- day messner walk in , clean up , press suit , no tie . he badge himself past the front desk . a orderly approach . 114 . orderly be you with the group on the third floor ? messner nod . orderly ( cont 'd ) very well . ( turn , point ) you can take that stairwell up , the i.c.u. be at the end of the hall . CUT to : int . cedar sinai -- third floor -- day messne exit the stairwell . drove of fed and justice department type crowd the third floor hallway , around the i.c.u . the mood be subdued . the swede exit a per - op suite , dress in scrub and a surgical gown , talk with Dr. gill , who be also dress for surgery . messner search the hall for a familiar face ... find it ... locke , far end , talk with a aide . locke ... for a press release . officially , he take he own life , suicide by hang , something of that sort . Basic bullet point -- despondent over the turn he career have take , trouble with the law , history of substance abuse and so on -- the aide see messner approach . locke follow she eye , turn . messner where 's Israel ? locke what be you do here ? messner my debrief -- locke ( indignant ) -- will be handle back in -- messner -- no , we need to handle it now . locke , angere , hand he clipboard to the aide , take messner by the arm , lead he away . locke you be give instruction to get on that plane and return to Washington -- 115 . a gun be in locke 's side now -- against he rib -- he look down , stunne ... now it 's messner who 's lead he away . messner you be go to tell I why no call be make to inform we that the Israel situation have be " alter . " why I - - and my friend and partner , whose body be go into a furnace tomorrow , be not sufficiently apprise of Bureau movement on this matter . locke , pale , shook up . locke I can not discuss -- messner -- you can and you will . locke you be finish . messner and you just figure that out ? ( jam gun into rib ) the swede be not a hitman , be he ? he 's a surgeon . sparazza do not want Israel 's heart for a trophy , he want it for a transplant ... why ? smash CUT to : int . cedar sinai -- i.c.u . -- recovery room -- day locke and messner enter . in a oxygen tent erect on one side of the room , sit the shrunken figure of primo sparazza . on the other , a barely conscious buddy Israel . both man be hook up to multiple I - v's and heart monitor . locke ... they be father and son ... messner turn back to locke , mind racing , search he memory , sparking to -- flash CUT : the diner . the day before . messner ... a paternity suit , file 1967 ... CUT back to scene : 116 . locke -- bring against sparazza by Israel 's mother laverne who be nineteen at the time . they have a brief affair which Israel be the by-product of . messner turn back , gaze at Israel and sparazza . messner ... do he know ? locke ... he do now ... Israel and sparazza glare at one another across the room with pure , unadulterate hate for the other . messner so the wiretaps of padiche and serna -- CUT to : the reel - to- reel machine spin : serna -- some swede , real badass , supposedly a " specialist " CUT back to : locke Dr. sven ingstrom be head of cardiology at stockholm University and the foremost heart specialist in all of Europe -- messner ... word can not begin to describe he dismay . locke ( cont 'd ) sparazza be in fail health and look for a donor . the son who have betrayed and burn he so thoroughly seem a obvious choice . messner so all of we intel be bogus to begin with . locke yes . the actual contract go to lazlo soot , the man that plunge to he death from the penthouse yesterday . he be to neutralize Israel 's entourage and prep for the removal of he heart . ( more ) 117 . locke ( cont 'd ) ingstrom be to handle the surgery itself on -site with the assistance of Dr. Gregory gill , Israel 's personal physician , who be also on the sparazza payroll . messner step closer to locke , close enough to throttle he . messner ... when do you know all this ? locke information be arrive all day yesterday . when we finally figure out who sparazza actually be , we -- -- oops -- slip - up , too much talk ... locke go silent . messner -- what ? ( after a moment ) what do you mean " who sparazza actually be ... " locke say nothing ... messner level he gun on he . locke ... be you insane ? messner ... almost . ( pull hammer back ) what do you mean " who sparazza actually be ... " locke reluctantly hand messner the confidential package we see deliver to he earlier in the film . messner pull the photo of a post - op primo sparazza - - CUT to : the diner , carruther and messner , the day before ... messner ( cont 'd ) you realize that sparraza have have thirty - six major medical procedure perform on he since 1953 ? elective plastic surgery , every single one -- CUT back to scene : locke it be not elective . it be undertake to save he life . and it be not cosmetic , it be reconstructive ... look at the date of the first procedure . 118. messner ( read ) ... yeah , fifty - three . locke the same year that sparazza murder agent Freeman heller ... messner ... a slow , sicken realization take hold ... flash CUT to : Jersey Turnpike . the past : a '51 Ford fairlane , flush with a embankment , bullet perforate , dead - body drape . a top - coat man stalk the vehicle 's sole survivor , FREEMAN heller , shoot he in the back . he roll over and be shot point blank in the face . the camera tilt up to the top-coate gunman , who return the pistol to its holster , revealing ... ... a FBI badge , clearly visible , clipped to he waist ... flash CUT back to : messner , stare at sparazza ... now he know . messner ( as if to himself ) ...holy shit ... that 's heller ... ( back to locke ) be not it ? locke primo sparazza be heller 's alias . he go deep cover in 1940 and stay under for over ten year , amass material against the mafia and other criminal syndicate . he may have rip the organization wide open , pre-appalachia , but he superior be convinced that he have go rogue , swap allegiance ... so they give the order to terminate he cover . flash CUT to : Freeman heller / primo sparazza , lie there on the turnpike , unblink blue eye stare up dead , bullet puncture issue blood , swell consume the facial feature , distorting , pervert ... then , inexplicably ... that blue eye blink . locke ( cont 'd ) he survive the shoot but the injury he sustained trigger a degenerative bone disease that require constant surgery , forever alter he feature ... so he assume he alias full - time . ( more ) 119 . locke ( cont 'd ) the figment that be primo sparazza become flesh and blood . ( beat ) Freeman heller be no more . CUT to : the diner . the day before . carruther -- heller be bury in agency lore - CUT back to scene : messner , head in he hand . locke the agent of that era be all dead and go , history have default to fable ... until now . you can imagine the shock this send through the corridor of power in D.C. heller 's op predate the second world war . that 's over sixty year of intel . do you know how valuable that could be ? the man 's a treasure trove . messner ... so you make another deal ? locke I would not go that far . messner but you do , and have ... and now people be dead . ( beat , seethe ) do sparazza become more valuable than Israel ... and do you make another deal ? a beat . locke , a reluctant nod . locke Israel 's agreement with the government be toss out . we be now attempt to rehabilitate he to the point where a transplant can be attempt . messner glower at locke ... can not believe what he 's hearing . messner ( with disgust ) you be try to save sparazza ? locke no ... we be try to save heller . 120 . messner ... so you know all this and yet y-- locke ( cut he off ) -- we need cohesion to move forward . not conjecture . messner ... while carruther and a dozen other lie die , you debate semantics . the Bureau 's betrayed we ... ( point to sparazza ) the way they betrayed he ... locke I do not see it like that at all . messner 's head fall into he hand . messner no , of course you do not ... of course you do not . ( long reflective pause ) ... I give all my belief and the better part of my soul to this Bureau . ( beat , look at the wraith - like sparazza ) ... look at the monster you have make ... ( beat , profoundly sad ) I will not be one of they . locke , swallow hard , struggle to assert he authority . locke I will overlook what you have do here today in light of what 's take place . you have be fully debrief . now I want you to return to D.C. immediately and make no further inquiry into this matter . I mean it . it 's close . messner no ... it 's not . ( toss messner he FBI id ) what it lack ... be a end . locke , not get it as messner take aim on the oxygen tent contain sparazza . locke 's eye inflate , he reach - grab - grope - noooo -! -- Israel , the faintest of smile as -- boom . the end