" smokey and the bandit " screenplay by James Lee Barrett , Charles shyer and Alan Mandel Story by hal needham and Robert L. levy early draft fade in : the highway - day Georgia . two -lane blacktop , stretch from here to heaven . empty . Silent . then , suddenly in the far distance , several dark speck rise over a hill and head straight toward camera . camera hold and the speck begin to take form . vehicle . truck . six monstrous eighteen - wheel diesel , come at we , they smokestack blast . sound grow louder , as we begin to hear snatch of citizen Band Radio talk over : voice one -- breaker , this be banana peel ... voice two -- yeah , breaker go head on . voice one -- thanks much . I would like to get I a smokey report ? voice two -- Road look clean as a hound 's tooth . voice one -- okey , doke . last one to the roadeo be a homo . voice fade and title and credit begin . " Black smoke blow over eighteen wheel " by Red Simpson come up in the b.g. as the six truck blast right over camera . a aerial view of the truck drive through a entrance gate to a huge parking lot . over the gate be a sign read : " georgia truck roadeo state final . " Music and credit continue . truck roadeo - parking lot - day mack , kenworth , whites and jimmy , all polished to a mirrore finish . truck driver deck out in they flashiest western outfit . the stand fill with spectator on the edge of they seat , watch the gearjammer put they rig through test of skill and reflex -- parallel parking , drive around egg , through complicated barricade , etc . camera pick up a customize white cadillac convertible pull into the roadeo grounds . the caddy have mount chrome quarter horse on each front fender , bull horn on the front bumper , stack rifle display in the rear . garish . the car 's Texas license plate read " Mr. Big . " closer angle the cadillac stop . two man climb out and wend they way through the truck and spectator . camera track behind they . although we can not see they face , we see that one man be pudgy and deck out in a fancy white western suit and hat . the other be young , tall , skinny and wear a grey western suit and hat . Kyle brand and he son dickey . music and credit fade angle - roadeo infield the crowd roar , as the truck race through a obstacle course . angle - the men - tracking camera still on they back . dickey ( refer to race ) be that bandit in the lead ? kyle if that sumbitch be in the race , he would be in the winner 's circle by now . dickey I still think this whole idea be dumb , pop . kyle then it must be a helluva idea . Kyle laugh . his laugh then turn into a hack cough . dickey why do not we just rent a lear jet and haul it back ourselves ? kyle because I wanna see this hot shot bandit do something that can not be do . besides , there 's nothing I like better than break legend . he laugh , cough again , continue walk . dickey ( not get it ) but if it can not be do , how 's he gonna do it ? kyle that 's the point , dickey . dickey oh . kyle now , you just find he , son . dickey yes , sir . dickey cross to a trucker couple , polish up they chrome rig . dickey say , hoss . where might I locate the bandit ? husband ai not see he . wife ( immediately ) over there behind he rig . the husband shoot he old lady a jealous look . dickey rejoin Kyle and they head toward bandit larue 's truck . new angle - moving as they come to the only batter , beat - up eighteen - wheeler at the entire truck roadeo . it look like it have not be wash since it leave the showroom . on one side of the truck be a fade and peel mural of a stagecoach be hold up . a teamster and a shotgun guard have they hand high in the air and a bandit on horseback have a six - gun point at they . a elaborate cb radio antenna grow out of the cab beside the driver 's door . angle - kyle and dickey - from behind as they round the truck and stop in they track . reverse angle - what they see a hammock be stretch from the cab of the truck to a oak tree . a man wear a fade denim western shirt , open with the sleeve roll up , levis and silver - to cowboy boot be lie in the hammock . a cowboy hat cover he face . closer angle as shadow fall across the figure . the man slowly tip back he hat and we see he 's in he thirty , boyishly handsome , with a cocky smile . bandit larue . full shot and for the first time we get a look at Kyle and dickey . Kyle be wear sunglass and diamond ring on every finger . his smile be as tasteless as the suit he wear . dickey be in he early twenty . blonde , blue -ey and scared to death of he old man . bandit look at they for a moment , then casually pull the hat back over he face . kyle aw , be not you glad to see I , bandit ? bandit ( hat over he face ) yeah , it 's the highlight of my day . there 's a long pause interrupt by Kyle 's hack cough . kyle ( to dickey ) what 's he get if he win here ? bandit ( hat over he face ) if ...? dickey five thou . kyle chickenshit money . Kyle cough again . bandit ( hat over he face ) could you turn you head ? bandit get up and begin untying the hammock from the tree . Kyle cross to he . bandit look , Kyle ; I be not in this truck roadeo for the money . it 's the challenge . you know , the ecstasy of victory , the agony of defeat . Kyle look out at the cheer crowd . kyle I can not believe there 's two thousand people here to watch a bunch of guy back up they truck . bandit America 's bored . ( then ) now , what do you want ? kyle you to forget this dumbass roadeo and take on a real challenge . as bandit turn to he , we : CUT to : bandit truck - day bandit , wear aviator shade and he cowboy hat , be back the truck up and shouting down to Kyle and dickey on the ground . bandit you be crazy , man . smart dresser , but crazy . kyle what 's the matter ? legend have it bandit larue 's king of the road . bandit I can make it to texarkana and back in twenty - eight hour ... that 's no sweat . dickey it be not ever be do before , hot shit . bandit ( smile at dickey , then ) see , run coor beer east of Texas be what bother I . it make I a bootlegger . kyle I hear a few week ago you smuggle sixteen beaner up to West Virginia . bandit you know how rumor start . dickey I think you be just yellow . bandit wonderful psychology . why do not you say something about my mom ? ( then ) Excuse I . bandit drive toward the start line for another event . Kyle and dickey run alongside . kyle ( cough , then ) look , you make this little run for I , I will buy you a new rig . bandit ( indicate truck ) last year , this be a new rig . kyle but it be not a kenworth . dickey turn to he father , stunne , as bandit stop the truck . dickey ( sotto ) pop , a k - whopper 's worth seventy thou . bandit ( correct ) seventy - two five . ( then ) why do you want this barley pop so bad ? dickey he 's thirsty . bandit smile at dickey again . kyle I get a boy run in the Peach Tree classic tomorrow and when he win , I wanna celebrate in style . bandit how much style ? kyle four hundred case worth . ( a long pause ) well ? bandit ( a beat ) you pay for the gas ? Kyle smile that unwin smile and take out a huge wad of bill , as we : CUT to : georgia countryside - day picturesque . bandit 's eighteen - wheeler roll down the Georgia highway , past lush green meadow and endless acre of pine . over this : a woman' voice whaddya mean , we be not go to the show tonight ? inside the truck ( dialogue overlap ) and for the first time , we get a real look inside the rig . it 's quite a set-up . the opposite of the outside . Home on the road . sheepskin over the two front seat , a poster of raquel Welch in a bikini tack above the windshield , under which be a bumper sticker read : " do it for trucker . " on the dash board , a St. Christopher medal and a chatter skull . also , a stereo tape deck and the best citizen Band Radio outfit money can buy . bandit be on the c.b. bandit ( into mike ) hot pant , I get no choice . I gotta make a run to texarkana . over . woman' voice ( over cb ) but you be promise to take I for three week . bandit ( into mike ) baby , I ... male voice ( over cb ) break . break . woman' voice ( over cb ) yeah , breaker ; come on . male voice ( over cb ) hot pant , this here be sugar man . I will take you to the show tonight . pick you up at seven . how be I hit you ? woman' voice ( over cb ) bull 's - eye , sugar man . bandit ? bandit ( into mike ) yeah ? woman' voice ( over cb ) go sit on a cold carrot . bandit look at the mike and we : CUT to : residential STREET - day bandit 's truck pull to a stop in front of a small white clapboard house . CUT to : a few minute later - inside the house most of the furniture be old and what be not , be cover with plastic . no fancy carpet or object d'art . on the coffee table be a open , colorfully illustrate Bible . a blonde wood television set sit in a corner of the room . there be a lot of toy truck lie around and over the mantel be a oil painting of a fancy eighteen - wheeler with a epitaph under it read : " I would rather be a truck driver , than be a millionaire ... " bandit be try to get into the bedroom , but he path be be block by a fade Georgia beauty lose somewhere in she thirty . waynette snow . bandit ( try to get past she ) goddamn , waynette ; you sure do look foxy today . if you be not already marry , I would ... waynette do not give I that horseshit , bandit . you be not see he . bandit ( determine ) yes , I be . waynette ( equally determine ) no , you be not . a scrawny little kid run through the room , follow by a even scrawnier mutt . scrawny kid hi , uncle bandit . waynette ( turn to kid ) he be not you damn uncle and get that mutt outta here . he just peed all over my hot curler ! bandit take the moment to slide past waynette and duck into the bedroom . the bedroom be dark . the venetian blind be draw . bandit hurry into the room with waynette still holler in the b.g. he pass a french provincial dresser with a small fleet of model truck on top and cross to a lump sleep face down on a double bed . bandit ( shaking the lump ) cledus . cledus ( not move ) no . bandit ( shaking he again ) wake up , man ; I just get we a hot run for big buck . bandit go to the closet and begin toss clothes onto the bed . cledus ( slowly roll over ) whadda we have to do -- kidnap the Pope ? bandit ( o.s. ) ( from closet ) how would you know ? he come out of the closet with the rest of the clothes and toss they on the bed , then cross to the dresser drawer and throw a pair of sock and underwear at cledus . bandit look , all we gotta do be make a run to texarkana ... ( under he breath ) ... in twenty - eight hour . cledus snow slowly come up from under the cover and we get we first glimpse of he . he 's thirty - three , but you would never take he for a day under forty . trucker all the way . he 's wear boxer short and a undershirt . as he reach across to the nightstand and put on a pair of glass : cledus twenty - eight hour ! you be outta you gord . bandit be that any way to talk to you ole partner ? ( pull back blanket ) look , it 's only nine hundred mile each way . cledus ( figure quick ) that mean we gotta average ninety - four mile per . ( lie back down ) forget it . bandit no one 's ever do it before . this will put we on the map . cledus or in the slammer . bandit do I tell you they be gonna give we a brand new kenworth ? cledus ( sit up ) waynette ! CUT to : outside cledus ' house - day bandit sit inside the cab of the truck , nervously tapping he foot and watch cledus ' kid play football on the front lawn . the mutt keep get in they way . bandit hit the horn and a instant later , cledus step onto the front porch , follow by waynette . he 's wear a plaid shirt , levis , a large engrave cowboy belt and a thermal vest . waynette ( hand he a thermos ) this be not fair . you be let he talk you into this . cledus ( buttone shirt ) I swear to God , pumpkin ; I will be back before you know it . ( sly smile ) and then I will make you glad you be bear a woman . waynette well , I just might not be wait this time . bandit toot again . waynette give he " the finger . " cledus honey , please ... do not be this way . you know I would do anything for you . waynette anything ? cledus nod . waynette take Fred . CUT to : georgia highway - late afternoon the eighteen - wheeler head west , stack open . over : cledus ( v.o. ) believe I , man ; Fred will be no problem . bandit ( v.o. ) yeah , I can tell he 's gonna be a major asset . inside the cab ( dialogue overlap ) Fred , the mutt , lay with he head slump over bandit 's leg . cledus be at the wheel , wear clip - on sunglass . bandit all right , Fred ; enough fun . bandit pick Fred up and dump he onto the sleeper compartment behind the seat . then , start go over a road map . cledus you know of course , we be not ever gonna make it . bandit ( not look up ) quit be so negative , guy ; ' course we be gonna make it . we be not never not make it , have we ? cledus no . bandit see . cledus we ass gonna be in a sling if we get catch . bandit ( look up , straight to he ) and if we do not , they be gonna be riding high in a brand new kenworth . as " truck driving man " by Red steagall start over , cledus look at bandit , sigh -- then punch it . dissolve thru to : a series of lap dissolves - the eighteen-wheeler roaring down the highway . Music continue , as slowly day become night and the truck whizze across the Alabama and Mississippi State line . dissolve thru to : the highway - night the rig be park on the shoulder under a highway light . bandit and cledus stand by the side of the truck , as Fred wander aimlessly around the grassy knoll off the shoulder . bandit ( snap he finger impatiently ) how long 's this gonna take ? cledus I do not know , man . ask he ? bandit ( nervously ) we gotta let the slack out , cledus ; this be cost we time . cledus if you ask I , I think we should make that run to choo choo town and pick up that load of lumber . Nice . easy . and within the law . bandit also boring . cledus but I still do not think ... bandit walk away from cledus in mid-sentence , head for the rear of the truck . cledus what be you doin ' now ? bandit ( start to open rear door ) running blocker . CUT to : the back door of the truck as bandit swing they open , cledus adjust one of two ramp that have now be mount on the rear of the truck 's floor . as cledus kick the ramp into place , bandit climb into the back of the trailer and disappear . after a moment , there be a deafen roar and suddenly , two headlight be glaring straight at camera . new angle a beat and slowly , a full - blow shelby cobra ii appear from inside the truck . as it move slowly down the ramp , we see it have twelve coat of black lacquer , red pinstripe , aluminum mag , twelve - inch firestone , the work . a mean machine . on the rear bumper be a cb antenna match the one on the truck . camera follows as bandit guide the cobra down the ramp . cledus quickly fold up the ramp and dump it back into the truck . he slam the metal door close and cross to the cobra . cledus all right , here 's we plan of communication , so as to avoid smokey . bandit go . cledus now , if I say go to channel three , it really mean go to six . bandit ( nod ) six . get it . cledus if I say go to twenty - one , go to nineteen . bandit ( try to remember ) twenty - one be nineteen . cledus if I say go to two , it 's really one . bandit ( now totally confuse ) two be one . ( then ) listen , let 's just stay on the odd channel and switch everytime . start in the basement . now , let 's haul ass . cledus grab Fred , who 's still pee and bound up the metal step of the cab . as bandit lay twenty foot of rubber , we : CUT to : MISSISSIPPI highway - night the cobra follow by the eighteen - wheeler whip past camera . ( note : from this point on , the cobra will be refer to as bandit i. the eighteen - wheeler as bandit ii . ) inside bandit I ( the cobra ) the car be cherry . wooden steering wheel , all leather upholstery stereo tape deck , harness - style seat belt and a cb radio identical to the one in bandit ii . bandit be talk to cledus on the cb . bandit ( into mike ) bandit one , be I hit you ? intercut - bandit ii ( the eighteen -wheeler ) cledus pick up he mike . Fred be now riding shotgun . cledus ( into mike ) you be wall to wall and tree top tall . bandit ( into mike ) I be gonna run a couple mile ahead of you . keep both foot on the floor . we will be move ninety and over . cledus ( into mike ; after a beat ) bandit ? bandit ( into mike ) yeah ? cledus ( into mike ) why be we do this ? bandit ( a beat , then into mike ) because they say it could not be do . and : dissolve to : the highway - night bandit I and ii scream through the Mississippi night . over this a drive Doug kershaw fiddle . inside bandit bandit drive , sip coffee from a thermos . see something . he view - up ahead a Mississippi highway patrol car be approach from the opposite direction . back to bandit as he ease up on the pedal and fire up he cb mike . bandit ( into mike ) bandit two , do you read I ? bandit glance up in he rear view mirror . angle - through rear view mirror the Mississippi hpc , zip past bandit and move on down the highway . intercut - bandit I and ii ( dialogue overlap ) cledus pick up he mike . cledus ( into mike ) loud and clear . bandit ( into mike ) pull you hammer back , smokey 's come at you . cledus immediately back off the accelerator and slow down , a instant before the Mississippi hpc pass by . everything be cool . cledus ( into mike ) he 's history . bandit ( into mike ) okay , we get a straight shot to T town , so let she roll . and we : dissolve to : series of shot as night slowly begin fade back into day , bandit I and bandit ii blast across the Arkansas State line . dissolve to : the SUN rising behind a sign that read : welcome to texarkana , Texas . a beat and two blur whip past camera . bandit I and ii . CUT to : the warehouse - dawn bandit I follow by bandit ii pull into the load area of a large warehouse . the place be lock up and the load dock be empty . bandit and cledus park they vehicle and climb out . bandit shit ! no one 's here . cledus ( check watch ) that 's ' cause we be damn near a hour ahead of schedule . bandit let 's keep it that way . bandit grab a crowbar from bandit I and we : CUT to : inside the warehouse pitch black . a beat , then a loud smash o.s. and the door slide open , send a stream of light across the warehouse floor . bandit and cledus step inside . bandit cross to the light switch and hit it . suddenly the entire room be bath in flourescent . we see the warehouse be fill with case upon case of coor beer . cledus ( whistle low ) liquid gold . bandit ( nod ) redneck heaven . they cross back to the large slide door and as bandit push it open , cledus jump into the truck 's cab and begin back the big rig up to the load dock . CUT to : the warehouse - a few minute later the rig 's door be open and ready for load . cledus and bandit cross to a brand new fork - lift . cledus you know how to drive one of this thing ? bandit can a pig whistle ? bandit climb into the seat of the fork - lift and turn the key . the engine roar to life . he grin and confidently throw it into gear . the fork - lift leap backward and begin speed wildly around the warehouse . cledus ( yell ) hit the brake ! bandit they be jamme ! running angle - following the fork - lift as it smashes into stack of coor case , send they fly in every direction and toss bandit out of the seat -- and into the air . new angle as bandit crash to the ground , surround by case of beer . he look up to cledus . bandit so much for whistling pig . CUT to : inside the warehouse - twenty minute later bandit ii be now almost fill with case of coor , as cledus guide the fork - lift 's final load onto the load dock . he and bandit unload the final case and cledus park the fork - lift . they look around . the place be a wreck . bandit let 's get the hell outta here . cledus should not we pay them for the damage ? bandit ( snap he finger ) right . give I you pen . we will tell them to bill Kyle . as bandit pull out a piece of paper and cledus hand he a pen , we : dissolve to : the texarkana CITY limit sign - morning as again , two blur flash past camera , move south . bandit I and bandit ii -- head home . dissolve to : arkansas highway - high shot it 's now mid-morn , as camera follow bandit I and ii roll through hog country . over : bandit ( over cb ) we still on schedule ? cledus ( over cb ) forty - two minute ahead . inside bandit I - moving ( dialogue overlap ) bandit hold the cb mike . bandit ( into mike ) I hate to say I tell you so . cledus ( into mike ) save it . we get a long haul . bandit ( into mike ) clear and roll . he hang up the mike , then see something ahead of he he can not believe . what he sees stand in the middle of the highway be a girl in a wedding gown . off to the side , on the shoulder , be a customize camaro with a " just married " sign on the back and string of tin can , shoe and streamer . the hood of the camaro be up . back to scene as bandit ease off the accelerator and start to move around the girl . but the girl move with he , wave and block he path . bandit 's force to pull off the road and stop . the girl rush up to the cobra and open the door . girl ( climb in ) thanks . bandit ( it be nothing ) hey ... the girl slam the door and turn to bandit . she 's tall and sophisticated . a hyper New Yorker in she late twenty . kate mcconnell . full shot as bandit I pull away in a cloud of dust and squealing tire , a beat - up van pass , go the other way . three shitkicker kide be riding in the Van . they watch bandit leave the abandon " just married " car and brake to turn around . bandit and kate do not notice . inside bandit I - day - moving pick up speed . bandit ( after a beat ) who 's the unlucky guy ? kate take off she veil and shake down she hair . she 's a beauty . bandit immediately notice , but keep drive . she start talk a mile - a-minute . kate okay . I be in Texas dance in a industrial show for sunkist orange . they say I be the new anita Bryant . but I be really a dancer from New York . a lot of credit . moderate talent . ( roll on ) anyway , after open night , I be walk back to the motor lodge and suddenly there he be . a tall Texan with a twenty - nine inch waist . pure dynamite . bandit all sound reason for matrimony . kate look , I be a twenty - eight year old hoofer who spend most of she time with fag . besides , I be impulsive . it run in the family . we be all crazy . mind if I smoke ? ( light a cigarette ) anyway , today be the ' bid day . ' but as I be walk down the aisle , I realize this be total insanity . what be I go to do in Texas the rest of my life ? I can not marry Jerry Jeff . I mean , we be eventually gonna have to talk . so , halfway down the aisle , I turn and split . you think I be nut , right ? bandit absolutely not . in fact , I pick up a bride yesterday ; except she be a singer . suddenly , cledus interrupt over the cb . cledus bandit I , do you copy ? bandit ( pick up mike ) this be bandit I , come back . intercut - bandit I and ii cledus on the cb . cledus ( into mike ) who 's the broad ? over . bandit turn to the girl . kate kate mcconnell . bandit ( into mike ) kate mcconnell . sweet , shy ... well - dress . I be give she a lift to the next waterhole . cledus ( into mike ) listen , pardner ; this be not no time to be get laid . kate ( into mike ) believe I , that will not be a problem . CUT to : bandit ii cledus replace the cb mike and slip Red Simpson 's " motivatin ' man " into the tape deck . cledus never fail . bandit get a chick . I get ... he look over at Fred , who 's now pass out in the passenger seat . CUT to : shiny strip of chrome as a pair of plyer rip it off the side of a car and we ease back to see : kate abandoned camaro still park along the Arkansas highway -- now almost completely stripped by the three kide in the Van . the car be up on jack , as one of the kid , roll the last of the four tire to the rear of the Van . another kid dump the chrome stripping into the cab , while the third , unscrew the radio . new angle as a TEXAS sheriff' car skid to a stop behind they . sheriff buell clayton climb out . fifty . ruggedly handsome . a impose figure . clayton hey ! the kid freeze , as the sheriff stride up to they . first kid ( plead ) I swear to God , officer ; the car be . already like this , we be just try to ... but sheriff Clayton do not even notice they have stripped down the entire car . he 's get other problem . clayton do you see the gal who be drive ? she be wear a wedding dress . they all nod , still shaking in they jeans . second kid ( eagerly ) yes , sir . she get into a cherry - look cobra . clayton you get a look at the driver ? first kid no , but he have Georgia plate . ban - one . Clayton turn on he heel and leap back into the sheriff 's car , mutter to himself . he jam it into gear and peel out in a cloud of dust . the kid exchange bewilder look , then immediately go back to stripping the camaro . CUT to : inside bandit I - bandit and kate bandit watch the road . kate watch bandit . kate why be you drive so fast ? bandit I gotta get back to Atlanta in thirteen hour . kate why ? you have a bowl date ? bandit cute . no , ' cause no one 's ever make it from Atlanta to texarkana and back in twenty - eight hour . kate who would want to ? bandit I never look at it that way . ( then ) you ask a lot of question . kate why be you do this obviously macho feat ? bandit for a new kenworth . that 's a truck . kate ( incredulous ) a truck ? you be do this for a truck ? that 's insanity . bandit it 's not a truck . it 's the roll royce of eighteen - wheeler . kate but you could get kill , right ? bandit hey , you could get kill crossing the street . kate a existentialist . bandit ( turn to she ) a what ? kate eye on the road . she light up another cigarette , as we : CUT to : a bird eye view of a endless stretch of Arkansas highway . camera follow two vehicle -- haul ass . bandit I , follow a couple of mile back by bandit ii . inside bandit I - day - moving bandit and kate . kate ( lean back in she seat ) so tell I about yourself . bandit okay . a beat . nothing . kate well ?... bandit whaddya want to know ? my sign ? kate no . I want to know what you think about besides ditching smokey ? bandit have fun . kate be this fun ? bandit driving ? kate driving , talk to I ... bandit they be both a challenge . kate you have a great profile . bandit yeah , I do . especially from that angle . she laugh . then : kate where you from ? bandit mattoon , Illinois . but I move down south to work in the Civil rights movement . kate seriously ?!? bandit ( obviously lie ) would I lie to you ? CUT to : a arkansas highway patrol car park off to the side of the highway behind a abandon and board up diner . the patrol car be empty and from a little transistor radio hang on the rear view mirror , merle haggard sing , " I take a lot of pride in what I be . " camera move off the patrol car and find it 's Driver , a Arkansas highway patrolman with crew cut , take a leak . suddenly , bandit I whip past do at least a hundred and almost blow the officer over . he quickly zip up and race to he car . back to bandit I - moving kate have see the cop. bandit have not . kate guess what ? bandit I give up . kate you just pass you nemesis . he look at she . kate smokey . bandit glance up in he rear view mirror . what he sees - through rear view mirror the Arkansas highway patrol car come after he , it 's advertising twirling and siren wail . back to scene bandit turn to kate . bandit better fasten you seat belt . bandit slam on he brake , lock all four tire and send the cobra into a four wheel drift . kate ( as they be slide ) good idea . she buckle up , as bandit grab for the cb mike . bandit ( into mike ) bandit two . I be gonna leave you for a minute . back in a flash . intercut - bandit ii cledus on the cb mike . cledus ( into mike ) keep 'er between the ditch . arkansas highway - day bandit I slide broadside down the highway and exit down a dirt road . dirt road - day bandit I roar down the road , leave cloud of dust in its wake . highway - day the Arkansas highway patrol car do a 180 in the middle of the highway and take the dirt road turnoff . dirt road - day bandit I blast up the dirt road , leave trail of billow dust behind he . the Arkansas highway patrol car in hot pursuit . over this : kate ( v.o. ) what the hell 's go on ? bandit ( v.o. ) I forget to tell you . I be run blocker for four hundred case of illegal brew . a beat , then : kate ( v.o. ) and I think I have problem . inside the highway patrol car - moving the windshield of the car be cover with dust . the Officer try to squint through it , but the dust keep building up . finally , he turn on he windshield wiper , make the dust twice as thick . and now he can not see anything . inside bandit I - moving bandit look over he shoulder . nothing but a solid wall of dust . he whip the cobra around a hairpin turn and floor it . new angle the highway patrol car miss the turn and go off the road . out of control , the car smashes through a clapboard fence and sail into : a swamp it land with a gigantic splash and water fill the frame . inside bandit I roaring down the dirt road . kate be turn around in she seat , look through the rear window . bandit anything ? kate ( turn back around ) we be cool . the dumb schmuck take the wrong turn . they both breathe a sigh of relief . kate can I ask you something ? bandit shoot . kate what do you want to be when you grow up ? before he can answer : cledus ( v.o. ) ( from cb ) bandit i. bandit I . do you read I ? as bandit reach for the mike to answer cledus , he glance up . what he sees a tractor have move from behind a tree and be crossing the road directly in front of bandit I . bandit toss the cb mike to kate with one hand and swerve the wheel to the right with the other . bandit ( to kate ) say this be bandit I . then , over . as bandit blast around the tractor and down the road , kate talk into the mike . kate ( into mike ) this be bandit i. over . intercut - bandit ii cledus on the cb cledus ( into mike ) where the hell be you ? kate ( into mike ) smokey be on we tail . we have to take a detour to ditch the motherfu ... bandit ( cut she off ) you can not swear on this . cledus ( from cb ) what 's go on , bandit ? come on . bandit ( to kate ) tell he we will be back on the highway in a second . as kate start talk , Fred spot some cow graze and start bark like crazy . cledus can not hear a thing . cledus ( to the dog ) shut up , Fred . kate ( to bandit ) who 's Fred ? inside clayton be car - day - moving sheriff Clayton 's be listen to this whole exchange on he cb . kate ( v.o. ) bandit ii . we will be back on the highway in a second . over . cledus ( v.o. ) I will keep my eyeball peel . clayton ( thin smile ) so will I , hoss . so will I . CUT back to : inside bandit I kate replace the cb mike . kate ( refer to cb ) this thing be fabulous . a beat . kate you know , you be not a bad driver . bandit you know , you be not a bad passenger . they glance at each other for a moment , then both look away . back at each other . then away again . and we : CUT to : arkansas highway - day the eighteen - wheel bandit ii , roll . another section of the highway sheriff Clayton barrel down the blacktop . a embankment as bandit I screech up over the embankment -- put he back on the highway . he floor it and they be off . inside bandit I - day - moving bandit flick he cb selector to the next odd channel . bandit ( into mike ) bandit ii , do you copy ? intercut - bandit I and ii cledus pick up the mike . Fred be now snore . cledus ( into mike ) this be bandit ii . now , where the hell be you ? bandit ( into mike ) on two lane blacktop . mile marker six -one . how we doin ' on time ? cledus ( check watch , then into mike ) thirty - eight minute ahead of schedule . bandit ( into mike ) what 's you twenty ? cledus I be ' bout four mile ahead of you , turkey . bandit ( into mike ) not for long , you be not . as bandit 's about to hang up the mike , a new voice come on . voice ( from cb ) breaker . breaker . bandit ( into mike ) go breaker . voice ( from cb ) bandit , I just think I would lay a smokey report on you . bandit ( into mike ) go head on , breaker . voice ( from cb ) I would say you future 's look dim , boss . bandit ( into mike , nervous ) what 's you twenty and what 's you handle ? voice ( from cb ) my handle 's smokey bear and I get you by the tail . a siren blast behind they , whipping bandit and kate around . there view - thru rear window sheriff Clayton be right on they ass -- no more than three foot away -- he siren wail and he advertising flash . back to scene bandit slam down the cb mike . bandit ( to kate ) that 's a Texas cop . what the hell 's he do in Arkansas ? kate ( uneasy ) I do not know . maybe Jerry Jeff send the heat after we . bandit ( worried ) a Texas bear in Arkansas . ( then ) something 's up and at this point in my life , I do not want to know what it be . he trounce on it and the Shelby cobra ii spring to life , lay twenty foot of third gear rubber . suddenly , the Texas sheriff 's car look like it 's stand on jack . inside sheriff' car as sheriff Clayton floorboard it and take off after bandit I . clayton ( to himself ) I be gonna get that bastard . no one make buell Clayton look like a fool . let 's get go . arkansas highway - day as bandit I race past camera . a beat and here come the Texas sheriff . hard and fast . inside bandit I - moving bandit be all concentration . both hand on the wheel . press 120 mph . kate fumble for she cigarettes , but they all go fly out of the pack . one land on she lap . she light it . bandit view up ahead , the big rear end of bandit ii . back to scene bandit fire up he cb and flip to the next odd channel . bandit ( into mike ) I be whipping around you , bandit ii . smokey on the rubber . inside bandit ii - moving cledus look up ahead . he view traffic . come head on . back to cledus key the mike . cledus ( into mike ) you be gonna have to create you own lane , buddy . you get oncoming . inside bandit bandit turn to kate . she shrug and close she eye . he floor it . kate ( a mile - a-minute ) you know , my mother be a dancer , too . her big shot be the touring company of ' brigadoon . ' she 's be marry three time . to a redneck , a poet and she tennis instructor . ( not miss a beat ) see , I motor-mouth when I get nervous . I be nervous when I first get into the car . now I be scared shitless . bandit believe I , there 's nothing to be afraid of . with that , bandit fly off the highway , onto the shoulder . kate close she eye even tighter . full shot as bandit pull alongside the big eighteen - wheeler , hang onto the shoulder for he life . he view up ahead -- a dirt road crossing . he will never make it past the huge eighteen - wheeler in time . new angle as bandit I hit the dirt road crossing , fly into the air , come down , smashes into a highway sign and send it splintering twenty foot into the air . before he can whip the wheel around , bandit be stare at a endless row of rural mailbox . kate turn she head , as bandit I mow down the mailbox . whap ! whap ! whap ! whap ! whap ! bandit drop the cobra into first , zoom past bandit ii and sail back onto the highway . bandit still with I ? kate slowly open she eye . she 's alive . angle - sheriff clayton' car trap behind the huge eighteen - wheeler . Clayton pull out in a attempt to squeeze between bandit ii and the oncoming traffic . brake squeal , as seven car be force to hit the side shoulder . just as Clayton move halfway past the eighteen - wheeler , cledus put on the press -- edging sheriff Clayton over . Clayton 's rear fender catch on the rig and rip off with a terrifying screech . as he fender bounce down the highway , Clayton pull in front of bandit ii a split-second before a oncoming bus almost creams he . inside bandit ii cledus see the pass car be Texas heat and immediately flip over to the next odd channel and key up he cb . cledus ( into mike ) bandit I , do I have copy ? intercut - bandit I and ii bandit 's push the red line on he speedometer and gesture for kate to pick up the cb mike . kate ( into mike ) yeah , bandit ii , que pasa ? cledus ( into mike ) that 's a Texas bubble gum machine on you back porch . kate ( have no idea what he just say ) what 's he ... bandit grab the mike . bandit ( drive and talk ) uh , cledus ; I notice . he start to hang it up . cledus ( v.o. ) ( from cb ) what 's a Texas smokey do in Arkansas , man ? bandit ( yell into mike ) if I know , cledus ; I would be on College bowl . bandit slam down the mike and the accelerator . highway - day and the chase be on . High speed . Way over a hundred . two blur through the Arkansas countryside . inside clayton' car sheriff Clayton be on he police radio . clayton ( into mike ) this be sheriff Clayton . in pursuit of a black Shelby cobra , Georgia license Boy -adam - nora . Ocean - nora - Eddie . request assistance . CUT to : two arkansas sheriff' car blast off down the highway in response . light twirling . siren wail . inside the lead car - moving sheriff willy branford be riding shotgun . he 's fat and arrogant . he chew bubble gum as he talk on the radio mike . a deputy be drive . he 's twenty - five , wear long sideburn and mirrore sunglass . branford ( into mike ) this be sheriff Branford of crossett County . we be already on this joker 's case . ( he pop a bubble ) I get two unit intercept he at Hamburg crossing . you say you be a sheriff ? intercut - sheriff clayton and branford Clayton have trouble steering and talk . clayton ( into mike ) that 's a big ten-four . sheriff buell Clayton . Texas . branford ( stunne , into mike ) Texas ? what the hell you do in my goddam county ?!? at that instant , Clayton hit a rut in the road and drop he mike . he bend to pick it up and the car slide off the shoulder . before he can regain control , Clayton 's head straight for : a abandoned fruit and vegetable stand Clayton 's car crash through the stand -- flatten it . running angle he blast out on the other side , now sport one bust headlight and a dent grill . somehow he manage to make it back to the road , lose a hubcap on the way . branford ( over cb ) I say ... clayton ( pick up mike off floor ) I hear what you say . and I say ... branford ( cut he cold ) I do not care what you say . you be from Texas and what you say do not mean jack diddly here in Arkansas ! Clayton slam down the mike . arkansas highway - day - high shot bandit I whip around a treacherous bend in the highway , leave sheriff Clayton in the distance . inside sheriff branford car the Arkansas sheriff be mad . he spit he gum out the window -- but it 's close . the gum fall back in he lap . he look at it , then pop it back in he mouth again and turn to he deputy . branford what the hell you look at ? before the deputy can answer , Clayton 's voice be back . clayton ( v.o. ) ( radio ) this be sheriff Clayton again . I lose the cobra , but he 's deadhead toward you do damn near 140 . if I be you I would set up a roadblock . branford ( grab mike ) -- and if I be you , I would not be tell I what to do ! now take a hike , buster !!! ( he angrily hang up the mike and turn to he deputy ) block the road . highway - day - high shot the two Arkansas sheriff 's car slow down and form a roadblock . Branford and he deputy climb out of the car . Branford spit out he gum , as two other deputy climb out of the second car . the four officer move behind they car . to wait . a speedometer the needle press 120 . ease back and we be : inside bandit I - moving as bandit turn to kate , who 's look out the rear window . bandit well ? kate we lose he . bandit sigh relief , then : a voice ( from cb ) bandit do you read I ? bandit ( pick up mike ) this be bandit , you be come in long and strong . voice ( from cb ) my handle 's Silver tongue Devil and I be here to tell you , you fellow cb 'er be mighty proud of y'all . bandit thanks much , Silver tongue Devil . silver tongued devil ( from cb ) but I get a bad bear story . bandit and kate look at each other . silver tongued devil I just roll past a county mounty roadblock down on eighty - two . bandit ( into mike ) thanks Silver tongue Devil , we will avoid . silver tongued devil ( from cb ) keep the wheel spin and the beaver grin . bandit ( into mike ) adios . he hang up the mike . kate ( refer to Silver tongue Devil ) classy guy . bandit grin and take a curve at 90 . then they both look up . what they see the roadblock . no way around it . back to scene bandit look ahead down both side of the highway . thinks quick . highway - day - high shot as bandit I come roaring down the highway head directly for the roadblock . a farmhouse be off to the side , about a hundred yard before the roadblock . new angle bandit I swerve off the highway , throw itself into a broadside . the car lurch onto the farmhouse driveway and barrel across the front yard . it snap a clothesline full of clothes , send bras , panty , shirt and sock fly in every direction . it then crash through a chicken yard and corral fence , send whatever animal be available -- fly toward freedom . racing angle as bandit I roar across a fruit orchard , weaving in and around row and row of tree , finally slamm onto a access road and back onto the highway -- way ahead of the roadblock ! branford and he men stand there like statue with they mouth hang open . a beat , then all four cop race toward they car , leap in and take off . inside bandit I - moving a rattle kate turn to bandit . she 's about to speak , but see he intense concentration and say nothing . there view - the highway up ahead . come straight at they , down the center of the road -- another Arkansas sheriff 's car . bandit Christ , it look like a smokey convention . back to scene bandit whip the wheel to the right and again , the cobra be airborne -- fly off the highway , careen down the shoulder , through a creek and up onto another dirt road . the sheriff' car spin around in the middle of the highway -- almost flipping over in the process -- straighten out and take off over the shoulder after bandit I . camera pan back to the highway . as sheriff Branford 's two patrol car come blast down the highway . they stop at the shoulder . a beat . then they take off over the shoulder in pursuit . camera pan back again . as sheriff Clayton 's Texas highway patrol car skid to a stop . inside clayton' car Clayton survey the situation . bandit I roaring along the dirt road -- the three Arkansas sheriff car on he tail . he make a decision . clayton ( mutter to himself ) we will meet again , bandit . and he floor it take off down the highway . CUT to : the dirt road - moving - high shot as the three Arkansas sheriff 's car race after bandit I . they be on a treacherously narrow road . on both side -- a long sheer drop -- to water . inside sheriff branford car his deputy be do at least 80 , as he pull within a few foot of the lead car . the deputy angrily honk he horn . deputy I be gonna pass this fruit ! branford just back off the hammer , boy . deputy but sir , he 's gonna get away . branford he be not gonna get nothin ' but a brief mention in the obituary column . the deputy turn to he , not understanding . branford ( with a smile ) the bridge up ahead be out . high shot - the narrow dirt road the four car kick up dust for mile . creek - day - full shot where the dirt road end . but the bridge that once cross the bank -- be go . a beat and bandit I come roaring straight toward the creek . inside bandit I bandit and kate see the creek . no bridge . end of the road . bandit barely have time to hit the brake , send the cobra into a wild fishtail . kate desperately brace herself , hang onto the dashboard . full shot as bandit wheel the cobra a full 360 ° and come to a halt . he look back . he view - down the road a half mile back , the Arkansas sheriff 's be come on fast . siren blast . the choice be simple . give up . or jump the creek . bandit ( turn to kate ) listen , we can either give up or ... kate hold the dashboard tighter and close she eye . kate just do it . the creek - day bandit slam the cobra into first and take off . gear grind . tire screech . inside bandit I the speedometer whizze past eighty . bandit hold the wheel tight . kate take a breath , then cross herself . racing angle as bandit I blast toward the embankment , hit the dirt incline and suddenly be airborne . full shot - the creek bandit I in mid-air . new angle as bandit I sail over camera and come crash down on the other side . they make it ! inside bandit I as bandit and kate catch they breath . bandit you honeymoon would have never be this exciting . kate I do not know . we be plan on see the astrodome . bandit grin and as they take off : camera pan back to the creek . as the first sheriff 's car come roaring toward the edge do at least 95 . he see the bridge be out , hit he brake , go broadside and fly over the side -- into the creek . a beat and sheriff Branford 's car come wail down the road . the deputy slam down he brake in the nick of time and the car skid halfway over the edge -- hang suspend in mid-air halfway over the creek . another angle as the third sheriff 's car come barrel down the road , spot Branford 's car hang over the edge and brake . but its rear end sling around , smash into the rear of Branford 's car , send it fly into the creek . a huge splash , then : CUT to : inside bandit I - moving as they roar off the dirt road , back onto the highway , bandit reach for the cb mike . bandit ( to himself ) Christ , what channel be we on ?... kate eleven . bandit look at kate as she reach under the seat for one of she errant cigarettes . then , he punch in eleven . bandit ( into mike ) bandit ii . bandit ii . give I a shout . intercut - bandit I and ii cledus grab the mike quickly . Fred have be gnaw on the corner of the front seat . cledus ( into mike ) I hope that 's you , buddy ; ' cause I would hate to start believe in ghost . bandit ( into mike ) what do the old timex say ? cledus ( into mike ) she 's lose minute so you better start run interference or we be never gonna make it . might I remind you this be you brainstorm . bandit ( into mike ) I will drop off my fare , hit a quick choke - and - puke and be block for you pronto . kate try not to react to this . cledus ( into mike ) bandit ? bandit ( into mike ) yeah , guy ? cledus ( into mike ) pick up a burger for Fred . he 's go crazy . ( slap Fred on the butt ) bandit put the mike back and turn to kate . feel he should say something . before he can : kate you hear the man . step on it . bandit study she for a moment , then stomp on it . CUT to : a truck stop cafe - a few minute later bandit I pull in between a row of eighteen - wheeler park in front of the cafe . a few trucker , brag about they rig , check out bandit and kate . they be especially take with kate 's wedding gown . she and bandit be oblivious to they . bandit ( turn to kate ) the bus will pick you up over there . ( a beat ) uh ... you get enough bread for a ticket ? kate enough to get to Jersey . I will walk the rest of the way . I have be sit a long time . ( a beat ) Nice meeting you . it 's be a trip . bandit ( it be nothing ) hey ... kate enjoy you kenworth . she offer she hand and they shake . then , bandit head toward the truck stop and kate to the bus stop . he turn and look back . she do not . CUT to : inside the truck stop about fifteen trucker inside . Buck owen play on the juke box . pinball machine go strong . bandit walk in and cross to the counter . a hot-look waitress with ratted hair and paint face stand in front of a blackboard where the menu of the day be write . she straighten herself and cross to bandit . waitress ( come on ) what 's you pleasure ? bandit ( quickly ) couple of cheeseburger , no condiment ... waitress no what ? bandit nothing on them and two cup of mud ; one while I be wait . bandit cross to a booth , as a couple of trucker enter and join another trucker sit in the booth next to bandit . trucker # 1 Jesus , Richmond ; you look like squirrel shit . trucker # 2 you wanna drive fourteen hundred mile for this cheap bastard ? I feel like leave my rig in the middle of the highway and tellin' they to kiss my antenna . trucker # 1 I know what you mean , good buddy . the waitress come over with bandit 's coffee . he pour in a ton of sugar and stir . as he take a sip , he hear : woman' voice ( o.s. ) hi. bandit whip around . what he sees kate . stand in front of he -- san wedding dress . she 's now wear tight jeans and a denim shirt with the bottom roll up and knotted above she midriff . she look foxier than ever . kate ( with a southern drawl ) the bus be not passin ' through this here part for a piece . ( slide into booth ) I know . you only have a second . closer angle as they sit across from each other . kate they would not take master charge so I trade in my gown . the waitress come by . waitress ( snippy ; to kate ) coffee ? kate please . bandit watch as she take a sip . kate Jesus !!! bandit trucker coffee . it 's three time stronger . good for a hundred mile . that , a coupla perk , and you can leap tall building in a single bound . waitress ( call o.s. ) order up ! bandit that 's I . he gulp down a half a cup of coffee and rise . bandit see ya , kate . kate ciao . track with bandit move quickly to the counter to pick up he order . behind he ; we notice one of the trucker from the next booth get up and cross to kate . bandit reach in he pocket to pay for the order : waitress ( seductive ) sure I can not interest you in anything else ? bandit ( smile ) another time . bandit pick up he order and turn toward the door . he see the trucker talk to kate . the trucker 's buddy have turn around in they booth and be all over she . bandit set the food down on the counter and cross to the booth . kate ( to trucker ) -- believe I , fella ; I would love to schmoo , but ... trucker # 1 do not be so conceit . you do not even know we . trucker # 2 ( a ugly dude ) to know we , be to love we . bandit step between they . bandit hey , how y'all doin ' ? trucker # 2 who want to know ? bandit listen , guy ; I be in a rush . otherwise I would arrange it so they have to carry you outta here in doggie bag . trucker # 1 you and what goddamn army ? the trucker all turn to bandit , ready to mop the floor with he . the restaurant be silent , except for Willie Nelson , now sing on the juke box . every eye be on they . a brawl look inevitable . kate ( worried ) bandit , please ... trucker # 2 ( totally surprised , almost yell ) bandit ?!? you be the bandit ? the fella be runnin ' the blue trooper rag ? bandit look around self - consciously . nod . trucker # 2 lemme shake you hand , boy ! you be my new goddamn idol . trucker # 1 ( slapping bandit on the back ) you be the rage of cb land . we be followin ' you for hour . trucker # 2 if we 'da know you be the bandit , we would not a never lipped off to you old lady . bandit well , she 's not exactly my ... trucker # 3 ( jump in ) lemme have you autograph , hoss ! everyone in the restaurant crowd around bandit and he start hurriedly signing autograph . kate I have do twenty - eight Broadway show and no one 's ever ask I for a autograph . then : bandit ( to the group , start off ) listen , guy , I gotta cover ground . I be due in Atlanta in less than ten hour . trucker # 1 good luck . trucker # 2 give we best to Jimmy Carter . kate slip out of the booth , as bandit cross back to the counter . angle - counter bandit grab he order and find the owner face he -- hold out bandit 's money . owner it 's on the house . bandit ( grin ) thanks . he turn to leave . owner Son ... bandit turn back . owner godspeed . bandit smile . then start out . he notice kate be go . shrug . head out the door . outside the truck stop - day bandit bolt out in time to see he cobra pull out , about to take off . new angle as bandit leap off the step and race toward the car , just as it peel out . he swing the passenger door open and be half in -- half out , as the cobra skid out the truck stop , over the curb and onto the highway . the door 's still wide open . bandit hang on . inside bandit I kate 's behind the wheel . she tromp on it and the car take off like grease lighten . bandit 's struggle to stay in the car . bandit ( hang on ) what the hell be you do ?!? kate ( gesture over she shoulder ) he 's after we again ! kate whip around a corner almost throw bandit onto the pavement . he grab she arm and manage to pull himself into the car and slam the door . he look back . he view - thru rear window sheriff Clayton 's Texas highway patrol car be after they again . sire blast . back to scene bandit turn to kate . bandit you know this guy , do not you ? kate ( drive hard , eye on the road ) I have never see he before in my life . I be just try to help you out . bandit by steal my car ? kate I would have come back for you . bandit ( not believe ) yeah . kate ( turn to he , dead serious ) yeah . she wrap a corner do 60 , hit the highway and put it to the floor . Clayton 's batter up car be still come on strong . inside the clayton be car - moving sheriff Clayton 's eye be glaze as he tear after bandit I . clayton ( to himself ) I be gonna get you , you dirty , stinking , rotten sumbitch . back to bandit kate at the wheel . kate look , the truth be , I do not want to be dumped at the truck stop . I want to go on with you . I need a excuse . bandit you could have ask . kate you might have say no . I have trouble handle rejection . the highway bandit I streak past , kate drive . a beat and a big rig , haul a crane come out of a side road . the truck move slowly down the highway -- a wide load . sheriff clayton' car roaring up . inside the car Clayton floor it and hunch low over the wheel as he pass the truck -- afraid the crane 's go to take off he head . full shot as sheriff Clayton 's car zoom under the crane , clear it by a hair . but the crane rip off Clayton 's light and siren . leave only wire and a gape hole in the roof of the car . arkansas highway - day bandit I streaking . kate take a dangerous curve do 85 . bandit gasp , but kate hold she own . bandit where do you learn how to drive like this ? kate like what ? he smile . kate my first father be a redneck . he teach I how to drive fast and pants people . bandit pick up the cb mike , flick the crystal selector two stop . bandit ( into mike ) breaker , this be bandit I , how be you vocal cord ? intercut - bandit I and ii cledus take he mike . Fred be on all four in the now chew - up front seat . bounce around . cledus ( into mike ) my vocal cord be fine , but Fred 's be not . he 's be bark , eat the seat and drive I cracker . ( Fred bark ) hear that ? where 's he chow ? bandit ( into mike ) on its way . give I a coupla minute , okay ? cledus ( into mike ) do I have a choice ? bandit ( into mike ) what 's you twenty ? cledus ( into mike ) ' Bout fourteen mile this side of Mississippi . cledus ' view up ahead -- a Arkansas highway patrol car be park off to the side , hide by a clump of magnolia tree . back to scene cledus bring it down to 55 and roll past two officer stand next to they car , hold a radar gun . cledus ( into mike ) I just pass two kojack with a kodak . ( then ) man , this highway 's crawl with bear . ai not no way we gonna make Atlanta on time without you runnin ' blocker . bandit look back over he shoulder . then : bandit ( into mike ) I be still try to ditch this Texas smokey . I do not know what the sucker want . cledus ( into mike ) what they all want -- to handcuff a hero . bandit ( into mike ) as far as John Law know , I be just a joy ridin ' Georgia redneck . we keep them outta you backyard , we be cool . ( look back again ) now just give I five to ditch this idiot and I will meet you in ole miss . cledus ( into mike ) if you do not , we can kiss that kenworth good - bye . bandit replace the mike , glance up to the rear view . he view - through rear view mirror sheriff Clayton -- gain ground . back to scene they be speed around curve now , kate do she best to control the cobra . she take a corner too fast and too wide . bandit I drift into the oncoming lane and suddenly they be stare at : a camper come straight at they . a mother , Father and two Children all riding in the front seat . full shot kate swerve back into she lane , avoid a head - on by less than a split second . bandit I think we should switch seat . he put he hand on the steering wheel and he foot on the accelerator , but he and kate get tangle up try to make the switch . the car go out of control -- smashes into a guard railing and bounce back onto the highway . they try to switch again . impossible . bandit ( fasten seat belt ) you go ahead . this seat 's more comfortable . the highway - day - high shot bandit I streaking , follow in the distance by the Texas highway patrol car . come down the highway , from the opposite direction -- be a long , long , long funeral procession . suddenly , bandit I swerve to the right and start across the highway . bandit ( v.o. ) Mississippi 's the other way ! kate ( v.o. ) you want to lose this putz or not ?!? with that , bandit I zip between two limo head the funeral procession , cross the highway , sail over the embankment and swerve onto a bumpy dirt path . camera whip back to sheriff Clayton 's car -- roaring straight at we . inside clayton' car sheriff Clayton spot bandit I across the highway , fly down the bumpy dirt path . he hit he brake and the car screech to a halt . angle - clayton force to sit and wait , as the funeral procession pass slowly by . he 's livid . lay on the horn . the highway - day as the vehicle in the pass lane be all force to come to a halt to avoid crash into Clayton -- who sit in the middle of the highway wait for the endless funeral procession to pass . horn honk . people yell . Clayton wait . the bumpy dirt path bandit I bounce along , past row and row of tall magnolia tree . inside bandit kate and bandit bounce from seat to ceiling . kate ( motor-m-mouth ) -- you know , I use to be a high fashion model . try it for six month and almost freak . makeup , silly clothes , a little man say ' darling ' every two second ... bandit yeah , it 's tough when you cheek - bone be you main asset . kate ( nod , then see something o.s. ) uh-oh . what she sees up ahead . the path end . there 's a incline and past that a long low fence . there 's no way around or past it . back to scene kate and bandit look back . the funeral procession have almost pass . Clayton 's be wait . gunning he engine . he be not give up . bandit I think you would better let I ... before bandit can finish , kate trounce on it , drive straight toward the fence . racing angle as bandit I blast toward the incline , hit it do 70 and sail over the fence . the other side of the fence we hear the crack of a baseball bat and a CENTER fielder , in full uniform , take off after a long fly ball . he stop in he track at what he see . reverse angle as bandit I fly over the fence and land in the middle of a minor league baseball game . the Center fielder be absolutely flabbergasted , as kate straighten out the Shelby cobra and take off across the baseball field . she roar over second base and do a 360 ° fishtail in the middle of the pitcher mound . player scatter in every direction . new angle - moving as kate speed past the dugout and a cheering crowd , back to a access road . up ahead . the highway . and safety . inside bandit I kate look over to bandit , a huge grin on she face . kate Baseball need a little pizzazz . back on the highway the funeral procession finally pass and Clayton zoom across the highway and onto the bumpy dirt path . back on the dirt path sheriff Clayton 's car come to a slide halt in front of the fence . he look around for some sign of bandit i. nothing . they have vanish . clayton ( to himself ) this be beginning to piss I off . the path be far too narrow to turn around , so as he begin the arduous chore of drive in reverse down the long narrow path , knock off he remain hub cap on the way , we : CUT to : highway sign read welcome to Mississippi . a black streak whizze past . inside bandit I - moving kate still at the wheel . bandit on the cb . bandit ( into mike ) -- gimme a twenty , pardner . cledus ( v.o. ) ( from cb ) I be at marker eight - five . bandit ( into mike ) son-of -a-gun . I too . bandit ii move along the highway . cledus look out the sideview window of the big eighteen - wheeler . he view - through sideview mirror bandit I come up to he back door . back to scene as cledus signal with he arm and pull the , rig off to the side of the road . the door open and cledus climb down the metal step of the truck , follow by Fred . they both take a long , healthy stretch , as bandit I pull to a stop behind they . new angle bandit and kate get out of the cobra . cledus be surprised to see she . she immediately cross to he and offer she hand . kate I be kate . you must be cledus . cledus ( shaking hand , awkwardly ) yes , mar 'am . kate how 's you twenty ? cledus do not get it . bandit laugh , unwrap the hamburger . bandit here you go , pal . he hold the hamburger out for the dog , who wolf it down in one bite , then go off to relieve himself . cledus take bandit by the arm and pull he aside . cledus I think you be dump the chick at the truck stop . bandit I run into complication . cledus I hate to say it ... bandit then do not . cledus ( roll on ) -- but everytime we have ever mess up , it 's because you rhyme 's over - ruling you reason . I know you think you be God 's gift to waitress , but ... bandit ( interupt ) just do not worry about it . ( then ) how we doin ' timewise ? cledus not good enough to be stand here shoot the bull . bandit ( turn to leave ) we be go . cledus bandit ? bandit turn to he . cledus ( refer to kate ) Nice ass . bandit grin , move to the car . bandit ( whistle to kate ) let 's hit it . kate ( crossing to bandit I ) Nice meeting you , cledus . keep on truckin' . cledus smile , as bandit and kate climb into the cobra . bandit start the engine and they be off . cledus pull a crowbar out of the rig and begin hit all he tire . check they out . as he do this : cledus ( call ) let 's roll , Fred . cledus finish the tire , but Fred be not move . cledus c'mon , Fred . nothing . the dog stare at he . cledus take a step forward . Fred take a step backward . cledus take two step forward . and Fred take off . running through the wood . cledus ( run after he ) Fred !!!!!! CUT to : inside bandit I roll . they be silent for a long time . then : kate you plan on drive truck all you life ? bandit no , actually I be think of become a brain surgeon . she laugh , as we : CUT back to : cledus chasing fred through the wood . as he 's about to nab he , the Dog cut right and cledus sprawl leave . CUT back to : inside bandit I kate and bandit . talk . more relaxed . bandit -- truck be not the easiest life in the world . I mean , you can not make it much past fifty and you sure as shit do not get a gold watch when you hang it all up . but I like keep on the move . you know ? kate do I know ? I be a authority on it . bandit I guess if there 's one lesson I have learn , it 's that even misery have a tough time hit a move target . ( then , realize ) I forget you question ? kate you plan on drive truck all you life ? bandit ( shrug ) I ... uh ... I do not know . I guess do not like to think about it . kate then let 's change the subject . ( a beat ) what do you think about force school bus ? and : CUT back to : cledus racing after fred gain ground . a fly tackle . and he snare he . cledus be out of breath and piss . Fred lick he face . CUT back to : inside bandit I bandit spot a green sedan with a radio-mike antenna come in the other direction . he back off the accelerator . kate you foot fall asleep ? bandit shake he head , reach for the cb . bandit ( into mike ) bandit two , smokey in a plain brown wrapper come you way . over . no answer from cledus . kate have no idea what bandit 's just say . bandit ( explain to kate ) a unmark police car . kate how do you know ? bandit I know . ( into mike ) bandit two , bring yourself on in . still no answer . bandit ( into mike ) what 's the matter , cledus ? you get mike fright ? ( a beat , then ) bandit two , do you copy ? intercut - bandit I and ii cledus , exhaust and sweaty , toss Fred into the eighteen - wheeler and lunge for the cb mike . cledus ( into mike ) yeah , yeah , yeah ? what 's up ? bandit glance up in the rear view mirror , see the smokey in a plain wrapper take a off ramp . harmless . bandit ( into mike ) never mind . it 's nothing . cledus ( into mike ) anything else you do not want I to know ? bandit ( into mike ) nope . just keep that wheel churn . cledus hang up the mike , start he rig , check for oncoming and pull onto the highway . Fred 's head stick out the window , he ear flap in the wind . dissolve to : the highway - day - aerial shot bandit I and bandit ii whizzing down the highway . pick up time . over this , kate sing " jolene " along with dolly parton on the radio . dissolve to : inside bandit I - later bandit notice a break - down ford with its hood up , park off the highway . he veer the cobra off the road , quickly open the glove compartment , take out two screwdriver and hand one to kate . she stop sing . bandit ( explain ) I be sure the Arkansas bear put out a all -point . kate ( open door ) you take the front , I will take the back . quick CUT to : a MISSISSIPPI license plate fill the screen . then the screeching of burn rubber and bandit I pull away from camera -- now wear the Mississippi plate . and we : dissolve thru to : a series of lap dissolves bandit I run blocker for bandit ii . hauling ass . over this : a police call ( thick Mississippi drawl ) all unit , be on the look out for a black 1976 Shelby cobra , Georgia license ... and as the voice fade , we : dissolve to : MISSISSIPPI highway - day later . bandit I and ii . Rolling . over : bandit ( v.o. ) bandit two , I gotta make a quick pit stop . cledus ( v.o. ) now what ? bandit ( v.o. ) we be outta motion lotion . cledus ( v.o. ) I will keep streaking . pick I up . bandit I take a off ramp , as bandit ii continue sailing down the highway . union 76 station off the main highway . bandit I pull up to one of several island in the large station . truck be gassing up at various pump . bandit I kate climb out . kate save my seat . she start toward the lady room as a young black attendant strut up to bandit I . attendant say , cobra : what 's you pleasure ? bandit fill it . attendant check the hood , my man ? bandit shake he head " no . " attendant aw right . this be a clean machine . yeah , I be think ' bout get I one of this myself . but I figure I be conspicuous enough to the police as it be , so why encourage they more , if you know what I mean . bandit yeah , I know what you mean . the attendant start pump Supreme . bandit lean back in the seat . close he eye . suddenly , from he cb . a voice ( over cb ) bandit , do you read I ? over . bandit snap he eye open . who the hell be this ? he grab he mike . bandit ( into mike ) this be bandit . who we get on that end ? intercut - sheriff clayton - tight the Texas sheriff look tired -- obsessed . clayton ( into mike ) just the man who 's gonna see you drive to you knee ! sheriff buell Clayton from Texas . bandit ( into mike ) not that I do not have any respect for the law , but what 's you problem , man ? clayton ( into mike ) you . bandit ( into mike ) yeah , well I kinda figure that . clayton ( into mike ) you know , you may think you be gonna get away , but I promise you , everytime you turn around , I will be there , breathe down you neck . bandit ( into mike ) well , if you breath be as sweet as you personality , I get a lot to look forward to . adios . bandit hang up the mike , as kate come back sip a orange soda . she hop into the front seat , as the attendant strut back over . new angle as camera begin to slowly pull away from bandit I . attendant ( to bandit ) that will be eight - seventy two . bandit hand he a bill . attendant -- outta ten . camera have now pulled back enough to see : sheriff clayton' car park on the other side of the gas station . the car 's front end have be lift high into the air by a hydraulic jack and another attendant be change a tire and replace a break headlight . Clayton sit in the batter sheriff 's car , have no idea bandit I be in the very same station . full shot - the gas station as bandit get he change from the attendant . attendant ( to bandit ) have a smooth one , cobra . bandit nod , throw the cobra into gear , take off . running angle as bandit I sail right past the Texas sheriff 's car . close - clayton his head whip around , when he see bandit I roar out of the station back back onto the highway . he 's absolutely stunne . back to scene Clayton start he engine and stomp on it ... totally forget he front end be up on jack . Clayton 's car take off on its rear wheel , sail halfway across the gas station , and slam head - on into a brand new continental . as the Continental sail across the island : close - on clayton watch in horror . then , try to compose himself . clayton ( mutter to himself ) it 's all right . it 's not you car . you be do fine . just keep go . CUT to : MISSISSIPPI highway - day bandit I roar back onto blacktop . Hammer down . bandit ( v.o . ) -- look like a clear shot to the ' bama State line . cledus ( v.o. ) I will believe it when I see it . CUT to : a aerial view of a long expanse of Mississippi highway . bandit I gain ground and finally roaring past bandit ii . running blocker . over this : voice ( over cb ) breaker . breaker . bandit ( v.o. ) pick it up , breaker . voice thanks for the break . bandit , this here 's the Dixie Chicken . bandit ( v.o. ) what 's up , Dixie Chicken ? kate ( v.o. ) ask if he deliver ?... dixie chicken ( v.o. ) be hearin ' all ' bout y'all and want to let y'all know , y'all get the Mississippi bear eatin ' they badge . they can not find hide nor hair of y'all . as bandit I disappear around a bend in the highway , with bandit ii follow in the distance , we : CUT to : another section of the MISSISSIPPI highway - day close to the Alabama State line . hilly . empty . suddenly , from over the top of a hill , come bandit I . as it race toward camera . sheriff clayton ( v.o . ) -- this be sheriff buell Clayton , Texas highway patrol . that cobra y'all be lookin ' for with Georgia plate , be not get no more Georgia plate . she 's now run with Mississippi tag . Charles . alan. Richard . two. Seven . Three . vehicle now southbound on interstate 82 . head for Alabama . MISSISSIPPI cop' voice ( thick drawl ) -- that 's a big ten-four , Texas . now , we gonna nail that joy ridin ' sumbitch . inside bandit I - a few minute later kate find another stray cigarette under the seat and light it , as they speed toward the Alabama State line . bandit I be proud of you . kate yeah ? bandit you only smoke three cigarettes through the entire state of Mississippi . then , something grab they o.s. what they see Three MISSISSIPPI highway patrol car . light swirl . form in a solid roadblock . wait for bandit . bandit good-by be always tough . he immediately swerve the wheel to the right and make a slide turn off the highway . high shot the countryside . as bandit I blast across a grassy knoll and head toward a steep hill . angle - the highway patrol car as they take off after bandit i. siren scream . running angle - bandit bandit slam the cobra into first and start up the steep grassy hill . there 's no path . no road . he 's get to make he own . full shot bandit I and the Three Mississippi highway patrol car roar up the steep hill . climb . Higher . Higher . the top of the hill bandit I roll over the top . inside bandit as bandit and kate look over the other side . almost straight down . treacherous . they look back . there view the Three Mississippi highway patrol car come on strong . back to scene bandit trounce on it and the cobra sail over the top and start down the incline . inside bandit I - bandit and kate view of the roller coaster ride down . bandit and kate 's stomach drop to they toe . full shot as the first highway patrol car reach the top -- and without brake -- blast over , sailing straight into the air . new angle the highway patrol car crash down on its two front wheel . flip . and roll end -over - end down the steep incline . crash into a tree , halfway down . the top of the hill as the second Mississippi highway patrol car almost make it to the top , its wheel start spin in the thick grass . the Driver lose it -- and suddenly , the car start roll backward , down the steep hill . out of control . the third highway patrol car whip around the second , as it roll right past he -- do 60 per in reverse . the third car make it to the top of the incline . wait . look down . he view the steep incline . the first highway patrol car halfway down -- on its back . out of it . and bandit i. Roaring down the hill . toward freedom . back to scene as the third highway patrol car make a decision , fly over the top . and start tear after bandit . racing angle as bandit I reach the bottom of the hill , make a slide turn onto a rocky road run alongside a stream . as he roar down the road , the lone Mississippi highway patrol car reach the bottom of the hill , slide onto the road and take off in hot pursuit . on the road bandit I scream down the road , the Mississippi highway patrol car on top of he . voice from MISSISSIPPI hpc ( over loudspeaker ) pull over , bandit . this road 's a dead end . it 's all over for you , boy ! inside bandit bandit look up ahead . the son-of - a-bitch be right . Dead end . full shot as bandit immediately wheel the cobra over the embankment , down the other side , into the stream . he punch it and as water cover the cobra , bandit roar through the stream , swerving the wheel to the right , stay on rock . new angle the highway patrol car come reeling over the embankment and splashes into the stream . it take off after bandit I , hit a rock , go broadside and slide into deep water . stuck . the highway patrol car Water rise to the car 's window , the officer watch helplessly , as bandit bump across the stream , over the shoulder , back onto the highway and into the state of Alabama . leave only thirty foot of rubber to remember he by . the highway - day - high shot as bandit I disappear into the Alabama mountain . a beat , and a big eighteen - wheeler roll across the state line . bandit ii . do a cool 55 . Georgia bound . dissolve to : the alabama mountain - day bandit I weave through the mountain . take turn fast . make time . pass sign that read : curve ahead , slippery when wet , slow , etc . bandit ii be keep pace . smokestack blast . CUT to : the alabama / MISSISSIPPI state line - day a tow truck be pull the Mississippi highway patrol car out of the drink , while a repair crew attempt to turn over the highway patrol car stick halfway up the hill . two additional tow truck stand by , wait to haul off the other patrol car . new angle sheriff Clayton 's car come drive up . its front end be now totalled and the front window be shattered . inside clayton' car sheriff Clayton see the commotion , pull he car across the highway and park . he climb out , leave the front door open . clayton ( approach tow truck Driver ) what happen ? tow truck driver bandit . Clayton look out over the mess . wince . suddenly , a giant eighteen - wheeler , haul a wide load of lumber come barrel down the highway . Clayton 's door be still stand open and the eighteen - wheeler rip the " Texas sheriff 's " door right off its hinge , send it soar thirty foot into the air . inside the eighteen-wheeler a trucker with a flattop grin to himself . cops. fuck them . CUT to : bandit I - moving - day take the curve . holding the shoulder . kate be lie back in the seat with she eye close . from the radio , Charlie Rich sing , " behind close Doors . " bandit drive . hum along . rain drop begin hit the windshield . bandit flip on the wiper and reach for he cb . turn it two stop . now , the rain really come down . a Alabama thundershower . bandit ( into mike ) bandit two , come on . intercut - bandit I and ii Fred sleep with he head on cledus ' lap . cledus pick up he cb . cledus ( into mike ) I be all ear , good buddy . bandit ( into mike ) you be gonna hit some heavy precipitation in about six minute . better let you flap down , this road be killer when they be damp . cledus ( into mike , check fuel gauge ) it should not last . give I time to take a go - go juice break . bandit ( into mike ) we will be wait . over . bandit hang up the mike and pull the cobra to a stop under a clump of tree . kate ( sit up ) be we in Atlanta already ? CUT to : bandit ii - moving - day cledus spot a truck stop up ahead and back off the hammer . truck stop - day as the eighteen - wheeler pull in front of a gasoline pump . cledus open the door , climb down the metal step and stretch he leg . he motion for the attendant to fill she up , then start toward the restaurant , pass a couple of rig and a long row of chrome chopper park in front . inside the truck stop four greasy wall . and that 's about it except for a old , beat - up pool table . cledus enter follow by Fred . as usual , the jukebox be play . this time , it 's " baby Boy " by Mary Kay place . about a dozen people sit around , seven of which be bad - look biker and they mama . cledus cross to the counter . he 's greet by the owner , a fat black man . there 's a cb on the counter . cledus gimme three sloppy joe and a coupla cup of hot stuff . owner ( take order ) you pass that funky cobra on the highway ? cledus uh-uh . what cobra ? owner some boy name bandit 's be givin ' the highway patrol shit fit . cledus oh , yeah . good for he . owner I do not know where he 's goin ' or what he 's doin ' , but I sure hope to God he make it . cledus grin , then cross to the pay phone . Fred tag along . CUT to : inside bandit I pull off the highway . rain glisten off the windshield . time stand still . bandit kate ... kate ummm ? bandit I be think . maybe I should drop you in Montgomery . I mean , the way thing be go , it might get pretty hairy by the time we get to Atlanta . kate forget it . this be one of the longest relationship I have ever have . I be not blow it now . he grin . from the radio : disc jockey ( from radio ) I be gonna dedicate this next one to a man out there who 's capture the heart of we all . hey , bandit ; take care of yourself and you woman . hear ? it 's raining out and the red- headed Stranger 's sing this one especially for you . and from the radio , Willie Nelson sing , " Blue eye crying in the rain . " bandit and kate look at each other for a long moment ... CUT to : inside the truck stop cledus be talk on the phone , Fred wait nearby . a biker wait to use the phone . cledus ( into phone ) hey , pumpkin pie , how you doin ' ? I should be home real soon . yeah , Fred 's fine . still po 'ed ? see , time heal all wound . anyway , just want to check in . okay , sweetie . you too . bye-bye . cledus hang up . biker hey , man ; this you goddam mutt ? cledus nod . biker he just bit I . cledus Fred ? c'mon , man ; he do not bite . cledus begin walk back toward the counter . biker I say the mother bit I . cledus he could n'ta bit you . he 's get better taste than that . laughter o.s. suddenly , the biker try kick Fred . Fred leap back . baring he tooth . scare . cledus hey , back off , huh !?! biker animal like this should be put to sleep . another biker yeah , let 's put the poor little sumbitch outta he misery . the other biker chime in they approval , as the first biker take a pool cue off the wall rack and start toward Fred . cledus ( angry ) hey , pal ; I tell you . cut that shit out . but the biker be not listen . he start to swing the cue at Fred , but cledus whirl and slam he fist into the biker 's pock - mark face blow he into the jukebox . the record skip and jump to merle haggard 's " live version " of " okie from Muskogee . " loud . instantly , the other biker be on they foot . a trucker stand to help cledus and be immediately cold - cocked . moving angle - hand held cledus see he 's in the middle of a powder keg -- with no way out . he back up toward the pool table , grab a cue . owner ( yell ) hey , c'mon fella ... cledus swing the pool cue . the biker split up . move around he . he can not watch they all . then like clockwork , they all rush he . Three from the front , two from the side , one over the top of the pool table . cledus nail one of they with a pool cue to the nut . the biker scream and double over . a biker fly over the pool table and crash into cledus from behind -- knock the pool cue away . another biker rush in , but get cledus ' frye Boot in the gut for he trouble . but then the other two nail cledus from each side and it 's over . they have get he . cledus try to shake himself loose , but the first biker , pick himself up from the jukebox , stroll over and let he have it twice in the groin . cledus double over . onto the ground . another angle as the three biker pick cledus up and toss he into the air , over to the other three biker . they catch he and toss he back again . a beat , then they run toward the window , still carry cledus . they swing he back and forth . one. two . Three . then , they toss he out the window . outside the truck stop - day Glass shatter , as cledus come fly through the window , landing face down in the gravel . with a thud . wait . and Fred be toss out after he . closer angle cledus slowly pull himself up , try to hold back he anger and humiliation . he begin walk . Fred follow . camera stay : close - on cledus - tracking as he start toward bandit ii . he pass something off-screen . the trace of a smile cross he face . he keep walk . from o.s. attendant ( o.s. ) that 's seventy - three eighty - four . we stay close on cledus , as he reach into he pocket and hand the attendant some bill off - camera . do not break stride . we be still close . track . a few more step and a bag enter frame . cledus take it . owner ( o.s. ) pay I next time through , son . cledus nod , take the bag . keeps walk . up to the truck . climb the step . angle - thru windshield - tight cledus settles into the truck . Fred climb over he , into the shotgun position . hold on cledus , as he fire up the big eighteen - wheeler . he glance again at something off-screen . and he smile become a little wider . angle - the gearshift cledus ' glove hand jam the big rig into gear . the truck leap forward . and now : full shot of the eighteen - wheeler , as it roar toward the long line of chrome chopper -- knock they to the ground and roll right over they . crunch !!!! new angle watch bandit ii , as it keep on roll . out of the parking lot and back onto the highway . leave behind : the chopper complete wreck . chrome . mirror . fender . tire . all crush and mutilate . this bike will never ride again . CUT to : the highway bandit ii , roll . over : cledus ( v.o. ) bandit I , bring yourself in . inside bandit bandit and kate kissing . the first time . tenderly . the rain have turn to a light drizzle . cledus ( from cb ) bandit I , do you copy ? bandit and kate break the kiss . look at each other . bandit reach for the mike . bandit ( into mike ) we be listen , bandit ii . back . intercut - bandit I and ii cledus feel better . he 's eat a sloppy joe with one hand and drive with the other . the two cup of coffee be rest in coffee holder , attach to the dash . cledus ( into mike ) ran into a little hassle at the eatum - up -stop . bandit ( into mike ) you okay ? cledus ( into mike ) just fine . what 's the weather like ? bandit ( into mike ) God 's back on we side , so let 's get smokin ' . cledus ( into mike ) Roger . keep the shiny side up and the greasy side down . ( then ) right , Fred ? Fred bark . cledus drive on , more determine than ever . inside bandit bandit fire up the cobra . kate how ' bout one more for the road ? bandit turn to she and they kiss again . and we : dissolve to : the alabama mountain - day the road be slick , but bandit I and ii take they hard and fast . over : bandit ( over cb ) -- how we do ? cledus ( over cb ) it 's gonna be close . Real close . dissolve to : alabama highway - day as bandit I and ii come roll down the mountain . onto the main highway . over this from the radio , Doug kershaw play a mean fiddle . dissolve to : inside bandit I - moving a little later . bandit and kate talk . kate ( more relaxed ) -- actually , my heaviest relationship be with a rock singer name ramblin ' Bobby Holt . when I turn twenty - one , I go to Europe with vision of be free and independent . my luck , he be on the plane . I land in Paris and fall in love before I could claim my baggage . ( a beat ) we be together for almost a year . I think he be it . bandit and ? kate he be not . one day I come home and find he take a shower -- with another girl . and she sister . bandit whistle . kate my very word . bandit well , that 's what you get for fall in love with a guy who 's first name be ramblin ' . kate laugh , then : dissolve to : alabama highway - later bandit I roar up behind a long line of car and camper , crawl along at the prescribe 65 . inside bandit bandit look ahead . try to figure something out . kate they should arrest people for obey the speed limit . bandit ( pick up cb mike ) bandit ii ? cledus ( v.o. ) talk to I . bandit ( into mike ) we be gonna have to do a little tightrope act . cledus ( v.o. ) let 's boogie . highway - day bandit pull into the oncoming lane and roar past half a dozen car and camper , before slide back in . a beat and he 's off again . bandit I - moving as bandit I pull out , the vw in front of he pull out too , force bandit I to swerve around he and onto the shoulder . bandit floor it , roar along the shoulder and around the vw . bandit I continue pass car , until he 's force back into the correct lane by a oncoming yellow school bus . inside bandit bandit flick the cb selector over two channel . bandit all right , kate . you clock it and let cledus know when this school bus go through . kate fire up the mike . the school bus come closer . kate ( into mike ) bandit two , you read I ? cledus ( over cb ) you be soundin ' real bodacious . back . the school bus pass . kate ( into mike ) a yellow school bus just fly past we . I will count up to close time -- start ... now. 27 , 28 , 29 , 30 , 31 ... kate keep she eye on the road ahead . the highway bandit I roll down the highway . kate count over : kate ( v.o. ) ...40 , 41 , 42 , 43 , 44 ... inside bandit I - kate view as she continue count . kate ...45 , 46 , 47 ... a black porsche round the curve in the oncoming lane . inside bandit ii - moving cledus speed down the oncoming lane . both hand grip the wheel . kate ( over cb ) ...48 ... 49 ... here come a black porsche . pull in . cledus look for a place to squeeze in . the traffic be bumper - to-bumper . he stomp on it . highway - day bandit ii racing down the oncoming lane look for a open . and here come the black porsche . straight at he . finally , cledus spot a open and wheel the big rig in -- a instant before the black porsche whizze by . inside bandit ii cledus sigh relief . then : kate ( over cb ) here we go again , bandit ii . cledus put the hammer to the floor . highway - day as the big eighteen - wheeler pull back into the oncoming lane and take off . camera ease back to : a aerial view of the Alabama highway . bumper- to- bumper traffic in one lane . bandit I follow in the distance by bandit ii blast down the oncoming lane do at least 100 mph . again Doug kershaw play over ... dissolve to : sheriff clayton be car - moving - day now almost a complete wreck . the inside of the car be soaking wet , as be the Texas sheriff . no time to get a new front door . Clayton be have trouble see through the shattered windshield and run right over a boulder that 's fall onto the highway ... leave he complete exhaust system lay in the middle of the highway . and now , the roar from he engine be deafen . new angle as the batter - up Texas sheriff 's car come wail through the mountain and descend to meet : the traffic jam back up for mile . Clayton pull up behind the endless line of car and camper bandit I and bandit ii long ago pass . clayton ( lean on horn ) goddammit . I be in a goddam hurry , goddammit !!! Clayton continue slamm down on he horn , but no one budge . resigned , he remove he hand from the horn . but the horn keep blaring . stuck . as the car horn and engine continue blast , we : CUT to : alabama highway - afternoon bandit I and ii move down the bullet lane . deadhead home . over : kate ( v.o . ) -- it 's hard to believe this schmuck Kyle would go to such length for coor beer . bandit ( v.o. ) it 's not the beer . he just want to see I fail . kate ( v.o. ) what kind of a guy be he ? bandit ( v.o. ) the minute you see he , you will know . Doug kershaw play again , and we : dissolve to : inside bandit I bandit pick up the cb mike . bandit ( into mike ) this be bandit . I be about twenty - five mile outside of Georgia . head in on eighty -five and look for a smokey report . woman' voice ( from cb ) this be first Madame , bandit . intercut - inside a mobile home tacky . color candle and incense burn . stain glass contact paper over the window . sitting at a bar in the front of the trailer , sip Old grandad , be first madame . platinum hair and a see-through negligee . she 's talk into a cb mike . behind she , in silhouette , another woman in a negligee be undress two men in uniform . as she remove they hat , tie , belt , shirt ... first madame ( into mike ) we know you would be come we way and decide to take care of the bear for you . you know , a little personalize roadside service . the highway ( dialogue overlap ) a pink mobile home sit back from the highway , sport a very long cb antenna . two sign rest in the front window : " trucker only " and " Love Gas for sale . " park in front of the trailer , be two alabama state trooper car . as bandit I whip past : bandit ( v.o. ) send I the bill , first Madame . first madame ( v.o. ) better yet . why do not you pay up in person ? bandit ( v.o. ) maybe I will catch you on the flip - flop . over and out . inside bandit I kate turn to he . shake she head . bandit believe I , she 's get a heart of gold . CUT to : a highway sign read : Georgia -- 20 mile . a blur pass camera . bandit I . then a much longer blur . bandit ii . inside bandit I - moving - late afternoon kate and bandit . kate what be you gonna do when you get home ? bandit sleep for a week . ( then ) wanna join I ? a beat , she lean across the seat and kiss he . passionately . he go with it . the highway - high shot - afternoon as they kiss , the cobra veer off the highway -- out of control . it swerve back onto the highway , across the oncoming lane , then back toward the shoulder . as bandit I weave wildly down the highway , it pass : a alabama state trooper' car the two troopers inside exchange a quick look , hit they siren and take off . inside bandit I kate and bandit break the kiss when they hear the siren . bandit glance up in the rear view mirror . bandit thanks , kate . she punch he on the shoulder . the highway - afternoon the Alabama State trooper chase bandit I . inside bandit bandit spot a six truck convoy move up ahead . the rear truck be haul gasoline . there be several car between bandit and the convoy . bandit ( into mike ) breaker , breaker . this be bandit I , come up on a portable gas station . do you copy ? voice ( from cb ) bandit , this be mister B , and I be gearjamm this roll refinery . you get another smokey on the rubber ? bandit ( into mike ) what else ? ( then ) can you give I cover , mister B ? mister B ( from cb ) come head on , bandit . we will slip you into the rock chair . bandit look up in the rear view . he view - through rear view mirror the Alabama State trooper be weaving in and out of traffic -- after bandit . Blue light swirl . back to scene bandit floorboard it , pass three car and slide back into traffic , a instant before oncoming traffic whizze by . a beat and he 's back into the oncoming lane . pass another four car and head toward the six truck convoy . behind he the Alabama State trooper pass the first Three Cars and dart back into line , as bandit come back out . angle - the highway bandit I roar up to the convoy , the six truck break rank , leave a open in the middle . bandit I pass the first Three truck and slip into the convoy . the truck all close rank around bandit I . alabama state trooper be car - moving as it come up to the back door of the convoy . the trooper pass truck six and five , but truck four pull out of the convoy , as if to pass , just in front of the Alabama State trooper . the trooper 's car be force off the highway , onto the shoulder . he floor it , pass the convoy -- unaware that truck four have just hide bandit . as the trooper barrel down the highway , truck four pull back into the convoy . inside bandit I - moving bandit pull out of the convoy , pass the Three lead truck . bandit ( into mike ) mister B , I do not know how to thank you . mister B ( from cb ) thank I by not get catch . CUT to : inside bandit ii - moving - afternoon cledus have the hammer down . drink coffee . bandit ( from cb ) bandit ii ? cledus pick up he mike . cledus ( into mike ) I be all ear . bandit ( from cb ) you be about to hit a convoy . tighten up you rubber band . the oncoming 's clear . highway - afternoon as the big eighteen - wheeler take the oncoming lane and let she roll . as he roar past the convoy , he give a long blast on he horn to each of the truck as he pass . each truck respond with a blast . CUT to : the georgia state line - late afternoon the Alabama State trooper who chase bandit be park off the highway at the Alabama / Georgia State line . the trooper climb out of he car , to stretch he leg . he unhook he pistol , sit on the fender of he car . wait . a beat and he hear a horn honk way off in the distance . he look up to he leave . what he sees bandit I zoom across the state line on a high road , above the highway . a hand wave to the trooper from the cobra . back to scene the trooper be furious . but before he can do anything , he 's practically blow off he fender by a huge eighteen - wheeler blast across the state line . bandit ii . head home . dissolve to : georgia countryside - late afternoon bandit I roar through the lush Georgia mountain and head back toward two lane blacktop . he hit the highway , just ahead of bandit ii . and they be off . dissolve to : georgia expressway - late afternoon bandit I and bandit ii fly past a sign announce : the Peach Tree classic . cledus ( v.o. ) hot lanta , here we come ! and we : dissolve to : a georgia state weight station - late afternoon two georgia highway patrol car be park at the Weight Station . several truck move across the scale , down the ramp and back onto the highway . camera pan back to bandit I come down the highway toward the Weight Station . inside bandit bandit see the scale , slow and pull off to the side of the road . he let he motor idle , wait for cledus . kate why be you stop ? bandit Weight Station . he click over the crystal selector another two notches and key the mike . bandit ( into mike ) bandit ii ? cledus ( over cb ) I be here . bandit ( into mike ) you be come up to the scale house . cledus ( over cb ) I be cucumber cool . and bandit ii roll past they , head up the ramp toward the Weight Station . inside bandit ii cledus wait , as a eighteen - wheeler , haul mobile home , roll onto the scale . cledus glance over to the : the weight station shack - cledus ' view two weight station worker be inside . one be check the scale , the other be rapping with two georgia highway patrolmen . back to scene as the eighteen - wheeler be weigh . then : weight station worker ( over loudspeaker ) okay , you be clear to roll . the Driver move off the scale , back onto the highway . cledus ease bandit ii into first and move onto the scale . close - cledus wait . take off he glove . wipe he hand on he vest . a little nervous . he glance up at the Station house . he view the Weight Station Worker be talk to the Georgia heat . the Worker then move to the loudspeaker . weight station worker ( over loudspeaker ) pull 'er ahead and park . new angle as cledus lean across Fred and roll down the window . cledus ( yell through window ) what 's the problem ? the other worker start out of the shack , follow by one of the Georgia highway patrolmen . weight station worker ( over loudspeaker ) just pull it over , please . and have you manifest ready . cledus ( under he breath ) oh , Jesus ... cledus pull the big eighteen - wheeler off the scale and into the inspection area . the other Weight Station Worker and the Georgia cop approach the truck . cledus hand they he manifest . the Weight Station Worker check it out . the highway patrolman look over he shoulder . weight station worker paint , huh ? cledus yep . weight station worker paint be not usually pull independently . cledus hey , I be a truckin ' whore . they get the money , honey ; I get the time . the Weight Station Worker laugh . the highway patrolman do not . highway patrolman wanna open she up ? cledus c'mon fella , this paint 's due in Savannah yesterday . highway patrolman Word be some joker 's run blocker for a illegal load . we be just spot check . cledus notice the Weight Station Worker 's name tag . cledus c'mon , ebersol ... I have be through this chicken coop a hundred time ... but the Weight Station Worker and the Georgia highway patrolman have already start toward the rear of bandit ii . the Weight Station Worker jump up to unlatch bandit ii 's back door . highway patrolman ( to cledus ) we be just gonna take a quick peek - see . you will be outta here in no ... before he can finish he sentence , the sound of screeching tire whip he head around . new angle - what he sees bandit I lay rubber all the way up the ramp , head straight toward he . full shot the highway patrolman and the Weight Station Worker dive for cover , as bandit I blast past they , do at least 90 . bandit whip the wheel to the right and the Shelby cobra roar around the Weight Station shack on two wheel -- tire scream . the Weight Station Worker and Georgia highway patrolman rush back toward the shack , completely forget cledus . angle - bandit ii cledus casually ease the rig into first and roll out of the parking area , onto the highway . back to scene nobody notice cledus drive off , as bandit I continue scream around the Weight Station -- tire smoking . bandit I - racing angle bandit see cledus have safely return to the highway and whip around the Weight Station shack for the final time and hit the highway on ramp do 100 . angle - the weight station the two Georgia highway patrolmen race toward they car , leap and take off after bandit I -- light and siren blaring . the highway - late afternoon bandit I roar past bandit ii , the two highway patrol Cars in hot pursuit . inside the lead highway patrol car - moving - late afternoon the Georgia highway patrolman on the radio . highway patrolman ( into mike ) ... in high speed pursuit of a black Shelby cobra . Mississippi license Charles - alan-richard -- two -seven - three . vehicle eastbound on interstate seventy - two . request assistance . highway - high shot - late afternoon the two Georgia highway patrol car race past bandit ii . cledus give they a small wave . they do not notice . bandit I - moving - late afternoon as the cobra come racing up to the rear of a long line of slowmove traffic . bandit move out to pass and see : pickup truck come straight at he . bandit I swerve onto the shoulder . the pickup truck do the same . bandit I and the pickup truck bandit I swerve back onto the highway . so do the pickup . and it look like a head - on for sure . at the last instant , bandit swerve back onto the shoulder . the pickup rip past he and bandit manage to pull the cobra back onto the highway and into the free lane . new angle as the pickup truck now be face - to- face with the first Georgia highway patrol car . they jockey for position . the first highway patrol car swerve and pass the pickup , but the second one hit the shoulder barely avoid a head - on . angle - the second highway patrol car as it fly over the ditch and do a complete midair end - over - end flip -- landing in a ditch . out of the chase . the expressway overpass - late afternoon bandit I race toward the overpass , the Georgia highway patrol car three hundred yard behind . bandit I take the hairpin turn full out and go into a four wheel drift . bandit manage to maintain control and punch it in mid-slide , blast the cobra through the turn , onto the Expressway below . camera hold as the highway patrol car try the same feat , lose control and crash into the chain link divider . the expressway - from above bandit roar onto the Expressway , sailing right past a georgia state trooper' car , park on the shoulder , wait for speeder . the State trooper fire up he engine and with red light twirling and siren wail , pull out after bandit I . just as he do , the Georgia highway patrol car come racing by and they slam into each other -- knock both car twenty foot each way . both car straighten out and wait for the other to take the lead . the trooper start off . so do the highway patrol car . the trooper stop , so do the highway patrol car . this go on for several beat until they both start off at the same time -- and smash right into each other again . high shot - the expressway as bandit I race down the Expressway , the two Police car finally get it together and take off after he . inside bandit bandit weave in and out of traffic . glance out he side mirror . angle - through side mirror the Georgia highway patrol car and the Georgia State trooper racing down the Expressway , car pull onto the shoulder so they can pass . angle - expressway on ramp a large red sign read : wrong way - do not enter . bandit I blast by the sign and enter the on ramp . go the wrong way ! inside bandit bandit hugging the shoulder . kate hugging the seat . petrify . there view another highway patrol car be come down the ramp -- head straight for they . full shot the highway patrol car be not give ground , as bandit I roar toward he . kate oh , dear God in heaven ! the two car racing toward each other . neither give ground . a dead - on Chickie run . finally , at the last possible instant , the highway patrol car swerve to the right , crash through the guard railing and sailing into : midair the highway patrol car fly through the air and crash down on the back of a move flatbed tractor trailer . the flatbed truck just keep drive . not even notice . the expressway - racing angle - late afternoon bandit I , still go the wrong way . up ahead -- a Expressway full of car -- head straight for bandit I . bandit floorboard it , fly over the center divider and end up on the other side of the Expressway , just ahead of bandit ii . inside bandit I - moving - late afternoon as they race down the Expressway , fly past another billboard announce : the Peach Tree classic . bandit wipe he brow . bandit what will we do for excitement on we second date ? before she can answer , from the cb : cledus ( over cb ) bandit I , let I offer my heartiest congratulation and a piece of advice . bandit ( into mike ) what 's that , pardner ? cledus ( over cb ) do not take that foot off the hammer , ' cause you get wall - to - wall bear about to pour over you like maple syrup . bandit look up in he rear view mirror . what he sees behind he , five new georgia highway patrol car , come on strong . full shot - the expressway as the five highway patrol car hit they siren and wail past bandit ii , on they way after bandit I . bandit I quickly veer off the Expressway onto a crossing highway . the Police car all follow . and bandit ii , continue whipping down the Expressway . Atlanta bound . inside bandit I - moving as he flip the cb channel over to 19 . bandit ( to kate ) I think it 's time to call a mayday . ( into mike ) breaker . breaker . this be bandit to hot pant . come back . a beat . hot pant ( over cb ) why should I ? bandit ( into mike ) because I need you help , sweet thing . ( glance back , the five smokey gain ground ) and I need it bad . intercut - a drive -in restaurant a teenage hangout . really hopping . country and western music blaring from the radio of pickup truck , vw van , Sports Cars , etc , all park in front of the restaurant . almost every vehicle sport a cb antenna . camera find a beautiful waitress , hold a cb mike , stretch out of a customize model A. Inside the model a , the Driver be eat a hamburger . the beautiful waitress be hot pant . hot pant ( into mike ) I be work , bandit . besides , what 's the matter ? wo not you new girl friend help you ? bandit ( into mike ) hot pant , please . I be gonna be fly by in about five minute with smokey on my tail . can you lock it off behind I ? no answer . bandit ( into mike ) what do you want I to do , hot pant ? beg ? hot pant ( into mike ) yes . bandit ( into mike ) I be begging . hot pant ( into mike ) I want you to know I be do this against my better instinct . bandit ( into mike ) but you will do it ? hot pant ( into mike ) I will do it . bandit ( into mike ) I owe you a big one , hot pant . hot pant ( into mike , sexily ) you sure do . bandit hang up the mike and turn to kate . bandit ( before she can say anything ) yes , I actually date a woman who still wear hot pants . CUT to : the expressway - late afternoon bandit I whizze past camera . wait . then here come the highway patrol . they have pick up reinforcement . ten in all . CUT to : the highway - in front of the drive - in - late afternoon hot pant have gather all the car from the drive - in and line they up along both shoulder of the highway . some be face east . some west . the driver all wait in complete silence . finally , in the distance , the sound of siren . come closer . low angle - the highway as a speck rise over a hill and come barrel down the center divider , do at least 120 . a beat and a dozen more speck top the hill and roar down the highway in pursuit . the speck quickly take form . bandit I follow by a dozen Georgia highway patrol car . the vehicle park along the shoulder all fire up they engine on cue . and wait . new angle bandit I roar past the car park along the shoulder . the instant bandit I clear , the vehicle pull off the shoulder and begin move down the highway -- eastbound and westbound -- all do a conservative law-abide 55 . the highway patrol car come roaring down the eastbound lane and find the road totally block by teen - age traffic go both way . they be stick . even the shoulder be block by car from the drive - in . just in case . and as bandit I disappear around a distant curve : CUT to : expressway on ramp - late afternoon camera follow bandit I as it shoot down the highway and back onto the Expressway , just ahead of bandit ii . intercut - inside bandit I and ii everyone breathes a sigh . bandit click over the cb . bandit ( into mike ) how 's the clock , bandit ii . cledus ( into mike ) tick away , but it look like a clear shot to hot town . Green light and white line all the way . kate turn the rear view mirror towards she and straighten she hair . bandit glance over . kate hey , this could be the biggest house I ever play to . bandit smile as both he and cledus trounce on they pedal . as bandit I and ii take off , Atlanta bound , we : CUT to : two georgia state police chopper flving high over the highway lead into Atlanta . over this : chopper pilot' voice paydirt ! aerial view from the chopper . bandit I and bandit ii blaze a trail toward Atlanta . the chopper as they swoop down toward camera . chopper pilot' voice -- we just pick up the cobra eastbound on interstate 72 head for the Peach Tree classic . over . commander's voice all unit converge . and now : a bird eye view of the Atlanta Expressway artery . every type of law enforcement vehicle in the area -- state troopers , local police , highway patrolmen , the work -- be blow down the Expressway . Blue , Red and yellow light swirl . camera swoops in closer and pick up bandit I and ii . driving like crazy . lead the pack . the Peach Tree classic track loom ahead . closer still - moving as twenty - seven police car converge behind bandit I and ii , form a endless line of flash light . as the two bear in the sky fly in low over the convoy , we go : inside bandit I - moving the sound of siren and the whoosh of chopper be deafen . bandit talk about be popular ... then he look up ahead . and be speechless . what he sees - the entrance to the fairground under a huge billboard announce " the Peach Tree classic " -- be a greeting party . ten cop car block the entrance gate to the raceway . twenty cop form a line in front of they vehicle . tv camera be poise . back to scene as bandit fire up the cb . bandit ( into mike ) I hate to say it , man ; but I think it 's over . time to lay down we hand . inside bandit ii - moving Fred be now on all four in the front seat . tail slapping back and forth . barking like crazy . cledus ( into mike ) be you loco , pardner !?! we have come this far . bandit ( into mike ) yeah , but ... cledus ( into mike ) when we agree to do a job , we do it . right ? bandit ( into mike ) but they be wait for I . they do not even know cledus snow exist . cledus ( into mike ) well , they be gonna . it 's time this gearjammer ride to glory . ( then ) now , move aside ; good buddy . I be come through . and cledus put it to the floor . new angle as the huge eighteen - wheeler take the bullet lane and pass bandit I , almost blow off its door . the convoy - moving lead by cledus in bandit ii . Roaring toward the race track gate . Hammer down . stack open . horn blaring . bandit I right on he tail . and behind they , twenty - seven bubble gum machine lighting up the Georgia countryside . fairground entrance gate the cop see bandit ii -- eighteen - wheel of terror -- roaring down the hill and head full steam toward they . angle - the cop some run to they car as fast as they can , start them up and scatter . other just run as fast as they can , period . utter chaos ! bandit ii - racing angle as it come barrel toward the entrance gate , cut right through the remain Police car -- send they reeling . then the big rig blast through the entrance gate , demolosh it and send timber fly sky high . new angle bandit ii head for the race track smoke stack blast . a beat and bandit I , follow by half of Atlanta 's smokey , come roaring through what 's leave of the entrance gate . in the stand the " Peach Tree classic " be in progress . stock Cars racing full speed around the track . but the crowd be attention be turn toward the entrance gate . angle - kyle brand and he son dickey sit in a front row box . Kyle have binocular up to he eye . angle - thru binoculars bandit I and ii roaring straight toward the stand . back to kyle and dickey Kyle lower he binocular and turn to he son . kyle that crazy sumbitch make it . dickey congratulation . you just become a legend maker . full shot - the track stock car whipping around the curve , as bandit I and bandit ii cut a path across the infield and roar onto the track -- screeching to a halt directly in front of Kyle 's box . behind they the stock Cars swerve , slide and sail onto the infield -- try to avoid collision . the convoy of Police Cars , they siren blast and they advertising still swirl , be force to stop -- as the stock Cars pile up in front of they . flag go down . the race be abruptly halt . a helicopter still hover low overhead . angle - the stand the door of bandit I and ii fly open and bandit , kate and cledus all pile out and head for Kyle 's box . closer angle - the BOX all eye be on bandit , cledus , kate , Kyle and dickey . kyle ( try to act casual ) you get my barley pop ? bandit what do you think ? dickey ( toothy smile ) have any trouble get here ? bandit about one to five year worth . kate ( turn to bandit , stunne ) one to five ? bandit ( hopefully ) maybe six month with good behavior . ( resign ) one to five . kyle ( cough , then ) well , I guess I gotta hand it to you . he reach into he pocket and bring out a shiny new set of key . he then gesture toward the sideline . they all turn . what they see the late afternoon sun sparkles off the chrome smokestack of a brand - new kenworth eighteen -wheeler . back to scene Kyle hand bandit the key . behind they , the police have all jump out of they car -- ( which now , along with the stock car , cover the entire infield -- ) and be rush toward bandit and cledus . dickey ( toothy grin ) I wonder if they will let you take a k - whooper to prison ? cledus ( to Kyle ) mind if I cream you son ? kyle ( to bandit ) do not sweat it . I will have y'all out on bail in no time . fool like you be valuable . new angle - tracking - across the track as bandit , kate and cledus start across , toward the oncoming rush of police . as they walk : bandit ( to kate ) well , at least it have not be boring . kate well , thanks for the lift . bandit ( it be nothing ) hey ... there 's a long pause . the cop be now close in . cledus walk toward they -- arm outstretch . bandit ( after a uneasy beat ) what can I say ? kate promise I you will not fall in love with a inmate . he grin . the cop be on top of they . handcuffs on bandit . kate move forward , push the cop out of the way . and kiss bandit . the stand as five thousand people cheer . new angle suddenly , a deafen roar be hear o.s. and all head turn to see : sheriff clayton' car storming through the gate and across the infield . the Texas highway patrol car be almost a complete wreck . so be the driver . the car come to a skid halt and sheriff buell Clayton leap out . he head straight toward bandit -- fist clench . clayton ( scream ) get you hand off my daughter ! bandit you what ? Clayton take about five more frenzied step , then suddenly drop to the ground . and faint . out cold . everybody rush forward , think the poor son-of - a- bitch be dead . kate ( to bandit ) he 's just exhaust . bandit that man be you father ?!? she nod . then : kate I should have tell you , but you would have throw I out , right ? bandit absolutely . kate ( speed ) listen , he 's nut . I mean certifiable . but believe it or not , he once look great in Levis . that 's why my mother marry he . but like all good thing ... ( then ) I know what you be think . bandit say nothing . kate what be you think ? bandit ( look over at Clayton , still out cold ) you gotta admire the man 's determination . she hug he . a beat and the cop push bandit and cledus into the back seat of the lead squad car . as two cop move around the front , kate lean in the rear window . inside the squad car bandit and cledus . handcuffed . kate ( to the guy ) well , be it worth it ? bandit and cledus look at each other . then nod . then laugh . kate laugh with they . then the two cop hop in the front seat , as the other twenty - six smokey 's head for they car . kate ( to cledus ) I will take care of Fred . and now it 's almost over . the cop start up the engine . kate and bandit look at each other for a long moment . kate see ya , bandit . bandit see ya , kate . kate back away from the window , as the squad car pull out , follow by the endless line of Atlanta 's finest . they siren now silent . but they advertising still flash . and now , as we pull further and further away , watch the whole event become history ... we hear : voice one -- breaker , breaker . this be banana peel . voice two -- yeah , banana peel , go head on . voice one -- do ya hear they nail the bandit ? voice two -- yeah , I hear . but they will not hold he for long . anyway , he sure give they sumbitch a run for they money . and : fade out : the end