mad men written by Matthew Weiner one-hour Pilot '' smoke get in you eye '' revise pink April 20 , 2006 full revise Blue April 18 , 2006 production draft April 3 , 2006 mad Men -- a term coin in the late nineteen-fifty to describe the advertising executive of madison Avenue . they coin it . fade in : title card " mad men " 1 image and sound from late 1950 's and early 60 's advertising : doctor sell cigarettes . athlete sell liquor . bath suit model with vacuum cleaner . and most importantly , proud dad with they perfect wife and child drive they car to some green suburban utopia . we get a sense of the time and its ideal . end title sequence . title card " manhattan - 1960 " 2 ext . manhattan STREET - night 3 stock footage of late 50' - early 60 's Manhattan - night - time shot of vintage skyscraper , traffic , and people . int . knick knack bar 4 vinyl upholstery and mirrore wall , but brand new . it 's after work , but the woman have they hair do and each man 's tie be push to the top of he collar . highballs and martinis clink under quiet music and everywhere be the sight and sound of smoking . alone in a red corner booth be don draper , early 30' , handsome , conservative , and despite he third old fashioned , he be apparently sober . he be doodling on a cocktail napkin . he cross something out , put down he fountain pen , and tap a cigarette out of a pack of " lucky Strike " . the busboy , a middle - age black man , too old for he tight uniform , approach . busboy finish , sir ? don yeah . get a light ? the busboy pull out a pack of match from the back of he ' Old gold 's ' and light Don 's cigarette . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 2 . continued : 4 don ( cont 'd ) ah , a ' Old gold ' man. ( inhale ) ' lucky Strike ' , here . there be a awkward silence . the busboy start to walk away . don ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? why do you smoke ' Old gold ' ? the busboy seem flustered and look around nervously . the burly white bartender approach . bartender I be sorry sir . be Sam here bother you ? he can be a little chatty . don no , we be actually have a conversation . be that okay ? bartender ( think ) can I get you another drink ? don ( point to drink ) do this again . Old fashion , please . the bartender walk off . don ( cont 'd ) so , obviously you need to relax after work here all night . busboy I guess . I do not know . don what be it , low - tar ? low-nicotine ? that new filter ? I mean , why " Old gold " ? busboy they give they to we in the service . a carton a week for free . don so you be use to they . be that it ? ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 continued : ( 2 ) busboy yeah , they be a habit . don so I could never get you to smoke another kind ? let 's say , my lucky ? busboy I love my Old gold . don let 's just say tomorrow a tobacco weevil come and eat every last Old gold on the planet . busboy that 's a sad story . don yes , it 's a tragedy . would you just stop smoking ? busboy I be pretty sure I would find something . I love smoking . don ( write as he speak ) " I love smoking " . that 's very good . busboy my wife hate it . " the reader 's digest " say it will kill you . don yeah , I hear about that . busboy ( shrug ) lady love they magazine . don yes , they do . int . apartment hallway - later Don , hat in hand , knock on the door . 3 4 he wait a beat and check he watch . it 's midnight . the door open to reveal midge daniel , a sexy no nonsense woman about Don 's age wrap in a red kimono . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 4 . continued : 5 midge ( sarcastic ) you be not worried about waking I , be you ? don be I interrupt anything ? midge no , only my work . she turn and Don follow she shapely form into the apartment . int . midge's apartment - continuous 6 the apartment have a huge glass view of Manhattan and be decorate in swedish modern : chrome , teak , and white . in the center of the room , under a large mobile , be a queen-size bed on a platform . midge walk to she draft table where she be work . Don sit on the edge of the bed . midge well , you be lucky I be still up work . and that I be alone . don how 's it go ? midge they invent something call " grandmother 's Day " . it ought to keep I busy draw puppy for a few month . she hold up a few of the greeting card that she have be work on . don can I run a few idea past you ? midge smile and head to the bar to fix a couple of drink . midge do that mean what I think it mean ? because I be familiar with most of you idea . Don start leaf through he pocket , pull out napkin . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 5 . continued : 6 don I have this situation with my cigarette account . midge ( surprised ) wow , you really be here to talk . don the Trade Commission be crack down on all of we health claim . midge I get " reader 's digest " . ( hand he a drink ) this be the same scare you have five year ago . you deal with it . I know I sleep easier know that doctor smoke . don but that 's the problem . the whole " safer cigarette " thing be over . no more doctor , no more testimonial , no more cough - free , soothes you t-zone , low - tar , low - nicotine , filter - tip , nothing . it 's over . all that 's leave be a crush - proof box and " four out of five Dead people smoke you brand . " Don drain he drink . midge put on a record . she sit behind he on the bed , start rub he neck . midge be this the part where I say , " Don draper be the great ad-man ever and he big strong brain will find a way to lead the sheep to the slaughterhouse " ? Don grab she hand over he shoulder , pull she over and kiss she on the lip lightly . don I do not want to go to school tomorrow . midge be you go to pitch it to I or not ? ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 6 . continued : ( 2 ) 6 don midge , I be serious . I have nothing . I be over and they be finally go to know it . the next time you see I there will be a bunch of young executive pick the meat off my rib . midge that 's a pretty picture . don what 's you secret ? midge nine different way to say , " I love you , grandma . " she open she kimono revealing she have nothing on underneath and pull Don 's head to she chest . as she smile with pleasure , we dissolve to : int . midge's apartment - morning 7 Don be lay on midge 's chest . midge smoke a cigarette . Don look off towards the skyline . don we should get marry . midge you think I would make a good ex-wife ? Don sit up and grab a cigarette off the end table . don I be serious . you have you own business and you do not care when I come over . what size cadillac do you take ? midge lay on the bed completely naked , stare at don. midge you know the rule . I do not make plan and I do not make breakfast . she smile a little and throw Don he watch . he put it on . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 7 . continued : 7 don sterling be have the tobacco people in nine hour . I have nothing . midge people love smoking . there 's nothing that you , the Trade Commission , or " reader 's digest " can do to change that . don there 's a kid who come by my office everyday and look where he 's go to put he plant . midge be he handsome ? ext . towering manhattan skyscraper —- morning 8 from the air , we see a elegant modern glass building . below , the hat on the top of men' head swarm like ant through revolve door . int . elevator 9 a middle - age black man man the control of the crowded elevator . Three young exec , ken , dick , and harry , in apparently identical suit take off they hat and crowd to the back of the elevator . dick twenty -three . harry oh , but not right away . a attractive young secretary , hold she purse to she chest , step on the elevator and turn she back to they . the three man look she over and nod to each other approvingly . ken ( to the operator ) pal , can you take the long way up ? I be really enjoy the view here . the secretary look down . the operator say nothing . Dick slouches against the back wall . ( continued ) 10 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 8. continued : 9 dick you go to Campbell 's bachelor party ? ken yeah , I want to be there before they tie a anchor around he neck and drag he out to sea . dick I hear she 's a nice girl . harry who want that ? int . sterling cooper ad agency - continuous 10 we follow the threesome as they wind down the hall of the busy office . it 's ultra-modern with teak panell and Barcelona chair . dick what do you do that for ? she will probably be assign to one of we . ken then she will know what she 's in for . besides , you have to let they know what kind of guy you be . then they will know what kind of girl to be . harry ( to Ken ) I have a feel we will not be go to you bachelor party anytime soon . ken yeah , well , compare to Campbell , I be a boy scout . they walk past a attractive secretary , hildy , who stand up as if to stop they . hildy Excuse I , be he expect you ? dick he 's not expect anything . Ken hold he finger to he lip as the three man burst open the door to see -- 11 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 9 . int . pete 's office - day 11 pete campbell . he be mid-twenty , charming , all - american , and on the phone . pete ( to phone ) oh , honey , do not worry , I will get home safely . I have a important appointment right now , so why do not you go shopping or something ? take you mother to lunch , tell she it be my idea . dick ( to Ken ) wow , he 's good . the three guy , Ken , Dick , and Harry , settle into different place around the office . a few of they light cigarettes . pete ( to phone ) it 's just a bachelor party . ... no , I really do not know what they have plan , but judge from the creative brainpower around here , we will probably end up see " my Fair Lady " . Ken look offended and take a card out of he pocket with a draw of a stripper , on it be write " the slipper room " . he hold it up for Pete . pete ( cont 'd ) ( still on phone ) I will tell you what . i'11l stop by you place on my way home . you mother can check under my fingernails . ... of course I love you . I be give up my life to be with you , be not I ? he laugh and hang up the phone and pick up she picture from he desk . pete ( cont 'd ) what a great gal . i'1l tell you guy , she steal my heart . dick and she old man 's load . ( continued ) 11 12 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 10 . continued : 11 as Pete laugh , he grab the card with the stripper from Ken . int . sterling cooper hallway -- later 12 walk down a wide corridor with open office on either side be joan , mid-twenty , a incredibly put together office manager . a half step behind she , carry a cardboard box with supplies be peggy olson , who at 20 seem far young . joan now this be the executive floor . it should be organize but it 's not , so you will find account executive and Creative executive , all mix together . ( laugh ) please do not ask I the difference . peggy great . joan hopefully , if you follow my lead , you can avoid some of the mistake I make here . Ken and Dick pass in the hallway . dick ( as he pass ) hello , Joan . joan ( to Peggy , be : Dick ) like that one . so , how many train do it take you ? peggy only one , but I get up very early . joan in a couple of year , with the right move , you will be in the city with the rest of we . of course , if you really make the right move , you will be out in the country and you will not be go to work at all . they push through a couple of double door to another set of office with secretarial desk in front of they . Joan point to a empty desk . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 11 . 12 continued : 12 joan ( cont 'd ) you will be there , just across the aisle from I . we will both take care of Mr. draper for the time be . Peggy sit down and start unload she thing . Joan stand in front of she , very business - like . joan ( cont 'd ) I do not know what you goal be , but do not over - do it with the perfume . keep a fifth of something in you desk . Mr. draper drink rye . also , invest in some aspirin , some band - aid , and a needle and thread . Peggy whip out a steno - pad and start write . peggy Rye be canadian , right ? joan you better find out . he may act like he want a secretary , but most of the time they be look for something between a mother and a waitress . the rest of the time , well -- ( confidentially ) go home , take a paper bag , cut eyehole out of it . put it over you head , get undress and look at yourself in the mirror . really evaluate where you strength and weakness be . and be honest . Peggy look up at she , a little stunne . peggy I always try to be honest . joan good for you . as Peggy place she gleam stapler on the desk , she stare at the two button intercom , the rotary telephone , and the electric typewriter . joan ( cont 'd ) now try not to be overwhelm by all this technology . ( more ) ( continued ) 12 13 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 12 . continued : ( 2 ) 12 joan ( cont 'd ) it look complicated , but the man who design it make it simple enough for a woman to use . peggy I sure hope so . joan at lunch , you need to pick up a box of chocolate , a dozen carnation , and some bath salt . i'1l explain later . peggy thank you , miss holloway . you be really wonderful for look out for I this way . joan it 's Joan . Joan start to head away , then turn back . joan ( cont 'd ) and listen , we be go to be work together so do not take this the wrong way , but a girl like you , with that darling little ankle , I would find a way to make they sing . also , man love scarve . down the hallway come a slightly dishevel Don draper follow by roger sterling , a elegant wasp with a incredible head of grey hair . Roger be the sterling in " sterling Cooper advertise " . as they whisk by , Joan straighten up and stick she chest out . she motion for Peggy to stand up as well . joan ( cont 'd ) good morning , Mr. draper . oh! and Mr. sterling ! how be you ? roger good morning , girl . as they enter Don 's office , Don automatically hand Joan he hat and overcoat and then close the door behind they . int . don draper' office -- continuous 13 Roger speak as Don open a cabinet and hang up he coat . ( continued ) 13 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 13 . continued : 13 roger you look like a hundred buck . Long night ? it 's not this tobacco thing , be it ? don it have be on my mind . roger well , I should hope so . Lee garner and he father and the whole ' lucky Strike ' family will be here at four . don be you worried ? Don open a drawer revealing a stack of freshly identical white shirt still wrap from the laundry . he take one out and change into it while they talk . roger no , if I be worried , I would ask you what you have . but I be not . so I be just go to assume that you have something . which mean you should be worried . Don fold down he collar and start tie he tie . don so you come by because you want to watch I get dress ? roger no , I want make sure you be here . Don drop a couple of alka - seltzer into a glass . don in body , yes . give I about a half a hour for the rest . Roger head out , but then stop , remember something . roger do we have any ...how do I put this ? have we ever hire any Jews ? don not on my watch . ( continued ) 13 14 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 roger very funny . that 's not what I mean . don we have get a italian . salvatore , my art director ? roger ( disappointed ) that will not work . don sorry , but most of the jewish guy work for jewish firm . roger I know . selling jewish product to jewish people . don ( pretend to write ) that 's good . roger it 's just that we eleven o'clock be with mencken 's Department store and I wish we have somebody to make they feel comfortable . don you want I to go down to the deli and grab somebody ? roger ( point to Don 's shirt ) you miss a button . Roger exit . Don button he shirt . he be now perfectly dress . he look out at the spectacular view of Manhattan and close the venetian blind . now in he dim office , he lay carefully on the couch . he look up at the ceiling and stare a moment at the dark florescent fixture . a fly buzze , trap inside . he close he eye . fade out . int . don draper 's office -- later 14 over black we hear Peggy 's disembody voice . ( continued ) 14 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 15 . continued : 14 peggy ( v.o. ) Mr. draper ? Excuse I ? Mr. draper ? fading up on Don 's Pov Peggy stand over Don hold a glass of water in one hand . peggy ( cont 'd ) Mr. draper . Excuse I . I be sorry to wake you , but Mr. Campbell be outside . don he do not know I be sleep in here , do he ? peggy no , sir . don that 's good . and who be you ? peggy I be Peggy Olson . the new girl ? Don look at she , put thing together . he stand up and tuck in the tail of he shirt , run a comb through he hair . don can you go out there and entertain he ? peggy I know it 's my first day and I do not want to seem uncooperative , but ... do I have to ? don I see you point . peggy ( relieved ) I bring you some aspirin . Don smile and take the glass and aspirin from she . don send he in . as Peggy turn Pete swing the door open and enter . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 16 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 pete you look like a hundred buck . ready to go sweet talk some retail Jews ? don you be hard to take first thing in the morning , Pete . pete I have never have any complaint . speak of which , who 's you little friend , here ? don she 's the new girl . pete you always get the new girl . management get all the perk . ( to Peggy ) where be you from , honey ? peggy miss deaver 's secretarial School . pete top notch . ( he look she over ) but I mean where be you from ? be you amish or something ? peggy no , I be from Brooklyn . pete well you be in the city , now . it would not be a sin for we to see you leg . and if you pull you belt in a little bit , you might look like a woman . Peggy try to hide she embarrassment by ignore Pete . peggy be that all , Mr. draper ? pete hey , I be not do here . I be work my way up . don ( to Peggy ) that will be all -- it 's Peggy , right ? ( continued ) 14 15 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 continued : ( 3 ) peggy yes , Mr. draper . oh , and it 's time for you eleven o'clock meeting . Peggy start to walk out . don ( to Peggy ) sorry about Mr. Campbell , here . he leave he manners back at the fraternity house . Pete shrug and hold open the door as Don exit . int . sterling cooper hallway - continuous Don and Pete walk down the hallway together . pete she 's a little young for you , draper . don the future Mrs. Pete Campbell be a lucky woman . when 's the wedding , again ? pete Sunday . do Ken tell you about the bachelor party tonight ? don he sure do . pete so do I get first crack at she ? Word be she take down more sailor than the Arizona . don how old be you ? pete I just turn twenty - six . don I bet the world look like one great big brassiere strap wait to be snap . pete you be good with word , draper . ( continued ) 17 . 14 15 15 16 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 18 . continued : 15 don Campbell , we be both man here , so I will be direct . pete Christ , be you already sleep with she ? unfaze , Don continue as they round a corner . don advertise be a very small world . and when you do something like malign the reputation of some girl from the steno pool on she first day , you make it even smaller . keep it up and even if you do get my job , you will never run this place . you will die in that corner office : a mid-level account executive with a little bit of hair , who woman go home with out of pity . they have arrive at the big board room . Don stop and whisper . don ( cont 'd ) and you know why ? because no one will like you . Pete be speechless . Don smile and open the door . int . sterling cooper board room — continuous 16 Don enter , energize . Pete follow behind he , try to smile . Inside , Roger wait with a few people , include rachel mencken , early twenty and stun in a chanel suit . roger well here be we miracle worker now . you already know Pete Campbell , of course , you account executive , if you choose to do business with we . and this handsome guy be Don draper , the best Creative director in New York . don or at least the building . he hold he hand out to a young man . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 19 . 16 continued : 16 don ( cont 'd ) you must be Mr. mencken . Roger step in . roger ( to Don ) oh , I be sorry about that . rachel ( offer she hand ) I be Rachel mencken . don I apologize . I be expect , um -- rachel you be expect I to be a man ? my father be , too . they eye meet . after a beat , Don finally shake she hand . don ( to young man ) and you be ? roger why Don , you remember David Cohen from the Art Department . don ( cover ) oh , of course . David , one of the rise star here at sterling Cooper . David smile awkwardly and wipe he hand on he pants . roger so why do not we all get comfortable and miss mencken , you tell we what you have in mind . rachel wonderful . as they sit down , Don lean in to Roger . don ( sotto , be : David Cohen ) very subtle . be not that you shirt ? ( continued ) 16 17 18 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 roger I have to go all the way to the mail room , but I find one . ext . midtown office build - day 17 a old gothic building . next to the revolve door we see a plaque : " Midtown Medical Building " . int . doctor' examination room 18 Peggy sit on the vinyl exam table read a pamphlet , " it 's you wedding night " . follow a knock on the door , dr . emerson , early forty , enter with a clipboard under he arm . dr . emerson ( read chart ) so , you must be Peggy Olson . Joan holloway send you over . she 's a great girl . how be Joan ? peggy she send she regards . dr . emerson she 's a lot of fun . it must be a scream to work with she . peggy yes. ( think ) it 's pretty terrific . dr . emerson try to make yourself comfortable and relax . Dr. emerson nod towards the stirrup . Peggy lean back and stare up at the acoustic tile . Dr. emerson adjust the reflector on he forehead and begin to palpate Peggy 's stomach . dr . emerson ( cont 'd ) I see from you chart and you finger , you be not marry . peggy that 's right . ( continued ) 18 room . Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 21 . continued : 18 dr . emerson and yet you be interested in the contraceptive pill ? peggy well , I -- dr . emerson no reason to be nervous . Joan send you to I because I be not here to judge you . there 's nothing wrong with a woman be practical about the possibility of sexual activity . spread you knee . peggy ( try to be casual ) that 's good to hear . dr . emerson of course , as a doctor , one would like to think that put a woman in this situation , it 's not go to turn she into some kind of strumpet . slide you fanny towards I . I be not go to bite . Peggy wince as he insert the speculum . dr . emerson ( cont 'd ) I will warn you now , I will take you off this medicine if you abuse it . Peggy look towards he but be blind by the light on he forehead . all she hear be he disembody voice . dr . emerson ( cont 'd ) it 's really for you own good , but the fact be , even in we modern time , easy woman do not find husband . peggy I understand , Dr. emerson . I really be a very responsible person . he turn off he light and go to the other side of the he light a cigarette . dr . emerson I be sure you be not that kind of girl . now , Joan ... ( he laugh ) ( more ) ( continued ) 18 19 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 22. continued : ( 2 ) 18 dr . emerson ( cont 'd ) I be kid along here . you can get dress . Peggy start to awkwardly put she clothes on , turn she back to the Doctor . dr . emerson ( cont 'd ) I be go to write you a prescription for enovid . they be eleven dollar a month . but do not think you have to go out and become the town pump to get you money 's worth . Excuse my french . Peggy smile politely and take the prescription . int . sterling cooper board room - later 19 Rachel mencken sit between David Cohen and Pete listen to Don and Roger give they pitch -- Don stand by some mock -up ad . the table be line with shrimp cocktail , toast point , and a pitcher of bloody Mary 's . roger so what Don 's say be that through a variety of media , include a spot during " the Danny Thomas show " if you can afford it , we can really boost awareness . don then , a ten-percent off coupon in select lady ' magazine will help increase you first time visitor . ( sit , grab a shrimp ) after we have get they in the store , it 's kind of up to you . rachel Mr. draper , we store be sixty year old . we share a wall with Tiffany 's . honestly , a coupon ? don miss mencken , coupon work . I think you father would agree with the strategy . rachel he might . but he 's not here because we just have we lowest sale year . ever . so , I suppose what I think matter most right now . ( continued ) % Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 23 . 19 continued : 19 Rachel take out a cigarette . Pete light it , smile . pete miss mencken , why do you come here ? there be a dozen other agency better suite to you ... need . rachel if I want some man who happen to be from the same village as my father to handle my account , I could have stay where I be . they research favor coupon , too . roger miss mencken , it 's not just research . housewive love coupon . rachel I be not interested in housewive . don ( frustrated ) so , what kind of people do you want ? rachel I want you kind of people , Mr. draper . people who do not care about coupon , whether they can afford it or not . people who be come to the store because it be expensive . don we obviously have very different idea . rachel yes , like " the customer be always right ? " gentlemen , I really think you could do better than this . sterling Cooper have a reputation for be innovative . don ( raise he voice ) you be way out of line , miss . Roger take hold of the situation . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 24 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 roger Don , please . let 's not get emotional , here . there 's no reason we can not talk this out . don talk out what ? some silly idea that people will go to some store they have never be to because it 's more expensive . rachel it work for " chanel " . don ( steely ) " mencken 's " be not " chanel " . rachel that 's a vote of confidence . now Pete try to ease the tension . pete what Don 's say be that " chanel " be a very different kind of place . it 's french . it 's continental . it 's -- rachel not just another jewish department store ? pete exactly . Rachel stump out she cigarette in the shrimp cocktail . rachel you be right Roger , this place really run on charm . don ( stand up ) this be ridiculous . roger Don -- don ( to Rachel ) I be not go to let a woman talk to I like this . this meeting be over . good luck , miss mencken . ( continued ) 19 20 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 25 . continued : ( 3 ) 19 Don storm out . Pete follow after he . David reach for the pitcher of bloody Mary 's . as Roger glare , David awkwardly stop , catch . int . sterling cooper hallway - moment later 20 Don walk down the corridor at a brisk clip with Pete trail a step behind . pete hey , Don . I do not blame you . she be way out of line . ( catch up ) add money and education do not take the rude edge out of people . don well , Roger 's not go to be happy . so , I guess that 's good for you . Pete grab he arm , stop he . pete I be not go to pretend that I do not want you job . but you be right . I be not great with people , and you be . I mean , not count that meeting we be just in . so , I be kind of count on you to help I out . there 's plenty of room at the top . Don calm down . don yeah , I be sorry I be so hard on you before . it 's this damn tobacco thing . pete you will think of something . a man like you I would follow into combat blindfolded . and I would not be the first . be I right , buddy ? Pete hold out he hand . Don just look at he . don let 's take this a little slower . I do not want to wake up pregnant . as Don walk away , Pete try not to look insulted . ( continued ) 20 21 22 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 26 . continued : 20 pete ( under he breath ) fuck you . int . sterling cooper corridor - later 21 Joan lead Peggy down the hallway . Peggy be hold the flower , candy , and bath salt that be request . joan Dr. emerson be a dream , be not he ? peggy he seem nice . joan he have a place in South hampton . I be not say I have see it , but it 's beautiful . Joan stop in front of a door . joan ( cont 'd ) now , do not be nervous , but this be the nerve center of this office . you and you boss depend on the willing and cheerful co-operation of a few skilled employee . never snap , yell , or be sarcastic with they . and above all , always be a supplicant . Joan open the door . the door to , int . telephone switchboard room 22 Three woman with headsets plug and unplug into a wall of wire , light , and hole . there be a drine of ad-lib , " good afternoon . sterling Cooper . please hold . Mr. Dawson 's office , please hold . " etc. joan I know you girl be busy , but we have get a new one . Peggy , this be marge , nanette , and ivy . they nod to Peggy while they work . Joan elbow Peggy . peggy I bring you some thing . I guess a sort of " get to know you " gift . ( continued ) 22 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 27 . continued : 22 the woman stop work . the board buzze and light continue as they chat . marge ( to Peggy ) be not you a sweetheart ? if I know Joan , the candy 's for I . ivy you be not fair , Joan . you know she have to lose eight pound by the Christmas party . peggy I think you look great . Joan smile , pleased that Peggy have pick up the cue . marge it 's because I be sit down . nanette come back and visit anytime , honey . ( to Joan ) who do she work for ? joan Don draper . marge they get rid of Eleanor ? joan she move on . draper be not interested . nanette well , she could not get a call through . rude little thing . joan I see you all have you hand full . we do not want to be a bother . peggy Nice meeting you . they go back to work answer the phone . ivy ( to Peggy ) you have great leg . I bet Mr. draper would like they if he could see they . ( continued ) 22 23 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 she smile at Peggy as Joan pull she toward the door . int . don draper' office —- afternoon 23 Don lean back in he chair eye close for a moment then slap he face to alert himself . he open a desk drawer , pull out a chest exerciser which be just a few spring and some handle . as he do a small black leather box drop to the floor , pop open . he put the exerciser on the desk and return the content to the box -- we see it 's a US army purple heart medal . he flip the lid close , '' lieut . donald francis draper '' in gold on the outside . he regards it a moment and put it back in the drawer . he then tap a cigarette out , light it and begin to exercise as he smoke . salvatore romano , transparently gay -- although in 1960 , no one seem to know it -- stand in the doorway with a hand on he hip like marlene Dietrich . salvatore aw look at you , gidget . still try to fill out that bikini ? don it 's worth a try . salvatore put a couple of trace paper sketches on the desk . salvatore without the medical claim all we have be a white box with a red spot on it . he show Don a sketch of a shirtless man in a hammock smoking . the word above say , " relax ... " salvatore ( cont 'd ) my neighbor pose for this . believe I , he always look very relaxed . ( giggle a little ) of course , he do not smoke . I have he hold a pencil . don if I know this guy , you be better off with a little sex appeal . can you give I a woman in a bathing suit ? put you guy next to she ? salvatore oh , a sexy girl ? I can do that . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 29 . 23 continued : 23 don * give you a chance to get a real model . salvatore ( too enthusiastic ) I love my work ! speak of sexy girl , be you go to Pete 's bachelor party ? don I be not really big on that thing . salvatore * oh , tell I about it . it 's so embarrassing . if a girl 's go to shake it in my face , I want to be alone so I can do something . * * salvatore open the desk drawer and take out a bottle of whiskey and two glass . * salvatore ( cont 'd ) * should we drink before the meeting or after ? or both ? * don * so that 's it , huh ? " relax ... " , that 's all we have ? salvatore do not be short with I . you be the writer . I think it be worth a try . the intercom buzze . Don hit the button . peggy ( v.o. ) greta guttman be here to see you . don send she in . sal drop a couple of alka - seltzer into a glass of whiskey . * salvatore great . now we have to hear from we man in research . Peggy open the door and show greta guttman , a fifty - ish german national who embody the sober world of research right down to she bun hairstyle and clipboard . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 continued : ( 2 ) greta Mr. draper . Mr. romano . her eye follow Peggy as she leave . greta ( cont 'd ) I see you have another attractive young plaything . don you can fight with Campbell over she . 30 . 23 salvatore spit he drink back into he glass , stifling a laugh . greta ( amused ) you both seem more relaxed than I expect . do you have some kind of surprise for the tobacco people ? don ( be : cigarette ) I be do my own research . greta if you be plan to continue with medical testimony , you will only be invite further government interference . we must police ourselves . salvatore well there 's you slogan . don ( to greta ) the medical thing be dead , we all understand that . greta yes , dead . a apt choice of word . consider the public be convinced that cigarettes be poisonous . if we can not insist that they be not , I believe my most recent survey have provide a solution . ( xe report ) we can still suggest that cigarettes be " part of american life , " or '' too good to give up , '' and most appeal " a assertion of independence " . ( continued ) + HH HH hk Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 31 . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 don so basically if you love danger , you will love smoking ? salvatore we could put a skull and crossbone on the label ! I love it ! greta before the war , when I study with * adler in Vienna , we postulate that * what Freud call " the death wish " be as powerful a drive as that for sexual reproduction and physical sustenance . don * Freud , you say -- which agency be he * with ? * salvatore so we be suppose to believe people be live one way and secretly think the exact opposite ? that 's ridiculous . don let I tell you something , miss guttman - — greta Doctor . don Dr. guttman , psychology be terrific * at a cocktail party , but it happen * people be buy cigarettes before Freud be bear . the issue be not , " why should people smoke " -- it 's why should people smoke " lucky Strike " . suggest we customer have a , what do you call it ? a " death wish " ? well , I just do not see that on a billboard . salvatore it 's all a big scare anyway . so what if " reader 's digest " say they be dangerous ? they also say " bambi " be the book of the century . there 's no proof , no study . ( continued ) Pilot episode 23 continued : ( 4 ) '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 32 . 23 greta exit . greta there 's conclusive proof that none of this low - tar , low - nicotine or filtration system have any effect on the incidence of lung cancer . don this be not Germany . if you be right , the government would shut down the tobacco company , not just limit advertising . just give I the damn report . greta ( hand it to he ) I think you will find it very convincing . don I be sure I will . you be the one who dig up all we medical testimonial to begin with . greta that 's true , Mr. draper , but -- greta give what pass for a smile . don have anyone else see this ? greta no , of course not . it 's you account . don good . I do not want to hear about it again . I be sorry , but I find you whole approach perverse . greta I understand . good luck at the meeting . ( on exit ) I be sure it will be a quick one . don sal , I will take that drink now . Don throw the report into the wastebasket . fade out . 24 25 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 33. fade in : title card " 4:15 pm " 24 int . sterling cooper board room —- afternoon 25 the large table in the board room be cover with ashtray . lee garner junior , a forty -ish tobacco magnate , and he father , lee garner senior , sit flanke with other tobacco executive . across the table , Roger , Don , and Pete listen patiently to lee garner sr. 's lilt southern anger . lee garner senior I just do not know what we have to do to make this government interloper happy . they tell we to build a safer cigarette , and we do it . then suddenly , that 's not good enough . lee garner junior we might as well be live in Russia . he cough . suddenly , a round of spontaneous cough begin among all of the people in the board room . it die down . lee garner senior damn straight . you know this morning , I get a call from my competitor at Brown & williamson , and they be get sue by the federal government because of the health claim they make . roger we be aware of that , Mr. garner . but you have to realize that through manipulation of the mass media , the public be under the impression that you cigarettes be link to ... certain fatal disease . lee garner senior manipulation of the media ? that 's what I hire you for . we product be fine . I smoke they myself . lee garner junior my granddad smoke they . he die at 95 year old . he be hit by a truck . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 34 . 25 continued : 25 roger I understand , but we hand be tie . we be no longer allow to advertise that " lucky strike " be safe . lee garner senior so what the hell be we go to do ? we already fund we own tobacco research center to put this whole rumor to rest . roger and that 's a great start . but it may not affect sale . Don , I think that 's you cue . Don open up a folder , it 's fill with blank page . he pretend to shuffle the page around , stalling . don well , I ... I have really think about this . and hell , you know I be a " lucky Strike " man from way back ... from Don 's Pov , we see the anxious stare of all that at the table . in slow motion , cigarettes be be light and man be exhaling . a bead of sweat form on Don 's brow . his heart be pound in he ear . suddenly , the silence be break by Pete 's voice . pete I might have a solution . Don do not seem relieved as Pete take the stage . Roger catch Don 's eye , but Don look away . pete ( cont 'd ) at sterling Cooper , we have be pioneer the burgeon the field of research . and we analysis show that the health risk associate with you product be not the end of the world . as the executive look at each other curiously , Don see Pete be read from greta 's report . pete ( cont 'd ) people get in they car everyday to go to work , and some of they die . Cars be dangerous . there 's nothing you can do about it . ( more ) ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 35 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 pete ( cont 'd ) you still have to get where you be go . cigarettes be exactly the same . why do not we simply say , " so what if cigarettes be dangerous ? " you be a man . the world be dangerous . smoke you cigarette -- you still have to get where you be go . lee garner junior that 's very interesting . ( then ) I mean , if cigarettes be dangerous , that would be interesting . Roger look around nervously to see if they be go to bite . lee garner senior except they be not . be that you slogan ? " you be go to die anyway . die with we . " ? pete actually , it 's a fairly well establish psychological principal that society have a " death wish " . and if we could tap into that , the market potential -- lee garner senior what the hell be you talk about ? why not just write " cancer " on the package ? be you insane ? I be not sell rifle . I be in the tobacco business -- I be sell America . the Indians give it to we for shit 's sake . lee garner junior come on , dad . let 's get out of here . they stand up . lee garner junior ( cont 'd ) ( he help he father up ) the bright spot be , at least we know that if we have this problem , everybody have this problem . Don 's ear perk up at this last comment . he let it sink in . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 36 . 25 continued : ( 3 ) 25 don gentlemen , before you leave , can I say something ? roger ( point ) I do not know . can you , Don ? don the Federal Trade Commission and " reader 's digest " have do you a favor . they have let you know that any ad that bring up the concept of health and cigarettes together , well , it just make people think of cancer . lee garner senior ( sarcastic ) yes , and we be grateful to they . don but , what Lee junior say be right . if you can not make health claim , neither can you competitor . lee garner senior great , so we get a lot of people not say anything that sell cigarettes . don not exactly . this be the great advertising opportunity since the invention of cereal . we have six identical company with six identical product ... we can say anything we want . the man sit down , interested . Don walk over to a black board . don ( cont 'd ) how do you make you cigarettes ? lee garner junior I do not know . lee garner senior ( to he son ) shame on you . ( to Don ) ( more ) ( continued ) 25 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 continued : ( 4 ) lee garner senior ( cont 'd ) we breed insect - resistant tobacco seed , plant ‘em in the North Carolina sunshine , grow it , cut it , cure it , toast it , treat it -- don there you go . Don write on the board : " lucky Strike - it 's ' toasted ' . the man all look at it , not sure how to react . lee garner junior but everybody else 's tobacco be toast . don no. everybody else 's tobacco be poisonous . " lucky Strike " be toast . Roger 's face light with a slow smile of pride and awe . roger gentlemen , I do not have to tell you what you have just witness here . lee garner junior I think you do . Don gather he thought and lower he voice . don advertise be base on one thing : happiness . and you know what happiness be ? 37 . 25 " Don look out the window into the set sun , almost lose . don ( cont 'd ) happiness be the smell of a new car ... it 's freedom from fear . it 's a billboard on the side of the road that scream with reassurance that whatever you be do be okay . ( almost to himself ) you be okay . the tobacco people look at each other with understanding and relief . lee garner senior ( quietly impressed ) " it 's ' toasted ' . " I get it . ( continued ) 25 26 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 38 . continued : ( 5 ) 25 Don underline the slogan with the chalk . as he turn and look over at Pete 's disappointed face , he smile and tap out a cigarette . int . don draper' office - later 26 Roger stand at the bar , fix drink . Don sit at he desk with he foot up , smoking a cigar . roger you have I worried . I do not know if you be drunk or not drunk , but that be inspire . he hand Don a drink . as he do , Don notice that greta 's report be no longer in the waste basket . don for the record , I pull it out of thin air . ( he look up ) thank you , up there . roger you be look the wrong way . ( Don laugh ) so , while I have get you in the afterglow here , what do you say you reconsider this presidential campaign ? don I do not know , bunt and baby , that 's hard work -- I have just make a hash of it . roger modesty , that 's adorable . I expect significant billing on this thing . country house for all of we . and if that do not make you patriotic , think about the product : he 's young , handsome , beautiful wife , navy hero , honestly Don , it should not be hard to convince America Dick Nixon be a winner . the intercom buzze . peggy ( v.o. ) Mr. draper ? you have visitor . ( continued ) + eh * Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 38a . 26 continued : 26 don honey , could you be a little more specific ? ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 39 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 Ken , Dick , and Harry bust through the door with Pete in tow . ken we hear you save the day . he slam down a bottle of " canadian Club " . Don look at it . don thanks , boy . I appreciate it . pete ( suck up ) I tell they how amazing you be . I be still tingling . the guy start fix themselves drink . roger well it look like you be all about to engage in a little mid-level camaraderie , so I will be on my way . and Don , thanks for the home run . don I love to come through . roger ( quietly ) speak of that , any way you can patch thing up with Rachel mencken ? any chance you could be as charming as I say you be ? don have not you have enough of my magic for one day ? roger she 's worth two million dollar . don you be a whore . Roger salute and exit . Don hit the intercom . harry can she get we some more ice ? peggy ( v.o. ) yes , Mr. draper ? don ( to intercom ) just a minute . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 continued : ( 3 ) don ( cont 'd ) ( then to they ) I think this party need to move elsewhere . dick we will move wherever you want , but it 's five fifteen , the bachelor party 's underway . don I do not know -- pete aw , come on , Don . all hand on deck . ken be not you go to help we give Pete he big send - off ? don ( point to Pete ) maybe some other time . pete come on , guy . he put down a card of the strip club . pete ( cont 'd ) Don will join we later , right Don ? 40 . 26 Pete hold open the door as the guy file out . Don look Pete in the eye . don if greta 's research be any good , I would have use it . pete what be you talk about ? don I be say I have a report just like that , and it 's not like there 's some magic machine that make identical copy of thing . pete I still think she 's right . Peggy stand in the doorway . ( continued ) 26 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 41 . continued : ( 4 ) 26 don have a great night , pete. congratulation . he shake Pete 's hand . Pete simmer and walk away . Don go back to he desk and look through he note . Peggy stand next to he . peggy I hear you be amazing in the meeting . don fear really stimulate my imagination . peggy I just want to thank you for a great first day . and for , you know , stand up for I with Mr. Campbell . she put she hand on top of he . don first of all , Peggy , I be you boss , not you boyfriend . ( remove she hand ) and second of all , you let Pete Campbell go through my trash again , and you will not be able to get a job sell sandwich at Penn Station . peggy ( eye welling ) he say he leave he fountain pen in here , I do not know ... I hope you do not think I be the kind of girl -- don of course not ... now go home , put you curler in , and let 's start fresh again tomorrow . Peggy start to head out . don ( cont 'd ) oh , and Peggy , I need you to place a call . 27 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 42 . int . the slipper room 27 live jazz sizzle in the background . a buxom blonde stripper be onstage . she unzip she dress in the back and slowly shake it to the floor . through the smoke- fill air we see Ken , Dick , Harry , salvatore , and Pete sit at a corner booth . they be drink and laugh , but Pete be in no mood to participate . Ken hand a scantily clad waitress ten dollar . ken ( to waitress ) I want to see you here every fifteen minute , whether you have drink or not . as she put the drink down , she show they she cleavage . harry every five minute . the waitress smile and cross off . they all watch she . dick let 's live here . salvatore ( to Pete ) you better do more than look , tonight . pete you have a girlfriend , salvatore ? salvatore ( proud ) come on , I be italian . just then , three beautiful young woman in cocktail dress and pearl approach the table . wanda , a brunette with too much hairspray , sit down next to Pete . wanda be there some kind of party here ? Pete turn to Ken . pete you should not have . Pete turn to Ken as the woman chat with salvatore . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 43 . 27 continued : 27 ken hey , how many time be you go to get marry ? pete ( look they over ) how do you swing it ? ken they work at the automat . dick ( laugh ) he press a button , and they come out . the girl squeeze into the booth . cleo , a red-head with fake eyelash , put she arm around salvatore and hold a cigarette to she lip . salvatore light it . cleo I hope we be not interrupt anything . harry definitely not . camille , a platinum blonde in a chinese dress squeeze in between Ken and Harry . camille well I have the best seat . what be we drink ? ken more of whatever 's make you the way you be . cleo ( to salvatore ) I love this place . it 's hot , loud , and fill with man . salvatore ( look around ) I know what you mean . cleo look at salvatore curiously . wanda lean over and grab Pete 's hand with the drink in it and pull it to she lip . she take a sip , then react like a little girl . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 wanda ( giggle ) oh my god , I can already feel it . pete I have a feel you be like this all the time . wanda I like to laugh . pete ( lean in to she ) be that right ? we see he hand reach under the table to she knee . he tickle she a little . she squirm and giggle . wanda ( playful ) now , you stop that . pete you say you like to laugh . he tickle she again . she throw she head back , laugh louder . wanda ( warning ) I mean it . it 's too -- pete too delicious ? we see he hand slide up under she dress . a look of shock go over wanda 's face . she stop laugh and instinctively brusquely push he away . wanda hey ! I say stop it . what be you do ? pete you know exactly . wanda stand and pick up she purse . wanda you know what girl , I think we should go . pete oh , come on . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 45 . 27 continued : ( 3 ) 27 Pete grab she arm . she try to move . wanda ( under she breath ) you be hurt I . pete ( let go ) I will be good . wanda rub she arm and sit down on the other side of the table . the waitress come over . Pete throw some money . pete ( cont 'd ) get the girl whatever they want . wanda stare at Pete and then link arm with Dick . wanda ( to Dick ) so what do you fellow do ? harry you be look at the finest ad-men in New York . Hell , the world . as wanda throw she head back laugh , we see Pete sullenly stare off at the stripper . her bra explode off of she , revealing two sequine pasty on she gigantic breast . as the applause begin , the spot light black out . 28 int . zebra lounge - later 28 a white - coat old waiter weave through the more formal , lounge room of the bar , as well - dress couple have intimate drink by candlelight . he arrive at a booth where Don and Rachel sit across from each other . old waiter for the lady , a special mai-tai . he put down a large fruit and umbrella cover glass . old waiter ( cont 'd ) and one whiskey , neat . Rachel take a sip through a long straw . she be stun , she diamond earring sparkling in the darkness . rachel so you be go to ply I with drink and convince I what a terrible mistake I be make ? ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 46 . 28 continued : 28 don that be quite a drink . rachel you get in trouble , do not you ? don I should not have lose my temper , and I certainly should not have treat you like anything less than a client . rachel apology accept . Don smile and offer she a cigarette . she take one . don so you understand . rachel now I do . it be refresh really , I mean , actually hearing all the thing I always assume people be think . don I be really not as bad as all that . I be under a lot of pressure . another account . it do not really matter . rachel no , it do not . don so without make thing worse , can I ask you a personal question ? rachel do not you want to get a second drink in I first ? don why be not you marry ? rachel be you ask what 's wrong with I ? don it 's just you be a beautiful , educate woman . ( more ) ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 47 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 don ( cont 'd ) do not you think get marry and have a family would make you a lot happier than all the headache that go with fight people like I ? rachel if I be not a woman , I would be allow to ask you the same question . and I suppose if I be not a woman I would not have to choose between put on a apron and the thrill of make my father 's store what I always think it should be . don so that 's it ? you will not get marry because you think business be a thrill ? rachel ( smile ) that , and I have never be in love . don " she will not get marry because she 's never be in love . " I think I write that . it be to sell nylon . rachel for a lot of people , love be not just a slogan . don oh , " love " . you mean the big lightning bolt to the heart , where you can not eat , can not work , so you run off and get marry and make baby . he look at Rachel and smile . she do not smile back . don ( cont 'd ) the reason you have not feel it be because it do not exist . what you call " love " be invent by guy like I to sell nylon . rachel be that right ? ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 48 . 28 continued : ( 3 ) 28 don I be pretty sure about it . you be bear alone , you die alone , and this world just drop a bunch of rule on top of you to make you forget that fact . but I never forget . ( finish drink ) I be live like there 's no tomorrow , because there be not one . Rachel just stare at he with a long , forgive look . rachel I do not think I realize it until this moment , but it must be hard be a man , too . don Excuse I ? rachel Mr. draper -- he correct she . don Don . rachel Mr. draper , I do not know what it be you really believe in , but I know what it feel like to be out of place . to be disconnect . to see the world laid out in front of you the way other people live it . and there be something about you that tell I you know it too . Don nervously reach for another cigarette and light it . don I do not know if that 's true . ( then ) you want another drink ? rachel no . but you can tell you boss that you charme I . she stand up and turn she back to Don . he help she on with she coat . ( continued ) 28 29 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 49 . continued : ( 4 ) 28 don so I guess we will be see each other again . rachel I will be back in the office Monday morning for a real meeting . she turn to face he . they be very close . Don look at she . she be luminous . don I would like that . int . peggy's apartment build hallway - night 29 Pete in he top coat stand in front of a apartment door , lean he head against the wall . he be obviously drunk and knock on the door . a young woman , marjorie , in a pink housecoat open the door , hold a toothbrush . marjorie we be not buy anything . pete actually , for the first time today , I be not sell anything . do Peggy live here ? marjorie do you know that it 's nine-thirty ? pete ( be : watch ) actually it 's nine -fifteen . be Peggy in ? marjorie hold on . she close the door . she open it again . Peggy come to the door in a white bathrobe and slipper . marjorie ( cont 'd ) do you know he ? peggy it 's okay , marjorie . we work together . ( continued ) Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 50 . 29 continued : 29 marjorie ( under she breath ) he 's really drunk . peggy it 's okay , marjorie . marjorie give a stare and walk back . Peggy close the door behind she and stand in the hallway with Pete . pete so what be you up to ? Peggy smile . peggy nothing . sitting in my room listen to record . get ready for bed . another big day tomorrow . pete I be get marry on Sunday . peggy I hear that . pete you must think I be a creep . peggy ( firmly ) why be you here ? Pete look down and take a step toward she . he lean in very close to she . his lip be almost on she forehead . he talk over she head . pete I want to see you tonight . peggy ( without move ) me? pete ( whisper ) I have to see you . Peggy 's hand turn the door knob . she open the door . peggy marjorie ? ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 33 34 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 marjorie ( 0.s. ) yeah , peg ? peggy I be go to bed now . Peggy take Pete 's hand and lead he into the apartment . the door close and fill the frame . ext . commuter train - night 30 the silver blur of train car pass . we follow up a window where Don sit nursing a drink , read the paper . ext . suburban train station - later 31 Don and a few other trench coat hat wear businessman exit the station and run in the light drizzle to the parking lot . ext . draper house 32 the car pull in . door open , Don head to the front door . he fumble with he key and put they into the brightly paint red door . int . draper foyer 33 in the dimly light entryway , Don shake off the rain and climb the stair to a bedroom door . int . don and betty 's bedroom 34 suddenly we be close on a woman 's hand as it turn the switch on the end table lamp . we pull back and reveal betty , 29 , and beautiful despite have just awaken . betty I call the office and they would say you would leave . Don come over and give she a kiss on the cheek . don I do not want to bother you . ( continued ) 34 35 36 Pilot episode '' smoke get in you eye '' pink 4/20/06 52 . continued : 34 betty it 's no bother , I just assume you be stay in the city again . there 's a plate in the oven . she help he take off he tie and open he shirt . he smile at she and give she a deep kiss . betty ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) unless you be not hungry -- don I be not. ( stand ) I will be right back . do not move . int . draper 's child 's bedroom — continuous 35 we watch Don 's foot , now in slipper , cross the floor . he ease onto the side of the bed . his hand reach out to gently stroke a shock of gold hair . we pull out to reveal he be sit between the twin bed contain Robert and Sally , he two child . Don have a hand on each of they head as they sleep . he look up to the doorway where Betty now lean in she peignoir , smile at the scene of domestic bliss . Don look away to the window . we follow he gaze as we , dissolve to : ext . idyllic two - story colonial house 36 we pull back from the dimly light window . the rain have stop . another car pull in next door . a man get out and head in . house stretch in the distance . fade out . end_of show * *