snatch by guy ritchie draft 4 for educational august/9/1999 purpose only 1· ext . russia -- night we open on a guard sit in front of a sentry post . he be wear a heavy fur hat that cover he ear and a military - jacket . behind he be a list of instruction ( in Russian ) . he 'suck in a cigarette as though he 's a drown man lookin for oxygen . a car come to a stop by the sentry post , the , guard look , ask a couple of question and be give a -envelope which he quickly examine , he then attempt to stick he head in the car . a gun barrel be promptly stick in he face and a couple of angry word emanate from the back , the guard jump back and quickly raise the barrier . this next section will be intercut with the credit sequence . '' · ' 2 int . back of russian car -- night on the back seat be franky four - finger , ( New York street wise Jew ) who be clutching a fancy look briefcase which be handcuff to he wrist . he be flanke by two russian hood . this next section will be subtitle . franky four finger how much further do we have to go ? just then the car come to a standstill . the window be wound down and a gun barrel be stick through . the russian driver look dramatically calm . russian pass he the money . franky hesitates for a second . russian ( cont 'd ) franky you know you have no choice . so please can we get on with it ? franky know discussion be futile . he flip the case open and pull out a transparent plastic bag full of american dollar . the package be pull out of the window , the driver do not move , we dissolve for a passage of time , the anxiety be more than obvious , but four finger can do nothing . all of a sudden a package come through the window and the car speed off without wait for a inspection of the delivery . ( continued ) 2 continued : franky open the package and he reveal a stone the size of a fist . he shine a torch onto it and put a stone inspectin monocle to he eye . he 's satisfied . CUT to : music , a close up of the diamond . mix to : another diamond be held by a overweight black man . CUT to : montag involving all the character in the film . dealing or having something to do with diamond or theft . one shot and set up take US seamlessly into another shot and set up . this goe on for the duration of the credit . CUT back to : franky four finger open a fancy case , press a hide catch , this reveal a second wall within the case , he then carefully place the stone within this secret compartment and firmly close the case . the Russian next to he be play with a revolver , he spin the chamber . russian ( cont 'd ) if you need a man in London then call this number . franky take the card look at it and repeat the name . . franky four finger boris ? russian boris , boris can get you anything you need . CUT to :cu of spinning gun chamber : 3 int . london - amusement arcade -- day C UT to :cu of spinning gun chamber we be in the back room of a amusement arcade and can hear fruit machine beep in the distance . meet boris the blade and tommy who be toy with a heavy - look revolver . tommy it 's a bit heavy be not it boris ? boris heavy be good . heavy be reliable . if it do not work you can hit he with it . Tommy practice a couple of gun slinging maneuver . he 's impressed . at that moment the door open and in walk a man carry two heavy sack of coin . he 's a rough look bastard , he 's massive , and extremely ugly . meet gorgeous GEORGE . ( continued ) 3 continued : tommy yes gorgeous ? George look at the weapon and can see that he 's interrupt . gorgeous GEORGE sorry Tommy , I hope that I be not interrupt . tommy oh of course you be not interrupt gorgeous , I put the do not disturb sign on the door because I want you to join we . George be not too bright gorgeous GEORGE what be you do Tommy ? tommy I be baking a cake gorgeous , not that i t ' 's any of you business . put the taking down , and be a good chap . -. George put down the coin . Tommy imply he should leave . gorgeous be not too bright and continue to stand there look stupid . Tommy go to turn around but can see that he have not leave , so he turn back , tommy ( cont 'd ) be there anything else gorgeous , a cup of tea perhaps ? no ? well in that could you kindly fuck off and shut the door behind you ? Tommy turn round to boris with a slight shake of he head . tommy ( cont 'd ) not too bright but he hit like a train . ok I ' l l take it . you be a gambling man boris , so I will toss you for it . head it 's mine , tail I will give you twice the price . boris chew this for a second . boris I ' l l toss the coin . he toss the coin CUT to : cu of spinning coin 4 int . new york_office -- day CUT to :cu of spinning coin meet hand . on the phone . cool young street wise NY diamond dealer . he catch a coin . hand twenty carat ? 5 int . heathrow airport -- day franky 's on the phone . franky four finger best stone I have see in year . hand good man franky , you do a good job . what time you back ? frank y four finger I gotta move the smaller stone here ; it should not take I long . I ' l l be a couple of day . hand speak to my cousin Doug . franky four finger Doug the head ? hand yeah , Doug the head . but get some security . I mean it , get it today , speak to that Russians , they can get you anything . and. . . Dramatic pause franky four finger and what ? hand no fuckin around in any casinos , you hear I ? you have do a good job franky , do not go and fuck it up . franky four finger I hear ya hand . I see ya hand . the phone go down and hand look up at a colleague . hand he 's get it . 6 int . boris1 house on the phone subtitle russian yes he 's get it . he might call , he might not , but if he do be ready . boris I ' l l see what I can do . russian he can not know that it 's you boris . we do too much business together . you be gonna have to get someone else to hit he and there be no way it can relate to we . you understand ? boris yes I understand . russian one more thing , he love to gamble . 7 ex.t. back alley makeshift boxing ring -- day brick top ( aka mr mclean ) be a heavy look fella . he be observe a giant of a man , bomber harris , box a sparring partner . brick top two hundred and sixty pound , that 's fuck pedigree pal . he 's talk to liam and gary , a couple of employee . brick top ( cont 'd ) he do not look bad do he ? gary oh no Mr mclean , he look great . liam yeah great . gary he will kill he , he will do you proud governor . brick top do you reckon that 's what people should do for I , do you Gary , do I proud ? gary that 's what you deserve Mr mclean . ( continued ) 7 continued : brick top pull you tongue out of my arsehoie Gary . dog do that , and you be not a dog , be you Gary ? taken aback by the change in tone . gary err no , I be not . brick top however , you do have all of the characteristic of a dog Gary , all except loyalty . there be a definite change in temperature . brick top ( cont 'd ) and people like dog Gary , for the principal reason that they be loyal . so I do not quite know where that leave you my old son , other than refuckinpugnant . . . there be a problem brick top ( cont 'd ) which one be it that keep the four grand from the clapham job ? pause brick top ( cont 'd ) do not let I ask again . I would like answer , but I be not in the mood for ask question , get busy lad , or it 's feed time , oink , oink , know what I mean ? liam take a step to the side and move he eye in a sideways action imply the guilt lie with Gary . Gary catch this and open he mouth to protest . one of Brick top 's henchmen , errol , stick a belt in there as quick as it open and smashes a bar across Gary 's leg , he buckle . the henchman man pull out a plastic bag and a roll of tape . brick top ( cont 'd ' ) you know what to do with that do not you liam ? CUT to fighter . smaller fighter be distracted . harris do not look for you sake . ( continued ) 7 continued : ( 2 ) Pov of smaller fighter , we witness liam put the bag over Gary 's head and tie tape round he neck . Gary try to resist but it 's futile and we vaguely witness the demise of poor Gary . CUT to brick top brick top you be a ruthless cunt liam , I ' l l give you that . Brick top turn away at this point to admire he fighter . brick top ( cont 'd ) but I get no time for grasses . we cut to see liam 's panic fill eye . the bar come down again . Brick top find more interest in he fighter . brick top ( cont 'd ) feed they to the pig errol . with a short beat . brick top ( cont 'd ) he 's look good , bomber , be he not ? how 's they man get on ? we whip pan off Brick top 's box ring ... 8 ext . another back alley makeshift boxing ring - - day ... and the whip pan shot take we into this box ring . meet turkish , he be Tommy 's partner . turkish be older and wiser than Tommy , they be both watch gorgeous go through he pace . gorgeous George be head but a heavy punch bag . the sound that emanate be disturbing , and Tommy be distract . tommy be he allow to do that ? turkish be drink milk from a bottle turkish it 's a unlicense box match Tommy , not a tickle competition . this lad be out to hurt each other . gorgeous GEORGE oi turkish , can I have a drink ? turkish look over he shoulder and then point to himself v ( continued ) 8 continued : turkish what do I look like to you George , a fuckin water boy ? turkish look at the water boy . turkish ( cont 'd ) oi son , look lively . he turn . back to Tommy . turkish ( cont 'd ) look at it . he turn to see the remnant of a caravan where they keep the training gear and administration for the fight turkish ( cont 'd ) how be I suppose to run this thing from that ? we gonna need a proper office . he look at the caravan again and sigh , it be quite pitiful turkish ( cont 'd ) I want a new one Tommy and you be go to buy it for I . tommy what 's wrong with this one ? turn back to Tommy and ascend the step in to he " I have see better day " caravan , turkish be foot go through one of the stair and the . door come off at the hinge as he try to open it . turkish oh nothing Tommy , it 's tip top , it 's just I be not sure about the colour . he pass he a piece of paper turkish ( cont 'd ) here it 's all arrange . you just gotta pick it up . here 's a address . Tommy look at the address and frown . tommy I t ' 's that campsite . turkish that 's right , you be buy a caravan , caravan live in campsite . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) . tommy they be not pikey be they ? turkish I do not know what they be , all I know be they have a caravan , and we want a caravan . tommy I hope they be not piky . I hate fuck piky . turkish you be a sensitive boy , be not you Tommy ? you get ten grand and I want to see change . he be distract by the bulge in Tommy 's trouser front . turkish ( cont 'd ) fuck I , hold tight , what 's that ? tommy it 's my gucci belt , turkish . point quite clearly at the gun . turkish no Tommy , there 's a gun in you trousers . what be a gun do in you trousers ? tommy it 's for protection . turkish Protection from what , the Germans ? the war end fifty year ago . err what 's to stop it blow you ball off every time you sit down ? where do you get it ? look down onto he gun . tommy boris the blade . turkish you mean boris the sneaky fuck Russian . turkish pull the gun out of Tommy 's front . ( continued ) 8 continued : ( 3 ) turkish ( cont 'd ) I t ' 's a bit heavy be not it ? h e spin the chamber CUT to : cu of gun chamber int . boris1 house -- day 9 CUT to : cu of gun chamber boris the weight be a sign of reliability . I always go for reliability . boris be show franky a large pistol . franky four finger I ' l l take it . how much do you want for - it ? boris nothing . pause franky four finger ok , so what do you want for it ? boris I want you to do something for I . franky nod for he to go on . boris ( cont 'd ) there be a fight in a couple of day : franky four finger what kind of a fight ? boris unlicense box . the camera track into franky : he have a problem and it 's be expose . boris ( cont 'd ) there be a booky I know that will take bet . if you place one down for I we will call it quit . franky four finger why do not you put it down yourself ? ( continued ) 9 continued : boris well there be not too many booky that take that kind of bet , and I already have a outstanding debt with the house . I know something most do not . why do not you put a few pound down yourself ? frankie shrug and imply he want to hear more . franky four finger what do you mean ? · 10 int . new york office -- day on the phone . hand play the game Doug . 11 int . doug's office doug the head be a east London Jew , about forty five , almost completely bald and proud of it , he sit with he two twin daughter alex and susi - they look like prada model but as soon as they open they mouth , it 's clear that they be not , they have extremely rough London accent . Doug be on the phone to hand . doug I be play the game hand . that 's what I ' l l give ya . hand shake he head in disbelief . hand you gotta haggle fairly Doug , otherwise it will make you hair fall out you will see . . doug you know I will not buy poop . hand he be not sell poop . doug listen if the stone be kosher then I will by they . now I gotta business , to run . he put the phone down . ( continued ) 11 continued : doug ( cont 'd ) that be my cousin hand , have I tell you about my cousin hand ? alex yes dad , you have . doug he 's a important fella . susi , . . yes dad , you tell we . ale X be that a prawn sandwich you be eat ? Doug look mildly embarrassed doug be it ? alex you be jewish dad . doug yes . I be last time · I look . alex well you can not eat shell fish , dad , i t ' 's against you persuasion . doug what persuasion myself or the prawn belong to be not the issue , the issue be how a fuckin shrimp manage to sneak in to ' my sandwich . pause . doug ( cont 'd ) sneaky bastard . he throw the half eat sandwich out the window . 12 ext . STREET outside bookies -- day we cut to a enormous and frightening look dog sniff the half eat prawn sandwich , before he be yank away by he master . the dog be a lively young thing . we raise the camera to see the man that be walk it . meet vinny . vinny be a very large black man - the size be due to dumpling not dumbbell . he .stop outside a shop . we see it clearly . I t ' 's a pawnbroker . ( continued ) 12 continued : vinny move it , come on move " i t . vinny enter the pawn shop . 13 int . pawn broker -- day meet SOL , who 's behind the counter , vinny 's partner in the pawn shop . he 's concentrate on the deal at hand with bad boy lincoln and have a stone - inspect monocle to he eye . vinny alright sol , lincoln . they be in deep discussion and only lincoln respond . B ad boy lincoln vin. SOL it 's a mosinite . bad boy lincoln a whatinnite ? SOL no , a mosinite . bad boy lincoln how much a night ? SOL no , a fuckin mosinite . it 's the update zirconia . bad boy lincoln enough of bosinite and mosonia , talk English to I sol ? SOL Zirconia be artificial diamond , they look pretty good to the novice like you lincoln . but you could break they with a hammer , so they come up with mosinite . bad boy lincoln what be you say ? SOL I be say it 's worth fuck all . lincoln 's face drop ( continued ) 13 continued : bad boy lincoln fuck what ? .sol I t ' 's worth more than fuck what , but not a lot more . vinny we have tell you before lincoln , you · stick to be a gangster and leave this game to I and sol . sol look round properly at vin and can see that he 's accompany by a dog . ' SOL what 's that Vince ? vinny err , it 's a dog sol . SOL ' where do you think you be go with that Vince ?. you can not bring that thing in here . vinny it 's in here , what 's the problem , it 's only a dog . SOL I know full fuck well what it be vin . where do you get it ? vinny that gypsy , they throw it in with a load of moody gold . sol consider this and decide it can not be all bad . SOL it better not be dangerous . vinny do it look dangerous ? SOL yes , it fuck do vin . if it so much as fart it 's out . vinny if it fart we will all be out . ( continued ) 13 continued : ( 2 ) vin turn around and run into boris , who 's enter the shop without make a noise . vinny ( cont 'd ) Jesus , where do you come from ? boris Uzbekistan . vinny oi sol , boris be here . SOL boris , what 's up ? boris I have a job for you . SOL go on . boris I want you to hold up a booky . SOL how high do you want we to hold it ? steady on George . we deal in jewellery boris , we do not hold up booky . we can hear vinny in the background boris hear I out . this one be different . 14 int . tommy' van -- day Tommy be drive down a country lane with gorgeous George in the passenger seat . tommy do not you worry gorgeous , he 's a big man grant but you gotta bigger punch than Judy . cut to a caravan camp site come into view . it 's the pikey encampment . gorgeous GEORGE Jesus what 's that ? tommy that 's what we be look for . ( continued ) 14 continued : gorgeous GEORGE I t ' 's a camp site . it 's a pikey campsite . tommy ten point . gorgeous GEORGE what be we do here ? tommy we be buy a caravan . gorgeous GEORGE off a pack of fuck piky ? what 's wrong with you ? this will get messy . tommy not if you be here . gorge ous GEORGE oh fuck off Tommy you never say anything about piky . tommy calm down , we be buy and then we be off . gorgeous GEORGE oh you bastard , I hate fuckin piky . they arrive in the camp site and the car be immediately surround by kide . the kid ( most of whom be on bike ) speak with a sort of anglo - irish mix that sound as rough as the kid look . , kid 1 that 's a flash car mister . tommy not as flash as you bike though be it ? kid 1 who you look for ? tommy Mr o'neill . kid 1 do you want I to go and get he ? tommy good lad . ( continued ) 14 continued : ( 2_ ) . there be a pause , the boy do not move . tommy ( cont 'd ) well be you go to go and get he ? kid 1 yeah . there be another pause . tommy well what be you wait for ? kid 1 the five quid you be go to pay I . chuckle . tommy oh fuck off , I will find he myself . kid 1 two fifty . tommy you can have a quid . kid 1 oh you be a tight fucker be not ya ? a man shout from the background . he 's a young fella with a hard but friendly face ( when he smile ) . he 's cover in grease and facial hair , and he trousers be do up with string . but he 's wear a cartier watch and gucci shoe , and a large gold identity bracelet . this be micky o'neill . mic ky what be you do Paul ? get out of the way boy . be you Tommy , have you come about the caravan ? tommy Mr o'neill ? micky fuck man , call I micky . micky come up to the car , clean he grease cover hand with a hand towel . tommy how be ya ? ( continued ) 14 continued : ( 3 ) micky I be well sir , well , quite well , the weather be be kind to we but the engine be not . gorgeous George step out of the car . micky take a step back . micky ( cont 'd ) fuck I , would you look at the size of he , Jesus man how big be you ? hey kid how fuck big be he ? kid 2 he 's a big man that 's for sure . micky would you look at the size of he muscle ? and then look at the size of he fist . hey mum , come and look at the size of this fella . the kid start to feel he arm . gorgeous George play the game and raise the kid on he biceps . micky 's mum come out to see . micky ( cont 'd ) would you look at the strength of the man ? I bet you can box a little can not you sir ? you look like a boxer . mum get out of the way micky and see if the fella would like a drink . tommy I could murder one . mum there will not be any murdering do around here , I do not mind tell ya . micky would the big fella like a cup of tea ? mum do not be silly micky , a man do not get that size from drink cup of tea . offer the man a Guinness boy . kid 2 lift I up would you mister ? ( continued ) 14 continued : ( 4 ) kid 3 I bet you can not lift we both at the same time . Tommy and gorgeous follow micky who 's walk past a kennel . the dog be in good condition , and be happy as you like to see . micky stop and give one of they a stroke . micky good dog , do you like dog ? tommy sure , yeah , I like dog . I like caravan more . 15 int . tyrone's car we open on vinny 's dog , now sit in a car , it 's breathe heavily and do not look well , and sol do not see the funny side of the dog sit next to he . the man drive be call tyrone : he 's a white guy who think he 's black . vin be also in the car . tyrone I do not want he dribble on my , seat man . SOL give he another of that biscuit . they shut he up . vinny they give he wind . tyrone turn round to complain , and narrowly miss a car . vinny ( cont 'd ) hey watch the road ! fuck I , you want this man to drive we sol ? can you drive mate ? SOL no vin , he can not tell the difference between a steering wheel and a man . on the moon . that ' 's why I get he . sol give the dog another biscuit . tyrone do not you worry about I , jus worry about the dog on my seat man ! tyrone get out of the car to put some petrol in . ( continued ) 15 continued : vinny sol why 's he talk like a black man ? SOL I do not know vin . oi tyrone , vin want to know why you talk like a black man ? tyrone root and ting , see ? sol and vin raise they eyebrow . vinny root and what ? SOL I do not know . you get that gun from boris ? vinny get it . it be not exactly what I be expect , mind . mean look bastard though , that 's for sure . sol unzip a bag . Inside be a ridiculously powerful shotgun . SOL what 's that ? vinny it 's a shotgun sol . SOL I t ' 's a fuckin anti-aircraft gun vin . what be you plan on shoot , the angel out of the cloud ? that 's gonna raise more than pulse . vinny it will raise hell my old son . SOL I do not think I really want to see · hell vin . what 's wrong with a normal gun ? vinny the be psychological advantage to a gun that look like it can perforate the moon . ( continued ) 15 continued : ( ? ) tyrone get into the car , start it up again and put some money in the car wash machine . SOL can you get this fuckin dog to stop dribble on I ? vin pull the dog back . SOL ( cont 'd ) I worry about you vin , Jesus , talk about overkill . one look at a crack desperate brother and you could wave a knife and fork around , and I be sure they would lick the salt of you scrotum . the car wash start . vinny what the fuck be you do ? tyrone I never do a job unless I have a clean car , I like to make my wheel look crisp . vinny be you serious , ? you ' be a getaway driver , you be not here to show you fuckin car off . ·· . the machine start . they do the window up and that point the dog let out a fart . the water start to hit the windshield so they can not undo the window . there be more a atmosphere of disbelief than of concrete anger . 16 ext . caravan camp site gorgeous George fasten the caravan to the back of they land Rover and pull away . they wave at micky and he reciprocate . micky he 's a good dog . he will get a little homesick for a while but he ' 11 get over it . Tommy have a dog that look distress about leave micky sit next to he . 17 int . car -- day tommy I do not know what all you fuss be about . they be not bad fella . just then the wheel of the caravan come straight off and the caravan be drag until the car come to a sudden stop . the dog jump out the window and go bound back to the campsite . 18 ext . caravan -- day they be look at the damage . of course i t ' 's completely useless now . . gorgeous GEORGE I do not think it 's suppose to have do that . 19 ext . caravan camp site -- day the dog be behind micky 's leg happy to be back . micky the deal be you buy it how you see it . Tommy go to interrupt but he do not get a chance micky ( cont 'd ) look , I have help ya as much as I be gonna help ya . you still get a car and I suggest you use it before you be not welcome anymore . there be a silence for a while . the atmosphere have go more than frosty and a few more gypsy be hang around . gorgeous GEORGE hey ... interrupted micky it be only a question of time before you get some attention . nobody bring a fella the size of you unless they be try to say something without talk . tommy just give we my money and you can keep you caravan . ( continued ) 19 continued : micky why the fuck do I want a caravan that 's get no fuckin wheel ? I be not go to do that . gorgeous George step forward . micky ( cont 'd ) where the fuck do you think you be go ? you want to settle this with a fight ? mum you will do no such thing Michael . you will ... micky alright mum , we sha not , we will settle it some other way , now do not get upset . mum I will not have you fight , micky . micky 's mum be get upset and it 's consequently upsetting micky . micky okay mum okay . you need to sit down . micky call to one of the lad stand by . micky ( cont 'd ) Darren look after mum . get she sit down . we see mum be lead out by Darren ; micky look genuinely concerned for he mum . pause as micky wait for she to be well go . micky ( cont 'd ) I ' l l fight you for it . Tommy look at gorgeous George . gorgeous George raise he eyebrow . 20 int . horse BOX , pikey camp -- day the two fighter start pace . it look a bit ridiculous , micky be dwarf by comparison . gorgeous George take a swipe : it be a .impressive punch , but micky be a quick littl bastard and sidestep . micky do nothing to retaliate ; he hand be still by he , side . ( continued ) 20 continued : gorgeous George lunge out and grab micky by the throat and groin , pick he up like a sack of spud and throw he against the car door . all eye be on micky for a second or two , then he rise and appear little bother by this , he get up brushes himself off and start to pace again , hardly even look at the big man . gorgeous GEORGE you want to stay down my friend , I promise you , you want to stay down . micky ignore this and continue to pace , the big fella grab he and put he in a headlock and charge he into the stable door . there be a terrible noise . gorgeous GEORGE ( cont 'd ) now you fuck stay down boy or you will not be come up next time . it appear as though this be go to get messy and any humour that might have be around have now evaporate . micky raise he head there be still no damage to speak of . all of a sudden he start jump up and down like he 's warming up , throw a few shadow punch , take off he shirt . this reveal a heavily tattooe and scar torso , and underneath this embellishment be a physique that warrant some respect . gorgeous GEORGE ( cont 'd ) this be sick . I be outta here . micky - you be not go anywhere my friend . you stay until the job be do . micky start pace , and throw out a couple of shadow punch with he back to gorgeous George , he still have not really acknowledge he opponent . gorgeous George move in for the coup de grace , micky spin on he foot and catch the big man under the jaw . CUT to black fade in : we see gorgeous George lie on the floor with a head the size of a water melon . there be blood stream out of every orifice in he head - he 's in . big trouble . we be in slow motion ; - there 's a lot of activity go on around the body on the floor , they mouth be open but we can not hear what they be say , all we can hear be the voice over give by Tommy . tommy ( v.o . ) this be not good , if George do not wake up in the next few minute I ( more ) ( continued ) 20 continued : ( 2 ) tommy ( V . o . ) ( cont 'd ) have a problem . I be scared , really fuckin scared . there be something coldblood and practical about what this people be think . they will pop I like a hot sausage if George do not wake up . why do they want to go to the trouble of explain why a man die in a campsite ? this people do not exist in society , you can not find they , they live under they own law and ignore everybody else 's . I be scared , I be really fuckin scared . 21 int . amusement arcade 1 -- day we see turkish with a somewhat serious expression on he face he have he customary pint of milk on one side , he take a sip and " ohhh " and " arrr " for a while . . turkish so you be tell I he would have run you through if gorgeous have not wake up ? tommy no , he mum stop it . if he mum have not turn up , well , I ' d be pikey fuckin sausage . turkish what be you think of ? why the fuck do you put gorgeous George into a bare knuckle box match two day before he have to fight the bomber ? tommy he be half he size . he pantomime a man that would reach he navel tommy ( cont 'd ) I do not expect he to get hurt . turkish you put the man into a bare knuckle box match . he raise he voice ( continued ) 21 continued : turkish ( cont 'd ) what the fuck do you expect ? a grease down and a shiatsu ? tommy who take the jam out of you donut ? turkish you take the fuckin jam out of my donut Tommy , you do . tommy you say get a good deal so ... turkish tell I the correlation between a hospitalize boxer and a good deal ? pause there be no correlation as Tommy know . turkish ( cont 'd ) how be we go to explain to Brick top that he fight be not go to . happen ? tommy we replace the fighter . turkish oh what , and hope he do not notice ? and who the fuck be we go to replace he with ? tommy John " the gun ? " or " mad fist " willy ? turkish you be not exactly Mr current affair , be you Tommy ? mad fist go mad , and the " gun " shot himself . tommy what about clam Hand tony ? turkish get he finger catch in the till . he 's no good to anyone . tommy why not ? ( continued ) 21 continued : ( 2 ) turkish a bare . knuckle boxer be not a lot of good without any fuckin knuckle , Tommy . pause for think , then turkish have the look of a man that have come across a really bright idea . turkish ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! tommy what ? turkish let 's use the fuckin pikey . 22 int . doug be office -- day Doug the head and franky four finger be do a deal . Doug have a case open and be admire a couple of stone . franky four finger from Russia with love . you interested ? . doug I tell you I be interested . pause . franky 's in a rush . franky four finger I get stone to sell , fat to chew and many different man to see about many different dog , so if I be not rush you , could you spit shine the top of you smoothie and move a little faster ? doug hold tight franky , when in Rome . franky four finger I be not in Rome Doug , I be in a rush . he look at he watch franky four finger ( cont 'd ) I gotta make the booky . doug bookie ? what you betting on ? ( continued ) 22 continued : franky four finger some guy call bomber Harris . doug the unlicense boxer ? you know something I do not ? franky four finger maybe . Doug raise he eyebrow doug you get busy franky . put a couple of hundred down for I . 23 int . pikey encampment -- day turkish what do you say ? micky how much you go to pay we ? tommy ten k. micky I lose more than that run for the bus . I ' l l do it for a caravan . turkish a what ? micky no a caravan . tommy a what ? m icky you be sit in one if that make thing easier . I want a top caravan . tommy it be we that want a caravan . - anyway what 's wrong with this one ? micky it 's not for I , it ' 's for I mum . 24 int . doug be office -- morning Doug be on the phone to hand . ( continued ) 24 continued : doug I overpaid hand , I want you to recognize charity when i t ' 's offer . hand do shut up , where be he now ? doug I do not know hand , I ' m not he mother . but I be see he later . hand when ? doug he want cash so he 's come back after he have be to a fight . there be a serious expression of alarm on hand 's face - the camera crash in . hand what do you mean a fight , you mean a box match ? be there gambling involved ? doug I t ' 's a box match hand . hand be not happy . hand do he have a case with he ? doug yes . hand and he 's go gambling ? that 's franky " I have a problem with gambling " fuckin four finger , you be talk about Doug . doug what be I , telepathic ? hand franky be good at buy stone Doug but he 's a fuckin liability when it come to gambling . that have cost I . so in turn rit ' 's cost he . he get distract and chopping off a digit seem to focus he attention . ( continued ) 24 continued : ( 2 ) doug how much can he lose ? hand pull a face like " what kind of a stupid question be that ? " he they start to shout hand I ' l l not forgive you Doug , I be come over , get I that car . the phone be slam down . CUT to : 25 ext . airplane -- we see the undercarriage of concorde take off . 26 int . brick top' pub -- Tommy and turkish walk into a pub and approach the barman . they reach the bar . . . turkish we be here to see Brick top . the barman look they up and down a bit . he 's not do anything . barman I be very busy at the moment . turkish · I be not ask you to break sweat , . I be ask you to call Brick top . barman who ? turkish Brick top. barman never hear of he . . ... : turkish : well make a call and see if someone else have . say it 's turkish . the barman look bother by the fact he have to move but wander off . turkish look at the pool table . ( continued ) 26 continued : turkish ( cont 'd ) you know what he 's do to people on that pool table ? they both give the table a eyeball . tommy what , pot more ball than any other player ? what else can you do to people on a pool table ? turkish quite a fuckin lot if you nail them to it . two heavy looking fellas appear out of the woodwork . heavy fella you turkish ? turkish yup . - heavy fella follow I . the heavy fella open up the bar and beckon turkish and Tommy through . they go through another door and the corridor turn into a mass of dog bark , snarling ' and whining in cage . the mood be sinister .. they reach another door , they open up and we be introduce to a dog fight . a load of heavy geezer be comment on the performance of the dog , one dog be be carry out by a single leg , it 's cover in blood . another dog be leave in the ring , it too be cover in blood but it 's survive . turkish they can charm the paint off wall this fella . 27 int . back of pub - dog fight -- night a circle of blunt face be exchange money with one another a few face turn round to examine Tommy and turkish , they frown slightly but carry on about they business once they see they be accompany by the muscle . the heavy walk over to Brick top . the heavy tap he on the shoulder and whisper . he acknowledge , and give he drink to the heavy . he walk over . there be a cage next to Brick top which have a pit bull in , and Brick top who be carry a cane poke it through the cage door . the dog snarl back . ( continued ) 27 continued : brick top look mean now you hairy fucker will not ya ? he look at the appal face of turkish and Tommy . brick top ( cont 'd ) shit itself when you put it in the ring , but poke . it with a stick and watch he bollock grow . you like a dog fight , turkish ? turkish I like my dog to growl at the post man . brick top gorgeous ready for tonight ? turkish we don'c have a gorgeous anymore . Brick top turn round and indicate that he would like the noise around he to drop . it do marginally . brick top you be go to have to repeat that . turkish we have lose gorgeous George . Brick top turn round again at the already subdued crowd , he do not raise he voice but the crowd react . brick top I say keep the noise down .. . . a tangible silence between the man reflect Brick top 's authority . brick top ( cont 'd ) well , where do you lose he ? he be not a set of fuckin car key be he ? and it 's not as though he be inconfuckinspicuous be it ? turkish I be not back out . brick top you can bet you bollock to a barn dance you be not back out . ( continued ) 27 continued : . ( 2 ) tommy we be change the fighter . Brick top be not expect anything out of Tommy . brick top oh fuck I you lady friend have get a voice . and who might you be change he to , sweetheart ? turkish you will not know he . pause : a look of you be kid come over he face . brick top be you take the piss ? turkish no , there be a accident . brick top I will show you a fuckin accident . turkish you have still get you fight . brick top no , I lose all bet at the booky . you can not change fighter at the last minute , so no , I do not have my fight do I , you fuckin prat ! tommy you could take bet at the fight . brick top put a lead on she turkish , before she get bitten . pause brick top ( cont 'd ) make sure you man go down in the fourth . you be on thin fuckin ice my pedigree chum and I will be there if it break . 28 ext . bookies the black guy pull up in ' tyrone 's car outside the booky vin be play with the dog in the back . ( continued ) 28 continued : SOL I be not happy about that dog vin , you can not bring a dog on a job . vinny you can not leave he on he own , not to begin with , he get homesick . SOL homesick , for fuck sake . vinny he do . if he get the chance he run back to the gypsy ' campsite . SOL ohh shut up , how can he find it ? vinny I do not know sol , I be not a dog . ask he . it ' 's like he 's get a fuckin home beacon . give he the chance and he 's off . SOL you be go soft vin ? here pass I a sandwich . vin throw a sandwich to sol but the dog catch it whilst i t ' 's in flight and swallow it in one gulp . SOL ( cont 'd ) jessssus , he do not even chew it . the car have stop . vinny what have you stop here for ? what 's wrong with that space ? tyrone it 's too tight . vinny what be you talk about , tight ? you could land a jumbo fuckin jet in there . SOL leave he alone , he 's a natural . tyrone get a little over - excited with the accelerator and reverse with a crash sound into the rear of the van behin they ( ie it :s park back to back with they ) . ( continued ) 28 continued : ( 2 ) vinny a natural fuckin idiot . tyrone , what have you do ? tyrone look , you hassle I , see what happen . tyrone make to move the van forward again . vinny well do not move it now , otherwise people will see the damage . what do you do that for ? ^ tyrone I do not see it there . vinny eh ? it 's a four ton truck . it ' 's not as though i t ' 's a ferret fuckin a flea be it ? tyrone it be at a funny angle . vin be confuse as to this last statement . vinny funny angle ? it be behind you tyrone , whenever you reverse thing come from behind you . I be not happy sol . - the dog start whining . vinny ( cont 'd ) give he something to shut he up . sol throw a plastic squeaky dog ball that be in the front . the dog grab in and swallow it in one gulp . the brother look on in shock . SOL he can not swallow a whole ball . tyrone he swallow it . the dog look up have complete the task . vin who look quite alarmed hold the dog by the rib and squeeze , there be a squeak . 29 ext . airport . -- Doug and Alex be wait to pick - up hand . doug do you get hand that car ? alex I get he one like it . Doug be in shock . doug what do you mean one like it ? alex I get he the volante . doug what do I say ? what exactly do I say ? alex you say get he the vantage . doug that 's right , I clearly say get he the vantage . so why do you get the volante ? ; alex because they look the same . doug the septuagint scholar mistranslated the Hebrew word for " young woman " in to the Greek word for " virgin " , because they think they look the same , come up with the prophecy " behold a virgin shall conceive and bear a son " . but there be a world of difference between a virgin and a young woman like there be between a volante and a fuckin vantage . '. pause : she think about this . alex be you say that the fact that you cousin hand be drive a valiant instead of a vantage be a profound a mistake as a whole religion ? doug yes I fuckin be ! ( more ) ( continued ) 29 continued · doug ( cont 'd ) Cars be he religion . he can drive a valiant in the States but I can not drive a vantage because they will not tolerate the emission . well , it 's too late now , that 's concorde . shot of concorde's wheel touching down 30 ext . airport -- day hand and he sidekick rosebud be come out of the slide glass door towards Doug who 's now stand by the car with he arm cross . hand be quite clearly look for a car . doug how about a hug for you old cousin Doug ? he stop look for he car and focus on Doug . · hand fuck off you fat bald bastard - and where 's my car ? 31 ext . bookies the black guy be sit in the car still . the occasional squeak come from the dog . vinny how be I go to get it out ? SOL he will probably cough it up . vinny do you think he will be alright ? sol shrug . SOL hope not . tyrone what be we wait for ? SOL we be wait for a man carry a case . ( tyrone why ? ( continued ) 31 continued : SOL because the deal be that we give the Russian the case and we keep the money . he rub he finger symbolically together tyrone what 's in the case ? sol turn round to talk to tyrone . SOL fuckin ' ell tyrone you ask a lot of question . you concentrate on the drive okay ? he turn back just as a man be step into the booky : he be carry a case . SOL ( cont 'd ) shit , be that he ? .' vinny do not ask I , you be the one suppose to keep a eye on it . how many finger do he have ? SOL be you serious ? I be sorry but I could not get the binocular out in time . vinny well let 's not stand on ceremony , let 's start the show . they get out of the van and go up to the booky , leave tyrone in the van . there 's a double set of glass door . sol push they open , and vinny walk in first , while sol hang back with the shotgun . 32 int . bookies -- day Inside be the man with the case , busy fill in a slip , and two clerk behind the betting counter . vinny do not mince around and go straight to the counter , where the head clerk pauline , come up to help . pauline yes sir , how can I help ? ( continued ) 32 continued : vinny you can start by give I all you money . pauline do Sir know who this booky belong to ? vinny it. belong to I now . vinny then lean over the counter to get menace . pauline look more than a little concerned vinny ( cont 'd ) if you know what 's good for ... he be cut short , as pauline triggers a button under the counter and a security screen come fly up at a very rapid rate of knot protect all the counter . this have the unfortunate consequence of take vinny with it . poor vin be shot straight to the ceiling , all we can see be half a body and he desperately search for ground leg . needless to say this leave sol in a bit of a bewilder state . he 's look the wrong way at the critical moment and be leave wonder what happen , not have see Vince impale on the ceiling . sol extract the enormous shotgun . SOL vi nce ? Vince ?? he spin round look for he colleague . a muffle noise tell he to look up . , SOL ( cont 'd ) . what be you do Vince ? and what the fuck be you do up there ? a few groan emanate from the other side of the counter . sol panic some more , and decide that emergency action be call for . . SOL ( cont 'd ) I have get you man out here . if you do not put down the screen I will blow he fuck head off ! you hear I ? pauline ( o . S . ) I do not care , you can do what you like he 's not related to I . SOL you think you can try I ? ( continued ) 32 continued : ( 2 . ) sol raise the gun and fire into the side .of - the wall . there 's a enormous explosion and a clear hole be make in the side of the wall . the powerful kick from the gun also make sol momentarily airborne . 33 ext . black guy ' van -- day we see tyrone grimace at the sound of the shotgun . 34 int . bookies -- day sol pull himself together and march up to the hole in the wall that the shot create and poke the gun through . SOL Drop the screen now ! you just see what it do to this wall so think what it could do to you . pauline know she have lose this one and look genuinely scared . pauline ( to the other clerk ) . do it . . . . I say do it . the screen come down with a thud . this mean that Vince come down with just as serious a thud . he let out another groan . SOL how you do Vince ? a weaken voice retort . vinny how do I look like I be do you fuck idiot ? I would be do a lot better if you would stop use my name . consol that he colleague be not dead it 's back to business for sol . he raise the gun and pull he fiercest face . SOL now fill this bag . . . ' . - . - pauline all bet be off . SOL I be not here to make a fuckin bet . ( continued ) 34 continued : pauline all bet be off . SOL be you fuckin stupid ? I do not care if the fuckin bet be off . I want ... pauline if all bet be off then there can not be any money , can there ? there be a pause . sol know he 's fuck . she point to a black board that clearly state " all bet be off " SOL I be not buy that . pauline I be not fuckin sell it , it 's a fact ! . '' . pause SOL well , what have you get ? pauline nothing , I mean we get a few coin but no note . vinny can we just get out of here please . I be not feel too funny . sol 's temper do have a limit . SOL well I be not feel too fuck funny myself , let I tell you ! sol point at the man on the floor who be carry the case . SOL ( cont 'd ) let I see you hand . the man hold he hand up . he have get a perfect set of five finger on both hand . sol put he head in he hand . pauline and the other clerk put two bag full of coin on the counter . sol pick they up and frown , he 's not happy with a bag full of change . he put he gun down and start to rifle through the bag . pauline can see vinny 's pistol on the counter , drop after he encounter with the screen . ( continued ) 34 continued : ( 2 . ) SOL ( cont .'d ) copper coin ? what do you mean copper fuckin coin ? pauline see she opportunity and grab the pistol . sol .goe for it too , but he 's beat to it . sol duck , pull Vince with he , pauline let out a series of shot in they direction , sol counter blast over the top of the counter . the security screen come fly back up . vinny . get I out of here now sol . vinny do sound convincingly desperate . SOL we be go vin . he grab the bag of copper coin , grab Vince and march towards the double 'door . they open the first set and then they try to open the second . they push the door nothing happen . there be no go back . sol start to kick the glass door , but it do not budge . with panic rise swiftly , sol do not fuck around he take aim with the handgun and fire , the bullet shatter the glass but it do not break through , and the bullet now ricochet off both glass door shatter bullet - proof glass all around they . vinny 's panic fill eye attempt to follow its trajectory . sol be unaware of the ricochet and before vin have time to warn he , sol fire another bullet . now he observe the problem and wait for the inevitable . the bullet tear through the bag of coin , which then empty its content at vin 's and sol 's foot . eventually the bullet hit poor Vince in the thigh . sol sink to the floor , he have give up . amongst the yell emanate from Vince we can hear sol 's pathetic and desperate whimper . SOL ( cont 'd ) no security , eh ? at that point tyrone appear and push the door open . the door be open the whole time - only sol be push it the , , · ' wrong way . tyrone what the fuck be you two do ? they stumble out into the street . vinny be in big trouble . they throw he into the van . just as sol get into the back , we hear kick noise on metal from the van behind . tyrone pull out . and the rear door of the van behind they fly open . franky four finger appear from the back of this · van . he be lock in due to the fact that the black guy ' van be block he exit . ( continued ) 34 continued : ( 3 . ) SOL tyrone get we outta here . tyrone take a interest in the man from the van ( ie franky ) see that he 's carry a case and the case be connect to he wrist . SOL ( cont 'd ) I say , get we outta here tyrone ! 35 ext . caesar palace streatham the aston Martin come to a screeching halt outside . Doug be quite pale from the ride . hand look almost satisfied with the car . hand ...-.! gotta say it 's not bad . he then look at the sign of the rundown venue , he eye squint incredulously . hand ( cont 'd ) caesar 's Palace ? 36 int . caesar palace streatham Doug approach the entrance . doorman private night tonight chap . Doug pass he a ticket . the doorman step to the side . they continue to walk past several other doorman who all inspect the ticket . hand Jesus be we ever go to get in there ? doug you gotta understand that this be not exactly Vegas and it 's not exactly legal . hand I be not look for Vegas , Doug , I be look for franky four finger . doug well he say he be go to be here . ( continued ) 36 continued : . hand if there 's gambling involved , he will be here . they get nudge aside by a entourage of man come through . hand ( cont 'd ) hello , who 's you man ? hand point out Brick top who be be crowded by minder . doug horrible bastard , it 's he fight , make all he money in . he touch the side of he nose and inhale . hand original . doug so he do not need to do this , but he 's get dark taste for fight and blood , he want to impress London 's criminal royalty .. he point out jack " the all seeing eye " and salt peter : they be surround by heavies . doug ( cont 'd ) ..with a tip on when who hit the floor . any man with vein in he brain know Brick top know the answer . cut back to Jack and Salt Pete . doug ( cont 'd ) that boy make Brick top look like a skirt cling thumb sucker . and i for y of u p l a y wi t h for i be e . . . · cut to a few still shot of atrocity commit by the man in question . , .: CUT to : turkish &amp ; micky turkish so Michael , you get it clear ? it 's the fourth round . I will tap you anyway to let you know when to go down . ( continued ) 36 continued : ( 2 ) micky just make sure the man do not kill I before the fuckin fourth . CUT to : brick top &amp ; errol : brick top as long as we keep they happy . Brick top nod at Jack and Salt Peter , they nod back . brick top ( cont 'd ) make sure they be keep sweet . the last thing I want be they fuckin moan . 37 int . boxing ring -- night ref .'· in the blue corner I have the young and only unchallenge cutthroat of calamity , meaner than beelzebub 's conscience cleaner . give it up for the bone crunching one punch machine gun -- micky . a murky sound of displeasure emanate round the arena . the audience do not know who he be and do not care either . R ef ( cont 'd ) and in the other corner a man that need no introduction to destruction , the solo warrior of walthamstow , sometimes know as buckshot Peter , or sometimes know as the dictator . to the devastator , he put the ' e ' in eradicate , the ' of ' in obliterate and the ' a 1 in annihilate , you know this monster of a monster , the sinister prime minister .. . . " bomber the " mad man " Harris " ! the audience go mad . it 's hard to tell whether it 's out of affectionate enthusiasm or just enthusiasm . R ef ( cont 'd ) now I want a good dirty fight lad , so now it 's that time again .. . . let 's . . . . get ready to rrrrrrummmmmble . the two come out to fight . bomber Harris lift he monster hand to do damage . they pace each other for a second . then micky let one go . &lt ; ( contin ued ) 37 continued : it hit bomber Harris square on the jaw this have the effect of force blood out of he ear the man be positively out cold . we crashtrack into various character ' reaction : Brick top , turkish and Tommy etc . all be in shock . the ref ( who be obviously pay off as well ) try to resuscitate Harris / but it 's not happen , he catch a look of desperation from one of the villain and be eventually leave with little choice but to hold micky 's hand up . we cut to the nasty look character that we see before they have approach with they heavies , and they be obviously not satisfied . . salt peter tha -nk for the tip , Brick top . jack the all seeing eye I have just say goodbye to forty large because of you , what 's the crack ? : 38 ext . STREET outside bookies -- day ( NB : the first half of this scene happen about midway scene 28 - as tyrone park the van ) we cut back to frankie four finger get out of he van . he take a quick look around and enter the back of he van . there he raise the spare tire and pick up he gun , he examine it and place it in he trouser front . he then turn to exit . at which point there be a loud smash and franky be knock backwards ( as tyrone hit he van ) . we CUT to black . ' we fade up ( time -wise , we be now at the end of scene 34 ) frankie wake up . he have a trickle of blood drip down the back of he neck , he look at he watch and panic . he kick the door a couple of time - nothing happen , but on the third kick the door spring open . franky brushes himself off and make he way to the booky . 39 ext . STREET outside bookies -- day we cut to tyrone . tyrone clock the case attach to franky ' wrist . get out and slam the end of the gun across franky four finger ' head . he fall to the ground . tyrone try to take the case off he but i t ' 's handcuff to he wrist . so he have little choice but to pick he up and throw he in to the back of the car with the other two . 40 int . pawn broker -- day we cut to the black guy try to open the case . they have franky 's hand up on a desk and be fiddling with the handcuff , whatever they be try to break in with snap off . vinny be frustrated and illustrate he dissatisfaction . SOL where ' 's the Russian ? vinny he should be here in a minute . well get he to open it . vinny turn to franky who have tape over he eye . vinny ( cont 'd ) oi , you , four finger , how be we go to get into you case ? franky three finger if you take the tape off my eye · I ml tell you . SOL what do you need the tape off you eye for ? you talk out of they ? · vinny just tell we the combination . franky three finger I can not remember the combination I can only do it if I see it . pause vinny you look at we and it 's good night . vinny take it off . franky blink at the revelation of light . and get busy open the case . SOL come on . he open it - and it 's get about a grand inside . vinny and ? franky four finger and here 's the money . ( continued ) 40 continued : . vinny I do not believe this . why be you carry round a case with this little in it ? . . vin turn to sol and tyrone who be lean on the big shotgun at which point franky pull out the gun from the secret compartment in the case . franky four finger now be a bunch of good fella and lie down on the floor . tyrone go for the big gun and franky pull the trigger . nothing happen other than a big click , there be silence for a long second and the black guy open they tightly shut eye . : tyrone whoops . tyrone also look into the case and see the. open secret compartment : this also reveal the stone . tyrone ( cont 'd ) hello what have we get here ? 41 ext . pawn broker boris be admire the outside of the shop . he walk in . 42 int . pawn broker franky be tie up on a stool , in front of he be the case and it 's open . boris wave the black guy to come into the corridor so they can talk without be hear . boris what be you do with he ? SOL the case be attach to he body . boris so why do not you chop it off ? sol look horrify by the think . vinny err , because we do not . now boris we have or rather you have a problem . boris what ? ( continued ) 42 continued : . SOL there be not any money there . v boris pull out a wad of note boris there 's ten grand . vinny keep it . we want this , or at least half of this . &lt ; , vin hold up the stone : the atmosphere change . boris what be in the case be mine , what be in the booky be yours , ok there be not much but , here 's ten large to help the situation . vinny I be afraid it 's too late for that boris . - he hold up the diamond . boris1 eye follow he as he walk back into the room where franky be and put the diamond back into the case while he 's talk and change the combination . vinny ( cont 'd ) we want half and that 's because we be be generous . we could by rights keep the whole fuckin stone . boris grimace and pull out a gun from god know where , and within a second shoot poor franky in the face . franky 's body disappear off the stool that he be sit on . the black guy be stunne into silence . boris you fuckin idiot . he could not know who I be . now open the case and give I . the stone . the black guy be leave with they mouth open , everything just change gear and they be not expect that . boris ( cont 'd ) who 's next ? you have the ten grand now give I the stone . the pause continue . boris let a shot off that tear worryingly close to sol 's head . ( continued ) 42 continued : ( 2 . ) SOL the only man that know the combination you just shot . boris appear little bother by this and whip out a four foot machete that he be conceal about he person . he pull the case towards he and bring the machete down with full force . we can tell by the expression on tyrone 's face that it must have be some part of franky 's anatomy . point to the ground : boris he 's you problem now . you can keep the " ten grand along with the body , but if I see you again ... well look at he . he point to franky . while he be say this he bend down and pick up the case from the floor and wrap the severe arm in newspaper . he then walk out of the shop casual as you like . 43 ext . amusement arcade london -- morning turkish pull up outside he arcade and have a look around : all seem to be clear . turkish I be not go in the front . tommy I do not think it 's a good idea you go in at all . the car surge off round the back . turkish unless you be go to transcendentally extract the passport and cash from out of a steel safe , I can not see any other way of get they . keep you eye peel . turkish have another look around the back turkish ( cont 'd ) well I can not see anyone . after I have get in go round the front and call I if you see anything . 44 int . amusement arcade turkish let himself in and walk through . everything seem to be fine . · ( continued ) 44 continued : he walk into he office , have a quick look around and make he way to the safe under the floor . he decide to put the kettle on , do so , and he attention be catch by something , he look at the cup on the side and see that one be wait to be make . he stand back and look at the cupboard he see that they be all open . then he see that the kettle be already boil . errol oink , oink . where do you keep the sugar ? turkish shit you scared the life outta I . JOHN you wait till you see what the pig do to you . turkish what bring you two here , run out of pants to sniff ? errol that 's very good turkish . JOHN very cool turkish . turkish well what do you want ? erol I want two sugar in my tea . what do you want John ? JOHN I want to see he lie cold and still , but we be not here for what we want be we errol ? errol shake he head slowly . turkish 's phone ring . they let it ring for a while . errol well be not you go to answer it ? turkish do . 45 ext . amusement arcade london -- morning Tommy on the phone . ( continued ) 45 continued : tommy Brick top 's just land , he 's walk in the front , I would move it if I be you turkish ... turkish put down the phone errol what 's happen with the tea ? turkish help yourself . you have to every thing else . errol that sound like hostility , do not it John ? JOHN oh we do not like hostility do we . errol ? erol no John we do not , but I be sure he could be pacify , what do you think John ? here you hold he arm , and I ' l l hold he leg . in walk Brick top before the boy have have a chance to get a grip . turkish Brick top. br , ick top turkish . get the kettle on ? turkish adapt to he new circumstance . turkish you want sugar ? brick top no thank you turkish , I be sweet enough . turkish if I turn my back be I go to get a hole through it ? brick top do not be silly turkish , if I want you dead would I be talk ?. . . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 continued : ( 2 ) brick top ( cont 'd ) carry on . you have provide I with a problem , which you gonna have to remedy . I gotta bare knuckle fight in a couple of day . I want to use the pikey . turkish of course . brick top of course fuckin of course , I be not ask I be tell . but this time I do want he to go down in the fourth . and I do mean it this time . pause brick top ( cont 'd ) now I know you , come back . to. open you safe , so now you can open it . . there be nothing turkish can do . 46 ext . amusement arcade Brick top exit with errol and John and grimace with . the light . he 's hold the content of turkish 's safe . brick top he 's be a busy little bastard that turkish . errol I think you have let he get away with enough all ready gov . Brick top look round with some concern . brick top it can get you into a lot of trouble think errol , I should not do so much of it . · pause as errol want the ground to swallow he up . brick top ( cont 'd ) well that take care of one little piggy , now find I the silly sod that blagge the booky . find they today . fade out : ( continued ) 46 continued : fade to black : fade in : 47 ext . portacabin the film stock be 1970 , and thing seem more date . this be confirm by the dress of we man tony . tony be stand outside a scrap metal yard and he be kick the door of a portacabin . .. tony open up Charlie . charlie fuck off . the only thing I '11 open up be you . tony I t ' 's lucky you .got I Charlie , it could have be one of the other lad , and then think how much trouble you ' d be in . charlie you come through that door and you will be go out prostrate . tony it do not belong to you Charlie . he kick open the door . charlie be stand behind he desk hold a pistol directly at tony . on the table be a bag of what we must believe be coke , it 's open , and Charlie have it all over he nose . . tony ( cont 'd ) you silly fucker , you can not go run off with other people 's gear . how much you put up you nose ? Charlie open up , he fire four shot straight into tony who buckle and fall to the floor . tony seem only shake and he hold he hand out to inspect they , he 's bleed . tony ( cont 'd ) oh you silly cunt . tony stand and walk towards Charlie . Charlie be understandably shocked and fire another . it go straight through tony and we see the blood hit the wall behind . charlie go down - boy , go down . ( continued ) 47 continued : tony keep go for he . Charlie raise the gun and point it at tony 's face and fire the last shot . the bullet go straight into he mouth but it go in at a angle and it exit he cheek . tony be stand there with six . bullet hole in he and bleed all over the carpet . as he talk blood course its way down he front and a strong lisp be frustrating the word . tony ohh you 'f in twouble nowf . tony slowly extract a short sword from behind he . fear have set into Charlie 's face and have render he useless . fade in : 48 int . vantage · the car come to a halt again . hand they , have only make forty this year . you could find the maker of this engine 's signature on the engine . but you can not find I franky . doug no it 's true . I can not find 'him , but I know a man that can . cut to a shot of hand encourage he to continue . doug ( cont 'd ) tony . bullet tooth tony . he will find franky for you . hand who 's he ? susi interrupt . susi · what be he ? ' would be a more appropriate question . Doug frown at susi , but continue . doug he 's the best chance you have of find franky . ( continued ) ' ' ' . 48 continued : . susi he have upset every bad boy in town , at some point , or another but nobody 's get the nut to knock he off because they be not sure whether you can kill the bastard . hand you really think he can find he ? susi he will find you mose and the burn bush if you pay he to . hand ok so let 's get hold of he . doug firstly you gotta understand he 's a little strange . . hand . he could swing from tree wear rubber dress as far as I be concerned , all as I care about be whether he can find franky . 4 49 int . caravan camp site -- day turkish and Tommy pull up outside the pikey camp . micky 's mum be sit in she chair surround by kid . mum they be very nice Tommy . thank you . Tommy have produce a bunch of flower from somewhere . turkish find this a great surprise . turkish where do they come from ? you be a snake in the grass Tommy . mum you look for micky ? turkish ' do you know where I can find he ? mum yes . pause · ( continued ) 49 continued : turkish well would you like to share that information with I ms o'neill ? mum I do not want you get my boy in to any trouble you hear I ? he 's my only boy and he 's a good boy . m um ( cont 'd ) he 's coursing , he 's a couple of field that way . pause tommy what 's coursing ? 50 int . car · turkish Hare coursing . the gypsy can not get enough of it . tommy what the fuck 's a hare ? turkish I t ' 's a big rabbit . tommy why do not they call they big rabbit then ? turkish because they call they hare . Tommy shrug . tommy so what 's coursing ? turkish they set two lurcher , they be dog before you ask , on a hare , that 's the big rabbit . and the hare have to outrun the dog . tommy what happen if he do not ? turkish well the big rabbit get fuck do not it ? ( continued ) 50 continued : Tommy look a take aback by this statement . tommy come on , what , proper fuck ? turkish yeah before the Germans get there Tommy . how can a dog fuck a rabbit ?...eh ? if eat the bastard . 51 ext . seedy STREET errol be curb crawl down a particularly seedy street in a car with John . they come to a halt , at the foot of some touter . errol Excuse I mate , d'ya know mullet ? the man look a little ' further down the street . errol follow he eye , squint and seem to focus on something . errol ( cont 'd ) cheer pal . errol put on the gas a little - , the car surge forward and slow at the foot of mullet - seedy look character with big ear and a moody haircut , who smoke fat cheap cigar and wear he top shirt button fastened . mullet errol , John . alright chap ? how 's the gov'nor ? errol very well mullet , I be sure he will be flatter you inquire . mullet yeah let he know that I ask . JOHN we will be sure to . now come on mullet what have you get for we about the gov 'nor 's booky ? mullet I do find something out as it happen , I know a driver who be graft that day . errol do not stop with the foreplay . ( continued ) 51 continued : mullet White geezer , bit of a bounty . erol eh ? mullet bounty , black on the outside , white on the inside . JOHN go on . mullet he be do a job for a couple of brother in Smith Street . I think it be a pawn shop . JOHN porn as in filthy dirty ? i mullet pawn as in I have run out of money and here 's my wedding ring . errol good boy mullet . 52 ext . field turkish and Tommy have find micky who be in the middle of a field and be betting on with various dodgy character . turkish well do you want to do it ? micky that depend . turkish on what ? micky on you buy this caravan . he pull out a catalogue on fancy caravan and point to the picture of the roll royce of caravan . turkish that 's not the same caravan . micky this be not the same fight . ( continued ) 60 . 52 continued : _ - turkish I t ' 's twice the fuckin size of the last one . micky the fight be twice the size . and my mum still need a new caravan . turkish micky you be lucky we be not worm food after you performance , I think buy a tart 's mobile palace be a little fuckin rich . there be a pause while micky frown . turkish look a little sheepish . turkish ( cont 'd ) I do not mean that you mum be a tart . I just mean ... micky save you breath for cool you porridge . I will bet you for it . turkish what like Tommy do last time ? do I a favour ? micky I ' l l do you a favour , you have first , bet . if I win I get the caravan , if I lose I 'l l do the fight for free . turkish consider this , uneasily . he look at the dog they look keen and fit . turkish okay , I reckon the hare get catch . but he 's in . gypsy romany Music start . cut to slow motion , cu of dog ' enthusiasm , cu of pikey and they finger skillfully deal in money , inhale cigarettes , etc . 53 int . car -- slow motion . errol and John be look for tyrone . 54 ext . field slow motion . cut back to the dog . the chase start . 55 int . car slow , motion . they see tyrone , tyrone start to run . 56 ext . fie ld slow motion . the hare see the , dog and start to run . 57 ext . STREET slow motion . they bail tyrone into the back of a car . 58 ext . field slow motion . the dog move out in a pincer movement . 59 int . boot of a car poor tyrone be bleed in the boot of a car . 60 ext . field the dog move in . 61 ext . car they bail tyrone out of the car and into Brick top 's pub . Brick top be wait there . Brick top ask question . we can not hear what he 's ask , but we can see that tyrone be not play the game . 62 ext . field the dog be move in . 63 int . dog house a door be open and tyrone be throw in . a rabid neapolitan mastiff pitbull hybrid that be attach to the end of a long pole with a lasso at the other end be bring in , it will quite clearly savage anything in its way . 64 ext . field the hare get catch and a pile of fur come up 65 int . dog house · the dog bite tyrone in the leg . tyrone shout in panic , the music break , we come out of slow motion and into real time . tyrone ok , I will fuckin tell you . 66 ext . field . the hare escape the jaw of the dog and be off . 67 int . car turkish be get into he car . . .. tommy you be be as mad as mar you be , why do you take that bet ? what happen now ? turkish we buy he a caravan Tommy . tommy there be something very wrong with this , it be we that want to buy a caravan off he . turkish why do not you " bus a cap in he ass " then Tommy ? mind you , you would do more damage if you throw it at he . tommy you say I can not shoot ? turkish oh no Tommy I be not say you can not shoot , I know you can not shoot . what I be say be that six pound piece of shit stick in you trousers there would do more damage if you feed it to they . tommy be you say it do not work ? turkish you try it ? Tommy frown turkish -( cont 'd ) .=.. . that Russian save the shooter that " ' work for the face , and I do not want to be the one that break it to you Tommy but you be not a face . go on try it . Tommy stick the gun out the window and pull the trigger . nothing happen . ( continu ed ) 67 continued : . turkish ( cont 'd ) whoops . tommy I want to see that sneaky fuckin Russian . 68 int . back room pawn broker vin and sol be try to wrap franky 's body up . bad Boy lincoln have be call in to help . bad boy lincoln what happen to he ? SOL he get shot in the face lincoln , I would have think that be obvious . BA D boy lincoln well what do you want I to do about it ? SOL sort it out . bad boy lincoln the only way to sort it out be to bring he back to life and I be not a fuckin witch doctor be I ? SOL villain be suppose to know how to get rid of body . bad boy lincoln err , yes , but I have never actually get rid of one . who be he ? SOL he 's a man with a hole in he face lincoln . who care who he be ? bad boy lincoln err well , let 's wrap he up . SOL what do you want to do that for ? , he 's not a fuckin Christmas present . 69 int . car Brick top be on the phone and errol and John sit opposite . ( continued ) 69 continued :. . brick top like I say I be not give you a choice . I be tell you that fuckin gypsy have get to fight . 70 int . amusement arcade turkish be on the other end of the phone to Brick top . Tommy be try to listen in to what be be say . turkish I be sorry , but he 's a stubborn bastard , he say he 's have enough , he say he 's get to look after he old mum . brick top his what ? ·.-· . .. turkish ' his mum . brick top be ' you take the piss again ? turkish that 's what he say , she 's a nice old girl he mum . brick top you be on thin ice turkish , and I be go to be there when it break . he put the phone down and inhale . brick top ( cont 'd ) anything for a easy life . that fuckin pikey be difficult . hello , we here ? 71 ext . pawn broker we see errol outside with a glass cutter . he put it around the door and create a circle with the sharp side , pull it out and put he hand through to kill the alarm . he 's in . - errol you come John ? JOHN be a trout 's head water proof errol ? I would not miss it for the world . ( continued ) 71 continued : errol get the governor John . John go back to the car which be park down the street . the window slide down . JOHN it look like we be in gov . brick top oh goodie gum drop . get we a cup of tea would you errol ? 72 int . back room porn broker vin , lincoln and sol be argue SOL hold he by he leg . BA D boy lincoln what do you think I be hold he by , he fuck ear ? the interconnect door open slowly . brick top hope it ' 's not a bad moment . sol look at vin , vin look at lincoln : they be understandably surprised . Brick top look around the room the silence continue . Brick top help himself to the most comfortable seat . brick top ( cont 'd ) do you know who I be ? bad boy lincoln yeah I know . brick top good . that will save I some time then . vinny well I do not . brick top what you gonna do with you man there ? you be always gonna have problem lift a body in one piece . apparently the best thing to do be cut the corpse up into six piece and pile it all together . ( continued ) 72 continued : SOL would someone mind tell I who you be ? brick top after you get six piece you gotta get rid of them , of course you can not just leave it in the deep freeze for you mum to discover , can ya ? pause while the black guy be still hold the body . the door open and in walk errol . he pass Brick top a cup of tea in a take away container . vinny lincoln , who be this man ? brick top and then I hear the best thing to do be feed them to pig . you gotta starve the pig for a few day , then the sight of a chop up body look like curry to a drunk . you gotta shave the head of you victim and pull the tooth out , you could do that after of course , but you do not want to go sieve pig shit do you ? ever see the size of one of they molar ? · he hold up he fist brick top ( cont 'd ) they go through bone like i t ' 's butter . you gotta have a few pig though you need about sixteen they will go through a body that weigh two hundred pound in about eight minute that mean that a single pig can consume two pound of uncook flesh every minute , . . . pause brick top ( cont 'd ) hence the expression greedy as a pig . pause vinny well thank you , that 's a large weight off my mind . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 continued : ( 2 ) vinny ( cont 'd ) but would you mind very much tell I who the ' fuck you be ? other than a man that feed people to pig of course . the door open and we see John , who be wear a pair of extremely large plastic glove , show Brick top the shotgu that he have find . JOHN would you look at the size of this ? brick top golly that be big be not it errol ? he look back at the brother brick top ( cont 'd ) do you know what nemesis mean ? there be a pause brick top ( cont 'd ) a righteous infliction of retribution ·by . a appropriate agent , personify in this case by a horrible cunt . me. Brick top stand and open the door . we can see that a coupl of rope have be sling over the rafter and a couple of bucket be underneath they . six very large men ( include errol and John ) be stand around want to get busy . - tyrone be with they , all truss up . 73 int . doug's office · bullet tooth ' tony be in front of hand , rosebud and Doug . hand can I call you tony ? btt you can call I Susan if it make you happy . rose bud you get nice tooth Susan . tony demonstrate a interest in Rose Bud 's . btt you do not , you should comb they some time . ( continued ) 73 continued : hand interrupt hand - tony , I want to know if you can find I a man . btt well then it depend on all the element in the equation , how many , be there ? hand about forty thousand . btt where be he last see ? doug at a booky . btt a booky eh ? susi , pass we the blower . susi reach for the phone . 74 int . pawn broker the black guy be hang upside down . errol and John be now wear industrial pinny . errol be this how you want he gov ? brick top no spin he round , I want he sunny side up . SOL Mr mclean I kid you not . why do you think we have a dead man , miss a arm in we office ? give we four day and we '11 bring you a stone the size of a home . Brick top consider this , and have a look at errol who be more than enthusiastic to get on with the job at hand . brick top what do you think errol ? errol . I think we should drip dry they governor , while we have the chance . ( continued ) 74 continued : Brick top again frown at errol . brick top it be a rhetorical question errol , what have I tell you about think ? he turn back to the brother . brick top ( cont 'd ) you get forty eight hour . he look at lincoln . brick top ( cont 'd ) I be go to take you man here . point to tyrone . brick top ( cont 'd ) you can keep this silly wanker . . lincoln hold on .. errol shut it or I will cut ya . . . brick top in forty eight hour I '11 set the dog on he and then the pig on the remain . Brick top nod at errol who look extremely disappointed . 75 int . car btt and hand be drive along . Rose Bud be in the back . btt a booky get blagge last night . hand blagge ? btt robbed . I gotta see a man who look like he might know something , but it can not be do on the phone if you know what I mean . he turn to Rose Bud . rose bud I need a cun . ( conti nued ) 75 continued : btt no you do not , Rose Bud my old son , you need I . 76 int . pawn broker tyrone look desperate . . tyrone he set the dog on I . look . he show he wound to sol and vin . vinny no wonder that sneaky fuckin Russian do not want to do it . SOL first thing first , one of we , tyrone , you get round to - the Russian 's . the second you see he call we . tyrone you better be round with something substantial , do not turn up with a frown and a wag finger . SOL I be on it tyrone^ . 77 ext . seedy STREET btt be in the car with hand and Rose Bud . the car be park at the foot of mullet , who be in discussion with another horrible character . mullet be extremely nervous about see btt . btt alright mullet ? mullet tony , alright mate ? I thought , well I think you be not about anymore . .:·.···· : : btt well what do you know ? it 's still warm the blood that course through my vein . unlike yours mullet . bt.t have a quick look down the street . ( continued ) 77 continued : btt ( cont 'd ) this job do have prospect after all , you travel to pretty place , meet interesting people . btt look at who mullet be talk to , the man have a try hard mustache and interject . man who the fuck give you such a big mouth ? btt someone whom you might shortly meet . man you threaten I ? btt only with wing and a halo . mullet give the man a furtive kick and make eye to shut up . , btt ( cont 'd ) clean the breakfast7off you top lip / and make yourself busy sunshine . the man move off btt ( cont 'd ) I want to know who blagge Brick top 's booky . mullet oh do I a favour tone ? btt I will do you a favour mullet , I will not bash the live fuck out of you in front of all you girlfriend here . · mullet I do not know anything about that · · tony .. . btt if you play hard to get ' mullet you will wish you would never be catch . mullet look uncomfor ' table about the fact that he 's think . j ' · · · ( continued ) 77 continued : ( .2 ) mullet make it worth my while at least . Jesus tone you know how it be . btt turn to hand . btt give we you wallet hand . hand make eye and dig into he back pocket and produce he wallet . btt take out some note and proffer they to mullet , mullet nervously reach forward . as quick as you like btt have mullet by the collar and pull mullet into the car . he then raise the electric window on mullet 's throat until it have fastened mullet to the roof of the vehicle . btt ( cont 'd ) comfortable mullet ? , mullet have already go pink . btt ( cont 'd ) you can take as long as you like mullet . btt start to pull away so mullet have to keep walk with he . mullet fuckin hell what be you do ? btt I be drive down the street with you head stick in my window . what do you think I be do you penis ? he do the window up a bit tighter . and grab he by the nose . he pull a face when he smell he breath . btt ( cont 'd ) you be use dog shit tooth paste mullet ? he speed up even more . .. mullet . . - . - · slow down . btt . err no I do not think I 'l l slow down mullet , I think I ' l l speed up . I could play you some music if you like . .( continued ) 77 continued : ( 3 ) btt turn on the radio . a song come on that he love . btt ( cont 'd ) oh I love this track . yes mullet . mullet it could be tyrone conway . btt tyrone conway ? mullet White geezer , think he 's black , do a job for a pair of brother who have a pawn shop in Smith Street . btt tyrone conway ? mullet yes that 's what I say . I t ' 's fuckin tyrone conway . btt it may be fuckin he , but wait and see what I can do to you . he put he foot down and mullet lose he foot , and be drag along . '. hand what about ? he point to mullet . btt pull a , 'oh yes I forget about him1 face . he do not even look at mullet . he lower the window , and mullet fall by the way , in god know what condition . 78 int . pawn broker the music continue , and we have a montage of the black guy deal with bullet tooth tony and hand as they arrive at the pawn shop . we see the corpse , we see hand get irate and it look like it 's go to be the end of the black fella again . the black guy try to whip out the big gun but tony disarm they and take the gun off they . the music end along with the scene when sol break . SOL it 's the Russian , well to be technical a Uzbekistan . ( continued ) 78 continued : hand Russian ? the sneaky dog . I be do business with that sneaky dog . SOL boris . btt look familiar with this name . btt dear oh dear , you do know some horrible people . 79 int . doug's office hand Russians , I do not think it would be the Russians . doug boris the blade ? I hear of he , be not he suppose to be a short little fucker that 's cover in scar ? btt sneaky little shit one of the Russian dissident , kill more man than , ... well he 's-kill a lot of man . deal in arm , that he get off some of the old school . we cut to the security monitor that observe the shop , it sit on Doug 's desk . the door open and in walk boris . as bold as brass he walk up to the counter . doug hold on . what 's go on here ? Doug pick up the phone to the downstairs shop . susi pick up the receiver at the other end . susi yes dad ? . --- - doug what do that man want ? susi I t ' 's hard to say , he 's get a thick Russian accent . 80 int . doug be .office downstair they be obviously go to move in on the Russian . btt he 's a bit sneaky this fella , so watch out . rose bud I hate Russians . I will sort he out . hand and btt both look at Rose Bud and look relieved for the offer . btt he 's all yours Rose Bud . 81 ext . caravan camp site micky be look at he caravan ; it 's in flame , real proper roaring flame . people be desperately try to put the flame out . micky be cover in dirt from he futile effort . one of the other piky who 's involved in try to extinguish the fire turn round and see micky stand there motionless . he can see he 's upset . patrick what 's wrong with micky ? daren his mam be in there Patrick . they burnt he mam . all real sound recede and we drift in to music . the camera slowly track in on micky . it 's hard to read how devastate he be . the camera reach micky 's face , the reflection of the flame can be see in he water swollen eye , but he cheek remain dry . . 82 int . btt car btt be drive , hand in the passenger seat and Rose Bud in the back . btt 's get a bleed eye and he hand be wrap up in a bandage . Rose Bud be clutching he stomach . hand sneaky be a bit of a fuckin understatement be not it ? btt what do you want I to do ? you man there think he could take he . I tell you he be dangerous . hand how you do rosey ? ( continued ) 82 continued : . hand look at Rose Bud who 's hold he midsection . rose bud you be go to have to get I to a hospital , let 's shoot that fucker . then get I to a hospital . hand we gotta get this stone first rosy and then we will get you to a hospital . 83 int . bad boy lincoln be vin and sol be go through a selection of key they have , try to open the front door . SOL lincoln 's get some tool here , when he have have a few drink he get they out and run around the house hold a pistol in each hand , tell I about what a bad boy he be . vinny do you know where he keep they ? they find the right key . SOL well they be not gonna be lie on the kitchen table Vince , we gotta have to look . flick tlie switch . I t ' 's dark , they flick the switch . they look onto a immaculate pad . Music fade up along with the light . vinny Jesus . what 's go on here ? SOL he like he drum do bad Boy lincoln . the dog go bound in . SOL ( cont 'd ) well let 's get busy . ext . boris1 house 84 btt 's car pull up outside boris1 house . btt and rosebud pull boris up in the boot . tyrone who be hang about nearb keep watch , witness this . rosebud place a blade at the Russian 's neck . ( continued ) 77 . 84 continued : rose bud I think you have get something to tell we . hand take it easy rosy , take it easy . btt look at the blood that 's already start to pierce the skin from where the blade be press against the Russian 's neck . btt then look at hand with concern . btt you want he to be able to talk or not ? 85 int . bad boy lincoln be sol and vin have find the weapon and be toss they from hand to hand . SOL I do not know do I ? they always look the shit to I . vinny what be we gonna do with they sol ? SOL shut you mouth Vince , this be all we get , so this will have to do . sol 's mobile ring . SOL ( cont 'd ) yes ? 86 ext . boris ' house tyrone boris be here . 87 int . bad boy lincoln be SOL now . tyrone that 's why I be call you . SOL we be come over . hold he there . sol put the phone down before he have to hear what tyrone have to say . ( continued ) 87 continued : . s7 SOL ( cont 'd ) leave that dog here Vince , we gotta * go . they shut the dog in the main room and go out of lincoln 's house . 88 ext . boris1 house 88 tyrone ( continue after * sol 's put the phone * down ) * he 's not on he own . 89 int . tyrone's car 89 we cut to vinny and sol tear round to boris 's .. they be drive tyrone 's car . as they arrive , tyrone jump out in the middle of the road . they screech to a halt , narrowly avoid squashing tyrone . SOL where be he ? · . tyrone I t ' 's not just a he , there be three . * of they in the house with he . SOL why do not you tell we tyrone ? tyrone pull a " I try " face . vinny do they look hard ? tyrone they look fuck up . SOL . " * well get in and let 's load up . vin whip out a gun . vinny * load they up with what ? * tyrone * what 's wrong with they ? vinny . they be replica . ( continued ) 89 continued : tyrone hold tight rudy , be you fuckin mad ? do you know who this people be ? SOL no I do not tyrone , but I do know I do not want to be eat by pull apart by dog and then eat by fuckin pig . 90 ext . pikey encampment Tommy and turkish be look on to the burn out caravan . . they be in shock . there be a whole gather of dodgy , angry look piky stand around , give turkish and Tommy some bad look . turkish Jesus I be sorry micky . I be really sorry . he 's a mad bastard . Darren decide to interject . daren who be this the boy micky ? Darren 's eye be full of poison . Tommy and turkish suddenly feel very uncomfortable . micky back off Darren . what kind of cunt would turn up here if they know what have happen ? leave my business to I boy . Darren spin on he heel micky ( cont 'd ) I get a message that he want I to fuck you two off , that 's why I want you back . I ' l l do the fight before he cause any more carnage , but I ' l l only do it if you be there . turkish why ? micky because I know he fuckin hate ya . . · 91 int . turkish be car -- continuous turkish and Tommy be drive . turkish be drink a pint of " milk ( as usual ) . there be silence for a while . ( continued ) 91 continued : tommy it 's not warm the blood in he vein be it ? turkish I gotta say .1 do not like this Tommy . this have get very fuckin messy . Jesus you know how he feel about he old girl . I think we should get you a new gun Tommy , but this time try . . . '. it . tommy how far be the russian' ? turkish we will be there in a minute . he take a sip of he milk . there 's a pause . turkish ( cont 'd ) it 's not the same . tommy what ? turkish milk , in this carton . i tommy you should not drink that stuff any way . '' turkish why , what 's wrong with it ? tommy it 's not in synch with evolution . turkish shut up ! T ommy cow have only be domesticate in the last eight thousand year , before that they be run around mad as lorry . the human digestive system ' " ' have not get use to any dairy product yet , it take a lot longer than that . turkish well fuck I Tommy , what have you be read ? ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 91 turkish ( cont 'd ) cow mad as lorry eh ? you hear about the two cow have a chat in a field ? one say to the other , " what do you think about this mad cow ' disease then ? the other one look back and say " do not bother I , I be a duck . turkish look back at he blankly . tommy here let I do you a favour . he reach over and grab the carton from turkish , and throw it out the window . the milk obviously hit a on-come car . in the other direction . there be a terrible crash noise . Tommy and turkish come to a standstill , and look back to see a small pile up on the other side of the road . tommy ( cont 'd ) what be in that milk ? 92 int . boris ' house btt , hand and Rose Bud be stand over a safe . they be look at a whole pile of money . the case be open and hand be hold the stone . hand he 's a sneaky fucker that Russian . well shall we go ? btt · what you want to do about the Russian ? hand I want to bury he . ext . boris1 house 93 hand , tony and rosebud walk out . 94 int . tyrone's car the black guy witness this . tyrone 's now in the front seat drive . . vinny well come on let 's have they . pause while they consider this . ( continued ) 94 continued : - vinny ( cont 'd ) well come on . SOL not so fast vin we can not get they now we gonna have to follow they . B tt 's car move off . the black guy follow . tyrone I ' l l move in . it will be ok . SOL ok be very close to ko , and ko be close to R.I fuck . P. you know what rip stand for tyrone ? tyrone it stand for . SOL it stand for . shut you fuckin mouth tyrone and leave the talk to we . let 's get this ready . tyrone do they fire ? point to the gun . ' SOL of course they fuckin fire ? vinny how do you know ? they be replica , what do you know about replica ? sol look at the gun and frown , " what do he know about replica " ? he pull the trigger . he fire one shot . it be very loud , the gun go off near tyrone 's ear , he buckle in . pain . the car do a massive swerve and everything nearly end in disaster , all the window shatter include the windshield ( but the glass stay put ) . tyrone regains some control over the car . vinny { cont 'd ) what the fuck do you think you be do sol ? SOL Jesus , I do not know it be that loud . ( continued ) 94 continued : - &lt ; 2 ) vinny well just how fuckin loud do you think it be go to be ? it 's a- fuck gun sol , gun be renowned for make a loud fuck noise whenever you pull the trigger . SOL you want to see if they work . vinny I do not mean try it in the fuckin car sol . SOL well they work , I reckon they be really go to put the shit into they . vinny right now I be not concerned with put the shit into they sol , I be " " . concerned about take the pain out of my ringing fuck ear . look what you do to poor tyrone . tyrone you alright ? he tap tyrone on the shoulder . tyrone look up . vinny ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? tyrone spin in he seat and answer a little too loudly . tyrone I be fuckin deaf ! what have you do to my car ? they crash into the car in front . boris the blade come fly through the windshield . 95 int . btt car -- night ( this scene run concurrently with scene 91 ) hns ad - ....... how we go to get rid of he ? btt you want to shoot he ? hand I t ' 's a bit noisy be not it ? ( continued ) 95 continued : - btt well you want to stab he ? - hand that 's a bit cold blooded be not it ? btt you want to kill he or not ? rose bud I ' 1 1 cut he . btt that 's the spirit . there 's a sword back there . he point to behind a seat : there be a bloody great sword conceal . tony skillfully pass the sword to Rose Budd , who attempt to pull it out of its scabbard . tony turn round to hand . btt ( cont 'd ) you , you want a knife ? he pass hand a knife . hand I would not know what to do with it . btt it 's not a fuckin rocket launcher . it 's a knife for god sake , what have you use for to keep you fork company for all this year ? it 's get a sharp side and a blunt side . you want a lesson ? there be a sudden bang on the windshield and btt turn back to the front only to see the windshield cover in milk . tony can not see where he be go and search for the windshield wiper . while this be happen the car swerve to the side and hit a lamp post . they crash and the boot ( trunk ) have fly open and boris the blade try to lift himself out . Rose Bud look down at the sword he have be extract he can see he very nearly cut himself in two . tony pull himself up from the steering wheel he have a trickle of blood run down he face . there 's a crash and a car hit they from behind . 96 int . tyrone's car -- night they too be recover from the accident . and boris have now come headfirst through the windshield . ( continued ) 96 continued : - vinny you idiot what have you do ? SOL be that boris ? 97 int . btt' car hand what happen ? btt we hit something and something hit we . he turn and see that Rose Bud have get a sword stick though he . it 's go through he and the seat that he be sit on . 98 int . black guy car SOL let 's hit they now . vinny the be a dead Russian on my lap sol I be not think about hit anybody right now . SOL well you better start think Vince because otherwise you will be fuckin lucky if you end up look like that . 99 int . btt' car . btt you alright ? hand no I be about a rocket ride from right tony . btt I mean do you feel alright ? hand ohh yeah , I feel like I be lie on the naked lap of Aphrodite , cool by the tumble petal of spring rose , how the fuck do you think I feel ? ( continued ) 99 continued : - btt hold tight big man , and put you gun away . let 's get go . hand what about Rose Bud ? btt well you can bring he with you if you want but which bit do you want to bring ? 100 int . black guy car SOL they be get out . vinny well get down , the last thing we want he to see be three brother wear ski mask . 1.01 int . cafe btt and hand , cover in blood , walk off the street into a cafe . hand I gotta clean up . he go out the back while btt go to the pay phone to call Doug . 102 ext . STREET the black guy pile out of the car and follow btt and hand at a safe distance . 103 int . cafe btt be on the phone btt Doug , we be in the shit , come and pick we up . 104 ext . boris1 house Tommy and turkish pull up outside boris ' house . turkish he 's leave the door open . ( continued ) 104 continued : - tommy I should not think that 's a good idea . shall we have a look ? turkish I do not want to go in there , he 's a dangerous bastard , take too many disco biscuit in the heat of Russian disputation , he 's get as many of this nut as that nut . he grab he groin and circle he finger and he temple tommy I do not care if he 's get fuckin hazel nut , I want a gun that work . turkish well come on then before the Germans get here . 105 ext . cafe . . the black guy have follow btt and hand and be wait outside , readying themselves for action . . SOL ' . . now tyrone you go ... tyrone , oi tyrone . tyrone can not hear a thing . vinny I '11 never forgive you sol . sol tap tyrone on the shoulder . SOL when we get in you wait by the door I be number one , vin number two and you be number three . 106 int . cafe the black guy enter . btt have just finish he phone call and sit down . . -. SOL I do not want a fuss and I do not want to put a bullet in you face , but unless you give I exactly what I want there will be murder . btt shake he head in amazement . ( continued ) 106 continued : - SOL ( cont 'd ) number three pull the blind down . tyrone can not hear this request . vinny lo number three , he say pull the blind down . he still can not hear he . this be minorly embarrassing . vinny ( cont 'd ) I will sort it . . SOL stand up ! btt Excuse I , but who the fuck be you ? SOL you hear what .1 say ? stand up , unless you be crippled . btt do I look crippled ? , SOL you will look fuck dead , unless you stand up . sol cock the gun and tony pull a sarcastic ' I be shocked ' face . btt you get ballsl SOL you want to test they ? btt there be two type of ball , there be big brave ball and there be little mincy faggot ball . ' -- - * ' . - · ·p - wnny . you be a dead man talk . this be you last word so make they a prayer . vinny take aim . ( continued ) 106 continued : ( 2 ) btt . so you be obviously the big dick , and they on either side of you , must be you ball . vin go to hit he with the gun but it 's catch by tony , vin try to pull the nose out of tony 's hand but he can not move it . sol step forward and raise he gun . SOL let go of the gun . vinny cock he gun . there be a pause and eventually tony let go of it . btt I be talk for you benefit . now dick have drive , and clarity of vision . tony start to build himself a complicated look weapon under the table , unseen by the black guy . he take bit out of one sock and bit out of another sock . btt ( cont 'd ) but they be not clever , they smell pussy , and they want a piece of the action , and the dimmer the dick , the less he care about the consequence , and you think you smelt gooood ol pussy , and have bring you little mincy faggot ball along for a gooood ol time , but you have get you party muddle up , there be no pussy here , just a dose to make you wish you be bear a woman .. . . we cut to the shell shocked brother , and the almost completely build weapon . btt ( cont 'd ) and just like a prick , you be have second thought ; you be shrink , and you little ball be shrink with you . they stare on . the brother have lose this one and they know it . they start to reverse . btt let the odd chicken cluck out the corner of he mouth , vinny miss he step and wave he gun about in a futile effort to look mean . they back away into the corridor down to the back door of the cf . . . ae · 107 int . corridor -- continuous ... and just as they turn the corner they bump into hand still drying he hand , they can see that he 's carry a case that they recognize . the brother adapt to they new scenario : vinny pass it I . hand hesitates . 108 int . cafe .-- continuous btt can hear that the black guy and hand have run into each other and pull out the complicated look gun which be now in one piece . btt cock the gun and aim it at the wall which the brother would be behind , he follow the wall simulate the speed of they journey . 109 int . . corridor -- continuous .-.'-.. vinny I will not ask again he raise he gun . a covey of bullet perforate the wall , one hit vin in the hand . the brother take the opportunity to duck . hand dive for cover too and drop the bag . a continuation of bullet come fly through the wall . the black guy take the opportunity to pick the bag up and leg it . 110 int . caravan I am afraid that this scene have to wait until I have be to a irish traveler wake . i'll be about four minute long . if you have any irish relative that have died recently don 't hesitate to call . 111 int . brick top' pub the brother be stand in front of Brick top , they move uneasily from foot to foot . Brick top examine the stone . he look up . brick top quite a lump . alright you can go ' now . ' SOL any chance of take lincoln with we ? brick top that 's where errol 's take ya . ( continued ) Ill continued : they turn and errol be wait for they . errol follow I . they go out of one room into another , and errol shut the door behind they . vin look uncomfortable . another door be open and a man bring out lincoln . lincoln be in bad shape and be relieved to see familiar face , they be now shut in a room . SOL you alright lincoln ? errol do you know why the governor be the governor ? vinny err. . errol I t 's because people be scared of he . you know why they be scared of he ? SOL err . errol it 's because of storey . I be sure you have hear one or two of that storey . for example , do you hear about the three black fella that do a very bad thing , however they make some effort to redeem that very bad thing , so the governor see fit not to kill they . he think it would be a more advantageous concept to let they kill each other and let the survivor live to tell the tale . that way everybody win , well , all except the two that die of course . we look at the table where we see three large kitchen knife sit provocatively . tyrone rush for one of the blade grab it and run at vin , vin sidestep and tyrone keep run straight into the arm of errol who raise he gun at the last moment . tyrone slide the blade into errol 's rib and errol fire a shot straight at tyrone . the bullet pass through tyrone and hit John in the throat . vin , lincoln and sol be leave wonder what the fuck have just happen . ( continued ) 111 continued : ( 2 ) bad boy lincoln , grab it . SOL what ? vinny the gun you prick . sol go for one , and vin go for the other . 112 int . caravan , pikey campsite there be a wake in motion . we cut to micky and turkish . it be obvious that a lot of hard core drink have be go on , and there be a irish band play . the be a coffin in the middle of a caravan that be close for obvious reason i t ' 's surround by heavy look lad . the be a man dance on one of the table . this scene I shall be filling in shortly but I am afraid you have to wait till I have be to a irish wake . all as I know be that rather ironically they be fun . however I like juxtaposition of micky singing and crying simultaneously . 113 int . doug's office ' all three black guy be sit in front of btt and hand and Doug . there be silence as the white guy have just be tell something disturbing . btt eventually break the silence btt well you gotta admire they ball . hand _ I do not want to admire ball that I want to chop off . SOL what choice do we have ? vinny I know sorry do not mean fuck all , but we be game on , what do you want we to do ? · hand get we that stone back . btt so Brick top have now get the stone ? vinny he 's get it . ( continued ) 113 continued : hand you would not be lie to we would you now ? SOL why should we ? could just have disappear . cut to hand who 's think . hand okay . 114 int . brick top' pub btt and hand be at the bar . barman you get some front come round here be not ya tony ? btt never mind what I get , I be look for Brick top ? barman you mean Mr mclean . btt you know who I mean you fuck fringe now find he . pause : the barman look truculent . btt ( cont 'd ) chop chop . the barman walk down the end of a bar and pick up the phone . hand what be it you do exactly tony ? btt I have a little run in with a few of the chap . hand how ' 's that ? btt they be all brainless , they get white powder angel sit on they shoulder tell they what be what , all too busy . . . ( continued ) 114 continued : - he stick he finger by the side of he nose and inhale . btt ( cont 'd ) if they be not sniff the dust they where flick the ash . and never trust who put anything other than a finger up he nose . ken , another of Brick top 's man , appear from somewhere and approach tony with another heavy , sean . ken follow I . they do and end up in a corridor . the door .shut behind they and the door in front have not yet open . Ken turn around and face tony . ken ( cont 'd ) do you know that it be my cousin lorrie you stab ? there be a pause . the situation be volatile . btt yes I know I stab a man call lorrie , but no I do not know he be related to a tub a shit . Ken know it 's on . ken shut that door Sean . btt lock that fuckin door Sean . btt take a step forward and put he hand , into the back of he trousers . he start to growl . btt ( cont 'd ) you be a big man , but I do not care if you be ten foot fuckin tall , you still get eight pint of blood and you will bleed like any bastard . and . when . I drop .ya , and I will fuckin drop ya , I will open you up like a packet of crisp . pause to take in what have just be say then he continue . btt ( cont 'd ) you be a bully Ken , but remember , I be a bigger bully . ( continued ) 114 continued : ( 2 ) the door open and they be interrupt by another heavy . heavy fella ha , Ken what ' 's go on ? bring they through . the governor want to see they . Ken be relieved by the interruption , and he lead the way with a truculent " you be lucky " stare . they enter Brick top 's office . brick top I gotta say you have get some front come round here tone , you know the lad be pick straw . . . interrupted btt you gotta diamond and it do not belong to you , it belong to my colleague here . brick top that 's what I love about you tone , no small talk . btt I say we should come round and raise fuckin hell , you know shoot a few of the boy and that , but he say he think we would have more success if we pay for it . so I be go to have a drink and let you two discuss what you have to discuss . btt walk to the bar . Ken be sit there with Sean . btt ( cont 'd ) alright big man , I hope you be not bitter about you cousin lorrie . if you listen carefully , you will hear a slight zip of fly be undone . ken you know you be alright when they be be talk business , I ' d like to see you gob off outta here . btt · ohh do I a favour Ken , you have always be mouth and no trousers . ( continued ) 114 continued : ( - 3 ) we cut back to Brick top and hand hand - I 'l l pay for it , I will not pay you the top fuckin whack but you will never get that anyway . you get it ? brick top I can not sell you something I have not get now can I ? btt return to they - there be a scream from Ken ken you be a dead fuckin man . you listen to I tony you be a dead fuckin ... Brick top frown at Ken , and Ken shut up quickly . brick top what do you do to upset Ken , tony ? tony shrug ken he 's piss in my fuckin pocket , look ! Ken show off a wet-side jacket and a damp set of trousers . brick top do shut up Ken . that be a bit naughty tony . tony shrug . Brick top put he hand in to he pocket and withdraw the stone . we cut to Hand 's expression . hand well come on , let 's have a look . Brick top pass the stone to hand . all go quiet while everybody focus on the stone . hand lift it up to he eye . hand ( cont 'd ) what be you play at ? - he drop the stone : it smashes on the ground . hand ( cont 'd ) it 's a zirconia . we crash track in to Brick top 's expression of shock . 115 int . vault ( doug's office ) the four black guy be try to pick the lock of the vault , have be lock in it by bullet tooth , hand and Doug . vinny I change the stone . SOL you what ? vinny I change it . I know Brick top know nothing about stone . SOL yes but Doug the fuckin head do ! vinny yeah well I do not expect they to lock we up in here do I ? SOL ohh you one clever bastard vin , you really be . where be it ? vinny it 's at lincoln 's . bad boy lincoln what the fuck 's it do at my place ? vinny wait for we to pick it up . SOL what happen if they find that it 's a fake stone Vince ? vinny well we be go to get fuck sol what do you think be go to happen ? the door open . btt ohh yes you be go to get fuck Vince . - 116 int . dark . a distant voice be shouting turkish oi micky . oi micky . 117 ' int . van -- night we fade out of black to micky 's pov . thisis shot in slow motion . micky open he eye , in the backof . a large van , there be only one faint light that moodilyillumluminate he tired eye . turkish you feel alright micky ? micky I have feel better . turkish we be nearly there . they be a horrible bunch this lot micky so pay attention to what you be do . micky just yawn . turkish ( cont 'd ) put up some kind of a show , he 's a hard bastard this " good night " Anderson so do not get too clever , he use to be a pro . just keep move round the ring , and let the odd one go when push have come to shove . micky let 's get on with it , shall we ? 118 int . warehouse - ' a temporary ring have be erect , four scaffold post with weld on hoop make the arena , the rope that be thread through the hoop be industrial nylon and free of pad . around the rope it 's start to fill . Brick top approach Salt Pete and Jack ' the all see eye ' . salt , peter I hope we gonna get a better show this time . brick top this will make up for it . micky 's go down in the fourth . Terry over there be in charge of the bet . now you will have to forgive I . Brick top leave with Ken . brick top ( cont 'd ) have we get the lad at the- camp site ? ( continued ) 118 continued : ken yeah they be there . cut to a shot of some of Brick top 's heavies wait in a car outside the campsite . brick top where 's that fuckin pikey ? 119 int . back of warehouse Brick top be stand in front of micky whose eye be still semi open . brick top what 's wrong with you ? you stone ? be he fuckin stone ? turkish . - he 's like that before a fight . he turn he attention to micky . brick top now you know when you be go down ? turkish of course he know when he 's go down . ken hey fuck face , who 's speak to you ? he ask he do not he ? turkish fuck face ? I like that , I ' l l have to use that one next time - I want to impress you mum Ken . micky the fourth ... or be it the fifth .. brick top there 's a campsite full of piky that might not think you be so fuckin funny when they 'are put the flame out on they child 's back . cut to a shot of Brick top 's boy lighting a cigarette in the car outside the piky . 120 int . warehouse micky appear from a small door at the back of the warehouse . he approach the ring accompany with shout of encouragement and counter shout . he 's wear a pair of semi cut tracksuit bottom and a t-shirt with grease mark down the front . turkish walk behind he , micky still look bored . he climb into the ring . then from the same door as the one through micky come out walk a larger character with a nose that appear to have see countless round with a fry pan : horace ' good night1 anderson . the reff alright lad no eye gouging no bite . do you worst . back to you corner . we drift again into micky 's pov , he world be become more and more surreal . he can faintly hear turkish whisper word to he , but he 's not really listen . a bell come from somewhere , and micky instinctively walk to the center of the ring . " good night " be already there , they pace one another for a second or two , micky avoid a punch or two and then he take a hard one and he know it , we flash to white , micky 's in trouble : he let one of he missile go and bang it shake " good night " to he core , all go quiet . we go to super slow motion : he knee buckle and " good night " be in trouble . micky maintain a frown as he watch he opponent 's knee threaten to betray he . the crowd try to digest what be happen . after a period of silence reality dawns . Brick top mouth the word in silence . " do not go down you fucker " . the crowd want micky to finish the job . but common sense rein back the coup de grace . " good night " eventually regains control of he leg and stumble forward , after a few sleepy punch he start to provide a serious onslaught . turkish I do not like the look of this Tommy , bring the van up to the back door . this go on for two round ( which be montage down to a few second ) . we go in the mind of poor micky . we break the music just as it 's start to look dangerous ... the bell go and micky walk to the wrong corner . turkish pull he back to he corner . turkish ( cont 'd ) they be on ya . you get to hurt he micky . otherwise we be rumble .... you hear I micky ? do - something , it look like it ' 's rig . micky go out again he hand be low , bang there be a flash of white as micky go down in the dirt . Dust rise from where he fall . he get up quickly , he hand be still low , bang he go down again , in no time he 's up . ( continued ) 120 continued : - bang : he hit the ground again and this time when he hit the deck , he penetrate the dust cover floor , like i t ' 's make out of water . he fall through the water like he 's sink ; he eye be open and he can not breathe , he continue to fall , but he 's unpanick ( he be now micky 1 ) . when micky 1 look up he can see himself in the corner of the ring takin kidney punch from good night , he 's wind and only semi - conscious ( this be micky 2 ) . micky 1 make the effort to swim up and try to penetrate the floor but he 's stick he can not get through . micky 2 take more punishment in the ring , as micky 1 ' 's hand continue to try to break the underside of the floor but it stretch like rubber and force micky 1 down again . micky 1 look up again and see how much trouble micky 2 ' 's in the ring . micky 1 be panic now , he 's run out of oxygen and micky 2 's be beat , micky 1 start - to sink again but now flame tickle the bottom of he foot he look up . and see micky 2 be smashed to hell , he body eventually collapse and micky 2 fall through the floor . and as the latter fall through , micky 1 manage to rise from the depth and he punch manage to perforate the surface . the punch continue its trajectory and have the power to fall a red blooded rhino .... it catch " good night " on the jaw and it 's good night for " good night " it 's unlikely that he will awake in the next hour . dear oh dear everybody be in trouble . again we cut to the reaction of the relevant party . turkish ( cont 'd ) Tommy get the van . tommy I have it , it 's wait . turkish jump into the ring and grab micky . turkish we be off micky , hold tight , and move quickly . , turkish pull micky away . it 's not as hard as it might be try to get out , because the crowd seem to have find its own dispute , chair start to fly . Brick top 's boy be frustrated in the mayhem . Brick top calmly dial into he mobile telephone . it ring . 1 121 ext . caravan , pikey campsite Darren pick up the phone . daren . if you would you like to speak to you friend , you will have to speak a little - louder . ( continued ) 121 continued : we pull back to see four slump head in the car and blood stain the windscreen . Brick top calmly put the phone down . brick top right let get outta here . Brick top be look every which way and try to get out of there , accompany by Ken . brick top ( cont .'d ) where 's the car Ken ? ken I t ' 's come now . brick top we be outta here . they come out of a side entrance , they car pull round the corner and screech to a halt . Brick top open the door as he be about to get in , he 's eye widen to the size of saucer as four men ( who we recognize from the wake ) be sit in the place of he driver . they both have saw - off shotgun and empty four barrel into the chest of Brick top and Ken . the car spin away , leave they twitching body on the dirt . : 122 int . bad boy lincoln' house . hand , Doug and bullet tooth have vin , sol and bad Boy lincol in tow . they look at the front room of lincoln 's house . hand very nice lincoln . btt veeeery nice lincoln . btt ( cont 'd ) well where be it ? vinny next door . they open the door . 123 int . bad boy lincoln' sitting room . this room be a complete mess . all the colony leather have be chew up beyond recognition . they all grimace at the smell . the dog come run up ( continued ) 123 continued : - B ad boy lincoln look what you dog 's do to my leather . btt it 's a bit funky in here . btt open a window . the dog look extremely relieved to see someone . hand you keep a good house lincoln . so where 's this stone ? vinny it be over there . he point to a pile of chew up cushion . hand where ? vinny we leave it in a box over there ... somewhere . he walk over and find the remain of the box . vinny ( cont 'd ) I t ' 's empty . hand tony . btt dear oh dear . SOL he 's not fuckin about , we leave it there . it must be in the dog . all eye focus on the dog . hand well let 's have a look shall we ? . . . . tn . oy all eye focus on tony . btt what ? hand have a vlook in the dog . .· ( continued ) 123 continued : ( 2 ) BT T what do you mean have a look in the dog ? hand I mean open he up .. tony be not sure about this . btt I t ' 's not a fuckin tin of baked bean , what do you mean open he up ? hand I mean open he up . hand do a movement that represent a knife across the throat . btt that 's a bit strong be not it ? hand you would not have a problem if it be a person . btt but it 's not , it 's a dog and I have never do a dog . hand my heart bleed . there be another pause , btt what dp I do ? hand let I take a wild and reckless guess . stick a knife in he gut and see if it 's get a diamond in there ? I will hold it still and ' you open it up . tony look positively unsure and rock he head from side to side . btt fuckin hell , alright then . vinny you can not do that . ( continued ) 123 continued : ( - 3 ) hand well do it to you as well if it make you feel any better . cut to tony have some problem try to get hold of the awkward dog . the dog start to squeak . tony pass the blade to hand . btt I t ' 's squeaking . hand what , you have never hear a dog squeak before ?... hold he still . the dog be not sure about this either . vin be in a panic and suddenly . vinny stop ! I can see it . I can see the stone . hand at the point of entry stop . vinny hop over to the stone and pick it up . tony let the dog stand but keep a grip oh the collar . the dog be relieved to be semi-liberate . hand be still on he knee armed with a incredulous stare . hand well let 's see it . vinny hold it up . there 's a sense of relief . he then throw the stone , it cut through the air . and the dog see .another projectile run to intercept it . there 's a pause while all now focus again on the dog . this be digested literally and mentally . the dog recognize all the attention it 's receive . and go through the motion of swallow it . hand attempt a approach . the dog understandably feel uncomfortable about the advance vanguard and decide emergency action be need , and see the open window launch itself out of it . fade to black fade up 124 ext . caravan camp site ; the piky have move overnight . SOL well this be where they be . ( continued ) 124 continued : - hand well they be not fuckin here now be they ? and I can not see a dog can you ? vinny they can not be far . 125 int . car hand , btt and the black guy be back on the road . hand you gonna have to come up with something . just then they see some caravan in the distance . vinny there they be . 126 int . new caravan camp site all the caravan be fastened to the back of car . vinny , sol , btt and hand be stand in front of micky . micky well he 's do not come back to we . vinny but he always come back . micky well you might have notice that we have move , you should have feed he more , a dog will never leave you if you feed it properly . it be a good dog , he have a little flatulence problem but be a good dog . hand be you sure he 's not here ? micky I think I would have notice if a fuckin dog be sit in my caravan do not you ? Tommy , turkish , have you see a dog sit in I caravan ? turkish I can not say I have micky . micky see there you have it . ( continued ) 126 continued : hand do you mind if we have a look around ? micky what the fuck 's get into you lot ? it 's only a dog . I 'l l give you another one , if it mean that much to you . 127 ext . caravan camp site vinny , sol , btt and hand descend the step , they look like child with they toy take away . hand you better find I that dog , skinny vinny . one of micky 's kid be on the bottom of the caravan step as the brother walk by . . kid 1 I look after you car for ya . hand so ? kid 1 so be not you gonna pay I ? btt yeah bollock . kid 1 bollock to you , you tight git . vinny watch you mouth you cheeky shite . kid 1 yeah fuck ya . the kid turn away and go back to squeezing a toy . all four of the chap stop in they track . cut to shot of squeaky toy . we have see this toy before . cut to freeze frame of sol , vin , btt and hand stop dead in they .track . they have not turn to look over they shoulder yet , but they eye be turn to look . the end .