rev.97/09/08 20:12 " sneaker " Movie transcript typed by lo wang ( in the open title , the word be present as anagram which be reassemble , and then a few word be add to make the proper credit . here , the anagram be show in bracket ) universal picture present ( a turnip curse elvis ) ( a few astral clerk a lawrence lasker repel Newark ) walter f. parke production a phil alden Robinson Film ( blond Rhino spaniel ) ( Fort Red border ) Robert redford S N E a k E R S December , 1969 . ext . college . night . snow fall gently on the grounds . in the background , a dignify eighteenth - century classroom building be softly light by outdoor light . a single light , on the second floor , be still burn . the open credit continue to be assemble randomly , san anagram . Dan aykroyd Ben kingsley Mary mcdonnell River Phoenix sidney poitier David strathairn marty ( vo ) four six nine nine four zero two , transfer to five three zero one one three eight . int . computer room . the forty - column display be connect to the United States treasury Department , and show the transaction take place . $ 25,000 . cosmo what do we just do ? marty the Republican party just make a generous donation to the Black panther . the camera pan across the terminal , the dial telephone rest in the acoustic coupler modem . cosmo Far out ! marty right on . cosmo who 's next ? marty let 's see ... oooh ... marty shuffles through some printout . marty Richard Nixon 's personal cheque account be in here . the camera continue to pan around the late-sixty equipment in the room , look up to the huge nine - track tape drive . empty chinese food box litter the room - something that have not change among hacker in thirty year . cosmo ( with slight sarcasm ) ooo , this be a challenge . marty , we have to find somebody truly worthy to give he money to . how about ... the National Association to legalize marijuana . marty perfect ! cosmo now , how much should he give ? marty he 's a generous man . I would say ... all he 's get ! cosmo yeah ! cosmo think for a split second , and change he tone . cosmo marty , you be sure we will not get into trouble for this . marty cosmo ! trust I . ext . police car . night . Police officer drive slowly through the snow , and listen to instruction on the radio . int . computer room . cosmo posit . the phone company have too much money . marty oh , good one . cosmo consequence . marty uh , they be corrupt . result ? cosmo the system perpetuate itself at the expense of the people . conclusion ? marty ma Bell need to donate some money . cosmo we be go to change the world , marty . marty I just wish we could get course credit for this . he get up . marty gawsh ! you get it . you want some food ? cosmo swivel around , and hold out a coin . cosmo loser go . cosmo hide the coin in one of he hand , and make it look pretty obvious which one . he hold out both fist . marty I never lose ! he indicate cosmo 's leave hand . cosmo dramatically unfold it , revealing no coin . marty groan . cosmo chuckle . marty start to leave . cosmo pepperoni pizza , please . shaken , not stir . marty power to the people , cos . cosmo power to the people , marty . they both make half heart fist gesture . marty exit . cosmo one can not trust anybody this day . ext . college . night . marty emerge from the front door and walk off into the snowy night . he climb into he snow - encrust microbus , but it will not start . marty do not do this ! marty notice the flash red police light through the snow on he window . he roll down a window and watch as police and trenchcoate man pull up and run into the building . int . computer room . cosmo be work at the terminal . he hear a noise . he get up and walk across to the window . marty be down below , try to signal cosmo but it 's too late . the police grab cosmo and pull he away . cosmo marty ! marty ! wait ! wait ! cosmo struggle , kick out a window pane . marty run off into the night . the snow turn into static on a tv screen . int . sneaker van . present day ( 1992 ) . crease Martin ? Martin ? Donald crease be try to wake up a now - older marty Bishop . he shake he shoulder . crease Martin ? Martin ? Bishop wake up . crease it 's time . bishop how be we do ? crease Carl 's in position on the fire escape . mother 's in the cable vault . whistler be read . whistler read . in braille . a noise sound . whistler quickly put away what he be read . it 's the braille edition of playboy . whistler we be up ! bishop what 's with the lobby ? crease still just the one guard . whistler ( into he headset ) ok , mother , try the one come off the blue trunk . Bishop look out the van through binocular , across the street and into a building . a security guard look around . more noise sound . whistler mmmm , nope . try the one come off the white trunk , mother , this do not sound right . Bishop look down , to a manhole where mother be work . more tone sound . ext . manhole . whistler ( over headset ) no . mother they even get photo of the guy leave the embassy through the back service entrance . hey crease , you on ? int . sneaker van . crease yeah , I be on . mother be you still in CIA in ' 72 ? crease yep , why ? mother do you know the deputy director of plan be down in managua , Nicaragua the day before the earthquake ? crease ( annoyed ) now what be you say , the CIA cause the managua earthquake ? mother well , I can not prove it ... but ... crease hang up he mic . crease I can not talk to that guy . tone continue to sound . whistler hold on , mother , go back one . a tone we just hear sound again . whistler bingo ! ext . manhole . mother secure bridge clip . mother attaches the clip . mother prepare to sever master alarm circuit . five ... four ... int . security station . a lone security guard be watch television . a security panel in the distance briefly flash a red light , which the guard barely notice before it 's " green " again . he go on watch television . ext . STREET . night . Bishop and crease leave the van and run across the street . the building be a large bank . they reach the fire escape where Carl be station . crease Nice bank . bishop you would not believe what I have to go through just to get a safe deposit box . int . safe deposit BOX vault . the camera pan across dozen of box . there be a loud , ominous tick . box 589 begin smoking . int . security station . a alarm sound . the security guard be startle and knock the tv off the counter . int . FIRE escape door . Carl , Bishop , and crease enter the building through the fire escape . int . security station . the security guard frantically search through a procedure manual . int . bank floor . the three run down through the main customer lobby of the bank . Bishop fall try to jump the counter . crease help he up . bishop oh shit ! we be get too old for this . int . security station . the security guard get on the phone . security chief ( on phone ) lifeguard Security . security guard yeah , I get a fire at centurion Bank ! security chief yeah , we have get the alarm . be there any secondary indication ? smoke , or flame ? the security guard look around . security guard sm ... uh , no . security chief probably a false alarm . we have be get they in you area all night . see if it reset . security guard oh man , I do not know . int . bank electrical room . the three reach a small room and start look behind panel . they come to one with a lot of wire behind it . bishop you be sure you know which one to cut ? carl yes ! the alarm 's always the green one . he cut a wire . all the light go out . bishop good , Carl . int . security station . security guard hey , man , I be not wait any longer , I be call the fire ... the alarm abruptly stop . security guard oh . it uh ... stop . sorry . security chief hey , no problem . and , uh , son ... security guard Sir ? int . sneaker van . the " Security Chief " be actually whistler , back in the van ! whistler good work . security guard thank you , sir. whistler get back on the radio . whistler all yours , bish . crease be now hack at a bank terminal . Bishop look on . crease so . how much do you want ? int . bank . day . a teller carefully place ten-thousand dollar wad of money in a briefcase . teller eighty thousand . ninety thousand . one hundred thousand . bishop okay ! teller May I ask why you be close you account with we today , sir ? bishop well , I just have this weird feel that my money be not safe here anymore . Bishop walk off , past a security guard and up the stair and into a boardroom overlook the bank floor . several executive be wait for he . he put the briefcase down on the table and start dramatically slapping ten-thousand dollar wad of money down in front of they . bishop gentlemen , you communication line be vulnerable , you fire exit need to be monitor , you rent - a- cop be a tad undertrain . outside of that everything seem to be just fine . you will be get we full report and analysis in a few day but first , who 's get my cheque ? a few minute later . a cheque be carefully type out . secretary so , people hire you to break into they place to make sure no one can break into they place ? bishop it 's a live . secretary not a very good one . she give Bishop the cheque . bishop thank you . Bishop leave with he cheque . ext . STREET . day . two guy watch Bishop from a park car . guy be that he ? other guy oh yeah . it 's he . int . martin bishop & associate office . day . Carl hurriedly march across the room . bishop who 's get the report for the bank sneak ? mother I be go to type it up later . crease you be ? mother we have not pay the typist since January , so it 's either I or whistler . crease better whistler . carl we have get customer . bishop shoe ? carl expensive . bishop look busy , guy . Bishop straighten he tie and take off to the wait room . int . waiting room . gordon Mr. Bishop ! Dick Gordon . he and Bishop shake hand . bishop hi ! gordon ( indicate he associate ) buddy wallace . Bishop and wallace shake hand . bishop hi. wallace hi. gordon we have hear a lot of great thing about you . bishop they be all true ! Gordon laugh . bishop thanks , Carl . uh , gentleman , why do not we go to the conference room , and you can tell we how we can help you , huh ? gordon good ! they move to the conference room . Bishop motion for they to have a seat . bishop so , here uh ... gordon before we begin , uh , there 's something we would like to clear up . Bishop close the door . gordon most firm of this type be staff with ex - law enforcement type , but you team , it 's , uh ... Bishop smile and finish he sentence . bishop I know ... kind of different . wallace yes , you be . Bishop be catch off guard as wallace finally speak . wallace Darren roskow . also know as " mother " . the camera pan across to mother work on a inspecific piece of equipment . wallace continue . wallace eighteen month at dannemora for break and enter . bishop yeah , he be frame . he 's get the best hand in the business . wallace Carl arbogast . Age nineteen . caught break into the oakland City School District computer to change he grade . bishop I know ! we be the one who catch he ! wallace irwin Emery . also know as " whistler . " bishop yeah , yeah , I know . he have some little problem with the phone company . wallace sixty -two count ? bishop okay , you want law enforcement ? how about Donald crease ? twenty - two year veteran of the CIA . wallace terminate ! 1987 . why be that ? bishop I do not know , I think maybe a personality conflict . who be you guy ? gordon relax , marty ! we have to check on this thing , it 's just that everybody on you team have have some sort of problem in they past . wallace and then there 's Martin Bishop . a uncomfortably pregnant pause . finally wallace reveal a empty file folder . wallace he do not seem to have a past . bishop ah. sorry to waste you time , gentleman . I do not work for the government . gordon we know . Gordon walk up to Bishop and show he id . gordon National Security Agency . bishop ah . you be the guy I hear breathe on the other end of my phone . gordon no , that 's the FBI . we be not charter for domestic surveillance . bishop oh , I see . you just overthrow government . set up friendly dictator . gordon ( smile ) no , that 's the CIA . we protect we government 's communication , we try to break the other fella 's code . we be the good guy , marty . bishop gee , I can not tell you what a relief that be , Dick . wallace all right , that 's enough . let 's go . wallace and Gordon get up to leave . wallace leave immediately . gordon if you change you mind , call we at this number . Gordon hand Bishop a wrinkle scrap of paper with a number hastily scribble on it . he look Bishop straight in the eye . gordon Mr. brice . Bishop look up at he , surprised . Gordon look back , with a " no shit " look on he face . Gordon leave . Bishop unfold the paper . it 's a " want " poster for Martin brice - now Martin Bishop - with he picture from 1969 . ext . STREET . day . Martin Bishop park he car and cross the street . a panhandler get he attention . panhandler spare a quarter ? help I out ? the government 's take away my home . bishop ( indicate a election campaign poster on the wall behind ) talk to he ! Bishop toss he a coin . int . NSA office . wallace well ! if it be not Robin Hood . bishop you know , I could have join the NSA . but I find out my parent be marry ! wallace be visibly upset by this . Gordon stop he . gordon hey , heyheyhey , we be all friend here , alright ? easy , easy . ( to Bishop ) want some coffee or something ? bishop no . gordon buddy , be that janek 's file ? wallace put down a file folder and open it . wallace yeah . janek 's file . gordon this be a mathematician , name Dr. gunter janek . Works at a think tank call the coolidge Institute . specialize in large number theory , prime number , factore . bishop cryptography . gordon very good ! last month , the good doctor get a grant , three hundred eighty thousand dollar , way out of profile for a guy like that . it 's we job to be curious , so we trace the money . guess where it come from . bishop I know you be not go to say Russia . gordon yeah ! bishop huh . give I a break . we win , they lose , you know ? it 's be in a couple of papers . gordon yeah , we still spy on they , they still spy on we . wallace we intercept a fax last week . here . they be make some kind of box . ( he shrug ) a little black box . gordon the project be call " setec astronomy " ... we do not know what " setec " stand for ... bishop Security Technology ... gordon sensor techniques , who know . anyway it may mean nothing , or it may be something , we need to know . wallace and you job be to find that little black box and let we take a look at it . bishop yeah . no way . gordon sorry , marty , we do not have a lot of choice here . bishop do it yourself . wallace we can not ! bishop why not ? wallace by law , we be not allow or equip to do this kind of operation . bishop well , then get the FBI . wallace chuckle . wallace yeah , right . FBI . gordon the FBI can not work for we without approval from a congressional oversight committee . wallace we do not have the time . bishop so why I ? gordon frankly , because we ... Bishop cut he off . bishop frankly . gordon marty , sit down , please . Gordon and Bishop sit . gordon frankly , because it 's kind of illegal . you have manage to stay underground for more than twenty year , that tell we you know how not to get catch . wallace we know you can keep you mouth shut . gordon the job pay $ 175,000 , payable on delivery . wallace you can ... distribute it among the poor if you like . bishop pass . gordon we also clean up you record . quash the outstanding warrant for you arrest . wallace you pal cosmo get twelve year . that be without " Flight to evade prosecution . " gordon we all know what happen to he in there . Bishop pause uneasily . bishop and if I say no ? wallace do not say no . gordon what good would you do anybody in prison ? int . martin bishop & associate office . evening . crease I do not believe this . you lie to we all this year ! even lie to we about you name ! bishop sorry , okay ? I be sorry fella , I be sorry , but when you be want by the fed , you do not exactly go around tell everybody about it , okay ? crease we be not " everybody " , Martin , we be you partner , you tell we . bishop Fine . exactly why be it you have to leave the CIA ? with a foul look on he face , crease turn he back on Bishop . bishop we all have we little secret , do not we ? look , you guy have a decision to make . this be not a test , the penetration be live , the target be unaware . crease sneak a foreign intelligence service that might kill we to keep we out be not what we do . bishop the probable level of security be very low . but if you guy do not want to take that chance just to keep I out of jail , fine , I understand , I will do it . whistler well , bish , I can not speak for the other guy , but I be in it for the money , I do not care if you go to jail . carl I neither . I be in . mother uh ... could we maybe just go back to the " they might kill we " part ? bishop mother , if I think that be likely to happen , I would not bring this to you . but there be a risk ! whistler and it pay $ 175,000 ! mother I be in . crease you guy will be chalk outline without I . all right , what do we need ? crease low - fives whistler on he way back to the group . bishop all right , we start with a very light surveillance , level three , first sign of babysitter , we back off . now this guy 's give a lecture tomorrow at uc , in the afternoon , I be go to be there and check he out . okay ? any question ? no one have any question . bishop okay , let 's do it . everyone get up and start to go home . crease for the lecture , do you want to take whistler , or do you want I to go ? bishop uh , no , no , that 's okay , I think I would ask Liz . everyone stop in they track and turn around . Bishop notice after a few second and look up . ext . music conservatory . day . piano music play in the background . Children file across a grass quadrangle . int . music conservatory . Liz be supervise a young student , who be play brilliantly . the girl notice Bishop approach and stop . girl who 's this ? liz sort of a old friend . ( in a hammy teutonic accent ) practice ! practice , practice ! the girl giggle and leave . bishop hi. liz we be not get back together . bishop do I say anything ? liz you will . bishop I be here on business , Liz . she go around the room and start collect music from the rack . liz Bishop , you do not have a business . you have a club ! a boy 's club . you have a little club house , you probably have a secret handshake ... bishop Liz , I need you help . liz I will not be drag back into you world . I have a new group of gift child now and I like the fact that they be under thirty . Excuse I . bishop there 's a mathematician name gunter janek . you know he ? Liz be now shooing Bishop out the door . liz I have read he . now go away ! bishop well he 's give a master 's lecture at 3:30 ... now I ... liz how nice for he ! she shut the door , with Bishop behind . Bishop open the door and come back in . bishop I think I would buy you dinner after . liz I be not go out with you ! bishop this be not a date , dummy , this be a scientific exploration , a tutorial . I need you . Liz look at he doubtfully . bishop to explain it to I . liz read a book ! she start to go . bishop they have find I , Liz . she stop in she track . bishop the government find I . they offer I a deal . if I take they offer , they clear my record and I can get my name back . liz you and I be not get back together . bishop hey , do not flatter yourself ! liz pick I up at 3 . she leave . bishop yes ! int . lecture hall . gunter janek be give he lecture . he be cover with cryptographic and mathematical figure from a overhead projector . he exude confidence in he subject matter ; he clearly have a talent for put on a presentation . janek while the number field sieve be the best method currently know , there exist a intrigue possibility for a far more elegant approach ... Bishop and Liz watch as he continue he lecture . bishop this guy 's good . liz sh. janek ... and hence contain in a single cyclotomic field . use the arden map , we might introduce homomorphism for the principal order within each of this field ... bishop you see anybody ? liz sh. this be not just about large number theory , it 's about cryptography . bishop oh . you mean code ? liz I mean unbreakable code . janek ... it would be a breakthrough of gaussian proportion and allow we to acquire the solution in a dramatically more efficient manner . liz be you see anybody ? janek so far , no one have be able to accomplish such construction ... yet . later - int . reception hall . day . janek be now discuss he idea with attendee over a buffet table , with all the confidence and showmanship of he lecture . janek the number be so unbelievably big , that all the computer in the world could not break they down . but maybe ... just maybe ... there 's a shortcut . liz I will bet you anything he 's find it . if he have , you be in over you head . I will get my coat . she go to get she coat . someone else notice Bishop . greg Martin ! Bishop acknowledge . greg Martin , how wonderful to see you ! bishop hi , greg , how be you . greg be it not fabulous ? today I can , in public , come and learn you scientist ' new secret ! alas , I do not understand one bit what he be talk about . Bishop be visibly distract , but it 's phoney - he 's try to get greg to look the other way . greg do not , and notice Liz . greg at least ... goodness , can it be ? Elizabeth ! bishop oh yeah , right ... she 's die to talk to you too , greg . greg Excuse I . Elizabeth ... Elizabeth ! liz hello , greg ! greg Elizabeth and Martin . my heart leap like gazelle to see you back together again . greg help she with she coat . liz tell it to stop leaping , we be not back together . greg ah . oh , what a pity . wait , I have smash idea . Martin ! Martin ! Kiev string quartet play at the consulate on thursday night , you will be my guest ! bishop really , greg , I would not know how to repay you . greg ha ha . Martin , now that we country be such good friend , perhaps you will finally be able to do occasional favor for I ? liz gregor , you be shameless ! greg I will see you thursday night . greg hand Bishop a card - which he 's scribble something on . bishop what ... greg ah , new title . cultural attache . the card read : commonwealth of independent States Consulate General gregor ivanovich cultural attache ( 415 ) 707-4321 bishop unbelievable ! greg hmm . last few year it 's be very confusing for people in my line of work . bishop I will bet . greg excuse himself . liz I do not care what anyone say about the New World order . I do not trust that guy . bishop who , greg ? ah , he 's harmless . Bishop notice that a woman be whisper in janek 's ear . he stop play the crowd in mid-sentence . janek if you will excuse I , I have some work ... liz you be go to follow he , be not you ? bishop Liz , I ... liz it 's okay . I will get a cab . bishop can I call you ? liz just be careful . she leave . so do janek . ext . sneaker van . night . Bishop walk up to the van , which be on the top floor of a parkade across the street from the building the sneaker have stake out . he get in . bishop janek just get in the elevator . go up . carl we will be ready for he . bishop how 's the audio ? whistler good . mother 's pretty close . through binocular , Bishop see mother on a window - washer 's platform just under janek 's office . janek enter the office and turn on the light . crease he 's just wear four safety belt this time . bishop what , no parachute ? carl alrighty , entry and light on . whistler describe it . carl look like a work room . you get yourself a bench with a solder gun , two spool of wire and a magnify lamp . whistler huh . sound like they be make something . carl and a desk ... telephone ... lamp ... answer machine ... jar of pencil ... but no little black box . bishop it 's get to be there somewhere , what 's he do ? carl he 's log on the computer . Bishop now look through the camera . bishop oh , this be good . he 's go to type in he password , we be go to get a clear shot . a knock on janek 's door . janek answer . janek oh , Dr. rhyzkov . good evening . bishop let 's get a id on Dr. rhyzkov . she be with he at the lecture this afternoon and she be try to tell he something ... rhyzkov immediately start make a erotic move on janek ... she panting and moan re-engages the attention of the sneaker . rhyzkov oh , gunter ... let 's do what we do in Mexico City ... oh gunter ... bishop I do not know you could do that in Mexico City . carl Mr. Bishop , do you mind if I take a look ? bishop Carl ... crease grow up ! rhyzkov continue loudly panting and moan . crease tap on Bishop 's shoulder and whisper . crease let I see . Bishop grudgingly oblige . janek push she away . janek Elena , really ! I must finish my work . crease okay , back to work . bishop nope , here we go , now we be go to get we password . rhyzkov rub janek 's shoulder as he type in he password , inconveniently block the view . rhyzkov I leave message here on service but you do not call . janek I be sorry , really . bishop oh , get out of the way , get ou ... she 's in the way . rhyzkov start kissing janek 's neck , janek bend away , resisting . bishop I do not believe this . Bishop leave the camera in disgust . Carl leap to replace he . janek I be sorry , it 's just I have this work ... rhyzkov open she blouse , revealing a legendarily well - support pair . rhyzkov I will give you something to work , baby . this be too much for janek . janek okay , just for a little while . janek take off he jacket and they kiss . she close the blind . the blind crumple as janek throw she against they . rhyzkov oh , gunter ! bishop what 's go on ? carl oh , nothing . int . martin bishop & associate office . the scene we just witness be now be replay on video . mother maybe there 's a frame or two where she do not block it . I will blow it up . bishop who 's risekoff ? crease ( correct Bishop 's pronunciation ) Doctor Elena reeshkov. visit professor from Czechoslovakia . senior research fellow in astrophysics . bishop bingo . crease setec astronomy . whatever that be . meanwhile , mother blow up the video image as best he can . it 's a close up of janek enter he password , with rhyzkov partially in the way . mother there . bishop w..g.. carl look like the H. mother where do you get h? carl right there next to the L. bishop come on , come on , do it again . mother h be not next to the L. carl then j! bishop guy , do it again ! mother rewind . mother ok , that 's definitely W G. crease defintely not . that 's a V. bishop ( give up ) she 's in the way . whistler fellas , janek 's little black box be on he desk between the pencil jar and the lamp . mother uh , whistler , I hate to tell you this , but you be blind . whistler play the tape back again . mother you can not even see anything ! whistler do not look , listen ! whistler strike a tuning fork . bishop play it back . rhyzkov ( on tape ) I leave message here on service but you do not ... bishop he 's get a service . they zoom in on the answer machine . whistler what 's he need a answer machine for ? mother there 's we little black box . int . sneaker van . day . Bishop be be fitte with a hide microphone and earpiece . mother okay , boss . this ltx - 71 concealable mic be part of the same system that NASA use when they fake the Apollo moon landing . the astronaut broadcast around the world from a soundstage at norton Air Force base in San bernardino , California , so if it work for they , it should not give we too many problem . bishop thanks . int . coolidge institute lobby . Carl , pose as a delivery driver , be quietly argue with the desk clerk . Bishop interrupt . bishop hey . do my wife drop the cake off for I ? clerk uh , what cake ? there 's no cake back here . bishop surprise party for Marsha on the second floor . she be suppose to have drop a cake off . clerk I do not know anything about it . a horn honk outside . bishop there she be , late as usual . Bishop hurry outside . the clerk continue argue with Carl . carl well it state right here very clearly that I be to deliver 36 box of liquid drano to this here address . clerk look , I do not care what that say . if you be not on the list , you can not get in . carl I might lose my job . clerk that 's not my problem , kid . Bishop return with a large box and many colorful balloon . he stand at a security gate beside the front desk . bishop could you buzz I in ? the clerk be too busy argue with Carl . he wave Bishop off . bishop hey just buzz it , I can not reach my card . clerk wait one minute ... the clerk go on argue with Carl . bishop buzz it , okay ? we be late for a party on the second floor . Bishop , get nowhere , raise he voice . bishop push the goddamn buzzer , will ya ? the clerk buzze Bishop in . Bishop step through the gate . bishop thanks . int . coolidge institute hallway . Bishop emerge from the elevator . he discard the balloon and pull he briefcase out of the cake box - there 's no cake . he reach janek 's office door . it have a digital keypad lock . bishop ( into he hide microphone ) anybody remember how to defeat a electronic keypad ? int . sneaker van . whistler uh oh . crease do not even joke about that , Martin . that thing be impossible . bishop think I be joke ? look like they just put it in . crease oh boy ! mother here , maybe this might help . a old buddy of mine that be in Desert Storm send it to I . of course , he be on the other side . he hand crease a manual . bishop ( over radio ) come on , crease , there 's get to be a way around this thing ! crease all right , all right . this might work . int . coolidge institute hallway . Bishop listen carefully to crease 's detailed and lengthy instruction . bishop yeah ... yeah ... above ... yeah ... right ... uh huh ... uh huh ... yeah ... right ... yeah ... okay . I will give it a shot . Bishop kick the door open with one good boot . bishop that work . Bishop enter the office . he look out the window to see the van park across the street on the parkade . he go to the answer machine , and open it up . there , inside , be the Little Black box . he put the entire thing in he briefcase . bishop get it . suddenly , Dr. rhyzkov enter the room and turn on the light . rhyzkov gunter ? she see Bishop . bishop oh God , no . hi , nice to see you . rhyzkov the lab be close . Excuse I , I ... Bishop shut the door . he grab she and put he hand over she mouth so she can not scream . the sneaker she she muffle cry over the radio . int . sneaker van . crease what the hell be that ? mother Battle station ! crease whistler , monitor the audio . grab the mic . int . janek' lab . bishop okay . I be go to remove my hand , now please do not scream . I promise nothing be go to happen to you . he remove he hand , she run across the room . rhyzkov who ... who be you ? Bishop do not know what to say . crease he 's a p.i. whistler ( over radio ) you be a private investigator . bishop I be a private investigator . rhyzkov but why ? who hire you ? Bishop still do not have a answer . bishop huh ? rhyzkov who hire you ? bishop Mrs. janek . rhyzkov there be not Mrs. janek ! crease be become exasperate . crease ugh ! bishop yeah ? whistler ( over radio ) you get we stump . bishop oh yeah ? who do you think pay for you little love jaunt to Mexico City ? rhyzkov be utterly horrify . whistler ( over radio ) that be good . bishop velma . velma janek . she life in montreal where she handle she family 's real estate holding . vast real estate holding . Farms , bank , shopping mall . two shopping mall . she support gunter but figure he be cheating on she and that 's why she hire I . rhyzkov bastard liar ! she utter a few Czech swearword and start for the door . rhyzkov I will kill he ... Bishop stop she . bishop nonononono , get a hold of yourself , Dr. rhyzkov . get a hold of yourself ! mm mm ! now what you gotta do be you gotta not tell he you know . rhyzkov ha ! bishop no , you be not here , we do not talk . you do not know I . you do not know anything about a wife . rhyzkov oh ! you just give I one good reason why ! bishop alright , I will give you a reason . no answer from the sneaker . bishop I will give you a really good reason . crease ( to whistler ) it 's just what she would want you to do . whistler ( over radio ) it 's just what she would want you to do . bishop it 's just what she would want you to do . rhyzkov I do not understand . bishop yeah , sometimes I do not understand myself . he sit she down . bishop here , look , I might lose my license for this . my client be a vindictive , bitter woman . she 's be withhold marital favor from gunter for many many year , and now she 's out to ruin he . whistler ( over radio ) and she 's use you to get to she . bishop and she 's use y... uh , I ... to get to h... you . I know that 's confusing , but do not you see what 's happen here , you and I , we be just pawn in this ugly little game . crease ( to whistler ) if you love he ... whistler ( over radio ) if you love he ... bishop if you love he ... Bishop look confuse . nothing else be come over the radio . bishop if you really love he , then just keep on loving he , and never let he know that you know what he think you do not know , you know . you know ? whistler ( over radio ) and give he head whenever he want . crease crack up . bishop and give he he ... ( suddenly get it ) help . be a beacon in he sad and lonely life . can you do that for gunter ? rhyzkov ( sobbing ) yes , yes , I can . I can . bishop okay . now get out of here . rhyzkov kiss he on the cheek and leave , sobbing quietly . bishop ( over radio ) give he head ? whistler be a beacon ? they crack up laugh . int . martin bishop & associate . night . the office be light up as if for Christmas . the guy be party and celebrate . Don crease have bring he wife and young daughter . Liz dance with all the sneaker . include whistler . except Bishop . mother be boring Mrs. crease with one of he conspiracy storey . mother but the key meeting take place July 1 , 1958 , when the Air Force bring the space visitor to the White House for a interview with President eisenhower . and ike say , hey , look , give we you technology , and we will give you all the cow lip you want . so that 's when ... crease honey , do not listen to this man . he 's certifiable . mother you husband know about cattle mutilation , he 's ex -cia ! crease he 's touch ! mother he know the government 's be suppress for year . now at a banquet table , Carl have just finish hearing the story of marty and cosmo 's exploit in the 60' . carl one thing I do not get , though , be you and cosmo be take all this chance , all this big chance , I mean , what for ? bishop we be young . and there be a war on . it be a good way to meet girl . liz I will bet . mother how come you do not get catch ? bishop I go out for pizza . then I go to Canada . I be lucky , he be not . whistler do he ever forgive you ? bishop I hope so . he die in prison . a somber silence . bishop so , what be you guy go to do with you share of the money ? Don ? crease well , we have never be to Europe , together , and we be go . Madrid , Lisbon ... mrs . crease athen , oh and Scotland ... crease and tahiti .. mrs . crease oh , yes ! bishop mother ? mother well , you know , I have never actually have a really cool car that I could fit comfortably into . so I think I be go to buy I a winnebago . with a big kitchen ... waterbed ... big kitchen ... bishop Carl ? Carl have be inhale helium . carl ( in helium voice ) I would like to have a deep relationship with a beautiful woman who melt from the very first time we eye meet . everyone laugh . bishop we be not get pay that much , Carl . carl well you know , someone like Liz . bishop you be definitely not get pay that much . everyone oooohs . mrs . crease uh oh . Liz just tap Bishop . bishop whistler ? whistler uh , peace on earth , good will toward man . mother right on . whistler ( indicate crease 's daughter ) and woman . bishop hear hear . later . some of the sneaker be play scrabble . Bishop add " S " and " y " to " crunch " . liz that 's not a word ! bishop yes it be . liz scrunchy . bishop yeah ! liz scrunchy 's not a word . scrunchy be not a word . bishop ( in unison with Liz ) scrunchy . scrunchy be a word . liz since when ? bishop you know what happen to you face ? liz oh , please . it 's not a word ! bishop right now you face be scrunchy . you be scrunchy , so that be a word . crease all right , we be gonna take it as a word for the time be ... meanwhile , whistler be examine ( as best a blind person can ) the little black box . whistler Carl ! carl yes ? whistler what do it say where this be ? carl hold on a second here . Carl turn on a magnify lamp . carl " system out . " crease notice what they be do . crease guy , I really think you should leave that thing alone . whistler yeah , I know . I just want to see something , do not worry , Don . ( to Carl ) how do you spell setec ? carl s.e.t.e.c. setec. ( he think ) special ... extraterrestrial ? whistler earthling counter . carl boo ! meanwhile , Liz be tell a story over the scrabble game , and Bishop be ponder over the letter . apparently it 's he turn . bishop setec ... liz what ? bishop setec astronomy . liz I just love it when a man say that to I . bishop setec do not mean anything . Excuse I . he pour the scrabble piece onto the table and put aside the board . he form the word " setec astronomy " from scrabble piece . then he start make anagram from that letter . meanwhile , Carl and whistler be poring intently over the Little Black box . whistler hmm . Carl ... get I some cable ... and a i/o interface please . Carl oblige . meanwhile , Bishop have come up with the anagram : monterey coast bishop monterey Coast . do monterey Coast mean anything , you guy ? carl no . whistler no . whistler keep work . whistler Carl .... get the diagnostics . Liz and Bishop find another : my socrates note . liz how about " my socrate note ? " carl no . mother uh-uh . they find another : cootys rat semen bishop no , I ... liz no. no. mother probe different part of the little black box with a test probe , and whistler 's braille Terminal give he a rapid readout . whistler uh huh . get it . move to another one . the scrabble letter start resolve into : too whistler mmm hmm . give I another one . whistler 's braille Terminal rattles away . whistler stay in that quadrant . the scrabble letter now say too many whistler it 's kind of like the same thing . try another quadrant . something come up on the monitor . whistler whoa . what be that ? go back one . mother all right . the monitor fill with data . whistler Holy cow ! what the hell be this ? data stream across the screen . now the scrabble letter say , too many secret bishop too many secret . whistler bish , I think you would better come over here . Carl , you get you little black book ? carl yes . whistler give I the number for something impossible to access . carl what about this : Federal Reserve transfer node , culpepper Virginia . mother yeah , sure , good luck . carl 900 billion a day go through there . whistler that will do . punch it in . carl okay . you will not get in . it 's encrypt . encrypt text fill the screen . carl see ? whistler mother , that last contact . the encrypt text slowly resolve into plain text . whistler look at this , boy . anybody want to shut down the Federal Reserve ? crease hey , hey hey , do not screw around with that thing . you ... Bishop stop he . whistler what else have you get ? carl the national power grid . whistler chuckle . carl okay ! whistler here we come ... mother ? mother probe . this time a power grid map of the northeastern United States appear . mother wow ... unbelievable ! whistler anybody want to black out New England ? Carl , what else ? carl Air traffic Control system . whistler hmm . the scramble data come back . whistler okay , mother . mother probe the box . a Air traffic Control map of the Bay Area come up . liz oh my God . crease how be this possible ? whistler crytpography system be base on mathematical problem so complex they can not be solve without a key . liz janek must have figure out a way to solve that problem without the key , and he hard wire it into that chip . crease turn it off . whistler anybody want to crash a couple of passenger jet ? crease I say turn it off ! bishop turn it off ! Bishop turn it off . carl so it 's a code breaker . bishop no . it 's the code breaker . no more secret . crease honey , you and Melissa get you thing . a minute later . crease show he wife and sleep child to the door . mrs . crease night-night . crease night-night . he shut the door behind they . crease what time be the handoff ? bishop nine . am . crease well , between now and then we be go to institute some security around here . crease look for he long - disus sidearm . he strap it on . liz ooo oo oo , this be where I get off . Nice to see you again , guy . I be out of here . she start to leave , but crease stop she . crease do not take this personally , Liz , but you be the only one who know Martin 's secret , and somebody talk . so make yourself comfortable , we be all stay right here tonight . liz ( in she most forcefully calm cadence ) no. I be get my bag . and I be leave . so relax , crease . crease stop she again . crease I will relax when we get that damn thing out of here . until then , you stay . bishop what ? crease ( to Bishop ) there be not a government on this planet that would not kill we all for that thing . Bishop get up and walk over to Liz to break the bad news to she . bishop sorry . liz I see . bishop Carl ? hit the alarm . whistler , let 's unplug that thing . crease ( over Bishop ) mother , lock everything down . Doors and window . then kill the light . mother you bet . liz thank you for the trust , fellow . time pass . Bishop pace . crease load he revolver . the other sleep . fade to black . int . martin bishop & associate office . the next morning . liz I really enjoy sleep with all you guy . take care . the guy all say goodbye . Bishop help she with she coat . liz I hope the handoff go well . I would hate for you to have something new to run from . she leave . crease Martin ? it 's time . bishop yeah . he pack up the box . ext . STREET . day . Bishop park he car on a street by the Bay , in the shadow of the Golden Gate Bridge . wallace and Gordon be wait for he at a sidewalk cafe table . crease wait at the car . gordon ' Morning ! bishop hi. gordon any problem ? bishop nope . gordon want a cappucino ? bishop no . Bishop hand over the box . Gordon and wallace look inside . Gordon smile broadly . meanwhile , crease notice something on the front page of the newspaper : mathematician kill . murder , arson suspected . the face in the picture be janek 's . crease realize something horrible . ominous music start . gordon get he cheque ? wallace open a briefcase . crease ( from the car ) hey , Martin ! telephone ! he wave a cellphone dramatically . bishop just a minute ! crease it 's you mother . Bishop look back at Gordon and wallace , whose smile have disappear . bishop she 's , uh ... she 's old . Excuse I . he go back to the car without the box or any cheque . crease get in the car . bishop what ? crease ( emphatically ) get in the car ! bishop I do not get the money ! Gordon start after he . crease now ! they get in the car and drive off like a shot . bishop what the hell be you do ? I do not get the money ! crease janek 's dead . bishop they kill he ! crease the NSA do not kill people , Martin . who be they ? bishop you say it last night , there be not a government on earth that would not kill for that thing . crease not ours ! who be that guy ? bishop there 's one way to find out . he hang a star- war leave turn , cut off another driver . they arrive at the building where wallace and Gordon 's office be . " be " be the proper word : it have be demolish . a panhandler approach the car , cup hold out . panhandler they take away my home . help I out ? the government take away my home . bishop my God ! int . martin bishop & associate office . raining . Bishop look dejectedly out the window to the rainy city . behind he , crease pace busily . he 's on the phone . crease do not tell I you can not do it , because I know you can . and do not tell I you will not do it because I have get to have it . damnit , I need to know ! and I need to know now ! mother hey , guy , interesting . that federal building ? it 's be schedule for demolition since August . it house the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Agriculture . it 's be vacant for a month . carl the NSA never have a office in San Francisco ! they West Coast operation be run out of Los Angeles ! crease oh God . yeah , thanks . ( he click the phone off ) janek 's grant be from the NSA . he throw the phone across the room and bear down on Bishop . crease how could you be so goddamn stupid ? two guy show up , say they be government and you just buy it . whistler they probably be government . just not ours . Bishop look at the card greg give he after the lecture and ponder whether to call he . bishop everybody pack up whatever you can . this place be not safe . Bishop go to he desk and get a 38 special . crease what do you think you be do ? bishop I be go to a concert . int . c.i.s. consulate . the string quartet play masterfully to a intimate , formally dress audience . greg have a lovely young date with he . Bishop sneak up behind greg and poke the revolver into he shoulder . bishop ( whisper ) keep smile . greg Martin , have you lose you mind ? bishop Excuse yourself . greg ( to he date ) my darling , would you excuse I for a moment ? they leave . int . underground swimming pool . bishop give I back janek 's box , greg . greg Martin , I do not have it . now , you must believe I . bishop no . you use I , you set I up , greg , no I do not believe you . greg we have nothing to do with this janek business . not for lack of try , mind you . you code be entirely different from ours . we have never have any luck in break they . so Lord know I want that box . but we do not take it . Bishop put the gun away . bishop then who do ? greg what I will tell you now I can not tell you in this building . do you understand ? come . he start back up the stair . Bishop do not . greg Martin . you must trust I . int . limousine . greg be show Bishop a spy scrapbook . greg him ? bishop no . greg flip the page . greg him ? bishop no . greg say something in Russian to he driver and flip again . greg him ? bishop no . greg put the book away . greg I be afraid this book be not as current as they use to be . bishop you guy still keep tabs on all we agent , huh ? greg this be just the one we think we could turn . you know , sexual problem ... financial trouble ... then we have financial trouble . by now greg be flipping through another book . Bishop stop he . bishop that 's he . the older guy . the picture be a clear profile of buddy wallace . greg a loathsome man name buddy DeVries . a.k.a. buddy weber , buddy wallace ... bishop wallace . that 's he . greg hm . we try to recruit he in ' 83 . drink problem , marry three time . Left the NSA four year ago ... oh my . greg abruptly slam the book close . he be as white as a sheet . bishop what ? greg just look grim . greg you disappear once before , my friend . I suggest you do it again . bishop why ? who 's he work for ? a police siren sound behind they . greg you FBI be such a pain in the ass . he say something in Russian to the driver . bishop who 's he work for ? the car pull over . greg Martin , I can offer you asylum inside this car . technically it 's part of the consulate . do you wish we protection ? bishop what ? who be wallace work for ? someone tap on the window . it roll down . FBI agent Mr. Bishop ? my name be special agent vestrop , FBI . please , step out of the vehicle . greg do you wish we protection ? FBI agent Mr. Bishop , get out of the vehicle now . Bishop start to get out . greg you will not know who to trust . Bishop exit the car . it turn out that they be in a tunnel . 2nd FBI agent Mr. Bishop , step over here please . hand on the wall , sir . Bishop comply . the agent frisk he , and find Bishop 's handgun . we notice that the agent be wear glove ... FBI agent be this load ? bishop yes . the agent put on a glove , take Bishop 's gun from the other agent , aim it into the car , and execute greg. greg 's driver get out of the car and run for it , and he be shot in the back . he slowly turn around and carefully leave the weapon on the ground . FBI agent too many secret ! buddy wallace emerge from the " FBI " car and knock Bishop unconscious with a single blow . fade to black . int . auto trunk . ( trivia nut : the car 's license plate be California 2eak042 ) Bishop regains consciousness in the trunk of a car . a recur noise be hear . he strike a match so he can see . he squirm around to no avail . he hear other noise and just lie there . finally the car stop , and someone get out . the trunk open , and buddy wallace be shine a flashlight in Bishop 's face . bishop oh , shit . wallace what be you do up ? wallace knock he out again . int . cosmo' office . Bishop regains consciousness in a ultra-modern , well - appoint office suite . with a aquarium full of exotic fish , and a cray supercomputer cosmo be wait in the shadow . cosmo pain ? bishop yeah . cosmo step out of the shadow , so that he feature can be discern . cosmo try aspirin . cosmo offer he a small jar of pill . he hide the jar in one of he hand , in the same magician 's style that he hide that coin all that year ago . bishop cosmo ! cosmo reveal the jar . cosmo I be sorry if he hurt you . I be afraid wallace do not like you very much . bishop yeah . you ought to have that guy check for raby . cosmo rabies occur only in warm - blooded animal . anyway , I could not have you talk to the Russians . five year ago , yes , we could trust they not to go run to the FBI , or if they do , we could trust the FBI not to believe they ; today ... we can not trust anybody . bishop what the hell 's go on here ? cosmo , what ... what happen ? cosmo the world change on we , marty . and without we help . bishop what happen ? cosmo smile and motion to get up . both do . cosmo there I be in prison , and , one day I help a couple of nice older gentleman make some free telephone call . they turn out to be ... let we say " good family man " . bishop organize crime ? cosmo heh . do not kid yourself . it 's not that organize . anyway , they arrange for I to get a early release from my " unfortunate incarceration " and I begin to perform a variety of service . cosmo turn on a large monitor . cosmo ( continue ) for starter , I re-organize they entire financial operation . budget , payroll , money launder , you name it . cosmo demonstrate with a computer spreadsheet . cosmo ( continue ) and the whole network be protect by a very powerful encryption system , so the government cannot read it . bishop but if the fed get janek 's box ... cosmo switch off the screen . cosmo disaster ! therefore , we must have it . bishop to protect the organization . cosmo ( hesitantly ) yes . bishop no . I do not buy it . I know you . cosmo grin . cosmo God , it 's good to see you . cosmo silently put he finger to he mouth , " shhh " , and look to the cieling . he motion Bishop toward the cray supercomputer 's air-condition glass compartment . as they walk over to the cray , cosmo start whisper . cosmo remember how to change the world , marty ? remember ? do you ever get around to actually do it ? no ? I guess not . well , I think I can . they enter the cray compartment . bishop really ? cosmo yes . cosmo continue aloud . cosmo what 's wrong with this country , marty ? Bishop just look dumb . both man sit down on the cray 's padded " seat " . cosmo money . you teach I that . evil defense contractor have it , noble cause do not . politician be buy and sell like so much chattel . we problem multiply . pollution , crime , drug , poverty , disease , hunger , despair ; we throw gob of money at they ! the problem always get worse . why be that ? because money 's most powerful ability be to allow bad people to continue do bad thing at the expense of that who do not have it . bishop I agree . now who do you say you be work for ? cosmo oh , that 's just my day job . listen , when I be in prison , I learn that everything in this world , include money , operate not on reality ... bishop ... but the perception of reality . cosmo smile broadly , sense the old college banter come back . cosmo posit . people think a bank might be financially shaky . bishop consequence . people start to withdraw they money . cosmo result . pretty soon it be financially shaky . bishop conclusion . you can make bank fail . cosmo bzzzt ! I have already do that . maybe you have read about a few ? Bishop put on a " no shit ? " look . cosmo think bigger . bishop stock market ? cosmo yes . bishop currency market . cosmo yes . bishop commodity market . cosmo yes . bishop small country ? cosmo nod . cosmo I might even be able to crash the whole damned system . destroy all record of ownership . think of it , marty . no more rich people , no more poor people , everbody 's the same , be not that what we say we always want ? bishop cos , you have not go crazy on I , have you ? cosmo who else be go to change the world , marty ? greenpeace ? Bishop laugh . bishop you be crazy ! a disappointed cosmo briskly leave the compartment . cosmo tomorrow , they will retrieve you fingerprint from the gun that kill the Russian consular officer . the follow day , that print will be run through a FBI computer . cosmo tap on a keyboard . cosmo they will come up with a name . cosmo start enter Bishop 's real name , Martin brice , into a FBI computer record . cosmo Martin brice ! my old and good friend who promise I we would not get in trouble and who I might add , do not . and then they will check this database in Washington , D.C. , which I be now able to access , thanks to you . now a screenful of random junk resolve into a login screen . cosmo ( continue ) of course , no one know where Martin brice be , today . but what if this indicate a alias ? cosmo type " Martin Bishop " into a " known aliase : " field , overtyp " none " . Bishop be shake . bishop do not ... do not do it , cos . cosmo pain ? Bishop nod . cosmo try prison . cosmo hit " enter " and then " information update " appear in red on the screen . Bishop slump . cosmo ciao . buddy wallace come up behind Bishop . bishop oh no , not the head . Dick Gordon be now also behind Bishop . gordon just relax . Gordon put Bishop in a headlock . cosmo no more secret , marty . ext . san francisco STREET . dawn . it 's dawn atop one of San Francisco 's famous slope . alcatraz Island lie in the distance . a black car crest the hill and screech to a halt . Martin Bishop be throw , half conscious , onto the street , and then the car take off . he painfully get up , find he bearing , and walk away . int . apartment build . Bishop knock on the door of apartment 4b . int . liz' apartment . Liz , wear a bathrobe , answer the door . she gasp at Bishop 's condition . bishop I have have a bad night . liz really . you look terrific . bishop you look awful . Liz , who be not wear any makeup and look like she 's just get out of bed , nevertheless look stun as always . liz well , I should think so , consider what I have be through . bishop what happen ? liz you tell I . they go to she bathroom . bishop oh , you get hit over the head twice and get throw out of a speed car ? liz no. here , let I do this . she clean up the cut to he head . it sting . bishop I be sorry . liz it 's okay . I understand . Bishop look she in the eye . bishop I be sorry . they embrace mournfully . liz the paper say that greg be kill . I call you number and someone else answer . I do not recognize the voice . bishop I can not do this alone , Liz . liz I be here . Bishop make a phone call . bishop ( into phone ) we have to meet . liz' apartment . later . a television news show go in - depth about greg 's murder . anchor the FBI say the fingerprint find in the embassy car match that take from the office of a government researcher find murder earlier this week in palo Alto . the connection be make after a Bay Area radio station receive a anonymous tip link the two killing . bishop yeah , I will bet it be anonymous . he turn off the tv . bishop Son of a bitch ! crease all right , it 's time we call the authority . mother oh yeah . great . now that we be accessory to espionage and murder . crease all the more reason to turn ourselves in now , while we can still cut a deal ! mother with what ? we get bupkus ! we turn ourselves in now , they will give we twenty year in the electric chair ! crease you think I like it ? goddamnit , I have get a family ! but we have no other choice . bishop yes , we do . we make the call , but we make it we way . unload the van . a few minute later . the sneaker be turn Liz 's apartment into a electronic command center . she meekly hold the door . carl thanks . Nice apartment . a few more minute later . a map of the world be display on a computer screen . line start form between different point . whistler I be go to bounce this call through nine different relay station throughout the world and off two satellite . it will be the hardest trace they have ever hear . mother proudly show off a impressive - look pen register machine . mother this will measure stress in the voice of the person on the other end of the line . not as accurate as a polygraph , but for today 's purpose it will do . it become apparent that we have see whistler and mother 's little presentation through Liz 's eye . liz unbelievable . bishop let 's do it . Bishop place Liz 's phone handset in a acoustic coupler and dial . operator Fort meade , maryland . good afternoon . crease ( whisper ) try director of op . bishop uhm , National Security Agency , director of operation please . operator what extension , please ? bishop uhm , sorry , I forget the number . uh , could I please have director of operation ? it 's very important . operator what extension , please ? crease ( whisper ) try research . bishop give I research . it 's a emergency . operator I need a extension or a name . bishop setec astronomy . the operator be silent for a few second . her tone of voice change dramatically . operator one moment , please . a link on whistler 's phone connection display blink . weird noise in he headset signal he . whistler they have start the trace . a deep -voice man come on the line . abbott ( on phone ) who be this , please ? bishop it 's my dime , I will ask the question . who be you ? abbott well , let 's say my name be ... Mr. abbott . mother 's lie-detecting pen register waver a little . mother ( whisper ) true . whistler they have make the second leg ! another link on whistler 's display blink . bishop Mr. abbott , be you interested in setec astronomy ? abbott I be interested in all kind of astronomy . mother 's pen register wiggle a little bit . mother ( nodd ) yup . bishop cute . whistler they have get the satellite and Tokyo . this guy be good ! bishop I need to know if you be someone who can make a deal . abbott go on . bishop can you deal ? abbott yes ! mother and carl ( in unison ) true . another link on whistler 's display blink . whistler they be across transcom , you have get about twenty second , bish ! bishop if I come in with what I know , can you guarantee my safety ? abbott do you have the item ? crease shake he head and mouth " no . " bishop no . whistler Fifteen second ! bishop can you guarantee my safety ? abbott where be the item ? bishop can you guarantee my safety ? whistler five second ! abbott yes , I can guarantee you safety . the pen register go crazy . mother bish , he 's lie ! whistler hang up , they have almost get we ! mother ( excitedly ) he 's lie ! whistler hang up , bish ! mother he 's lie , he 's lie ! whistler hang up ! whistler get up and blindy fumble across the room . mother there 's get to be a way to cut a deal with that guy . crease too late . if we have the box , yes . without it , no . carl so let 's get this frick thing ! bishop I do not know where it be , remember ? whistler what do it sound like ? mother you have no idea at all where they take you ? bishop no ! they throw I in a trunk , drive around in circle . it could be a hundred mile away , it could be next door , it could be underground , it could be in a skyrise . forget it ! whistler bish , what do it sound like ? bishop what ? whistler the road . when you be in the trunk , what do the road sound like ? bishop well , I do not .... highway , a regular highway . whistler well , do you go over any speedbump ? gravel ? how about a bridge ? bishop Bridge . yeah . mother four bridge in the Bay Area . whistler be the Golden Gate fogge in last night ? crease yes . whistler do you hear a foghorn ? bishop no . crease scratch the Golden Gate . carl that leave three . whistler what do it sound like ? do you go through a tunnel in the middle ? bishop I be not ... no . crease scratch the Bay . carl well that leave two . mother San mateo and dunbarton . whistler what do it sound like ? whistler , by now , have set up a musical synthesizer and be make noise with it . bishop lower . whistler lower the pitch of the noise a couple of notches . bishop lower . whistler lower the noise again . bishop there be a recur sound . whistler like seam in the concrete . whistler add a recur thumping to the noise . bishop but further apart . whistler slow the thumping . Bishop 's eye light up . bishop yeah . ext . bridge . day . the sneaker ' van drive across a very long concrete bridge . the tire noise sound almost exactly like the noise whistler synthesize earlier . int . van . mother ( yell from driver 's seat ) now what ? bishop bump . Rough one . crease railroad track . carl ( read map ) yeah , a right on anthrem and a leave on eighty - four . whistler and then what do you hear ? bishop a cocktail party . carl what ? bishop we drive through what sound ... it sound like a ... ( realize how dumb it sound ) cocktail party . it be a chatter . it be right at the end . crease great . now we gotta look for a cocktail party on the other side of the railroad track . whistler wait , Carl , what 's the exit where the railroad track be ? carl Crescent ! whistler well then stay on Crescent , get off at the reservoir . mother okay ! crease there 's a cocktail party at the reservoir ? whistler uh , yeah . yeah . ext . reservoir . a busy chatter can be hear . it *is * kind of like a cocktail party . whistler that be very good , bish . remind I to make you a honorary blind person . bishop great . we see the sneaker look at hundred , maybe thousand of geese on the bank of the reservoir . bishop where 's this road go ? carl nowhere . look like it end right around that hill . crease what 's behind the hill ? carl nothing . it 's private property . Bishop realize what this mean . bishop private ! the sneaker hurry back into the van , and leave the geese behind they . shortly after . they arrive a couple of hundred yard from a big , modern building . Carl look around through binocular . a flag fly out front . a corporate sign : playtronics the future of toy carl forget it . it 's a toy company . Bishop take the binocular . bishop toy company my ass . that 's laser fencing . there 's high voltage on the perimeter . the whole building say " go away . " it 's cosmo , I know it . the toy company 's a front . mother , get the directional . Carl , get the video . let 's go . minute later . mother be aim a super- directional microphone at different point on the building . whistler listen carefully . mother second floor , northwest two . whistler that 's a bathroom . mother second floor , northwest three . whistler uh , that 's a emergency exit . mother how do you know that ? crease be make a diagram as they go . whistler I can hear the emergency floodlight battery recharging . mother move onto another one . whistler hold it right there . crease , what 's this mean : " my voice be my passport , verify I ? " crease some sort of voiceprint id . I will check it out . whistler what be I listen to now , mother ? mother third floor southwest . corner . whistler oh , it 's burst with ultrasonic . I have never hear sensor that powerful before . bish , someone be very serious about keep people out of that room . bishop yeah . Bishop camouflage a video camera . int . liz' apartment . day . mother point out a single light window in a time - lapse video of the building . in the time lapse , dawn break . mother okay , there 's the corner room with the motion detector whistler hear . bishop that 's cosmo 's office . I see the sensor . mother they keep the light on all night , so we have to assume the sensor be on too . it will not be easy get in there . bishop okay , run this on ahead , let 's figure out who work next door . Carl burst in excitedly . he 's carry a large , roll - up blueprint . carl it 's fascinating what fifty buck can get you at the county recorder 's office . bishop what have you get ? carl playtronics corporate headquarters . the complete blueprint . bishop not bad . not bad , Carl ! carl why , thanks . bishop where would you get the fifty buck ? carl I take it from mother 's wallet . bishop good . Liz be on the phone . liz no , mom . today 's not a good day to come over . n... no ... Bishop walk past she and into she kitchen . in there , crease be unpack a large machine . bishop okay , what have we get here ? crease it 's call a man-trap . I borrow this demo from the manufacturer . whistler it 's a digital voice recognition monitor , hook up to a access booth . crease NSA use the same technology to keep people out of restrict area at Fort meade . Card ? he hand Bishop a card . Bishop swipe it through the machine 's card reader . crease now speak right into this box . he indicate a speaker - like grille . Bishop read from the screen . bishop hi . my name be Martin Bishop . my name be my passport . verify I . the machine buzze and reply : *** entry denied *** whistler and you can not pass through unless you voiceprint match the one encode on the card . bishop so we need someone 's card . crease and they voice . bishop can we beat this with tape ? whistler have to be up close and personal . crease otherwise you will be catch in the steel - reinforce booth while the guard with shotgun be call . bishop oh , that 's great . really great . what about motion detector ? crease I be pick one up this afternoon . that make beat this look easy . mother ( from the other room ) hey bish . I think we have find we guy . mother 's video screen show the playtronics building with just a few light leave on . mother okay , I have blow up the image a little . here 's the room next to cosmo 's . now it 's the end of the day . some light go out in the building . mother ( continue ) watch who come out . let I zoom in on the front door . a lady in a green skirt , and this guy with the cap . nobody come out for another eighteen minute . bishop so it 's one of that two . mother right . now here 's the next evening . again . the office next to cosmo 's . the light go out . bishop the guy in the cap . anybody else ? mother nobody else come out for twenty - two minute . that 's who work next door . bishop good . okay , we will use he office to get into cosmo 's . can we get plate ? mother let 's see . Zoom in ... he zoom in on the license plate of the car the guy in the cap get into . mother another bump ... enhance ... the plate come into clear focus : California plate " 180 iq " . mother there 's you plate . 180 iq . bishop hah . cute. alright . Carl ? let 's do this guy . crease look up the guy 's motor vehicle report . crease his name 's Werner brand . single , 6'1 " , 174 pound , must wear glass to drive , no outstanding ticket or warrant . Bishop look over surveillance photo of brand and he car . with a magnify glass . carl he leave work between six and seven every night , take the same route home , he obey the speed limit and come to a complete stop at every stop sign , and signal when he change lane . he 's a very safe driver . crease ( now look up brand ' credit report ) $ 750 limit on he Visa , pay he bill , no bad debt , no bum check . no register firearm . member , International microchip designer 's Association and chairman of the social committee . bishop great . the world 's most boring human . how the hell be we go to get close enough to record he ? Bishop and crease be startle by a crash sound from the kitchen . it 's garbage . liz oh , mother ! mother walk in carry two garbage bag . mother sorry , liz. Standard procedure . trash from the guy 's house . liz and thank you for bring it into mine . the sneaker dump the trash out onto the floor and begin sifting through it . bishop okay , let 's see here . phone bill , no long distance . Club Med brochure . ticket stub to a Barry manilow concert . here it be . here we go . " dear compu-dater . welcome to the world of automated compatibility . " he 's a computer dater ! crease I love it ! let 's get he a date ! bishop what be the name of that gal that we do ... use in the cereal company sneak last year ? crease Sandy krieger ? bishop yeh . crease forget it . married a cop . how about ... Barbara ? ( to mother ) she be cute . mother yeah , but she would never do it . she regards this work as juvenile . that 's why she divorced I . ( to Carl ) how about you friend jessie ? carl yeah , she 's buff ! liz fellas , fella , look at this man 's trash ! he 's not look for buff . mother hold up two neatly fold empty cereal box . mother it 's the nicest garbage I have ever see . liz the man who fold this tube of crest be look for someone meticulous , refine . anal . all the sneaker look at she . she 's just describe herself wonderfully and have not quite notice yet . liz what ...? int . chinese restaurant . a asian man be on stage , sing " bad , bad leroy Brown " in chinese . Liz wind she way through the restaurant to find brand . when she find he , he be put in eye drop . he stand to greet she . liz Werner ? hi! I be doris . brande uh ... hi ! be you ready for the dim sum bar ? liz oh , I be not really in any hurry . brande alright . I will be right back . he take off . she sit down and wait . she check she hide microphone and pull out a notepad . the notepad have write on it : hi , my name be Werner brand . my voice be my passport . verify I . she scratch off " hi . " Werner return with a plate of dim sum . liz so . what a interesting name you have . Werner stuff a spring roll in he mouth whole , and start munch . liz how exactly do you pronounce it ? Werner 's mouth be full . he mumble he reply . brande ( mumble ) muumuu mammbe . int . liz' apartment . Close - up on a high - tech look motion sensor . crease this be what 's in cosmo 's office . mother enter the room and wave . the sensor beep . crease best motion sensor on the market . mother and watch this ! mother breathes on the sensor . it beep again . crease also respond to thermal differential . bishop do this have a happy end ? mother oh yeah . we can wrap you in a full body suit of neoprene heat- resistant rubber . he demonstrate with a neoprene wetsuit . mother ( continue ) or we can raise the temperature in cosmo 's office to 98.6 degree . which be probably what we will have to do , because the neoprene would suffocate you . either way , you have get a top speed of ... he slowly move he neoprene - shield hand across the sensor . mother ( continue ) ...two ... inch ... per ... second ... any faster than that ... he wave the hand quickly , the sensor beep . mother ( finish ) and ... big guy with gun . but , you will probably do fine . bishop since when be I the one that ... mother cut he off . mother this be the same model of answer machine that janek use for the shell of he box , now that 's what you will be carry across the floor at two inch per second . I get that for you because I figure that you would ... you know , just wanna practice with it . remember to ... go real slow ! bishop slow . crease ( facetiously ) you get all the fun stuff ! int . chinese restaurant . Liz have cross off all the word except " passport . " a waiter be vacuume the floor . this date should have end a long while ago . Werner come back to the table , the waiter say something to he in chinese . liz so , what about travel ? where do you like to go ? Europe ? Mexico ? brande uh , I do not know , I have never be out of the country . look , I think they want we to leave . he grab she arm . she grab back and force he to sit down . liz sit down , Werner . ( she laugh ) oh , talk to I . you know what ? I really love the sound of you voice . brande really ? I always think it be kind of nasal and pinch . his voice be nasal and pinch . liz oh , no , not at all , it 's lovely . and , um , there 's this one word ... I have always love the sound of this word ... brande well ? liz oh , no ! oh , no , you would not ... no ... brande no , I would , what ? liz never mind , no . brande no , what ? please . what ? liz I would really ... like to hear you say the word ... " passport " ... brand look confuse . brande passport ? Liz sort of half laugh , half moan with excitement . she kiss he on the cheek . liz you know , you be right , we ought to leave . brande uh , doris ? would you like to have breakfast with I ? liz sure , fine . brande shall I phone you or nudge you ? Liz look around , discomforted . liz check , please ! int . sneaker van . whistler be assemble a tape loop of the word Liz get brand to say . it sound unnatural but seamless . recording hi ! my , name . be , Werner brand . my. Voice ? be my . passport ??? verify . I ... ext . playtronics build . Carl , pose as a groundskeeper , prune a shrub and walk across the parking lot and up to the building . int . playtronics security booth . security guard be that the gardener ? I think they already leave . security guard # 2 I guess not . int . playtronics lobby . carl ( to desk Guard ) May I use you john , please ? Carl walk past a ornery - look security gate and into the men' room . he climb up into a duct above the cieling , and start crawl around . outside , the desk guard notice that he 's be in a while . he go into the men' room , but it 's unoccupy . he go back to the desk and start to make a phone call . security guard uh , listen , a few minute ago a gardener come ... he notice a gardener outside rake leave . security guard skip it , I see he . the other gardener be mother . mother okay fella , I be out of here . Carl , have a nice ride . int . elevator shaft . Carl jump onto the roof of a move elevator . he get off in another shaft , and enter a boiler room . in the boiler room , he set a thermotstat . the temperature display start rise . int . brande ' house . kitchen . brand be cooking something . liz ooo . it 's hot in here . brande ( chuckle ) uh huh ! liz maybe I will just open this window a little bit . she go over to a window and open it . brande I will join you as soon as I be finish pound this breast . Liz laugh and pass something to mother , who be wait outside . brande you know , the best thing about this meal , besides it 's absolutely fabulous , be it only have 400 calory . liz oh , great ! brande you know , I be very concerned about what we eat . liz you be . mother rifle through brand ' wallet and find a card . brande what would you say be the ideal diet ? liz I sort of ... eat , you know , sort of on the run ... you know , I be really busy , so ... mother whistle unobtrusively . brande okay , I will tell you , the ideal diet - do not laugh - be the bottom of the monkey cage . Liz take the wallet back from mother . liz I be sorry , what do you say ? brande take a look at the bottom of the monkey cage . you have , uh , green ... someone knock on the door . liz be there someone at you door ? brande I be not expect anyone . brand check the front door . while he 's not look , Liz replace he wallet . brande no , nobody there . Liz , oh , I be sorry . brande we be all alone . liz ah. I will just close the window . it 's okay now . she close the window . brand go back to he cooking . brande no , but it 's true , I read that once . liz bottom of the monkey cage ! what be you talk about ? brande you have fruit , you have green , you have ... mother drive away . int . playtronics bulding . a security guard watch a monitor . the phone ring . security guard good evening , playtronics . Bishop casually walk up to the security gate . he swipe brand ' card through . the gate let he through . a printout show that Werner brand have enter through the front entrance at 8:20 pm on October 26 . inconvenient time to answer the phone ... int . sneaker van . mother be read a tabloid . mother cattle mutilation be up ! crease do not ! mother sorry . int . playtronics corridor . Bishop , now wear glass , stride through the corridor . he enter a stairwell and go up . he attaches a small black box to the security camera . int . sneaker van . suddenly , a bank of security monitor in the van light up with picture from inside the building . mother hey , here we go . crease ( on radio ) Martin , we have get video . mother whsitler , hit record . whistler Rolling . crease ( continue ) the picture be come in fine . you be clear all the way up to the man-trap . int . playtronics corridor . Bishop swipe brand ' card again and enter the man-trap . he play a tape . it 's too fast . the machine buzze gently and say : *** entry denied *** please speak more slowly . Bishop quickly rewind . he play it back normal speed . recording hi ! my , name . be , Werner brand . my. Voice ? be my . passport ??? verify . I ... the machine display " *** thank you *** " and let he through . he enter brand ' office use the card . a security printout click to register the fact . he empty he briefcase and take off he tie . int . boiler room . the temperature gauge now say 88.1 degree and rise . int . brande ' office . Bishop be up in the cieling , now move over cosmo 's office . he lift a panel and look down . the sensor , the cray , the designer wire furniture , and the metal briefcase contain janek 's box be all in plain view . he lower a sound sensor into the room . bishop there 's a three foot area in the corner just outside the sensor ' range . int . sneaker van . crease good. hold on . whistler ? whistler Carl , how 's the weather ? int . boiler room . carl 98.6 and hold ! int . sneaker van . whistler beauty . we get body temp , crease ! crease go. int . cieling crawlspace . Bishop carefully lower himself into cosmo 's office , in the area behind the sensor that be out of they range . he start walk excruciatingly slowly . int . brande ' house . Liz be look out the window . brande once again , I be so sorry about dinner . liz no , it be really delicious . brande no , no , I overcooked the carrot . liz no , I like they really squishy like that . Liz notice a stuff toy dog . liz that 's cute ! brand light up . brande oh , uh watch . watch this ! brand snap he finger . brande play dead ! the toy dog roll over onto its back . liz great ! brand laugh . brande I design the voice recognition chip . liz what a thing to do . could I just make a quick phone call ? brande sure , uh , it 's in the bedroom . liz upstair ? brande yeah , just go upstairs and then you walk straight forward . and the first one be a closet . she go . the toy dog think it hear a command : " walk straight forward . " it comply and walk straight forward . it knock 's Liz 's purse off the table . brande oh pooch . look what you have do to doris ' purse ! he pick up the purse , and she wallet which have fall out . it open up to she driver 's licence . he take a look and realize that Liz 's name be not doris . brande hmm . int . cosmo' office . Bishop continue to walk painstakingly across the room . int . brande ' bedroom . Liz be on the phone , but it 's just ringing . brand arrive at the door and knock . brande psst . what do you say we go for a ride ... doris . int . cosmo' office . Bishop be still move across the room at top speed , 2 inch per second . int . sneaker van . crease I do not believe it ! now what be you say , the NSA kill Kennedy ? mother no , they shot he , but they do not kill he . he 's still alive ! crease that 's it . I have have it . I do not want to talk to you anymore . you just do you job . I do not want to talk to you anymore . mother okay , fine . it be the same people who frame Pete Rose . crease ( exasperate ) ugh ! ext . road to playtronics . night . brand be drive to work . at night . with Liz . liz Boy , this be fun . want to go back ? brande oh , no , we be almost there . liz almost where ? int . sneaker van . mother crease . crease forget it . mother no , no , no , crease . crease forget it ! mother Werner just pull up . he 's get Liz with he . crease oh no . crease get on the radio . crease Martin , I think you would better hurry . int . cosmo' office . bishop the one thing I can not do be hurry . he open the briefcase . Inside be janek 's answer machine . int . playtronics front desk . Liz protest incomprehensibly as brand drag she to the security guard . brande ( mimick Liz ) come on , I want you to say it for I just one time , " passport " , you have such a beautiful voice ! they reach the guard . brande hi. I be Dr. brand , I work up on three , and I believe that this phoney be involved in some kind of plot to break into my office . security guard hold it , hold it ! let I see you entry card . brand do not have it . brande you take my card ! liz what card ? see , I ... they go on argue , and another security guard behind a booth make a phone call upstairs . security guard # 2 Sir , we have a problem . int . cosmo' office . carry janek 's box , Bishop inch he way back across the room . he make it back to the sensor ' blind spot . int . playtronics front desk . Dick Gordon and buddy wallace arrive on the scene . Liz and brand be still argue with the desk guard . brande ... now there be a great idea , call the police ! I be very sorry to disturb you , but I think that someone be try to break into my office ! now cosmo show up . cosmo let 's take a look at he office . int . brande ' office . Bishop hurriedly put everything back in he briefcase . int . stairwell . cosmo , Gordon , Liz , wallace , and brand make they way upstairs . int . brande ' office . Bishop grab he briefcase and go back up inside the cieling . int . playtronics corridor . cosmo use a remote control to completely bypass the man-trap . all five walk through . they arrive at brand ' office and hit the light . Bishop have * just * make it . brand look around . cosmo well ? brande well , uh , everything seem to be in order . cosmo do it ? brande yessir . gordon we be very sorry to have troubled you , miss . liz not as sorry as I be , Werner . they all leave . bishop they be let she go . int . playtronics corridor . cosmo we will call you a cab . liz thank you . this be my last computer date . cosmo think about this . cosmo wait . a computer match she with he ? I do not think so . Gordon and wallace start back . cosmo marty ! he run back to he own office , use he remote control to enter . cosmo why be it so hot in here ? he run to he desk and open the metal briefcase . it be empty . cosmo ( furious ) marty ! ext . playtronics build . the whole complex go into a full scale security lockdown . floodlight light , alarm wail . armed man pour in from out of nowhere . int . sneaker van . crease Martin , we have get six guard in the front lobby , four in the south corridor , second floor , five upstairs north . mother Guards in the boiler room . crease oh , god. ( into mic ) Carl , listen carefully . you have get trouble . mother open the blueprint . mother Heating duct , over the furnace . crease you will be alright . just find the heating duct above the furnace . mother that will get he to the elevator . crease that will lead you to the elevator chasm . Martin , there 's a fire escape at the end of the north corridor . you will have to break through a couple of firewall . mother have he go south . crease no ! go directly north ! mother there 's a air duct there ! crease directly north about thirty yard ! once you be there , let I know . int . playtronics security . Dick Gordon and cosmo oversee the sweep for Bishop and Carl . gordon ( into intercom ) Blue team , move to southwest corridor one . Green team , secure north corridor three . White team , secure all exit ... cosmo he will be in a crawl space . break through . two guard with shotgun comply . int . cieling crawlspace . a guard climb up into a cieling crawlspace and look around . Bishop get out of he sight just in time . bishop crease , I be in Northeast 3 over the corridor . I think it 's a dead end . int . sneaker van . crease do not move . and do not worry , we will get you out of there . mother whistler , we have get guard in every stairwell . can you hear if there 's any ... mother notice that a guard have find they video transmitter . the guard abruptly yank it . all the monitor go blank . mother oh , no . int . cieling crawlspace . bishop what ? do not say " oh , no . " int . playtronics corridor . buddy wallace stroll down the corridor carry a mean-look shotgun . wallace ( into radio ) this be wallace , I be in Northeast 3 , go to check it out . int . cieling crawlspace . Bishop hear he below . crease ( over radio ) Martin , we have lose picture ... in the quiet , the noise of Bishop 's earpiece can be hear by wallace . Bishop desperately try to cover it up but it 's too late . crease do you read I ?? int . playtronics corridor . wallace smile , he know he have Bishop cornere . he shoot into the cieling . and again . and again . and again . his fourth shot barely miss Bishop . cosmo ( over p.a. ) stop shoot . marty ? I know you be in the building , and I know you can hear I . whoo , God . you should not have come back , marty . I win , you lose . cosmo 's voice echoe throughout the entire building . cosmo ( continue ) and if we friendship have mean anything to you at all , that 's the way you should have leave it , but you always have to be the one to win , do not you ? you be the one who get away with thing while I never do . you always have to get the girl , do not you ? so I never do . at least not until now . int . cosmo' office . Liz look on from a wire couch in cosmo 's office . cosmo she 's lovely , marty . int . cieling crawlspace . Bishop gasp , astonished and fearful . int . cosmo' office . cosmo please , marty , please bring I the box . you must come . I will never let either of you live if you try to get out . I be you way out . I be you only way out . if I want you dead , you would be dead . marty , I can not kill you . I can not kill you . you have to trust I . int . cieling crawlspace . bishop guy , I be go in . you hear I , Carl ? carl yes ... Bishop pull a cieling panel aside . below be wallace , ready to blow he away . int . cosmo' office . wallace lead Bishop in at gunpoint . bishop hi. liz hi. bishop how be you ? liz Fine . how be you ? Bishop just sigh . liz yeah . cosmo so you have my box ? bishop we have a deal , right ? cosmo start to leave . bishop wait a second . wait a minute . Dick Gordon load he pistol . bishop goddamnit , you give I you word ! cosmo I can not kill my friend . ( to wallace and Gordon ) kill my friend ! bishop Son of a bitch ! wallace ( smile broadly ) you do not really think we be gonna let you go , do you ? bishop you do not really think I be go to let you have this box , do you ? wallace what ? bishop now . wallace now ? what be you talk about , " now ? " bishop now ! wallace damn right , now ! wallace and Gordon take aim . bishop Carl , now ! Carl leap through the cieling panel and land squarely on Gordon , knock he down . in the split second of distraction , Bishop grab wallace 's shotgun . Liz scream . the two man struggle . Liz pick up Gordon 's pistol . liz let go of he ! she fire a shot into the cieling . wallace and Bishop stop struggle . she 's shaking and hyperventilate . liz I mean it ! I be a excellent marksman ... woman ... wallace put he hand up . liz move ! wallace oh sure , sure . Bishop take the gun from Liz . bishop get up . wallace slowly comply . bishop yeeeeoooou ... Bishop smack wallace squarely in the jaw with the gun . wallace fall , out cold . bishop Carl , what the hell be you wait for ? carl that 's not easy , what I just do ! liz guy , can we get out of here ? the three run to a stairwell and go up . ext . playtronics roof . night . Bishop , Carl , and Liz run across the roof , dodging spotlight . bishop crease , we be on the roof . there 's a fire escape on the north side . be it clear ? int . sneaker van . crease yes , clear . ext . playtronics roof . the three reach the fire escape . bishop where be you ? crease ( over radio ) on a hill overlook the northeast corner of the parking lot . the van 's headlight flash . carl there ! bishop beautiful , come and get we . Carl and Liz go down the fire escape . bishop and hurry up , we have only get a few minute before anybody know we be go . ext . sneaker van . crease and mother go up front . mother start the van . crease come to get you . two guard appear , weapon draw . guard put you hand where I can see they and step out of the van . ( to crease ) you too , midnight . whistler , still in the back of the van , put on a radio headset . whistler bish ... they have get crease and mother ! ext . FIRE escape . bishop shit ! whistler , you have gotta do it . int . sneaker van . whistler do what ? ext . FIRE escape . bishop you have gotta drive . I will talk you through it . now hurry . int . sneaker van . whistler D - drive what ? ext . sneaker van . the guard frisk crease and mother . whistler come up to the driver 's seat . whistler okay , bish . bishop now , there 's a gate about thirty yard behind you . put it in reverse and floor it . crease do I ever tell you why I have to leave the CIA ? mother no ? whistler uh , what 's reverse ? bishop uh , one down . crease my temper . whistler floor it in reverse . the van take off . in the split second of distraction , crease overpower both guard . mother wow ! crease motherfucker mess with I , I will split you head ! mother uh , crease , where 's whistler go ? whistler uh , bish ? I be go backwards . bishop you be do fine ... you be do fine . the van , go backwards , break through a gate . whistler yell . bishop now , hit the brake , now ! the van screech to a halt . bishop okay , whistler , put the gear shift down two notches . whistler shift gear . bishop turn leave , floor it . whistler I be go forward . bishop straighten out , straighten out ! the van straighten out . it jump curb and grassy island in the parking lot . whistler what ... what be that ? bishop okay , keep come ... whistler oh God , I be drive . I be drive . the van continue to jump curb across the parking lot . whistler cover he face . whistler oh no , do not do that , I be drive ! whistler be come up on some car now . bishop whoa , whoa , whoa , go leave ... uh ... my leave ! right ! right , right ! Bishop be too late . whistler hit two car , which spin out of the way . the van keep go . bishop it 's ... it 's okay . beautiful , now keep come . keep come . now , you be go to go down a very ... gentle slope . whistler oh , okay , fine , great . no problem . the " slope " be not at all gentle . whistler whoo-oa ! oh boy ! bishop okay . five more second , then stop . the van crash into a wall . whistler 's headset be knock off . whistler I think I will stop right here . Liz and Carl run to the van . liz whistler , that be great ! carl whistler ! whistler where to ? carl oh no , I be take the wheel . in the back . mother and crease run up to the van . crease where 's Martin ? Bishop start down the fire escape . cosmo marty ! cosmo aim a gun at Bishop . cosmo would you step away from the ladder ? Bishop do . cosmo you will give I the box right now , or I will kill you , right now . bishop no . cosmo fire . he just miss . bishop Jesus ! cosmo just give I the box , marty ! bishop I think you could not kill you friend , cos ! cosmo I miss on purpose , now give I the box ! bishop take the goddamn thing ! I do not want it ! you win , I lose , that 's what you want , be not it ? say it . say it ! cosmo yes ! Bishop give cosmo the box . bishop I be sorry , cos . cosmo you could have share this with I . bishop I know . cosmo you could have have the power . bishop I do not want it . cosmo do not you know the place we can go with this ? bishop yeah , I do . there 's nobody there . cosmo exactly ! the world be not run by weapon anymore , or energy , or money , it 's run by little one and zeroe , little bit of data . it 's all just electron . bishop I do not care . cosmo I do not expect other people to understand this , but I do expect you to understand this ! we start this journey together ! bishop it be not a " journey " , cos . it be a prank . cosmo there 's a war out there , old friend , a world war . and it 's not about who 's get the most bullet , it 's about who control the information . what we see and hear , how we work , what we think , it 's all about the information ! bishop if I be you , I would destroy that thing . Bishop start down the ladder again . cosmo do not go . cosmo again take aim at Bishop . cosmo do not go . bishop you do what you have to do , cos , but if you want to stop I , you will have to pull the trigger . Bishop continue down the ladder . cosmo let he . cosmo look inside the box . it be empty ! he 's astonished . meanwhile , the van speed away . int . sneaker van . as they drive back to the office , Bishop open the real box . the codebreaker chip be still inside . int . martin bishop & associate office . night . the sneaker return to the office for the first time in day . crease I can not believe we actually make it back . carl I can not believe that we pull off the great sneak in history and we can not tell anybody about it . mother you know what I can not believe ? I can not believe tomorrow 's Thursday ! someone else turn on a light . he aim he gun at mother . NSA agent not one word . a female NSA agent with a submachine gun appear . female agent okay , all of you , step over here . hand over you head . move ! the agent herd the sneaker up against the wall of the conference room . abbott Mr. Bishop . I be Bernard abbott . National Security Agency . we speak on the phone . I believe you have something that belong to I . bishop it 's interesting , do not you think , you guy ? that the NSA be here ? I think the FBI be suppose to do this kind of thing . crease absolutely . this be outside the NSA 's jurisdiction . whistler unless the NSA do not want anybody to know about janek 's little black box . bishop I keep think about something greg tell I . he say that we code be base on a entirely different system than the Russian code . so this box really would not work on they . the only thing it would really be good for be spying on Americans . mother oh , sure , with a box like that , they could read the FBI 's mail . whistler or the CIA 's . or the White House 's ! crease no wonder they do not want to share with the other child . abbott what do you want , Mr. Bishop ? bishop clear up my record . get out of my life . abbott I do not have much choice , do I ? bishop not unless you want to read about it in Newsweek . abbott deal . the box . mother not so fast . I want a winnebago . abbott what ? mother fully equip . Big kitchen . waterbed . am / fm CD . microwave . abbott this be not a car dealership , pal ! bishop he want a winnebago . abbott ( grudgingly ) alright . a winnebago . mother thank you . burgundy interior . abbott now the box . crease clear he throat . crease uh , I have never take my wife to Europe . abbott I be sorry to hear it . ( to Bishop ) give I the box ! crease you will buy I two round trip first class ticket to athen , Lisbon , Madrid , and Scotland . bishop do not forget tahiti . crease and tahiti . abbott tahiti be not in Europe ! carl Excuse I , when you get the box , you can give we geography lesson , until then , this man go to tahiti . abbott Fine . tahiti ! bishop Carl ? Carl walk up to abbott and speak quietly . carl the young lady with the ... ( he check ) ... uzi . be she ... single ? bishop uh , you know , Carl ... ( to abbott ) Excuse we please . Bishop take Carl aside . bishop this be the brass ring . now , you have get to think bigger thought . carl I just want she telephone number . please ? the young woman lower she weapon , amaze . bishop ( to abbott ) how about a lunch ? you can chaperone . abbott no ! I will not do this . bishop hey , abbie . abbie , come on , now the FBI would give he twin ! abbott no ! female agent wait a second . you can have anything you want , and you be ask for my phone number . carl yes . she smile . female agent 273-9164 . Area code 415 . carl I be Carl . female agent I be Mary . abbott I be go to be sick ! be we do here ? bishop no , not yet . whistler ? whistler walk out into the middle of the room . whistler I want peace on earth and goodwill toward man . abbott oh , this be ridiculous . bishop he 's serious . whistler I want peace on earth and goodwill toward man . abbott we be the United States government . we do not do that sort of thing . bishop you be just go to have to try . abbott ( eye narrowing ) alright ! I will see what I can do . whistler thank you very much . ( shaking abbott 's hand ) that 's all I ask . abbott ( to Liz ) how about you ? what do you want ? liz oh , I be fine . she smile sweetly . abbott May I have the box ? Bishop give he the box . bishop you know it do not work . it never do . abbott that 's not important , be it ? what 's really important be that none of this ever happen . this box do not exist . bishop I never see it before . abbott remember that . abbott and the agent leave . liz Bishop . all you do be say it be break . can not they still just hook it up and do terrible thing with it ? Bishop show she janek 's chip . bishop nope ! later . tv news anchor in a surprise announcement , the Republican National Committee have reveal it be bankrupt ! a spokesman for the party say they have plenty of money in they account last week , but today they just do not know where the money have go . but not everybody 's go begging . Amnesty International , greenpeace , and the United negro College Fund announce record earning this week , due mostly to large , anonymous donation . the credit roll . production manager lindsley parson , Jr. first assistant director William M. elvin second assistant director Alan edmisten associate producer William M. elvin 2 nd unit director Glenn H. randall , Jr. camera operator lawrence karman first camera assistant Henry Kline second camera assistant Brian T. pitt 2nd 2nd camera assistant camilla calamandrei steadicam operator Jim muro still photographer melinda Sue Gordon production SOUND mixer Willie D. brton , c.a.s. boom operator marvin E. Lewis utility SOUND Robert W. Harris video assist operator Aaron katz chief lighting technician Robert Jason asst . chief lighting technician Jeffrey Petersen rigging gaffer Rod Robertson electrician Tom cantrell Dave dunbar Jim Fine Pat ralston Dave St. onge key grip Herbert L. ault best boy Ken King dolly grip Rick carden rigging grip Mike hodge grip Dustin ault kurt grossi Larry mccarron David morrison art director dianne wager set decorator samara schaffer set designer James L. murikami keith B. burn James tocci art dept . coordinator Beth bernstein production illustrator Thomas W. Lay , Jr. mentor huebner leadman David c. Potter buyer andrea mae fenton 2nd leadman Tommy samona swing Mike sweeny James E. hurd , Jr. George ashton set dressing assistant janine mceuen Lisa session special effect coordinator Kenneth pepiot special effect foreman Albert delgado effectsmen Peter H. albiez larz Anderson propery master Don miloyevich asst . property master John bankson 2nd assistant prop David n. bock costume supervisor Hugo pena women' wardrobe Marie A. kaderbeck men' wardrobe Gregory B. pena key make - up artist Gary liddiard 2nd make - up Fred blau hairstylist Bunny parker - adamson tamara Guthrie - muro computer effect supervisor Steve grumette computer effect will fowler bennie R. Brothers computer graphic artist brett bently Doug wolfgram video playback Harry lessing script supervisor Cynthia upstill location manager Robin A. citrin asst . location manager Eva M. schroeder san francisco location liaison stefanie Lee pleet production auditor Steve beeson assistant auditor Nancy c. aprile assistant accountant Janet lonsdale production coordinator Lisa J. watter asst . prod . coordinator fabiana arrastia production assistant Andrew Francis fenady shawn hanley construction coordinator Dennis dewaay construction general foreman Steve fegley construction foreman Steve kallas labor foreman Robert laux paint foreman Robert L. Clark standby painter Robert Stephen construction accountant dexter Miller transportation coordinator Ed arter transportation captain Ronald B. dinson co-captain cary Kelly transportation dispatcher Tina M. arter driver George hartmann Dave menapace Gordon Smith Eddie wirth billy arter Mark westcott 2nd 2 nd assistant director nandi bowe dga trainee Kelly cantley assistant to mr . robinson Margaret solow roni Ziemba asst . to mr. lasker / mr . parke Susan fanara craft service Robert Bruce Moore first aid jamale case casting associate Mary vernieu extras casting Central caste Steve spiker add 'l san francisco casting davia Nelson publicity Marsha Robertson security consultant John strauch mathematical consultant prof . Len adelman sleight of hand consultant ricky jay associate editor Vicki shaki Khan 1st assistant editor Christopher baird apprentice editor Tom Allen andi kasen supervise sond editor milton c. burrow SOUND editor Neil burrow Scott burrow Gordon davidson Chester L. slomka assistant SOUND editor blake R. cornett Karen L. wanderman apprentice SOUND editor Dennis mccurdy additional SOUND effect Stephen dewey supervise adr editor uncle J. kamen adr editor shelley rae hinton assistant adr editor Bill baldwin adr mixer Doc kane foley artist Jerry trent audrey trent foley mixer karin roulo foley recordist Sean mccormack foley editor David L. Horton , Jr. adr group coordinator leigh french re-recording mixer Donald o. Mitchell Michael herbick Frank montano re-recorded at goldwyn sound facility supervise music editor Jim henrikson assistant music editor Joe E. rand Jeff charbonneau associate music editor Jim flamberg music scoring mixer shawn Murphy orchestrator Brad dechter Frank bennett feature musician Mike Fisher Ralph grierson James horner Joel peskin Ian underwood music contractor Sandy decrescent music recorded at Todd -ao score crane and dollys chapman title & optical Pacific title negative cutter Sandy brundage color timer phil hetos title design judith kahn Inc. / move impression cast ( in order of appearance ) college - aged cosmo jojo marr college -aged bishop Gary hershberger bishop Robert redford crease sidney poitier whistler David strathairn mother Dan aykroyd carl River Phoenix centurion s&l night guard Bodhi elfman bank teller denise dowse bank secretary hanyee dick gordon timothy busfield buddy wallace Eddie Jones homeless man time winter liz Mary mcdonnell piano prodigy jun asai dr . gunter janek donal logue gregor George hearn dr . elena rhyzkov Lee garlington coolidge institute guard John shepard mrs . crease ellaraino melissa crease shayna hollinquist dayna hollinquist kiev string quartet jacqueline brand Julie gigante Victoria miskolczy David speltz gregor' date Leslie hardy gregor' chauffeur John moio FBI agent James craven 2nd FBI agent rc everbeck cosmo Ben kingsley tv anchorman Ernie tetrault NSA phone operator lori Hall dr . werner brande Stephen Tobolowski chinese restaurant singer George kee Cheung chinese restaurant waiter hayward soo soo playtronics desk guard - day Michael kinney rudy Francis nemetz playtronics lobby guard - day Ralph Monaco playtronics lobby guard - night Paul Jenkins playtronics desk guard - night Al Foster playtronics stairwell guard George hartmann playtronics perimeter guard Jeffrey Daniel Phillips Michael Boston male NSA agent Anthony winter Jeff Joy female NSA agent Amy benedict mr . bernard abbott James Earl Jones stunt coordinator Glenn H. randall , Jr. stunt performers Michael Adams julius leflore Eddie braun Bill mcintosh keith Campbell denney pierce Carl ciarfalio bernie pock gloria fioramonte spiro rozatos orwin c. harvey Rick seaman Robert herron Jeff smolek Larry Holt William Washington terrance James webster whinery melvin Jones " really " written by Mike bloomfield & Al kooper performed by Mike bloomfield , Al kooper & Steven still courtesy of Columbia recor by arrangement with Sony Music license " waltz in E minor " composed by frederic chopin performed by jun asai " violin concerto in E " bwv 1042 composed by Johann sebastian bach courtesy of laser Light digital by arrangement with sound of Film " chain of fool " written by Don covay performed by aretha Franklin courtesy of Atlantic record by arrangement with Warner special product " rainy Day woman no. 12 & 35 " written and performed by Bob Dylan courtesy of Columbia record by arrangement with Sony Music license " flamenco sketch " written and performed by mile Davis courtesy of Columbia record by arrangement with Sony Music license " string quartet # 1 in E minor ' from my life ' " composed by bedrich smetana performed by jacqueline brand , Julie gigante , Victoria miskolozy & David speltz " bad , bad leroy Brown " written by Jim croce performed by George kee Cheung chinese translation by George kee Cheung " the girl from Ipanema " written by Antonio carlos jobim & vinicius demorale performed by Charlie byrd courtesy of concord picante " corcovado " written by Antonio carlos jobim performed by Charlie byrd courtesy of concord picante Branford marsalis appear courtesy of Columbia record soundtrack available on Columbia cassettes and compact disc special equipment provide by humanware , Inc. graphic computer by amax electronic equipment provide by John fluke manufacactur company , Inc. and kimball International , Inc. security console provide by trentech , a division of norment industry , Inc . thank you to the following artist and galleries Jonathan borofsky , Robbie grant , sinia delaunay , helen frankenthaler , Robert Mapplethorpe , Dan mccleary , tatsuo miyajima , Mark stock , Donald sultan , Cynthia drennon Fine Arts resource , Richard Gray Gallery / Paul Gray , Richard Green Gallery " Der rosenkavalier " by R. linder ( C ) 1978 Circle Gallery / Metropolitan Opera special thanks to the colburn School of Music Peter scwartz and the Global Business Network and wrgb - tv , schenectady , New York the Major League Baseball trademark depict in this program be license by Major League Baseball properties , Inc . " Einstein on a bicycle " poster courtesy of the Archives , California Institute of Technology . Goose herd furnish by schiltz Goose Farms . filmed with panavision cameras & lense color by deluxe ( R ) dolby stereo in select theatres