snow falling on cedar Ronald bass first draft screenplay March 3 , 1997 ext . the susan marie , ship channel bank - night fog. penetrated only by sound . the lapping of sea at a drift hull . tendril of mist part , revealing ... ...a face . strong and blond and handsome . superimpose : september 15 , 1954 long angle ... from below , we watch carl heine , high on the cross spar of he mast . he have pull a shuttle of twine from he rubber overall , and be lashing a lantern in the cloud of mist , as MAIN title begin ... angle ... the tiny , meticulously neat cabin . empty , silent . a tin coffee cup on the counter 's edge . the battery well open , revealing two large batteries in place . pan to ... ... the deck of this sturdy stern-picker . the fishing net stretch from the huge drum into the sea . keep panning to the bow , where ... ... Carl stand with he kerosene lantern and he air horn , watch as another boat come slowly out of the mist . the silhouette of a fisherman , hold a long fishing gaff . as fragment of fog part , we close on the figure 's face , to see ... ...his eye . they be asian . smash CUT to ... ext . the susan marie , ship channel bank - morning blind sun . we boat bob lifeless on placid water . as credit continue , two figure slowly reel in the massive net . sheriff art moran be painfully thin , unimpose , methodical . only the eye reflect he disquiet . his young deputy , abel martinson , cut anxious look between he mentor and the sea . as the net bring silvere salmon across the gunnel , CUT to ... ... the cabin . tidy as before . only two thing have change . close on the tin coffee cup , which now lie overturned on the floor . pan above the open battery well , where a third marine battery now stand next to the wheel . CUT to ... ... the stern , as the raveling net lift from the water 's surface ... ... the face of Carl heine . turned to the sun . smash CUT to ... int . coroner be lab - day white fill the frame . a hand pull back the blanket - shroud revealing Carl 's face . as credit continue , tilt up to the coroner , horace whaley , gaze down . a shading of regret behind the professional mask . a series of quick cut ... ... whaley 's hand pull the shuttle of twine from Carl 's pocket ... ... examine the open , empty knife sheath at Carl 's belt ... ... Carl 's wrist , its watch stop at 1:47 ... whaley bend over Carl 's body , press on he solar plexus , watch pink foam rise from Carl 's mouth and nose . and then . he see something more . his finger gently pull back the hair from above Carl 's leave ear , to reveal ... ...a skull wound . the bone cave in . four inch across . ext . san piedro island - day snow fall on cedar . superimpose : december 6. the heaven descend softly onto we island . exquisite , silent , hypnotic . a epic snowfall inspiring awe at we frailness against the limitless scope of nature . as credit conclude , a series of quick angle ... ... car pirouetting , skate on they tire , past a abandon school bus , where kid throw snowballs at be window ... ... fisk 's hardware Center , its endless queue of orderly citizen wait stoically for they snow shovel and kerosene ... ... the harbor , with its moor fleet of tiny fishing vessel blankete as if by volcanic ash , a pair of teenage lover building a snowman at the edge of a dock , she push the boy into the water , and he rise laugh , steam rise from he clothes ... ... undulate strawberry field of pure white , untouched and flawless as the sahara ... finally , to a public building , car gather as best they can , people stream up snow - laden step to the entrance , and as we follow they , smash CUT to ... int . courtroom - day close on impassive eye . they be asian . we have see they before . pull back to see ... kabuo miyamoto . early 30' , dark blue suit , clean shirt . he sit ramrod straight , utterly motionless , expressionless , the eye of a storm of movement in ... ... the assemble courtroom . a pack gallery of buzzing local , the scent of anticipation . a bank of reporter and photographer , cosmopolitan in attire , bear themselves as jade dignitary from the civilized world . as we pan they rank ... ishmael ( v.o . ) it be the first murder trial on the island in thirty - one year . ...we look over the right shoulder of ishmael chamber , early 30' , dark , a rugge , somber man jotting note on a pad which rest on he right leg . ishmael ( v.o. ) we only newspaper be the San piedro Review , a four- page weekly that I operate alone . he glance blandly at he nonchalant colleague . ishmael ( v.o. ) what , I wonder , could the Seattle boy know of the heart of this people ... to the jury BOX . truck farmer , grocer , fisherman , in sober neckty . a waitress , a secretary , fisher wife in Sunday dress . ishmael ( v.o. ) neighbor , sit in judgement . on they neighbor . to the neighbor . the ramrod-still defendant . ishmael ( v.o. ) kabuo miaymoto sit with the rigid grace of a samurai warrior . as if detach from he own trial . ishmael write on the pad balanced precariously on he knee , until ... ishmael ( v.o. ) do he know how dangerous he demeanor could be ? with this jury . ... it fall with a clatter of page . he reach with he right hand , replace the pad on he thigh . around he , cameras be be swing to the ready . ishmael look to see ... ...a slender woman of refine beauty , enter the courtroom . a few flash pop , and ishmael 's right hand retrieve a venerable box camera from beneath he seat , as he notepad fall once more , unheeded . ishmael ( v.o. ) hatsue miyamoto have be without she husband for 77 day . ishmael pivot , and we understand he struggle with the notepad . for he be force to rest he camera on the stump of he amputate leave arm , its empty sleeve pin at the elbow . ishmael ( v.o. ) he be in jail . when he baby son learn to walk . through he viewfinder , we see hatsue take she place in the first row . and sense she presence , she husband turn . they eye meet . a string of flash ... but none from ishmael . he hesitates . as if consider whether he will violate this woman 's privacy . the camera lower . hold on he face ... int . courthouse corridor - day match CUT to hatsue 's face . stare , impassive , empty . pull back to see that she sit alone on a wooden bench by the courtroom door . her hand rest delicately on the purse in she lap . her demeanor as remove from this place as be she husband 's . ishmael ( v.o. ) earlier , I notice she in the corridor . pull back to see he alone , in shadow . it be more than a notice . ishmael stare with fix intensity at the motionless woman , as she gather she thought . a moment of decision . he approach . stop , respectfully , at a distance which will not invade she personal space . and softer than we might have imagine ... ishmael be you all right ? she turn she head only slightly . it be enough . her voice quiet and firm at once ... hatsue go away , ishmael . there be no anger . only directness and resolve . ishmael please do not be like th ... hatsue ( softer ) go away . int . courtroom - day pan the back of the courtroom . twenty - four citizen of japanese ancestry fill the last row , dress in they most formal clothes . shade of atticus finch . as one , the japanese - Americans watch ... ... the prosecutor , alvin hook , a crisp , even dapper man . there be a quickness about the eye , a tendency to sharpness of manner , that he work carefully against ... hook ... four inch gash , skull crush , and you think be , what ...? judge field , tall and gray and rawbone , lean on he elbow , he eyelid droop slightly , a deceptive mask of keen attention . hook ( o.s. ) that he ... fall ? hit he head on the gunnel go over ? the witness be sheriff moran . he answer as if this be a sincere question . as if he have never hear it before . moran well , Carl be six - four , go 235 . he be a grizzly bear and a able seaman ... ishmael watch . think on that . moran ( o.s. ) for he to just ... go over . crush he skull like that on the way in ... hold on ishmael . int . team bus - day teenage boy in football uniform . they ride with they helmet in they lap . ishmael ( v.o. ) he be a mountain , all right . anchore the line for we little feller . close on Carl and ishmael at 18 , riding together . ishmael , dark and rugge even then , be scarcely little . but dwarf by the blond giant at he side , who glare out the window , at ... carl Chambers . y'see the geese ? ... snow geese landing in low flood wheat . the grace of it hold both boy . carl picture would be nice . in you pa 's paper . ishmael nod absently . they stare , side - by-side . ishmael lucky I get the camera in my helmet . they never look at each other . they never smile . but you can almost hear one in ... carl careful , Chambers . that be almost a joke . int . courtroom - day hook now stand with he polished shoe up on the witness podium . like chat with the sheriff across the back fence ... hook and you be not there , when the coroner examine the wound . moran nossir . I would go to tell the wid ... to tell Mrs. heine . and he glance inevitably go to the first row behind the prosecutor 's table . take the glance of the jury with it . susan marie heine be pretty and blonde and full - body in she modest black dress . composure and dignity . against she grief . ext . heine home - day moran climb from he vehicle , as Carl 's young son dash around the corner of the house . see the sheriff , they stop cold . Silent , shirtless , barefoot . moran hey there , man . be you mother home a-tall ? he spit he juicy fruit into a wrapper . and as the young boy nod across the distance ... susan marie ( o.s. ) sheriff moran , hullo . she have appear in the doorway , smile , spittle - mark baby 's diaper across she shoulder . and he smile back . tell the boy ... moran you go on and play , now . but they do not . so he follow into she entryway , close the door behind he . and at the foot of she curving staircase ... susan marie what can I do for you , sheriff , Carl 's not home y... moran that 's ... too quick . he stop himself . and she see that . moran it 's why I be here . I be afraid I have some ... very bad news to tell you , the ... worst ... kind of news . she look at he , uncomprehend , the smile only beginning to fade , before ... moran Carl die last night . in a fishing accident . in White Sand Bay . she only blink . as if translate the word from a foreign language . susan marie no , Carl 's fine , h... moran we find he , Mrs. heine . tangled in he net . and with this word , a slack , blank look cross she face , and she stumble back one step , sit down hard on the bottom stair of she curve staircase . he do not know what to do . she dig she elbow into she lap , and begin to rock , very slowly , wring the diaper in she hand . her face be more terrible than tear . it be frighten . she murmur to herself , so that we can barely hear ... susan marie I tell he this could happen . int . courtroom - day close on hook , nodd . as if , slowly , digest something in he mind . hook so , no ... immediate suspicion , no ... general talk of enmity between the two . moran this be fisherman , Alvin . they do not talk at all to each other and less to I . specially gossip . ext . dock - day ishmael walk down the sunlit wharf . purpose in he stride ... ishmael ( v.o. ) a gill - netter work through black night with only himself to talk to . and learn to be silent . they be lonely man and product of geography . up ahead , the Susan Marie have be bring to dock . moran stand chat with a knot of six or seven fishermen . ishmael ( v.o. ) ... man who , on occasion , realize that they wish to speak , but could not . as he arrive , moran smile a thin greeting . not happy to see he . of course , neither be anyone else . moran figure you ' da hear by now . ishmael shake he head in silent helplessness . william gjovaag , a sunburn , big -belly , tattooe gill - netter , clamp on he damp cigar butt . gjovaag you go fishing , it happen . ishmael ( to moran ) you see Susan Marie ? moran I do . Boy . ishmael Three kid . what 's she go to do ? gjovaag ( disgust ) well , what can she do ? Jesus Christ . ishmael Excuse I , gjovaag . gjovaag I do not need to excuse nothin' . fuck you anyhow , Chambers . everybody laugh . it be all good - nature , sort of . ishmael ( v.o. ) like the sheriff , I do not work the sea , and could never merit trust . or respect . marty johansson sheriff 's be askin ' which boat follow Carl out last night ... moran ( quickly ) only to see if somebody talk to he out th ... ishmael so who talk to he ? out there . stare . at each other . Eye contact hold during ... jan sorensen ( heavy danish ) so far , we figure the guy who go to ship Channel Bank , be Jim ferry , hardwell , moulton , miyamoto ... gjovaag ( spit ) jap . moran all right , look , if you see this boy ... gjovaag never see you so hard - ass , Art . ai not this just a accident ? moran find he eye drift to ishmael 's . which be right there , wait . moran look away . moran course it be , but a man 's dead , William . I get to write my report . angle ... ishmael and moran , walk alone back up the wharf . the sheriff be worried . finally ... moran I be not gonna see some article about a investigation , be I ? ishmael ( quietly ) you want I to lie ? moran no , I wanna be off the damn record , that 's what I want . no answer . they keep walk . moran I mean , if there be a killer , why would you want he all alert ? silence . silence . and slowly ... ishmael let 's say ... someday I need some cooperation from you on this thing . do I get it ? and look over . like the guy hold all the ace . int . courtroom - day moran fidget on the stand . nel ( o.s. ) no sign of a struggle , you say . see he now . nel gudmundsson , attorney for kabuo miyamoto , stand beside he impassive client . nel be 79 , blind in he leave eye , a little shaky . his body be wind down . moran well , the coffee cup be layin ' right in the middle of the floor , like I say . and with a fella so neat as Carl , that do seem peculiar . and nel begin to walk toward he . limp , as he come . nel as peculiar as a struggle between a 235 pound man , and a assailant strong enough to subdue he ... that leave only a single overturn cup in its wake ? hook ( o.s. ) objection , ask the witness to speculate . nel my gosh , Alvin , be I suppose to object every time you do that ? a real . friendly smile . judge ( wearily ) that 's quite enough horseplay , nel , why do not you act you age ? nel if I do that you honor , I would be dead . some gentle laughter . judge field do not even bother to look annoyed . judge any more homely loveable trick , and you will be worse than that . proceed , gentleman . hook there 's a objection , you h ... judge and it 's overrule , answer the question . if you can recall it . moran maybe the assailant straighten the cabin . and forget the cup . nel right . in the middle . of the floor . moran maybe . nel nod to himself , as if consider that . so that the jury will do the same . nel I think you testify all the light be on . cabin , mast , net light , pick light ... moran yessir , there would be real heavy fog . nel and yet you start the engine right up . with all that light draw all night , the battery have that much charge . do that strike you odd ? moran do not think about it at the time . so no , it do not strike I odd . nel do it now ? moran a little . yes . you have to wonder . nel you have to wonder . and let that sit . scratch he neck . nel you find three battery , you say . a d- 6 and D - 8 in the well . and a spare D - 8 on the cabin floor . correct ? moran it be . nel now I do some measure down at the chandlery . a D - 6 be one inch wider than a D - 8 . it would be too large for the decease 's well . moran he 's do some on - the-spot refit - ting . you could see the side flange be bang away to make room for the D - 6 . nel but he have a spare D - 6 , you say . right there . why not use that ? moran it be dead . we have it test . maybe the D - 6 be the spare and he have to use it . ah . nel maybe he carry a spare that be too large to fit . so he would have to bang out the flange to squeeze it in ? no answer to that . the silence rest . nel sheriff , how many battery and what size do you find on defendant 's boat ? moran two D - 6's . that 's the kind he well be fitte for . nel no spare . moran no . nel so the defendant go out fishing for the night with no spare battery , hmmn ? moran apparently . nel I be curious . the D - 6 that be refitted into the decease 's well . be it exactly the same brand and model as defendant 's ? a beat . moran I believe so . nel now you have testify that the decease be a heavy man , and hard to bring out of the net . stop . think . nel be it possible he head strike the transom , or the stern gunnel , or the net roller , as you be bring he in ? moran I do not think so . nel you do not . think so . moran he be heavy , but we be real careful . but I do not remember he hit anything , anywhere . nel you do not . remember . and clear he throat . nel operate this winch you would rarely operate before , do this awkward job of bring in a drown man of 235 pound ... be it possible . possible that he strike he head after death . possible ? moran possible . but not darn likely . nel ( turn to jury ) no further question . and limp back to the defendant 's table . where kabuo miyamoto sit watch he . int . courtroom - later Horace whaley , the county coroner , fold he stork - like limb uncomfortably . search for the appearance of ease . hook ... so when the sheriff return , you show he the injury to the decease 's head . whaley he say , ' could it be somebody hit he ? ' and I say , ' you want to play sherlock holme , here ? ' shake he head , with a wry , disgust smile . hook do you say more ? whaley I say that if I be play sherlock holme ... I would maybe look for a ... japanese person . with a bloody gun - butt . a right -hande fella , to be precise . hook and why . be that ? slight shrug . whaley well , I be a doctor in the jap theater , in the war . I see that kendo wound , many time . look exactly like this one . hook could you tell I what ' kendo ' be ? whaley japanese stick -fight . they be train as kid , y'know . to kill with stick . and the prosecutor 's eye drift to the defendant . so that the jury 's will do the same . hold on kabuo 's regal bear . his neutral mask . hook ( o.s. ) no further question . ext . strawberry field - dawn mist of early light . two dark figure , little more than silhouettes , measure each other with they lethal bokken staff . we may think of luke skywalker and darth vader , for one be a full - grow man . the other , eight year old . dialogue play in subtitle japanese ... zenhichi hip , stomach , cut . stomach muscle tighten as stroke advance ... and strike a fearsome blow , which the child repel with startling proficiency . we can see zenhichi 's stony face , now . if he be impressed by he son , he do not show it . zenhichi elbow soft , or there be no follow - through . you cut you bokken off from the power of you body , unl ... whap ! whap ! whap ! the boy lash fiercely , the man parry each stroke with blind ease . zenhichi hip sink more . less weight on the heel , so tha ... crash ! the father have send a blow in mid-word , flinging the child like a doll . the boy bounce up , snatching he bokken into ready position . zenhichi ( very quiet ) Zenshin . be constant awareness . of dang ... whap ! the child have unleash a blow at the leave side of he father 's head . it have be block . the staff rest against each other , just above Zenhichi 's ear . there be no anger in either warrior . that we can see . zenhichi elbow soft . a little better . later ... father and son sit on the ground , eat a small meal . the sun have rise , angle light across the undulate field . they be alone in beauty . a long silence . dialogue in subtitle japanese ... zenhichi you can be good with the bokken . if you begin to concentrate . eye on he food . as if alone , as if speak to himself . the boy darting glance , unseen , at he father 's profile . zenhichi you must choose now , kabuo . at eight year . if you want this . kabuo ( boldly ) I want it . the father keep eat . never turn . zenhichi then speak quietly . so you may be hear . int . courtroom - morning whaley stare down the end of he needle - nose . the air of disdain of a man play chess with a unworthy opponent . nel ( o.s. ) so this ... foam you find in the lung . how do it get there ? whaley as I testify . it occur when water , mucus and air be mix by respiration . I believe I say that . nel ( slightly confuse ) but a drown person can not breathe . whaley of course not . the foam mean that he go in breathe . ah . whaley that 's why the autopsy report identify drown as the cause of death . nel meaning that he be not murder first , say on the deck of the boat , and then throw overboard . whaley well ... nel you report say death by drown , which mean he go into the water alive and breathe . and the report be accurate ...? whaley ( bristle ) of course it 's accurate , but ... nel of course , it be . now as to the head injury . you say make by a object narrow and flat . that be you inference , correct ? whaley ( really piss ) it 's my job to infer , that 's what coroner do . you get hit with a crowbar , or a ball - peen hammer , or fall off a motorcycle , the injury look different , that 's my area of expertise . nel nod . he can be quiet now . the witness distract from volunteering the opinion nel do not wish for . nel in you motorcycle example . that injury be produce by the head be propel against a object . Rather than the reverse , yes ? whaley obviously . nel can you tell whether a object move against the head , or the other way around ? or would both look the same . whaley the same . nel so if he head strike something narrow and flat , the gunnel of a boat , a net roller , a fairlead , could that have ... whaley if the head be move fast enough , but I do not see how it could be . nel be it possible ? whaley sure , anything 's poss ... nel be it fair to say that you do not know for certain which it be . whaley I already say that , b... nel and that you can not say for certain whether the head injury be sustained before or after death ? whaley think . whaley for certain , no . nel but you be certain that he die by drown . whaley for the third time , yes . nel nod . whaley be beyond frustrated . whaley can I say something , here ? nel yes , you can tell I about the minor cut you find on the decease 's right hand . the report say ' recent origin ' . how recent ? as much as 24 hour before death ? whaley absolutely not . probably one or two hour . four at the most . a pause . nel be you absol ... whaley yes , I be sure . nel nod . silence . nel thank you , Horace . no more question . Horace want to say more . do not immediately move . judge we will take we luncheon recess . reconvene at ...2 o'clock sharp . the gavel crack onto the block . judge field stand to leave , and the bailiff begin to usher the jury from its box . abel martinson , the deputy , stand near as kabuo rise . as he put he hand gently on kabuo 's arm , the defendant turn smoothly ... ...to face a woman . stand at the rail . and beneath the courtroom buzz ... kabuo how be the kid ? the voice so colloquially american , we be take back . have envision kabuo as a silent samurai . hatsue they need they father . the look hold . abel increasingly uneasy . kabuo well . just a few more day . abel ( cough ) look , Art 's gonna want I t... kabuo ( ignore he ) you look beautiful . abel grasp he arm . hatsue I look terrible . do not sit so straight like tojo 's soldier . the jury will be afraid of you . he think about that . abel tug he . kabuo okay , I will hide under the table from now on . that make you happy ? and for the first time . he smile . and seem suddenly very american indeed . she stare back , she heart in she eye . abel tug harder , but he can not budge the defendant . kabuo I be not go until you smile . but she do not . so he fade . one last look . and he let abel lead he away . hold on she . watch he go . ext . manzanar internment camp - night star above a desert . wind gust . pan barb wire , row of dark barrack blurred by swirl dust , to ... ... a fragile tar paper structure , its ' wall ' rippling pre- cariously . and inside , to see that it be ... int . buddhist chapel - night ...a makeshift sanctuary . candle , offering of fruit . a young couple together before a Buddhist priest . kabuo and hatsue . become one . int . barracks - later a cramped , ramshackle room . Dust blow through gap in the flimsy beam . kerosene light . fujiko imada hang the last of the woolen army blanket to divide the room in half , as she four youngest daughter watch . we push through the blanket to the other side , to see ... ... the newlywed . stand at a window in they wedding clothes . kiss . slow and full . until she whisper into he ear ... hatsue they will hear everything . and she young husband turn . speak to the curtain . kabuo ( loud ) there must be something good on the radio ! she giggle . his hand trace she body . kabuo ( louder ) would not some music be nice ? and in a moment . the music begin . Glenn Miller . a song that send we boy off to war . and we young american prisoner ... ... begin to undress each other . her slender finger find the button of he shirt , deftly undoing it , as he kiss she face . he unclasp she dress . and as it fall from she shoulder , fall to the floor , we push into she eye , and ... intercut she memory of ... ...a beach . two 10 - year-old child float on the water . cling to a wooden box , with a glass bottom for fish -watch . the girl be asian . the boy be not . hatsue ishmael . see the yellow one ? and the boy wriggle around , lean over the box , as if seek a better view . and kiss the girl . full on she startle mouth . back to ... the newlywed . on they cot now . Close together . nake and hungry for each other . kabuo ( loud ) can the music be louder , please ? we can not hear so good in here ! the girl laugh soundlessly . and as the music blare , he have sly he body above hers . a whisper ... kabuo have you ever do this ? a whisper back , sure and strong ... hatsue never . you be my only . and as he enter she . as she hold he close with all she strength . her lip breathe into he ear ... hatsue ... so right . int . courtroom - day hatsue watch she husband disappear through a door . rack focus to see across the way . a man stare at she . ishmael ( v.o. ) course , we grow up together . int . imada parlor - day hatsue at 12 , sit with a old woman who guide she silently , exquisitely , through the ritual of the tea ceremony . ishmael ( v.o. ) her mom have this Mrs. shigemura come on wednesday . teach she how to be japanese . the woman turn the cup in she hand . one-quarter turn . bow slightly , as she present the tea . ishmael ( v.o. ) dance , calligraphy . do she hair . how to sit without move ... ext . hollow cedar - day hatsue and ishmael , both 12 , be sprawle on the ground , shelter in the hollow - out base of a cedar tree . they watch the rain as it pummel the wood around they . she be speak , carefully , thoughtfully . he listen with complete attention . ishmael ( v.o. ) she would tell I storey of this woman and she lesson . as if complain , or at least ex - plain she world ... he shift he position , he body brush against hers , which make he reflexively pull away . she seem not to notice . ishmael ( v.o. ) but I always fantasize . the lesson be for I . int . bedroom - day hatsue sit at a bedroom mirror . Mrs. shigemura watch analytically , as hatsue weave she hair into a thick plait . mrs . shigemura no . you must never look at a man directly . this be part of grace . the girl smile a small sour smile . speak quietly ... hatsue I do not think the boy on this island . be impressed . by grace . the old woman study she without irritation . mrs . shigemura hakujin know nothing of life , hatsue . apparently , the girl have hear this before . mrs . shigemura this be why they fear death . because life here be separate from be . the girl take a long pin . begins carefully to fasten she hair . break eye contact with the mirror . mrs . shigemura it be why they have no soul . be the girl even listen ? the old woman 's voice never rise . remains patient . mrs . shigemura life embrace death , include it . this truth bring tranquility . you must see yourself ... hatsue ... as a leaf . on a great tree . no irony in the girl 's voice . no disrespect . the old woman read the young face in the mirror . mrs . shigemura the pin . could be better place . int . san piedro review - day close on 12 - year - old ishmael . neutral eye . eat a apple . a horrific clanging surround we . the clash of metal on metal . ishmael ( v.o. ) my lesson come from my father . they be different . or seem so , at the time . see arthur chamber now , at the printing press , a enormous lime green contraption , with roller and conveyor pulley in a cast - iron housing . the shriek of metal and gear recall a ancient locomotive . ishmael ( v.o. ) he operate the Review alone , with a integrity and passion for principle that make he a figure of respect . if slightly larger than life . Arthur be a large , rugge man , with round gun - metal rimmed spectacle and garter on he shirtsleeve . he wear the soft , perpetual smile of a Oxford Don , as he gracefully duck in and out of the machine , inspect plate and printing cylinder . ishmael ( v.o. ) he never speak of want I to succeed he . and , in truth , it be the last job on earth I think I would ever want . the boy rise now . set he apple carefully aside . and under he father 's supervision , take he place operate the press . his arm inch from the fearful clatter of the roller . ishmael ( v.o. ) when I be five , he casually mention that if he sleeve get catch in the press , he would be instantly pop open like a child 's balloon , and splatter across the wall . watch ishmael run the monster , coolly , efficiently , with complete concentration . ishmael ( v.o. ) even he bone would disappear , to be discover later on the floor , as strip of white confetti . Arthur turn away , lest he son feel a lack of confidence . pick up the boy 's apple . a crisp bite . ishmael ( v.o. ) which , of course , make I certain that life would have no meaning until I could run that teakettle . ext . MAIN STREET , amity harbor - sunset Arthur and ishmael , now 17 , strolling Main Street in the midst of what seem a festive carnival . ishmael ( v.o. ) he be , for better or worse , the only God in my life . I guess it 's we nature to resent that we know we can never measure up to ... they be pass modest parade float , booth with food and game . a genial crowd of farmer , fisherman , family , both race heedlessly mingling . a community . Arthur unselfconsciously slip he arm over the shoulder of he tall son . ishmael ( v.o. ) ... which keep we from accept the warmth . the way we should . up ahead , a crowd have gather at the step of the courthouse . something 's up . ishmael ( v.o. ) every summer , after harvest , the strawberry Festival be dad 's favor - ite story to cover . good news be he preference . make he a oddity among journalist . as we approach , we see a ceremony begin at the top of the courthouse step . ishmael ( v.o. ) highlight be crown the strawberry princess . always a japanese girl , sort of a unwitting virgin sacrifice to the concept of racial harmony . we be there now . Arthur pull down the same box camera ishmael would use year later . focus up at the mayor , as he place the crown on the radiant young girl ... ishmael ( v.o. ) senior Year . it be hatsue . and as the applause ripple through the crowd . as the strawberry princess acknowledge she subject , she eye fall on ... ... ishmael . she drop he a wink . and a special wave . ishmael ( v.o. ) she wink at I . in public . which be unusual . ext . south beach - day two 14 - year-old alone on a beach . digging for clam in the mud . ishmael ( v.o. ) I have kiss she once , when we be ten . look at fish through a glass -bottome box . it be just a impulse , and no big deal . ishmael pull back from the deep hole , to make room for hatsue to reach down . we can see she finger explore the shell of the dig - in geoduck clam . hatsue he 's still get a good grip . we need to dig more . ishmael ( v.o. ) at school , she keep mostly to the japanese kid , and sort of ignore I . as if all of we time alone together ... in the hollow cedar , everywhere ... be a secret . they be digging now , together . carefully . ishmael ( v.o. ) I tell myself that be good . that it make we friendship special . and do not mean she be ashamed of it . necessarily . hatsue easy . slow be best . gently , she begin to dislodge the clam from its lair . ishmael ( v.o. ) I think about she . sometimes , all the time . I know I be unhappy . but I know if I tell she ... she lift it clear . and as she admire its size and roughness with she fingertip . as she wash it in the shallow . he watch she movement . ishmael ( v.o . ) it might be a mistake . I could never correct . ishmael ( quietly ) I like you . the word make she turn . not startle , exactly . alert . but neutral , without affect . ishmael do you know what I mean , hatsue ? I have always like you . there be no answer . he lean slightly closer , and she look down . this be the moment . afraid and drive , he move slowly to she face . and put he mouth against hers . she let he and , encourage , he push harder , make hatsue ... ... lose she balance , and plant a hand beneath the water to support herself , eye close too tightly , she kiss ishmael for a long moment , before ... ... leaping up , snatching she clam pail and run away down the beach like a deer . he stand slowly . to watch she go . ishmael ( v.o. ) I know in my heart that we would love each other forever . his face be slack and unsmile , but he be helpless with happiness . contemplate this truth . ishmael ( v.o. ) the way she kiss I . she know it , too . ext . imada farm - dusk ishmael crouching at the edge of the farm , in near-darkness . ishmael ( v.o. ) she avoid I for a week . across the distance , the screen door open , light slip across the porch . hatsue appear with a wicker basket , to take the laundry from the line . ishmael ( v.o. ) so this way , I could see she without ... bother anyone . he watch , rapt , as she unpin and fold the clothes , clenching the clothespin in she tooth . then reeling the line again , elegant hand over elegant hand ... ishmael ( v.o. ) I be certain everything would work out . she corral the long sweep of she hair , knotting it deftly , before head inside . ishmael ( v.o. ) and frighten . ext . strawberry field - day Children work field in sunlight . kneel in the row . hatsue with a half - dozen japanese girl , she hair loose , she face lightly sheen with sweat . she work with efficiency and grace , fill she flat . Three row away . ishmael watch . the fear not far beneath the surface of he quiet , dark feature . ishmael ( v.o . ) by two week , I know I have make the define mistake of my life . hatsue 's gaze drift slightly in this direction , and ishmael look down rapidly at he work . cheek burn , certain she be watch . which she be not . ishmael ( v.o. ) I would ruin everything . later ... end of day . the young picker turn in they flat as a gentle rain begin . hatsue count she money , slip it into she pocket , and ... ...run lightly off , into the grow rain . ishmael see . stricken to he soul with long . and indecision . ext . cedar grove - day hatsue , drench , alone with she thought in the protection of the hollow cedar . the rain be drive now , and she glance up . at something we do not see . and watch it . finally ... hatsue you follow I , huh ? pull back to see he . rain pelting off he poor soak form . she be wait for a answer . so ... ishmael sorry . it sort of ... happen , I just ... I follow you . I be sorry . she pull she hair behind she ear . a movement which stretch she body . hatsue I be all wet . she start refasten she hair now , look away . he come inside , crouch as respectfully far from she as he can . which be close . he watch she , watch she , and ... ishmael I be sorry I kiss you on the beach . no reaction . as if she have not hear . now he heart be beat straight through he chest . ishmael let 's just forget about it . forget it happen . she pick up she damp straw hat . and , eye down , trace a finger around its brim ... hatsue do not be sorry . I be not sorry about it . his heart burst within he . and he struggle to keep it from he face . even though she be not watch . ishmael I neither . she turn she face to he , and offer a small smile . it be genuine , and therefore dazzle to the boy . she lie back on the ground . her eye so unafraid and direct . hatsue do you think this be wrong ? he swallow . stare at she lie there so comfortably . ishmael ( v.o. ) the best part be that there be a ' this ' . to debate the wrongness of . ishmael you friend would . you dad would kill I with a machete . hatsue we be japanese , not mexican , ishmael . he will slice you up with a ceremonial sword . ah. better . they be both grin now . hatsue my mom . would be the problem . ishmael why ? we be only talk . her eye flicker . the synapse that a woman can offer a man . hatsue ( softly ) sure . and touch he hand . with she fingertip . the barest whisper ... hatsue I can not hear you . thus invite , he lean down over hatsue . kiss she mouth with all the tenderness in he . this time , she eye close gently . and she body arch slightly , into he . ishmael ( v.o. ) we kiss for half a hour , that first time . and I know there would never be another day like it . rain pounding now . a curtain of water , sealing they from the world . ishmael ( v.o. ) no matter how long I live . int . courtroom - day close on ishmael , once more in the row of reporter . absently knead the stump of he amputate arm . the way some man drum they finger . hook ( o.s. ) ... you be acquainted with the defendant and he family . etta heine be a linebacker in a dress . Stout and german and wary . she be 57 , and pull she hem down tight below she knee . etta him and he folk and two brother and two sister work we land . live in a picker 's cabin at first . hook so the defendant know the decease , you son , even then . etta they fished t'gether . go to school . Carl junior treat he like a white person . like any friend . Said not with pride , but regret . hook but the dispute begin . with the father , yes ? int . heine farmhouse - day etta twenty year young , watch stoically from the parlor window , as she husband carl senior strool the strawberry field with kabuo 's father Zenhichi . Carl be a huge rawbone man , and puff a pipe as Zenhichi stop , sweep he arm this way and that . etta know trouble when she see it . int . kitchen - later etta pour she husband 's coffee . it be very quiet . etta do not sell , Carl . you will regret it . carl sr . only seven acre , and the worst seven , at that . they be decent folk . they get five hunnerd to put down now . etta do not go wavin ' new church clothes at I . we be not such pauper as sell to jap , be we ? for what , a pouch of fancy pipe tobacco ? she walk about the kitchen with she arm fold . too upset to be still . carl sr . they work hard , live clean , do not spend nothin' . even kind to the indjun . people be people , come down to it . etta turn sharply . glare at the big man . he just blink blandly , puff he pipe . she can see this ship have sail . etta you wear the pants , doncha ? go ahead , sell we land to a jap and see what come of it . int . courtroom - day hook pace , slow and calm . this part need to be clear . hook but back in ' 34 , japanese - bear could not own land . so ...? etta Carl hold it for them . call it a lease . they make payment every June and December ... hook why ? if they could never take title . etta they kid be bear here . so when the oldest , that one there , be twenty ... last payment get make , and he could own it . she fold she hand . look kabuo square in the eye . etta but they miss they last two payment . so that be that . int . farmhouse kitchen - day Carl sr. and Zenhichi sit at the table . there be coffee . but it be untouched . etta watch by the stove . etta ( v.o. ) March 1942 , order come down . jap have eight day before the Army be gonna cart them off . Carl light he pipe . compassion in he broad weathered face . carl sr . ( softly ) eight day . it be not right . zenhichi we must leave everything . if you like , you can work we field , sell berry , keep the money . otherwise , they just rot . etta ( v.o. ) jap be shrewd . offer berry he can not use . soften we up about that two payment still to come . and sure enough , Zenhichi produce a neat stack of bill . put they on the table . zenhichi today , I have $ 120 toward next paym ... carl sr . absolutely not , Zenhichi . I be not gonna take you savings at a time like this . the small man spread the bill out . on the table . zenhichi please , you take . then , I send more from where I be go . if not enough , you still have seven acre strawber ... etta think you be givin ' we that . and everything . stop . etta do not you come in here givin ' they away ? now you want $ 130 , after we labor and fertilizer . be that what you come here hopin ' on ? Zenhichi keep he anger within . his face be stone . etta ( v.o. ) I spit on he , and he 's pretend it do not happen that way . how could anyone trust people like that ? etta you want more coffee ? zenhichi no , thank you . take money , please . but Carl be stare at he wife . she stare right back . Carl turn , slide the money toward Zenhichi . carl sr . etta 's be rude to you , and I apologize for that . you keep this money , and that payment will work out fine . somewhere down the road . int . parlor - twilight silence . palpable . two figure sit at opposite end of this darken room , each under a lamp . Carl sr. be read the paper . his face be stone . etta at a small write desk strewn with bill and ledger . her face be angry . a screen door open . slam shut . Big footfalls come . no one look up . carl JR . look at this ! he stand in the doorway . a bamboo fishing road in he giant hand . carl JR . kabuo loan it to I . til he get back . and he parent stare back he . carl JR . it 's great for sea-run cutthroat . the ferrule be smooth , silk wrap . etta take that back . and do it now . the big young face be stunne , hurt . carl JR . I tell kabuo I would take can ... etta that jap owe we . I do not want nothin ' confusing that . the boy look to he father . who say nothing . etta I say now , boy . Supper 's in forty minute . crestfallen , defeat , the boy back away . hear he footfalls . the screen door slam hard . and Carl sr. look at he wife . no sound , until ... carl sr . we be not right together . the word be flat and straight . etta stoic . carl sr . you and I . we just be not right . int . courtroom - day hook settles back . his butt on the edge of the prosecutor 's table . the soul of patience and clarity . hook you say neither of the last two payment be make . but you husband tell defendant 's father that he could pay they ... what , ' down the road ' . and straight back ... etta Road end October 1944 , when my husband pass away . she nod . that 's all there be to it . etta I sell all the land to we neighbor , ole jurgensen . get a fair price , this time . and ... straighten she spine . to deliver the clincher ... etta send all they equity back to that jap down in California . which I do not have to do . specially since my boy be out in the Pacific , gettin ' shot at by jap at the time . hook pause . as if drink this in . hook now defendant 's father have also die by that point . where be the defendant ? when you send he family they equity . etta in the war . Europe , I believe . they could hardly send he to the Pacific , could they ? kabuo watch the woman . eye as hard as she own . hook and when he come home . do he write you about this ? or phone , perhaps . etta just show up at my door , big as life and twice as mean . want to talk to my son . int . etta' apartment , amity harbor - day kabuo stand at the open door . no one be invite he inside . etta he 's over the ocean , fight the jap . they be just about lick . kabuo ( quietly ) just about . and there it sit . etta when Mr. heine pass away , I could not farm the place myself , could I ? you be gonna have to talk to ole about ... kabuo I just do . he do not know we be one payment away . you do not tell he Mr. heine promise my fath ... etta I be s'pose to tell he there 's some illegal contract muddle thing up ? you folk do not make you pay - ment . in America , bank come in and repossess you land . I do not do anything wrong . kabuo stand . calm , unblink . kabuo nothing illegal . wrong be a different mat ... etta get out of here . kabuo you sell we land out from under we , Mrs. heine . you take advantage of the fact that we be go . you ... slamm . the door have close in he face . and kabuo stand there . as if decide . whether to break it down . int . courtroom - day hook stand at the jury box now . look at they , as he ask ... hook what do you mean by ' dirty look ' ? etta well . every time I see he in town or somewhere , he 's starin ' at I with this narrow eye . givin ' I he mean face . hook when you son come back from the war , what do he say about all this ? etta that he would keep a eye on miyamoto . watch out for he . hook do he see some danger from defen ... nel objection . ask witness to speculate about decease 's state of mind . hook all right . what do you son say to that effect ? she look up . as if try to recall . etta he say he wish kabuo would forget about he seven acre , and stop lookin ' at we cross -ey . hook stare at the jury . hold the moment . hook you witness . and go slowly back to he seat . nel wait until he opponent be seat . then , rise . nel just three question . the miyamoto family buy you seven acre for $ 4500 ? etta try to . default on they payment . nel second question . what do ole jurgensen pay you per acre ? etta a thousand . nel so that make what would have be $ 4500 into $ 7000 , do not it ? if you send the equity back , you have a profit of $ 2500 . etta be that you third question ? nel it be . etta you do you math right . the old man wear a thin , cold smile . nel you , too . no further question . hold on kabuo . as he watch etta rise heavily from the box . ext . deep forest - first light mist of moment before dawn . as tendril part , there be enough light to see ... ...ey . they be asian . they be razor- keen . pull back to reveal ... ... kabuo alone in g.i. gear and helmet . rifle up high , sweat on he face , move soundlessly , turn in a circle as he go , until ... ...he stop . a heartbeat of silence . then ... ... the blast of automatic tracer tear through tree , as he whirl and return FIRE in a single motion , until ... silence . his heart be pound . he wait . wait . weapon at the ready , he push through the dense foliage to see ... ... the 15 - year-old german soldier , splay on the forest floor , he chest tear and bloody . kabuo 's gaze lock with the boy' . the young soldier 's empty leave hand reach out in a a plea , and as kabuo step forward , the boy 's right hand come suddenly ... ... into view , metal glinting in motion , as kabuo ... ... blows the boy away with staccato rifle burst that jump the already - lifeless body like a electric jolt . and fall from the kid 's hand , not a pistol , but ... ... id tag . no expression on kabuo 's face . none at all . he move on . int . courtroom - day ole jurgensen wobble slightly in the witness box , hand rest on the cane plant unsteadily between he frail leg . his eye leak water , he beard be wispy and unkempt . hook be that he exact word ? ole ( shaky ) he say Mrs. heine rob he . Mr. heine never woulda let no such ting like that hap ... hook robbed . he be angry . ole oh , yeh . he say someday he would get he land back . hook nodd . nodding . hook Mr. jurgensen . do he offer to buy the seven acre from you ? ole oh , yeh . but this be nine year ago , I have my healt , I be not wantin ' to sell . hook and then you stroke come this summer . and you put you property on the market , I believe you say September 7 . which , remember , be eight day before Carl heine die . and who come spetember 7 , want to buy ? ole Carl heine come . hook pause . let that sink in . hook but Carl be a fisherman . and successful at it . ole he say he do not want that life no more . he would be save to buy a farm . he be sorry I get sick . but pretty excited to get back he father 's place . the old man 's head bob . recalling . ole liesel and I . be happy for he . hook smile . as if he would be happy , too . anyone would be . hook and later , that same day . only eight day before Carl heine die . do another prospective buyer appear ? ext . farmhouse porch - day ole sit in a wicker chair at a wicker table . his wife liesel be set out cold drink . but they visitor stand rigid , disbely . liesel I be sorry to tell you , we take he earnest money , he shook ole 's hand . come November , he will sell he boat , and take over the farm . kabuo be thunderstruck . kabuo but you sign ... ole we di not have no time to take it down . he just come ten o'clock . kabuo nod . his voice be soft , but he eye be steel . kabuo it 's my fault . I should have come earlier . he look so odd , perhaps he 's ill . liesel look concerned . ole if you want t'buy they seven acre . Carl heine 's the only fella can sell them . int . courtroom - evening the witness box be empty . the snow outside the window be fall in darkness . and judge lew field be lean he frame toward the juror ... judge I apologize for keep you folk from you family in a storm like this . I do hope you will be reasonably comfortable in the hotel tonight . and one more thing ... he smile softly . judge this Court take judicial notice of the fact that tomorrow be the 13th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor . slight pause . to make sure they be listen . judge which have no relationship to this trial . which be why I mention it . gavel crack down . judge 10 o'clock tomorrow , folk . stay warm . int . courthouse corridor - minute later hatsue walk briskly down the crowded hallway , she eye search the bench lining the corridor ahead . her view obscure by the crowd hurry to fight the storm . suddenly ... ... she stop . because there . on a bench . sit ishmael . next to he , a round japanese - american baby boy of 11 month . before he , squat the boy 's sister , eight and four . all be watch ishmael ... ... manipulate a coin . it roll across he knuckle and back again , with amazing dexterity . then , he snatch it into he palm . hold up he fist . all little eye be glue . the fist ... ...open . it be empty . there be gasp . ishmael know where it be ? they do not . ishmael it 's in my other hand . the four-year - old laugh . her big sister sock she . and Mom step in . the man look up , with the sweetest smile . ishmael you mother go to the bathroom . she say I could show they a trick . four -year-old he doesn't have a other hand ! hatsue be not smile . nor be she angry . even awkward come to she in a graceful way . she scoops up she son . hatsue thank you for you help . ( to the girl ) let 's go find obaasan . and without even glance at he , she head off at a brisk pace . the girl follow . the four-year- old turn back to wave once . and then they be go . int . jail - night kabuo stand outside the open steel door of he tiny cell , as abel martinson clumsily unfasten the manacle . a cot , a toilet without a seat , a bare bulb hang from a wire . no window to the outside world . only the small bar one in the cell door . as the manacle fall away ... ... abel remove two object from he pocket . abel this be from nel , I can not see the harm . do not tell Art , okay ? hand he two candy bar . a snicker . and a baby Ruth . kabuo look at they ... in spite of himself . kabuo smile . remember ... int . jail - day kabuo sit in jailhouse overall on the edge of he cot . motion - less . on a private journey of the mind . the door clang open ... moran this here be nel gudmundsson , he 's you attorney . kabuo look over . that flat , unsmile gaze . the old man have a fold chessboard and a Havana cigar box under he arm . they eye lock , as if the sheriff be not even here . and moran leave , close the door with respectful quiet . nel do not smile , do not speak . open the chessboard on the cot . open the cigar box fill with chess piece , two cigar , a snicker and a baby Ruth . he put the candy bar by kabuo 's pillow , a silent gift . begins to set up the chessboard . kabuo what make you think I play ? nel you daddy play . I ask , down at the japanese Community Center . you smoke cigar ? and offer one up , rough and black . kabuo I be not sure . I better check down at the Center . kabuo smile only with he eye . nel nod , maybe you better . light he own cigar . put the match and the other cigar at kabuo 's side . nel White or black ? kabuo you mean , do I like to take the offensive ? or hang back and wait . that seem answer enough for nel . he turn the board around to where he have white , and make the first move . nel Nice . when two fella understand each other . kabuo pick up the cigar . strike a match . ........................................................... white . kabuo move a black bishop . nel ' eye shoot around the table . he reach and knock over kabuo 's black king . kabuo blink , study the board silently . then smile . he unwrap the snicker bar . break it in half . hand one piece across to he lawyer . series of angle ... rapid cut , different day , nel in different suit , chess piece in different position , each time nel reach to topple kabuo 's king . the last time ... kabuo have to study the board for a beat . shake he head . kabuo you must think I like lose . nel I think you like learn . and lean he old bone back against the hard wall . nel I , too . that 's why I come . pull out two cigar . kabuo look at they . nel Bet there 's a few thing you could teach I . kendo , for one . kabuo sure . I could take a fishing gaff and split you head open . right above you leave ear . no smile . steady gaze . kabuo you would not even see it move . nel you be wonderin' ... how come I never ask . if you do it . hand one cigar . across the chessboard . nel now , you have tell I you kill four man . in Germany . so I know you be the kind of man who can kill . when there 's a reason . kabuo ( very quiet ) guess I be . take the cigar . roll it between he thumb and forefinger . nel you feel guilty . that you take they life . that 's in you eye . strike a match . nel ( softly ) jury see what I see . more often than not . reaches stiffly . kabuo bend toward he . accept the flame . take a puff . nel prosecutor think . what be you reason ? to kill Carl heine . kabuo say not a word . nel well , there be the land itself . raise you child where you be raise . sleep with you wife at night , ' stead of bein ' alone on the sea . bring the match to he own cigar . careful . expert . nel there 's fairness and honor . you be cheat by that old bitch . Boy , she be something . kabuo ( simply ) she 's not alone . world within that word . nel ( a murmur ) none of we be . and in that . nel and prejudice , like you say . you people lock in a concentration camp . you go off to fight for we country 's freedom . come back to this . shake he head . nel but Mr. hook have miss the one reason . one reason . you coulda do it . a flicker . behind the defendant 's eye . nel I read you etta heine 's deposition . so I could watch you mind . like I do when you move you rook , or when I move mine . a smile now . very kind . very sad . nel and you be not think about she . or about land . or about you . no , you be not . and in the gentlest voice ... nel no , someone cheat you , you can rise above that . you be a family man . you put they ahead of you , hmmn ? he sigh . but ... nel be not you she dishonor . and the old water eye be rock steady now . nel you father be a strong and tireless man . honest to a fault . kind , and humble as well ... there be a silence . and then ... kabuo ( real quiet ) Nice . when two fella . understand each other . they let that sit . nel now this jury be gonna be lookin ' at the evidence with one eye . and at you with the oth ... kabuo Mr. gudmundsson , we know what that jury be look at . he will not let hs eye lie to this man . nel you father need you . to return to you family . silence . nel so every time you think about show that jury strength . or honor or composure . or dignity . kabuo I should show they a american ? nel see the rage . it break he heart . it make he feel old and helpless . nel show they a innocent man . what he stare at now . be a neutral mask . as powerful and opaque as the voice be quiet . kabuo shame you could not play chess with my dad , sir . he would kick you ass . int . ishmael' apartment - night through glass , snow be tumble in endless cascade , the world dwarf by a descend heaven . a sound , a strange soft click . pan across ... ... the small , well - keep bachelor apartment . neat stack of book on the floor , catch the overflow of shelf cramme full . someone like to read . another soft click . to ... ... the kitchen now , along the floor . a awkward high - top shoe , its buckle strap above elastic lace that fasten across the instep . the shoe step on a crude wooden pedal . and we hear another click . pan up along a vertical strip of mesh wire to ... ...a plywood contraption , hold by a partially close drawer . a piece of spring steel hold a set of nail clipper . ishmael insert he pinkie carefully . click . finishes clipping the fingernails of he only hand . and look out . at the magic of white . ext . hollow cedar - day safe within they haven , the 18 - year- old kiss and hold each other urgently . they tongue explore each other 's mouth , she leg open beneath she skirt , press she body up against he . ishmael ( v.o. ) I give she all of my soul to love . I know someday we would live in France . Italy . somewhere . Far from the thing that upset she . angle ... later , they lie so quietly . her head nestle in the crook of he arm , he gently play with she hair . her face so still , so thoughtful and grave . ishmael ( a murmur ) you do not have to be so tragic , you know . ah. her dark eye flicker . hatsue ( dry ) kind of magical , the way you know how to comfort a girl . she cut the irony by send she fingertip to stroke he . hatsue I can just feel my spirit soar . ishmael well , I do not do it for just anybody . and kiss she head . but she eye still stare off into the tangle of she worry . he draw a breath ... ishmael there can not be any wrong in this , ha ... hatsue I lie to my parent every day . and every night . his light tone against the fear ... ishmael well . since I never tell you folk , I guess I be lie to them , too . but you do not hear I complain about it . she wind she finger with he . loyalty against she doubt . very soft with ... hatsue I be in awe . of you strength . int . school bus - day hatsue sit with the japanese kid . ishmael with he friend . the bus fill with stone - face teenager listen to the driver , who brandish he newspaper at the japanese side of the bus ... driver ... not just Pearl , they be attackin ' all over the Pacific , the whole fleet 's destroy . the FBI 's in Seattle right now ... and pause . his eye move from one japanese face to the next . be you listen ? driver ... arrest jap traitor , the spy and everything . there will be a blackout tonight , so keep you radio off . so the jap do not pick up no signal . you get the message ? stare they down . until , from across the bus ... ishmael ( o.s. ) hey , Mr. lamberson , over here ! the driver 's eye snap around . the tall boy be wait . ishmael I have a radio , too . do not you want to be sure I get the message ? ishmael see the anger . he 's not afraid of it . ishmael just check . int . san piedro review - late night the horrid clanging of the great rattletrap press , Arthur Chambers ducking nimbly among the roller . ishmael ( v.o . ) it be a special edition , a extra . my father write , ' this people be we neighbor , they have send they son to the United States Army ... ' print fly onto paper as it roll through the green metal gauntlet . ishmael ( v.o. ) ' they be no more a enemy than we fellow islander of german or italian descent . ' belary -ey ishmael , pull finish copy from the bin . as he stack they for delivery , he read aloud , above the clash of metal ... ishmael ( sleepy and loud ) let US so live that , when it be over , we can look each other in the eye . and know we have acted honorably . Big yawn . it 's really late . he turn , and see ... ...his father . stare at he . ishmael ( v.o. ) I guess courage never inspire the young . until the danger of it bite they butt . ext . wood - twilight they walk slowly up the path . a arm around each other 's waist , they body brush as they go ... hatsue my father can not get we money from the bank . we have a few dol ... ishmael it will be over soon . I can get you money . she stop . by a weathered fence , cover in vine . it 's grow dark . hatsue it 's not go to get better , okay ? she sigh . he move close , look so grave . hatsue they arrest Mr. shirazaki , because he farm be near a navy transmitter . and he family can not leave they house . what can he say . ishmael it 's just Pearl Harbor . people be a little crazy , right n... hatsue look at my face . it 's the face of the people who do that . my father hardly speak English . we be in bad trouble , you have to see that . he reach . touches this face that he love with all he heart . force up a smile . ishmael maybe we can fix you eye . she lean up . cross she eye in a goofy expression . then kiss he mouth . when she pull back ... ishmael do not let this hurt we , okay ? whatever happen . and she study this boy . know more than he can ever understand . and choose to whisper ... hatsue it will not . you will see . int . imada farmhouse - night hatsue and she older daughter be set the farmhouse table , as snow drift down beyond the window . plates and flatware . glass and napkin . slowly , in silence , as if a ritual bond mother and daughter . she glance to the next room ... ...her mother fujiko play with the baby . her father hisao read the paper . smoke he pipe . and hatsue be motionless for a moment . watch he . int . imada farmhouse - day close on hatsue at 18 , stare with silent anger great than she fear . hisao ( o.s. shaky ) we be loyal . pull back to see the room . hatsue and she sister side by side , stare at the table . on it rest a shotgun , four box of shell , a ceremonial sword . a FBI agent , a small man in a dark suit , be tagging each item . he wear a light , perpetual , insincere smile . fujiko everyone on the island have this thing . fujiko at she husband 's side . she be quietly indignant . he be frighten . agent ( overly casual ) well , they will hold this stuff for a little bit , then ship it back to you . it 's nothing to worry about . and walk over to the tansu , a chest of drawer , and begin to remove item ... agent you folk have be real polite , and we will be outta you hair in just a second ... ...a silk kimono with gold brocade sash ... agent that 's very nice . from the old country , it appear . very high class . and lay it on another table . next to a bamboo flute , a stack of shakuhachi sheet music . agent this be real nice thing . they will take special care of them . hisao see he wife 's sudden alarm . and , as respectfully as he can manage ... hisao the flute be precious . the kimono , the music . must you take th ... agent ...oh yeh , any old country stuff , we have to take . and see on the sofa , a open album . stroll over . fujiko this be only my daughter 's scrapbook . for she memory . so he pick it up . do not see hatsue stiffen with repulsion , as he wander , thumbing through it , toward the hallway ... agent ( call out ) Wilson ? do not go paw through the underwear ! and chuckle . he know they appreciate a joke . it mean there 's nothing to be afraid of . stop turn page now . look up , he eye move until they find hatsue . agent strawberry princess , huh ? you musta be flatter by that . look just like y... the soft slamm of a screen door . another agent , large and shambling in he too-small suit , be carry a crate . and a tell look . agent # 2 ( quiet triumph ) dynamite . twenty - four stick . and the crate bang onto the table . just beside the kimono . lift out two stick and hold they high . proof . hisao you must believe . this for tree stump . for clear land . the small man 's smile fade now . first time . and he eye fix hisao before he speak . as if read he mind . agent maybe . maybe . but this be still bad , y'see . fujiko slip she hand into she husband 's . to give he strength . agent it 's illegal contraband , you be s'pose to turn this stuff in . we , uh ... slight shrug . agent we gotta arrest you . have to take you to Seattle . fujiko 's breath catch . one of the daughter whimper . the silence hang thick and frightening . the bigger agent unhook a pair of handcuffs from he belt , but ... agent naw , you do not need that . mister eee-ma-da-san here be a class act , a real gentleman . the young girl be cry now , cling to they sister . the agent regret this . fujiko please , reconsider . he have do no bad th ... agent well , nobody know that yet , do they ? so , best for a honest man to clear he name for godd and all . ai not that right ? agent only a few question in Seattle , okay ? few question , few answer , the whole thing be over . he put he hand on hisao 's arm . not roughly , but much firmer than the ease of he voice ... agent simple as that . int . farmhouse kitchen - night eight page of a letter , carefully write in kanji character , fold neatly on a table . fujiko ( o.s. ) why do I read you this distre - sing letter ? from you father . from this hakujin ... work camp , it be call . in Montana . pull back to see mother and five daughter around the table . even the youngest girl somber , attentive . as if they have age this past few week . fujiko because you need to know the darkness . in the heart of the hakuj ... hatsue ( blurt ) not all of they . the silent wake of she outburst , she interruption , linger . her mother study she . fujiko the white be enslave by they ego , hatsue . each believe he aloneness be everything . we seek union wi ... hatsue ... the one seek union with the Greater life bomb Pearl Harbor . they be not humble . I be not part of they , I be part of here . her voice so loud , so insistent . her sister be afraid for she . to have show such disrespect . they look down at they hand . or away , as if not hearing . fujiko ( quietly , slowly ) I see this . this lack of purity be a mist around you soul . I see it every day , it haunt you face in unguard moment . the room be still as the grave . the mother 's eye burn silently . fujiko I see it in you eagerness to leave here . and walk the wood . in the afternoon . what do she know ? hatsue 's heart pound . and to she surprise , she mother 's voice soften ... fujiko if you lose you true self , hatsue . true self ... the stern warning , the unrelent judgement , have become a plea . fujiko there be no way back . int . ishmael' kitchen - night ishmael wash he supper plate . his fork and knife . his coffee mug . his skillet . hard labor with one hand . and as he work , he look at ... ... the window above he sink . darkness and moonlit snow . and he own reflection . close on he face in the glass , and match dissolve to ... int . san piedro review - night ... Arthur Chambers . weary . worn behind the smile of know ease , as he sip coffee from a mug of he own . his boy sit across from he in the silent press room . foot up , read they paper . its headline , island japanese accept army mandate to move . ishmael see , you bring it on yourself . 23 lady honore by the pta , you single out three name . and they be all japanese . that be not journalism . arthur ( quietly ) because ...? ishmael have hear this gently prodding word all he life . he sigh . ishmael because journalism . be just the fact . arthur which fact ? you can not print they all . journalism be balance . find the fact folk need to know . the boy look dryly at he father . slap the page with the back of he hand . ishmael hence . the letter . Arthur close he eye . recites from memory ... arthur ' seem like you be favor the jap , art. writin ' all about they patriotism and loyalty with nothin ' ' bout the treachery . ' a smile in the voice . a sad one . arthur ' you newspaper be a insult to all white Americans . please cancel my subscription and send refund . ' now the smile be on he face . even sadder . arthur the call be better . ' jap lover get they ball cut off and stuff down they ...' ( shrug ) miss the rest . hanging up will do that . silence . two man . watch each other . arthur we lose the price - rite ad . and lottie opsvig 's shop , and larsen 's lumberyard and the anacortes Cafe . and 30 percent of we subscriber . a deeper silence . ishmael integrity be expensive stuff , huh ? arthur valuable thing . sometimes be . toast he son . with coffee . arthur but . I have get the answer . a wink . a swallow of Joe . arthur print four page . instead of eight . ext . hollow cedar - dusk they lie so close . they body touch , not move . they face inch apart , so that every word be a murmur ... hatsue you be like I . you have learn to be devious . he 's never see she this fragile , this scared . he know he have to be strong for she . ishmael it 's not devious , it 's what we have to do . you be leave tomorrow ... he unty she hair . so gently . tries to keep he smile calm , steady ... ishmael you write to my house , and put Kenny yamashita 's name on the return address . it 's no big deal . he bring he face to she hair . kiss it . ishmael you smell like cedar . her eye be wide . they move over he face . a murmured ... hatsue so do you . it 's you smell I will miss as much as anything . he look in she eye . and word come from he heart , before he can stop they ... ishmael let 's get marry , okay ? her eye fill with tear . be they from happiness ? ishmael I want to marry you . be that okay ? her face so still . one tear fall , and he kiss it . ishmael ( a whisper ) just say yes . no answer . not know what to say , she wind a arm behind he head , and bring he nearer . his mouth open into hers , with more force , more of he heart , than he have ever give . deep and tender . his hand reach beneath she dress ... ... peel she panty down she thigh ... ishmael ( v.o. ) when something that mean you whole life . be the last time ever ... and suddenly , he be over she , draw she leg up around he ... ishmael ( v.o. ) God should tell you . or it 's not fair . her head tilt back , she eye squeeze close . and as he enter she ... ishmael ( whisper ) please say yes ... ...her hand grasp he upper arm . and push away . hatsue ( softly ) no. and he blink . as if waking from a dream . everything have stop . her face be strong and yet overflow with regret . hatsue no . no . it be not right . so he draw away . stun , uncomprehend . watch with blank eye , as she stare up at he . then , with dignity and tenderness , he help she dress , he eye awkwardly away from hers ... ishmael it feel right to I . it feel like get marry . she draw she leg up . kneel now , put she hand on he face ... but no word come . no word . until ... hatsue I will write you . and kiss he fiercely , and bolt up before he can grab she , running off like a deer , while he ... ... kneel . his mouth open . like a silent scream . ext . amity harbor ferry - morning a army truck pull up behind several other in cold morning air . hesitantly , look in all direction , fujiko , hatsue , and she four sister climb from the truck , to see ... ishmael ( v.o. ) on Monday , March 30 , 1942 , the United States Army graciously transport the imada woman to the dock . ...a ferry , the kehloken , stand wait . Soldiers be dis - tribute tag for luggage and coat . the evacuee , mostly woman , stand in the cold , try to smile bravely for each other . and line against the railing ... ishmael ( v.o. ) lifelong neighbor come to watch . curiosity mask as kindness ... ...a cluster of white islander gawk as they japanese neighbor file toward the ferry . a middle - age woman wave to fujiko , who cast she eye down , refuse to acknowledge the greeting . and just as they reach the gangway ... ... hatsue see ishmael , who stand at a unobtrusive distance , among a group of student . she pause . her eye hold he for a heartbeat ... ishmael ( v.o. ) ... with some exception . the wisp of a smile . and she be go . ext . imada front porch - night hatsue come alone onto the white - blankete porch . snow be no longer fall . she take out a cigarette , light it impassively . the mannerism make she seem fully american , despite the porcelain impenetrability of she asian exterior . she close she eye , and ... ... draw deep on the smoke . the act seem to cause she pain . when the eye open , they be frighten , unguard . nowhere to turn . the next puff look desperate , and she flip the cigarette out onto the snow . jam she hand in the pocket of she parka , stamp she foot against the cold , the helplessness . and look out ... ... strawberry field , endless and white , shimmer in filter moonlight , become ... ext . manzanar internment camp - night ...a moonlit desert . pan the barb wire , the distant barrack , the desolation . come to ... ... two woman walk alone . the young one glance at she mother as they go . fujiko 's eye unreadable , stare implacably ahead . the barrack , everything , in distance behind they . hatsue you think we be far enough away now ? no sarcasm in the voice . she let the word carry she irony . her mother stop . look at she so directly , so strong . even she tough -mind daughter flinch slightly . hatsue Mom , whatever this be , they do not keep war secret this carefully . fujiko think that over . nod . fujiko secret be hard to keep . she go over to a large , flat rock . sit down . pull two sheet of paper from she coat . and wait . as she daughter come and crouch at she foot . fujiko clear she throat . fujiko this letter . be open . by mistake . and watch . as the shard of fear penetrate she daughter 's mask . silence . then ... fujiko ( read ) ' my love . I still go to we cedar tree in the afternoon every day . I shut my eye , wait . ' hatsue have turn to stone . to ice . wind blow . fujiko ( read ) ' I smell you smell . and I dream of you . and I ache for you to come home . so I can hold you and feel you near . ' fujiko scan the page silently . turn to the second ... fujiko ( read ) ' after all this year that we have be together , I find you be a part of I . without you , I have nothing . all my love , forever ... ' and look up . her eye calm , quiet . fujiko the neighborhood boy . who teach you to swim ? the look hold . and hold . hatsue you should not have open that . it be mis ... fujiko ( so quiet ) how deceitful of I . anger only at the edge . like finely - hone steel . fujiko how can I ever hope . for you forgiveness . the wind swirl a cloud of dust between they . they seem not to notice . fujiko I have write this letter to the boy 's parent ... she pull out a single page . hand it down to she daughter . hatsue 's eye move quickly over the word . fujiko attraction be no crime , certainly among child . the dishonor lie in the concealment . from you family . watch she daughter read . and quietly ... fujiko I know that you know this . I know you have suffer . even if the hakujin could not . silence . hatsue 's eye cast down . she fold the page . fujiko there will be no further letter . no contact of any k... and stop . because hatsue be tearing the page in two . she look up . into she mother 's shock . hatsue one more letter . I will write it . you may read it , and send it for I . her mother 's anger fade . into interest . hatsue I deceive more than you . I deceive this sweet boy . and myself . it be never love . never love . the mother 's face change . there be understanding , acceptance . even pride . hatsue I will work hard . to earn you forgiveness . a sigh . a sadness deep , beyond she year . hatsue I can never hope for he . int . barracks - night mother and daughter enter they crude quarter . they find hatsue 's sister sit on the wooden floor , watch ... ...a team of young men , work with tool and piece of lumber . one be building shelf , two other , a chest of drawer . they leader kneel tack scrap of tin over the knothole on the floor . one girl beam at she mother ... sumiko this boy be building we a mansion ! the leader grin and rise . bow slightly to fujiko . he be , of course ... kabuo I be kabuo miyamoto , Mrs. imada . the woman smile . bow slightly in return . fujiko we be in you debt , miyamoto - san . how be you parent , you family ...? kabuo my father be sick with the camp food . the rest of we be fine . do not speak of dept , please , we just want to help . and glance . to the eldest daughter . in the doorway . kabuo hi , hatsue , remember I ? she look back , without expression . there be much on she mind . his smile be handsome , easy . kabuo I be a senior when you be a junior . but I have see you around . she toss she hair free of the parka . gather it in she hand . say only ... hatsue hello . can not win a smile , but he do not seem to mind . kabuo Nice to see you . ext . apartment house rear porch - night ishmael step from the building onto the rear porch . he draw from he coat a black cigar . box of match . the cigar go into he mouth . with amazing dexterity ... ...he slip a single match from the box , turn he face to the wall , and still palming the box , strike a match on the buckle of he belt , bring it smoothly to the cigar for a few critical puff before the match die . he turn toward ... ... the field . stretch treeless , endless , seemingly to the horizon . bath in filter moonlight , they become ... ext . tarawa atoll - night ... the shimmer Pacific . we be with ishmael in a lcvp landing craft , as he platoon enter Tarawa lagoon . bob past two destroyer fire in wave at the beach . ishmael and he platoon mate watch with adrenaline - fuel fear as amphibious tractor draw fire on the sand , one explode in flame . ishmael ( v.o. ) her letter reach I on the North Island of New Zealand . so I have a month to think it over ... Men around he be shouting , cursing , jostling against each other , frighten out of they mind , as shell pound the ocean , horrify - ingly huge and near . ishmael ( v.o. ) I write she four time . ' I hate you with all my heart . I hate you , hatsue , I will hate you always ! ' suddenly they craft run aground on the hide reef . they be still 300 yard from shore . ishmael ( v.o. ) I never send the letter . I want to kill as many jap as possible . squad leader move it , move it , move it , let' go !! the squad leader go over the side , ishmael and other follow , struggle with 85 pound pack . as ishmael hit the water , the squad leader be shot in the face , a man five yard from ishmael have the top of he head blown away , man be dropping in number under the withering burst of fire , the deafen ordnance sweeping over the shriek of terror and agony , and ishmael ... ... submerges behind he pack , splash hard , keep its bulk ahead of he as a shield , until he can wade and swim and plunge toward shore , as hellfire crash everywhere , dead body float , machine - gun blast whipping the water 's surface , ishmael at ... ... the shallow now , man rise to make a run at the seawall , be CUT down , ishmael crouching in the water , watch other man draw fire , and in a moment 's lull , four of they and ishmael ... ... go for it , lung bursting , pound madly up the sand , one shot dead , another scream as he knee be blow away and go down writhe , as three man ... ... make it to the wall . gasp , puke , shiver with cold and fright . they have no gear , no weapon . one of they be ishmael . he look back to ... ishmael ( v.o. ) Eric bledsoe be bleed to death . thirty yard away . bullet flying everywhere , chewing up the sand . the young man twitching , plead ... bledsoe ( cry ) oh , shit , please , please help I you guy , come on , help I , fuck help I , please ...! and flat against the seawall , three man watch . not dare to look at each other . ishmael ( v.o. ) I know nothing could save he . Hell , I do not have so much as a band - aid . I also know I be a coward . for not give up my life to try . ext . seawall - day ishmael and he companion have be join by other . sixty or so man mill in the shadow of the seawall . the beach be litter with dead marine and wounded , call for help . as ishmael glance up , a sergeant leap onto the seawall , cigarette dangle from he mouth ... sergeant you pussy be the kinda chickenshit deserve to have you ball chew off real slow when this be over ! stands with he hand on he hip . the man below he properly mesmerize . sergeant any man who will not follow I over this wall be a cornhole - fucker with a half - inch hard - on wh ... the word CUT off by the shell that rip through he spine , open he shirt front as he pitch forward flat upon the sand . no one look . no one speak . it never happen . ishmael ( v.o. ) I want to live . and I do not know why . ext . seawall - night ishmael have a carbine now and a field machete . pull back to reveal 300 marine all down the wall , a strike force assemble from the survivor of multiple landing . ishmael ( v.o. ) some colonel come down the beach . any man who do not go over the wall at 2100 would be court - martial , disgrace and imprison ... every man lining up now , rifle at the ready . ishmael ( v.o. ) the captain who follow say shot on sight . they seem more resign , or be it stunne numb , than terrify . there be no interaction . each man deal with he own inside . and suddenly ... ... squad leader go over the wall , the fire erupt , and three hundred marine scramble into the tooth of it , mortar and machine - gun barrage lighting the sky from the row of batter palm tree , ishmael sprint , the man next to he go down , ishmael turn instinctively , and a shot ... ... rip into he leave bicep , spinning he off he foot in slo - mo , fall to dirt as all go ... black . int . shipboard operating room - night ishmael feverish , writhe unconscious against the strap that hold he to a table . all around he , a hell of man and blood and doctor and limb and shout curse they never show we on m.a.s.h . ishmael ( v.o. ) my arm be deal with by a pharmacist 's mate , whose surgical career be four hour old . ishmael lurch , he eye pop OPEN , wild and bleary ... ishmael ( v.o. ) he use a handsaw . ... see there , in a corner , on a pile of blood - soak dressing ... ...his leave arm . ishmael ( v.o. ) I dream of it , now and then . the way my finger curl . against the wall . he blink at it . realizing at last that the arm be he ... ishmael ( v.o. ) ... fuck goddam jap bitch ! a orderly turn at the word . nod . as if he know . ishmael ( v.o . ) it be all I could think of to say . his eye squeeze shut . ishmael ( v.o. ) there be nothing more to say . for a long while . int . kabuo' cell - late night close on a dark blue suit . clean shirt . hanging on a hook against the green wall . pan across the bar in the cell door 's tiny window . all be dark out there , and silent . here ... ... the bare bulb glow . its light throw shadow of castle and horse across the chessboard . kabuo cross -legge on the floor , alone . his back erect . his eye calm . stare at the piece . ext . wood - night kabuo at 19 sit on the earth . by a shovel . by a lantern . this place be shield by tree . pan across the ground to ... ...his father . slowly , reverently , place object into burlap sack , beside a shallow hole in the earth . wooden sword , hakama pants , a bokken , scroll write with care . dialogue play in subtitle japanese ... zenhichi you great - grandfather be a samurai , a magnificent soldier . the father never look at the son . only at he work . zenhichi he kill himself . on the battlefield . at kumamoto . the boy know this . yet he entire be be focus on every word . zenhichi he go to battle with a sword . against rifle , mind you . know what honor require . a elegant sword . its curve blade gleam in the lantern light . zenhichi he be angry . to the point of be crazy , yes . but he know what honor . required . a separate sack , just for this . fold with respect . zenhichi honor can require loyalty . revenge . death . it go into the ground . with the other . he seem nearly overcome now . by some emotion that sweep through he . prompt the boy to murmur ... kabuo this be safe , father . the hakujin will never for ... zenhichi ( quietly ) ... it be the only scale ... meaning , be still . so the boy be still . zenhichi only scale . in which we worth . be weigh . the man gaze into the hole . at he treasure . zenhichi every life end . and if it end dishonor . it be as if ... and turn to he son . to complete the word . kabuo ( in English ) ... we have never live . there be love . there be strength . there be no more to say . int . courtroom - day sheriff moran sit in the witness box , blade - thin and fidget ever so slightly . uncomfortable in the limelight . in he hand be four piece of rope . moran well , this one here come off miyamoto 's boat . match all he other , wear equal and so on . but this one here ... hold it up for hook . so the jury can see . moran ... come off third cleat from the stern , port side . and it 's brand new . unlike the rest . hook and the next one ...? moran from Carl heine 's boat . all he be like this one , three - strand manila , new condition , braid in loop . not bowline like miyamoto 's . hook and the last ...? moran found on Carl 's boat , too . starboard side , second cleat from the stern . but it do not match Carl 's line . it match miyamoto 's . perfect . ah. hook nod . significant . hook so if defendant have tie up to decease 's boat . with that last one . would that cleat have line up ? moran you bet . and if miyamoto there have be in a hurry to cast off , he coulda leave this line behind on Carl 's boat . hook and replace it later with the new one . that 's you inference ? moran pretty darn clear . I see . hook begin to pace . toward the jury . hook and when you visit defendant on he boat . the evening after Carl heine 's death . do it seem pretty darn clear to he ? ext . the islander - night kabuo kneel at the battery well of he boat . he be slide a new battery into place . beside its older companion . he bolt it down . start he engine . he be visibly tense . as he step onto the deck , he see ... ... two figure at the piling . sheriff moran make a cut motion across he throat , as abel move to grasp the moor line . moran cut you engine , we be come aboard . kabuo do not move . the tension have fle beneath the surface . his face now a mask . kabuo what for , sheriff ? moran we have a warrant . to search you boat . he hold it up . abel look uneasy , as if expect anything . kabuo well , what be you look f... moran ( calmly ) a murder weapon . we think you might be responsible for the death of Carl heine . kabuo blink . as if hearing a foreign language . word that do not compute . kabuo sheriff , if somebody kill Carl , it sure as hell be not I . moran step from the dock onto the boat , abel awkwardly follow . moran then let 's get this over with , so you can get to fishin' . now , cut yor engine . and walk ahead into the cabin , shine he flashlight across everything . kabuo follow , kill the engine . and in the sudden silence , moran 's beam find ... ... the still - open battery well . moran you always run with the well open ? kabuo I be check the cable . moran 's light move over the battery . moran D - `s , huh ? and say no more . run he beam once more around the cabin . moran we will come back , let 's take a look at the stern . off he go . kabuo 's glance go to the open well . then follow , notice abel martinson prowling around the bow . but in the stern , moran be shine he light . third cleat . Port side . moran see you replace a moor line , lately . this one 's new . kabuo naw , I have that around for a while . moran sure you do . help I with this hold cover , willya ? so kabuo slide the cover away . they peer in . kabuo there 's nothin ' to see . I need to get out there fi ... abel ( o.s. ) art. looka this . he have the fishing gaff . Three - and -a-half foot long . steel hook at one end . hand it to moran . abel there 's blood on it . kabuo Fish blood , I gaff fish with that . moran carefully examine the object . moran you gaff with the hook end . blood 's on the butt . where you hand go . kabuo sure . blood get all over you hand , sheriff , ask any fisherman . moran take out a handkerchief . hold the gaff with it . moran gonna have this test . now you go home , okay ? wait till you hear from I . kabuo 's heart be racing . kabuo sheriff , I can not afford not to fish toni ... moran look , no way I be lettin ' you out there . in a half hour you could be in Canada . kabuo 's face have go dead . which make it seem somehow fierce , almost threaten . and the sheriff be watch that . moran I be sorry , son . but you be under arrest . int . courtroom - day moran still on the stand . the rope be go now . his hand interlock across he narrow thigh . nel ( o.s. ) now you testimony be interrupt yesterday , when that power line set fire to you mother - in- law 's farmhouse ... Art look really irritate . nel ( o.s. ) how be you mother - in- law ? moran she 's alright , nel , thanks for ask . nel ( o.s. ) and she farmhouse ...? moran the damage be considerable . but she 's insure . thanks , again . see nel now . avuncular as hell . bemuse by moran 's annoyance . nel well , just to put it back in we mind , could you repeat what you tell we . about the type of battery you find . one Carl 's boat . moran sigh . tries to be patient . moran one D - 6 and one D - 8 in the well . and a dead D - 8 on the deck . nel which you infer be replace by the D - 6 , which must have be a spare . moran what else could it be ? nel even though a D - 6 be too big , and the flange have to be bang out to squeeze it in . ( beat ) which make it a peculiar choice . for a spare . moran you say that . that be you testimony . everybody laugh . include nel . nel ( chuckle ) I guess I be a pretty smart feller , after all . and what be the type battery you find on defendant 's boat ? moran ( bland ) D - `s . like I sa ... nel no further question . int . courtroom - day dr . sterling whitman sit in he expensive suit , a giant of a man whose tower frame ill fit the witness box . his eye be small and blue , and carry the weight of superiority with practice ease . nel ( o.s. ) so the blood on the gaff be not fish blood at all . it be human , yes ? type B positive . dr . whitman Carl heine 's type . nel nodd . seemingly unconcern by this fact . nel but you can not say with any certainty that the blood be he . dr . whitman no , but as I say , the type be rare . ten percent of caucasian male . nel and the blood could not have belong to defendant . see that he type be o negative . dr . whitman that 's obvious . nel you scrape the dry blood from the butt of the gaff . where a fella 's hand go . and what do you see under you microscope , besides the B positive blood and the wood scraping ...? and the witness stop . a curious question . but nel be wait . with a expectant smile . dr . whitman bit of blood and wood . what else would there be ? nel no bit of bone , no particle of scalp , no strand of hair ? dr . whitman none . nel well , if the blood get onto the gaff by crush a man 's skull ... dr . whitman I be a hemotologist , sir , I be ask only t... nel ( gently persistent ) ... would that seem logical ? dr . whitman I do not know . nel you do not . nel lift the gaff off the table . look at it . nel the coroner testify that Carl heine have a cut . a fresh cut . probably one or two hour old . and grasp the butt end . of the gaff . nel on the palm . of he right hand . walk , drag one leg just slightly , toward the box . and hold the butt of the gaff toward he ... nel with no bone or scalp or hair present . would it be more probable that the blood come from crush a man 's skull ... dr . whitman I be a hemotologist , not a detective . nel ... or from the cut on he hand . which be more probable ? Whitman will not be badger . his smile carry only a trace of coldness ... dr . whitman it be not my function . to weigh that probability . nel look he over . nel you be right . and turn he back . walk away . nel ... that 's the jury 's job . int . courtroom - day hook in pin-stripe serge today . pommade hair , glossy wing -tip . he be crisp . hook now this regiment you be training , the 442nd , this be all nisei boy ... first sergeant victor maple wear he green dress uniform , splash with decoration . thick and powerful , no neck , razor cut . the eye be alive . maple they be japanese - american boy , yes sir . hook and you be generally experience in training man for hand - to-hand combat . maple it be my specialty , sir , I train several thousand over the year . hook so . Wide cross-section of man to evaluate . and the day that the defendant volunteer for this ... demonstration . do you find he eager ? maple more than eager . he be out to make a point . hook find that interesting . begins to pace . hook and what point . be that . ext . training field , camp shelby , MISSISSIPPI - day the squad of nisei recruit , one hundred young asian face , surround sgt. maple . he pace before they , hold up a wooden staff , look in they eye ... maple anyone . and kabup step forward . bow slightly . then salute ... kabuo sir ! maple stare . hard . maple you do not salute I , you do not call I ' sir ' , soldier , I be a enlist man . kabuo stare back . blank . maple and nobody bow in this man 's Army , you be in America , son . not Japan . kabuo I be sorry , sir , force of habit . maple no more ' sir ' . that 's the last of that . toss kabuo a wooden staff and a helmet . a little hard . as kabuo slip the helmet on ... maple the exercise be avoid thrust . now , first y... kabuo ( quietly ) ready , sergeant . cut off in mid-word , maple glare back . be you ? thrust sharply , but kabuo move just enough to slip the blow by no more than a inch . they eye lock . suddenly , maple unleash ... ...a savage series of thrust at blind speed , and kabuo ... ... slip they all effortlessly , scarcely seem to move . as a man might toy with a child . maple study the face for any trace of mockery . and see nothing at all . stab out , only to have kabuo ... ... slash maple ' staff from he grasp , with a move so quick as to be nearly invisible . maple clearly stunned by the display . kabuo ( quietly ) Excuse I . he bend , pick up maple ' staff , hand it to he . and bow . slightly . the sergeant be hot . he look into the face of this nisei regiment , search for a single smirk . there be none . maple be you ready for some simulate combat , soldier ? kabuo for combat . sergeant . and maple lunge with surprising speed , to be swept off he foot in a blur , lie flat on the earth , he head pinned to the ground by the tip of kabuo 's staff . a hush . kabuo withdraw he staff . retrieve maple ' ... kabuo ( just above a whisper ) you weapon , sergeant . and bow . int . courtroom - day maple smile easily . like a guy tell the story in a bar . hook well , what then , sergeant ? maple what else ? I have the boy teach I kendo . include ... the importance of the bow . everyone laugh . maple the loudest . hook smile like a regular Joe . hook and you evaluation of the defendant ? could he kill a much larger man with a fishing gaff ? so quickly , there would be no sign of struggle ? maple oh , in a heartbeat . and the smile be go . all around . maple able and willing . like few man I have ever see . int . courtroom - day hook sit against the prosecution table . his demeanor gentle , respectful . his voice soft . hook so the plan be for you husband to fish through the prime season . then , in November , sell the boat . and you would move onto the farm . in the box , the widow sit in lovely dignity . blonde and alabaster and modest , in she black dress of mourn . susan marie that be he plan , yes . in the press row , the boy be attentive . a angle they know they can sell . ishmael among they , watch with neutral eye . ishmael ( v.o. ) whatever she say , she be hook ' star witness . the jury , especially the man , would not betray this fine lady with a not guilty verdict . how could they face she ? hook walk slowly toward she . as if she be a precious object , deserve of reverence . hook can you think back for I to the morning of September 8 ? the day after you husband purchase the farm . one week before he death . can you recall that morning ? susan marie I can . int . bathroom - day a bright bathroom , fill with steam , filter the sunlight . push toward the opaque shower door , toward the sound of rush water . and of breathe . through it to ... ... Susan Marie and she husband . her arm be wound about he neck . her leg wrap around he body , foot lock behind the small of he back . Carl hold she high with he strong hand , so he can lick she breast to the rhythm of the slow , slow thrust . her wet blonde hair be paste across she face , and she eye be close . the intensity hold we . int . parlor - morning close on a paint brush . it rest across the lid of a can of wood stain . see now ... ... Susan Marie kneel by the table she be refinishing . but she hand , she body , be motionless . her eye stare out the window ... ... across the yard . her tower husband walk beside a smaller man . Carl be do the talk . kabuo 's face be stone . int . parlor - later Susan Marie sit quietly in a rocker , nursing she baby . her hand tenderly stroke the feed infant . but she eye be attentive . concerned . carl ( o.s. ) what could I tell he ? there 's my mother to think about . you know what she would say ? Susan Marie know . what etta would say . carl ( o.s. ) I say I would think it over , talk with you . susan marie do he go away angry ? see Carl now , pace he own parlor like a cage bear . agitate in a way we could not have expect . carl he keep talkin ' about that seven acre belong to he father , and how honorable and decent he father be . his meaning be pretty clear . and I do not much like it . susan marie you have a scrap . nursing she baby . calm , direct . carl I could not ... talk to he . look , kabuo 's a jap . and I do not hate jap , but I do not like them neither . it 's hard to explain if you be not in the war , you know ? susan marie he 's not a jap . you do not mean that . you and he be friend . and Carl turn . look at she . a full beat . carl we be kid . he look helpless . frustrate . he do not want he anger to spill onto she . he leave the room . without a word . hold on she . int . courtroom - day Susan Marie 's cornflower eye be set . wary . nel ( o.s. ) so you husband say he 's think it over . encourage Mr. miyamoto to believe he might sell to h... susan marie I would not say encourage . nel ( o.s. ) well , he do not say ' no ' , do he ? do not say no hope exist . susan marie not in that word . nel ( o.s. ) so the defendant be encourage to hope . or could have be . she think about this . susan marie I guess so . nel be nodd . nodding . nel I guess you would have to guess . not have be there with they . have to guess whether you husband 's report be word for word accurate . susan marie Carl never lie . nel of course not . but it be emotional . a friend 's plea set against he mother 's attitude . and then . as if it have just occur to he ... nel that ' dirty look ' . defendant ever aim one of that at you ? susan marie he have no reason to . nel Carl ever say he get one ? susan marie I can not speak for he . nel you can speak for what he say . just like you do for Mr. hook ... hook ( o.s. ) objection , badger the wi ... click . all the light in the courtroom go out . a loud murmur . a flicker of light . then , they go out again . the crowd buzy , laugh , the gavel rap . the light come on . a collective sound of relief . the gavel again . finally , silence . nel sorry about that , Mrs. heine . shall I repeat the que ... susan marie Carl say he do not like kabuo much anymore . a silence . a deep one . nel the question be more about the defendant 's attitu ... susan marie that 's all he say . she arch she throat . susan marie and we can not ask he anymore . int . ishmael' desoto , CENTER valley - twilight ishmael drive a age desoto through the blankete strawberry field of Center Valley . ishmael ( v.o. ) my father have buy the desoto fifteen year before . driving it remind I of he . which I consider a neutral fact ... he turn the wheel , use a cherry wood knob , specially mount for he convenience . ishmael ( v.o. ) actually , it be pleasant . follow the curve , field be pure white to the horizon . ishmael ( v.o. ) snow make all the field into one . the notion that one man might kill another for a small patch , make no sense . up ahead , a willys station wagon have run into a ditch . a middle age japanese man be work at a rear wheel with a shovel . ishmael ( v.o. ) but I know such thing occur . have be to war and all . the man be hisao imada , and we can now see he eldest daughter work with a shovel behind the car . ishmael pull up behind they . and get out . he crunch over to where hisao work ... ishmael May I give you folk a lift ? hatsue have come around the car now , pull she snowflake hair from she eye . ishmael ( v.o. ) I do not look at she . I think that would be best . her eye on ishmael 's profile , hatsue go to she father 's side . murmur to he in japanese . when he answer , she turn to face ishmael ... hatsue my father be grateful for you kindness . but he will free he car , shortly . ishmael smile softly . this car be not go anywhere . he go to hatsue , reach gently for she shovel . ishmael okay , I will help . int . desoto , south beach drive - twilight ishmael drive with hisao beside he . ishmael I know it 's cause you trouble . but do not you think the snow be beautiful , come down ? his eye flick to hatsue in the rearview mirror . she stare out the side window , concentrate on the world . two strand of wet hair paste against she cheek . hisao yes , very beautiful . suddenly , she eye SNAP to meet ishmael 's in the mirror . his dart away . hers hold . hatsue this trial be unfair . you should write about that in you newspaper . he keep drive . and he keep he eye on the road . ishmael ( calmly ) what should I say ? hatsue just that . this trial be wrong , they be call a good man a killer . it be only about prejudice , and that be unfair . he think . as he drive . hisao imada silent beside he . ishmael we all expect the world to be fair . as if we have some right t... hatsue I do not mean everyone . just people who can do thing because they can arrest people or convict they . or run a newspaper . and he eye come up . meet hers in the mirror . ishmael maybe I should write a column . what do you think ? she study he face . hatsue what do you think ? no smile . on either side . ishmael I think people . should be fair . his eye on the road now . the farmhouse see through the drift screen of white . hatsue will you write that ? her voice be soft . the difference be palpable . ishmael I might just . his voice be kindness and friendship . ishmael ( v.o. ) I be part of she life again . I be a person . ext . coast guard lighthouse , point white - dusk a tower of reinforce concrete , rise a hundred foot above the sea . ishmael 's hand in he pocket . trudge toward it . int . lighthouse record room - dusk ishmael be lead into a cramped room , stack floor to ceiling with wooden crate , file cabinet , duffel bag . we host be levant , a young Coast Guard radioman nearly six foot six , with a huge Adam 's apple , and kinky black hair . he gesture around the room at all the record . voila . ishmael you have the night watch ? on the radio . levant since September . last guy get transfer . ishmael look around . there be a lot of stuff . ishmael and you keep the record , or contribute to them . levant shorthard the radio transmis - sion , write them up , file them in a cabinet . nobody ever look . just take up space . ishmael nod . guess so . ishmael all kind of radio transmission ? fisherman in trouble , and such . innocent question . random example . levant all kind . make yourself at home . and leave . ishmael look at the task before he . then , out the window . Dark now . his reflection stare back . as troubled as he be . int . petersen' groceries - day ishmael at 24 , carry milk and cracker down the aisle of a grocery store , the empty sleeve of he mackinaw pin up at the elbow . he turn the corner to see ... ... three people in line at the register . the second be hatsue . a infant carry at she shoulder . ishmael ( v.o. ) I would be back two month . it be the first time I would see she . he join the line . the checker glance he way , then look awkwardly down . this make the other turn . and hatsue 's eye . meet he . hatsue hello . the voice , the face , be cool and formal . there be no anger , no unkindness . only the absence of warmth . ishmael nod . his face hard , stricken . his heart pound in he throat . ishmael ( v.o. ) I could not say anything . I just stand there , hat she . hatsue I be sorry about you arm . kabuo and I . be very sor ... ishmael the jap do it . no one know where to look . down , away , anything . but hatsue never blink . ishmael they shot it off . at Tarawa . she hold she ground , she eye soften , somehow . somewhere between compassion and pity . her slender finger stroke the baby at she shoulder . ishmael I be sorry , I be sorry I say that . all the feel come to he eye . everything he will never tell she . a murmur ... ishmael I be sorry about everything . all of it . he drop he milk and cracker on the counter . and walk away . int . lighthouse record room - night ishmael sit alone . Beyond the glass , a searchlight sweep the sea , the snow - cover shore . but ishmael stare at a folder . open in he lap . ishmael ( v.o. ) September 16 . at 1:42 a.m. , the dead of night . the s.s. West corona , a Greek -own freighter , be lose . in heavy fog . his finger . traces a line of the report . ishmael ( v.o. ) they radioe to the lighthouse . they would have to dogleg , bisect ship Channel Bank . and seaman Philip milholland write that down . in he report . ishmael close he eye . ishmael ( v.o. ) Carl heine drown . in ship Channel Bank . and he watch stop . at 1:47 . he look out through the glass . as if he could watch it happen . ishmael ( v.o. ) a huge freighter plow through . throw a wake big enough to fling any man overboard . and ishmael remove the page from the file . slowly , he fold it into quarter . slide it into he coat pocket . ishmael ( call out ) seaman ...? and close the file . slip it back into the cabinet . levant appear , vaguely irritate by the summon . so ishmael smile . sorry , nothing important . ishmael how long you have this detail ? levant I and smoltz come on dogwatch September 16 . ishmael 's face . just to clarify ... ishmael you mean , early morning the 16th ? levant no , night of the 16th , morning the 17th . we replace two guy name Miller and milholland . oh. ishmael nod . levant they get transfer that day . out to cape flattery . ishmael ( v.o. ) some seaman 's loast report . stuff in a cabinet , good as lose forever . no one know . ishmael rise , stiffly . start to pull on he coat . levant you get what you come for ? and ishmael look at the youngster . a little oddly . admit ... ishmael guess I be not completely sure . what that be . ext . fletcher be BAY - morning ishmael at 24 , crouch among tree . above a sunlit stretch of beach . ishmael ( v.o. ) I leave the grocery , and write a letter . I apologize from my heart . I should never have say that word to she . I never would again . close on he face . eye gaze down . at something . ishmael ( v.o . ) it sit in my desk for two week . before I throw it away . he sigh . rise slowly . ishmael ( v.o. ) I know she car . and sometimes when I would see it , I would ... drive that way . at a distance . see hatsue down on the beach . alone , rake for steamer clam . her baby beside she on a blanket , beneath a umbrella . ishmael walk down to the sand . cross to where she work . and squat down . at a respectful distance . ishmael can I talk to you ? she must have see who be come . because the word do not startle she . or slow she work . hatsue I be marry , ishmael . it be not right for we to be alone . people will t... ishmael there 's no one here , and I have get to talk to you . her back be to he . she be motionless . ishmael do not you owe I that ? and she turn . her eye go first to she sleep child . then she walk over , and sink to the sand . just before he . near enough to touch . she look in he eye . and wait . ishmael I be like a die person . the word just come out . his eye move over she face . his aching for she be naked , beyond he ability to cope . ishmael I do not sleep . I tell myself this can not go on , but it go on anyway . he seem at the edge of insanity . or tear . hatsue I do a terrible thing , ishmael . I know what you feel . and what I do not . sadness in she voice . but strength as well . hatsue and I never find the courage to tell you . his eye swim with tear . he choke they back , he have to . ishmael you will think this be crazy , but all I want be to hold you . just once . and smell you hair . she absorb this . no sign of repulsion or anger . her eye seem wise . and very sad . hatsue you have to hear this , I can never touch you , ishmael . not once , not ever . there 's no half - way . as much as I know it hurt you , you have to let this go . ishmael look , I want to forget you , I do . I think if you hold I , just this once , I can walk away and never speak to you again . she just keep look at he . there be a bravery to she steady gaze . her calm resolve . ishmael please ? as one human be to another , just because I be miserable and do not know where to turn . I need to be in you arm . if it 's just for thirty second . his plead look hold she for a moment . in the silence ... hatsue I hurt for you . whether you will ever believe that or not . feeling behind she eye . first time she let it show . hatsue I feel sick sometimes , with the guilt of what I have do to you . and I can not make it right . she rise slowly . brushes the sand from she skirt . hatsue to hold you would be wrong and deceitful . you be go to have to live without hold I , that be the truth of the way thing be . she take one step back . hatsue thing end . they do . get on with you life . and turn away . she gather she baby in she arm . take she blanket , she umbrella , she rake and she pail . he watch , never move , as she gather she thing . gather they as if he be not there . and with she back turn ... hatsue get on with you life . she walk slowly away . her baby cry . int . kitchen - night close on a steaming soup kettle , rest on a woodstove . a woman 's hand stir with a wooden ladle . pull back to see ... helen chamber , slender and strong and keen . she be not yet 60 . a code of fairness and self - reliance be write on the fine- bone feature . ishmael ( v.o. ) I drive from the lighthouse to my mother 's place . I bring she some grocery . Beyond the window , snow fall more heavily than ever . Silent . spellbind . helen you father think that heavy snow be God 's kindness . despite the hardship , it bring we beauty ... ishmael at the rustic table . watch she back . helen ... and remind we . of we place in thing . softer . not bitter , but regretful that ... helen you do not believe in God anymore . ishmael agnostic do not believe or disbelieve , ma . we just do not pretend we know . she begin ladling the soup into big porcelain bowl . helen we do not know God , we feel him . you feel him as a child . I remember . and turn . look at he . ishmael that 's a long time ago . what a child feel ... that 's different . she study he silently for a moment . then bring the bowl to the table ... helen spend the night , will you ? do not go back out into all that snow . set they down . ishmael ( v.o. ) I feel milholland 's report in my pocket . and wonder why I be not tell she . telling someone . what I would find . helen you have be busy with that trial , I suppose . such a travesty ... she take she seat . as he watch she . helen they only arrest that poor soul because he 's japanese . ishmael Seattle boy think he 's guilty . they say the evidence be rock solid . she begin to eat . eye on she bowl . helen they be not he neighbor , like you be . he be a husband , a father , he risk he life for they country . the same as you . ishmael that be not the fact that matter . she look up . straight to he eye . helen well , folk be pretty cold . and folk who believe in nothing else ... they be cold , too . no mistake she meaning . he swallow . uneasy as always , in the path of she disapproval . helen I have try to understand you unhappiness , all this year . have go to war , lose you arm ... the directness of she gaze . he can not turn from that . helen but other boy come back . and push on . they find girl , and marry , have baby ... he do not flinch . his voice too quiet with ... ishmael someday I will get lucky , too . too quiet to conceal the hurt . she think it be hurt she have cause . it change she tone to a plea ... helen you father fight at belleau Wood , it take he year to get over it . nightmares , tear , b... ishmael ... but he find you . they eye lock . helen it be not the war , ishmael . all that year grow up . you never have a real girl of you own . and now he look down . he see that he fist be tight around the handle of he spoon . helen and I know you have it in you to love . I know that much . I wish I know more . his finger open , and the spoon clatter softly on the wood . ishmael I will stay tonight . thanks for ask . int . bedroom - night ishmael wander through a silent room . a bed , a dresser . work table and lamp . a room denude of all decoration , all possession , all sign of life . ishmael ( v.o. ) I come back from the war to this room . I stay a few month . until my father pass . ext . veteran' cemetery - day ishmael at 24 , the leave sleeve of he dark suit of mourn pin at the elbow . the digger be fill a grave in distance . mourner mingle , some casting glance back at ishmael . keeping they distance out of awkwardness rationalize as respect . one man come to he . masato nagaishi be aging and frail . but he voice be clear ... nagaishi the japanese people of the island be sadden by this loss . you father be a man of great fairness and compassion for other ... he stand at a respectful distance . ishmael clear he throat . he nod , thank you . no word to say . so the small man add ... nagaishi a friend to we . and to all people . silence . they be a tableau of stone . finally ... ishmael well ... and no more . the man take a step back ... nagaishi we know you will follow in he footstep . and honor he legacy . which change ishmael 's face . to something harder . ishmael ( v.o. ) I think it then . and often since . a balance , he 's say . find the fact . that folk need to know . int . bedroom - night ishmael stand at a open closet . cardboard box have be set aside . one have be searched for treasure . the page be in he hand . only slightly discolor by age . hatsue ( v.o. ) dear ishmael . this thing be very difficult to say . I can not think of anything more painful than write this letter . he close he eye . ishmael ( a murmur ) think of read it . hatsue ( v.o. ) I do not love you , ishmael . there be no more honest way to say it . he carry the letter to the twin bed . where he sleep alone . think of she . hatsue ( v.o. ) whenever we be together , I know it . I love you and I do not love you at the same moment . he sink slowly . as if beneath the letter 's weight . hatsue ( v.o. ) the last time . at the cedar tree . I know we could never be right together . and that soon I would have to tell you . his eye be dry . the letter have use up he tear long ago . hatsue ( v.o. ) this be the last time I will write to you . I be not yours anymore . he set the letter on the bed beside he . hatsue ( v.o. ) I wish you the very best . you heart be large and you be gentle and kind . I know you will do great thing in the world . he reach now to he inside coat pocket . withdraw ... hatsue ( v.o. ) I must say good - bye to you now . we life will move on . the best we can . ...a page . fold in quarter . set it near the letter . ishmael ( v.o. ) milholland 's report be like she letter . something no one else . would ever read . he stare at they . side by side . ishmael ( v.o. ) thing about have only one hand . it 's hard to tear page up . and I be not carry a match . he lie back . across the bed . ishmael ( v.o. ) so I think of my father . the man who would have take this report to judge field . tear stand in he eye . ishmael ( v.o. ) but every reporter . choose he own balance . find the fact that matter . shut the eye . against they . against everything . ishmael ( v.o. ) after all , the freighter be only a theory . it prove nothing at all . there be other fact . that matter . we close on he face . the tightness of the muscle . ishmael ( v.o. ) tomorrow I would write a column . about prejudice . and she would be grateful . for my large ... and gentle ... heart . the eye open , they be blank . stare ... ishmael ( v.o. ) her husband would be judge . and she would be alone . ...at the future . ishmael ( v.o. ) alone . the past look different . int . courtroom - day hatsue miyamoto in the witness box . graceful , erect , she porcelain beauty accessible , eager to cooperate . humble . hatsue hopeful . be the word I would use . and nel seem slightly surprised . nel but Carl do not say yes . hatsue he do not say no . that be kabuo 's point . give how Carl 's mother feel , Carl be still willing to consider sell to we . it be a good sign . nel consider that . nel well , in the week that follow , the week before Carl 's death ... do you husband pursue he ? hatsue no. kabuo do not wish to beg , he respected Carl 's right to reflect . he be sure Carl would do the honorable thing . nel ( right back ) and do he ? she nod . only once . her eye bright . hatsue the night of the 15th , kabuo help Carl at sea . with he dead battery . nel raise he eyebrow . to give the point its weight . hatsue right there , on the boat , they agree . $ 8400 for the seven acre , $ 800 down . they shook on it . kabuo be so excited when he come home . nel let that sit . and sit . nel and when do you first learn . that Carl have drown ? the slight pause . as if hesitant to confess ... hatsue one o'clock , that afternoon , from a clerk at Petersen 's . nel ( turn to hook ) you witness . and Alvin hook rise . perches on the edge of the prosecutor 's table . and look at the witness with fairness and suspicion . hook you husband come home agitate , after he encounter with the decease ? no impatience across she perfect feature . only earnestness will do . hatsue I say ' excited ' . not agitate , he be excited in the sense of be overjoy . hook you be ... overjoy yourself , to hear the news ? hatsue happy for he . and relieved . hook so , then , you ... and you husband ... must have call friend , relative , to tell they the amazing news . yes ? hatsue ( calm , respectful ) no. hook really ? do not call you mother , you sister , about start a new life . you husband never tell he brother that the family honor be vindicate . hatsue shift in she chair . smooth she skirt . hatsue we hear how Carl ... pass away . only a few hour later . hook you husband return at , what , seven o'clock ? hatsue closer to eight . hook so , five hour . plenty of time for a call . he be ' excited ' , you say . in the sense of be ' overjoy ' . she nod , he be . hatsue we be ... cautious people . you would say conservative . there would be time for celebrate with other when a paper be sign . hook pout . he allow himself that . hook you think the decease might ... break he promise ? hatsue of course not . we be just not quick to run and boast . in case something go wrong . hook and then , something do . Carl heine be find dead . with he head crush . she weather that last part . as if take no notice . hatsue yes , and then , what be there to call about ? everything be up in the air . hook up in the air ? be that you reaction ? and he rise . tastefully indignant . hook I would suggest that more happen than a land sale evaporate . a man die , Mrs. miyamoto . a husband and father of small child have he skull bashed in ! hatsue ( quiet dignity ) if you mean to imply that we be callous about Carl 's death , that be wrong and insulting . hook I see . well , do you come forward to tell sheriff moran what you know ? the encounter in the fog , the ... dead battery , be it ? silence . hatsue we discuss that . and decide not to . hook why not ? she look at he with the directness we have see before . hatsue because the fact could be misconstrue as murder . hook but if truth be on you side , whatever be you worried about ? her eye cut to nel . he smile , to blunt the harm she 's do by look to he for support . her gaze go down now . and then ... ... back up . straight to hook . hatsue trial be not only about truth , Mr. hook . even though they should be . they be about what people believe be true . hook so you hide the truth . deliberately . hatsue we be afraid . silence seem better . to come forward seem like a mistake . hook well , it seem to I ... nel ( gently ) objection . Mr. hook can give he view in he summation . hook do not it seem to you , Mrs. miyamoto , that you mistake be in be deceitful ? conceal information during the course of a sheriff 's investigation . hatsue it seem human . to I . oh. hook raise he brow . hook I suppose that you mean this excuse conceal the truth . then why ahoul any of we believe you now ? and in the silence ... hook question withdraw , you may step down . hatsue you be imply th ... hook I say . no further question . anger flash across she eye . her face color . she draw a breath ... judge that 's enough , Mrs. miyamoto , not another word . step down , please . she look to nel in she desperation and regret for make thing worse . he chuckle and wave . it 's quite all right . she sit for a freeze moment . and as she rise ... the boy in the reporter 's row be scribbling furiously . all but one . int . courtroom - day josiah gillander fold he blunt , thick hand across he belly . nearly 50 , sport a walrus moustache and the watery , dull eye of a alcoholic , he be a man ready to make the most of he fifteen minute of fame . nel ( o.s. ) thirty year fishing alone . ever have a occasion to board another man 's boat except in a emergency ? maybe to socialize or some such ? gillander ( ready for this ) never . only board some fella 's boat five , six time in thirty - one year . Dead engine , break hip , only in need . nel ( o.s. ) now , mister gi ... gillander unwritten rule of the sea . we do not bother each other , stick to ourselves . ask anybody . nel be wander over to the jury box . nel now if you want to kill a man . think you would try board against he will , and hit he with a fishing gaff ? gillander it 's a joke . maneuver up to Carl 's boat ? tie you line fast ? come aboard ? all against Carl 's will ? it 's the stupidest suggestion I ever hear of . nel I be sorry about that . it be not mine in the first place . Gentle laughter . even some on the jury . nel so the fishing gaff method would not make sense ? gillander could not get on the boat . I would just shoot the feller . then tie up , throw he inta th ' drink . and skip bein ' the first gill - netter in history to make a successful force board . more laughter . hook at he table . simply smile . nel now the sheriff believe that the D - 6 battery in Carl 's well be Carl 's own spare . even though it be too large f... gillander no sense to have any at all. , even the right size . it 's like have a extra battery in the trunk of you car . nobody do . nobody . no way . gillander Boat have two battery . lose one you run off the other till morning . Carl musta lose both , so miyamoto there give he one a he . nel course , if Carl lose both battery , dead in the water , he radio would not work . so how would he signal for help ? gillander compress air horn , most likely . hope to God some man hear you in that fog . nel all right , what if the defendant hear ? so Carl let he aboard , to help . and then the fishing gaff ? gillander grin . Wide . gillander you mean miyamoto follow he out there , and sucker - punch he ? nel well , what if ? gillander now , how be miyamoto gonna know in advance ? that Carl lose two battery . must happen once ever ' 20 year or so . another chuckle or two from the gallery . nel thank you , Mr. gillander . thank you for come down , in this cold weather . gillander well , it do seem mighty warm in here . specially for Mr. hook . and look at the prosecutor . who rise , easily . a most polite fuck - you smile . hook stroll now . slow and steady . straight to the witness box . rest he hand on the rail . leans in . hook what if the defendant follow Carl . and pretend he own battery be dead ? would Carl tie up and help ? and the smile on gillander 's face . stops. cold . hook be the word you be grop for ...' yes ' , perha ... judge ( o.s. ) Alvin ! hook rephrase . do you agree that he might tie up to the defendant 's bo ... gillander so why 's the D - 6 in Carl 's well ? hook who 's to say ? maybe it be just a spare , after all . or maybe the defendant leave it , as a potential alibi . in case somebody see he in ship Channel Bank . ( beat ) in case we put two and two together , know of the hostility . between the family . gillander . actually think about that . hook my question be . could Carl have tie up to help the defendant ? a beat . a clear throat . gillander it coulda happen . and if I start to say it 's doubtful , you would probl 'y say ' no further question ' , right ? once more , laughter . enough to bring the gavel down . hook right about that . and right that it ' coulda happen ' . turn he back , walk away . hook thanks for you help . hope the witness box be not too warm for you comfort . all eye follow the prosecutor , as he sit . except for the defendant . his stare forward . recalling ... int . kabuo' cell - night kabuo seat on the concrete floor of he cell , lean back against the wall . leave the cot . for he guest . nel but the toughest scenario . be the one hook will never raise . kabuo watch . quiet . take a breath ... kabuo and what 's that ? nel that you come upon Carl by accident . like you say . gave he the battery . like you say . ask he about the seven acre . like you say . the hardest . straightest . look . nel only . he say no . silence . nel and something ... happen . that you would never plan . because you be not a cold - blooded killer . nobody flinch . nobody blink . kabuo I be more a hot-bloode killer , huh ? like a soldier . like a samurai . nel you will not hear that from hook . because the charge be first - degree murder , which require premeditation . he can not change the charge . do you understand ? nel so if the jury think you do kill . but only in the heat of anger . they have to acquit . do you ? nel and you could not . be. re-tried . kabuo 's face be stone . a warrior 's mask . kabuo you want I to say that . nel I want you . to tell the truth . there be no kindly smile tonight . no candy bar . kabuo you think that be the truth . nel I tell you wife . trial be not always so much about actual truth . as about what folk believe be true . that 's sad . and it 's real . kabuo and what do you believe ? nel sigh . cock he head just to one side . nel a question first . why do you want to know ? kabuo ( straight back ) because you be my friend . the old man think about that . Studies he client . nel I believe you be a good man . who belong with he family . and then the feel come . to the watery eye . nel and I believe . you do not do it . ext . ship channel bank - night fog . the sound of water . lapping at the hull of a boat . the mist drfit , revealing ... eye . they be blue . the heavy brow above they dark gold , matte and damp . carl ( o.s. ) my battery be draw down , both of them . alternator belt be loose . pull back to see he . with he kerose lantern and he air horn . kabuo ( o.s. ) no sweat . we will pull one a mine , get ya start . pull back to see he now , lean on he gaff . squint up . at the top of Carl 's mast . we follow he gaze to see ... kabuo ( o.s. ) you lash up a lantern ? ' gainst a fog like this ? see it now . swaying as the helpless boat bob in the night . carl ( o.s. ) lantern and a air horn . that 's all I get , without my juice . int . carl be cabin - later close on a battery well . one battery sit in place , one spot be empty . and ... ... crash ! the butt end of a fishing gaff bang against the metal flange . again . again . again . and as the next blow be struck , the huge hand ... ... slip , and the soft metal slice Carl 's flesh across he palm . he stop . then smashes away , twice more . we pull back to see ... ... two battery lie above the well . Carl suck the blood from he cut . then lift kabuo 's D - 6 into place ... carl do not know how long it 's take to get a charge ... kabuo keep it tonight . we will catch fish . I will see ya back on the dock ... kabuo take he gaff . heedless of Carl 's blood on the butt end . Carl look up , still crouching above he well . carl ( quietly ) hold on . you know as well as I do , we get something ' to talk about . no response from kabuo . he stand above the larger man . Silent , neutral . wait . carl Seven acre . I be wonderin ' what you would pay for them . just curious , be all . kabuo what be you sellin' them for ? why do not we start there . which make the big man smile . just a little . carl do I say I be sell ? but if I be , I would have to figure you want them real bad . oughta charge a sall fortune , maybe ... a slight shrug . of giant shoulder . carl then again . maybe you would want you battery back . kabuo do not grin back . his face show nothing at all . kabuo the battery 's in , that 's do with . besides , you would do the same for m ... carl ... might do the same . I have to warn you ' bout that , chief . I be not screw together like I use to be . kabuo 's face remain impassive . patient . and the big man squint up into it . holding a handkerchief to he injure hand . carl Hell , I be sorry , okay ? about the whole damn mess . if I would a be around , my mother would not a pull it off that way . he be sorry . and with that , kabuo 's face ease . become like Carl 's own . carl ( grin ) I be out there at sea . fightin ' you jap sons-a-bitch . kabuo ( no grin ) I be a american . do I call you a Nazi , you big Nazi bastard ? carl ( softly ) not that I recall . kabuo I kill man who look just like you , pig-fe german bastard . and they blood do not wash off so easy . still no smile . Carl stare up . kabuo so do not talk to I about jap , you big Nazi son of a bitch . Carl laugh . and kabuo chuckle , right along with he . have keep he poker face the longer . carl I be a bastard . I be a big hun Nazi son of a bitch . and I still get you bamboo fishing rod . kabuo oh , yeh ? carl hid it from my mom . caught a mess a sea run . damn thing 's still in my closet . kabuo ( very softly ) you can have it . the hell with it . the look between they now . be very wonderful . in the subtlety of its connection . carl $ 1200 a acre , that 's what I pay ole , will not take a dime less . you get no choice on that . kabuo do not say I be buyin ' do I ? what you want down ? just bein ' curious , be all . the handkerchief come away from Carl 's palm . and rise , he hand extend toward the smaller man . carl a thousand down . we will sign papers t'morrow . the hand grip . and they hold . and the length of this clasp , and the straightness of they gaze , and the silence of the moment . wash year away . kabuo eight hundred . and it 's a deal . int . courtroom - day close on eye . they be asian . unblink . hook ( o.s. ) for the life of I , sir , I cannot imagine why you keep this story from the sheriff . pull back to see kabuo in the witness box . ramrod straight . face compose . kabuo as my wife testify , we be consider it . hook actually , she say you have decide . decide not not come forward . kabuo ( quietly ) I be think about it . every minute . hook except even when sheriff moran arrest you . you say nothing about see Carl . turn to the jury . openly bewilder . hook at that point , you be already under suspicion . the battery story explain thing . if the story be true ... and not simply something you think up later ... turn back . to the defendant . hook why . do not you . tell it ? no reaction from the defendant . nothing anyone can see . kabuo sheriff say right off , I be under suspicion . I do not have a lawyer ... hook but even after you have a attorney . you still claim to know nothing . claim not to have see Carl . be I correct ? a beat . kabuo yes. initially . hook well , ' initially ' be a interesting word , sir . you would be arrest , you have a lawyer , and you still claim ignorance ! silence . kabuo I should have tell everything right away . I know that now , and I regret it . hook should have tell ' everything ' . meaning , you should have tell the truth . we can just discern the anger . at the edge of kabuo 's steady gaze . silence . hook nothing to say ? kabuo ( quietly ) I do not know that be a question . it sound like a speech . and hook smile . love it . walk toward the witness , stalking he . hook my apology . do you regret not tell the truth ? kabuo I have tell the truth . hook you mean , this morning . the new story , the battery story . that one be the truth ? that 's a question , sir . kabuo ( even quieter ) yes . and I tell it long before this morning . hook I see . now what happen the day Carl heine be find ? before you arrest . kabuo I sleep till one - thirty , when my wife wake I up with the news . we talk for a few hour . I leave at six and go straight to my boat . hook do not go anywhere else ? no errand , no purchase ? just straight to the boat . that 's the truth . kabuo yes . hook lean over the box . ever so slightly invade kabuo 's space . hook well , the sheriff find two battery in you well . if you leave one with Carl heine , how be that possible ? kabuo I have a spare battery in my shed . I bring it down , and put it in just before the sheriff show up . ah. I see . hook conveniently , in you shed . only you do not mention that a moment ago . why do this battery story change every time a new question be raise ? kabuo look at he , evenly . kabuo you ask if I go straight to the boat . I do . with the battery . hook step back . look the witness over . hook you be a hard man to trust , sir . you sit before we , with no expression , keep a poker for ... nel ( o.s. ) objection ! judge you know better than that , Mr. hook . either ask question that count for something , or sit down and be do with it . silence . the judge stare hard . hook never flinching . judge shame on you . hook turn he eye to kabuo . stare he down , so the jury can watch kabuo 's implacable stare in return . and softly ... hook I apologize to the court , for let my feeling get the better of I . turn away . hook no other question . we will go to summation . as he return to he table . as kabuo step down from the box . we pan ... ...reporter ' row . the boy be write as fast as they hand can move . only ishmael be not write at all . he stare at the pad rest on hsi right knee . we close to see ... one word circle . the word ' lanter n ' . int . courtroom - later Alvin hook stalk the jury box now . prowl before they along the rail . as they eye follow . hook ... believe that etta heine 's son would never sell he the land . land that in he mind , filter through ancient rule of behavior hand down from he ancestor ' culture , belong to he family by right ... stop . to make sure they understand . hook his only choice to get the land would be to eliminate Carl heine . so that ole jurgensen would need a new buyer . pace again , hand trail along the rail ... hook in he mind . see through code of revenge difficult for we to fathom , this be also the only way to avenge what he feel to be the grievous dishonor bring to he father , he family ... raise he finger . this must be hear ... hook ...to a thousand year of ancestry , in a foreign land we still find a enigma . despite we recent bitter experience with its way . and stop once more . place he hand on the rail . hook thus believe cold - blooded murder to be justified ... he trail Carl heine ... could hear he engine in the fog ... and sound he own horn , claim distress . straighten up . shake he head , ever so slightly . hook as Carl pull alongside : ' please , Carl , ' the defendant must have say . ' I be sorry for what have come between we , but adrift here in the fog , I plead for you help ! ' imagine . imagine that . hook and so this good man tie he boat fast , while he enemy leap aboard , strike the treacherous blow he be train to strike by he father 's hand . count off the fact . one finger at a time . hook the feud over this seven acre have festere for eight year . he argue with Carl about buy the land one week before Carl be kill . Carl 's skull be crush , and he blood be on a murder weapon with which the defendant be a deadly expert ! spread he arm . Wide . hook and after a series of lie . the defendant at last admit he be there . alone on the boat . in the fog . Carl heine 's blood on he fishing gaff . a hush . a murmur ... hook my lord . my lord . look into the eye now . of each man . each woman . hook look clearly at the defendant . see the truth self - evident in he . and in the fact of this case . and turn . so that they will follow he eye to kabuo 's stone - hard gaze . hook look into he eye , lady and gentleman , consider he face . and ask yourself what you duty be as citizen of this community . int . courtroom - later pan the jury , slowly , as they hear ... nel ( o.s. ) ... not a single witness have testify to anything that could suggest pre- meditate murder . not in the day before Carl heine 's death ... or at any time ... have anyone describe a murderous rage toward the decease . nel stand very still . hand rest on the rail . as calm and quiet as he adversary have be dramatic . nel etta heine have cheat he family . he have ask he childhood friend Carl to sell he the land . and Carl be consider it . leans forward . just a little . nel there be no evidence of anger at Carl , much less rage , much less murderous rage . no reason for premeditation and no evidence of it . anywhere . he pick out a housewife . the youngest . smile sadly , wisely . as she grandfather might . nel and yet the state be require to prove this thing . Beyond . a reasonable . doubt . his eye widen . nel can you seriously think there be no reasonable doubt ? why be kabuo 's D - 6 battery in Carl 's well , if Carl be help he ? why ? nel why be not the blood on the gaff more consistent with Carl 's hand wound than a skull fracture ? give the absence of bone or brain tissue . and now . he begin to pace , limping slightly , eye down . nel what Mr. hook ask you to believe be that no proof be need . against a man who bomb Pearl Harbor . slow . eye on he foot . nel look at he face , the prosecutor say . presume that you will see a enemy there . treacherous by nature , by a thousand year of something or other . he stop . look at they . nel a argument I find as despicable as it be dishonest and twisted and insulting to we all . Mr. miyamoto be a much - decorate hero of the United States Army . for God 's sake . the feel well in the old man . it bleed through the very quietness of he voice . nel if someone say you should convict Carl heine . or he lovely widow . of murder . without proof . because they ancestry be the same as Hitler 's . you would spit in he eye . yes , you would . nel and every decent american . would applaud you . he lean he elbow on they rail . as if confide to they across they backyard fence . nel now kabuo miyamoto do one thing wrong . he be afraid to trust we , at first . afraid that he would be crucify by prejudice . as Mr. hook be urging you to do . silence . nel well , we send he . and he wife . and thousand of Americans to concentration camp . they lose home , belonging , everything . we do that , folk . can we now be unforgive about he uncertainty ? his mistrust ? look in they eye . as if wait for a answer . they shift they weight , fidget beneath he gaze . nel you may think this be a small trial . in a small place . well , it be not . he straighten he spine . wince slightly , with the pain of it . nel every once in awhile . somewhere in the world . humanity go on trial . and integrity . and decency . every once in awhile , common folk get call on to give the report card for the human race . the eye be water . but the voice gain strength . nel now here in America . we relish that chance . give we that one , we say . that 's why we build this country in the first place . one step back . just above a whisper ... nel be Americans . make you child proud . int . courtroom - later close on handcuffs snapping into place . sheriff moran check they snugness about kabuo 's wrist , as the crowd mill through the courtroom in the wake of adjournment . grasp kabuo 's arm , moran begin lead he toward a small doorway just at the rear of the witness box . but ... ... someone be there . in the doorway . and moran 's grip tighten as they approach ... moran I be awful sorry , ma'am , but you know I c... hatsue what be you afraid of , sheriff ? the edge on that , the ballsy undertone , throw he a little . hatsue be I go to slip he a weapon for a mad escape ? perhaps a kendo staff hide in my dress ? moran there 's rule . hatsue well , please break they , then . I will not keep you a moment . and she reach past he . to take she husband 's hand . she look in he eye , as if they be alone . hatsue I love you . and tomorrow , when I make we bed . I be set out you pillow . tear just flood she eye . sudden , unbidden . she hold tight to she smile . and to he hand . hatsue ( whisper ) you better be there . he smile . a lovely , easy , cowboy - american smile . kabuo only if you ask I nice . angle ... from the gallery . one man watch . watch as a woman bring manicle hand to she lip . and walk quickly away ... ... toward we . straight toward we , in fact . and when she stand before we , she hand mangle she purse . the eye be hollow , flint - edge . hatsue do you write that column ? ishmael I do . but the jury will not 's ... hatsue it 's not for the . they only get to convict he . she arch she throat . as if face a fire squad . hatsue it 's the judge who decide . if he will hang . he reach . his fingertip find she shoulder . she do not resist he touch . ishmael ( gently ) none of that be gonna ha ... hatsue you do not think he do this . his hand come away . from he heart ... ishmael I know he do not . she nod . nod . her eye fill . move over he face . hatsue come to supper , tonight . my mother would be proud to have you with we . he hear the emotion in she voice . he swallow hard . ishmael I can not . no , I can not . ishmael tell you mom . I want a rain check . int . kabuo' cell - night kabuo sit on the cot , the way we have always see he . alone in he mind . footfall . kabuo oblivious , far away . the door clang open . moran you have a visitor , son . turn to the visitor ... moran you say three minute . ishmael wo not take two . and moran leave . the door clang shut . they be alone . only one man smile ... kabuo please , sit down ... but the tall man do not . do not move . kabuo she tell I you be write a column . we be very grateful . ishmael nod , awkwardly . acknowledge this . kabuo she. Said you two go way back ... ishmael stare into kabuo 's earnest smile . kabuo that 's nice . ishmael you say there be a lantern in he hand . when you find he in the fog . kabuo blink . the man 's tone be formal . as if the offer of friendliness be somehow reject . ishmael and another one . lashed to the mast ? kabuo 's own smile have fade . the mask have return . kabuo that 's right . ishmael two. lantern . and kabuo grin . in spite of himself . kabuo if I do the math right . ishmael lean back . against the door . ishmael it 's the sheriff 's math . I be wonder about . int . sommensen' warehouse - night blackness . the sound of wind . of water lap at wood . click of a key , spring a lock . the scrape of a large padlock slide away . a door creak open , and from the sound of it , a large one . Gray light seep in . moran ( o.s. ) blackmail . that 's all it be . see they now . Three silhouettes frame in thry barn 's open doorway . against the night sky . ishmael ( o.s. ) I call it keep you promise . we say if I ever need some cooperation from you ... a soft click , and the light go on . such as they be . a few bare bulb strung across the rafter of this tower ramshackle enclosure . a 50 - year- old mildew barn , build of creosote timber . this be a place for overhaul boat , with sea door face the harbor . two boat be tie to wide - elbow pier . we have see they before . moran you threaten I , Chambers , pure and simple . and what idiot 's gonna believe some cock and bull story that I make a deal to keep stuff outta you paper ? not that anybody read you paper . abel martenson lead the way . along soaking plank . ishmael same idiot who will believe you crack this case . when I tell them you do . moran snort . point up to the cross spar , high on the mast of the first boat . moran see , no lantern . abel ( respectfully ) sheriff ? that 's miyamoto 's boat . oh. moran swing he gaze up to the second boat . moran ( quiet triumph ) no lantern there , neither . sure enough . no lantern on the cross spar . they keep walk . moran never shoulda give you that inventory in the first place . ishmael it 's public record . if the public care enough to read it . they step across the gunnel . onto Carl heine 's boat . flashlight work against the dim , eerie glow of distant bulb , they enter Carl 's cabin . neat as a pin . ishmael scan the floor . ishmael you say there be a coffee c ... abel ( sorry ) I pick it up . and point to the cup . sitting on the counter . abel it 's the only thing I move , I swear . it be right there . the sheriff glare at the boy . moran you wanna see that in the papers ? do not ever touch something at a cri ... and stop . because ishmael 's gaze have go to a kerosene lantern . in the corner . moran one lantern . like the inventory say . sorry to disappoint you . but ishmael be out the door . shine he flashlight . up the mast . ishmael actually . I be hope you get it right . what 's that , up there ? and they all squint up . shine they light together . along the cross spar . moran nothin ' . bit of string . that 's what it look like . many of they . ishmael piece of twine be not nothing . and he step to the base of the mast . put the flashlight in he pocket . wrap he arm around the shaft of wood . moran here now , what be you fixin ' to do ? ishmael have a look . at nothing . and wrapping he leg around the mast , he hoist himself up . moran you can not go up there , touch thing ... with all he strength . ishmael begin to climb . ishmael ( grunt ) Trial 's over , sheriff , it 's with the jury now . support himself with he leg , he struggle upward . moran you gonna climb that with one arm ? ishmael you be right . I better use two . up he go , inching he way , abel shine he flashlight . moran swing he beam up , too . abel there 's lot of them , Art , look . and moran be look . say nothing . now , ishmael be there . ishmael a dozen or more , all figure eight . all cut clean through on a angle . abel and look at that streak of rust , across the mast . his light play on it . brace he full weight with he leg , ishmael finger the scrap of rope ... ishmael it 's on the twine , too . but it 's not r... moran do not prove there be two lantern . coulda be the one in the cabin . still support himself with he leg , ishmael pull out he flashlight ... ishmael there 's a stretch of ground between guessin ' and provin ' , sheriff . I will give you that . ... shine it down on the deck . along the gunnel . just below the mast . and as we watch the circle of light move ... moran ( o.s. ) what do you think you be lookin ' at now ? still move . and in the silence , a absent ... ishmael ( o.s. ) not what I be look at . it 's what I be look for . int . jury room - night eleven citizen around a walnut table . eleven . glaring at the twelfth . alexander van ness well . I guess it come down to a feel , do not it ? if I feel uncertain , I feel a doubt . be not that it ? and the boat builder smile amicably , rub he gray beard . no other smile . anywhere . harold jensen Alex , nobody be not ever sure about nothin' . it 's unreasonable to be so stubborn that you think you be smarter than eleven folk who all agree ! edith twardzik the man sit there and admit he lie , Mr. Van ness . now why be not that enough for you ? alexander van ness we be not tryin ' he for lie . lot of we tell lie , one time or another . prob 'ly none of we murder anybody . harold jensen but what drive a man to lie ? means he 's hide somethin' . alexander van ness not necessarily that he kill Carl . I be not sayin ' you be wrong , just that I have my doubt . burke latham look , if you change chair right now , cos you doubted that maybe a chunk of the moon be gonna fall through the roof , that would not be a reasonable doubt . folk turn to burke . what the hell be you talk about ? alexander van ness ( laugh ) okay , you win that one . now can we all go to bed ? harlan mcqueen the moor line . do not that tell you something ? alexander van ness I think it do . miyamoto be on Carl 's boat , or vice-versa . not much doubt about th ... marlan mcqueen and Carl 's blood on the gaff ? alexander van ness there 's a chance it come from he hand . burke latham there 's a chance of everything . but you add a chance from here and a chance from there , the world be not make a coincidence only . everyone agree . almost everyone . edith twardzik look , if he give Carl a battery like he say , he would only a have one leave . not two . alexander van ness he explain that . he replace it . harlan mcqueen only he throw that part in when he get cornere . but first time around , he never mention it . roger porter Alex , stop arguin ' just to argue . you can see what really happen , same as we . be not that what we be suppose to do be tell the actual truth ? my God , Carl die , here . alexander van ness so I do not care Carl die , unless I be ready to reach for the hangman 's rope ? you oughta stop tryin ' to bully I into hurry . Little anger in that . it bring a silence . burke latham be six hour . you sayin ' there 's a way to go slower ? int . nel ' kitchen - late night nel in a ratty , fray old robe , pour hot water from a kettle into mismatch cup . his hair be wispy and wild , he eye puffy . he cough horrible . clear he throat ... nel well . it 's imaginative ... and drop tea bag into the cup with a splash . nel ... I will give you that . lisp over to the cluttere table . where he guest be wait . ishmael it 's the way it happen , I know it be . nel no , you do not . nel sit . slowly . ishmael remove he bag . sip he tea . nel that report . about the freighter ? you do not find that tonight , do you ? no answer . ishmael keep sip . holding eye contact . nel you go right to the cell . then to the boat . then here . how long do you know about the freighter ? ishmael ( just above a whisper ) one day . nel ' turn . to sip he tea . nel this taste horrible , hmmn ? ishmael you be wonder why I hold it . nel I be wonder how the judge be gonna like my waking up he old bone . in the middle of the night . and he smile . a wonderful smile . nel you daddy . be quite a feller . ishmael yes , he be . another sip . nel he 's look down . and he 's not think ' bout the man you be yesterday . he 's proud of the man you be tonight . that 's what count . ishmael to my father . everything count . nel watch the pain in that . nel what if I tell you he once say to I ... do not matter the road we take . just so we get there . ishmael ( smile ) then you would be lie . nel do not make I wrong . int . courtroom - day the jury once more in the jury box . pan they face . the face we see last night . nel ( o.s. ) all right , let 's say that twine have be there to lash a lantern . that it have come from the shuttle of twine find in the decease 's pocket . edith twardzik . burke latham . Alexander Van ness . nel ( o.s. ) now to re-open a trial that have go to jury ... new evidence should be pretty important . see ishmael . quiet , intense . on the witness stand . nel ( o.s. ) tell we why that lantern would be so significant . ishmael well . it show the prosecutor be wrong . it be Carl 's boat that be dead in the water . or he would never have put up the lantern . nel think about that . so the jury will , too . nel now you believe there be two lantern when defendant arrive . one in Carl 's hand . the second lash to the mast . ishmael that 's what Mr. miyamoto report , and he would have no reason to lie . he could not know that it would help he case . nel well , why do it ? ishmael because the second lantern , the one on the mast . be never find . so we have to ask ... a slight shurg . stating the obvious . ishmael ... where do it go ? and then ... ishmael maybe it go . where Carl go . over the side . hook objection ! speculation . nel smile he grandfather smile . nel you honor , all of this be speculation . include Mr. hook ' dramaturgy about the defendant issue a false distress call . hook tht be summation , you h ... judge ( gently ) overrule , Alvin . let 's hear this , hmmn ? nel gudmundsson nod to himself . take a stroll over to the jury box . no limp today . something have put some spring in he step . nel so how do this fit with what you tell we at the start ? the freighter that plow through ship Channel Bank ... and turn . lean he scrawny butt against the jury 's rail . he will watch this with they now . ishmael that 's when he fall . nel fell . ishmael settles in . here we go . ishmael miyamoto give he the battery , and leave . Carl 's boat be run , he go back to fishing . but at some point , he think of the lantern ... nel still lash to the mast . ishmael he figure a perfectly good lantern could get bang around up there . so he climb up . to cut it down . nel just as the freighter come through ? be not that quite a coincidence ? ishmael coincidence happen . you run a yellow light just as a car come out of nowhere . split-second tragedy happen every day . or maybe ... nel maybe ...? ishmael maybe Carl pick up something about the freighter on he radio , which be now work . same report milholland hear . and that make he get the lantern fast . before the freighter 's wake can bang it around . nel but you could be wrong . he could have climb up earlier . ishmael then where 's the lantern ? and where 's the knife ? nel the knife . what knife ? as if he really have forget . as if he want to know . ishmael coroner find a empty knife sheath on Carl 's belt . but they never find the knife . he 's nodd . yes , that 's right . ishmael he climb up . his hand wound still bleed . that 's the blood I find on the mast . and the twine . nel ' eye be rapt . his mouth be shut . no way he interrupt this roll . ishmael he cut the lantern free , the freighter 's wake hit , the boat roll hard , he bloody hand slip . trace blood along the mast ... a hush . ishmael he fall . the lantern , the knife , go into the water . same as Carl . the word hang there . ishmael and inside the cabin , a coffee cup fall off the counter . shake he head . ishmael but there 's no one around . to pick it up . nel ponder . put he hand to he chin . nel still a coincidence . timing and all . ishmael the freighter start through at 1:42 . the sea water seepe into Carl 's watch and stop it . at 1:47 . CUT to the defendant . ramrod straight , nothing reveal in he face . and to he wife . elegant , erect . her eye flood with tear . nel still and all . Carl be a strong swimmer , he m ... ishmael he hit he head . on the way in . silence . nel you think so ? ishmael the sheriff and the deputy and I inspect the deck closely . we find a small fracture in the wood of the gunnel . just below the mast . nel well , anything coulda cause that . ishmael nod . no smile at all . ishmael anything . that have a blond hair . and nel be walk now . toward the prosecutor 's table . pull a small cellophane bag from hisinside pocket . nel request introduction of exhibit 18 . one single blond hair . which sheriff moran dig out of that fracture . below the mast . of Carl heine 's boat . lay the bag on the table . just in front of hook . turn to the judge . nel we will call sheriff moran , who will confirm this . and coroner whaley to testify that the damage to the gunnel be of a size and nature not inconsistent with the decease 's skull fracture ... turn to the prosecutor ... nel but for now . you witness ... and just stroll on over to he seat . look in he client 's eye . how ' bout they apple ? kabuo love this old guy . and right here , he let a little of that show . across the way , the prosector be rise . he smile . friendly , almost amused . hook I have to start read you paper more closely . you be quite a storyteller . ishmael ( straight back ) thank you . come from the man who write , ' but here , adrift in the fog , I plead for you help '... that 's quite a compliment . there be a ripple of laughter . but no smile on ishmael 's feature . his game face be on . come and get I , sucker . and hook do come , one step at a time . straight to the box . hook everything have to happen just right . for you little story to fly . I mean , a blond hair could be on that gunnel for a lot of reason . ishmael I be sorry , be there a question in there ? no love lose . and no pretense about it . hatsue miyamoto sit with she hand in she mother 's . watch this man battle for she husband 's life . hook well , the freighter . the twine . the blood . the knife . the cup . the watch . the second battery . the phantom lantern . the fishing gaff . the crack gunnel . the skull wound . the blond hair . that 's eleven thing ... ishmael twelve . hook smile . hook I stand correct , sir . and you have a neat explanation for every one of they . hook nod . yes , you do . hook and since you confess this be all pure guesswork . what be you expertise , sir , be you a detective of sort ? ishmael my expertise . be that I be a journalist . right at he eye . ishmael and journalism . be balance . find the fact folk need to know . the word ring with quiet , heartfelt conviction , that other can not fully appreciate . ishmael then put they together . so truth be reveal . hook but be not the truth that there be several other way to explain each of this twelve piece . ishmael oh , yes . and the prosecutor stop . confused for a instant by this confession . until ... ishmael but no other way . to explain they all . a heart -stopp hush . as everyone , as hook himself , see the cehckmate . ishmael and since they all happen . this be the only explanation that 's the truth . the prosecutor look like he 's be slap . like every act of will be necessary to maintain composure . to find the easy , untrouble smile . hook you line of work . you must meet a lot of man play fast and loose with the truth . ishmael like you could not believe . service return . hook lean in . hook well , the defendant be a liar . he 's confess that much . and he explanation be ... he be afraid . and lean in some more . hook afraid that the good folk of this jury . would be too stupid to understand . too prejudice to be fair . shake he head . hook you buy that ? ishmael ( gently ) I think he be greedy . and once more . the prosecutor can only blink . can only move toward the trap . hook greedy . ishmael he do not want to lose any more . no smile . no smile as the trap spring shut . ishmael he would lose a lot in the war , you see . I have send he away . to a concentration camp . but a nice one . Far less brutal than the Nazis . because I be a civilized person . he stop . let hook clear he throat . hook I ask you a question , you be write a tract , h... ishmael that 's how journalist . answer question . turn to judge field . with all respect ... ishmael May I answer the question , you honor ? anout the defendant 's motivation to lie ? judge I would not miss it for the world , son . now , you say you send the defendant to manzanar ? ishmael I do not say . I do it alone . and thing get real quiet . ishmael so there he be . his father lose he health there , finally die . they lose more than etta heine 's seven acre . they lose they liberty , they dignity . they ideal about this country . so much feel in this . he have to stop . swallow hard . ishmael they lose they trust in we . we have treat they worse than animal . how would we now see tham . as human being ? tell the jury . straight to they face . ishmael this man lose a lot in the war . he do not want now to lose he baby . or the woman who love he . another level of quiet . he turn to the prosecutor ... ishmael and my expertise in this , sir . be that I lose a lot in the war myself . word come from someplace very deep . ishmael and the fact that I be the only witness . who place he right hand upon the Holy Bible . be the least of it , sir . I assure you of that . silence . hook well , sir . I hate to spoil the soliloquy , I truly do . but the fact be ... you be not on trial here . nor be judge field , or myself . nor the good people of this jury . for event that take place twelve year ago . no sir . hook and I would not blame this good people if they be a mite resent - ful . at a tactic that insult they intelligence . ishmael that 's curious . I be appeal to they intelligence . hook be you , sir ? can you prove one word of all you fancy story ? ishmael no , sir , I can not . not beyond a reasonable doubt . and he smile . first time . ishmael it 's fortunate that the man who need to prove he fancy story . Beyond a reasonable doubt . be someone else . there be laughter in the room , so welcome be any chance to relieve the tension . the gavel bang . ishmael I be sorry , Mr. hook . I apologize for my tone . this be not a contest . between you and I . shake he head . no , it be not . ishmael for it be not . as Mr. gudmundsson so wisely put it . a small trial . in a small place . his eye be damp now . strangely enough , after all this . he be at last on the brink of lose control . because ... ishmael I lose more in that war than anyone will ever know . so do a lot of folk . and what we get back in return ... his voice break slightly . but it ring with dignity on ... ishmael ... be a country . where a man be innocent . until we prove he guilty . and the voice drop . to just above a whisper ... ishmael whether we all get cheat . we be about to find out . int . courthouse corridor - day close on hatsue miyamoto , speak earnestly , she eye down , she purse in she lap , she slender hand express the intensity of she feeling as she make she point , and we ... pull back to reveal that she be on a corridor bench , surround by a half dozen reporter , who be crouching , stand , scribbling away . two photographer pop flash that she do not seem to notice , as she continue with refine determination , and we ... pull back , down the hallway to the Pov of a man who sit alone , unnotice . there be a unopen pack of cigarettes in he only hand , turn absently in long , strong finger that crinkle the pristine cellophane . his eye be fix to hatsue , hold court at a distance . fix , as if no other sight could ever command this level of attention . nel ( o.s. ) all thing consider ... hear the voice , ishmael look down . uneasy to have be catch stare so intently . nel ... you be adequate . no smile accompany the irony . for that would be condescending . nel I could make a few quibble , but I be loathe to hurt you feeling . the old man sit . very slowly . ishmael cigarette ? nel I will take two . one for later . ishmael try to tear the cellophane without success . nel seem not even to notice . nel ( quietly ) she be simply . beautiful . ishmael 's eye cut to he . a little quickly . confide ... ishmael I have always think so . there it sit . his finger claw absently at the cellophane . nel make no move to intervene . nel if I whistle . that boy will see you , and come runnin ' . you be the story today . ishmael you ever be strangle by a single hand ? nel naw , I have see what that can do to a pack of cigarettes . comfortable together . in this hour of discomfort . ishmael bring the corner of the pack to he tooth , and tear the cellophane away . ishmael better take three ... finger nimbly shred the seal , open the pack . ishmael maybe they will keep we wait . shake the tip free . hold the pack forward . nel ( very quiet ) maybe they will not . the way he say that . subtly ominous . ishmael watch nel ' face , as the old man take two cigarettes ... nel prejudice be like any obsession . tuck one in he pocket . and he eye slide , unmistakably , to hatsue . nel there 's a reason why we can not let go . even when we want to . ishmael be stone still . nel just gaze at hatsue . until ... ishmael a reason . nel ( simply ) we do not want to . look back to ishmael . very straight . nel hate or love . it work the same . in the silence ... ishmael you client 's wife ever mention ? we go way ba ... nel ( softly ) her mother . May have say something . there it be . kindness in this old man 's face . he bring the other cigarette to he lip . and ishmael take out the match box . never break eye contact . ishmael we do not let go , you 's ... nel it 's a rare thing . take a turn point . expertly , ishmael 's finger withdaw a match . nel you give this jury three chance . to turn . palm the box , ishmael strike the match . on he belt buckle ... nel no other way to explain it all . that be one . I catch some of them flutter , waking up , on that . reaches the flame toward the old man ... nel second . you send he to manzanar , and you do not do it alone . I like that one , they do not . no surprise . nel lean to the flame . suck it in . savor a drag . nel last . you give you arm . to buy this woman back she husband . be they gonna cheat you out of that ? bailiff ( o.s. , call out ) jury comin ' in ... everywhere , the buzz rise , there be motion a expectation . but nel do not seem to notice . nel some let go , some do not . where do you ? ask so casually . ishmael turn . hatsue be stand now , surround by people , she mother grasp she arm . ishmael ( a murmur ) hook call she deceitful . and I know she be not . he 's watch she . across the way . so intently . ishmael she be a honest person . do the best she could . we follow she approach toward the courtroom door . she have not yet turn to we . nel ( o.s. ) the prosecutor , the judge , cut she off . she be desperate . her husband helpless ... I be helpless ... nel rise . with great effort . nel you could not let she . be helpless . ishmael 's eye still fix to hatsue , grim -face , listen to she mother 's murmuring , as she ... ... disappear through the door . never have look we way . nel when this verdict be read . she may look for you face . and ishmael 's eye come up . because the voice command it . nel here 's what she need to see : this be nothing . we win it on appeal . the old man be stern and strong . he want a promise . ishmael it will be there . int . courtroom - day the hush of a hundred silence . we can feel the air crackle in the stillness . judge field be leaf through papers . no one cough , no one blink ... judge ( clear he throat ) mister foreman , have the jury reach a verdict ? he look up . across the distance , harold Jensen rise in the jury box . harold jensen we have , you honor . and hold out a slip of paper . Little more than a scrap . fold once . judge will the bailiff please bring the verdict to the bench . the bailiff do so , walk crisply to minimize he moment in the limelight . he hand the slip to the judge , who unfold it , and ... ... stop . stare for a hang instant . as if see something unexpected . he fold it again , rather carefully , thoughtfully , and as he hand it back to the bailiff ... judge ( softly ) will the defendant please rise . kabuo and nel rise together . but it be only into the defendant 's eye that the judge stare . no expression in the face of either man . but something pass , all the same . as the bailiff cross to return the verdict to the foreman , we SNAP to ... reverse angle ... every pair of eye in the room be on the foreman , now open the slip of paper . every pair . but one . judge ( o.s. ) will the foreman please read the verdict aloud . one reporter stare across the grain of all other sight line . toward a woman who do not see he . in case she need he eye . to be wait . harold jensen ( read ) we the jury , find the defendant , kabuo kenji miyamoto , to be not guilty of the cri ... a sharp scream , and the defendant 's mother - in - law cover she mouth in embarrassment . harold jensen ( continue ) ...of the crime with which he have be char ... applause break out from the back row of the gallery , where citizen of japanese ancestry have forget custom and decorum , as have ... ...a woman who come out of she seat , tear on she face , not even realize she be stand , hatsue cling to the railing that separate she from she husband . throughout the gallery , now ... ... some of the citizen assemble add they applause . other look awkward , not know how to react . the gavel lie untouched , unnotice , by a jurist who have no problem with anything that be take place right now . say only to the jury ... judge this be you verdict , so say you all ? as they assent ... judge this Court thanks you for the good work you have do under difficult circumstance ... reaches strong to the gavel , turn to the defendant ... judge go home , son . God bless . crack the gavel on its block . the defendant be out of he chair , and with one strong grip of gratitude to the frail shoulder of he counsel , he be ... ... at the rail , through the popping of flashbulb , she be in he arm , the embrace so fierce on both side , everyone crowd around they . a old man' eye sweep the gallery , look for someone . only to find ... ... ishmael 's back . as he disappear through the door . int . courthouse corridor - later the miyamotos hold court , surround by nearly twenty reporter and photographer , and countless looky - loo 's of all persuasion . hatsue 's face be flushed and intense , unsmile , she seem scarcely to have catch she breath . she hold tight to she husband 's hand , as he ... ... carry he baby son in the other arm , he 8 - year - old daughter lean against he , she 4 - year - old sister stand on the bench beside she mom . kabuo submit to question with a boyish grin of humility and friendliness . a american family . photogenic as hell . reporter # 1 and how about the jury ? you have confidence they would see justice do ? kabuo glance to he lawyer , wanna field this one ? but nel send it back with a twinkle . kabuo oh , sure . this be we neighbor , you know . they have get good heart . we could see they be follow the evidence real close ... at he side , hatsue seem to be scan the jumble of face ... kabuo we be just grateful to every one of they . ... look for something she do not find . reporter # 2 and you mar 'am ? you feel the same as you husband , I expect ? her eye move to the eager young man . she reflect for a beat . hatsue honestly , no . which catch everyone . a little short . hatsue ( quietly ) I feel my husband would be find guilty . unless prove innocent . no apology for the truth . that 's not she way . hatsue and Mr. Chambers do that . int . courthouse basement a vend machine stand in silence . the eerie strobing glow of defective neon . pull back as ... ishmael think it over . drop in he dime . pull the plunger , to watch a snicker fall . scoops the candy from the tray , pin it between he body and the machine . ... tear the wrapper . int . courthouse corridor back to the reporter . the crowd of onlooker have grow . reporter # 3 ...can we get some background on you handsome family ? I understand you two be childhood sweetheart ... and bring he parker pen to he notepad . his subject smile easily ... kabuo well , no sir , not exactly . we meet in the manzanar camp , you see , so I guess that be the most beautiful place I have ever be . there be gentle laughter . and as kabuo look up , he see something in the rear of the crowd . something we do not . and softly ... kabuo no , she first love be another fella ... which bring hatsue 's eye up , follow he gaze . and there , in the back . a man watch . eat a candy bar . kabuo ( o.s. ) I be the lucky one . no one see they eye lock . it be only a instant . it be enough . reporter # 4 it all sound very romantic , mar 'am . falling in love under that circumstance ... and as she look to the reporter , ishmael begin to walk away ... hatsue he go off to the Army , right from manzanar . and that last night , we dance alone in the desert ... and somehow , ishmael catch the eye of hatsue 's 4 - year - old daughter . so he pull a coin from he pocket ... hatsue ( o.s. ) I tell he . if you do not come back alive , I will kill you . ... ishmael roll the coin across he knuckle . and the child respond ... with she mother 's smile . ext . courthouse step - dusk alone on the step where the strawberry princess once wink at he . snow have begin to fall , soft and altogether beautiful . he squint up ... ishmael ( v.o. ) God 's kindness , my father say . despite the hardship ... it remind we . of we place in thing . we place in thing . he slide a black cigar between he tooth ... ishmael ( v.o. ) what the hell . do he mean by that ? he have the match box . manipulate it with the dexterity we have come to know . ishmael ( v.o. ) thing fall on we , I suppose . from the sky . strike the match on he belt buckle ... ishmael ( v.o. ) Wars . Freighter plow through ... cupp it expertly in a single motion , he bring the flame to the cigar . a single puff . ishmael ( v.o. ) and we seem ... helpless . until we understand . one more . savor it . the sky . the think . ishmael ( v.o. ) Accident rule every corner of the universe ... down the step . snow swirl between we . go . ishmael ( v.o. ) except the chamber . of the human heart . fade slowly to black . roll end credit .