snow white and the huntsman written by Evan Daugherty , John Lee hancock &amp ; hossein amini Story by Evan Daugherty inspire by the Brothers Grimm 's " Little snow White " November 22nd , 2011 1 ext . garden / castle - day . 1 from high above we see the castle garden cover in a blanket of snow . we hear the tread of footstep then see a beautiful woman in a fur-line cloak head towards a unseen object . eric ( v.0 . ) once upon a time , in deep winter , a Queen be admire the fall snow when she see a rise bloom in defiance of the cold . the rise look miraculously red . nearby , a raven look on . the Queen gaze at the flower , then bend down . eric ( v.0 . ) reaching for it , she prick she finger and three drop of blood fall . boom -- with the impact of a artillery shell , a drop of blood land in the snow . follow by another . and another . the Queen startles , then calmly touch she stomach . eric ( v.0 . ) and because the red seem so alive against the white , she think , if only I have a child as white as snow , lip as red as blood , hair as black as a raven 's wing and all with the strength of that rise . a beat , then we hear the pierce cry of a new - bear baby -- 2 int . royal bedroom - day . 2 we find ourselves in a crowded chamber full of midwive and physician . move through the chaos we glimpse bucket of water , dirty sponge , astrology chart and protection charm -- until we see a baby girl in the arm of she happy mother . eric ( v.o . ) soon after , a daughter be bear to the Queen and be name " snow White . " with a radiant smile , the Queen offer snow white to she proud father , king magnus . the baby 's cry grow louder as the King cradle she gently in he arm , turn towards a mirror . eric V / o and she be adore throughout the kingdom as much for she defiant spirit as for she beauty . 3 ext . wood near castle - day . 3 a wounded magpie be twitching in a puddle of water . snow white , age 7 now , step towards it hesitantly , look concerned . ( continued ) 2 3 continued : 3 young snow white pick it up , William . her companion , William , also 7 , brace himself , reach down , then step back in alarm as the bird start flap wildly . he try to cover he embarrassment by sounding knowledgeable . young william it 's die . it do not want to be touch . snow White ignore he , approach the bird herself . she kneel down , hesitates , then reach out and stroke the magpie , calming its flap before she pick it up . High up on a tree , another magpie look on . 4 ext . seaside village / castle bridge - day 4 snow white run , cupping the wounded bird in she hand , William dash after she . the sun be out and the field and forest be light up in all they glory . the child sprint through a beautiful seaside village -- thatched home with flower garden , happy farmer and fair village maiden -- young snow white hurry , William ! hurry ! they run down the dune , wave crash , the sand gleam in the sunlight , until they see the beautiful castle up ahead -- 5 ext . cloister garden / castle - day 5 a single apple tree stand in the middle of the cloister . it stand out . snow White and William dash past it into the castle . 6 omitted 6 7 int . royal bedroom - day . 7 snow White burst into she parent 's chamber . the King and Queen turn from the window . two physician be in attendance . snow White be too young and preoccupy to notice but she mother 's smile be tinged with sadness and she father look heartbroken . young snow white we find it in the wood . the Queen take the wounded magpie from snow White . the King look on sadly as she pull a ribbon from snow White 's hair and carefully bind the magpie 's wing . William watch from the doorway , notice how frail the Queen look . the magpie 's flap gradually calm , its pain ease . queen it will heal in time . snow White 's eye be fix on the little bird . ( continued ) 3 7 continued : 7 snow white I will look after it . the King watch snow White , hide he sorrow behind a smile . so do the Queen , hold back she tear . queen you possess a rare beauty , my love . in here . ( she touch snow white 's heart ) never lose it . hold it dear . you will need its strength to one day become Queen . 8 ext . cloister garden / castle - day . 8 snow White and William , with a small toy bow strapped to he back , climb the branch of the apple tree in the cloister garden . William pick a distinctive red and white apple and offer it to snow White . he make a point of the offer , hold it out , nodd . just as she come to take it he pull it away and take a huge bite himself , grin . snow White shove he off the tree and they fall to the ground . and now we pull back to reveal the King and William 's father , duke hammond , watch from the throne room balcony . king magnus my daughter will need you son 's friendship more than ever , Duke hammond . as will I yours . duke hammond we be here to serve you , you majesty . as the King watch he daughter , eric' voiceover resume : eric ( v.0 ) the next winter be the harshest in memory and snow White 's mother pass away . ba ext . garden / castle - day . 8a the garden be cover in snow but there be no red rise now . King magnus walk with he arm around snow white , heartbroken . a single tear roll down snow White 's cheek . Palace onlooker and mourner , fix on she face , feel what she feel , move aside . eric ( v.0 ) a year go by but the King be inconsolable . take advantage of he grief , dark force gather on the kingdom 's border . 4 9 omitted 9 10 ext . forest / battlefield - day 10 from above we see horse movie through the forest and enter a clear . at the head be -- King magnus , with Duke hammond by he side , surround by a line of the King 's Army . they be freeze as they look at -- across the battlefield - horseman in a line . the rider be silhouett on a misty plain -- a vast shadow army of faceless warrior . King magnus and the Duke trade a look - duke hammond from what hell come this army ? king magnus a hell they will soon revisit ! King magnus scream a blood cry , kick he horse and ride forward with blind courage , no longer caring what happen to he . the two line of warrior race , pell - mell to the center of the battlefield . when they meet -- Hand to hand combat at its most brutal . King magnus swing he great sword , and a shadow warrior shatter like glass . all down the line the same be happen - shadow Warrior shatter , evaporate . strange . duke hammond shatter a opponent as well and as loud and furious as the battlefield be only moment before , it be now that quiet . the King and the Duke watch in amazement as the rest of the shadow army melt away , dissolving into the morning mist until all that be leave in the field be -- eric ( v.0 . ) the unholy army be defeat , leave King magnus with the spoil of victory . a cage prison wagon . odd . not even sure how it get there . King magnus move toward it , with a little trepidation . when he 's close he get off he horse , walk closer and dare to look inside . ( continued ) 5 10 continued : 10 Inside the cage , a woman cower , she face hide behind a veil . King magnus stare at she through the prison bar , then with a mighty blow of he sword shatter the lock and enter . king magnus you be now free . you have nothing to fear from I . Duke hammond watch from outside the cage , a bit wary , as the King kneel beside the terrify woman . king magnus what be you name , my lady ? slowly , the woman turn . for a moment the King wonder if it 's he beloved Queen behind the veil . gently , he lift she veil . it 's not he wife , but the most beautiful woman he 's ever see . ravenna my name be ravenna , sire . the King be speechless now , gaze upon the face of a angel . eric ( v.0 . ) so strike by she beauty be the King , that he forget , for the first time , he break heart . his gaze be so intense that ravenna look down for a moment . when she lift she head -- CUT to : 10a int . gypsy wagon - flashback - day . l0a young ravenna - she face reflect in a small hand mirror . ravenna as a child , beautiful but poor , look into the mirror . her mother , a gypsy woman in tatter clothes , move the mirror closer . ravenna's mother this - be all that can save you , ravenna . the young ravenna look away , distract by shout and commotion outside . 10 b ext . gypsy camp - same - day . 10 b a little boy , finn , run as fast as he can through the snow toward the gypsy Camp . behind he , the king rider advance on the camp . back inside the wagon ravenna 's mother try to keep she daughter 's attention -- ( continued ) 6 10 b continued : 10b ravenna's mother ravenna ! 11 int . preparation chamber / castle - day . 11 cu - ravenna's face present day . still as a statue and even more beautiful as cheek be powder , eyebrow pluck and lip paint by several set of hand . her eye stare straight ahead , unblink , she mind elsewhere . attendant be prepare ravenna for she wedding to the King . snow white ( o.s. ) you be so beautiful ... ravenna snap to and look into the face of snow White , reverential , stand a few foot away . ravenna 's face soften as she look at the face of snow White . ravenna beckon to she with a look and then hold out she arm - " come . " as snow White step forward , the handmaiden withdraw until only one be leave , weaving beautiful flower in ravenna 's hair . ravenna that be kind , child . especially when it be say that yours be the face of true beauty in this kingdom . snow White do not quite know how to answer this . ravenna ( a warm smile ) would you like to be dress up like this and marry one day ? snow White nod . ravenna I hope you will invite I ? young snow white of course . snow White smile , enchant by she new friend . ravenna I know it be difficult , child . when I be you age I , too , lose my mother . snow white you do ? ( continued ) 7 continued : ravenna yes . a King tore I from she arm , dress I in lace and steal my innocence . snow White 's smile die a bit ; confuse . ravenna I can never take you mother 's place , but I feel that you and I be bound . ( touch she heart ) I feel it here . snow White mimic , touch she own heart , and smile at ravenna . it should be a touch moment but something in snow White 's face - the way she smile light up the room - give ravenna pause . 12 int . cathedral - day 12 ravenna , in a stun dress , . walk down the center aisle . all the nobles in the land be present . ravenna look at they , on either side of the aisle . they be all smile , nodd appreciation . but they be not really look at ravenna . she follow they gaze to -- snow White , behind , hold the fold of silk from the wedding dress . snow White look up , adoringly , at ravenna . as the bride and groom reach the altar , king magnus turn and smile , the happiest man alive . 13 int . royal bedroom - night 13 King magnus lie on the bed , drunk - half with wine and half with lust . his eye fix on -- ravenna , in a sheer silk nightgown stand near the fireplace , hold a goblet . stare a seductive hole through he . she start slowly toward he , never take she eye off he . he lick he lip - can not wait for she to arrive . king magnus ( gazing at she lustfully ) who be you ? ravenna the bane of king . when she do arrive she slowly crawl onto the bed , roll he on he back , straddle he and offer the goblet . ravenna sup , my lord . King magnus drain the goblet , toss it and grope she body . ( continued ) 8 13 continued : 13 ravenna now you be mine . her eye gleam in the firelight . magnus try to playfully wrestle she off , but she grab he hand and hold he down firmly . ravenna I will destroy you . king magnus ( loving it ) indeed , you will . she rip open he shirt then bend down and kiss he on the lip . he can not believe how good she taste . ravenna as my people be destroy . as my family be destroy . as I would have be destroy . he be slightly confuse by this and he face begin to show discomfort . ravenna but when a woman stay young forever - no man can resist she - and the world be hers . he suddenly start to choke , he eye widen in surprise . as he struggle for breath ... king magnus what ...? ravenna first I will take you life , my lord . then I will take you throne . she reach beneath the sheet , pull out a ornate dagger and bring it down through he -- 13a ext . outside royal bedroom 13a several Guards line the hallway . the door open and ravenna emerge . as she move past they ... ravenna the King have laid down he sword for the night . they eye take she , lustfully , in as she stride away and disappear around a corner . CUT to : 9 13 b int . gypsy wagon - flashback - day . 13 b ravenna 's mother take ravenna 's hand and hold it over a bowl of white liquid . ravenna's mother you must trust I , my love . with a small blade she nick ravenna 's wrist . Three drop of blood fall into the white liquid - boom ! boom ! boom ! Finn , ravenna 's brother blast through the door . finn they be come ! the King 's man ! ravenna drink ! ravenna choke it down . ravenna's mother drink ! and with it the ability to steal youth and beauty ! for that be you ultimate power and only protection . Finn step forward . finn I will protect my sister ! ravenna 's mother reach out and touch she son 's forehead , close she eye , a incantation of sort ... finn so it shall be , Finn . CUT to : 14 ext . courtyard / castle - present - night 14 ravenna exit the castle and cross the courtyard with a lantern . a portcullis open and dark figure emerge from the shadow , enter the castle . lead they be a tall pale - eye warrior ( finn ) . he look at ravenna devotedly . ravenna welcome , brother . 15 int . corridor / castle - night . 15 we see the shadow of the invader sweeping through the corridor , put the King 's sleep soldier to the sword . 10 16 int . snow white's room / castle - night 16 snow White lie asleep when she hear a bell ringing . at first she think she 's dream , but then she hear cry of alarm . she sit up curiously , then climb out of bed -- 17 int . corridor outside snow white's room - night . 17 there 's panic and chaos outside , courtier and soldier run for they life . snow White stare in confusion , then run too - 18 int . corridor outside royal bedroom - night . 18 snow White rush towards she father 's chamber and see ravenna at the end of the corridor . relieved , she hurry towards she stepmother when suddenly she notice she father 's lifeless body lie on the bed . finn and he knight appear beside ravenna . it take a moment for the betrayal to sink in , tear of shock welling in snow White 's eye , before she turn and flee -- 19 ext . courtyard / castle -- night . 19 the chaos have spread to the courtyard , duke hammond' knight struggle to hold back the invader . snow White hurry out , daze by the sight of battle , then see William pull free of he father 's guard and run towards she -- William grab she protectively when strong arm reach down and lift they both onto the back of separate horse . Duke hammond and he personal guard be attempt to ride out of the castle before the portcullis close . the Duke ride under the portcullis with William . his bodyguard be about to follow when a arrow from finn strike he in the back and both he and snow White be throw off they horse . young william Father ! the princess ! but the portcullis be down , separate snow White and William . the last thing he see be snow White struggle in Finn 's arm , be haul back into the castle . 20 int . mirror chamber - night 20 ravenna walk from statue to painting to urn , toppling and tear they from the wall . Cleaning house . ravenna 's soldier deliver a large object , then leave she alone . a beautiful mirror rest against the wall . ravenna stare at it . ravenna Mirror , mirror , on the wall who be the fairest of they all ? there '.s a brief silence , then the surface of the mirror ripple . liquid - spill onto the floor where it reform into the shape of the mirror man . his body be a veil of reflective bronze but he face - be a distort version of ravenna 's own . ( continued ) 11 20 continued : 20 mirror man it be you , my Queen ! yet another kingdom fall to you glory ! be there no end to you power and beauty ? ravenna smile , move to the center of the room , raise she arm and drunk with power -- scream ! the scream become -- CUT to : 20a ext . gypsy wagon - flashback - day . 20 a Young ravenna 's scream as she be rip from she mother 's arm . Finn throw himself into the mix but be backhand to the ground . ravenna 's mother move forward , ready to attack . the Guard hold ravenna pull a dagger and put it to ravenna 's throat , which stop she mother . ravenna be drag away and toss on the back of a horse -- ravenna's mother but be warn ravenna : by fairest blood it be do and only by fairest blood can it be undone . ravenna look back to see she mother and other gypsy put to the sword . Finn struggle free and chase after the King 's man as they gallop away . CUT to : 20 b ext . courtyard - night . 20 b all the wedding guest and noble stand , hold there by guard with sword and dagger . ravenna stand at the top of the stair . ravenna so kind of you all to stay over . general what shall we do with this ? she eye the noblemen and guest from leave to right . they eye beg for mercy . there be none . ravenna to the sword . ( continued ) 12 20 b continued : 20b there be gasp and scream as the Guards move the guest away . ravenna notice Finn , off to one side , he dagger at the neck of snow White , who stare defiantly at ravenna . ravenna Finn ! Finn stop he exit with snow White , and turn . ravenna stare at the little girl , not sure where she stand with this one . and then , ... ravenna lock she away . one never know when royal blood may be of value . 21 over a time - lapse image ofa rotting red and white apple . we 21 hear eric' voiceover again -- eric ( v.0 . ) the spell ravenna 's mother place on she give she the ability to steal youth and beauty , and indeed all thing good , for she own evil purpose . but for every life there must be a death , for every gain , loss , and under the reign of ravenna nature turn on itself and people turn on each other . 21a int . castle - NORTH tower - night . 21 a eric V / o and all this time , she keep snow White in a cell in the north tower . ravenna , in the shadow , sit perfectly still . though it 's be year she look the same . the object of she gaze be -- snow White , who have change . she be now a woman , lie in a darken cell . asleep . around the corner , Finn secretly eye he sister , who do not notice he . ravenna , just outside the cell , do not blink , entrance by snow White . strange . snow White open she eye and see ravenna . this be not the first time this have happen . they eye lock . then ... snow white why ?... ravenna do not answer , just stand and walk away . 12a 22 ext . wood - day . 22 a chill wind whip through the wood . lying sprawle on the ground we see a man ( eric ) who look like he 's dead . ( continued ) 13 22 continued : 22 it 's only as we move closer to he rugge face that we see the empty flagon of grog by he side and realize he 's drunk . his eye flicker , as a woman' scream cut through the wood . flash to : the spectre of a woman SARA , beautiful , in pain . a patch of blood blossom on she dress . her mouth be open , scream but no sound come out . back to scene - we hear the scream Eric 's eye flicker and begin to open -- then he hear it again . rose ( o.s. ) help !!!! he rise to he foot unsteadily , he head pound from a hangover , then grab two throwing hatchet and slide they into he harness on he back -- 23-240mitted 23-24 25 ext . forest - day . 25 Eric run past tree and duck under branch , crash into a few , still drunk . as he arrive at a clear he see a beautiful girl , ( rose ) , fight off a huge tattooed warrior , ( broch ) . eric Lay a hand on she and I will take you head ! broch turn and see the huntsman with he hatchet raise . broch ale give you courage again , huntsman ? eric wo not take much courage to split you skull from here . broch aye , but first you would have to see straight . broch advance with a grin , draw he own axe . try to clear he vision and steady he aim , Eric hurl the hatchet -- and miss , the blade stick in the tree above the frighten greta 's head -- broch be on Eric in a instant , swinging he huge battle axe . Eric narrowly avoid the deadly blow , he natural skill and dexterity slowed down by all the ale he 's drunk . ( continued ) 13a 25 continued : 25 Rose look on , terrify , as broch drive Eric towards the tree . he corner he against a oak and swing he axe -- only for Eric to duck at the last moment -- the blade bury itself deep in the tree , stick . we realize now from Eric 's dark smile that he lure broch into the trap . he draw he second hatchet , but instead of use the blade , crack broch over the head with the handle , knock he out . Rose look on in admiration as the huntsman go through broch 's pocket . ( continued ) 14 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 rose thank you . Eric turn . Rose see how handsome he be . Eric stare at she thoughtfully then approach and gently lift she chin , examine she pretty feature . Rose do not seem to mind , look back with a invite smile . rose I do not know how to repay you ? Eric stare at she a moment , then suddenly pick she up and toss she over he shoulder . eric do not worry , somebody else will . 26 omitted 26 27 ext . village - day . 27 and now we see a rickety prison wagon full of beautiful girl , just like Rose , stare out furiously from behind bar . Eric and a slave merchant haggle over Rose who be bound and gag , look just as furious as the other woman . slave merchant her nose be on the large size and she chin 's a little weak . eric you eye be dim . slave merchant I will give you two gold piece . eric after all the business we have do together ? Rose curse behind she gag as Eric pull she away . slave merchant four gold piece and that 's my final offer ! Eric do not even bother to turn around . eric I will pedal my ware elsewhere , thank you . the slave merchant see he prize disappear and call out : slave merchant ten gold piece ! Eric hesitates , but it 's not from a guilty conscience , he 's just consider the price . then he smile , turn . they have a deal . 14a 28 int . prison tower / snow white's cell - day . 28 we get we first good look at grow snow White as she shave wood for a fire . she 's do this every day for year . a regimen . her hand work precisely as she stack the wood and blow on the kindling . 29 omitted 29 15 29a omitted 29a 30 int . prison tower / snow white's cell - day . 30 the fire be now burn and snow White warm she hand on it . she hear approaching footstep . unusual . she jump up get in she bed and pretend to sleep . a guard open a cell opposite snow White . a few second later the door clang shut . as soon as the Guard be go , snow White rise , walk to she cell door and look down the hall to the other cell . snow white hello ?... what 's you name ? Rose , sit in a dark corner , go to she cell bar and look out . rose I be Rose . snow White smile - a friendly face . 31 int . queen' bathing room - day . 31 ravenna stand , attend by maids , in a black gown , open in front . appropriate in private but not when -- ravenna 's general and Finn stand across from she . the Generals avert they eye , make uncomfortable by she near nakedness . the General use a pointer to make he presentation while another hold a map . black knight general there be scattered rebel group on the fringe of the dark forest , but they cause little harm . ( continued ) 16 31 continued : 31 she dip she finger into a bowl of dead songbird , pluck out a tiny heart and eat it as she listen , not happy . ravenna and what of the Duke ? black knight general we have push he force into the mountain but he stronghold at carmath hold firm . ravenna Lay siege to it . another general the mountain and fortress provide impenetrable protection , my Queen . ravenna then lure he out ! burn every village that support he . poison they well . if they still resist put they head on pike to decorate the road ! black knight general my Queen . ( choose word carefully ) they have take the fight to we . rebel harry we supply line and rob we pay wagon . another general we have just capture two of the rebel leader . they will be put to the sword . ravenna I wish to interrogate they myself . she drop she robe and walk up the step to she bath . she lower herself into the white liquid . her face disappear beneath the viscous liquid , then she rise , like a porcelain statue . 17 31a int . bathing chamber - moment later 31a ecu - a small songbird , it 's chest open , revealing a small heart . ravenna 's claw pluck the tiny heart and we follow it to she mouth . she be dress now and stand at a window , Finn at she side . outside the window - a crowd of starve peasant at the foot of the castle , fight over the milk pour from she bath . ravenna ( to herself ) I will not go back . she be lose for a moment , then ... ravenna Finn , do you remember when we be child , begging for scrap like that wretch ? finn yes , my Queen . ravenna be I not kinder ? 32 int . prison tower / snow white's cell - day . 32 Rose and snow White converse ... rose all the girl in we village be take . I be try to reach safe haven at Duke hammond 's castle when I be catch -- snow White burst with hope -- snow white the Duke ?! he 's alive ?! he still fight in my father 's name ?! Rose stare at the feral girl now , realize who she be . rose you be the king 's daughter ? princess ?... the night the evil one 's reign begin we be tell all in the castle be put to the sword . how be you spare ? snow white William ? what about William ?! the Duke 's son ?! be he alive ?! ( continued ) 17a 32 continued : 32 rose I do not know , princess . Rose shake she head , still gaze at snow White , then hear the distant cry of other female prisoner . rose what will they do to I ? 18 33 int . throne room - day 33 ravenna sweep into the great hall . the Generals and Finn snap to attention . she stop and stare at two men , the capture insurgent . thomas , a grizzle old rebel , look badly bruise and beat , while he handsome son , lain , be unmark . they both stare at she defiantly . ravenna face the two rebel . a soldier step forward . soldier my Queen , this two be capture lead a ambush of we supply caravan . ravenna seem intrigue , step forward , eyeing they . ravenna you leave you home , you family , the bosom of my protection , to aid my enemy ? why ? thomas because under you rule we have lose everything . we will not stop until this kingdom be free . ravenna lose everything ? ( regard iain ) you son ? she move to iain , right up to he face . ravenna very handsome . ( to thomas ) obviously a debt owed to you wife . she reach out and touch iain 's strong jaw . he struggle against the Guards that hold he back . ravenna there be a time I would have lose my heart to a face like yours -- and you would have no doubt break mine . in a flash iain grab a Guard 's dagger and ram it into ravenna 's chest . she make a pain face , look down at the dagger , then up to iain . ravenna you would kill you Queen ? she pull the dagger out - there be no " wound , no blood - and drop it on the ground . iain and Thomas be shocked . ( continued ) 19 33 continued : 33 ravenna ( admire ; to iain ) you have beauty . and courage . but how strong be you heart ? she smile , almost regrettably , then place she hand on he chest . we hear he heart start to hammer -- louder and louder . he grimace in pain as she squeezy -- the hammer fill he ear -- until he heart finally burst and he drop dead . Thomas fall to he knee in horror , try to revive he son . Finn draw he sword to behead he when ravenna raise she hand . ravenna no. let he return to the Duke and speak of the generosity of he Queen . with that she sweep out , follow by Finn . it 's only now that we see the line on she face . Finn take she by the arm as she falter . finn be you alright ? ravenna pull she arm away furiously . the General and the other stare , alarmed . ravenna ( to all ) out !!!!! they quickly exit , all save Finn , who watch , concerned , as ravenna lean against the wall for support . she pull herself together , look at Finn . finn Magic come at a lofty price . ravenna and the expense grow . finn you look ... ravenna old ?... finn tire . ravenna my power ... fade . this be about as much as ravenna can confess . Finn watch as she walk up the stair to the mirror chamber . then he turn and clap he hand twice . a guard appear and Finn nod . 20 33a int . mirror chamber - royal palace 33a ravenna walk into the room . eye the mirror , afraid to look at herself . finn ( o.s. ) I have something for what ail you . she turn to see -- Finn , with Rose . ravenna almost smile . Rose hold she gaze defiantly . ravenna walk over , admire she face , smile , then take she by the throat and -- lift her off her feet . Rose open she mouth to scream but instead of sound , ENERGY pour out . ravenna open she mouth , devouring greta' youth and beauty . like a flower bloom , she line vanish . like a flower wilting , Rose age until she 's as old as the scullery maid . 34 int . prison tower / snow white's cell 34 snow White hear approach footstep and watch as a Guard open greta 's cell and toss someone in . snow white Rose ?... the Guard clang the cell door shut and walk away . snow White peer through the shadow . can not quite make she out . snow white Rose ?... dissolve to : 35 int . mirror chamber - day . 35 ravenna stare into she mirror now , rejuvenate . ravenna Mirror , mirror , on the wall , who be the fairest of they all ? the bronze ripple . the Mirror man pour out and reform . mirror man my Queen , you have defy nature and rob it of its fairest fruit . but on this day there be one more beautiful than you . ravenna more beautiful , but -- ( continued ) 20 a 35 continued : 35 mirror man she be the reason you power wane . ravenna she will not live to see tomorrow . who be it ?! give I she name ?! ( continued ) 21 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 mirror man snow White . ravenna be shocked by this , stagger a bit . ravenna snow White ? ( call out ) Finn ' . '. ( back to mirror ) I should have kill she as a child . she be my undoing ? mirror man she be also you treasure , Queen . it be wise to have keep she close for the innocence and purity that can destroy can also heal . hold she heart in you hand and you shall never again need to consume youth . you shall never again weaken or age . immortality without cost ! ravenna laugh , overjoy . Finn appear out of the shadow . all he see be he sister laugh , giddily into she mirror , no sign of the mirror man , as if it exist only in she head . finn yes , Queen ?... 36-37omitted 36-37 38 int . prison tower / snow white's cell - day . 38 snow White pace in she cell , frantic . two magpies appear in the window . she look at they and watch as they flap they wing . like they be try to tell she something . she move toward they . they jump back and up to the edge of the roof that be beside the cell window , hover there . she be confuse but notice -- a roofing nail , right where the magpies hover . snow White reach a hand out the window and touch the loose nail . her finger move it back and forth as it , bit by bit , break free . she yank hard .at the nail , almost have it when -- the magpies flutter again and blast away , as if afraid -- ( continued ) 22 38 continued : 38 snow White hear footstep down the hall . she steady herself , yank once , twice and the nail come loose . she jump down , lie in she bed again just as -- Finn unlock she door , leave the key in the lock , and walk into the cell . he stand there until she turn she head slightly to he . she do not move , grip the nail in she close hand as she try to lure he closer with she eye . finn do I wake you ? snow White shake she head gently . finn be you always awake when I watch you ? snow white ( hoarsely ) yes . she look away . snow white you have never come in before . finn my Queen will not allow it . she want you all to herself . snow white I be afraid of she . finn not of I . snow white no . he can not help himself , reach out and touch she arm . finn it 's alright , princess . you will never again be lock in a cell . snow white what do she want from I ? his finger move from she hair to she cheek , stroking it gently , and then to she chest . with he free hand he reach back for he dagger . ( continued ) 22a 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 finn you beat heart . snow White grip the roofing nail even tighter as she look at he . as he lean closer , she notice he off hand - the dagger and -- she slashes he across the face with the nail . blood fly . Finn react , grab he face in pain , yell and snow White kick he and run for the door , lock it behind -- 23 39 int . greta' cell / tower step - day . 39 snow White hurtle down the step to greta 's cell . she be shocked by what she see . Rose , now a old woman , look to she . snow White fumble with the key . Rose hold out both she hand . snow White take they , look into she eye . rose go. Finn stumble to the cell door , clutching he face . finn guard ! snow White toss the key into a empty cell and race away . 40 int . corridor / castle - day . 40 snow White run down the step into a corridor and see armed guard appear at the other end . she hurry into another tower , bolt the door shut behind she , and charge down the step . 41 ext . courtyard / castle - day . 41 snow white burst outside -- into the light . she almost hyperventilate at all the air , the sky . then she run through the courtyard toward the portcullis . the magpies fly right into she face then away , tell she to follow . she do and head straight for the small open at the base of the castle wall - the entrance to the sewer . as the magpies rise , she slide on one hip , plunging into the darkness below . the guard follow but can not squeeze through the open , run towards the Portcullis instead . 42 int . sewer - day . 42 snow White splashes through the deep stinking sludge . 43 ext . portcullis - day . 43 the old rebel , Thomas , with he son 's body drape over a mule , look back curiously as he hear the guard yell -- chief guard 0 / S open the gate ! the princess have escape ! he stare in surprise as rider gallop out . 44 ext . sea - outside castle - day . 44 snow White be sweep out of the sewer into the sea . seaweed wrap itself around she limb , pull she deeper. into the depth , but she kick and fight she way back to the surface -- gasp for air . 24 45 ext . beach -- outside castle - day . 45 snow White swim ashore . she look up and see a maze of large rock stretch out . she set off in one direction when the two magpie reappear , urging she to follow they in another direction . she scramble after they and see a white mare wait for she on the beach , lie on its side , allow she to climb on . the mare raise itself and be away in a flash . 46 ext . beach - day . 46 galloping hoof skim the surf , rider pursue snow White . 47 ext . decimate village - day . 47 snow White ride towards the village -- only it 's unrecognizable now -- most of the cottage have be raze to the ground or board up . a group of people include child - skeletal , hungry , desperate - see she approach and move out to greet she . she stop she horse for a moment , gaze past tear at the devastation and the state of villager all around she . at first they approach seem harmless but as they get closer they face reveal dangerous desperation and -- she gallop off , look back to see the Queen 's man give chase . 48 ext . field and woodland beyond the village - day . 48 the field and wood be even more devastate than the village . farmland have be burnt to cinder and tree chop down . all around snow White the world be stubble and ash . 49 ext . endless moor - aerial shot - day . 49 snow White crest a hill , she mare rear as she see -- the dark forest -- a vast wall of primordial tree . a mist seep from the forest like a evil miasma . snow white hesitates -- then see the rider close in and urge she mare on -- 50 ext . misty bog / entrance to the dark forest - day . 50 shadows everywhere . the mare charge into the misty bog then suddenly lose she foot . she rear -- throw snow White onto the safety of solid ground . snow White try to grab she rein but the horse pull away , not want to endanger she life . she try again but the horse back farther away from she . slowly they be separate by the swirl fog -- as snow White see the silhouettes of the rider reappear . reluctantly she turn and run into the forest -- ( continued ) 25 50 continued : 50 the rider be about to follow when they horse rear and kick in terror . one guard be throw off and suck down in the bog , frightening off the other . despite they concern for snow White , the magpie be also too afraid to enter the forest . 51 ext . dark forest - day . 51 snow White hurtle through the tree , a ghostly fog rise up all around she , then trip over a root , landing face first in -- a patch of large mushroom that unleash cloud of pollen . she cough , try to fan the pollen away , but it 's too late . she hurry on , but the hallucination come thick and fast now -- the tree look almost human , hood figure peer at she through the haze . she see owl without eye . Black oil ooze out of tree trunk . a hang vine reach down and touch she like a hand and now she run -- more terror rage at she from the swirl mist . she stumble again and when she look up vampire bat scream at she from the tree . huge skeletal form crack out of the bark , descend on she until she finally pass out . 52 ext . aerial view of dark forest -- day . ( d4n ) 52 from high above , we see the unconscious snow White as mist whirl in a circle . 52 a ext . castle beach - night .( d4n ) 52a vicious wave crash into rock . nature 's anger on display . 53 int . mirror chamber - night . 53 from above we see ravenna stride furiously in a circle of she own . she be livid , a whirling dervish . she 's fairly spitting as she bark at Finn , who stand in the middle of the room , he face bleed . ravenna how be it a innocent young girl make a fool of my brother ?! armed only with a nail ?! if she would have a sword she would have take the whole castle ! we be in front of she , behind she , on she face , on she foot -- she pick up the pace as well as the volume -- ravenna you swore to protect I ! do you not understand what , the girl mean to we ?! this be my future ! this be everything . everything ! ( more ) â €ž ( continued ) 25 a 53 continued : 53 ravenna ( cont 'd ) there be no one I can trust in this place !! there be no loyalty ! none !!!! ( continued ) 26 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 and then she stop on a dime , turn to he , march right up to Finn and -- belt he ! hard . he stagger a bit then pick himself up , look at she . finn she be chase into the dark forest . she 's likely already dead . she scream and slap he viciously . ravenna she 's no good to I there , lose . I must have she heart ! you have fail I ! Finn 's have enough , he erupt at she -- finn have I not give all to you ?! she take this , soften , unexpectedly , and almost smile . ravenna have I not give you all ? all . she raise she finger and touch he face . his wound heal instantly and he face grow calm . he nod . finn indeed , my Queen . ravenna do not fail I again , Finn . ( beat ) I have no power in the Dark Forest . bring I someone who know it well . someone who can hunt she ! CUT to : 53a omitted 53a 54 ext . village - day . 54 Finn speak to a group of people assemble by he man . finn the Queen demand the service of someone to navigate the Dark Forest . the villager stay mum , shaking they head . ( continued ) 26 a 54 continued : 54 old lady no - one go into the Dark Forest . finn you will be compensate . still no taker . a old-timer stare right at finn , step forward . old-timer there 's one man . a widower . finn where might I find he . old-timer in the inn. drink . the SOUND of smashing wood . they turn to see -- Eric fly through the Inn 's wall and land in a heap on the ground . old-timer appear he 's finish . 55 ext . inn - same - day . 55 eric. drunk . he try to focus as broch stride through the same hole and stand over he . ( continued ) 27 55 continued : 55 broch you owe I money from my pocket and money for the girl ! eric I have it right here in my pocket . if you will just help I up . Eric hold he hand out . broch walk over , suspicious . when he 's close , Eric grab he arm and kick with both foot in broch 's chest . broch fly back , then stride to Eric and kick he in the side . hurt . broch I want my money ! eric actually , I seem to have drunk it all . you be welcome to it when it come out again . broch haul he back up to he foot . he take a swing but somehow the drunken Eric dodge the blow , swinging back at he . everyone have come out of the Inn to enjoy the fight . Eric land a body blow to broch , who double over . Eric come in for the kill , wind up and swing - miss broch but hit a horse on the ass . it kick its leg , send he fly . he land in a heap and drop he head back . hand lift he and -- Drop he in a horse trough . he 's underwater for a few second before he come to and lift out he head , eye still close . eric ( mumbling drunkenly ) perfume ? he open he eye to see Finn gaze down at he . eric royalty . that explain it . finn the Queen demand you presence . eric can not you see I be have a bath ? 56 omitted 56 57 move to 55 57 27a 58 int . throne room - castle - day . 58 raven perch on the ledge and lurcher scamper about . Eric , still drunk , filthy , damp clothes , face bruise , enter the room , eye the raven , then look at -- ravenna on she throne . she watch he curiously . he 's more interested in the age scullery maid , include Rose , who be stare at he accusingly . he have no idea who they be or what he 's do wrong . finally he come before the Queen , size she up like a tavern beauty . ( continued ) 28 58 continued : 58 ravenna my brother tell I you be a widower , a drunkard and one of few who have venture into the dark forest . Finn look on , stand nearby . ravenna one of my prisoner have escape there . eric then he 's dead - ravenna she . she shoot Finn a point look then look back at Eric . eric then she be certainly dead . ravenna find she . bring she to I . Eric hold she gaze , uneasy at the request . eric I have be to the Dark Forest enough time to know I be not go back . ravenna you will be reward handsomely . eric coin 's no good to I if I be lie dead with crow pick at my eye . ravenna step off she throne now , approach he . ravenna there may be more than gold in the off . eric why be she life of such value ? ravenna that be none of you concern . eric I will determine what concern I , thank you . she smile , move even closer to he . ravenna you will do this for I , huntsman . ( continued ) 28a 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 eric and if I refuse ? ravenna nod to the Guards , who pull they sword . dying to cut he to piece . Eric eye they , then look to she and , in complete honesty -- ( continued ) 29 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 eric do I the favor . I beg of you . ravenna so you wish to be reunite with you beloved ? Eric react instinctively , grab she by the throat . the courtier rise to they foot and the guard draw they sword , but ravenna hold up she hand . eric my wife be none of you concern . something about she face , the fact that she enjoy he hand on she throat make Eric queasy . he release he grip , stare right at ravenna . ravenna my condolence . ravenna hold he gaze . ravenna you miss she ? his eye say , yes , he miss she horribly . ravenna what would you give to bring she back ? Eric stare at she curiously . ravenna you know of my power . bring I the girl and I will bring back you wife . eric nothing will bring she back . ravenna move even closer , look he right in the eye . she be incredibly persuasive as she say -- ravenna I can . believe I , huntsman . Eric 's eye say he want to believe . need to believe . ravenna a life for a life . 59 ext . moor / outside dark forest - day . 59 mist drift across the moor , the primordial tree loom up ahead . Finn and Eric ride side by side , four guard follow . ( continued ) 30 59 continued : 59 finn you fight in the west ? against the army of the five king ? Eric nod without look at he , gaze at the forest . finn you must have see a great deal of death ? eric death be everywhere . finn come now , you be be modest . there be a difference between gut a deer and gut a man . how many do you kill ? eric it 's not something I count . finn ( with a smile ) nor I . but I recall every face . there be no great delight than battle . Eric find this unseemly , but prefer not to engage . finn come now , huntsman , what do you feel when you watch a man die ? Delight ? invincibility ? eric ( honestly ) sorrow . this take Finn aback , not a answer he be expect . after a beat ... finn and what of they ? at the tip of you sword . what do they feel ? I would enjoy know . Eric look at he , realize from Finn 's face that it be a honest question . - finn the.only difference between you and I be I ' - never find a wife to save my soul . eric too bad . you will need one . he stop he horse and nod . ( continued ) 31 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 they be all stop at the entrance to the Dark Forest fifty meter ahead . the Guards gulp back they fear . Finn try to hide he own . even the horse sense danger and start to whinny and back up . 60 ext . dark forest - day . 60 vine and root have grow over snow White 's body , as if the forest be try to devour she . she open she eye , see she wrist and ankle bound and react in horror , struggle to free herself of she bond . we pull up , up , up until we can see the full scope of the Dark Forest . 61 ext . bog / dark forest - day . 61 Eric and Finn have tethere they nervous horse and stand at the entrance to the bog . eric do exactly as I do . Eric carefully place one foot after the next on grassy step stone that disappear into the bog as soon as he full weight be on they . the other catch on and follow , step on stone of they own . once they be across the bog and onto dry land Finn take a step forward but Eric grab he arm . eric exactly as I do . Eric put a cloth to he face , gesture for Finn and he guard to do the same and move forward through the mushroom field - pop of pollen mist all around they . Eric stop , bend down , spot faint footprint in the dew . he walk faster now , Finn watch in admiration . 62-63omitted 62-63 64 ext . tree / dark forest - day . 64 snow White finally shake free of the vine , jump up and sense she 's be follow . she look up at the tree but all she see be vague shadow . the wind pick up , ghostly voice howling in the breeze . she 's roote to the spot for a moment , then lose she nerve and run -- 64aext . dark forest - day . 64a Eric , Finn and the Guards move through a dark copse of tree . voice and whisper - call to they from the wind . Eric stop , look around . ( continued ) 32 64a continued : 64a eric pay they no mind . one of the Guards lean over a pool of water to drink when he see a ghostly reflection gaze back at he . he stare in surprise , lean closer . suddenly a barbed tail shoot out of the water -- skewer he -- and drag he into the depth . the other turn as they hear a scream but there 's no sign of they companion now , just the bubbling water . only Finn look unconcern . Eric stop sense something , hold up a hand . then dart ahead , leave they flat-foote . Finn make a decision to follow and wave for he Guards to go ahead of he . they reluctantly follow Eric . 65 ext . dark forest - moment later - day . 65 Eric move quickly then stop , listen - we see he hunt skill - as he hear the noise of crack branch in the distance , he blast away , move like lightning . 66 ext . tree / dark forest - day . 66 snow White feel like the whole forest be pursue she . running out of breath , she hide in some bush . as she stare into the mist , she see a sinister figure appear through the haze . Eric stop and look around , sense he prey be close . snow White stay low , try to quieten she breathe . Eric study the forest floor . he see snow White 's footprint , then look up at a area of disturb undergrowth . snow White peer through the bush and see the huntsman 's boot approach . she look around for something to defend herself with when the sound of the footstep fade . she can not see anyone now . she look relieved when suddenly strong hand grab her by the feet and drag her out of the bushes . she fight to get away but he pin she with a foot , reach down and turn she over . his first look at she give he pause . her face , she spirit , she youth . she slap at he - he pull out he knife with one hand while he pin she with the other . then grab , lift she . snow white let I go ! ( continued ) 32 a 66 continued : 66 she bite he . he grimace and grab she tighter and start trudging back . snow white she 's go to kill I ! the oueen ! he ignore , keep move . eric sure she be . snow white believe I ! her brother try to cut out my heart . he stop , look at she . snow white I swear it . he somehow believe she . New game . then ... ( continued ) 33 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 finn ( o.s. ) Quick work ! Eric look up to see Finn and he man approach . snow White gasp at the sight of Finn . snow white him ! he 's the one ! he come at I with a knife ! Eric hold she tight , one arm around she neck . finn well do , huntsman . Hand she over . snow white you can not trust he ! eric what do you intend to do with she ? finn why do you care ? Finn nod and the Guards approach . Eric grip she tighter . eric ( to finn ) you want she . give I what I be promise . finn come now huntsman , you do you job well . keep you word and hand she over . ( continued ) 34 66 continued : ( 3 ) 66 snow white he will betray you - eric shut up ! - snow white he will kill we both - eric I say , shut up ! he put he knife to she throat to quiet she . eric ( to finn ) I will keep my word when the Queen keep hers . Finn shake he head and laugh . finn you be a drunk and a fool . my Queen have many power ; she can take life or sustain it . but she can not bring you wife back from the dead . eric I want her back ! his face tell we how much Eric want , need to believe . the Guards keep inching toward Eric . Eric , still with a knife to snow White 's throat , start slowly back up . Finn pull he own sword and approach . four against one . as they burst toward he he toss snow White to the ground and in the same motion throw he knife into the chest of one of the Guards , who crumble . Eric reach behind , grab both hatchet and face off with the other . they all rush at once . Eric fight off the guard as he raise a hatchet , throw it -- right into Finn 's chest . just like ravenna , no blood , no wound . Finn pull it out , laugh and throw it at the huntsman who duck as it stick into a tree . snow White , terrify , race off into the forest . they notice she exit but keep fight . Eric fight on three side now - hold he own until Finn manage to plunge a sword in he side . ( continued ) 35 66 continued : ( 4 ) 66 Eric grunt and fall back . Finn race forward to finish he off but Eric lunge and -- flip Finn onto he back and into a grove of mushroom . Eric cover he nose with he arm and look at the other Guards , who look from Finn , who be daze , to Eric , who be hurt . Finn struggle to he knee , shake he head , hallucinate a bit . finn Butcher he ! find she ! the Guards , also try to cover they nose , move forward . Eric have a decision to make . bad odd . and he 's injure . Eric decide in a instant , grab he knife out of the dead Guard , as well as he hatchet from the tree and run after snow White -- 67 ext . dark forest - day . 67 snow White crash through the wood . then a hand grab she shoulder -- Eric . he slap a palm over she mouth before she can scream and slide down a steep slope into undergrowth . 67a ext . dark forest - finn - same 67a Finn be on he foot but still hallucinate - stumbling about . the Guards be spook as they look all around . finn this be not finish ! the word echo through the dark forest . 67 b ext . dark forest - eric and snow white - same 67 b Eric remove he hand from snow White 's mouth . at once she punch he with all she' got . he step back , lick he bloody lip . she take another swing . this one he manage to grab . snow white get you hand off I . she draw he dagger . he back off . eyeball to eyeball : ( continued ) 36 67 b continued : 67b snow white get away . eric who be you ? what the hell 's go on ? snow white get away from I . eric why do the Queen want you dead ? snow white she want we all dead . all of we - eric then what make you so damn valuable ? snow white you should know . you be the one hunt I . he back away . pace . ( continued ) 36 a 67 b continued : ( 2 ) 67 b eric ( to himself ) never get involved in the Queen 's business and what do I do ? get involved in the Queen 's business ... without warning , he walk off . leave she alone . she follow he . snow white where be you go ? eric away from you , love . you be trouble . snow white I need to get to the Duke 's Castle . there 's a army there . I will be safe . eric the Duke ? I have see sheep with more fight in they . desperate , she take a chance . snow white take I , you will be reward . I be valuable . be not that why you be here ? she appeal : snow white you be dead if you return without I . and I be dead if you leave I . he turn , exasperate with she . eric ( then -- wearily : ) just for argument 's sake . ( shake he head ) how much ? snow white how much be enough ? Eric " reluctantly " price up the job . eric well , it 's a long way , through the forest , and that ... that 's a dangerous road , I could not even consider it for less than thirty gold piece ... snow white a hundred . deliver I safe to the Duke . I give you my word . ( continued ) 36 B 67 b continued : ( 3 ) 67 b deep quandary . still suspicious .. eric who be you ? she look at he levelly . snow white maybe that 's a question you should have ask the queen . stand-off . snow white do we have a deal ? eric I do not trust you billy goat . snow white I have give you my word . he spit on he hand . she put out she hand . he shake it . eric I still do not trust you . snow white I do not trust you either . she wipe it on she skirt . behind they , a commotion . they run off . ( continued ) 37 67bcontinued : ( 4 ) 67b 67 c omitted 67c 68 omitted 68 68a ext . dark forest - day . 68a Tree root gleam with a eerie phosphorescent light . the mist close in . snow White look around the forest , unnerve by the haunt silence and the deep shadow . reluctantly she focus on Eric , try to take she mind off the terror around she . he sit on a log for a breath . eric we will stay the night here . snow white you have not answer I . eric I do not recall a question . snow white where be we go ? he take a stick , draw in the dirt . eric Queen . Mountains . Dark Forest . here . past . there 's a village . she take the stick , point to a different spot in the dirt . snow white I be go to the Duke 's Castle . he grab the stick back . eric you will go where I take you . snow white you will take I to the Duke 's castle or I will go alone . ( more ) ( continued ) 37a 68a continued : 68a snow white ( cont would ) ( beat ; look around ) as soon as you get I out of the forest . eric you be rather demand , and not all that endear , you know ? ( continued ) 38 68a continued : ( 2 ) 68a snow white there 's a reward that await you . there be noblemen there , a army . eric ( laugh ) a army ? the Duke fight ? he hide behind wall . I know sheep that have more fight in they . ( after a beat ) how much ? ( off she look ) reward ? just for argument 's sake ? snow white how much do you want ? Eric consider this , not sure how or if to negotiate . snow white two hundred gold piece . do we have a deal ? more , a lot more , than he be expect . eric I will deliver you to safety m ' lady . snow white swear it . eric I swear ( beat ) . constantly . it 's one of my better quality . she 's not sure what to make of this , but ... snow white Fine . he move to a spot to lie down and gather leave . snow White seek she own spot and come upon -- the rib cage of a dead deer , a host of beautiful butterfly feed on its bone . she be shocked . Eric notice ... eric I have see far stranger thing in here . she sit , look to Eric . something 's be bother she . snow white do you think ... will they follow we ? eric they would be foolish to . few survive . good news / bad news . she look around . ( continued ) 39 68a continued : ( 3 ) 68a snow white how far have you travel into the Dark Forest ? eric we pass it a few mile back . he open he flask and take a healthy pull . 69 ext . duke hammond' stronghold - aerial shot - day . 69 we be move over high mountain and valley now , approach Duke hammond 's castle . 70 int . war room / duke hammond' castle - day . 70 grim face commander look on as duke hammond comfort a sobbing man in the firelight . we recognise the old rebel , thomas , whose son be kill by ravenna . thomas she kill brave lain with only she palm and pull a dagger from she chest without blood . she can not be kill . Duke hammond have hear enough , turn to leave . thomas there be more . ( duke stop ) the princess have escape the castle ! duke hammond ( excite ) where be my son ? 71 ext . field - day . 71 flaming moss be throw into a puddle of oil and a massive FIRE light up the night . William , rapid-fire he bow at close quarter into a line of the Queen 's supply wagon and the fight be on . a violent clash of sword in close quarter fighting . his companion be as wild and hot-head as he be , roaring with delight as the Queen 's man finally flee . 72-7 30 mitted 72-73 73a int . war room / duke hammond' castle - night . 73 a William enter . william you ask for I , father ? ( continued ) 40 73a continued : 73a duke hammond I have news of the princess . William stare in surprise -- william the princess ?!! duke hammond ravenna have keep she all this year . william she life ?! duke hammond she escape the castle and into the dark forest - he turn to leave -- william I be go after she !. duke hammond we do not know if she survive -- Duke hammond grab he by the arm . duke hammond you venture beyond the wall tonight , disobey my order . we be all that 's leave , William . I can not afford to lose any more of my man . william then I will go alone . duke hammond and I can not afford to lose my only heir ! you do not know the dark forest ! william then I will find someone who do . William pull away . william I will not abandon she a second time . 74 ext . plain beyond duke hammond' stronghold - dawn . 74 William gallop away from the castle wall under the cover of the break dawn . 75 move to 68a 75 41 76 omitted 76 77 omitted 77 78 ext . stable / inn / village - day 78 a motley crew of woodsman stand side to side . Finn be eyeing they , size they up , pick a crew . finn which of you know the dark forest ? a powerfully build yakut tracker , aldan , and broch both nod . finn you . you. you. you . he 's select aldan , broch and point to other . as we move down the line we see -- William , hat low , try to look tough . Finn select a few more . finn load and prepare . you ride for bounty . into the dark forest . the rest of you . away ! as they disperse .. William set he jaw , and head off .. CUT to : the man ride out of the village . suddenly they stop . stand up ahead be William , block they path . he call to they . william you need a bowman ? finn call back . finn I have a bowman . away . william stand unblink . finn I say away , damn you ! william do not move . Finn turn to the bowman . finn kill he . ( continued ) 41a 78 continued : 78 the bowman smile , draw he bow . before he can loose a arrow : thwack ! thwack !! two arrow strike the bowman in the throat , lift he off he horse , stone dead . finn turn . william lower he bow . william I say do you need a bowman ? Finn study William with dead eye . 79 move to 80a 79 80 omitted 80 ( continued ) 42 80 continued : 80 80aext . village road - day . 80 a in the pour rain , a group of fierce bounty hunter ride on horseback , when another rider appear , block they way . it 's William . ( continued ) 43 80a continued : 80a broch clear the road . but William do not budge . one of the other mercenary grin , then ride towards William , draw he sword . he raise it when William unsling he bow and loosen two arrow at close range , hit he in each thigh and knock he off he horse . broch draw he enormous battle axe , about to charge , when Finn ride forward and stop he . finn wait ! Finn size up William . finn you be quick with a bow . william I want to ride with you . finn why ? william you be pay well and I need the coin . finn have you traverse the Dark Forest ? william no . finn then what use be you ? william as you say , I be quick with a bow . he nod to the guy on the ground , groan with arrow in he thigh . william and unlike he , I have two good leg . Finn consider for a moment , then smile , nod to the guy on the ground . finn replace he . William look at Finn gratefully . Finn study he with a curious smile then ride on . 44 81 ext . aerial view / dark forest - day . 81 from high above , we see the dark forest stretch out . 82 omitted 82 83 omitted 83 83a ext . dark forest - day 83a snow White approach a stream , kneel , splashes she face and bring a handful of water to she lip . eric I would not do that if I be you . not unless you want you bowel to rip apart . she turn . Eric have be snoozing on a rock , with one eye open . she release the water , stand and face off with Eric , who offer he flask of mead . she reluctantly take a sip , spit most of it out , hand it back . he smell something , walk a few step , bend down and examine a long brown pellet shape object on the ground . snow white what be it ? eric a fumee . ( continued ) 44a 83a continued : 83a snow white a what ? eric you want I to call it by another name ? he do not need to . it 's a animal drop . snow White wince as he knead it between he finger and take a long sniff . ( continued ) 45 83a continued : ( 2 ) 83a she catch the look of fear in he eye as he gaze around the wood . eric stay here . he move away , though the tree , tracking prey . he hear the wind call he name ... SARA Eric . he stop , look to -- a outcropping of rock , surround by dense forest . from out behind a tree step a apparition of SARA . she 's beautiful . eric Sara ?... back to snow white she hear he call out and follow he track . back to huntsman Sara hold out she hand . eric be I dream ? SARA touch I and see for yourself . Eric shake he head , look around , try to fight it , but ... her face draw he back and he begin to walk toward the rock . SARA you be not there to save I , Eric . I call for you but you never come . snow White appear behind and see -- Eric be walk toward a dark area where several set of lupine eye await . but Eric only see Sara and he continue to move toward she . she open she arm to he and step backwards , luring he . SARA where be you , Eric ? come to I now . protect I now . ( continued ) 46 83a continued : ( 3 ) 83a eric Sara , I be so sorry . forgive I , please forgive I . give I peace . Sara ... he take another step toward she and -- buckle - thwack ! snow White hit he behind he knee with a piece of wood . he hit the ground and she drag he away . he fight back and she jump on top of he , stare right into he face . snow white she 's not real ! not real ! do you hear I ?! he do and calm . she get off he and he sit up , fatigue by the experience . a low point for he . he reach for he flask -- pour the last single drop into he mouth . all go . he toss it aside . a lose soul . snow White watch he with some compassion . he catch she look , get up and walk away . 83 b ext . dark forest OPEN area - day 83b snow White catch up . snow white who be she ? the one you bargain for . the one that speak to you . who be Sara ? eric a name you will not mention again . he toss a knife to she . she 's surprised but catch it . snow white what ? eric feel its weight . one hand to the other . she shake she head but do so . eric now hold it - business end point at I . snow white why be you ?-- he lunge at she and she raise the blade . eric which be you lead foot ? ( continued ) 46 a 83 b continued : 83b snow white what do you mean ? ( continued ) 47 83 b continued : ( 2 ) 83b he jump at she again and she put she right foot forward , knife in right hand point . he start to slowly move toward she . one step at a time . eric now stay back . you be too small to attack . you have to parry ; use you opponent strength against he . raise you oppose forearm . she do . he come closer . eric with it you block and deflect a oppose thrust . you will lose meat but you will not die from it . wait until I be close . he step forward . eric not yet . watch my hand , not my eye . he move even closer . eric not yet . not until you can feel my breath . he move right up to she . eric now . they face be inch apart . eric this close . drive it through I . to the hilt . now look in my eye . ( she doe ) do not pull it out ' till you see my soul . they eye be still lock . snow white why do I need to learn how to kill ? he look at she . eric there 's a lot you need to learn lass . Eric back away . eric keep that . she nod , now - focus on he in a way other than as a instructor . he turn and walk away . ( continued ) 48 83 b continued : ( 3 ) 83b snow white where be you go ? eric fumee . 84c ext . cloister garden / castle - day . 84c a single blossom flower on the die apple tree . ravenna , look weaker than before , stare at it quietly , as if she be gaze at snow White . she reach out and crush the blossom in she hand , turn it into ash . her look be one of conviction . ravenna find she . 85 move to 10a 85 86 move to 13a 86 87 ext . dark forest - day . 87 Finn react as if he hear ravenna 's word . he do . they have that kind of connection . spook , he continue on . the other tracker follow , William look tense . at the back of the group , one of the mercenary slow down , sense something in the forest . William be still watch Finn when they hear a bloodcurdle cry behind they . the mercenary 's horse gallop out of the tree without its rider , a gape wound in its side . William and the other look shake but Finn do not even turn around , riding on . 87a ext . dark forest - day . 87a Eric pull snow White along . Beyond a bridge we see open fen -- the bridge lead out of the dark forest -- and bird circle on the distant horizon . snow White look relieved as she follow he down a slope . they hurry through a sea of mist when suddenly Eric stop . snow white what be it ? eric it can not be this easy . he quietly unsheathes a hatchet . snow white be this the end of the Dark Forest ? eric ( not pay attention ) uh-huh . ( continued ) 49 87a continued : 87a snow white how far to the Duke 's castle ? he ignore , follow track , then stop as he see the stone bridge below -- leading out of the dark forest . snow White stare at it too , relieved . Beyond the bridge there be open fen . they hurry down together and start to cross the bridge . they be half way across when suddenly we see the stone start to move behind they -- a pair of eye open in the stone , and slowly the bridge start to rise -- snow White turn to see -- a huge creature rearing up -- twenty feet tall . it be not a bridge at all but a -- eric troll ! Eric and snow White be slammed off the bridge and land in the shallow creek below -- among the carcass of slain animal . the troll roar and come after they , swinging its giant stone fist . Eric grab snow White and run -- as the troll catch up with they , Eric shove she out of the way and draw he hatchet . eric run ! snow White turn and flee . Eric run at the troll . he duck as a mighty arm sweep over he , dart between the troll 's leg , and hack at its leg with he hatchet . the troll falter a bit then -- a swinging stone fist catch he and hurl he across the creek . snow White look back to see Eric lie stunne on the ground , he wound bleed again , at the troll 's mercy . she hesitates , still terrify , then run back . the troll tower over the huntsman . it raise its stone hand to crush he when -- snow White arrive -- scream like a banshee ! the troll look around in surprise . so do Eric . a beat , then the monster turn away from Eric , stride towards snow white -- she stand she ground , fight she terror , pull her knife . the troll loom over she , but she do not retreat . she raise a arm , just as Eric instruct . ( continued ) 49 a 87a continued : ( 2 ) 87a Eric stare in surprise , watch the twenty foot monster tower over the tiny girl . ( continued ) 50 87a continued : ( 3 ) 87a snow White stare into the troll 's eye , see something almost gentle in its monstrous gaze , slowly lose she fear . the troll stare at she too , confuse , then slowly pacify , until it finally turn and stride away . Eric stare in disbelief . snow White be roote to the spot , also confuse but strangely move by what 's happen . Eric rise to he foot painfully and head over , take she by the arm . eric I tell you to run . snow white if I have you would be dead . a " thank you " would suffice . it 's clear he see she in a different light . she stare back at he . Eric hold she gaze , struggle a bit , then ... eric thank you . 88 ext . marsh - day . 88 the sun glint through the thinning tree . Eric wade through the deep sludge , snow White follow in he step . Eric look at she a moment , then suddenly turn away as he see she expression change -- ghostly backlit figure emerge on the bank of the marsh now , hold bow and arrow . Eric look around for a escape route , but everywhere he turn more figure appear . he draw he axe when a figure in a hooded cloak ( anna ) appear , clutching she bow like a goddess . anna they say only demon or spirit can survive the dark forest . which be you ? Eric , unsure , pull he hatchet and step in front of snow White protect she . eric which be you ? anna neither . perhaps you be the Queen 's spy ? eric we be fugitive from the Queen . snow White step forward into the light . ( continued ) 50 a 88 continued : b8 snow white we mean you no harm . ( continued ) 51 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 Anna see snow White clearly now , raise she hood . snow White see a deep scar run down she otherwise beautiful face . and then a smile . 89 ext . fenland village - day 89 the fenland village be make up of mud hut , elevate on stilt to protect they from flooding . eric where be the man ? ( continued ) 52 89 continued : 89 anna go . Anna paddle a boat as they approach the village . Eric and snow White speak quietly . on the bank the boat stop and they get out . the woman of the village move from they hut to greet they as they walk into the village . more woman emerge from they hut to view the newcomer , no man in sight . they all have scar face . all the woman have assemble alongside the group , watch with awe as they pass . they stare at snow White and murmur . they can not take they eye off she . some even reach out to touch she sleeve or dress . snow white ( sotto ; to Eric ) why be they look at I like that ? eric I do not know , but keep smile . a beautiful little girl , lily , move away from she friend and offer she hand . snow White stop , look down at the girl , try not to stare at she scar . 90-93a omitted 90-93a 93 b ext . bank of the lake / fenland village - day . 93b Eric sit by the lake , anna bandage he wound . anna you have travel far huntsman . with a heavy burden . snow white be play with lily . they be make little doll from straw . eric I have have worse job . and anyway , she 's not that heavy . anna you mean ... you do not know who she be ? his eye narrow . eric what do you mean ? he look over . ( continued ) 52aa 93 b continued : 93b eric who be she ? across the way snow White draw eye upon the doll . snow White 's eye fill with tear . lily my father show I how to make they . but he 's go away . lily take a stick and mark the doll face with a scar .. lily here . she 's finish . she hand it to she . ( continued ) 52a 93 b continued : ( 2 ) 93b snow white she 's beautiful . lily smile and run off to play . behind she Eric appear . snow white this woman ... this place .. it 's very peaceful . but it make I very sad . eric why do not you tell I ? she stop . she know . eric because I would think it too fall a task ? you would be right . she look at he . shake she head . snow white that 's not why . it 's because I have never say the word . she look at lily play . snow white I be not sure I believe it myself . I never feel like a.. ( she stop . ) alone in a dark cell . for year . Fighting to cling to memory . what he look like . smell like . the kind man with the big arm and the wonderful smile .. to I .. he be not the King . he be my father . Eric do not know what to say . in time , he reach in he pocket . eric here . snow white what be it ? eric I have carry it a long time . snow white what be it make of ? eric gristle from a stag 's heart . ( off she look ) ( more ) ( continued ) 52b 93 b continued : ( 3 ) 93b eric ( cont 'd ) the stag 's the most timid animal in the forest but there 's a bone in it 's heart that give it courage in it 's hour of need and make it the bravest in of all God 's creature . it 's a protection charm . ( he shrug ) or so they say . they share a look . snow white be it hers ? it 's the most honest and emotional he 's be with she . eric take it . she do . snow white thank you , huntsman . he look at the sky . eric it 's get dark . he walk away . ( continued ) 53 93 b continued : ( 4 ) 93b 94 omitted 94 95 int . hut - fenland village - night . 95 snow White lie in she bed . nearby sleep Anna and lily . snow white she 's so beautiful . anna that be not a kind thing to say in this time . youth one cannot alter ... beauty , however . we have sacrifice beauty to raise we child in peace . and you , you sacrifice will come , princess . ( continued ) 53a 95 continued : 95 snow White look to Anna , surprised . a95 ext . outside the hut - same a95 Eric exit and pause , look back - through the flap can see snow White . he walk away . 54 95a omitted 95a 96 omitted 96 96a omitted 96a 96 b int . inside the hut - same . 96 b anna you must prepare yourself , my dear . for a time soon come when you must deliver that sacrifice . will you be ready ? Anna suddenly stop . as if something have disturb she . she get up and leave . snow white what be it ? anna sleep my dear . you must rest . she leave . 96 c ext . fenland village . night . 96 c Eric make he way along the perimeter , find a path through the tree . suddenly he stop . turn . twenty foot away . it 's Anna . anna how can you desert she now you know the truth ? eric aye I know the truth . and that 's exactly why she should be as far from I as possible . anna she 's the only one that can save we . she need you . eric trust I . I be the last thing she need . I be bad luck . everything I have ever care about be destroy . anna there 's good in you huntsman . I can see it . eric people have make that mistake before . he head off into the night . 54a 97 omitted 97 97a omitted 97a 98-103 omitted 98-103 104 int . anna be hut - fenland village - night . 104 snow White awaken . look around , no Eric , put it in she pocket . then smell smoke , walk outside and look up to see -- the sky blaze with burning arrow all raining down on the village . 104a ext . wood - same - night . 104a Eric , move away from the village , spin to see the arrow lighting up the sky behind he . he race toward the village . 104b-107 omitted 104b -107 108 int . hut / fenland village - night . 108 snow White re-enter the hut just as a flaming arrow pierce through the thatch and stick next to lily 's sleep head . snow White push lily away from the fire and grab the arrow . Anna scream because - a mercenary race into the hut . on impulse snow White backhand stab he in the leg with the flaming arrow and he tumble , flame burn he clothes . snow White stare at he for a moment , he face , he pain . Anna shake she out of the moment and they all race out . 109 omitted 109 55 109a omitted 109 a 110 ext . fenland village - night . 110 Finn and he hunter scour the inferno on they horse . finn run , rat , run . find she ! William look around the burn village in panic . 111 omitted 111 llata omitted llata 112 ext . anna be hut - fenland village - night . 112 snow White run with lily and Anna when she see a fearsome mercenary leap off he horse and stride towards they . snow white ( to anna ) run ! snow White face off with the mercenary . she do as she 's be teach - wait for he to approach . when he 's close enough to grab she slashes at he with the knife . the huge mercenary knock she to the ground and advance on she . -- when a arrow strike he in the shoulder . he fall , revealing a young warrior hold a bow . it 's william . snow White stare at he through the flame , with a mixture of recognition and uncertainty . it 's as if for a moment everything stop as she come face to face with something from the past . almost like a ghost . or a vision .. he nod to she in recognition . she stand perfectly still . suddenly Anna pull snow White away , as they move through the smoke and the fire . William start to follow , a curtain of smoke swirl around he . 113 ext . fenland village - night . 113 Eric arrive to see the village in flame . he rush to the centre of the village , pull a mercenary off he horse and run he through with he own sword , then fight and kill two more merc as he make he way forward . 55aa 114 ext . another part of fenland village - night . 114 Finn sit astride he horse like a demon king in the firelight . he spot William in the distance , search for snow White and ride toward he . 55 a 115 ext . fenland village - night . 115 snow White look back through the distant flame as she run , when suddenly powerful arm grab she . she flail with the knife but it 's only Eric -- ( continued ) 56 115 continued : 115 eric come on ! snow white we must help they ! Anna see snow White fight off Eric and shout -- anna you will ! go ! Eric hold she firmly , pull she away against she will . 116 omitted 116 117 ext . another part of fenland village - night . 117 William jump on he horse again , look for snow White through the cloud of billow smoke . Finn and aldan ride up . finn have you see she ? william no , my lord . Finn spit fury and continue to race around , frantic . 118 ext . marsh outside fenland village / lake - night . 118 Eric pull snow White onwards , the blaze fire from the village lighting up the marsh . he see a lake up ahead when a figure appear , block they way . it 's the giant broch . grinning , he unstrap he huge axe , ready to face Eric one more time . Eric do not even slow down , let go of snow White and unstrap he own hatchet . it look as if it 's go to be a epic fight , but as broch swing , Eric duck and drive both hatchet into the giant 's rib , kill he instantly . they escape into the darkness . 118a omitted 118a 57 118b int . stairway - night . ( move from 84a ) 118b ravenna walk up the spiral staircase . she pass a old woman who glance at she . she walk past a few step , think she hear a whisper , then turn on a heel . ravenna what do you say ? then she 's right in she face -- ravenna what did you say ! the " old woman " just stare at she , shake she head . there 's something in the woman 's eye that terrify ravenna . she back up , retreate , then scurries away . 118c int . ante room - royal palace - night ( move from b4b ) . 118c ravenna sit alone , naked . her spine stretch through she taut skin . in front of she sit the crown on a dark cushion , a matte tuft of hair catch on the gild edge . she stare at it , then slowly raise she hand to a bald patch at the side of she hair . ravenna finn !!!!!!!!! the word echoe in the palace -- 119 ext . fenland village - night 119 Finn , surround by smoke and fire , be beyond frustration . he scream to the heaven in despair . 120 omitted 120 121 ext . river bank - day . 121 Eric and snow White be far down river . they make they way to the bank , drench and exhaust . snow White 's hand shake - distraught over the violence at the village . Eric look at she guiltily . ( continued ) 57a 121 continued : 121 snow white why do you come back ? eric I lead they there . I be to blame . snow White look at he with empathy . he 's in pain , too . ( continued ) 58 121 continued : ( 2 ) 121 eric I will take you to Duke hammond 's . snow White slowly nod . Eric lie back and look up at the sun flicker through the tree . it dance on he face and then -- a huge shadow blot out the light . before he can react , fist and boot lay into he . as he protect he face , we catch glimpsis of brutal figure in battle mask . Eric kick a couple of they away , but more of they swarm over he , pin he down in leg lock and choke hold . snow White be treat just as roughly , powerful arm and leg pin she down . she bite one of she captor and he twist she arm behind she back . a noose be sling around Eric 's ankle and he 's haul up - hang upside down . snow White , also tie up , sit on the ground beside he . a line of dwarve stand before they and pull up they grotesque battle mask . the dwarf leader , beith glower . beith well , well , well ... the miscreant huntsman . eric come on , beith ! be this how you treat a friend ? the dwarf leader , beith , glower . beith no , you horn beast , this be how I treat a friend ! he smack Eric with a gnarled stick . 122 move to 84c 122 123 omitted 123 124 omitted 124 124a ext . wood - later - day . 124a snow White and the huntsman be still truss up like chicken now . the dwarve be group together , argue and occasionally throw angry glance toward Eric . as they bicker the dwarve slap and bite at each other - like animal . ( continued ) 59 124a continued : 124a snow white ( whisper ) what do you do to they ? eric I try to collect the bounty on they head . a few time . snow white be there no one you have not wronge ? Eric nod at she . " you . " eric but there 's always tomorrow . gort shut it , you hedge pig . the dwarf confab break up and they approach . beith this be my lucky day , the puttock I loathe most in the world land in my lap . eric it be you lucky day , beith . I have get enough gold to keep you in ale for a year . cut I down and I will -- nion , beith 's right hand man and a fervent dwarf supremacist , clip Eric around the ear . nion shut you ugly mug , huntsman . you have any penny they would have fall out you pocket by now . eric it 's hide . back there , in the wood . a short distance . they get the reference , do not like it . nion slap Eric again . nion pull the other one , you lie dangler . snow white tell they the truth , huntsman . the youngest of the dwarve , gus , be beam at snow White with he dirty tooth . snow white ( fiercely ) what be you look at ? ( continued ) 59 a 124a continued : ( 2 ) 124a gus nothing , miss . it 's just ... you be the prettiest thing I ever do see . he smile , almost sweetly , disarming she . snow White look at she other captor now , notice a blind dwarf , ( muir ) , who sit with he son ( quert ) , also gaze at she . ( continued ) 60 124a continued : ( 3 ) 124a eric just tell I what I have do wrong ? beith tell I what you have do right first ? eric I save this girl from the Queen . out of the goodness of my heart . snow White give he a look . he calm she with a look of he own . beith do not sound like you , huntsman . eric people change . nion people , not ruttish swine . nion give Eric another smack around the head . muir quert ? quert jump to and help he father as he make he way to snow White . he touch she face and something happen in he . his demeanor soften and the hint of a smile land on he lip . meanwhile ... gort so what 's the verdict ? coll leave them to rot . duir yeah . or skewer he and leave she to rot ! coll that would work , too , but my way 's cleaner . note : coll and duir have this " at each other but we be comrade " relationship . coll also have a incessant cough . muir no ! ( a beat for emphasis ) she be destine . they all trade look . muir be the spiritual leader of the group and they dare not speak against he , even beith . gort destine ?... ( continued ) 61 124a continued : ( 4 ) 124a gus ( smitten ) she be . beith be you ? snow white do you hate the Queen ? beith hate 's a strong word . ( beat ) but not strong enough in this case . snow white my father be King magnus . this carry weight with the group . impress . muir no one listen to I . snow white if you accompany we to the Duke 's castle you will be pay handsomely . eric we do not need they help . beith you be already lose see that you find we . gort how handsomely ? snow white you weight in gold . each of you . the dwarve trade glance , literally size each other up . eric that 's more than you offer I ?! beith goodness of you heart , eh , huntsman ? duir ( whisper to coll ) I get more than you . coll true , but because of you size you eat and drink more , which cost more , so ... ( continued ) 62 124a continued : ( 5 ) 124a beith alright , we will take you , but the huntsman can hang - snow white both of we . Eric look surprised by she loyalty . so do the dwarve . suddenly duir call out : duir rider ! the dwarve look round to see a dozen silhouetted horsemen appear on the crest of a distant hill . eric that be the Queen 's man , beith , better decide quickly . beith one dwarf 's worth a dozen tallster , I will take my time thank you -- he suddenly stop as dozen more rider appear on the hill . eric you be say ? beith cut he down ! move out ! nion roughly cut the line and the huntsman drop to the ground as Gus gently lift snow White . they all hurry down the hill . 125 omitted 125 126 ext . rocky hill / cave - day . 126 the dwarve and they captive arrive at a rocky outcrop . duir and coll pull back a large root expose a cave entrance . eric ah , a short cut . all 8 dwarf head spin at he - piss off . enough with the short joke . nion rap Eric 's knee with the flat of he dagger . eric owww !!! Gus cut snow White loose . ( continued ) 62a 126 continued : 126 nion hesitates , then reluctantly frees the huntsman . duir and coll lead the way into a cave . Gus pull snow White to safety just as the enemy rider appear . 127 int . cave complex - day . 127 from they hide vantage point , Eric , snow White , and the dwarve watch the rider search for they . some gallop on , but a small troop remain behind . realizing they have no choice but to retreat further , duir and coll signal and the dwarve follow they deeper into the cave system . 63 128 int . cave - day . 128 a shaft of light pour through the cave roof high above , bat circle . the dwarve move effortlessly down the labyrinth but snow White and the huntsman have to squeeze through the crack . 129 ext . sanctuary - day . 129 snow White and the huntsman emerge from the cave to see a shimmer landscape of glisten moss and sunlight . it 's like a mirage . the air be fill with speck of pollen and a strange humming noise echoe like music . for snow White , it 's the most beautiful sound she 's ever hear . next to she , nion , snort : nion blasted fairy music . wish I have some wax to stuff my ear . gort there 's plenty of moss . gort scoops up a handful of moss and mould himself some ear plug , stick they in he ear . snow White be still mesmerize by the fairy music and the shimmer haze . snow white what be this place ? the huntsman look just as dazzle . gus they call it sanctuary , my lady . the enchant Forest . it 's the home of the fairy . and slowly the hazy curtain give way to a enchant forest -- as different to the dark forest as one could imagine -- life grow everywhere -- lush grass , proud tree cover in butterfly , bubbling stream , moss cover tortoise , fox and rabbit side by side , exotic flowers and everywhere the life - giving pollen -- snow White see tiny figure fly behind the tree -- almost too fast to spot -- the pollen follow they in long trail -- gus fairy . gort pest . of the other dwarve , only the blind muir seem to appreciate the beauty around he , enjoy the vibration on he face . beith set up camp . 64 130 ext . stone ruins / grove / enchanted forest - sunset . 130 hearty , soulful singing . seat among the ruin , the dwarve sing a celtic ballad as old as time , gus play the fiddle . coll and duir sit away from the other , gaze out with the thousand yard stare of harden war veteran . coll that song take I back to the battle of tylweth Gate . a small horde versus a army . pickax against sword and spear . duir they be the day . ( beat ) what happen to you quailing cough ? coll shake he head , " dunno " . the two of they smile then join in the sing . a drunken gort take a swig of ale and stagger over to gus . gort play louder , you whey - face , I can still hear that harpy fairy . he take another swig and sing at the top of he voice , out of tune , try to drow out the hum of the unseen fairy . snow White and the huntsman look on , smile . eric legend have it dwarve be create to uncover all the rich hide on earth . not just gold and precious stone , but the beauty in people 's heart . snow white really ? eric ask I , they have lose the art if they ever have it . when the Queen seize they mine she steal they treasure but more than that she steal they pride . and as if to prove it , gort and nion sing and share from a flask of rum before they tumble to the ground - near muir as the song end . Eric notice the tumble and chuckle . gort what be you pribbling at , longshank ?! eric nothing half - wit . gort I be half of nothing . you canker blossom . ( continued ) 64a 130 continued : 130 muir Son ?... sing the one . perched on he stone , quert nod ; sing a more cheerful song . Eric watch as snow White walk over to muir . before she can say anything ... ( continued ) 65 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 muir that seat 's not take , if that 's what you be about to ask . she sit on the log beside he . gort and nion eye she . snow white thank you so much , sir . muir it 's only a log , no need to praise I . snow white no . for before . for defend I . muir you father be a good man . the kingdom prosper . we people prosper . snow white there be more of you ? muir aye . and that be all muir will say on the subject . gort fill in . gort one day the group you see before you go down into the mine for a month long shift . Gus be only a boy . when we come back to the surface ... nothing . the land be black , everything , everyone ... dead , go . we searched but ... gort surprise himself by choke up a bit . muir help out . muir that be the month you father die . snow white I be so sorry . muir as be I , princess . as be i. gus walk over to snow White . gus I know I be a bit spongy to look at , miss , but would you care to dance - with a little 'un ? snow white I would be honore . snow White get up and dance with Gus as the song pick up . ( continued ) 66 130 continued : ( 3 ) 130 nion and gort watch she dance with gus. nion 's not impressed , lean in to gort ... nion I do not trust she . and I do not believe in she , no matter what muir say . gort be still melancholy ... gort just you and I , ... do you think there be any of we leave ? do you think perhaps they be merely banish ? nion as long as the Queen 's in charge we will never know . gort well , maybe that 's the point , be not it ? ( beat ; out of the blue ) I feel funny . queer almost . nion queer . since when ? gort how 's you gout ? nion rub he leg . nion better . gort 's look go from nion to snow White . gort you do not think it have anything to do with ... nion how much have you have to drink ?! the huntsman drain the last few drop of he rum when beith approach , sit beside he gruffly . beith fleece we of all we rum , eh huntsman ? eric what do you say , we let bygone be bygone ? beith not yet , nut-hook . what 's in it for you ? ( off Eric 's innocent expression ) I be talk about the girl ? be it really just the gold ? ( continued ) 67 130 continued : ( 4 ) 130 Eric watch snow White dance with Gus , then shrug . eric I be not sure , beith . if I have any sense I would have abandon she long ago . beith eye Eric as he watch snow White dance . beith muir say she 's destine . question be , huntsman , for whom ? Gus and snow White be still dance . gus ( as snow White tread on he toe ) you do not mind I say , you get two leave foot for a princess . snow white I do not mind at all , Gus . I have not dance in a long , long while . she feel eye on she - turn to see the huntsman watch she with a slight smile . she smile back and break away . snow white do you mind , Gus ? gus not at all . snow White walk over to the huntsman , hold out she hand . snow white you have teach I to fight , surely I can teach you to dance . Eric trade a look with beith , who nudge he on . Eric stand and they proceed to dance , with she teach . snow white palm up , head straight , look I in the eye . and ... the huntsman move better than you would imagine . his face even soften as they both enjoy the dance . beith look on with a smile . 130a omitted 130a 131 ext . stone ruins / grove / enchanted forest - dawn . 131 Eric and the dwarve be asleep . Flowers have grow around they , as if they have be asleep for month . cull and duir sleep sit up , back to back , at the ready . ( continued ) 68 131 continued : 131 muir , also awake and smile , sit against the log , he hand rub he son 's sleep head . snow White sit amaze , drink in the sight and sound . animal emerge from the forest -- squirrel , beaver , fox , bird . slowly they make they way towards the ruin , gaze at snow White . the night shimmer with fairy light as they observe her . snow White feel the light on she face and to she surprise , she see the two magpie who watch over she at the castle . two beautiful fairy with the deer eye slip out of the magpies ' body , beam at she . as snow White sit up , they direct she to the wood where a dazzling light shine through a tree . as she walk animal fall in alongside she . a little way away , Gus snore in he sleep . the golden light cross he face and he wake up . as he open he eye , he stare in wonder , then quickly wake the other dwarve . they all stare in amazement now , even the blind muir . Eric be the last to wake up , wonder what the fuss be all about . they rise and follow to -- at the tree she stand beneath the giant tree , face a majestic white hart . the air around the mystical creature shimmer with a golden light . beith no one 's ever see it before . the excited muir grab he son quert by the arm . quert the white hart bow before the princess , father . sure enough , the hart lower its head before snow White . muir 's face be light up in the golden light , he blind eye shine . muir it 's bless she . eric what be you talk about ? muir you have eye , huntsman , but do not see . you who have be with she the longest . Eric do not understand . ( continued ) 69 continued : muir she be life itself . she will heal the land . she be the one . gort so you be say she be destine ?... muir can only shake he head . muir no one listen to I . ( beat ) can not you feel it ? be you ailment not go ? gold or no gold , where she lead I follow . gus aye ! the other dwarve trade look . nion , the last , shrug . as snow White stroke the hart 's neck , the golden light brighten , engulf she . -- suddenly a arrow fly through the AIR -- and pierce the white harth flank . the hart roar in pain and bolt . the fairy and animal scatter in all direction now , they sanctuary violate . Eric look up to see aldan the yakut emerge through the tree on horseback , notching another arrow to he bow . a fierce wind rip through the sanctuary now , shadow spread where there be once light . Eric see finn appear on horseback , look like a demon god in the gather darkness . the huntsman grab he axe . so do the dwarve , pull on they battle mask . william emerge through the tree to see aldan aim he bow at snow White . he ride into the yakut 's horse , knock he off balance just as he fire -- the arrow narrowly miss snow White , thudding into a tree . Gus grab she by the hand . gus come on ! he run with she into the forest . aldan turn on William furiously , draw he curve sword , but before he can swing the dwarve attack both man -- Eric only have eye for Finn . they stare at each other in the roaring wind , then Finn gallop into the forest after - snow White Eric run in the same direction -- ( continued ) 70 continued : ( 2 ) William fend off the furious dwarf attack then ride off in pursuit of snow white -- aldan see he but be too busy defend himself against coll and duir to give chase -- 132 ext . enchanted forest - day . 132 all around the forest the shadow of death be spread . Gus run , drag snow White behind he . galloping through the tree , william spot they up ahead , riding faster . 133 ext . another part of the enchanted forest - day . 133 bow and arrow at the ready , Eric run after Finn . all around he the forest be darken . he follow the sound of gallop hoof when suddenly they stop . he stop too , notching a arrow to he bow , peer into the gloom and listen . there 's a tense silence , then suddenly he hear a noise . he spin around , ready to fire , when he see it 's only Finn 's riderless horse gallop past -- he realize too late that it 's a trick -- finn explode out of the darkness , catch he a glance blow with he sword -- 134 ext . stone ruins / grove / enchanted forest - day . 134 coll and duir leap up at aldan , try to drag he off he horse , but he 's a ferocious fighter , drive they both back -- 135 ext . enchanted forest - day . 135 William spot snow White up ahead . she disappear into the tree and he ride faster . she erupt from behind a branch and pull he off he horse . Gus race over and raise he axe -- snow white Gus , no ! Gus 's axe stop inch from William 's eye . snow White recognize the young warrior , stare at he in surprise . snow white I see you at the village . William look up at she , out of breath : william it 's I . William . snow White stare in disbelief , tear of surprise welling in she eye . Gus look even more confuse , lowering he axe . William slowly rise to he foot , gaze back at snow White , when they hear a TWIG SNAP -- Gus hear it too , spin around -- ( continued ) 71 135 continued : 135 -- to see aldan with a arrow notched to he bow -- gus princess ! Gus launch himself -- and take the arrow mean for snow White . before aldan can load another arrow -- William fire a arrow of he own , strike he in the chest . the yakut topple over , dead at last but still astride he horse . snow White fall to she knee in anguish , cradling the die Gus . he smile weakly , hold she gaze , then whisper : gus I sha not leave you , miss . 136 ext . another part of the enchanted forest - day . 136 Eric charge into Finn with a cry of rage . Finn deflect the blow and hurl he back into the tree . drive by fury , Eric charge again , but Finn use he anger against he , ducking under the vicious blow and landing a brutal one of he own -- Eric crash into another tree . his eye be still full of hatred but he body be weak . Finn smile in contempt from a few yard away . finn I capture many girl , but you wife be special . eric what ?! finn she fight and then she begge . for she life . please ?!!! you should know she call for you . you Sara . eric how do you know she name ?! Eric be shocked , desperate . finn she tell I . just before I slit she throat . - eric bastard ... .- Eric notice a fall tree trunk behind Finn -- dead branch sticking up like spike . Finn step toward he ... finn now you can look for she in the other world and beg for she forgiveness . ( continued ) 71a 136 continued : 136 Finn smile and raise he sword for the death blow -- when eric lunge . he throw himself at Finn , he momentum carry they both into the dead tree's spike branch -- the branch pierce Finn 's body , they tip digging into Eric 's flesh . Finn howl in agony -- 137 omitted 137 72 138 ext . enchanted forest - day . 138 Finn writhes , fight to pull himself free of the branch but Eric hold he down , even as the spike dig into he , force Finn 's wound to stay open - unable to heal . finn sister -- heal I !! -- 139 omitted 139 140 enchanted forest - day . 140 -- the shadowy ENERGY swirl around Finn 's wound -- but as the branch keep the wound open , they cannot heal -- 141 int . throne room - day . 141 ravenna sit at she desk - she be small and alone in the vastness of the hall . she stare off into space , a quill in she hand - parchment laid out before she . then suddenly she body convulse - the bottle of black ink spill - dark tendril of liquid seep across the papers and onto the floor . ravenna Finn ...no ! she fall to the floor - writhe . she fight hard at first - but then begin to weaken - she power fade as she age . then she stop . ravenna forgive I , brother . 142 enchanted forest - day . 142 Finn gasp as he feel ravenna cut he off . react in horror and heartbreak as he wound stop try to heal . finn sister ... Finn twitches for a moment , look to Eric . finn I feel ... then the light go out of he eye . he be finally dead . slowly , Eric pull himself free of the branch cut into he flesh . 72a 143 int . throne room - day 143 she have break they connection . we pull away from she . ravenna 's head be down , deplete , forlorn . completely still . ink pool around she bony hand . but when she raise she head -- we see conviction , hatred and determination . ( continued ) 73 143 continued : 143 ravenna you will pay . you will pay !!! 144 ext . enchanted forest - day . 144 still bleed from he wound , Eric hurry back through the forest until he see snow White and the seven dwarve gather around Gus 's body , chant a low prayer . Eric stare in surprise , then notice William . eric who be this ? beith be about to reply when William answer for himself . william my name be William . I be Duke hammond 's son . ( beat ) you look familiar . Eric dodge a bit with -- eric what be the Duke 's son do riding with the Queen 's man ? william I be look for the princess . eric why ? william to protect she . eric the princess be well protect as you can see . william and who be you ? eric the man who get she this far you lordship . william I be grateful for you help but I will take she from here . eric you will have to wait for you voice to break before you give I order - William draw he sword in indignation and Eric draw he axe . ( continued ) 74 144 continued : 144 eric anyone can draw steel , boy . it take a man to use it . William be about to react when snow White turn ... snow white leave he , huntsman . he 's we friend . he glare but he eye glisten with tear . snow White be still bow over Gus 's body , sobbing , mourn . the prayer chant end . nion spit with anger and walk away . nion we need to convene . they all follow he a few step away , where they have privacy . beith what be it , nion ? nion this be what happen when dwarve mix with man . we always come out worse . we have big heart and we will fight for any cause -- but for what ? for some new Queen to call we runt and turn we out of we home again ? gort I have nothing against the girl , but I be not willing to risk my life for she either , like poor Gus . beith consider quietly , the other dwarve listen too . duir ( whisper to coll ) do this mean we be not fight the Queen ? coll ( whisper back ) not sure yet . quert what about the gold he promise we ? nion what use be gold if you be dangle by you bony neck , you jackdaw ?! beith aye , the Queen will flay we alive for help she ! ( continued ) 75 144 continued : ( 2 ) 144 muir the White hart bless the girl . nion shake he head and roll he eye , but beith listen . muir even we own legend speak of the redeemer who will heal the land . gort that little mutton ? muir all the lion and wolf in the kingdom have try to defeat the Queen and fail . why not a mutton ? the dwarve stare at he incredulously . nion Gus lose he life because of she ! muir no . he give he life for she . as will I if necessary . look at we . look at what we have become . they trade look . they know where he 's go with this . muir we be once proud , now we pilfer and drink and dream of when we do not . I be willing to die for a chance at become the man I once be . and that be the last word . quert put he arm around he father and kiss he forehead . beith and gort trade a nod and a smile . 145 ext . stone ruins / grove / enchanted forest - day . 145 quert sing a celtic melody of loss as Gus be laid out on a funeral pyre . all around he , the bright color of the enchanted forest have fade and there be no animal and fairy to be see . it 's as if ravenna 's shadow have pass here too . the tough , battle harden dwarve shed tear like child . snow White look heartbroken as beith light the pyre . as the flame rise , a haunting lament carry we into the next scene --- 146 omitted 146 76 147 ext . hill - day . 147 quert 's song continue as the group make they way across the barren hill and into the mountain -- 148 ext . highland hill - day . 148 William walk alongside snow White , glance at she tentatively . he wait until the other be out of earshot . william I be sorry I leave you . she look over and see the remorse in he eye . snow white you do not . william if I would know you be alive I would have come sooner . snow white we be child , William . you be here now . they reach some steep rock and Eric turn around , offer snow White he hand . she take it and he help she up the slope . William look on , feel jealous . beith follow duir and coll up to the summit of the hill , then look at the surround peak . beith we will rest the night at the top of this hill . 148a int . mirror chamber - royal palace - day . 148a from above - ravenna stand in the center of the room , surround by raven . she raise she arm and they take flight , circle above she . she lower she arm and they swirl pattern lower , until she be completely surround by they - a tornado of raven . she have become they , and they she . 149 ext . camp site / mountain - night . 149 a FIRE crackle . the dwarve have set up camp . coll and duir sit on a rocky outcrop , coll braid duir 's hair while duir sharpen he axe . coll that 's not how you sharpen a axe . you sharpen downward . not upward .. ( continued ) 76 a 149 continued : 149 duir my father teach I how to sharpen a axe . ( continued ) 77 149 continued : ( 2 ) 149 coll well he teach you wrong . he raise the axe , only half in jest . duir you want to test it ? William watch snow White warming herself by the fire , then head over to Eric , who be also keep watch . william it 's not my place to give you order . I misjudge you . Eric look up . he shake William 's hand . eric and I you . William look over to where snow White be . william we share a childhood together , before she be take away . she have not change . she have that same light inside she . surely you can see it .. Eric look at she . eric you would be blind not to . william if we can just get she to the castle , the people .. the people will see it . she 's we only hope , huntsman . eric we will get she to the castle . do not worry about that .. william I have think about she constantly . every time I close my eye . I can hardly believe I have find she . eric - you should tell she . she would appreciate it . william I be afraid to . eric not tell someone how you feel and live with the regret be a lot worse . ( continued ) 78 149 continued : ( 3 ) 149 150 omitted 150 150a ext . mountain - dawn . 150 a snow White sit on a rock , away from the camp , reflect quietly . she stare out at the surround mountain and valley when she suddenly sense a presence behind she . she turn in alarm -- but it 's only William . William smile back gently and whisper ... william walk with I . they walk into the silver birch . snow white up here it 's as if nothing 's change . the world look beautiful again . william it will be . when you be Queen . snow White turn , surprised by he word . william the people of this kingdom hate ravenna with they very fiber . snow white it 's strange , but ... I feel only sorrow for she . William be take aback by this but push on . william once people find out you be alive they will rise up in you name . snow White stare back at he uncertainly . snow white it take more than a name . I a not my father , William . william you be he daughter . and rightful heir . ( continued ) 78a 150a continued : 150a he step closer , gaze into she eye devotedly . william if I have a choice , I would take you far from here . and keep you safe by my side . but I have a duty . and so do you . they hold each other 's gaze , snow White still ride with doubt . ( continued ) 79 150a continued : ( 2 ) 150a snow white how do I inspire ? how do I lead man ? william the same way you lead I when we be child . I follow you everywhere . ran when you call . I would have do anything for you . she look touch by he word , smile softly , try to make light of they . snow white that 's not how I remember it . william no ? snow white no ... they gaze into each other 's eye , close enough to kiss . snow white I remember we be always argue . and fight . and ... she trail off , lose in he gaze . he stop , lean closer and kiss she gently . they stay like that a moment , then William pull away , hold something in he hand . snow White smile as she see that it 's a apple . with a mischievous smile , William hold out the apple for snow White , just like he do when they be child . snow white I remember this trick . william ( with mock innocence ) what trick ? snow White hold he gaze , then snatch the apple from he before he can take a bite , raise it to she lip with a smile . as she bite -- 150 b omitted 150b 150c omitted 150c 150d ext . camp site / mountain - dawn . 150d . Eric , startle , - awaken . 80 150e ext . mountain - dawn . 150e as snow White chew , a flicker of a smile cross William 's face . snow White stare curiously , then suddenly gasp , struggle to breathe -- 150 for ext . camp site / mountain - dawn . 150 for Eric stand up , look around , dwarve still asleep . he shake William , who wake at the ready . they walk into the tree and follow -- a single set of track . 150g ext . mountain - dawn . 150g snow White stagger back and collapse in the snow , choke from poison . her eye water and she vision blur . the false William kneel beside she and slowly she see ravenna 's feature burn through , she cold blue eye gleam in triumph -- a scream fill the air -- not snow White but dozen of bird shriek in the sky above -- 151-157 omitted 151-157 158 ext . mountain - day . 158 Eric and William hear the panicked bird cry and run -- 158a ext . silver birch tree / mountain - day . 158a snow White 's limb be petrify , frost spread across she cheek -- but she eye be open , take in everything . ravenna lean over she , smile . ravenna you see , child , love always betray we . a sigh escape snow White 's lip , condense into steam . ravenna by fairest blood it be do and only by fairest blood can it be undone . you - be the only one who could break the-spell and end my life , and the only one pure enough to save I . she draw away , unwrap she sacramental dagger . ravenna you do not realize how lucky you be , never to know what it be to grow old . ( continued ) 81 158a continued : 158a she raise the knife , about to cut out snow White 's heart - when suddenly her body shatter into a flock of shrieking raven -- and now we see the huntsman stand there , axe in hand , the raven flapping around he -- William blast with a sword at the screeching bird -- Eric go after she now , swinging he twin hatchet . the raven scream and pluck at he eye but he hack at they fiercely , William join in , until the shriek bird finally take to the sky and vanish on the horizon . Eric and William rush to snow White 's side now . the dwarve arrive too , hurry through the snow . William cradle snow White in he arm , try to revive she , but it 's no use . Eric stare in dismay as he see the poison drain the color from she lip . he kneel down and gaze at she . William turn to the dwarve . william what be you look at ? help she ! the dwarve stare back at he gravely but do not respond . he 's desperate now , irrational -- william you be dwarve , healer , save she ! he grab the blind seer , muir , shaking he . william do something ! muir stare back at he with he empty eye , tear glisten in they . William collapse in prayer , the light in snow White 's eye almost go . Eric look over , see William 's grief be as great as he own , and finally stop fight . snow White look up at William as if she want to say something , then the light in she eye go out . the dwarve be heartbroken . Eric look daze . William lean down and kiss snow White gently on the lip . he pull away , . hope against hope . and then -- nothing happen . she lie there , lifeless and white as the fall snow . on all the face - realize that she be truly go . ( continued ) 81a 158a continued : ( 2 ) 158a gort what do we do ? ( continued ) 82 158a continued : ( 3 ) 158a beith what we promise . 159 omitted 159 160 ext . royal castle - day 160 a flock of raven whip across the sky , swoop into -- 161 int . mirror room - day . 161 the raven burst into the mirror room and " crash " to the ground . they swirl become -- ravenna , on all four , look worse for wear , surround by dead raven . the effort deplete she . she growls as she crawl toward the mirror . ravenna what must I do ?! where be she ?! where have they take she ?! answer I ! the mirror just reflect ravenna's weary and aging face . ravenna answer I !!!! nothing . ravenna release it all , look up and quietly plead ... ravenna help I ... mirror man ( mock her ) " help I ? " ... ( beat ) there be nothing more pathetic than grovel desperation . you sicken I , my Queen . the mirror start to ripple , distorting ravenna 's face into something even more awful . 161a ext . plain near castle - day . 161a a wide shot as the group carry snow White toward the castle . 162 ext . duke hammond' stronghold - day . 162 snow White 's body be wrap in a shroud , laid out on a funeral board . William lead it with tear in he eye . Eric and the dwarve walk alongside the body , all lose in grief . 82a 162a int . duke hammond' castle - day . 162a crowd move in to see and mourn the processional . Eric be careful to lower he eye a bit to keep from be recognize . 162 b int . funeral chamber / duke hammond' castle - day . 162b torchlight flicker . snow White 's body be laid out on a funeral bier , she face angelic in death . 63 163 int . general' tent - courtyard - night . 163 tent flap open . William stand before Duke hammond and he council of lord , argue he case with fierce passion -- william she die for we ! for we cause ! we cannot hide behind this wall and watch this land die with she ! duke hammond you grief cloud you judgement , my son . william my grief make I see clearly , father . 163a int . funeral chamber / duke hammond' castle - night . 163a Eric step from the shadow up to snow White 's body , flask in hand . drunk . eric here you be . where it end . dress up to pretty . he take another pull from the flask . eric like you be asleep ; about to wake - up and give I more grief . be I right ? the he touch she arm . feel the fabric of she funeral dress . look at she face and break a bit - lose the drunken swagger and speak with she as if she be still alive . eric you deserve better . and then he answer she ... eric she be my wife , princess . that be you question that go unanswer . Sara be she name . when I come back from the war I carry with I the stench of death and the anger of the lose . I be not worth save . but she do so anyway . I love she more than anything or anyone . and then I let she out of my sight and she be go and I become myself again . a self I never care for . until you . you remind I of she . her spirit . her heart . and now you , too , be go . you both deserve better . and I be sorry to have fail you as well . ( continued ) 83a 163a continued : 163a snow White lie pale and motionless on the bier . Eric reach down and gently brushes a strand of hair off she face . eric you will be a Queen in heaven now ... he lean down and kiss she lip . eric and sit among the angel . he finally turn and leave the chamber , toss the flask aside , disgust with himself . as we listen to he footstep fade we hold on snow White 's beautiful face . for a long time she stay perfectly still , then -- her lip part ever so slightly , and she let out a almost inaudible whisper of breath . ( continued ) 84 163a continued : ( 2 ) 163a snow White 's eye open , gaze up at the ceiling , she thought far away . there 's a strange calm about she now , a quiet acceptance , as if she know what she must do . 164-168 omitted 164-168 169 omitted 169 169a omitted 169a 169b ext . near the castle gate - day ( move from 171 ) 169b Eric , carry all he gear , eye down , stride toward the gate and a clean getaway . eric open the gate . percy ( o.s. ) huntsman ! Eric stop . he 's be recognize . percy catch up to he . they share a look and Eric sigh . percy yes , I recognize you . Eric sigh . perry we have no quarrel with you . not anymore . you return the princess to we . and for that ... he hand over a heavy sack of gold . Eric take it , weigh it in he hand . God do he need it , but ... eric keep you money . ( continued ) 85 169b continued : 169b he hand it back and turn for the now open gate . he exit the castle and as the door begin to close -- shout of joy . Eric spin , wander back to see what the commotion be all about . 170 omitted 170 170a omitted 170a 171 int . general' tent - night . 171 the council session continue . Duke hammond stare at William gravely . duke hammond my duty be to protect the people who come to I for help . I will defend they with my last drop of blood but I will not abandon this wall . I can not afford to believe in miracle . he suddenly stop as the shout outside the tent get louder . he go to the flap , open it to see -- snow White , still dress in she white funeral robe , stand at the top of the stair that lead down into the courtyard . 171a ext . courtyard - duke hammond' castle 171a everyone come out of they tent and stand beneath snow White . her heart pound , she make she way down the stair . all be rivete by the sight of she , as if they be look on a angel or a live miracle . Eric make he way back into the courtyard and he , too , be stunne as he slide in next to the dwarve in the crowd . beith it 's a miracle ! Duke hammond , embarrassed and still stunne by the sight of she , walk up the stair to greet she . several Generals follow he but stay a few step below they . hammond take she by the hand as they speak . duke hammond you highness ... ( he can not believe he eye ) we think you ... snow white no , my lord . William , below , stare at she in joy while he father still look daze . ( continued ) 86 171a continued : 171a duke hammond you must rest - snow white I have rest long enough . her voice be gentle but full of quiet conviction . snow white I be ready to ride by you side , my lord , when you face the Queen in battle . the Duke look speechless for a moment . duke hammond there will be no battle , you highness . the best thing you can do for you people be stay safe behind this wall . snow white that be all I think to do when I escape . but I have come to learn there be no peace while other suffer . have you not learn that ? duke hammond the Queen can not be defeat . she cannot be kill . and therefore there can be no victory . snow White hesitates , she heart pound , then reply : snow white I can vanquish she . defeat she . I be the only one . she tell I so herself . Duke hammond start to object , but snow White 's eye and , now she foot , lead she down the stair to she people . when she reach the last step - now at they level - she speak ... snow white I have be tell that I represent you , that it be my place to inspire you . that be wronct . I be not a Queen , not a leader , not a warrior . absolute silence in the courtyard as people , lord , knight hang on she every word . snow white you represent I , who I have become - you hope , : you courage , you will - inspire I . ( beat ) I have also be tell my place be not to fight but to stay here , safely behind this wall . I will not . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 a 171a continued : ( 2 ) 171a snow white ( cont would ) I hold life sacred , even more since I have taste freedom , but I have lose my fear of death . ( continued ) 87 171a continued : ( 3 ) 171a head nod , people murmur approval . she have they in the palm of she hand . snow white if ravenna come for I , I will ride to meet she . and if she do not , I will ride to meet she . ( look back at Generals ) alone if I must . ( back to people ) but if you would join I , I will gladly give my life for you . for this land and its people have lose too much . Eric and the dwarve could not look prouder . Duke hammond stare at she for a moment , then bow . a beat , then William follow , then all the lord and Knights . his eye fix on snow White , Eric bow too . then beith . then muir and he son , quert . then coll and duir . and finally even gort and nion . snow White stand alone , overwhelm by the faith of the kneel warrior , and the responsibility on she shoulder . 171 b int . mirror chamber - royal palace - night . 171b ravenna raise she head to look into the mirror . mirror man yes , my Queen ! yes !!!! the Mirror man laugh because ravenna 's face be young , she energy have return and we see why when -- we pull back to reveal several crone , young only minute before , now old and lie on the floor . ravenna smile , gird herself for the fight to come . 172 omitted 172 173 omitted 173 174 omitted 174 175 omitted 175 176 omitted 176 177 omitted 177 87a 177a omitted 177a 177 b ext . castle - night . 177b the army be amass and ready to leave the gate . snow White , in full armor , sit astride a white horse , she coat of chain mail glitter in the torchlight . she look like a angel , bear she father standard . Eric ride up next to she . she be happy to see he . eric back from the dead and instigate the mass . snow white so the huntsman fight for something other than himself . eric only if you have need of a brutish soldier . she smile , move . he turn he horse to full back , but before he leave ... eric you look fetching in mail . a bugle sound and -- 88 177 c ext . castle - night . 177c the Duke 's army pour out of the great gate , they torch blaze in the night . from above , it look like a river of lava coursing through the valley . Duke hammond roar at the top of he . voice , urging he rider on , and now we see they vengeful fire spread across the plain . 178 ext . queen' balcony - royal palace - night . 178 ravenna and the general on the balcony . all around , soldier and Guards scurry to look busy lest they draw she wrath ( though some can not help but notice she aging appearance . ravenna sweep away a map hold out to she . ravenna I do not need a map to see you have fail I , fool , you face be map enough ! black knight general yes , my Queen . ravenna where be they now ? black knight general a half day 's march away . every hour they number grow . rebel , peasant and deserter rally to they wherever they - ravenna deserter ? black knight general yes , my Queen . ( continued ) 89 178 continued : 176 black knight general ( cont would ) they say the King 's standard fly again . and now ravenna understand -- snow White . ravenna let they come . let they break they heart and skull on this castle wall and bring my prize to I . you must not harm she . I need she heart -- still warm with blood . as she stride away . to soldier -- ravenna Victory come ! 178a ext . plain - wide - dawn . 178a hammond 's army thunder toward the castle . and then they arrive at -- 179 ext . sand dune overlooking ravenna's castle - dawn . 179 horse crest the hill . and now , all around snow White , we see she army -- not just Duke hammond 's man -- but rebel -- peasant -- women -- all willing to follow she . Eric and William ride nearby . one of the Duke 's commander arrive to brief he . duke's commander my lord , we only have a few hour before the tide come in . not long enough to breach the castle wall . we will either be completely expose or drown by the ocean . duke hammond be there any other way in ? tunnel ? cave ? duke's commander no , my lord . gloom descend on the gather . snow white if we be at the portcullis when the sun clear the horizon it will be open . they all look at she . ( continued ) 90 179 continued : 179 duke hammond but how ? 180 ext . sea / sewage tunnel / ravenna's castle - dawn . 180 a unmistakable brown sludge pour out of a sewage tunnel into the sea . it be the same sewer where snow White escape . we hear the sound of splash oar and grumble : from inside the sewage tunnel we look out at the face of the dwarve , peer inside . nion we be promise gold and volunteer for manure . how low have the dwarf race sink ? beith hi- Ho boy . off to work . and they begin to crawl inside . 181 ext . balcony - ravenna's castle - dawn . 181 ravenna stare out . on the distant cliff she see the banner of the rebel army . a ray of sunlight pour through the cloud , lighting up the tiny figure of snow White . ravenna come to I . 182 ext . castle sewer - dawn . 182 coll and duir wade through the sewage , they axe hold up in front of they , not a flicker of emotion on they face . duir Seven dwarve against a army . coll I like they odd . behind they , beith cover he nose from the stench , gort and nion look like they be about to be sick , and muir and he son bring up the rear , the brown slime almost at quert 's mouth . quert Times like this I wish I be taller . 183 ext . sand dune overlooking ravenna's castle - dawn . 183 crash wave break against the rock , wash over the sand . Duke hammond stare at the rising tide in concern . duke hammond we do not have much time . ( continued ) 91 183 continued : 183 snow white then we should ride now . they will have the portcullis up by the time we arrive . Duke hammond consider , then raise he sword . snow white glance at the huntsman . he break rank and ride closer to she . there 's a tense silence , then the Duke bring down he sword and he rider charge down the dune . 184 ext . balcony - ravenna's castle - dawn . 184 ravenna stare out confidently , she eye still fix on snow White 's distant banner . 185 ext . castle courtyard - dawn . 185 the trap door in the courtyard rise and we see beith 's head pop up , he expert eye scan the courtyard until they spot the portcullis . ravenna 's guard hurry past without see he , take they position on the battlement . beith slip back down into the sewer . beith the gatehouse be fifty yard away to leave . half a dozen guard and fifty armed soldier . archer on either side . duir ( pull out a huge knife ) give we a couple of minute . coll four top . 186 ext . beach - dawn . 186 snow White ride across the dune . all around she , rider gallop along the surf , wave crash around they . ravenna 's castle come into the view , the portcullis still down . 187 ext . courtyard / castle - dawn . 187 coll and duir move stealthily through the busy courtyard , so small and fleet they be almost invisible . 188 ext . balcony / ravenna's castle - dawn . 188 ravenna look on as she archer take they position and she artillery man load missile onto they trebuchet . 189 ext . beach - dawn . 189 snow White suddenly see tiny dot of firelight on the castle wall . Eric realize what they be and ride faster . the pinpoint of light soar up in the air , grow larger and brighter , until we realize they be fiery missile . Eric force snow White 's horse out of the way as a fireball explode yard from she . ( continued ) 92 189 continued : 189 Fire rain down on the Duke 's army now , panic spread in the rank . snow White take she father 's banner and hold it aloft , rallying the man and riding on . 190 ext . gatehouse - dawn . 190 two unsuspecting guard collapse outside the gatehouse . before the other guard can react , coll and duir be on they , move fast and hard , the assault over in second . 191 ext . sewer manhole / courtyard - dawn . 191 beith see coll and duir signal from outside the gatehouse . beith come on ! 192 ext . beach - dawn . 192 wave crash over the rock . fireballs explode in the sand . snow White see man fall all around she , tear welling in she eye , but she never falter . as William ride on , he see the castle wall through the smoke , the portcullis still down . 193 int . gatehouse -- dawn . 193 the guard in the gatehouse look over as the door splinter and the dwarve come crash through in they battle mask . even though they be outnumber , the seven fight like demon -- until the enemy be subdued . 194 ext . beach -- dawn . 194 on the castle wall , archer replace the trebuchet . snow White hold up she shield to protect herself from the sea of arrow . up ahead , the portcullis be still down , Duke hammond 's force circle back as they be trap against the wall . william you must turn back ! snow white I give my word I would stand with they ! 195 int . gatehouse -- dawn . 195 a huge pulley control the portcullis . beith , gort and nion draw they pickax while coll and duir tie up the guard . beith now let 's see how this work ! -- with a mighty blow of he axe , beith shatter the chain hold up the pulley . the counter weight go fly down and the portcullis come shoot up -- then suddenly stop -- jammed . 93 196 ext . beach -- dawn . 196 the Duke 's army be still circle the gate , stone and hot oil pour down on they from above . arrow slam into snow White 's shield but she still refuse to retreat . 197 int . gatehouse -- dawn . 197 beith peer down at the jamme counter - weight in frustration when he hear a fierce cry . gort jump on the counter - weight , try to bring it down . nion follow , yellingatthetopofhis voice . duir puff up he proud chest and leapsontoo -- 198 ext . beach -- dawn . 198 snow White see the portcullis shoot up now , the dwarve hang onto the counterweight for dear life . smiling in relief , she gallop through the open gate with Eric and William . 199 ext . castle courtyard -- dawn . 199 the Duke 's rider charge into the courtyard . archer fire at they from every corner of the castle , but they raise they shield and leap off they horse , form a defensive wedge . 200 ext . balcony / ravenna's castle - day . 200 from she balcony above the portcullis , ravenna watch she own man be slaughter ; she enjoy the spectacle ( ravenna do not care one bit about that man ) . her eye be lock on snow White . ravenna let she come to I ... alive ! ravenna 's soldier be merely there to hold snow White 's army back . she have plan the whole thing , calculate every move . 201 ext . castle courtyard - same - day . 201 tortoise formation _ snow white fight _ snow white look up to ravenna . snow white goe through FIRE to the side door . - 202 ext . balcony / ravenna's castle - day . 202 like a spider wait in she web , with no concern about she soldier ' situation , ravenna remain calm and calculate . ravenna turn around and leave the balcony to the throne room . 203 ext . castle courtyard - same - day . 203 snow white rush into the castle . as soon as she pass the door a dozen of ravenna 's man come outside close the trap . ( continued ) 93a 203 continued : 203 now Eric , William and they man have to fight the road block . in the courtyard , ravenna 's man be lose more and more ground . snow White 's army will win . ( continued ) 94 203 continued : ( 2 ) 203 Eric and William fight like demon , twice as fast , twice as strong . they must pass . 204 omitted 204 205 omitted 205 206 omitted 206 206a omitted 206a 206 b omitted 206 b 207 int . throne room - day . 207 snow White storm into the throne room . she be breathe heavily , a mix of fear and determination . knock ... knock ... knock the raven claw ring , tap , resonate through the hall . ravenna stand at the top of the stair , the mirror room behind she . snow White approach . snow white it end today ... I have come for you ! ravenna ( mockingly ) my rise have return ( look at Gus ' small sword ) .with a thorn ! 207a omitted 207a ( continued ) 95 207a continued : 207a 208 omitted 208 209 omitted 209 209 a int . throne room - day . 209a Eric , William and a dozen man rush in . ravenna smile , raise she hand . ravenna I will show you thorns ! in a terrifying tremor , the black ceiling of the throne room start to shatter into million of shard . snow White turn back to see William , Eric and hammond 's man - the shard fall down like razor blade . the man try to protect themselves . some be catch out and skewer to the stone floor . ravenna look down at they in complete satisfaction . the million of black shard circle around Eric and he man , completely block they and keep they away from snow White . ravenna come ! ... avenge you father , who be too weak to raise he sword . the million of shard assemble themselves into three seven foot tall , razor sharp creature . the dark faeries : ravenna 's ultimate soldier . snow White look at Eric and William - unable to help she . ( continued ) 96 209a continued : 209a Eric , William and the other man be completely surround by this creature ; they move so fast . Eric try to step away from they ... to no avail . one of the creature rise in front of William . William try to slash the creature . his sword go through and the creature reform itself right away . the Dark faerie open it 's mouth and screech . William get smashed aside , save only by he shield . the Dark faerie grab the soldier right behind William and send he crash into the wall . snow White walk up the stair , tear and powerless . she look at Eric one last time . Eric look back as he fight off a Dark faerie with he two shield . he know he do not have much time leave but he be ready to make the final sacrifice . eric ( battle cry ! ) kill she ! 209 b int . mirror chamber - day . 209 b snow White brace herself and promptly follow ravenna into the mirror room . now snow White be exactly where ravenna want she to be . the two woman circle each other like heavyweight boxer . snow white ten year you lock I away ! ravenna seem to relish this . ravenna and every day , every hour lead you to this , moment . it burn inside you . it drive you forward , and here you be .. listen only to she heart , snow White lunge towards ravenna and try - strike at she with she sword . ravenna step aside and with very little effort - throw she to the other side of the room . ravenna that 's it . fight . fight for you land ... for you loss and for hope ! ( continued ) 96 a 209 b continued : 209b snow White slam and slide across the floor , she stop under the archway at the top of the stair . she be daze . ravenna tread on she back , then grab she hair , pull she head up to see William and he man be massacre . ravenna watch they die . you give they hope and they believe you . you have lead they to they death . how foolish you follower . 97 209 c int . throne room - same - day 209 c Eric be try to stay alive . he ram a faerie into a pillar . shredd the stone , the faerie explode in shard and reform immediately behind Eric . grabbing the first man in sight , the faerie throw the poor soldier to the other side of the room . on the opposite side another faerie slide faster than the blink of a eye , grab the man in flight extend it 's cut limb and claw the soldier to he death . it be like carnage in slow motion . 209d omitted 209d 209e move to 209b 209e 210 int . throne room - same - day . 210 William be be overrun by a school of shard . the shard shape up into a faerie take William up high . in a violent arm blow , the faerie project William onto the banquet table six foot lower . the table shatter in splinter , William bounce like a rag doll . spin around on it 's way down , the faerie skewer a soldier and impale another one into a pillar . the faerie drag he ten foot up , tear and digging deep into the stone column . 211 int . mirror chamber - day . 211 enrage , snow White jolt she body and frees herself from ravenna 's grasp . she swing she sword at ravenna . she parry every attack with she bare hand . snow White be breathless . one more strike ... but ravenna block it again , and this time she do not let go . ( continued ) 97a 211 continued : 211 ravenna ( face to face with snow White ) you be never ready for this princess ! snow White struggle to get out of she lock . ravenna be too strong . snow White 's wrist be twisted . she hold she sword tight but can not use it . ravenna force the twist . her fragile bone crack . snow White scream in pain . the sword drop on the ground . snow white ( grunting ) I will ... defeat ... you ... I be the only ... ravenna oh ... please ! ravenna back hand snow White , send she crash to the wall . slam ! cut on she face . ravenna loom closer , through the fire in the middle of the room . she stand in the fire , unaffected . for snow White it be a vision of pure hell . so much power , so much hate . ravenna I have live many life . ravaged entire kingdom , I have be give power you can not fathom . you can not defeat I ? . you be but a child ! ( laughing ) ravenna 's skin blister and heal . ravenna raise she arm and black shard start to cover the wall behind she ... entombing they in darkness ... the trap close . ravenna but you be right ... it be over . ravenna 's laughter pierce snow White like a dagger . she feel powerless and lose , spitting blood and exhaust . what else can she do ? snow White stand up , stumble , she right arm limp , blood drip down she face . she stare at ravenna , she will not back down ... she will never back down . 97b 212 int . throne room - same - day . 212 William , stumbling upon the dead body of he comrade , see the shard start to obstruct the entry of the mirror room . he run towards it . Eric see he and go for it too . behind William and in front of Eric , a Dark creature shape up . William do not see it . the faerie claw William from behind through he armor , stop he still and send he backwards against a pillar like a stone ricochet . the faerie spin it 's head 180 degree and go from turn its back to Eric ... to face the huntsman . Eric stop and try to pull back . the faerie power up gather shard from another creature , double in size and density . like a fire hose of black shard , the Dark faerie unload a stream of razor blade at Eric . Eric dig he heel in ... slowly grind and slide on the floor , double shield up . the shield be be shred . one shield give way completely tear slice Eric 's arm . Eric have one shield leave . he kneel down ... it be a matter of second . 213 int . mirror chamber - day . 213 ravenna approach and grab snow White by the throat , squeezing hard . snow White be chock . ravenna I will never stop ... I will give this wretch world the Queen it deserve ... ravenna slam snow White down onto the stone floor next to the mirror altar . snow White stretch for she sword as ravenna approach . ravenna un - sheath she dagger . ravenna ( to herself ) a life .for a life . ( continued ) 97c 213 continued : 213 snow White try to reach she sword with she leave hand , but it be too far . she try to drag herself a little closer ... still too far . ravenna straddle snow White , raise she dagger above she head - smile , relishing the imminent death blow . the black tomb have close in around they . Eric watch - despair wringht on he face -- as the knife fall . ravenna ( in a spell incantation ) by fairest blood it be do ! ravenna strike ... in the blink of a eye snow White block she strike , reach for she dagger and plunge it into ravenna 's chest , just as the huntsman teach she . ravenna gasp , lock eye with snow White . snow white ( whisper to ravenna ) by fairest blood ... it be undone ! ravenna look down . Three drop of blood fall onto snow White 's armor . boom ... boom ... boom ravenna stare in shock and disbelief . ravenna no ! she pull out the dagger , she face start to age . ravenna be aging at a incredible pace . her body give way and she slump to the floor , below the mirror . she look at the mirror above she , gasp , reach out , she pale eye look for a friend , a miracle ... but nothing . the black shard that entombed the room start to shatter and fall to the floor . 214 int . throne room - same - day . 214 William be on the ground , out of strength and have give up the fight . a dark creature be slowly close to reach William 's face with he sharp claw as William try to hold the creature 's arm with he bare hand , severely bleed . ( continued ) 97ca 214 continued : 214 the faery have slowed down dramatically . Eric grab a sword on the ground and slice the faerie in front of he ... the faerie shatter . William look at Eric , in desperation begging for help . the two man lock eye . a silent understanding . ( continued ) 97d 214 continued : ( 2 ) 214 Eric throw he sword and blow the other Dark faerie in piece , release William . a silent pact have be make at this moment between the two man . the remain Dark creature freeze . Eric and William be barely alive . 98 215 int . mirror chamber - day . 215 snow White approach ravenna and kneel beside she , ravenna be weak . she age dozen of year within second , she face show no anger , no hate , just a strange understanding . snow white why this ? why all of this ? snow White , overwhelm by compassion , place she hand on ravenna 's chest . ravenna put she own wrinkle hand on snow White 's . ravenna smile . she gently tap on snow White 's ... in a strange and affectionate motherly way . Eric and William , exhaust and batter climb the step of the mirror chamber . it be over . ravenna stare up at snow White 's face in a shine halo of light above she from the ceiling . ravenna ( whisper to snow White ) see child , ... we be bound . snow white ( whisper to ravenna calming ) it will be all right ... ravenna whisper incomprehensible word with a peaceful smile on she face . the cloud move in the disc of light above snow White . the light fall over ravenna 's face . the light fade out of she eye and she die . 216 ext . cloister garden / castle - day . 216 in the cloister garden , a blossom flower on the apple tree and the world be bear again -- 217 omitted 217 218 omitted 218 98a 219 int . mirror chamber / castle - day . 219 in death , ravenna 's beautiful blue eye be wide open , fix on the halo of light that surround snow White 's head . dissolve to : 220 omitted 220 221 omitted 221 222 int . cathedral - day 222 snow white backlit in a golden hue . a crown be place on she head . we be in ... pack for the coronation . Duke hammond and bishop surround she . snow White smile and look out at all assemble - she subject , she friend , the people she 's come to know and love - meeting the eye of Rose , look young and beautiful again -- Anna and lily -- the seven dwarve , who all wipe away tear . she see William off to the side , smile , look on adoringly . but she eye continue through the crowd , look for -- Eric , in the very back of the cathedral , near the door . they eye meet , as if they be the only two in the room . this last several moment until -- beith hail to the Queen ! and then the huntsman smile and leave . eric v/0 the land be heal , and the rightful Queen bring a age of peace and prosperity . 99 223 ext . castle - day 223 we drop down from the castle to find the huntsman , on horseback head toward we . eric ( v.0 . ) as for the huntsman ... Eric go under the village arch , back toward the forest . eric ( v.o. ) he return to the forest where he belong .