snowpiercer by bong joon-ho revise by Kelly masterson base on the graphic novel Le transperceneige by Jacques loeb & Benjamin legrand & Jean - Marc rochette final draft 2011.11.11 prologue - top credit fade in : SMALL tv frame over black screen : at a air force base somewhere , a news reporter in short sleeve and ear phone , hold a microphone , stand under the burn sun . he be breathless , excited , on the verge of hyperventilate - this be the biggest story of he young life ! reporter good morning . on this day , July lst , 2014 , at this hour - 0600 - 78 country have begin ... roooaaaar - a military jet take off in b.g. reporter hold a hand to one ear over he ear phone and shout to be hear : reporter ( cont ’d ) 78 country have begin to disperse CW - 7 . CW - 7 have be the subject of much controversy as environmental group have protest its development and deployment . roooaaaar - another jet take off as reporter take up a soccer ball size plastic model in he hand . reporter ( cont ’d ) CW - 7 . this be a core molecular model of CW - 7 . CW - 7 be the answer to global warming ... it have be claim . roooooaaar - this one go right over reporter 's head - he duck as if the jet will hit he ; scared and exhilated . reporter ( cont ’d ) today , as we speak and as you can see - here and around the world ... CUT to : image of military aircraft , against the sky , disperse CW - 7 , leave streak of white behind they . reporter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) CW - 7 be be deploy into the upper layer of the atmosphere where it will bring down average global temperature to the optimum level of the last century . and we be witness it ! reporter grow ever more flush with giddy excitement over the roughly shaking image with a explosive noise of a succession of jet take off ... snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 2 . reporter ( cont ’d ) we be witness the very , the very , the very avalanche of a new dawn . today will forever be know as the beginning of the end - the end of we long crisis ; the end of we suffer and we fear ; the end of the , the , the tyranny of global warming ! good bye global warming . roooooaaaar - the image have become so shaky , we can barely see the reporter as he drop the CW - 7 model and shout : reporter ( cont ’d ) this be the end ! MAIN title : snowpiercer / le transperceneige dissolve to : ext . the old world through telephoto lens : a foggy , dreamy image of white take shape into a white blizzard that blow ever more violently . a african elephant walk with difficulty , staggering and grow faint . as the strengthen storm cover it ina blanket of white , the elephant falter . its massive body tumble solemnly to the ground ... int . train - somewhere at the sound of a heavy clang , a girl 's eye pop open . title : 17 year later , a.d. 2031 in the heavy darkness , she two eye blink soundlessly . ina cramped space , the girl 's body undulate to a regular rhythm . girl ( v.o. ) from the day I be bear , there have always be this rattling . because I be bear on a move train . over the sound of a train 's wheel rattling : girl ( v.o. ) I be seventeen . the train have be rattling for the past 17 year . outside the train , I hear the sound of snowflake fall onto the freeze earth . no one be out there . everyone be inside , the train ... snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 3 . int . tail section - entrance a massive , iron Gate fill the screen . a soldier hold a rifle , pull a lever . the Gate slide open to reveal : Endless freight car , dark and filthy , like alley in a poor village . tail section passengers , shabbily - dress , look like vagrant , stand in cramped , pack row of five across . soldier 1 head check ! passenger sound off they number - '' one '' '' two '' - and crouch into a sit position , each in turn , row after row , further and further into the next car , like a cave ... soldier 1 click furiously at the counter in he hand : 251 - 252-253 ... curtis ( 34 ) do not count and he do not sit . with a sharp glare of concentration , curtis remain stiffly upright as the wave of obedient passenger count and crouch . curtis - a lone stand figure . soldier 2 sit down ! curtis show no concern . he stare past the iron Gate to the gate beyond and the one beyond and the next ... soldier 2 ( cont 'd ) ( aim he gun ) I say sit down ! curtis do not budge a inch . passenger flinch in surprise at the sight of the levele gun inch from curtis . his finger count on he thigh - 2 - 3 - 4 - as gate close one by one . edgar ( 20 ) , anxious , sit , pull curtis ' pant leg . edgar curtis - sit down . sit down ... curtis sit suddenly - ignore soldier 2 and he gun . edgar ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you do ? curtis count . edgar can not you sit and count ? you wanna get shot ? you be crazy ... curtis shut up , Edgar . I be think . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 4 . passenger in the far-off last row finish they count . hundred of passenger crouch in neat , silent row , they head bob gently up and down with the movement of the train . soldier 3 step forward and lift a megaphone : soldier 3 be there any experience violinist here ? raise you hand ! people soldier 3 violinist ! ( mimic play a violin ) violinist ! the passenger just look around nervously at each other . edgar violinist ? fuck that . bastard in the Front section listen to string quartet , get massage , eat fuck steak ... curtis we will be different , Edgar . when we get there . when we get there . edgar ( beat ) I want steak . as the soldier continue to shout , a elderly couple ( gerald and doris ) hesitantly raise they hand . soldier 3 tell we you background . gerald my wife and I play violin in the Boston symphony orchestra . I be first chair ... soldier 2 grab Gerald 's hand - startling he . he examine the hand . soldier 3 can you still play ? gerald of course . you never forget . the soldier mutter amongst themselves - '' Boston ? '' - and , after smirk , call out to Gerald . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 5 . soldier 3 follow I . leave you belonging , we just need you hand . gerald not both ? soldier 3 yes. both hand . gerald ( take doris 's hand ) my wife , doris , play beautifully ... soldier 3 they just need one person . gerald then I will not go . soldier 2 ( approach ) who the hell do you think you be ? soldier 2 pull Gerald away from doris . she shriek and clutches soldier 2 's arm who whacks she in the face with the butt of he rifle . bleed , doris fall and lie , unmove , on the floor . Gerald yell out . passenger gasp ! in the grim , shocked silence , soldier 2 brutally stomp on doris 's leave hand with he military boot . doris scream . gerald dory ! soldier 2 now she can not play anyway . Edgar , temper flash , stand up . now it be curtis ' turn to grab Edgar 's pant leg and pull he back down . curtis sit down , Edgar . edgar they can not ... we can not just ... curtis ( steely ) no . this be not the time . Gerald struggle as he be drag away by Soldiers 1 and 2 . gerald dory ! I will come back for you ... I will write to you ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 6 . Gerald be drag through the iron Gate . he calm as soon as he be through the gate - a small smile of hope and expectation cross he face . clank - the Gate shut . edgar Fucking bastard ... curtis stare at the gate open as Gerald be drag through - he count on he thigh as Edgar prattles - 1 - 2-3 - 4 ... edgar ( cont 'd ) ..- always treat we like this and always we just sit here in row ... curtis shut up . I be try to count . edgar we do not count . soldier push a cart , with large wheel , fill with pitch black ' protein block ' that look like chocolate bar . ina familiar procession , passenger line up in front of the cart and receive they protein block . doris , bleed , hold she mangle hand , rise and move to take a protein block . with bloody lip she eagerly gulp it down ... she flushed , swollen red cheek twitching . int . tail section - middle curtis move past squatting passenger chomping protein block . one after another , passenger shake they head - '' no , not I '' - as curtis pass . Edgar hurry to catch up . edgar curtis ... ( stare at he protein block ) what do steak look like ? I be real young when I get on the train . I do not remember it at all . curtis : '' ... '' edgar ( cont 'd ) be it square like this ? I bet it 's damn fuck good , right ? latin man suddenly stand and hold up he hand . curtis grab Latin man 's protein block and find a hole on the side , like on a block of cheese . latin man the hole ! * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 7 . curtis ( hand it back ) not it . edgar not it . curtis continue on , Edgar on he heel . tanya , a large African - american woman , jump up and down and wave . curtis Tanya ! tanya curtis ! look ! Tanya point at tim , she five year old son who hold up he protein block . curtis move to Tim , look at the block carefully . there be a deep hole at the bottom of the block . curtis Tim -bo - do you find it ? tim I do . I get it . ( curtis reach for it ) and I be keep it ! Tim take off run . curtis run after he . Tanya run after Tim . Edgar run after Tim . tanya Tim ! Tim lead we on a merry chase through the tail section - a slum crowded with multi-ethnic resident - giggle and hold he protein block aloft , through the cubbyhole , hang blanket , passageway , pipe ... Tim barely evade curtis 's grasp as he dart away . passenger shout and yell as Tim knock into they - they jump out of the way of the rampaging curtis , Edgar and Tanya in hot pursuit . Edgar and Tanya corner Tim only to lose he when he climb the wall and swing from the pipe over they head . Tim drop and run - he look back and laugh and shout ... tim it 's mine . all mine ... .+- and run smack into curtis , lie in wait . curtis get ya ! curtis snatch up the boy and lift he in the air , and tickle he . Tim scream in delight and wriggle like a fish on a hook . * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 8. tim no ! no , curtis ... curtis gimme , gimme - come on , Tim - bo , give it up ... Tanya , wind , arrive , huffing and puffing and laugh . only Edgar do not think this be funny . edgar give it up , kid . curtis what will it take ? what do you want ? tim in the whole wide train ? curtis in the whole wide train . tim ( face lighting up ) the ball ! curtis the ball ? oh , no . not that . tim yes . yes . I get the ball for a whole hour . curtis done . Tim ceremoniously hand curtis the protein block . to Edgar : curtis ( cont 'd ) Edgar ! get Tim the ball . Edgar roll he eye and walk away mutter . edgar what be I - you fuck slave ? Tim hurry after Edgar jump up and down in excitement . curtis shout after Edgar : curtis you be my trust number two ! edgar number two . great , you know what that be - number two ...? Tim hold up two finger . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 9 . tim it 's two . I be four hundred and thirty three . you know how long I have to wait to get the ball if I ... edgar shut up . curtis examine the protein block : at the bottom , a thin , deep hole . curtis nod , satisfied . he smile . curtis thanks , Tanya . int . tail section - tent at the rear a sharp knife cut the protein block , slice through the * hole . wider - curtis cut carefully and remove a small capsule make of metal and open it : a roll up red paper inside . curtis unroll the Red letter and read the silver lettering . gilliam ( 0.s. ) Red letter ? * angle - gilliam ( 70' ) , sit against the back wall of the train , wrap entirely in rag-like clothes with only he face protrude . * curtis yes . accord to we informant , * he 's in the prison section now . * gilliam so he name be ... * ( read ) * N , a , m , k , U ... curtis nam kung minute soo. gilliam strange name . nam koo soo what ? curtis we will just call he nam . like Vietnam . the tent flap open and Edgar appear . through the open flap we get a glimpse of Tim kick a makeshift ball make of old * rag tightly wound . * edgar ( grab the Red letter ) what 's it say ? snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 10 . curtis ( grab it back ) Edgar ! curtis take the Red letter to a metal wall where dozen of other be post . he put the new one in the final position . edgar ( read over curtis 's shoulder ) the hell ... he 's in prison ? curtis shut up . edgar if he 's such a great security expert why can not he just break himself ...? curtis ( sharp ) Edgar ! curtis motion with he head for Edgar to leave . edgar open he mouth to speak but curtis 's look be steely . edgar turn a plead face to gilliam . gilliam out . Edgar , piss , hurt , reluctantly leave the tent - he get strike in the head by the ball as he exit . the flap close . edgar ( 0.s. ) Tim ! Tim speed off as Edgar give chase , they clamoring quickly subside . curtis ( bitterly ) I be sorry . he 's a idiot . but he 's we idiot . gilliam Young . this train baby . again , calm silence hang between they . curtis take a deep breath then put protein block onto a small table to represent train car : curtis ok . we be here , tail section , quarantine section , prison section . Gate , gate , gate . ( more ) * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 11 . curtis ( cont 'd ) accord to what I see today , there be 4 second when all three gate be open at the same time . we have four second to go through three gate and we will be in the prison section to get nam out . gilliam we fate depend on this nam guy ? curtis that 's right . ( draw in a deep breath ) if we can get he to cooperate , we can seize control right up to the front of the train . gilliam to the very front section ... curtis yes . everything in one stroke . we liberate the whole train . we control the engine , we control the world . if we do not , we get nothing . past revolution all fail because they fail to take the engine . gilliam so ... what be you say ? curtis this time , we take the engine . gilliam then what ...? curtis ( in a low voice ) we waste he . a heavy silence fall between curtis and gilliam . they look at each other calmly . gilliam «+. wilford ? curtis nod . train floor : curtis ' Pov : gilliam 's gaze fix on a metal plate on the property of wilford enterprise . carve in relief on a impressive iron metal plate on the wall : wilford enterprise curtis you should govern the train now , not wilford . + HH HH * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 12 . gilliam I be a shrunken old man . my day be decade ago ... int . tail section angle : on curtis 's face deep in think , as he lie uncomfortably in a cramped sleep quarter , construct out of wooden freight box . Edgar lie right below he wide awake , look up at curtis . edgar sleep ? curtis ... yeah ... edgar good night then ... curtis Edgar 's eye stay on the compartment above . all of a sudden , they hear the sound of a couple breathe heavily , then the moan sound get louder ... edgar ...- think about Alice , be not you ? curtis no. edgar bullshit . curtis ( sigh ) Edgar ... edgar I guess it 's possible you do not remember she so well anymore . it 's be what ... 4 year since they drag she off ? she be one fine lady . the ever more agitate movement of the couple cause the board to creak . suddenly , score of strange bug crawl out from the board . curtis what would it be like ? edgar damn fuck good . +e hf % he hhh ok % snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 13 . curtis no . I mean the baby . what if nine month later , the baby be bear ... and the first thing he see be this ... this place . how would he feel ? curtis squash a bug . splat . edgar .-.cold . Edgar pull a dirty rag up to he neck and let out a icy breath . curtis that baby be go to grow up eat tasty soup and potato , steak too , in a clean , warm room at the front of the train . and he will go to school . edgar School ? what be that again ? the ear-splitt sound of clanking metal ! curtis , with lighten speed , poke he head into the hallway . a short spotter run the hall clanking a metal pan loudly with a stick . here and there , anxious head look out from they cubbyhole to check out the commotion . curtis shit ! int . tail section - entrance flashing red light signal a inspection . curtis and Edgar run full out toward the tail section entrance , jump over people as they go . at the entrance area , where the protein block be ration out , Soldiers shove passenger into line . curtis pretend to join the row while he keep he eye on the Gate . close - up of a woman 's high heel as she walk through the slide gate . the camera move up and we see claude ( early 30' ) , pale face and bobbe hair . behind , follow officer , soldier and armed police . fuyu , a japanese Officer , carry a enormous atlas and a briefcase , stand just behind Claude 's right shoulder . fuyu quiet , everyone ! + h hk * he hhh ok * % snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 14 . fuyu give a signal and the Soldiers seize child at random . Parents scream and clutch onto they child , but they be rip away . several dozen child be line up in front of Claude : chan , a chinese boy , a white toddler ... SNAP - Claude snap she finger and fuyu unsnap and open the briefcase . Claude pull a tape measure from the case without acknowledge fuyu . Claude step forward and precisely , wordlessly , quickly measure the child . each time she finish measure a child , the tape retract with a loud '' thwak ! '' before she pull it out again . Parents cry . curtis be angry - but he put a restrain hand on Edgar 's arm to keep he in check . Claude measure the arm of andy , six year old . his father , andrew , cringe in fear and shout ... andrew no ! Claude 's pierce , fierce look shut he up . Claude look at the child - displease . then she eye catch something on the periphery : in the front row stand Tanya . a round shape bulge from she skirt . clack clack - Claude walk straight to Tanya , right up to she face . they stare at each other , the dark Tanya and the snow - white Claude . curtis stand a few row behind , observe . Claude pull out the tape and use it as a pointer - she gently lift the skirt with it . Tanya look down nervously to reveal : the makeshift ball . Claude glance at Tanya before she let go of she skirt and turn to walk away . Tanya breathes a quiet sigh of relief . instantly , Claude signal to fuyu . two Soldiers run to Tanya on fuyu 's order . tanya ( tapping she skirt ) run , timmy ! Tim gun out from under Tanya 's skirt and run to the end of the train . Tanya block soldier 1 but miss soldier 2 rush after tim. Tanya and soldier 1 wrestle as nearby passenger also get tangle up in the scuffle . ahhhh ! a scream break out as soldier 2 drag Tim forward . tanya ( cont 'd ) no !!! tim !!! Tanya 's eye go wide in fear but she be paralyze . curtis tense as Tim be drag to Claude who quickly measure he . % +e HH fh hk * * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 15 . claude ( point with she tape ) this two . Tim and Andy be drag off by the depart Soldiers . Claude turn heel to follow . Tanya break she paralysis and , in a wild frenzy , break through the line of shield with herculean strength . she chase after she son . tanya timmy ! mommy 's come ... combat Police surround she and begin to club she mercilessly . curtis no !!! dancing club fill the screen - Tanya lie on the floor , cut down like firewood . while Police focus on Tanya , Andrew break through the line like a arrow . taken by surprise , the Police stare dumbly at he for a second . andrew ( throw he shoe ) give I back my son , you fuck bitch !! Claude , at the Gate , turn back to the insulting voice as the old shoe sail through the air and the heel smack she directly in the forehead . her steely expression do not change . fuyu cry out in shock . Soldiers grab Andrew and throw he to the ground . Soldiers 's boot kick and kick and kick the bloody Andrew . Claude touch a pinky to the trickle of blood on she forehead . she look at it , suck the blood off and click away on she heel . curtis ' mouth hang open in a shocked stupor . his eye narrow as he watch the back of the depart Claude . int . tail section - porthole Andrew , bruise and bleed , kneel with he old shoe in he mouth . he look ridiculous . and weak . Soldiers , armed policeman and high-ranking officer surround Andrew to watch two gigantic man snip off he shirt with scissors . they be - the franco brother - that appear to be a strange , well - oile machine . the franco Brothers work on Andrew like a couple of butcher dress a dead cow , grease he arm with a blue liquid gel . fuyu consult he thick '' atlas : '' map show the intertwine rail line . he speak to himself . * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 16 . fuyu .-- longitude 10 degree 45 ... fuyu close he atlas with a smack and write calculation as the franco Brothers place a metal ring around Andrew 's arm just below he armpit . on the wall , above Andrew 's kneel form , be a identical metal ring . fuyu ( cont 'd ) at this high elevation , we need only 7 minute . tail section passenger grimace in anger , pain and sympathy . a few turn around to regard curtis whose face also register pain and rage . gilliam be glimpse behind he . fuyu suffer a pang of remorse look at Andrew , before put a hefty clock on Andrew 's neck . it 's a timer clock be use for measure cooking time . he push the button to activate the clock . fuyu turn around and bow politely to a well - dress , well - groom middle - age man who come forward . he be minister mason who appear rather mild and culture . fuyu ( cont 'd ) Seven minute allot for you speech , sir . mason nod and pick up a wireless microphone , stand in front of Andrew , whose face be distort in great pain . mason this be so disappoint . behind mason , fuyu and a female officer repeat he statement . fuyu ( in japanese ) this be so disappoint . female officer ( in Spanish ) this be so disappoint . fuyu ( in french ) this be so disappoint . female officer ( in chinese ) this be so disappoint ... mason cut that out - I only have seven minute . ( he lift the shoe ) passenger , this be not a shoe . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 17 . fuyu ( sullenly silent ) mason this be disorder . this be size ten chaos . this - see this - this be death . no one pay attention to mason , all be focus on Andrew 's agony . mason ( cont ’d ) in this locomotive we call home , we have but one barrier between we warm heart and the bitter cold . ( wave the shoe ) clothing ? shield ? no! order ! insert - the train race down the dark mountain side . Andrew 's arm expose outside the train freeze in a raging snowstorm . mason ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) order be the barrier that hold back the freeze death . order . we - all of we passenger on the train of life - must remain in we allot station . on mason : mason ( cont 'd ) we must each of we occupy ... ( wave he hand in a peculiar motion ) ... we par-tic-u-lar , pre-ordained position ! mason place Andrew 's shoe on he head . mason ( cont ’d ) would you wear a shoe on you head ? of course you would not wear a shoe on you head . the tail section painter flip to a blank sheet in he sketchbook and draw . mason ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) a shoe do not belong on you head . a shoe belong on you foot . a hat belong on a head . I ama hat and you be a shoe . I belong on the head - you belong on the foot . yes ? so it be . on andrew in agony . mason check the tick clock . he be warming to he task - he speech grow more florid : snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 18 . mason ( cont ’d ) why be I a hat , you ask ? what prescribe order , you ask ? andrew aahhh !!! mason ( cont ’d ) in the beginning , order be prescribe by you ticket . first class , economy , you get my drift . eternal order be prescribe by the Sacred engine . all life flow from the Sacred engine and all thing in they place , all passenger in they section , all water flow , all heat rise pay homage to the Sacred engine ... mason ( cont ’d ) ... in its own par-ti-cu -lar pre - ordain position . yes ? so it be . on clock tick . on drawing in painter 's hand - Minister mason with a shoe on he head . mason , intoxicate with he own speech , get louder with excitement ... mason ( cont ’d ) now , as in the beginning , I belong to the front , you belong to the tail . when the foot seek the place of the head , a sacred line be cross . know you place ! keep you place ! be a shoe ! mason dramatically finish - he expect applause but do not get it . he check the clock - oop ... mason ( cont ’d ) mmmm ... we have some time leave . let we go to a special comment from Mr. wilford , the Divine keeper of the Sacred engine ... fuyu give a order to the soldier at the back who turn on a speaker - type device - but its crackle noise fill the train . mason ( cont 'd ) sir? Mr. wilford ? speaker bzz2z2z22z .... crackle ... bz2 ZZ curtis look at the speaker with curiosity . mason he 's busy . so it be ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 19 . ding - clock chime , indicate that seven minute have pass . franco the younger unfasten the metal ring and pull in Andrew 's arm . Andrew scream with pain and stare at he arm : freeze solid from metal ring to fingertip . franco the elder tap the arm with a spoon . it produce a clear sound , like ice . he nod to mason who raise he arm straight up . Andrew 's freeze arm be laid on a chair . franco the younger hold up a huge hammer . all eye - awash with fear and rage - focus on mason 's raise arm . the front row man , the tail section 's ' Army , 's look to curtis for the word to attack . Edgar show curtis a sharp blade he have hide . he whisper : edgar be we just go to watch ? curtis not now . edgar ( furious whisper ) not now ? why not now !? curtis timing be everything . Edgar seethes . curtis look at Andrew in fear and agony . curtis close he eye . mason drop he arm . franco the younger 's hammer swooshes through the air and crash down on Andrew 's arm , which break apart with a sicken noise of something hard yet squishy . fuyu cringe and look away . gilliam stand up , let he rag drop . his entire body be reveal for the first time . he have one arm and one leg each . but he have no trouble balance himself . a lean , muscular young man gently squeeze a crutch underneath gilliam 's armpit . gilliam walk out towards mason . like the subject of a elderly king , the tail section passenger noiselessly move to open a path for gilliam . the Young man stay on gilliam 's heel - he eye darting about to locate danger . other passenger follow behind gilliam , each of they miss a arm or a leg . soldier 1 suddenly point he gun at gilliam . soldier 1 what be you do ? sit down ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 20 . gilliam walk forward as if not hearing he . the Young man position himself between the gun and gilliam . mason put he hand up to soldier 1 . mason lower that useless gun , stupid . ( to gilliam ) it 's a pleasure to see you again , Mr. gilliam . gilliam mason you look healthy . ignoring mason , gilliam walk to Andrew , unconscious , propped up by the franco Brothers . he touch Andrew 's face gently . mason ( cont ’d ) release he . Andrew be release and collapse . gilliam catch and support Andrew and pass he off to the passenger miss limb , who bear he away . gilliam Minister mason . please deliver a message to Mr. wilford . mason of course . what shall I ...? gilliam tell he , he and I need to talk . mason be take aback and can not come up with a response . mason ( chuckle ) well ... you can talk to I . Mr. wilford have no reason to visit here ... gilliam move away , not listen to mason . curtis ( to himself ) not here ... at the front . curtis , stand in the middle of the row and eye glitter coldly , stare at mason who huff and move away . Music start like a low heart beat . a montage sequence commence . 10 11 12 13 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 21 . int . tail section - somewhere scrape - scrape - the sound of heavy iron scraping against a metal floor be hear . one by one , man remove section of the pitch black sewer pipe leave in the old freight box ... rumble - rumble - the sewer pipe be roll forward . int . tail section - elsewhere a married couple lift the wooden board that serve as they table to reveal a base of sewer pipe stand on they side . a heavyset man from the Army hoist up the pipe . int . tail section - old thai man 's dwelling sewer pipe be neatly stack for use as a display case . in each round hole can be find crude household utensil . old thai man wave he walk stick at Edgar . old man ( in thai ) you can not have this ! you rude ingrates ! edgar thanks for you cooperation ! we really appreciate it . Edgar signal the Army to carry off the sewer pipe . hitting the men' back haphazardly with he walk stick , the Old man continue to shout in thai . int . tail section - middle rumble - rumble - a group of burly men roll a line of sewer pipe forward create a heavy roar , make the whole tail section reverberate . Edgar , count , do not see a pipe roll towards he foot ... edgar thirty one , thirty two ... ( after a shocked pause ) aaaaaaahhhhhh ! ! int . tail section - dark place curtis , in dim light , step over a pipe to join a black man and arabic man try to screw one sewer pipe into another . curtis turn it around - you have it backwards . 14 15 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 22 . the man lift the pipe to turn it around - curtis dodge out of the way of a small object whizzing by he head . curtis ( cont 'd ) hey ! curtis look into the shadow - dark figure scurry away into the shadow and hide . dark voice ( 0.s. ) you be go to get we kill . curtis peer into shadow - a blink , break light flash to reveal several big , greasy barrel mark : '' danger - industrial waste - flammable - chronole . '' dark voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you be no gilliam ... curtis you want to live in this filth for the rest ...? dark voice 2 ( 0.s. ) better that than die for you stupid scheme ... curtis take a protein block out of a cloth bag tie to he belt . he hold it up and the Dark voice go silent . in the darkness , they eye blink with long . curtis throw the protein block and Dark figure shriek and run after it . we see now they be near naked , emaciate man streak black with filth . in a corner , they fight over the protein bock . curtis reach into a chronole barrel and scoops out a handful of small lump . he place they in the cloth bag and tie it to he belt . int . tail section - middle Music and heavy booming sound echo through the tail section as the Army assemble the pipe in a row . at 80 cm ( 2 1 / 2 foot ) wide , the lengthen shaft become a giant batter ram . int . tail section - entrance angle - we float along with the gun hold by soldier 1 . the focus move from the gun 's magazine to close - up of curtis and gilliam . curtis ' Pov : soldier 1 move farther away beyond the steel gate . 16 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 23 . curtis ( quietly ) * they do not have any bullet . gilliam why do you say that ? curtis do you hear mason ? he say - put down that '' useless '' gun . gilliam he mean he would not give the order to shoot I . curtis no - I think the gun be literally useless . they use up all they * bullet four year ago , in the last * revolt . bullet be extinct . * gilliam if you be wrong , we could be * finish before we start . * curtis * it 's a revolution . we have to be * willing to pay the price . I will die * first if I have to . * int . tail section - various steadicam shot : on the wall of this dwelling be countless * drawing like illustration in a history book : people climb aboard the train ; stampede of passenger ; hungry vacant eye ; gilliam speak to the passenger ... painter flip through old sketch pad . he find what he be look for , jump up and head out through the crowd , clutching the sketchbook , ignore the loud conversation of the milling crowd . the Army grapples with leather strap tie to the gigantic sewer pipe , rhythmically try to lift it . edgar one , two , one , two ... painter ( mumble as he pass ) one , two , one , two ... painter turn and approach a small cargo box , mark with a red cross . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 24 . painter enter a impromptu hospital : a couple of bunk -bed , make - shift medical tool and medicine be visible . Andrew , now one - armed , lie on a lower bunk . andrew * Andy ! * painter this ... * ( open the sketchbook ) be this you ... son ? Andrew 's eye open wide . he take the picture in he remain hand . nurse also look at the picture with interest - a portrait of Andy . * painter ( cont ’d ) the picture 's no good , I ... * ( mumble ) * it 's just ... something to make you feel better ... Tanya 's huge head suddenly enter the frame , suspend upside down . Tanya , eye swollen and bruise , drop from the upper bunk to the ground with a loud boom , like a grizzly bear . tanya how about my son ? do you have one of timmy ? before painter can respond , Tanya snatch the sketchbook and frantically flip through look for Tim . she find it ! tanya ( cont 'd ) timmy ! my boy , my baby . Tanya 's face contort with sorrow and despair . she rip the page with she son 's portrait out of the book . painter ah! Gentle ! Tanya ... but Tanya be go - the sketchbook drop to the floor . steadicam track Tanya 's bulldoze walk . she talk to the * draw : tanya look at you silly smile - I know that look - you just get catch doin’ something you be not suppose to do , do not you ? oh baby ... mommy forgive you . she pass through the Army and approach curtis . she place Tim 's portrait in curtis ' face with a look of appeal . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 25 . curtis no Tanya , I be sorry . tanya oh , yes I be , curtis , or you will be sorry . I be go to the front and make that bitch sorry she ever set she hand on my baby . curtis shake he head but Tanya be determine - she point at the Army . tanya ( cont 'd ) you know I be stronger than all you skinny ass soldier put together . curtis look at Tanya for a while then sigh with resignation . he hold Tanya 's hand and walk to the front . curtis replace a big man at the front of the sewer pipe with Tanya . she grab the grip and join : army one , two , one , two ... curtis move to the front of he Army . the excitement and smell of revolt spread over the crowd . he shout : curtis ok , ok - huddle up . Army set the pipe down with a loud boom . we see the pipe run from here all the way up to the gate along one wall . at the gate , Edgar , he chin on a cross bar , keep watch . curtis stand above he Army - seat on the pipe . he speak low but with force : curtis ( cont 'd ) check you weapon . make sure they be small enough to hide in you clothes . on metal rod as arabic man slip it inside he belt and put he shirt over the top . curtis ( cont 'd ) keep enough distance between the second and the third team ! at the rear ... blare - blare - the alarm , the March tune and blink light erupt surprisingly . Edgar come run from the Gate . curtis ( cont 'd ) what ...? snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 26 . edgar schedule change ! they move it up ... they be come ... they be come ! in confusion , the Army lift and drop the pipe with a boom . lift and ... curtis stop ! do not panic ! ... drop - boom . curtis climb on the pipe and shout : curtis ( cont 'd ) stick to the plan ! this be it . the passenger turn into a chaotic mass , run back and forth and slamm into one another . curtis move to he place - mid-line - while Edgar and Tanya hurry to the front . curtis ( cont 'd ) ( mutter ) four second , three door ... CUT to : rumble - rumble - the train rumble on . the screen be fill with the image of the steel Gate as in the introduction . a soldier 's Hand push open the heavy Gate . passenger stand in line of five as usual , as if nothing be amiss . Soldiers , likewise , push the cart of protein block per the routine . curtis eye the cart 's wheel . Edgar take up position ' five 's to obscure the pipe , Tanya take ' six 's directly behind he . Edgar be agitate . if he sit , the pipe will be reveal . soldier 1 head check ! '' one '' '' two '' - call out and crouch . Edgar be agitate . if he shout '' five '' and sit , the sewer pipe will be expose to the Soldiers . '' Three ! '' '' four ! : '' the man in front of Edgar shout and crouch . edgar five , six , pick up stick ! tanya Seven , eight , open the gate ! soldier 1 step forward towards Edgar . soldier 1 you be five . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 27 . Tanya and Edgar joyfully , loudly play the count game : edgar and tanya nine , ten - say it again ! soldier 1 no , you be five - you be six ... edgar you be Seven ! tanya ( to approach soldier 2 ) you be eight ! click - click - Soldiers 2 and 3 step forward and point rifle at the head of Edgar and Tanya . they eye go wide with fright - this be not suppose to happen ... painter let 's eat ! come on ! passengers let 's eat !! we want to eat !! eat ! eat ! eat ! eat ! passenger shout and jump up and down - there be pandemonium . soldier 1 summon the other Soldiers for a huddle as the shouting and stomping continue . we catch snippet of the Soldiers 's argument : soldier ..- head check ... waste of time ... just give the shit ... soldier 1 ok , ok . ( step forward with arm raise ) quiet down ! you will count off as you get you protein block . go. passenger move forward to take protein block , count off and retreat to the rear . as Edgar move to curtis , Tanya take he space to obscure the pipe . the Army remain in place to hide the pipe . all eye turn to the nervous curtis and gilliam . gilliam ( in a low voice ) still go for it , be we ? edgar now ? finally now ? curtis observe the Soldiers , the cart , the Gates - the rifle . Edgar flush with excitement and bloodlust . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 28 . curtis the rifle . edgar fuck ‘em . we outnumber they bullet . curtis . curtis weigh he decision - this be the moment of truth . a latin woman , chew she protein block , suddenly clamp onto something . she pull out a metal capsule . the capsule be pass hand to hand until it reach curtis . gilliam Red letter ? curtis stare at it in he palm without open it . edgar what the fuck ? open it ! screech - the gate begin to open ... Edgar , impatient , grab the capsule away to open it but fumble it and it fall to the floor . curtis watch a soldier 's back walk towards the prison section open the gate one by one . Edgar kneel to retrieve the capsule roll away from he . at the moment when the three gate open at the same time , curtis , with lighten speed , bolt for the first Gate . Edgar grab the roll capsule and try to open it . gilliam and all other stare at he in shock . curtis charge at soldier 1 who aim he gun : soldier 1 stop ! stop ! curtis grab the barrel of the rifle , put it to he own forehead and reach for the trigger with he other hand . soldier 1 be so take aback that he turn into a blue- face statue . everyone , paralyze in shock , stare at curtis . with a roar , curtis pull the trigger . curtis ahhhhhhhh ! click - nothing . edgar ( shouting ) they 've got no bullet ! 17 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 29 . edgar drop the Red letter : '' no bullet . '' passenger overwhelm the Soldiers like a vast human tsunami . curtis viciously kick soldier 1 in the gut . the Soldiers fall like leave under a hail of fist , steel rod and confiscate rifle use as club . curtis go! forward ! edgar go! forward ! Tanya and Army lift up the sewer pipe-batter ram . bang - the ram smashes into the protein block cart . the cart , stick into the pipe , be propel forward . curtis jump on the cart as it pass through the first gate , propel by the awesome power of the Army . blare - blare - alarm sound . soldier 1 Close the gate ! curtis ' Pov : the second meshed - steel gate rapidly approach . the cart wheel spin intensely . curtis and the batter ram pass through the second iron gate . soldier 1 ( cont 'd ) Close the gate now ! soldier 5 run like hell to push a button to shut the gate . one of the cart wheel bounce off into the air ! screech - the cart 's metal bottom spray bright spark from the friction with the metal floor . undaunted , the Army shout in defiance , let out a deafen roar , and keep push . soldier 5 jump up to push the button but curtis be faster . he push soldier 5 down and the ram go through the Gate . boom - the batter ram be abandon . the slide Gate bite the pipe to no avail . the '' mob '' rush through the Gate , beat and subdue any remain Soldiers with primitive , makeshift weapon . int . prison section curtis , atop the cart , Edgar and Tanya survey the fall Soldiers with the bright sheen of the temporarily insane . heavily armed prison Guards , equip with shield , helmet and dully threaten club flow out to meet the rabble . * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 30 . curtis ( shouting ) team 1 retreat ! edgar team 1 retreat ! curtis team 2 forward ! edgar team 2 forward ! team 1 , breathe heavily , fall back while team 2 , the biggest man , move forward imposingly from the rear . prison Guards , unlike the scurrilous Soldiers , move in a tight , streamline manner to dominate the small prison section . bang - the two group clash ; the blow from team 2 's steel rod fall on the shield like rain . kiiiii - the train take a curve , the open Gate grate on the batter ram . the screeching noise be soon lose in the battle roar as team 2 force the Guards back in retreat . prisoner confine in oddly design chamber scream they head off , encourage the team 2 rebel . curtis push ! edgar push ! a mongolian giant appear from behind the Guards , as if swim against the tide of team 2 . he be a head and a half taller than the Guards and carry a gargantuan spanner . giant ( in mongolian ) ma not kiris yava !!! the giant swing the spanner like a baseball bat , hit team 2 rebel leave and right . the tide change - team 2 be push back . Edgar , without intend to , come up face to face with the giant . edgar ( in a small voice ) um ... curtis ? curtis withdraw a steel rod and walk forward . gilliam , at the rear , observe coolly , turn to the young man behind he . gilliam grey ... you go . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 31 . he drop he batter coat to reveal a body lean as a whip , * strong as taut steel and cover with scar and tattoo - all * word . he hold a peculiar steel rod . the giant , breathe * hard , swing the spanner as he stare at grey . * gilliam ( cont ’d ) * * '' +. now ! grey jump into the air , kick the wall , and levitate gracefully above the giant 's head who barely have time to look up before grey 's steel rod slam into the crown of he bald head . the giant go down without a peep . clank - the prison key on giant 's belt hit the metal train floor as he land . the tide change for the final time as team 2 go berserk , push the Guards forward into the next train section . when the last Guard be kick beyond the threshold , Edgar lock the steel gate - clunk . the Army , team 1 and 2 , and Tanya jump up and down , roaring with joy and triumph . Victory ! grey pick up the bundle of key from the mongolian 's waistband and present it to gilliam , bypass curtis . curtis ( slightly stump ) gilliam ( search through key ) so which one of this lead we to we security expert ? time CUT - curtis walk past the chamber look at and check each prisoner , who scream they head off , ask * curtis to get they out of the prison section . at the very end of the prison section be the '' punishment Ward '' compose of a series of drawer , each big enough to fit a adult body , in a design similar to a morgue . curtis read the label on the drawer . on label : '' nam koong minute soo '' with smaller write beneath . curtis ( read ) '' nam koong minute soo ... chronole addict . '' edgar chronole ? fuck that - we do not want a chronohead . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 32 . gilliam pass the bundle of key to curtis who respectfully take it and then toss it to grumble Edgar . curtis Edgar , hurry up and open it . edgar ( finger the key bundle ) why do you always give I the shittiest job ? curtis because I trust you . Edgar roll he eye - '' how do I argue with that ? '' Edgar , annoyed , try each key on the keyhole this way and that way . he insert a small key and - click . with a expectant smile , he pull open the drawer . namgoong minsoo , a big-body , unruly - haire asian man lie inside , he face cover with a unshaven beard . Edgar poke he with the tip of the key , but namgoong be as unmove as a log . curtis shake namgoong who do not respond . curtis ( cont 'd ) hey , wake up ! curtis hold up the cloth bag . he extract a lump of chronole . gilliam stand next to he , pensively take a sniff . gilliam be this chronole ? curtis yes . it 's a industrial resource they use in the cargo section - highly flammable . if you inhale the stuff , you start to hallucinate . sort of like opiate . I hear it 's big in the front section . gilliam mmmm ... curtis ( to himself ) the best way to control a druggie be - drug . curtis place a lump of chronole under namgoong 's nostril . namgoong suddenly wake up , sniff . namgoong ( waking ) uhhh ... * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 33 . curtis be you nam koong minute soo ? ( no response ) kyungnam Corporation , security specialist ? namgoong look at the face hover over he like a sleepy - eye , hibernate bear suddenly awaken . he project a weird vibe : goofy and mysterious at the same time . curtis ( cont 'd ) be you the guy who design and install the door-lock and security provision on this train ? no response . edgar what 's wrong with you - you fry you fuck brain with that shit ? curtis nam ! be you listen ? nam ? namgoong , tired , regards Edgar , then reach on the wall to snatch up a small machine label '' simultaneous Interpretation service . '' namgoong push a button and the readout declare '' Language code 27 = Korean . '' namgoong ( sigh , in Korean : ) yes , I be listen ... fuck ... interpreter yes , I be listen , fuck . the interpreter 's voice be that of a bright , clean young woman . the bizarre contrast between the kind , polite voice and '' fuck '' stop everyone in they track . namgoong ( Korean ) and my name be not naem ! nahm ! and it 's nahm - goong ! that 's my last name ! min-soo be my first name . get that ? Fucking idiot ! the interpreter beep frantically : '' please repeat slowly . '' everyone simply stare at namgoong , utterly befuddle . curtis hold another interpreter unit in he hand . curtis anyway , we want you cooperation . namgoong for what ? snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 34 . curtis you can open all the gate in this train . namgoong be silent . curtis ( cont 'd ) we be go to the front and we need you to open all the gate . namgoong what if I say no ? curtis stare at he intently and then show he the lump of chronole . namgoong try to remain stoic but cannot hide minute ripple of desire in he expression . curtis for every gate you open , one lump of chronole . namgoong curtis it 's the best shit . uncut . straight from the barrel . curtis flip the lump to namgoong . namgoong let it drop to the floor and stare at curtis . beat . he bend down , seemingly to pick it up but instead remove a piece of cigarette and a matchbook from he shoe . '' wow ! '' - everyone look with eye round like saucer . tanya marlboro light ?! painter Holy shit - cigarettes have be extinct for a decade now ... on matchbook : a bright sun blaze over a beautiful sandy beach , advertising '' fiji '' everyone push forward to watch namgoong open the matchbook - four match . he pluck one , strike it , light the cigarette and suck on it for a long stretch . everyone be dizzy in shock . even curtis 's eye flutter as the smell hit he . namgoong ( to curtis ) you want some , asshole ? namgoong blow smoke in the air . several people breathe in the scattered wisp of smoke , they eyelid flutter . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 35 . namgoong ( cont ’d ) I bet you fuckhead never smoke one before , huh ? curtis you be a fuck chronohead so let I make this real simple for you . help we , you get you drug . do not , we put you back where we find you . what 's 1ll it be , asshole ? namgoong the people tense up . a chinese boy suddenly run to nam and snatch the matchbook from he hand . people shocked , stare at Chan run off . namgoong stare at he and then throw the cigarette butt aside . '' yikes ! '' - all at once , the crowd dive toward the butt . the space between namgoong and curtis fill with milling body . pow - namgoong 's fist land squarely in the center of Edgar 's face - blood erupt . he kneel on Edgar 's abdomen and snatch the key from Edgar 's hand . he rise ... kapow ! namgoong knock out each man who try to stop he from '' escape . '' curtis grab namgoong 's shirt . but namgoong stop before another drawer and locate a key . namgoong open the lock and pull the drawer out to reveal yona ( 17 ) , a asian girl , dead asleep despite all the commotion in the section . he poke at the girl 's head . namgoong ( cont ’d ) get up . yona shit ... yona reluctantly sit up - dirty and clad in short pants and a T-shirt . she drape herself in rag she use as a blanket . namgoong my daughter , yona . if I go , she go too . curtis so you be come with we ? namgoong one gate , two lump of chronole . two people - two lump . 18 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 36 . yona completely ignore the curious stare from the crowd and concentrate on dress . she seem totally out of it ; carelessly yawn , then burp . curtis consider she . curtis she 's a addict , too ? int . prison section - gate close up of yona 's strange , dreamy eye . yona ’'s Pov : namgoong manipulate complicated machinery inside a wall panel with spider - dance finger . the steel Gate be flanke by the rebel Army , ready to jump as soon as it open . yona suddenly grin a little and mumble : yona nobody there . curtis nobody ...? yona put she hand out and shout clearly in English : yona no chronole , no open ! curtis hand yona two lump of chronole , while keep he eye on namgoong . swoosh - the hydraulic gate open . Edgar and the Army , weapon out , flood into the next section to find it totally empty . deflate , they move gingerly into the forward section . curtis regards yona suspiciously ... curtis how do you know ...? yona rush to namgoong with she prize - chronole . namgoong , hold a lump in each hand , clap and rub they together with furious speed . the chronole crumble to dust which namgoong continuously and eagerly sniff . yona , next to he , stamp she foot repeatedly wait for she turn until nam pass the chronole to she . sniff , sniff ... druggy . curtis shake he head and turn back to he Army . curtis ( cont 'd ) forward ! move ! edgar forward ! move ! 19 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 37 . int . guard section Edgar and the Army advance , repeat after curtis . gilliam and grey bring up the rear . namgoong and yona , playfully kick each other , move into a corner to sniff chronole . Edgar break the silence : edgar where the fuck be everybody ? edgar 's Pov : the prison Guards have leave in a rush . the floor be strewn with shield and club . painter ( 0.s. ) this can not be a window , can it ? at that moment , the train move out of a tunnel , and the wall on the side be reveal to be window . Dazzling sunlight pour into the section through the wide window . the rebel Army be regaled with a sight that none of they have witness for seventeen year : a mind - blow vista of freeze snowscape , that seem to stretch to eternity . everyone be freeze in place , mouth open , eye wide open in amazement . edgar fuck I . painter oh my God , it 's so ... so ... beautiful . tanya so huge ... gilliam be the only one who do not look like a deer catch in the headlight . gilliam -+- and still cold . the train race through the freeze snow plain . then , a long abandon train station in a small town can be see - on a platform be pile of corpse , freeze to death in the middle of a fierce struggle to get on the train to survive . gilliam ( cont ’d ) Dead . all dead . the long -frozen landscape of the small town rush past - overturn car freeze in place , helicopter suspend where they crash . a doomsday landscape preserve in the exact state of they final moment , flicker past without end ... 20 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 38 . curtis be mesmerize but he pull himself back from he trance - he shake he head violently to re-focus . he look away . he poke , prod and pull at he Army . curtis enough ! we do not come for this . everyone focus ! keep move ! edgar keep move ! everyone tear themselves away from the endlessly unfold snowscape to look forward once again . painter pull out he sketchbook and furiously capture what he have see . namgoong open a small panel on the floor by the next Gate . yona once again open she palm to curtis . yona no chronole , no open ! curtis ( hand out the lump ) how do you know there be not anybody in here ? yona do not acknowledge curtis . like a zoo monkey with a banana , she snatch away the lump of chronole and hastily retreat . namgoong 's effort produce a bright spark . yona suddenly straighten up - she head cocked to one side as she look at the Gate . yona come this way ... he 's run ...?? curtis ( not understanding ) 2 ?! swoooosh - a heavier sound this time as the steel Gate open . everyone wait anxiously as curtis step into : int . protein block manufacactur section high -speed cam : a slow motion image of paul , a man in a white chef 's uniform , run toward the bewilder Army . curtis Paul ? Paul jump up and grab a ceiling pipe . hanging down , he grunt and swing , turn one of the valve in a weird way . edgar Paul ! * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 39 . Paul , barely acknowledge and bow he head carelessly , jump down with a boom and breathlessly run off to tend a big machine resembling a fertilizer manufacturing device . edgar ( cont 'd ) Paul , man ! I do not believe it ! how many year have it be since they drag you ...? paul give I a second . it use to work automatically ... Paul run and jump up onto another pipe . grunting , he turn a valve , twitching like a pig in a butcher shop . curtis and Edgar move to he as he drop to the floor . curtis what be you do ? paul ( embarrassed ) the part go extinct so I have to do this manually ... edgar do what ? Paul hurry away to another valve which he turn once and - whoosh - the machine kick in and begin spitting out protein block from its mouth . the Army gather around the machine watch with curiosity and affection . tanya ah ha - so that 's how it 's make ... painter flip the sketchbook page from frozen landscape to a blank page to draw the machine as he circle it . behind , he discover a black powdery substance - the raw material for the protein block - pass through a thick glass tube . curtis pull Paul aside from the machine and the other . curtis so you be the informant ? paul what ? hey !! Paul see painter climb to a platform to look inside the tank feed the glass tube . he run after he . paul ( cont 'd ) no ! no - get away from there . painter pull back a hatch on top of the tank and look inside just as Paul arrive to shove he aside ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 40 . painter yecch ! painter bend over , ready to throw up . curtis look inside the tank . curtis curtis 's Pov : the tank be full of million of cockroach , interlocked in a hellish vision of crawl , squirming movement . they seem to be cannibalize one another . crushed body part be visible . the cockroach be feed into a grinder that turn they to black powder . painter all this time , we have be eat ...? paul I eat they , too , you know ... every single day ... curtis ( to painter ) you can not draw this . painter nod , still gag , as he rip the page from he sketchbook and tear it up . angle - the Army eat fresh protein block spew from the machine 's output belt . Tanya , she mouth full , shove block into she pocket . tanya oh my God , oh my God , they be still hot . mmmm - fresh , yummy ... painter , watch this , now vomit . curtis ( look at Tanya ) this be the last time . we will never have to eat that shit again . paul what else would they ...? curtis we be go to the front - come with we Paul . join we . paul the front ? no - my place be here . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , curtis here - make that ? fuck that . come with we - we will change everything . ( Paul shake he head ) be not that why you have be send we the Red letter ? paul oh - this ? ( he take a metal capsule from he pocket ) I do not write they . I just send they on . curtis you do not ...? curtis snatch the capsule and open it as he come back down the ladder . gilliam move to join curtis . gilliam Red letter , lad ? on red letter : '' W a T E R '' curtis .-- Water ? gilliam the Water supply section ? paul it 's only a few car away . that 's where the water be cleanse and recycle . gilliam it 's one of the most crucial section in the train ... curtis if we seize it - we will have the upper hand , yes ? gilliam we will not even have to get all the way to the front . we control the water , we control the negotiation . gilliam shrug . curtis 's eye be ablaze as he look ahead at the next Gate . * 21 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 42 . int . gate - protein block manufacactur section / abandoned section namgoong work on a complicated panel , he eye vaguely unfocus . he frown - thing be not go he way . he switch wire around but nothing happen . edgar ( frustrated ) come on already ! you be keep we wait ? namgoong look around , not a bit flustered , push the sensor portion of the translator against he lower neck . namgoong be I ? edgar that 's right . you have be suck on chronole so much , you brain be probably protein gruel by now ! namgoong hey , chronole be the only reason I '' do this shit . edgar that stuff 's the reason you be such a head case , man ! namgoong you be the one who give I the stuff every time I open the gate . edgar that 's the condition for open the gate ! namgoong so that 's what I be do , try to open the gate . while this surreal verbal sparring through the electronic sound of the translator machine be go on , everyone with weapon in they hand be get tired , wait in front of the door . curtis yona ? yona : '' what do you want ? '' curtis ( cont 'd ) how old be you ? yona seventeen . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 43 . curtis you be a train baby , then ? yona hee hee . it 's be rattling like this all my life . ' Bout you ? curtis I live in New York for seventeen year . then the tail section seventeen year . yona 34 . you be old . what be New York like ? curtis not that different from the tail section . crowd and dirty . yona so you whole life have be crowded and dirty . curtis yeah , pretty much . in New York , I be drift around like a lose turd . yona and now ? curtis I be different now . yona how ? curtis now I know where I be go . yona where ? curtis to the front . yona mmm . . curtis hey , yona . be you bear clairvoyant ? yona Clair ... what 's that ? CUT to : * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 44 . curtis and yona stand in front of the gate . curtis can you see what 's beyond this gate ? do you see anything ? yona I see sound . ( he do not understand ) I can even see the sound of snow fall outside ... yona lapse into silence - listen . she suddenly contort she face in fear . curtis what be it ? yona ( quietly ) do not open it ... yona , deathly pale , jump up and scream shrilly at namgoong . yona ( cont 'd ) lock the gate !!! everyone be stunne by she unexpected scream which come too late : whoosh - the steel Gate open and heavily armored Soldiers carry hand - axe flow in . curtis ( rise and shouting ) team 1 and 2 forward ! edgar team 1 ...! Edgar 's command be drown out as the Army rise up with a roar and steel rod . clash - axe blade clash against steel rod - spark fly ! body and blade clash and slice . the axe blade cut swath of silver in the air and push back the Army . grey stand protectively in front of gilliam . curtis move yona back , hand she to the retreate namgoong . he join the battle swinging a big metal bat down on a soldier . he snatch the soldier 's fall hand - axe and kill he . splash - blood be shower on curtis ' face . he do not hesitate : eye burn with savage bloodlust , he swing and swing he newfound weapon . sunlight pour through the window . the sweat and blood on the galvanize body shine like jewel . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 45 . the scream , shout and grunt gradually dwindle replace by the cold metallic clanging of axe-blade strike steel and the rattling of the train . Arabic man fight a soldier with one hand while stuff he face with a hoard protein block with the other . fuyu enter with he atlas and a bullhorn . he consult he atlas , then he wristwatch and nod to a attendant who sound a enormous horn - waaaaa . fuyu lift the bullhorn . fuyu ( beep from the bullhorn ) pass yekaterina Bridge ! curtis and the soldier he be fight stop and peek outside the window . it dawns on everybody what be happen . Soldiers and Army alike , breathe hard , stop fight and drop they weapon to look out the window . edgar yekaterina Bridge ? it 's be a year , already ? fuyu ten second to yekaterina Bridge ! ten , nine ... everyone join in the countdown in a babel of language : all eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one ! fuyu ( loudly , through bullhorn ) happy New Year ! soldier happy New Year ! edgar ( abruptly shouting ) fuck it , I hate get old ... fuyu lead the officer chant Buddhist - like prayer . fuyu youkiguni dai zohachine , engine yo aei en no . ( the 18th year of the snow piercer , engine be forever ! ) officer ( like chorus ) engine yo aei en no ! wilford Ban zai ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 46 . curtis and Army stare at this ceremony , uncomprehend . fuyu everybody down ! Edgar drop face down on the floor . everybody follow suit . a soldier with a peculiar helmet pray . fuyu ( cont 'd ) ( in french ) everybody down ! ( in japanese ) everybody down ! curtis get down ! watch you tongue ! clamp you tooth ! everyone get down except fuyu who walk to the window and curtis who , kneel , glue he face to the window - pane . curtis 's Pov : as the train make a stiff turn , the engine car can be see - ridiculously far away . it 's silver , sleek round , bullet - shape nose race along the freeze landscape . curtis ( cont 'd ) wilford ... the nose transform into a sharp arrow-heade lance to pierce the unseen snow and ice ahead . the front section race onto a precarious - look bridge over a vast valley of freeze ice field . it be god-know - how many hundred of foot down to the valley floor in a descent almost totally vertical . fuyu 's Pov : massive white boulder of snow and ice block the path of the rapidly approach engine - closer and closer ... fuyu impact ! curtis flatten beside Edgar . the train shake like a submarine hit directly by a torpedo . everybody scream and try to grab something to keep they from fly away . the wheel jump into thin air for a half - second then smash down on the rail amidst a rain of spark . the train slowly regains its stable rhythm . people sigh in relief . fuyu ( cont 'd ) not yet ! a second one ! curtis hold on ! once again , the train crash into a large block of snow , shaking violently from the impact . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 47 . angle - Soldiers and rebel Army crouch low on the floor . Beyond they - yona and namgoong stand straight up with chronole hold to they nose . Edgar see they and shout : edgar hey ! get down on the floor ! namgoong crouch down as if to follow Edgar 's advice but , instead , hoist yona up on he shoulder . High on chronole , he walk unsteadily towards the window as yona laugh . edgar ( cont 'd ) that guy do not follow the rule ... curtis he 's crazy - we have to watch out for he . namgoong and yona press they nose to the glass , they look down at the dizzying depth below . yona wow ! namgoong sure enough , a thrill that come once a year ... namgoong 's Pov : a dizzying glimpse of a gorge down below . yona , either from the drug or the view , squeal in delight . fuyu yukino katamarida ~ ! the train smashes through snow boulder - white , crystalline fragment slide off into the valley , so far down they get lose in the white . lurching wildly , the train shake leave and right , up and down ... tumble , the people roll and crash into each other . with yona on namgoong 's shoulder , the two become even more excited and shout loudly . namgoong / yona aaaaaaaaahhhhhh ! the wheel of the train shake so wildly that it seem it be about to derail , but finally they take a precarious hold on the track and become stable . fuyu pull himself upright and , carefully look out towards the front of the train , pronounce : fuyu safe passage ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 48 . the train move off the perilous bridge onto solid ground . everyone - Soldiers and Army alike - rise and cheer ; people cross themselves , other embrace , some resume chant : officer engine yo aei en no ! wilford Ban zai ! edgar we make it ! curtis brandish he axe in a fearsome gesture . Edgar and Arabic man , flanking curtis , raise they weapon . clash - the two side form up and the battle resume ! suddenly , a spear fly in from out of nowhere and pierce Arabic man 's chest . as he fall , another heavy spear fly through the air towards curtis . at the last moment , curtis deflect the spear with he axe blade . everyone turn and look in the direction from which the spear come : the franco Brothers . with expressionless face , the brother advance . directly behind , mason appear . in this strange lull in the fight , mason walk forward with a hard expression and a microphone . his cold voice issue from the speaker : mason happy yekaterina Bridge , you filthy ingrates ! the blood -spatter face of curtis and Edgar , and behind they gilliam , turn towards mason . mason ( cont ’d ) you people , who if not for the benevolent wilford , would have freeze solid 18 year ago today ! you people , who have suck on the generous tit of wilford for food and shelter ! and now ... you pathetic stowaways , you repay he kindness with violent hooliganism ? curtis mason you people ... ( check memo ) .+- precisely 74 % of you shall die ! curtis fuck you ! it be you who be go to die ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 49 . curtis ' hand - axe , whistling through the air , somersault toward mason 's head but be intercept by franco the elder 's iron club with a loud clang . mason regards curtis , half - insane with rage , with a preternatural calm . mason my friend - you suffer the misplace optimism of the doom . mason nod to fuyu who come forward open a large canvas bag : inside be weird - look glass . close - up reveal they to be infrared goggle . curtis ? the franco Brothers and the Soldiers fit themselves with the goggle . mason follow suit . mason I will watch from here . Edgar and the Army stare uncomprehendingly . namgoong ( in Korean ) you guy be fuck . curtis ( put the interpreter earphone in ) what do you say ? curtis turn to see : namgoong , hold a pull off panel , * squeezing yona into the gap in the wall . * namgoong you tail section hick . there 's no way you could know there 's a tunnel right after yekaterina Bridge . curtis a tunnel ? namgoong that 's right . a fuck long one . namgoong swiftly put the panel back on the wall over yona 's * confuse face . * namgoong ( cont ’d ) ( after take a deep * breath ) * run , idiot ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 50 . the light go off one by one until the train enter the tunnel . we be plunge into darkness . Soldiers , in frog - like goggle , flash as green after-image , then be go . hmmmmm - a low hum be hear . * a soldier be Pov : everything be awash in sickly green : the rebel move frantically about , run into wall and each other . the franco Brothers and Soldiers charge at they . * scream and shout emanate from every corner . a soldier creep up next to a Army fighter entangle with another * soldier and lift he hand - axe slowly above the fighter 's head , grin . franco the younger aim he spear at another warrior who swing he steel pipe blindly and desperately , without aim . franco the younger push and pull the tip of he spear close to the latter 's face , have sadistic fun with it . curtis Light ! we need light ! edgar ( feel he way along the wall ) Light ! curtis nam ! can you turn the light back on !? namgoong * no ... * namgoong be already run as fast as he can to the back , * push and step over people . horrible sound of bone * break , vein burst , flesh tear and the skin-crawl sound of metal on metal fill the place . * fuyu follow close on the heel of the franco brother , click a counter as each man fall down dead . he seem to be smile but , incongruously , he eye behind the goggle * be full of tear . fuyu nana , hachi ... mason , like a school principal inspect a child 's exercise , watch calmly . curtis ' face show despair for the first time , as the body of he Army pile up . then , suddenly remember : insert - ( from scene # 17 ) image of namgoong drop the * matchbook on the floor and Chan snatching it up . 22 23 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 51 . curtis Chan ! chan ! we need fire ! edgar Chan ? curtis to the rear ! Chan ! we need fire ! edgar Chan ! FIRE ! pass it on !! the call be take up and relay back through the section . some do not even know what it mean : '' Chan ! '' '' Fire ! '' int . tail section - tent Chan , crouching by gilliam 's tent , hear he name echo back to he . he get up , wonder ; then he hear , '' FIRE ! '' he frantically reach into he pocket to find the matchbook . he open it - three match remain - and pluck a match . pffft - a tiny flame light up the consume darkness , reflect on he face . he tear a piece of fabric of the tent and ignites it with the burn match . he wrap the burn cloth on a stick to make a torch . curtis , far away , close he eye and speak calmly : curtis .-- run! Chan run ! int . train section - continuous Chan run faster and faster , shaking and twist , panting and swinging the torch , get faster and faster . a adult hand grab the torch from Chan . it 's Andrew . nake to the waist , he fly like a bat out of hell , hold the flame aloft like a Olympic torch . the stump of the severe arm shake violently , draw small half - circle in the air . the scream and shout from the bloody battle grow louder as the torch move forward . suddenly , Andrew 's foot - only one with a shoe - get tangle and he fall down ! someone with the grace and speed of a tiger shark snatch the torch from Andrew 's hand - and illuminate he inscrutable face : grey. 24 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 52 . int . abandoned section soldier' infrare Pov : a bright white spot grow larger as it get closer . grey , Andrew , Chan and dozen follow they , bear torch . in a instant , the field of vision be awash with a explode nova , blind the soldier . the soldier , with a yelp , throw off the goggle . grey 's fist , like a supersonic piston , hit he face . he stagger back and curtis ' hand - axe bury itself deeply in he shoulder . soldier aaaaah ! the survive rebel remove they shirt to use as impromptu torch . Burning with bloodlust , they attack . curtis swing he hand - axe , drop Soldiers leave and right . he see fuyu and mason far away over the Soldiers : grey , jump from head to head of Soldiers , land on fuyu 's back . he put the dagger on fuyu 's throat and stick he forearm in fuyu 's face - '' surrender . '' grey quickly show fuyu he other forearm : '' die . '' fuyu , frighten , shout with absurdly clear diction : fuyu surrender ! everyone stop and turn they attention to grey and fuyu . fuyu ( cont 'd ) surrender ! he will kill I if we do not surrender ! fuyu 's desperate eye plead with mason . mason shrug : '' so what ? '' fuyu , disappointed , mumble : fuyu ( cont 'd ) anatawa hontoni ganbekki desune ... grey slashes he throat in a instant and leap towards mason . franco the elder block he path . franco and grey engage in a spectacular fight - to - the-death battle . mason slink towards the forward section . grey , while fight off franco the elder , find a split-second to throw he dagger at mason , hit he in the thigh . mason aaaaah . mason stumble . his short aide -de - camp help mason up as curtis charge shaking off Soldiers who try to block he like raindrop on a wet dog . franco the elder be unable to break away from grey and stop curtis . curtis be just about to capture mason alive ... snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 53 . edgar ( 0.s. ) curtis !! curtis come to a full stop and turn to Edgar 's voice : Edgar , pale and tremble , be hold by franco the younger from behind , with a knife blade a millimeter from he throat . curtis ' Pov : time slow down . the flame on the nearby torch dance languidly . mason slowly seep out of he vision , like sloshing liquid . franco the younger 's ugly mouth pronounce '' s-u-r-r-e-n-d-e - R '' in slow motion . curtis hesitates one microsecond before turn he back to Edgar . Edgar have a microsecond to register despair in he face , and then franco 's blade puncture a hole in he neck . curtis , hearing Edgar 's final scream , can not look back . instead , kick the aide-de - Camp aside and capture mason - he hand - axe blade touch mason 's pale throat . curtis everybody stop ! mason stop ! please , everyone ... curtis ( drag mason to the front ) I say stop ! Soldiers , realize the situation , come to a stop . franco the elder be the last to stop swinging he iron club . curtis ( cont 'd ) Drop you weapon ! curtis look briefly at Edgar - expect to have he command repeat . a flash of anguish cross he face but this be not the time . his anguish be replace by a savage look . at that instant , the train exit the tunnel . everyone instinctively shield they eye , squinting . curtis ( cont 'd ) Drop you weapon , I say ! curtis push the axe-blade into the skin of mason 's throat . bead of blood be draw . mason do it ! for cry out loud - do what he say ! Soldiers drop they weapon one by one . finally , the franco Brothers dump they club reluctantly on the floor . the rebel snap into action . with no cheer of triumph this time , they silently make sure this monster be bound tight . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 54 . curtis make sure they be tie together ! there be no one to repeat he word : Edgar be go . the soldier be tie together like bulb on a Christmas tree and strung along a pipe . curtis hold mason firmly make sure he do not gaze at Edgar 's body . he subtly twist he stance so that it lie outside he field of vision . franco the younger stare at curtis ' back as two rebel tie he hand in the back . clank - the panel right behind curtis open . yona poke she head out of she hide place . still not follow what 's be happen , yona step out , stretch she body . all of a sudden , franco the younger explode in a blur - snatching a hand - axe from a rebel and lung at curtis ' head . everyone catch this moment google - eye , unable to move ... except yona who stomp on a spear lie across a dead body . the spear leap up , lever by the body , and plunge through franco the younger 's side belly like a knife through butter . franco the younger aahhh ! yona fall backwards on she butt . he be skewer straight through - two foot of spear stick out each side . he fall and - thud - land face up , he eye still open , at yona 's side . franco the elder ( pupil dilate ) franco the younger , face contort with pain , jut out a bloody hand and grab yona 's face . yona look down on he with a surprisingly calm gaze . Far from the rear , namgoong run toward yona , push people away . he violently kick franco 's bloody hand off yona 's face . yona ’'s Pov : over namgoong 's shoulder wiping blood off she face , on franco the elder 's eye . his cold , vacant eye hold yona 's eye for a long time . curtis finally allow himself to move to Edgar 's body . he kneel and come face - to- face with Edgar - eye and mouth open in a silent scream . curtis 's wet eye shake uncontrollably . gilliam appear out of nowhere and shut Edgar 's eye . everyone watch the scene in silence . gilliam straighten . * * 25 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 55 . gilliam ( quietly ) Survivors clean yourselves . curtis gilliam ( point ) the Water supply section . wash you blood away ... no one move until grey break the line first and enter . on the ceiling be hundred of pipeline . grey follow a pipeline into a large tile room . he turn on a faucet allow the water from a shower head to wash away the grime and blood from he body . the half - naked rebel body appear fragile , amidst tall metal column , illuminate by golden sunlight peek through the grid-work of pipe above . int . water supply section - middle curtis walk through the gigantic water tank and busy network of water pipe and machinery . he walk past namgoong try to get the matchbook back from Chan . curtis keep walk and get to a corner that look like a separate place from the section . angle - in a far corner , mason be bound to a chair , he infrared goggle still hang around he neck . Tanya shove the portrait of Tim and Andy in he face . tanya have you see this kid ? mason tanya where do you take they ? mason I do not know anything about ... Tanya glance sideways to catch a glimpse of a hand - axe swinging towards she - Andrew , enraged , swing at mason as Tanya jump out of the way . mason ( cont 'd ) no ! Andrew deliberately bury the axe in the wall , a inch away from mason 's arm . Tanya grab hold of mason . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 56 . tanya where be they !? tell we ! Andrew shove he axe in mason 's face and show he he severe arm . mason shake with fear . andrew tell we or I x11 cut you fuck arm off ! even short than mine , you bastard ! mason wilford ... wilford know . curtis and gilliam move to observe mason . mason ( cont ’d ) wilford like kid . that 's why Claude bring he ... well ... it 's wilford you want , not I . Tanya and Andrew look at one another , not sure how to continue . break the silence , gilliam step between they . gilliam wilford , that sad man . be he still marry to he god-forsaken engine ? mason the engine be Sacred and wilford Divine ... curtis ( step forward ) send you to die for he , do he ? mason flinch . mason no. wilford be merciful ... curtis call he - see if he will come and save you . mason look to gilliam to stop this nonsense . gilliam shake he head : gilliam call wilford . mason dismiss gilliam as the leader and turn to curtis . mason he will not come here . he will not leave he engine ... snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 57 . curtis we be go to rip you into little piece ... he still will not come ? mason struggle to maintain he composure . curtis ( cont 'd ) we control the water . he ’1ll have to come here if we turn it off . mason turn it off ? you have only be condemn you own people . the water come from the front . the nose break up the snow and ice and convert it to water . curtis mason like a elephant trunk , the water come in the mouth not the asshole , curtis . curtis flinch as mason mention he name . mason ( cont ’d ) you look rather confuse , Mr. curtis Everett . curtis , confuse , stare at mason sharply . mason ( cont ’d ) yes , wilford know you well . he have be watch you . and we know you will not harm you own people , curtis . too bad you could not save you own second in command . what be he name - Edgar ? curtis shut the fuck up ! curtis draw he hand - axe and put it to mason 's throat with a murderous look in he eye . mason curtis ! curtis ! I can help you . curtis you can fuck die be what you can do . mason I can help , I swear I can . wilford will not come to you . you ’1ll have to go to he and I can take you there . ( more ) 26 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 58 . mason ( cont 'd ) I know the train . I can guarantee you safe passage ... curtis why the fuck would I trust you ? mason because I want to live . curtis you would sell out wilford the benevolent ? mason if I take you to the front , you have to kill he . I / x11 get you close enough . kill he and let I live . in stark silence , curtis observe the pathetic mason - reduce to near tear . beat . curtis withdraw the hand - axe . int . water supply section - elsewhere low sing be hear from the neighbor section , a dirge for the fall rebel . gilliam and curtis sit together . gilliam you be still determine to push ahead ? curtis of course . we be only half way . gilliam you have make it farther than anyone else . farther than macgregor four year ago ... curtis ten car , twenty car , it 's all the same thing . it make no difference unless we make it all the way to the front , to the engine . they will just regroup and attack we again . we have to pull they out by the root . gilliam but , so many have be kill . we have lose so many , and so have they . curtis yes , many have die ... we Edgar , too . ( more ) + HH HH + eh * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 59 . curtis ( cont 'd ) that 's why we have to move forward . or else he die for nothing . gilliam what about the rest of we ? have you see we man ? they be exhaust . I tell they to wash up so I could check the damage . curtis nod - sad but unshaken . beat . then , without look at gilliam : curtis let I go ahead . gilliam ( sigh ) curtis let I take the strong one . I have get mason now - I can move more quickly . you stay here with the wounded . Guard we prisoner . when we have win - I will bring you forward to lead we . gilliam ( in a low voice ) do you want to kill wilford that badly ? curtis I want to liberate the tail section . and I want to see the whole train , the whole world run by you ... gilliam ( cut he off ) stop it , curtis . why be you do this ? you know very well that you be already we leader . you have to accept that now . curtis no ... I do not have what it take , not yet ... how can I lead when I still have two good arm and two good leg ? gilliam look at curtis gently , reach out to curtis 's leave arm and roll up the sleeve to see : a old but deep scar . gilliam have not fade much ... * + eh % +e * hf +e * hf % snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 60 . curtis , shameful , avoid gilliam 's hand and pull he sleeve down . gilliam ( cont ’d ) it 's better to have both arm . you can not do much with one , you know . especially when you hold a woman , it 's much better with two arm . would not you agree ? curtis gilliam when you reach the Front , then there 's Alice , too . curtis what ...? gilliam she must be in the Front somewhere . be not you go to look for she ? curtis it 's be too long . I do not think about she anymore . gilliam but , it ’1ll be different when you see she . and two arm will be very useful when you hold Alice again . angle - on curtis 's conflict face . gilliam reach out , curtis instinctively avoid he ; but then remain still as gilliam pat curtis on the cheek . gilliam ( cont ’d ) when you get there - do not let wilford talk . cut out he tongue . curtis open he mouth to form the question that have be elude he but gilliam turn away to grey . gilliam ( cont ’d ) grey - you will go with curtis . grey look at gilliam - '' no , please do not make I '' in he eye . grey can not bear this . gilliam ( cont ’d ) grey , my loyal boy . now you must help curtis . beat . grey nod , reluctant but obedient . he hold up he other hand - '' Goodbye . '' he hhh ok % * * 27 28 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 61 . int . water supply section - gate the music take on the variation of the funeral dirge . mason , hand bound in back and miss a shoe , be lead forward by curtis with grey at he side . Andrew , with mismatch shoe , Tanya , namgoong , and yona follow . painter and the wounded rebel , solemnly watch curtis pass as they stand guard over the capture , bound Soldiers . curtis , reach the Gate , stop to look back at gilliam . gilliam hold out he hand - palm up - in a gesture that say '' go forward . '' curtis nod - goodbye . the other limbless passenger ( from scene 8 ) , stand behind gilliam and wave . yona no chronole ! no open ! curtis jump a little , turn to yona with she hand hold out ; namgoong stand by a wall panel ready to open the Gate . int . greenhouse section whoosh - the Gate open to reveal bright sunlight . even the ceiling be make of a special kind of glass . full of vegetation and plant , this section be ludicrously clean ; everything be a pleasant , mind - cleanse green . curtis and he rag-tag Army enter slack - jaw at the vision . tender in white lab coat , be equally surprised to see mason bound and push forward . tender 1 Mr. Minister !? mason ( feign normalcy ) do not mind I . back to work , everyone , back to work . curtis rapidly pass the tender to pluck a ripe tomato from the overgrown shrubbery . he bite into it , sloppily taste the red juice and pulp . turn around , he see Tanya and Andrew eat tomato as well . tender become agitate but mason assure they : mason ( cont ’d ) no - no - they be friendly . they will not bite . well , they 's 1ll bite the tomato ...ha! namgoong reach into the tomato plant but pull out a fistful of black soil . he push it in front of yona 's face . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 62 . yona you eat this too ? namgoong touch it . you have never feel it before ? namgoong hand the soil to yona who be unimpress and displease . she look carefully into the clump and notice something tiny move in it : a small worm . yona yeah , well , it 's gross . namgoong you grow up in this train so you do not know . dad use to tread on real soil all the time . yona why would you walk on this gross stuff ? namgoong C ’mon , it 's good stuff . the earth be cover with soil . yona ( not pay attention ) like hell . it 's all snow and ice . namgoong ( look outside the window ) below snow and ice be soil . everywhere you go . flash - namgoong be distract by something outside through the window . he press he face to the window and stare at - nothing . he look and look ... he turn back to yona . namgoong ( cont ’d ) do you see ...? yona wow ! look ! yona run to the open gate . through the gate we see : 29 int . aquarium section a huge aquarium with large fish , a turtle and a rayfish swim in blue water with bubbles . yona run , excited , into the section with joy . mason be shove forward - like a shield . curtis and the other enter , flabbergasted to see the aquarium . 30 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 63 . front section passengers do a double take , see the armed and rag curtis and he entourage , and move quickly away . mason , to diffuse awkwardness , turn to speak to curtis . mason do any of you feel like sushi ? curtis tanya Sushi ? Hell , yea . line that shit up . int . aquarium section - sushi bar at the small sushi bar attach to the aquarium , a pitch black african chef make sushi out of the fresh fish . mason , he hand tie to the front , sit at the bar with curtis , Andrew , grey , namgoong , yona and Tanya , salivate . mason you people be very lucky . this be serve only twice in a year , in March and September . tanya why ? not enough fish ? mason '' enough '' be the wrong criterion . Balance . you see , this aquarium be a close ecological system . the number of individual unit must be control very precisely to maintain the proper sustainable balance . while mason give he lecture , sushi plate be laid : Tanya and Andrew eat with gusto ; grey gingerly peel the fish from the rice before eat ; namgoong use chopstick skillfully ; yona , puzzle see sushi for the first time , sniff hers and make a face . rachmaninoff 's piano prelude play in b.g. everyone silently eat while watch the white snowy vista of a freeze port city unfold outside : no one seem too surprised by the peculiar sight of large vessel topple in the freeze sea . mason attempt to eat sushi with tie hand . curtis shove a protein block under mason 's nose . curtis no - you eat this . you know what this be make of ? * 31 32 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 64 . mason curtis just crap . eat it - every last scrap . mason , freeze , stare at the protein block with a blank face . suddenly , Tanya reach over and snare mason 's sushi and gobbles it up . int . abattoir section curtis push mason forward - he look green , ready to vomit - into this section awash in red : row and row of scarlet , skinned animal - curiously indistinct in term of shape - be suspend from the hook . bizarrely , a mother and boy be sightseeing , the mother explain what meat be . as curtis and he Army pass , the Boy recoil , wrinkle he nose . mother hustle Boy away as the Army proceed in awe -struck silence to the next Gate . mason curtis , my friend , can we do without the restraint ? just for this next section ? curtis I be not you friend and why would I ...? mason for the sake of education . curtis : '' 2 ? '' int . school section whoosh - the shout and clamor of child play pour out . the child be reveal disguise in colorful art and craft mask . above the cacophony , we hear the near - hysterical shout of teacher , a young adult woman . teacher quiet ! Children ! oh ! ( notice the arrival of mason and the Army ) Minister mason ?! the child fall quiet , turn they mask face to the tail section rebel . mason , conceal he bound hand behind he back , pretend to be in charge . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 65 . mason good morning child . I be pleased to present guest from the tail section ... mason exchange a look with teacher - '' I be fuck but please play along ... '' teacher yes . yes ! guest ! what do we say to tail section guest , child ? child ( sing -songy ) good Morning tail section guest ... before the child can finish , Tanya and Andrew fall upon they , rush from child to child unmask they to find they son . Tanya zeroe in on a child with black arm and rip the mask off to reveal a small black girl . tanya ( show the portrait ) have you see this boy ? his name be timmy . the shocked Black girl , frighten , shake she head and burst into tear . andrew this be my son . take a good look at the picture ! the child be unfocus , lose in they own excitement , shouting and make noise . a white kid jump up with a hand raise . kid I see they ! the Children fall silent as Tanya rush to the kid . tanya when ? where ? the kid regards Tanya and Andrew with interest , then speak slowly , point to the rear Gate : kid come through there ... ( then the Front Gate ) go through there . Tanya and Andrew wait : '' be that all ? '' tanya be they cry ? snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 66 . kid no ... but they look like they want to . Tanya burst into tear and suddenly hug the kid . kid be overwhelm by she body odor and hold he nose , roll he eye . the other kid break out in laughter . Andrew , weep , gently pat Tanya 's back . ylfa ( 8 ) a sweet little girl with blond pigtail wave she hand at teacher . she jump up without be acknowledge ... ylfa I hear all tail sectioner be lazy dog who sleep all day in they own shit . teacher ( embarrassed ) ylfa ! mason no - they be very nice and they be very just and merciful . so it be . ( to teacher : ) please do not let we interrupt ... teacher we be just about to show a video . teacher herd the child back to they seat as curtis round up the bereft Tanya and Andrew to move on . video narrator ( v.o. ) the great Pioneer ! curtis turn to the sound - a large tv monitor come to life with a burst of theme music and a big splash of logo : wilford enterprise . wilford 's face come up - curiously , it be digitally blurred . curtis wilford ? video narrator the wilford Story - the first 82 year . the rebel be transfix by the image . the Children squirm - they have see this before and be bored . video narrator ( cont ’d ) from a very young age , Mr. wilford 's love of locomotive be apparent ... snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 67 . on monitor : 8 mm home-movie footage of wilford ( 6 ) play with a bright Red toy engine . he make '' choo choo '' noise , then hold the engine up and shout in a cute voice . wilford when I grow up , I want to live ina train . forever ! video narrator his early dream be realize when he found he own transportation empire - the wilford enterprise . wilford ( about 40 ) , face blurred , stand in front of a massive building bear he name . video narrator ( cont ’d ) but he great dream be to construct a luxury locomotive ' cruise ' line connect the railway of the entire world into one ! a world map show railway line snake across and connect into one tremendous circle , like a ouroboros worm eat its own tail . video narrator ( cont ’d ) a circular railway that extend for 438,000 kilometer and complete one circle every year . impervious to the extreme cold of the Arctic and the scorching heat of the African desert ... the train run through various landscape , from a desert to a snow - bound plain to a jungle , show in rapid montage . video narrator ( cont ’d ) wilford 's Miracle train be self - sustain and possess the most sophisticated design and advanced technology know to man . wilford ( 60 ) , face blurred , shake hand with engineer and corporate head . namgoong minsoo , 20 year young in a '' kyungnam Engineering '' uniform , be glimpse briefly . namgoong poke yona but she miss the moment , yawn . curtis stare intently at the screen try to decipher the digital blur of wilford 's image as teacher stop the video with a remote . the screen be cover with a pause sign . teacher as hard as it be to believe , people in the Old World make fun of Mr. wilford . ( more ) snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 68 . teacher ( cont 'd ) they criticize he for over - engineering and over- equip this wonderful train . but wilford know something they do not . and what be that ? several Children raise they hand . teacher be about to acknowledge one when ylfa jump up . ylfa Old World people be frigging moron who get turn into popsicle ! teacher well , sort of . Mr. wilford know that CW - 7 would freeze the world . so what do the prophetic Mr. wilford invent to protect the choose from that calamity ? child ( in a chorus ) the engine ! curtis and the other watch , bewilder , as teacher strike a chord on a small organ . the Children suddenly jump to they foot startling rebel who , think they be under attack , pull they weapon . girl boy ( sing ) ( sing ) rumble rumble rattle rattle child ( cont ’d ) it will never die ! curtis gesture for the rebel to lower they weapon . mason smile broadly , he foot tapping away . teacher play along though some key no longer work . teacher ( sing ) what happen if the engine stop ? child we all freeze and die . girl boy but will it stop ? no! girl boy oh will it stop ? no! teacher can you tell we why ? snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 69 . boy girl the engine be eternal ! yes ! boy girl the engine be forever ! yes ! boy girl rumble rumble rattle rattle teacher ( cont ’d ) who be the reason why ? girl boy wilford ! yea ! boy girl wilford ! yea ! teacher /mason wilford ! wilford ! all hip hooray ! mason join in the cheer at the end . curtis , no longer able to stomach this nonsense , give he a violent push . hoooot - a whistle from the far off front blow . Children run to the window . the rebel be again bewilder . teacher do not push there 's plenty of room . who can tell I what come after yekaterina Bridge ? kid ( shouting out : ) the frozen Seven ! the Children , truly excited , press against the window . namgoong , surprisingly follow suit , drag yona to look at a expansive blind whiteness . teacher pay attention . this tableau will surely be on the exam ! curtis and the rebel wander over behind the child . teacher ( cont ’d ) Fifteen year ago , in the 3rd year of the train , seven passenger ... ( get incredibly excited ) try to stop wilford 's Miracle train ! ( visibly calm down ) and what do we call this event , magdalena ? snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 70 . magdalena the revolt of the Seven . teacher very good - long before you be bear . but of course , they fail to stop the train . instead , they jump out of the run train . here they come now . namgoong you look too . yona why ? a huge hill come into view . and on the back of the hill , seven snowman - shape white lump be clearly visible . yona regards the frozen Seven with curiosity . teacher there they be . that 's how far they make it . what happen to they , sergio ? sergio they froze and die . teacher ( excited ) so , everyone ! if we ever go outside the train ? child we would freeze and die ! teacher if the engine stop run ? child we would all die ! teacher who take care of the Sacred engine ? child Sir wilford ! teacher because all life be here - aboard the train , within the great embrace of Sir wilford . and nothing can live outside the train . ray reflect on the hill illuminate she and namgoong 's face . the white sun - snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 71 . namgoong see the person at the very front ... she be the leader of the seven ... yona she? namgoong yeah ... she be a may in the Front Guest section ... yona you know she ? namgoong gana . she be inuit . a eskimo . she teach I about different kind of snow , ice , constellation and aurora . her name mean fall snow . gana . yona gana . namgoong she believe she could survive outside the train . I do not believe she . so I stay in the train . yona look at the lead freeze figure ... namgoong transfix by the sight of the frozen Seven recede into the distance . yona 's ear perk up at approach sound - too late ... whoosh - the front gate open . the rebel whirl around , draw they weapon only to find a single , bald asian man enter . egg -head , he head shape like a egg , push a cart full of basket of white egg . teacher herd the child towards Egg - head 's cart . teacher look child ! it 's the New Year egg from Mr. wilford ! the Children cheer and surround Egg -head and he full basket of hard boil egg colorfully decorate with the number 18 in various alphabet : Arabic , Hebrew , chinese , etc . teacher ( cont ’d ) New beginning ! New life ! Egg -head hand out a big basket full of boil egg to teacher who hand they out to the Children . Tanya push she way to the front of the line . 33 34 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 72 . teacher ( cont ’d ) this egg be boil in water heat by the Sacred engine itself . see ? they be still warm . Egg -head give a egg to curtis and push he cart out the back Gate . teacher ( cont ’d ) as a special treat , play for we today be world - renowned first chair violinist of the Boston symphony orchestra , Mr. Gerald mcinster ! Gerald , in old formal attire , enter ( he be the one drag off in scene # 3 ) . he play a violin with only one string : bach 's '' aria in G string . '' on tv monitor : '' pause '' give way to cctv video footage of Egg - head pass out egg in the abattoir and Aquarium section . video narrator ( v.o. ) «+- join live coverage of the 18th annual Egg Festival ... as Children listen to the beautiful ( if incomplete ) violin , curtis hold he egg as if he be make contact with wilford . Tanya smack the egg onto ylfa 's head to crack it open . tanya ( peel the egg ) let 's go , curtis . to the Front . curtis cut she off . his attention be rivete on he egg . tanya ( cont 'd ) I will eat that if you be not . curtis locate a pinhole at the bottom of the egg . he pull the egg apart and a small metal capsule fall out . int . water supply section egg -head 's Pov : as the gate open with a rumble , he come face - to- face with painter and the tail section Guards . they look at Egg - head 's smile face suspiciously . int . school section curtis unroll the Red letter : '' B L o o D '' SNAP - the last remain violin string break and the music stop . the snap string cut Gerald 's cheek , draw blood . curtis , overcome with dread , look at the monitor : 35 36 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 73. on monitor : Egg - head step through the Gate bear a egg . int . water supply section - entrance painter look at the egg in he hand and mumble : painter I think the chicken be extinct . egg-head rumor . you know , there be many thing on board that be rumor to be extinct . painter such as ? Egg -head reach beneath the egg and pull out a sub-machine gun ! egg-head this . painter raise he sketch pad like a shield . on sketch pad : drawing of curtis stand atop the protein block cart heroically lead the charge ; in the draw , painter himself be see by the side , sketching ... blam - blam - blam - the sub-machine gun blast fire tear apart the draw and , as it drop , we see painter , riddled with bullet hole . he fall . int . school section curtis watch the monitor in horror as rebel Guards be cut down by the machine gun fire . curtis nol ! teacher pull a handgun and a magazine from she basket . teacher duck ! mason dive for cover as teacher open fire . blam - Andrew , just behind curtis , be shot through the head . the child scream and run to find cover . blam - blam - teacher swing the gun to aim at curtis . grey , push Tanya out of the way , pitch the dagger at teacher bury it in she throat . she drop the gun and it skitter away . the child 's shrill scream continue . 37 38 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 74 . teacher , stunne , reach for she throat and yank the dagger out . blood run crimson down she neck from the dagger 's hole . as curtis approach she , she snatch up ylfa and hold she as a human shield - place the dagger against ylfa 's throat ... teacher ( cont 'd ) ( rasp through a puncture larynx ) stay back . do not make I ... but she run out of breath and faint . teacher fall to the floor ; the dagger in she hand pierce she heart . mason quickly lunge for the fall gun but curtis kick he down . curtis take up the gun and smashes he with it on the head . blood gush out from mason 's head . Tanya cry out , hold Andrew 's dead body in she arm . int . water supply section Egg -head easily dodge fly hand - axe as he move forward fire . rebel Guards fall in he wake , cover in blood . in he non-shoot hand , Egg - head click a counter . Egg -head aim at the rope bind the Soldiers . freed Soldiers run to they comrade and untie they . a soldier kick over the cart . egg roll everywhere . under the cart be more sub-machine gun and magazine . Soldiers quickly pick up weapon and fire : flame jump from the gun , staccato ear-splitt sound of gunshot , scream of the Guards as they be punch full of red hole ! painter lie on the floor bleed . a egg roll in front of he and he softly pick it up . crunch - he barely take a bite as he breath run out . click -click -click - egg-head 's thumb on the counter . Guards run wildly in retreat towards the back of the section . int . school section curtis ' attention be rivete on the huge monitor . grey slide up beside he , he eye on the screen . on monitor : in grimy , low-resolution the Water supply section appear as a wasteland . a old man be drag out from the back of the section by two Soldiers . it be gilliam . curtis and grey turn deathly pale . curtis hold he breath . on monitor : Soldiers , aware of the camera 's position , force gilliam to kneel face it . one pull he head up . * 39 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 75 . gilliam look into the camera - calm , compose , resign - he reach out he one arm . curtis be about to run toward the rear gate but cannot take he eye off gilliam . grey move to the monitor as if he could climb into it . on monitor : Arm extend , gilliam turn he palm up - he mouth '' I be sorry . " franco the elder enter the frame . he aim a pistol at the back of gilliam 's head and pull the trigger . curtis no !!! grey scream silently . he reach out to touch the monitor . on monitor : gilliam gently tumble to the ground . franco the elder look up at the camera . yona look back at franco 's empty gaze . her face turn pale in fear and outrage . grey slump to the floor . he pull out the steal child 's mask and put it on he face to hide he tear . the mask be incongruously , a sunny , happy face . curtis ' face go blank - he be freeze , stare at the monitor that now fizze out to snowy static . Tanya release Andrew and stand before curtis . beat . she slap he . tanya curtis ! come on ! you have to lead we . curtis snap out of it . he pull the handgun from he belt and stride towards the fall , bleed mason . mason it be not I ! I do not give the order ! I swear ... curtis place the barrel of the gun to mason 's forehead and pull the trigger . blam - curtis stride to the desk and snatch up a magazine from the basket . he reload the handgun . curtis we go forward ! int . water supply section gilliam lie in a pool of blood . 40 4l 42 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 76 . Egg -head lead the majority of Soldiers back towards the tail section . but franco the elder and two Soldiers run the opposite way - towards the front . int . prison section - entrance tail section passenger , panic , run from the sound of approach gunfire . in the stampede , Chan quickly move up to the higher spot . chan's Pov : the flash light of gunfire be see behind the rush of passenger . Egg - head and Soldiers appear push the passenger ahead with gunfire come closer ... int . guest room section curtis , with a fierce rage now , lead Tanya and grey , wear he mask , down a corridor of extravagant guestroom . front section guard approach from the opposite side shrink away with fear . one Guard , at the Gate , hold he ground . namgoong ( in Korean ) OPEN ! yona ( in English ) OPEN ! Guard , tremble , place he palm on a small panel which open the Gate . curtis , violently push the Guard away and lead the other through . namgoong reach into curtis ' pocket to take two lump of chronole . curtis stare at he with disbelief : '' this guy still want that shit at this time ? '' curtis stride past row of guest room contain milky - white elderly people : a dentist clean someone 's tooth , a man eat steak , a woman get a manicure , a couple play card ... through they window or open door , guest stare with disbelief at curtis pass through they luxurious , carefree life . curtis , disgust , hurry past without comment . int . school section franco and the two Soldiers herd the cry Children into the next section as the train make a wide turn toward the right . franco 's Pov : through the window , Front section be visible as the train bend widely , almost form a big circle . curtis ' small team be visible in the Front section . franco aim the rifle at yona 's head and fire . 43 44 45 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 77 . int . swimming pool section bang - crack - the bullet break through the two pane of plexiglass window but , its trajectory be alter and it barely miss yona 's head . strands of she hair , slice by the bullet , flutter in the air . yona curtis everybody down ! the floor- to-ceil window , however , provide little protection . Front section passenger , who be enjoy they swim , scream and come out of the pool , run this way and that . int . school section franco set he rifle across a chair place on a desk before the window - in full sniper mode . soldier a run from bullet hole to bullet hole try to plug they with Children 's paste . soldier B stand by - shocked : soldier B hey ! do not you know the firearm regulation ? to minimize damage to ... franco smashes soldier B in the face with the rifle butt . soldier B drop like road-kill . blam - blam - franco fire through the window . soldier a jump aside and run ... the train now swirl in a big circle , shaking intensely . int . school section / swimming pool section - intercut blam - blam - shot hit the glass - most bounce off and leave ugly pock mark surround by spider web crack above the head of yona , namgoong and the other flat on the floor . curtis rise and shoot at the faraway School section . curtis and franco square off like gunslinger in a western , fire at each other as the curvature of the train become more acute . blam - curtis ' bullet penetrate the window and hit franco in the arm . franco stop shoot . he look at the blood on he arm and then across at curtis . curtis reload and fire . franco come out of he trance and return fire . a snowflake gently fly into the train through a bullet hole . it flutter in the air softly in slow motion . 46 47 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 78 . the gunfire and all sound fade away . namgoong 's eye follow the fall snowflake as it land on yona 's shoulder . namgoong 's Pov : the exquisite hexagon shape of the snow crystal in extreme close up , as if through a microscope . then it melt away ... namgoong gana . blam - blam - the fire resume , break the stillness . Tanya 's earsplit scream overlap the gunshot . a bullet break through the first pane of plexiglass come straight at curtis ' face . curtis 's eye widen - the bullet get stop by the second pane but remain embed in the window just inch in front of curtis 's face . the train finally straighten out from its sharp turn . franco and curtis grow further and further apart until the train run on a straight track once again . curtis , breathe hard , drop the gun that have run out of bullet . yona rise to she knee . yona come ! Three of they ! curtis snap to attention . namgoong join curtis run to the back Gate to jam it shut . namgoong hastily attack the electronic control of the Gate . int . guest room section Soldiers a and B try to open the jamme Gate . franco , without human expression , come up behind and open fire on the lock Gate . the Soldiers dive out of the way and roll . soldier B what the fuck ...?! franco fire until the Gate begin to teeter ... int . sauna section whoosh - the front Gate open just as franco kick the back Gate inward . curtis and he last rebel rush through the Gate and namgoong close it behind they . the rebel hurry past steam - bath unit as the sound of franco fire on the Gate behind be hear . namgoong set to work on the next Gate but become agitate as he be have trouble . namgoong see a crowbar on the wall above the panel . he grab it and attack the control . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 79 . curtis hurry ! namgoong shit , what 's wrong with this ? * fuck ... steam bath clientele glance at the rebel through opaque glass door . CUT to : franco 's Pov : as he kick down the Gate and enter . in the thick steam , the section appear empty . franco and the two Soldiers move cautiously forward . a face flash behind one of the steam - bath unit . blam - blam - franco fire instinctively . the door swing open and a rotund white man roll out , with he naked lower body hide by a white towel , bleed profusely . soldier B you just kill a Front section passenger ! I be report you to ... blam - franco blow soldier B away . soldier a , astonished , lift up he hand in the air . soldier a I do not see a thing . click - franco pull the trigger but he be out of bullet . grey , mask , jump out of a steam - bath unit , knock soldier a away , and stab at franco 's neck with the dagger . franco 's animal - like reflex be too fast and the dagger only catch he shoulder . he drop he rifle . curtis jump out of another steam - bath unit , stomp on fall * soldier a and take he gun . he aim at franco but he target be intertwined with grey in a deadly struggle . franco roar as he lift grey and spin he in a complete circle , like a human windmill , so he mask go fly away . he throw grey to the metal floor . grey be knock out . blam - blam - curtis fire and franco drop to the ground where he retrieve the fall rifle of soldier B. curtis and franco fire at one another . curtis ' hand be nick by a bullet and he lose the gun . franco aim he rifle at curtis ' head . Tanya come roaring out of a steam - bath unit behind franco . tanya ahhhhhh ! you son of a bitch ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 80 . franco swing the rifle around but be too late as Tanya use she heft to drive both the rifle and franco backwards . blam - franco fire right into Tanya 's gut as she push he against the wall . curtis Tanya ! Tanya , face to face with franco , be surprised she be shot - they be stick together like dancer with the rifle between . tanya timmy . Tanya collapse to the floor at franco 's foot . franco swing the rifle to shoot curtis . curtis , face contort with rage , charge straight at franco . click - the rifle be empty . curtis dive at franco who catch he leg mid-air and throw he down like a rag doll . crunch - curtis ' head bang on a metal ornament on the wall and he instantly pass out next to grey , blood come from the side of he head . franco pull the dagger from he shoulder . he grab curtis ' shirt and pull he up . he rear back to stab curtis when grey suddenly come awake and block franco 's thrust . the dagger go straight through grey 's hand - it 's tip stop just inch from curtis ' neck . the dagger have pierce grey 's tattoo : '' Goodbye '' grey , snake quick , put he leg around franco 's neck . he perform a judo maneuver spin franco around to the floor . they struggle but grey , with he hand stab , can not fight franco off . franco twist grey 's wrist so the dagger press into he chest . grey emit a animal - like moan : grey ugggggh ! as grey clutches at he chest , the dagger pierce on the tattoo over he heart : '' gilliam . '' franco look down into grey 's pale eye . franco press down on the dagger and shove it into grey 's heart . franco hear a girl cough . his eye widen - he turn to survey the carnage - soldier B , grey , curtis , Tanya - all down . franco remove a knife from a sheath on soldier B 's belt . he open each steam - bath unit . on the second try , he find the unit occupy by a very heavyset italian woman , drape with a equally humongous towel . she look back at he with fear-stricken eye . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 81 . franco move to the next unit , but suddenly stop . he come back and look the italian woman up and down - something unnatural about she sit posture . franco flatten the knife 's blade on italian woman 's cheek and push it to the side to reveal one of yona 's doe - eye , below wet hair and sweat - drench brow . and poke out behind she be namgoong 's right eye . franco stare at yona for a moment with a cold and murderous look in he eye . he lift the knife and bring it down with heaven - cleave force . clang - spark fill the air as namgoong 's crowbar stop the descent of franco 's knife . namgoong aaaaahhhh ! namgoong impossibly push both the italian woman and franco out of the unit . he bring down the crowbar down on franco 's head . the italian woman waddle away as fast as she can . franco swing he knife but namgoong dodge it . with a rhino 's strength , namgoong head -butt franco . both man lose they weapon . they struggle and thrash on the floor . franco get he hand around namgoong 's neck and strangle . namgoong 's face turn bett -re but , not give up , he get he hand on franco 's neck and strangle . yona approach silently and take up the fall knife . yona swing the knife . thump - namgoong remove one hand from franco 's neck and grab yona 's wrist . he hold on tight - intent on keep yona from commit violence . franco choke harder - namgoong be about to pass out . the knife waver in the air - namgoong hold yona 's wrist immobile . the knife be suddenly yank from yona 's hand - by curtis , bleed , weak , pale - but awake and determine . curtis , in a swift motion , strike - plunging the knife into franco 's side . franco the elder aaaaah ! franco release namgoong 's neck who fall back choke as he try to get he breath back . yona run to help he . franco turn to look into curtis ' eye . curtis twist the knife in he side . franco blink , then collapse . curtis fall back , exhaust . a moist silence envelope the sauna section break by Tanya , still alive , hold the blood and gut in she stomach . with great difficulty : 48 49 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 82 . tanya where ’s...my ... timmy ? curtis we will find he when we get ... tanya no , no ...my ... picture ... curtis look around at the bloody mess - no portrait . he stand and look in the unit Tanya be hide in and find the portrait on the floor . he snatch it up . yona stroke Tanya 's head - comforting she as curtis return . curtis I find it . Tanya 's eye overflow with tear . curtis kneel and hold out the portrait . but Tanya do not take it . instead she push it back to curtis . tanya you ... curtis ... Tanya exhales - she die . curtis close he eye - feel the pain of lose too many friend . he open he eye and look down at the portrait of timmy . CUT to : int . passage curtis move along a dark and narrow passage fill with the loud noise of a nearby machine . blood from he hand wound roll down and drip to the metal floor . int . club section clubber in bizarre make - up dance under colorful blink light to loud throbbing music , rowdy shouting and laughter ... whoosh - namgoong and yona enter carry empty rifle with bloody curtis on they side . clubber find they odd , but keep dance . curtis have no interest in anything but the next Gate . a lady spot curtis and stop dance . her eye track curtis . lady ( surprised ) curtis ? curtis !! 50 51 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 83. the Lady yell in vain as she voice be drown out by the loud thump of the club music . lady Pov : the back of the curtis 's head as he move far away to the front of the club . yona have fun aim she rifle at clubber and make threaten gesture . she grab a bottle of alcohol ona table and gulp it as she walk . yona ’'s Pov : naked couple , kissing , hugging , and make love to each other be see here and there in the shadow . namgoong see a woman sniff chronole , pierce at the end of luxurious silver knife . he grab she chin : namgoong ( in Korean ) where do you get this from ? yona where do you get this ? int . opium den section yona , drunk and shouting gibberish , follow namgoong through the unhealthy smoke of this garish de of marble floor , sculpture and litter with lump of chronole and addict . many addict be '' fashionably '' dress in inuit fur coat over bare skin . namgoong swing he rifle , smash the addict down and take all they chronole . namgoong beat a addict and take he inuit fur coat . the addict 's skinny , naked body fall to the floor with a thump . namgoong shake the coat and lump of chronole fall to the floor like nut . namgoong drape the coat over he shoulder . he pick up every lump of chronole . the addict , behind , try to grab namgoong but yona conk he with she rifle butt . namgoong pull the coat off another addict . the nake woman addict grab the coat and they engage in a tug-of - war . curtis keep move forward straight through the murky smoke draw to a plate above the next Gate : wilford enterprise . int . passage we hear labour breathe in the dark and narrow passage . the camera slowly move to the side to reveal franco walk straight ahead , expressionless with grotesque fish eye . 52 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 84 . he get snag on something on the wall . he look numbly down at the knife stick out he side . he grasp it with both hand and pull it out , he face still expressionless . CUT to : int . machinery section clang - a Gate open and curtis enter to find a narrow bridge stretch above a mass of unmanned machinery . namgoong enter bear a stack of inuit fur coat . yona , in a coat , follow - they laugh and stumble . curtis cross the bridge . namgoong and yona follow but , upon reach the other side , drop down on the steel platform below the next Gate . yona , drunk as a skunk , flop over and snore hard clutching she bottle and rifle . namgoong shake the coat to release all the chronole and toss the coat away into a heap . he sit and gather all the chronole on the floor . namgoong be not this crazy ? namgoong stick the lump together into one big piece . he take out the interpretive unit and push the button . namgoong ( cont ’d ) curris ... just gimme all of you chronole now . curtis namgoong be not you sick of it ? every fuck door it 's two more stinking piece ... curtis , disgust , throw all the chronole lump at namgoong . the lump hit namgoong 's face and body and roll on the floor . curtis chronole !? there . that 's all of it . now open the gate . namgoong ( giggle ) Son of a bitch , keep you temper down . namgoong pick up all the chronole piece and then glance up at the Gate - it be the most intimidating yet . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 85 . namgoong ( cont ’d ) so I open this door and you sacred engine will sit on the other side , wait for you , be that it ? you heart be beat hard imagine wilford rub it and feed oil to it , right ? curtis murderously stare at namgoong be sarcastic . curtis what do you know ? all you care about be you chronole supply . namgoong curtis trash like you would never understand what it mean for we , come all the way from the tail section to the front , to be stand at this gate ... after 18 fuck year , I be finally face to face with wilford ... you have no idea how long I have want this . namgoong curtis you ever be to the tail section ? do you even know what go on back there ? amidst the sound of machinery , namgoong lose he sarcasm and stare directly at curtis . curtis ( cont 'd ) no ? Chaos . total fuck chaos when we board . Fine - we do not freeze to death but we do not even have time to be thankful before the Soldiers - wilford 's Soldiers - come and take everything edible from the storage crate . Left we with nothing . namgoong curtis more than a thousand people in a empty iron box with no water , no bread , nothing . can you imagine ? no , you can not . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 86 . eventually become absorb in the story , namgoong 's face begin to take on a similar expression to curtis ' . curtis ( cont 'd ) after three week , we begin to eat the weak . namgoong curtis we be hungry . we stop be human . we become animal . do you know what I hate the most about myself ? I fuck hate that I know what part of a human taste good . I know that young baby taste the best . as curtis ' voice begin to shake , namgoong 's gaze intensify . curtis ( cont 'd ) there be a woman in the tail section who have a little baby . one * day , some man with knife , pull * the baby out of he mother 's arm . put a fuck knife to he skull . and then . and then a old man step forward . no relation - just a old man ... namgoong curtis put he hand out , palm up , like gilliam . curtis '' give I the knife , '' he say . everyone think he have kill the baby himself . the man with the knife give it up . then , the old man cut off he own arm . '' here . '' held it up . his arm . +e * hf namgoong curtis hold out he palm - open . curtis '' here . eat this ! you be so hungry . eat this . leave the boy . eat this . '' namgoong snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 87 . curtis I could not believe what I see , it be the most shocking thing I have ever witness . two day later , he cut off he own leg . same thing . '' eat this . here . take it . '' again - the open palm . namgoong curtis you have probably guess who that old man be . namgoong gilliam ... curtis the little baby be Edgar . ( face harden ) and I be the man with the knife . I would have kill that baby boy . my Edgar . my number two . gilliam save he . that be the most important day of my life . after that , everything change . I follow he . we all do . all of a sudden , we become human again . one by one , people begin to follow he example , offer they arm or they leg . it be some kind of a miracle gilliam create . namgoong curtis that who give they arm or leg become legend in the tail section . I want to be one of they but ... I ... curtis pause . he look down at he arm with anguish : curtis ( cont 'd ) a couple week later , the gate open . wilford 's Soldiers bring we protein block ... we have be eat that shit ever since . but , because of gilliam we be able to endure the last 18 year . and now I be right in front of wilford 's door . this be what I have be wait for . this day . this moment . ( more ) * + HH HH HH HH HH * +e HH oh * + eh * % snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 88 . curtis ( cont 'd ) ( a plea ) open the gate . namgoong stare at curtis . he take the cigarette and matchbook out of he shoe . he throw they to curtis . namgoong here , have a smoke . curtis namgoong it 's the last of its kind . once you smoke it , it go extinct . you better appreciate it . curtis smile in spite of himself . he sit across from namgoong and open the matchbook - two match . he take one and light the cigarette . he inhale deeply . curtis ... open the gate . namgoong I do not want to open the gate . ( dead serious ) you know what I really want to do ? curtis do not answer - he look at the smoke as he blow it out . namgoong suddenly sit up straighter . namgoong ( cont ’d ) I want to open the gate ! curtis shake he head - he do not understand and he be tired of namgoong . namgoong point . namgoong ( cont ’d ) not this one . namgoong turn to he leave and point to the exit door on the side of the train : namgoong ( cont ’d ) but , that one . angle - a exit door on the side of the train . this be the first time anyone even mention that there be a side exit to every section of the train . namgoong move slowly to the door as if be pull on a rope . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 89 . namgoong ( cont ’d ) we treat this like a wall because it 's be freeze shut for 18 year . but it 's a door . a fuck door ! namgoong 's eye become dreamy , almost hallucinatory . namgoong ( cont ’d ) let 's open it and go outside . curtis and freeze to death ? you be fuck crazy . stare at curtis , namgoong reach down to pick up a throw coat . he begin to put it on . namgoong yea ? but what if we do not freeze to death ? curtis you freak . namgoong what if we can live outside the train ? curtis , lose for word , stare at namgoong put on the coat . namgoong ( cont ’d ) heehee ... you remember the yekaterina Bridge ? each year when we pass over the yekaterina Bridge , I do the same thing . I look down ... curtis you be fuck high as a kite ... insert - scene # 21 . namgoong carry yona on he shoulder , walk towards the window . namgoong ( v.o. ) Way down at the bottom of the gorge ... namgoong and yona press they cheek to the glass window and look into the dark gorge . angle - from outside we see the determine , fevere face of namgoong press against the glass look down , believe . namgoong ( v.0 . ) a jetliner stick upside down in the gorge . ( more ) snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 90 . namgoong ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) a decade ago , you could only see a part of the tail fin above the ice . but now ... insert - scene # 21 : a blurry image of the tail and fuselage stick in a snow drift at the bottom of the gorge - but lose in a swirl of white blizzard . namgoong ( cont ’d ) each year , you can see more and more of the plane 's body ... on namgoong , excited , eye sparkling , touch the disbely curtis . curtis pull back , shaking he head . namgoong ( cont ’d ) it 's melting . the snow and ice be melting . curtis no fuck way , you be a lunatic . insert - scene # 45 : a single snowflake flutter onto yona 's shoulder . a extreme close - up , as if see through a microscope , of the beautiful crystallize hexagon . namgoong ( v.o . ) eskimos talk about " qanika " , the prototypical shape of spring snow . snow that 's about to melt ! all this snow could come crash down any day ! on yona - snore , she mouth hang open . on namgoong whose dreamy trance be suddenly break . he jump up and shout . namgoong today ! today , do you know what I see ?! insert - scene # 28 : namgoong be distract by something outside the window . he look and look ... namgoong ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( voice rise , excited ) I see something out there . I do not know what . something move . namgoong 's Pov : between hill far away , something quickly pass by - too fast , too blurry to have true shape ... on namgoong 's , eye craze , as he pull on yet another coat . namgoong ( cont ’d ) something alive . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 91 . curtis you know what you see ? wish . frozen fuck phantom wish . namgoong curtis you should go easy on the chronole . look what it 's do to you ! namgoong look blankly at the brick-size lump of chronole in he hand . namgoong ( vaguely ) it 's be two year now that I have be store up this chronole ... curtis great . open my gate and you can snort that fuck brick of flammable waste up into you skull ... namgoong ( grin like a idiot ) yes ! flammable . it be flammable industrial waste ... curtis fine. whatever . open ... namgoong pull a wick out of he pocket . curtis be flabbergasted . namgoong it be a bomb , you fuckhead ! curtis ' mouth drop open in shock . he drop the cigarette and stomp on it afraid of its fire . namgoong ( cont ’d ) ( dreamily ) there 's no door ?... I '1l make one . namgoong drift towards the door as he stick the wick in the chronole brick . curtis jump up - alarmed - and stuff the matchbook in he pocket . curtis no ! you crazy fuck ! if you wanna freeze to death , be my guest , but do not fuck up my revolution ! namgoong look at this guy ... shut up and give I the match . 53 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 92 . curtis no way . no fuck way ... namgoong FIRE ! I need FIRE ! whoosh - the steel gate suddenly open ... blam - and a gunshot echoe . namgoong be shot in the stomach and drop to the floor with a yell . Claude enter in she high heel and severe attire . she descend step to curtis - put she gun away . claude curtis Everett . I have be ask to extend ... namgoong try to rise , moan . claude ( cont 'd ) stay where you be . we 'il deal with you later . namgoong be too shocked to move . Claude see the chronole brick . she use she ruler to measure it . thwak . she put the bomb in she overcoat . she take the rifle . claude ( cont 'd ) ( to curtis ) --. a formal invitation from Mr. wilford to join he for dinner . follow I . Claude click up the stair . a shocked curtis follow . he shoot a look back at nam just before ... whooosh - the Gate close . namgoong , moan , check he wound . yona snore - she have sleep through everything . int . engine section curtis look around in awe at the jungle of metal part : twisted pipe intertwined with machine like vine on a trellis . the heat generate from this machine be oppressive . the percolate sound be booming . a massive boulder of metal dominate the section : the engine . wilford ( 0.s. ) curtis ? be that you ? curtis search for the source of the voice : he back to curtis and Claude , a old man cook on a plate heat by the hot boulder of metal . he turn to curtis . wilford . * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 93. wilford ( cont ’d ) ( kindly smile , warm ) curtis , dear boy , there you be . come in . let 's have a look at you . Claude lead he to wilford . she point to a chair at a table by the stove , elegantly set for dinner for two . wilford saute potato on a skillet . wilford ( cont ’d ) hungry ? ( curtis be silent ) you do a man 's work come all this way . curtis glance at wilford . he be just a old white man . Claude take up a high stool separate from the table . wilford ( cont ’d ) you be the first human to have walk the total length of this train . tail to engine . do you know that , curtis ? well do . bravo . gilliam have never be here - to the engine . I have never be to the tail section . curtis why not ? too dirty for you ? do not want to rub against the vermin of the tail section ? what ? wilford expertly flip a steak and potato and add a handful of mushroom . he use he spatula to point to he '' station '' - he engine . wilford do you think my station be without it 's own drawback ? ( curtis smirk ) it 's hot . it 's noisy . ( beat ) and it 's lonely . Claude do not like that statement . curtis right . poor fuck wilford . steak , plenty of room , this whore to bring you whatever you want . at this , wilford raise a eyebrow . wilford curtis , every one have they own pre- ordain position ... 54 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 94 . wilford do that peculiar gesture mason do previously with he one hand , the other hand flipping the ingredient on the skillet this way and that . wilford ( cont ’d ) .»+- and everyone be in it . except you . curtis that 's what people in the best place say to the people in the worst place . there 's not a soul on this train who would not trade place with you . wilford would you trade place with I ? curtis fuck you , you son of a bitch . wilford I see you have fight leave in you . ( beat ) curtis , dear boy , the fact be we be all stick inside this blast train . we be all prisoner in this hunk of metal . ( suddenly ) medium rare ? and this train be a close eco-system . we must always strive for balance . the water , the air , the food supply , the population - all must be keep in balance . curtis remember mason 's speech about fish population . wilford ( cont ’d ) for optimum balance , however , there have be time when more radical solution be require . when the population need to be reduce rather ... drastically . int . tail section - entrance tail section passenger run to the end of the section like a herd of sheep be chase by a pack of wolf . they pile everything they own to block the Gate . Chan throw a chair , as big as himself , up onto the barricade . the sound of gun fire come from the other side . 55 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 95 . int . machinery section blam - the distant echo of gunfire wake yona . namgoong , crouching painfully on the stair , make a bandage from he tear trousers for he wounded belly . he do not look good . yona huh ? what happen ? namgoong ( mumble ) brainless girl , now she wake up . yona , concerned , run to namgoong , trip and fall awkwardly . reaching out to balance herself , she hand land squarely on namgoong 's belly . namgoong ( cont ’d ) yeeeyahhh ! yona tilt she head - she hear something - she look at the back Gate as it begin to be batter from the other side . namgoong point to where the stair rail meet the corridor . namgoong ( cont ’d ) yona , open that panel . right below you leave foot . yona lift a heavy iron lid with a grunt , expose a circuitry panel as the Gate hinge begin to creak and break . namgoong ( cont ’d ) okay , pay attention . there 's one each of red , yellow and blue wire . ( yona nod ) on the other side should be socket numbered one to twelve . see they ? namgoong dismantle the stair rail into two long metal pipe , keep one and roll one to yona . the gate be nearly break apart . namgoong ( cont ’d ) Three wire , twelve socket . so how many combination can we make out of they , yona ? perhaps still drunk , yona look totally confuse . the Gate break down with a bang . Brain - addle '' Zombies '' - addict out of they mind - rush in from the brothel / opium de . see namgoong and yona who beat they and steal from they - they scream for joy ! Zombies kill ! kill ! snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 96 . they blast the air with , of all thing , vuvuzela ! namgoong move into the narrow corridor , meeting the rush of Zomby head on , swinging he pipe . wilford ( v.o. ) we do not have time for true natural selection - we would all starve wait for that . the next best solution be to have individual unit kill off other individual unit . this be what I call man - make natural selection . 56 int . engine section - wilford 's room wilford sit at the table , chew he steak . curtis have not touch he food but it be so very , very tempting . wilford from time to time , we need to stir the pot . historically , my pot stirring have take the form of uprising . the revolt of the Seven . the macgregor riot . ( point he bloody knife at curtis ) the great curtis Revolution ! curtis wilford a blockbuster production with a devilishly unpredictable plot ! the shelf - life of this narrative should surely be more than a decade . curtis 's face harden . wilford ( cont ’d ) who could have predict you counterattack with the torch in the yekaterina tunnel ! pure genius ! that be not what we have in we plan . curtis we ? we plan ? curtis 's face lose its color as wilford observe coolly . wilford do not tell I you do not know . we , gilliam and i. we plan . mention '' gilliam '' prick up the hair on curtis 's neck . 57 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 97 . curtis gilliam ? wilford yes , my dear boy . gilliam . the tail and the Front be suppose to work together . we be all connect . gilliam be more than a partner , really . a friend . curtis bullshit . I do not believe you . wilford we original agreement be for this insurgency to end at the yekaterina tunnel and then the survivor would go back to the tail section to enjoy much more space ... but ... curtis you be a fuck liar . gilliam would never ... wilford ( cut off ) calm down . calm down . it 's all work out fine . you counterattack actually make the insurgency ten time more exciting . unfortunately , the front suffer great loss than anticipate , for which gilliam pay the price . ( slashes he throat with one hand ) he let you go on and break we bargain . be not it ironic ? how people dramatically cross the thin barrier between life and death ? now , there be just one last thing leave to do - tally up the number . int . tail section the section have be totally seize by the Soldiers . tail section passenger , face down on the floor with they hand bound behind they back , sound off for Egg -head and Soldiers . Egg -head go to a plate that read '' wilford enterprise '' ( the one behind gilliam 's shoulder in scene # 5 ) and slide open a panel to reveal a old - fashioned phone . Close up of Egg - head on the phone . 58 59 60 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 98 . egg-head finish here . we await you instruction . int . engine section wilford hold a identical phone , stand beside a '' wilford enterprise '' plate that have be open . wilford stand by . ( look at Claude ) be it still the same number ? Claude , still aim she gun at curtis , count the number with the finger of she other hand on she thigh . claude ( nod ) yes , it still stand at 74 percent . wilford ( to Egg - head ) ok . carry on . shhh. wait . spare 18 to celebrate we 18th year . claude ( adoringly ) Wise decision . Claude yell out in the direction of wilford 's phone , confident she message reach egg-head . claude ( cont 'd ) ( back to business ) spare 18 per wilford the merciful . int . tail section egg-head yes sir . egg-head , still hold the phone , nod to the Soldiers . ra-ta - tat - tat - Soldiers open fire on the immobile prisoner . scream pierce the air . int . engine section curtis shrivel as he listen to the sound of gun blast and scream through the phone . enrage , he face redden as he grab the fork instinctively . Claude swiftly draw she handgun directly at curtis 's temple . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 99 . wilford ( hold the phone ) I will miss gilliam . I x11 miss we late night chat . oh he could go on for hour , all with only one arm ! quite remarkable , do not you think ? overcome with shock and rage , curtis rise to lunge at wilford with he fork . curtis shut up ! blam - Claude shoot the fork right out of he hand . ping - the bullet ricochet off the engine . wilford ( continue he eat ) mind the engine - she 's get sensitive , you know . claude ( smile ) sorry ... ( stern ) sit down and mind you table manners . wilford please , try to keep you sense of humor . curtis reluctantly sit down , he eye burn with hatred . wilford ( cont ’d ) well , now I see what gilliam mean . he tell I you be smart and brilliant , but always so tense . he worried about you , you know . and ... what be she name ... Alice ? ( exaggerated voice ) Alice , where be you ? maybe you should go meet she and loosen up a little . curtis be ready to collapse , he world crumble in the shock and confusion . wilford ( cont ’d ) ( look at curtis ) what 's with that face ? what 's the matter ? you look like a crazy person . as if we need more crazy on this train ! + HH HH hk +e * hf 61 62 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 100 . int . machinery section insane Zomby keep come at namgoong . he crush one but another take its place . they blast vuvuzela and do not retreat . franco appear at the gate but stop to watch the battle , wait for namgoong to tire himself out . namgoong ( fight ) yona , do not rush ! try one at a time ! one color first and the next ! yona plug nodule to multi-color wire create spark but the gate do not move . namgoong half - crouch due to the pain in he abdomen . namgoong ( cont ’d ) enough - you insane freak - stop come out already ! the Zomby respond with slur commotion and vuvuzela . franco , flanke by the insanely joyful horde , be devoid of expression , look towards yona . wilford ( v.o. ) you know , I believe it be easier for someone to survive on this train if they have some level of insanity . int . engine section wilford as gilliam well understand , we need to maintain a proper balance of anxiety and fear , chaos and horror in order to keep life go . if we do not have they , we need to invent they . in that sense , the great curtis Revolution you invent be truly a masterpiece . daze and confuse , curtis 's eye be empty as if each of wilford 's word be suck the life out of he . wilford ( cont ’d ) come here , curtis . I have something to show you . you deserve it . wilford direct curtis to follow he into a circular gate where stand the engine core . Claude nudge curtis 's back with she handgun , push he towards the core . curtis follow wilford and slowly walk into the core . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 101 . it be perfectly quiet - no engine noise , rumble of the wheel , nothing . it be sound proof . curtis take it in : he be awed by the mysterious and seductive isolation . wilford ( cont ’d ) cozy , yes ? peaceful . curtis ( nod ) wilford you be now in the heart of the engine . I have devote my entire life to this - the eternal engine . it be eternity itself . curtis 's eye can not lie as he take in the stillness , which he * have not feel for a long time . * wilford ( cont ’d ) have you ever be alone on this train ? when be the last time you be alone ? can not remember , can you . so please do take you time . wilford offer a gentle , fatherly smile to curtis and , together with Claude , retreat out of curtis 's vision . * curtis , finally , stand alone in the silent core : for the very first time in the entire film , we see curtis all alone by himself . quiet . desolate but cozy as if time have stop . curtis * break down . he drop to he knee , shoulder tremble , warm tear pour down endlessly . curtis 's Pov : tear drain on the floor as wilford 's foot * frame in . curtis raise he head to see wilford hold up a metal capsule . wilford ( cont ’d ) I just write it . for you . here . take it . wilford hold out the capsule in he upturn palm . curtis take it and , he hand shaking wildly , open it to read the Red letter : '' t-r-a- I - N . '' curtis let it sink in . * wilford ( cont ’d ) I be old . I want you to take my station . it 's what you want all along . curtis no ...1 ... 63 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 102 . wilford you must tend the engine , keep she hum . wilford help curtis up . as curtis stand to look towards the back of the train for the very first time , wilford stand behind curtis and whisper in he ear . wilford ( cont ’d ) look , curtis . look back . Beyond that gate - section after section precisely where they have always be and where they 'il always be all add up to what ? the train . and now , once again , the perfectly correct number of human being all in they proper place all add up to what ? humanity . the train be the world , we the humanity . curtis , just as wilford have be do all this year , look to the back of the train . curtis be not sure anymore , wilford have get into he head . wilford ( cont ’d ) and now you have the sacred responsibility to lead all of humanity . without you , curtis , humanity will cease to exist . you have see what human being do without leadership . they devour one another . you , curtis , you be humanity . you , curtis , you be eternity . you , curtis , you . int . machinery section / engine section yona take a deep breath , try to focus . Beyond , out of focus , namgoong fight Zomby . yona connect Red into no. 5 , yellow into no. 1 , blue into no . 4 . the spark be huge this time ; the gate rumble and open . yona ahhh ! ! namgoong yona , chronole ! yona grab she steel pipe and rush up the step . she spot the chronole bomb peek out of Claude 's pocket . Claude , keep she handgun aim at curtis , aim she rifle at yona . yona , know the rifle be empty , head straight for Claude . Claude pull the trigger . click - the rifle be empty . clunk - yona strike Claude in the back of the head with the steel pipe . Claude arch back to fall flat on the floor . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 103 . wilford and curtis watch the spectacle from inside the engine core , look down on the people with condescending face . yona grab the chronole bomb and handgun from Claude . she open fire on the Zomby who fall right and leave . the Zomby , under fire , run away scream wildly , they vuvuzela finally silence . namgoong ( cont ’d ) yona ! give I the gun ! yona no ! franco do not move . yona coolly lift the gun at franco 's face and really aim carefully . blam - franco 's leave cheekbone be shattered but he hardly even blink . franco get more ammo ? yona yona throw the pistol away . namgoong groan at she action as franco now saunter forward raise he knife . franco let 's end this . namgoong and franco engage in a mano - a- mano duel . namgoong scream at yona while try to evade franco 's blade . namgoong there ! above that handle ! yona pastes the chronole brick into the crack near the exit door handle . namgoong , meanwhile , fight like a mad dog . curtis 's and wilford 's Pov : within the engine core , the noise from the outside be mute as we watch namgoong , franco and yona fight to the death . wilford be still right on curtis 's ear : wilford look at they . that 's how people be . you know - you have see this - you have be this . curtis wilford but no more . look at they - ridiculous , pathetic , be not they ? ( more ) snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 104 . wilford ( cont 'd ) you can save they from themselves . this be what gilliam save you for . curtis , this be you destiny . curtis stand in front of the circular engine core . his eye , as he look down on the human , have turn into exact replica of wilford 's . curtis 's bleak and cold eye blink . namgoong yona ! curtis have the last match ! yona finish pasting the chronole bomb to the door and run up the stair to curtis who return a cold stare . yona curtis ! the Match ! curtis coldly extend he arm to yona 's neck and shove she down to the engine core 's entrance . she be shocked to see he transformed face . she be freeze . curtis reach out to slap she face with the back of he hand . yona ( cont 'd ) curtis get back ! how dare you come here ! yona can not understand . she stop in she track . she look down to see what she be stand on . yona ’'s Pov : she foot stand on top of the '' wilford enterprise '' iron plate . yona kyaaaa ! yona 's sudden shrill scream catch wilford and curtis 's attention though they look at she with indifference . namgoong and franco stop fight to look at yona . yona ( cont 'd ) ( look down ) cough ... cough ! cough ?! suddenly , a think flash through curtis 's mind ; something he have forget . he blink as if to clear wilford out of he head . curtis run to yona and push she aside . he lift the small but thick iron hatch to unveil a horrible , inhuman sight : within the complex , intricate move part of the engine be Tim - head shave and rib show emaciation - cough gently . he have be completely insert into the engine , repeat the same movement over and over - the exact gesture that mason and wilford make before . * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 105 . curtis ... timmy ! curtis and yona stand in shock without a word but wilford quietly mutter . wilford ingenious , yes ? that piece of equipment go extinct five year ago . we need a - replacement . curtis have trouble breathe . he tremble . yona hide she eye and weep helplessly . wilford , stand next to curtis and yona , look down the hole and continue casually . wilford ( cont ’d ) the space only allow for a very small person . Young Children - six and under - have difficulty learn the concentration and patience require for such a important station but Claude spend a long time training this part . curtis you ... wilford the engine last forever but not so all of its part . thank goodness the tail section have manufacture a steady supply of kid . curtis you fuck bastard ! curtis hit wilford 's face hard . wilford fall to the floor but wipe the blood away with ease . wilford curtis , do not disappoint I - I have come to have such faith in you . by now , you must realize that everyone have they own pre-ordained position ... wilford make that gesture yet again - exactly the same as Tim make now . curtis watch wilford finish and then kick he . wilford be knock out . curtis be back to he normal self , he eye focus with determination and rage . curtis bend down to reach out to Tim stick inside the hole . clack - curtis 's arm get jamme by the engine part . curtis bite back excruciate pain to stop the machine 's movement for a brief second . yona , cry out of control , come to help curtis but he hold out he other hand . * snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 106 . curtis grab yona 's hand , palm up , just like gilliam . she feel something and open she hand : the matchbook . yona curtis go ! yona run to the chronole bomb , tear still stream down she face . curtis reach out with all he might to grab Tim 's weak shoulder . Tim look up at curtis but do not recognize he and keep up he movement . on top of the machinery section 's viaduct , namgoong and franco be intertwined in a mortal , wrestle rumble to gain control of the knife that lie far from the two . namgoong , the weaker of the two , suddenly grab franco 's ball . franco awww ! namgoong yona ! Fire ! yona stand by the chronole bomb paste on the side exit . she open the matchbook to reveal - one single match leave inside . she close she eye and breathes out in she unique way . namgoong ( cont ’d ) what the fuck be you do ?! Fire ! now ! yona strike the match . nothing happen . she try again but the match refuse to ignite . namgoong ( cont ’d ) ( shouting in desperation ) hold it near the tip ! yona close she eye and breathes rhythmically . curtis , suppress excruciate pain , extend he leave arm under Tim 's armpit and pull he out . curtis 's face be completely contort in pain as he hold Tim tight with he good , right arm . wank wank - a alarm sound and red lamp around the engine core light up . a pale , ghostly presence drop to the engine section floor from crack in the machinery . another small child , emaciate to the bone : Andrew 's son , Andy . snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 107 . curtis Andy ! Andy immediately repeat the same hand gesture . he walk eye blank , and open another lid on the floor . curtis ( cont 'd ) no ! do not go in there ! Andy , eye empty , crawl into the hole and find he place , where Tim be inside moment ago . wilford slowly pull himself up . wilford do not be so melodramatic . it 's not as if they work 24 / 7 . see , we do change shift . right on time . Claude - still bleed , show no emotion - wake up and stand up like a machine and hold up a long stick . she shove the stick inside the horizontal crack where Andy appear to scoop out a caucasian girl ( 6 ) . the girl be still asleep , rub she eye , as she automatically walk toward the core . alarm blare louder as the engine core protrude like a piston to reveal a latino girl ( 6 ) inside who walk out . as the caucasian girl take latino girl 's position , the piston slowly retract to its original position . curtis no ...no ! yona , open she eye , stop she rhythmic breathe and woosh - fire the match . yona put the burn match to the fuse . the fire wildly chase towards the chronole bomb . namgoong go up yona ! yona what about you dad ? namgoong I will go after you . you go up now ! yona go up the stair to curtis who pass Tim carefully into she arm . curtis , he arm nearly tear off and gush blood , look at yona as he hold off he pain . curtis go! curtis make up he mind to give up he arm . he bite he tongue as he prepare for the moment . 64 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 108 . curtis ( cont 'd ) aaaaaahhhhhh ! namgoong and franco pant hard almost run out of steam . namgoong ( to franco ) not that you understand I ... franco ( moan ) namgoong you smell like shit ! namgoong , with he final reserve of strength , break franco 's neck with a crack . namgoong run for the stair as the wick burn down . he pull down the lever to close the Gate to the engine . the Gate move five inch but get stick - spark erupt - and stop in its track . namgoong be aghast : '' shit , now the blast will blow off the entire engine section . '' but it be too late . namgoong , out of instinct , run to yona who hold Tim tight in she arm . the big mass of namgoong hold the two of they from behind . curtis , from the opposite side , walk toward they bleed from many wound . with one arm go , he resemble gilliam or perhaps a saint . namgoong and curtis face each other to embrace yona who hold Tim in she arm . namgoong , yona , Tim , and curtis together form a single lump of human-beings . b-o-o -m ! the chronole bomb go off . the flame swallow they all in a microsecond : wilford and Claude sit at the table slice the steak oblivious to the disruption only to be engulf in flame . namgoong , yona , Tim , and curtis fly out as one great ball of flame . curtis ' back and head crash with force into the iron mass at the front of the engine . ext . earth boom ! the train shake insanely , belching out of fire . the mountain range beside the railroad tremble and the snow on the top of the mountain start to flow down in a great avalanche , wave of snow cascade . 65 66 67 68 69 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 109 . the train , run the track below , seem like a helpless earthworm before this giant advance tsunami of snow produce a earthshake rumble . int . tail section Chan , spare , look up at the sound . survive passenger , Egg -head and the occupy Soldiers look around wonder what be happen . b-o-o - m ! - everyone fly up into the air . ext . tunnel - entrance just as the tsunami of snow be about to swallow the train , it enter a tunnel - three section only - before the rest of the train be sweep away down a sharp mountain slope . the third and the fourth section separate in a shower of spark . ext . bottom of mountain the avalanche spread out to cover the entire mountain slope ; train section roll down to the very bottom under gigantic mass of snow . ext . tunnel - exit the first three section pop out the other side of the tunnel and hit the heavily fall snow . the train rise up in the air and slide down before finally stop . silence . desolation . int . engine section the engine section lie on its side . the burnt body be strewn everywhere . namgoong minsoo and curtis Everett , release from they final embrace , lie side by side , burnt , bloody and riddled with glass fragment and metal shrapnel . Tim 's eye be see . they blink . yona 's hand poke out . yona dad ! dad ! yona shake namgoong 's body hopelessly , weep . Tim stare at curtis ' body . beat . he start the hand gesture again . yona look through the blast exit door at the blue sky above . snowflake flutter riding a beam of sunlight . 70 71 snowpiercer ( Nov 1 , 2011 ) 110 . ext . train yona 's head poke through the exit door . she inhale the bright , icy air . the snowflake and cold wind tussle she black hair . she pull Tim , clad in a inuit fur coat , out behind she . CUT to : ext . snowfield yona 's foot softly crush the snow as she walk . she put Tim down . he continue he hand movement . yona survey the vast , white landscape ; tear run down she cheek . yona tilt she head - listen . she look up a snow cover hill where a figure come into view : a polar bear . the bear stand majestic and proud , regard the human . his grunt breath rhythmically pound yona 's psychic eardrum . yona breathes in and out , riding the rhythm . as Tim 's attention be draw to the bear , he finally stop the hand gesture . superimpose over he young face be he future adult voice : tim ( v.o. ) I have be cold since the day I be bear . Tim 's mouth breathes white vapor . tim because I be bear on the snow . the rhythmic breathe turn into musical note resembling heart beat . Young Tim 's black face and white eye fill the screen . fade to white : the end