" so I married a axe murderer " screenplay by Robbie Fox shoot draft fade in : OPEN on : montage of various shot of san francisco - dusk over this we hear a recording of Jack kerouac 's poem , San Francisco which be accompany by a be - bop trio . kerouac 's poetry coincide with the various shot of San Francisco . we come to a sign for Jack kerouac Street . we pan over to " the CITY light bookstore " and continue along to the alleyway where there be a large high - contrast black and white sign depict Jack kerouac in he famous " I be look into the distance , have a brilliant think " pose ... charlie mackenzie , in he late twenty , wear a flannel shirt and tear jeans , walk into the frame , right in front of the picture of Jack kerouac and inadvertently strike the exact same pose . we pull back to reveal that Charlie have a bag of garbage in he right hand , which he deposit in the alleyway . we follow Charlie into ... int . CITY light bookstore we follow he through the store . by day he be the Assistant manager , by night he be a poet . a man in he fifty , wear a beret and a goatee be read , Charles bukowski 's , play the piano like a percussive instrument , until you finger begin to bleed a bit . Charlie take he place behind the cash register and resume write in he handsome leather - bound poetry journal . charlie ( sotto ) o' scotland you suckled teet of shame customer approach . customer do you have the book on the Road by Jack kerouac ? every day there be a steady stream of tourist who come in to get copy of on the Road . Charlie be use to this and without look up he point to a huge , well mark display of thousand of copy of on the Road . another tourist couple approach . tourist do you have a copy of on the Road by Jack kerouac ? again not look up , Charlie just point . tourist thanks . ext . CITY light bookstore - night Charlie put the " close " sign on the door and proceed to walk home . ext . san francisco street the sight and the sound of the city be accentuate by the bebop as he see life , wart and all . as the street become less populate , he can now hear the sound of he own footstep and , a couple bickering . the street become even more desert . the night be close in on he . a cat dart out from a alleyway and startles he . he quicken he pace . rumblings make he cross the street to avoid the danger . headlights of a slow move car approach from the distance . Charlie , frighten , turn another corner onto : he STREET he approach a 3 - story victorian home , in which he have a apartment on the second floor , he notice a light on in he window . a crashing sound from within . CUT to : hand take papers out of a desk drawer . CUT to : charlie carefully open the front door and then gingerly close it . he reach for a baseball bat in a nearby umbrella stand . sound of breaking glass from he apartment upstairs . CUT back to : shatter picture frame with a photo of Charlie and a angelic blonde . CUT back to : charlie finish off the last two step near the front door of he apartment , bat raise above he head ready to swing . CUT to : the hand clasp a jewelry box on the top of the dresser and stuff they into a dufflebag ; the jewelry be follow by CD 's . CUT to : charlie push open he apartment door in a mock swat maneuver , then stealthily stalking toward the sound of the intruder in the bedroom . he stub he toe on a spring load doorstop make a loud metal vittswingggg 's sound . he freeze , terrify . CUT to : the bedroom where the hand , freeze . CUT back to : charlie like a coiled jungle cat ready to pounce , wait two beat ... then spring samurai style into ... the bedroom he freeze . reverse angle to reveal that the hand belong to the angelic blonde in the break picture . it 's Charlie 's girlfriend , sherri . charlie Sherri ! what be you do ? sherri I be leave you . charlie oh , thank God ... I think you be robbing we own home , because frankly , that 's insane . I mean , what could you possibly gain by robbing you own home ? I do not mean to meddle , but be not it better to rob other people ' home ? start accumulate they wealth as oppose to just reaccumulate you own wealth . sherri that 's not funny , Charlie . I be really leave . she continue to pack . Charlie try to unpack she thing . charlie what ?! just because we have a fight last night ? sherri we have have a fight every night for two month . ever since I bring up the subject of marriage , you have find fault with everything I do . why could not we have get marry , Charlie ? charlie ( beat ) I be too young to get marry . ( begin put she thing back ) I be only twenty - nine and a half . we love live together . sherri it 's be two year now . I need something more . charlie see , Sherri , this be frustrating for I , okay . when we first start go out I think we agree that we be not the sort of people who get marry . sherri that 's like say we be not the sort of people who be go to grow old . we be not go to fall into that " grow old " trap . face it , you have get a problem with commitment , Charlie . take a look at you other girlfriend . every time you get close to a commitment there 's something wrong with they . charlie hey , I break up with they for good reason . sherri what about Sandy ? charlie Sandy be a alcoholic . sherri no - no-no . you think she be a alcoholic . she just drank more than you drank . what about Jill ? charlie she hate my family . sherri you think she hate you family . nobody hate you family . everybody love you family . what about Julie ? charlie she smell like soup . sherri what do that mean ? charlie she smell exactly like Campbell 's beef vegetable soup . she be dirty , physically dirty . sherri well , Charlie , I wonder what you be gonna say be my problem ? be you gonna tell you friend that I be a junkie , that I be not supportive enough or that I smell like relish ? Charlie , I love you . it could have work out . ( she go to the door ) think about it . she leave . angle on - the broken picture ext . san francisco - charlie' car - dusk Charlie and he best friend , tony spiletti , be out for a night on the town . tony be second generation italian - american with very Mediterranean feature . they be listen to teenage fan Club . they pass ghierardeli Square . charlie tony , teenage fan Club , they be Scottish you know ? tony oh . charlie I have that dream again . tony oh , be that the one where you suspect that a fat man in a diaper , on a lazy susan have interfered with you plan for the evening ? charlie no , but I have have that one . no , in this one I be in love ... tony yeah . charlie and I say to myself , ' I have finally find somebody that I be truly comfortable with . ' you know when you be so comfortable that you will let they put makeup on you to see what you would look like if you be a girl . anyway you know what I do in the dream next ? tony you propose ? charlie ( after a pause ) no. I die . tony but Charlie , you be a normal suburban guy at heart , from a normal suburban family . do not you tell I you always want to get marry and have a family . charlie yes , but , I be afraid , okay ? there be seven main rite of passage in a man 's life . birth , first day of school , last day of school . Marriage . kids. retirement . death . I be at marriage . I be two rite of passage away from death . tony I be sorry , I be not listen . tony be do three - sixty , scoping out beauty , when suddenly he rove eye lock on a police car directly behind they . he slouches down into he seat . tony Christ . it 's the cop . charlie tony , you be a cop . tony I know . be not it awful ? I work with that guy . they be asshole . the police car pass . int . spiletti's coffee house - night tony and Charlie enter . there be a poet on stage . the club be full of art tart and college bohemian . they be greet by the club 's owner , giuseppi , a italian man in he fifty . tony salve zio mio . uncle allora ? che catzo fai , Charlie ? charlie hi , uncle giuseppi . uncle tony , come ' stai bello il tuo pappa e' in galera per la terza volta . tony 's uncle show they to a table . uncle I will have the waitress bring you cappuccino . charlie what do you uncle say ? tony he say my dad 's back in jail again . charlie ah , I be sorry , man . tony you know , it 's funny I do not even feel related to my parent anymore . I feel like you mom and dad be more like my parent . I feel more Scottish than italian . charlie tony spiletti , I do not think you could get more italian than that . unless of course you name be tony italian guy . Charlie check out the girl in the coffee bar . charlie I be so bum . Sherri be great , be not she ? I be a asshole , be not I ? tony yes . charlie you have get to help I get through this night . tony you have just get to get back on the horse . the waitress arrive with two cappuccino in extremely large cup like they have in France . charlie waitress , I be sorry , there seem to be a mistake . I order the large cappuccino . two girl at a nearby table , laugh . Charlie and tony exchange , " this could be promise . " look . charlie ( to the girl ) do you think this cup could be larger ? they be practically bowl . the girl laugh again . charlie I feel like I be have Campbell 's cuppuccino . tony join we in a cup of coffee ? there 's enough room ? girl sure ! the girl come over . susan my name 's Susan and this be June . we think you be funny . tony my name 's tony . this be my friend Charlie . charlie look , tony , I be go home . see you later , girl . tony grab he and pull he aside . tony you really do not understand , do you ? when a girl come over to you table and say , ' I think you be funny . ' it mean you have pretty much be give the key to the city . Charlie , this be big . charlie perhaps you have confuse I with someone who give a shit . here 's what 's gonna happen , tony . we will end up go out with they tonight , maybe even home with they . well go out for two month . soon she will move in , we will be happy , she will want more of a commitment . I will be terrify and I will do something to ruin it . just like I do with Sherri . he leave . tony be leave with the two girl . JUNE poor , guy ... he seem so nice . tony ( talk , choke up ) I just break up with somebody as well . she leave I high and dry . the girl try to comfort he . int . charlie' apartment Three quarter of the furnishings and item have disappear with Sherri . Charlie sit dejectedly on the floor over he poetry Journal . he be miss Sherri . we see ... charlie' face he look out and be strike by a idea and begin to write . angle on the journal I am lonely charlie' face again he look out , find he inspiration and continue to write in the journal it's really hard charlie' face a gentle tear roll down he leave cheek . he pause , then finish off the stanza . in the journal this poem suck after the last line he scratch out the entire poem . he close the book and turn on the tv set to CNN to veg out . the show be " what 's cook ! with burt Wolf . " ext . san francisco STREET Charlie be drive in he car . he drive slowly look for a address . find it , slip in to a parking spot in front . ext . butcher be shop - meat of the world adorn the front be a " grand open " sign and miniature flag of the world . Charlie go inside . int . butcher' shop it 's a small , hip shop sell specialty meat from around the world . Charlie look around . suddenly , a attractive woman in she late twenty , wear a blood-stain smock enter . it be harriet michael . she have a cleaver in one hand and something bloody in the other . harriet ( angry ) goddamn shoplifter . ( conscious of Charlie 's presence ; hold up bloody meat ) but I get he ! ( smile ) you be next . charlie ( back out the door ; terrify ) I have come at a bad time . harriet no stay ! charlie no , no , really ... obviously you have get thing you have to do . you have get to dismember the rest of he bloody torso . dig a makeshift shallow grave . cover the body with quick lime . really so much to do , so little time and I be only in the way here , I be just gonna go . good luck . harriet ( refer to meat in hand ) oh , this ! oh , no , this be what he steal . this be not a piece of he or anything . this be icelandic shank . charlie I bet it go well with a nice chianti . fittfittfitt . harriet ( laugh ) can I help you ? charlie yes . do you have haggis ? harriet yes , we do . it 's over here in we Scottish cut section . one ? this be a section under glass fly a Scottish flag , with haggis and various cut of Scottish meat . charlie yes ! I have never be able to find haggis anywhere , except at my parent ' house . they're Scottish . harriet round the counter and wrap up the haggis . behind she be the large " prussian venison " sign . harriet ( ringing up he order ) that will be fifteen , seventy - nine . will there be anything else ? charlie yes . I know it 's a long shot , but you would not by any chance happen to have any prussian venison ? harriet now where in the world would I get prussian venison ? Charlie 's charme . ext . san francisco STREET Charlie be drive along listen to kerouac . we absorb the flavor of San Francisco as he drive down lombard Street . ext . charlie' parent ' apartment build - night a old crappie apartment building in San Francisco . Charlie 's car pull up . we hear " saturday night " by the Bay City roller . int . outer hallway of charlie' parent ' apartment - night Charlie approach a door . charlie ( call up ) Mom , dad , I be here . stuart ( o.s. ) we be in here , son . the apartment be a shrine to Scotland . Scottish paraphernalia , miniature scotty dog , shortbread tin and , on wall , frame picture depict famous scotsman , Sean connery , Jackie Stewart , Alexander Graham Bell , James doohan ( scottie from " Star Trek " ) , sheena easton , billy Connolly . charlie' Pov - as we enter the live room we see stuart , may , tony , and little william , Charlie 's fourteen year old little brother all sing : all ( sing ) s-a-t-u-r-d-a-y ... night stuart ( notice Charlie ) come give you old man a kiss or I will kick you tooth in . the group be eat dinner on tv trays . Charlie walk over and turn off the record . may Charlie , put on Charlie pride , would ya ? oh , I love Charlie pride . ( begin sing ; in thick Scottish accent ) hey , did you happen to see the most beautiful girl in the world ... stuart May , shut it . stuart mackenzie be in he late fifty , a butcher , with Coke bottle glass and thick head of black hair . his red - haire wife , may , be in she fifty , attractive with a soft , but tough appearance . Little william , have a very large head and a skinny neck . like Charlie , he be bear in America . Charlie give he Mom a hug , he father a kiss . charlie hey , William . william ( on he stomach on the floor ; watch tv ) hey , Charlie . stuart score ! magic goal ! on the television , Stuart 's team , Glasgow celtic , have score . tony aye -- magic . stuart let 's have a look at the re-play . William , move you head . look at the size of that ooy 's heed . I be not kid . it 's like a orange on a tooth pick . may Stuart , you be go to give the boy a complex . stuart I be not kid . that 's a huge noggin ' . it have it 's own weather system . it 's a virtual planetoid . ( shouting to William ) heed ! move ! we see the re-play of the goal on tv . tony sit down and May bring over a plate of stew and three type of potato , pile very high . may be that enough potato , Charlie ? charlie enough to recreate Devil 's Tower in " Close encounter " . stuart ( sniff the air ) do I smell haggis ? charlie aye , you do . may ( take it ) I will put it in the frig . Charlie notice tony read some papers . he realize it 's literature from the lyndon H. larouche Society . charlie dad , what be you do to tony now ? why do you abuse he mind like this ? stuart that 's the latest report from lyndon H. larouche , outline how the Queen and the rothschilds mastermind the Soviet overthrow , so that they could reclaim land they have annex during the Holy Roman Empire . tony ( goad Charlie ) you know a lot of this make sense . charlie I think you be suffer from the stockholm syndrome , where the hostage start to relate to they captor . stuart listen , sonny Jim , it 's a know fact there 's a society of the five wealthiest people in the world , call the pentaverate , who run everything and meet three time a year at a secret country mansion in Colorado , know as " the meadow . " charlie ( sarcastic ) and that 's obviously why we have not hear about it in the newspaper . stuart ( inappropriately angry &amp ; loud ) that 's right . they fuckin ' own the papers , smartass . and everything else . why do you think Scotland 's not be able to get independence ? because the Queen the pentavirate and that English dome head in West Minster will not have it . charlie who be the other member of this pentaverate ? stuart the Queen , the rothchild , the getty , the vatican , and Colonel Sanders before he go tit up . oh , I hate the Colonel with he wee beady eye . and that smug look on he face . charlie dad how can you hate " the Colonel ? " stuart because the Colonel put a addictive chemical in it that make you crave it fortnightly . charlie interesting ... coo-coo may would anyone like a juice ? Charlie , do I tell you , we buy a juice Tiger ? charlie a juice Tiger ? may aye , it 's a juicer . it 's part of my National Enquirer , garth brook diet . would you like potato juice ? charlie thank you , no . may Sherri 's late . charlie yeah , uh , Sherri and I break up . may oh , you do not . Sherri be the daughter you father be never able to give I . charlie I be just not ready for marriage . I be twenty - nine and my poem have not even be publish yet . stuart but it 's not just the poetry be it son ? you be afraid if you get marry you will lose you muse . look at I , I be a strapping young butcher , at the height of my creative power . when it come to de -bon a side of beef , there be nobody that could touch I . then I marry you mother . and people would still stand in awe as I fillete a shoulder of lamb . may maybe it 's just as well not to get marry , look at the news . where do I put it ? stuart heed . move that melon of yours into the bathroom and get the paper for you mother . William get the National Enquirer and bring it back . charlie that 's not news , dad . that 's bullshit . I would not wipe my ass with that paper . stuart what be you talk about ? it 's the fifth high circulate paper in the United States , I will have you know . may oh , here it be . Mrs. x. the honeymoon murderer . she marries man under fake identity , and then murder they . she kill some german martial art expert , and some plumber name Ralph elliot . her whereabouts be unknown . there 's another goal on the tv set . stuart score ! two nil . Magic ! tony ah , beautiful goal . we hold on the tv set . time pass . the tv set cross fade : to the end of the game the two team be shaking hand . and the final score chyron show celtic beat ranger three nothing . we see Charlie and tony be leave . Stuart be blind drunk . stuart ( sing Rod Stewart 's song ) you 're in my eye , you 're in my dream ... you 're celtic , UNITED and baby i've decide ... may ah , you be steaming . she meet Charlie and tony at the door and kiss he good - bye . she turn to kiss tony , and hold on the kiss far too long . tony ( pull away ) see you later , Mrs. mackenzie . may oh , you have turn into a sexy italian bastard . charlie see you later , mom . ( call out ) see you later , dad . stuart Fine . go ! you have stay you hour . Charlie and tony leave and enter ... the hallway where they find William sit on the stair wait for they . william take I with you . ext . meat of the world - late afternoon Charlie 's drive by and notice harriet , who 's unwind the store awning in dutch national costume . the banner announce " dutch week . " " meat of the world salutes dutch meat . " Charlie slow down to look at she . she look great in she little dutch costume . int . CITY light bookstore - day Charlie be again write at the counter . another person enter . man Excuse I . you would not happen to have ... Charlie again point to the kerouac section without look up . man thanks . on the pad Charlie write ... oh meat maid , if the cattle have have a choice , they would have slaughtered themselves willingly for a chance to be touched by you finger CUT to : charlie' face she 's on he mind . ext . meat of the world Charlie 's car pull up . the sign read , " welsh week " " meat of the world salutes welsh meat " int . meat of the world the store be very busy . there be a line at the meat counter seven people deep . Charlie take he place at the end of the line . we see a montage of a person hand chopping a rack of lamb into lamb chop , and carve meat with surgical efficiency . harriet ( spot Charlie in the crowd ) oh , hi haggis , right ? charlie it be a big hit . harriet ( finish up with a customer ) I remember you tell I you be Scottish , but do you really like haggis . charlie no . I think it 's repellent in every way . in fact , I think most Scottish cuisine be base on a dare . harriet laugh . harriet ( to the next customer ) can I help you ? ( to Charlie ) sorry , I be really busy . charlie look , um , my dad 's a butcher , do you need a hand ? harriet well , actually , yes . Charlie put on a very stylish butcher smock and cross behind the counter . harriet can you get I four belgian porterhouse ? do you know what a porterhouse look like ? charlie I be meat literate . time pass we see a montage of harriet and Charlie serve customer . ending on a customer 's Pov of Charlie . customer ( o.s. ) yes , do you have any fresh blubber ? charlie I will check . ( pause ) you want blubber , right ? customer yeah . we see Charlie 's Pov of a eskimo with a " lower forty - eighth " accent . customer my parent be come to town . you know how parent be . they will drive you nut . the eskimo exit , there be no customer leave . harriet look , I be really grateful . can I offer you some meat as payment ? please , help yourself to some meat . charlie I be try to be a vegetarian . harriet try to be a vegetarian ? charlie yeah , the problem be I really love hot-dog . harriet I think the meat industry invent hot - dog to stop people from become vegetarian . there 's get to be something I can do to repay you . charlie you could take I to a nice romantic dinner . ext . pier - night Charlie and harriet be eat hot-dog . as Charlie put the relish on , he smell the relish . charlie ( sniff the relish ) this remind I of my ex-girlfriend . harriet I hate talk about old relationship . charlie then let 's not and say we do . harriet ( she laugh ) that be easy -- what a nice guy . you have probably never do a mean thing in you life . charlie you would be surprised . harriet I would like to hear . ( to he confuse look ) name I something bad you have do in you life . charlie be you kid I ? harriet no . do you ever steal anything ? you ever hit someone ? charlie well , I have be in fight . let I think . harriet ( as Charlie think ) not one bad thing , Charlie ? charlie tell I something bad you have do . and it better be bad . I mean , evil . harriet how evil ? charlie really evil . ( think ) like how many people have you brutally murder ? harriet " brutal " be such a subjective word . I mean , what 's brutal to one person might be totally reasonable to another . next to they be a german couple , speak german , look through a coin-operate binocular . he say something which cause she to cry . charlie this just remind she of that scene in " Brian 's song " . harriet actually , he just propose to she . that be tear of joy . she lift she soda to toast they . harriet prost . the man and woman smile and nod . man danke , fraulein . charlie you be very smart . it 's a shame I be go to have to destroy you . harriet do bright woman intimidate you ? charlie no , not at all . harriet really , what do you look for in woman you date ? charlie ( think ) well , I know everyone always say " sense of humor " , but I would have to go with breast size . ( she laugh ) how about you ? in a guy . harriet income of course , and then ... ( think ) ... savings . he smile at she . charlie I likey how you thinkey . int . harriet' apartment - night the light turn on , and then they enter a very bohemian apartment . there be artist paraphernalia strewn around . a small bar separate the live area from the kitchen . she smile and walk off into the kitchen . harriet I will make we some tea . he check out she apartment . on the wall there be a huge poster of the boardwalk in atlantic CITY . charlie hey , you know what this apartment need ? a really large oversize poster of Atlantic City . harriet I use to live there . that 's where I have my first supermarket job . on he way out , he peek into the bedroom , where he find a bed that be face neither parallel nor perpendicular with the wall . it be just kind of " there " . harriet ( o.s. ) ( come into room ) I only have chamomile . I hope that 's all right . he look at she and then at the " oddly - place " bed . harriet it 's North - South . ( to he confuse look ) for health reason . see ... I have this friend , he be a martial art expert . anyway , he use to sleep North - South . I do not know ... it 's a martial art thing and it just sort of become a habit with I . charlie ( walk into live room ) you know Scotland have it 's own martial art . it 's call fucku . it 's mostly head but and kick people when they be on the ground . harriet start laugh . then so do Charlie . they lean into each other . pretty close . too close even , and when it seem like they be go to kiss , Charlie suddenly get uncomfortable and look at he watch . harriet late ? charlie no. no . not for I . harriet who for then ? charlie who for then what ? harriet well , you look at you watch and say it be not late for you ... I wonder who it be late for . charlie not I . no , sir. not here . ( after a pause ; check watch ) maybe it be late . she get he he coat . he start to leave . charlie look , the truth be , yes , I have a great time , and I would like to kiss you , but if we do kiss , then we will kiss on the couch and if we kiss on the couch , then we will kiss in the bedroom , and once you be in the bedroom -- well , the thing be , I always rush it . and this time I feel like maybe I should wait . maybe we should let it build naturally and grow , instead of just immediately spend the night together . harriet I want to spend the night together . charlie ( sell ) I have no problem with that . the bedroom - middle of the night they be both fast asleep . she be curl up in he arm . suddenly , she begin to speak . harriet yes ! yes ! Charlie 's eye open . he smile . harriet yes Ralph . I will . Ralph . Charlie 's smile fade . he sit up and look at she . she be lie completely still on the bed , she eye close , and still sleep - talk . harriet ( o.s. ) now now Ralph ! charlie ( waking she ) harriet ...? harriet ...? ( as she eye open ) you be have a dream , or ...? you keep say the name Ralph . harriet Ralph ? charlie Ralph . I hear you say it . harriet ( sleepily ) that 's odd . just today I be think about , she . she 's a friend . charlie ( start to leave ) be she nice --? Ralph ... harriet yeah . she 's great . dissolve into : int . harriet' bedroom - morning Charlie be sleep alone in the bed , and the sound of running water be hear off in the distance . his eye slowly open , he look around , remember where he be . he put on he short and walk towards the bathroom . int . bathroom - morning through the steam we can just make out harriet in the shower wash she hair . Charlie walk over . charlie you know ... with this drought in California total stranger be urge to shower together . he open the curtain . it 's not harriet . the woman , rose , calmly look at he and close the curtain . rose go away . charlie oh God . I be sorry . Jesus . Excuse I . he back out of the room . int . hallway - harriet' apartment the door open and a hurriedly dress Charlie emerge . before he get to the door he once again encounter Rose . she 's completely dress . even she hair be dry . charlie hi. I be really sorry . I must have scared the ... I be harriet 's friend , Charlie , and you must be ... ( hopefully ) Ralph ? rose I be harriet 's sister , Rose . and this be harriet 's note . he reach for it , but she read it aloud to he . rose ( read ) ' dear Charlie , I do not want to wake you , make yourself at home , thanks for make I smile . ' harriet . charlie that 's a very nice note . rose I will make you some breakfast . charlie gee , I would love to but I be run late . rose what would you say to blueberry pancake , bacon , fresh squeeze grape juice and kona coffee ? int . kitchen - later Charlie and Rose sit at the table each eat a bowl of dry cereal . rose I be sorry I do not have any of that other thing . charlie hey , that stuff will kill you while fruit loops be light and probably reasonably high in fiber . I like Apple jack too . rose get them . charlie so this be you apartment ? Rose start sketching Charlie . rose yes . she 's be here the past three month ... ever since she come back from Miami . I use to visit she occasionally . she do not speak of I ? charlie ( shake he head , no ) she tell I about a martial art guy and there be some discussion about Ralph ... rose she speak of they ...? charlie she speak of the martial art guy and scream about Ralph ... rose ( affectionately ) well , you know harriet . charlie actually , I really do not . rose ( puzzle ) but you do have sex with she ? charlie ( take aback ) hello . rose yet you still do not know she . ( contemplate this ) see , that 's the problem with sex . it 's not very revealing . charlie my , look at the time . he stand up . rose ( after a pause ) you should be careful , Charlie . charlie I be ... usually . I just ... you should know , this be very unusual that I would do this so soon , in this day and age particularly , but ... we just really hit it off . we do . and ... rose I be gonna go now . I will not tell harriet that anything happen . charlie but ... nothing do happen . rose exactly . or she would be jealous . and when she get jealous , we both know what she 's capable of . charlie no , we do not . you do , like I say , I just meet she . rose you will be okay , Charlie . just be careful . she leave . Charlie be baffle . int . CITY light bookstore - day as Charlie walk by , fred , a lanky customer in he late teens be buy a book . fred hey , Charlie . how you doin ' ? charlie good. good. look , Fred ... ( lean in ) you get a lot of girlfriend , right ? you know any girl name Ralph ? fred Ralph ? gee , Charlie . be not that a guy 's name ? charlie well , not necessarily , but ... never mind . thanks , Fred . Charlie catch the store manager , penny , on she way into she office . charlie hey penny , I want to ask you -- you know some girl name Ralph , right ? I mean , that 's a girl 's name also , be not it ? penny ( confuse ) I do not think so , Charlie ... uh ... charlie ( walk away ) forget it . thanks . she walk into she office totally confuse . ext . dockside - alcatraz tour kiosk - mainland - day tony and Charlie be wait in line . aerial view of boat as they travel to the island . tony ( v.o. ) you know I have live in this city all my life and I have never be to alcatraz . alcatraz we open on the loud banging of a cell door . we find we tour group in the hold area . the park ranger be a beefy man in he late fifty and talk with emotionless , military precision . park ranger hello , everyone I be a park ranger and I will be lead you on the tour . all the park ranger here at alcatraz be at one time guard , myself include . my name be John Johnson , but everyone here call I Vicki . will you please follow I ? they be lead out . we see that alcatraz be a sinister place . cold and unforgive . the Park Ranger lead they to the center of a cell block . tony you be glow , Charlie . the man 's in love . charlie sssh ... stop it . I be try to listen . park ranger this be the main cell block area . Home to such famous criminal as Al capone , micky Cohen , Joseph " dutch " critzer , and Robert stroud , the famous Bird man of alcatraz . follow I , please . the Park Ranger lead they past the famous visit room , the mess hall , all the way to the solitary confinement area . a cell park ranger this be the cell for solitary confinement , that over the year have come to be know as Times Square . tony and Charlie be at the back of the tour group . tony so do you and harriet ?... you know ... charlie ( grin ) sssh I do not want to talk about it . tony with that look , you do not have to talk about it . the grin alone could get you five to seven year . charlie tony , get you mind out of the gutter . all you need to know be that she 's a sweet , kind and loving person . park ranger now this be something none of the other tour guide will tell you . in this particular cell block Machine gunn Kelly have , what we call in the prison system , a " bitch . " and one day , in a jealous rage , Kelly take a makeshift knife , or " shiv , " and cut out he " bitch 's " eye . charlie look , what can I tell you . I be smitten . I be in deep smit . I dunno . I just do not wanna talk about it , because then I start analyze and that 's not good for I . tony good . I think that 's good . just let it happen . charlie exactly . that 's what 's gonna be different this time . something strange happen , let it go . it 's not my business ... like Ralph . she say Ralph in she sleep . tony who 's Ralph ? charlie I do not know who Ralph be . moreover , I do not want to know . tony good . park ranger and as if blind he " bitch " be not enough retribution for Kelly , the next day he and four other inmate take turn pissing into the " bitch 's " ocular cavity . tony and Charlie look at each other . they be a little queasy . charlie exactly . ( beat ) tony , I be happy . do not let I screw this one up . int . EL toro - in the mission - day they be eat Bay burrite . rose do you have a nice date last night ? harriet Rose , I do not really -- rose he disturb I while I be naked in the shower this morning . harriet yeah , he stay over ? rose I do not mind . Charlie and I laugh about it over breakfast . harriet that 's good . rose he say you have great sex last night . harriet he do ? ( a beat ) yeah . rose he seem really stick on you . I hope for you that it last . harriet Rose he 's a sweet , kind and loving person . we like each other , but I do not want to think any further . it 's take I a long time to get back to dating , and I want to take thing real steady this time . rose well , you can trust I not to tell he anything . harriet he be quite happy not to talk about the past . rose I do a sketch of he . Rose show the sketch to harriet . harriet ( look at the picture ) that 's good . rose think I have catch he ? harriet the eye be good . rose Charlie really like it . harriet it 's a good likeness . rose Boy , I really hope it work out . harriet Rose , I do not wanna screw this one up . ext . harriet' apartment build - day Charlie enter the building , hold a handful of poetry book . he pass a uniformed delivery guy come out . the guy nod and Charlie nod back . int . harriet' apartment build - continuous Charlie get three foot down the hallway . stop in he track and head back to the front door . he open it and yell to the delivery guy : charlie hey , uh ... Ralph ...? delivery guy ( turn around ) I be Gilbert . charlie shit . harriet' door - moment later she open the door enough to see that she be wear only a blouse that go below she hip . she look fantastic . he hand she the poetry book . harriet ( teasing he ) Charlie , they be beautiful . I will put they right in water . he follow she inside and put the book on the bureau . he go over and kiss she . charlie you look great . harriet I be just get dress . ( pick up skirt off couch ) what do you think of this skirt ? charlie honestly ? ( pull she close ) I would leave it off . harriet so then you think I could go to a poetry concert like this ? she drop the skirt and stand there . she 's fantastic . charlie let 's forget the poetry concert . it 's already be nine hour since I last make love to you . harriet ( smile ; walk away ) come on we be meeting you best friend . I wanna look good . the second I go to the lady room he 's gonna tell you what he really think of I . he follow she to the bedroom door , constantly try to kiss she . harriet come on , Charlie . we have to be there in fifteen minute . charlie ( follow she into bedroom ) Fifteen minute . perfect . she close the door on he face . charlie ( through door ) maybe later . rose ( o.s. ) I think of call you . charlie ( startle ) aaaahhh ! Charlie turn on he heel . Rose have appear out of nowhere . rose ( after a pause ) to warn you , Charlie . ( after a pause ) there be just some thing you should know , about harriet . charlie about harriet ? rose about she past . charlie I do not wanna know . I mean , look everyone have some skeleton in they past . I only care about the future . not the past . rose here 's the thing . I may have to tell harriet . charlie tell she what ? rose that we be lover . charlie we be not lover . rose I know , and it 's a damn shame . harriet walk in the room , fully dress , and fully dazzle . harriet I hope I be not interrupt . charlie ( feel weird ) no , not at all . we be just talk about ... Rose and I meet yesterday , so ... harriet so I hear . harriet hug Rose and then stand right next to she . harriet so , do not you think we look alike ? rose oh , we do not . harriet be always prettier than I . and a heck of a lot more popular . she always have boyfriend . the only thing I ever get be good grade . charlie ( slightly uncomfortable ) good grade be good . harriet she 's just be kind . show Charlie one of you photograph , Rose . Rose be a great artist . rose no , harriet . I do not want to . they be not good . harriet you be so modest . if I be not here to brag for you , I just do not know ... ( take out a posterboard from cabinet ) show it to he , Rose . do it . he turn it over and there be a picture there . a collage of unrelated image put together . and it be beautiful . but it 's very abstract . violent perhaps . confused definitely . he like it . charlie it 's beautiful ... rose thanks . charlie what be it ? rose I dunno . charlie what do you call it ? rose I dunno . charlie a lot artist do not like to title they work . they feel it biase the viewer . rose it be title . it 's call " I dunno " . Charlie look at it again , then at Rose , then at harriet . it 's all a little bizarre , but in a funny way he feel for Rose . a hide talented overshadow by she sister 's beauty . harriet we should get go , Charlie . thanks , Rose ... see you later . rose bye , Charlie . charlie Rose , great to see you . we should all go out together some time . the three of we . that would be great . that would be ... interesting . Charlie and harriet walk out . ext . poetry festival - night Charlie and harriet wait in line with bohemian type and poetry lover from the suburb , and all walk of life . directly behind they be two old lady . the marquee read : " poetry festival - tonight allen ginsberg . " charlie I think you be go to love Alan ginsberg . he 's great . harriet oh , I know all about he . tony ( o.s. ) hey Charlie ! tony be get out of a cab accompany by Susan , the girl from spiletti 's coffee House . he approach Charlie . tony sorry we be late . tony throw he arm wide open and hug one of the Little Old lady on the other side of Charlie . tony you must be harriet . I have hear a lot about you . charlie ( to tony ; be : harriet ) this be harriet . tony oh. sorry . of course . ( whisper to harriet ) I apologize . Charlie describe you as much older . and heavier . harriet ( smile ) oh , he do ...? charlie thank you , tony . this be my best friend . tony and this be Susan . Charlie , you remember she from uncle giuseppi 's . charlie yes , I do . susan you be funny ... then she giggle . the girl start inside , tony lag back with Charlie . tony ( whisper to Charlie ) I give Susan one night . int . poetry festival - night allen ginsberg be on stage . he be brilliant . tony , Charlie , and harriet be all amused . Susan be bored stiff . Charlie be look at tony . tony glance over at Susan and give Charlie a " oh , well . " look . then he look at harriet and nod in approval of she . ext . fisherman' wharf - night the four of they walk along the wharf . Charlie be at one of that arcade game where you throw bean bag at the puppet and try and knock they down . Charlie knock two down . arcade man one more and you get you pick . charlie ( to harriet ) you do it . harriet no , Charlie . I be the worst . tony come on , you will be great ... the arcade man turn around to watch . harriet wind up and throw the bean bag directly into he neck . arcade man hey ! harriet sorry ... I tell you Charlie . charlie no , no , you be okay , you be just have control problem . they both start laugh . he put he arm around she . in the b.g. the wounded arcade man be be lead away by a co-worker . they continue down the boardwalk stand in front of a House of horror . it look somewhat run down and harriet look questioningly at Charlie . charlie I know this be really , really cheesy , but in a way this be one of the place in San Francisco I be most proud of . harriet yeah , let 's go in . tony nod agreement . Susan look bored . they go inside the house of horror it 's as low rent as Charlie describe . the " keeper of the threshold " so describe in a poorly write sign , be a overweight man in he late twenty , wear jeans and a denim jacket and a little bit of scary makeup . he look like a roadie for the band , kiss . he stand at a podium , smoking and read a paper . as Charlie , tony , harriet and Susan pass the threshold keeper , he take a casual drag of he cigarette , let out a little smoke and with zero commitment utter : threshold keeper boo. int . wax museum - day harriet and Charlie enter Bill 's Wax Museum . the owner of the wax museum greet they . owner hi. I be Bill , welcome to my wax museum . they walk over to the exhibit . there be exhibit of abraham lincoln , Michael Jackson and dolly parton . as they look more closely they notice that the face be exactly the same as Bill 's . they laugh . ext . STREET - night pour rain . thunder . Charlie and harriet , wrap in each other arm , walk through the rain . harriet I feel so safe with you right now . you be never go to leave I , be you ? I feel like I could be here forever . CUT to : tight shot of rain hitting charlie' panic - stricken face match dissolve to : the reflection of rain on charlie' panic - stricken face pull back to see Charlie in bed . he lie awake on he side , he back up to harriet 's . she be sound asleep . suddenly : harriet ( sleeptalking ) Ralph ! no , Ralph ! Charlie sigh , then just shrug and try to fall asleep . what can he do . fade in : int . charlie' parent ' apartment hallway - night Charlie and harriet wait outside he parent ' door . charlie well , this be it . harriet it will be fine . they enter the door . int . charlie' parent apartment - night we again move along the hallway . we pass the Scottish wall , of fame , scottie from " Star Trek " , Sir walter Scott , Sir Harry lauder , sheena easton , Al pacino , billy Connolly , then the camera backtrack to pacino , where it hold momentarily . charlie Mom , dad , we be here . May come up , wear a fancy country and western outfit . may ah , Charlie be this the wee harriet . ah , she 's beautiful . harriet thank you . may she 's so sweet . I hope you keep she . ( call ) Stuart , come out here . you tube . when he come up , Stuart be wear only a shirt with he boxer short . stuart ah , it 's the wee harriet . may Stuart , put you pants on . stuart hold you horse . ( call to William ) heed ! pant ! William come around the corner with he pants . charlie dad , what 's Al pacino do on the Scottish wall of fame ? stuart oh , that 's for tony . so , Charlie tell I you be a butcher . let 's talk meat . charlie dad , no one want to talk shop . especially butcher shop . stuart come here . Stuart get he in a half - Nelson . charlie ah ! dad , dad I have a back zit , man it kill . Charlie struggle to free himself . Stuart turn to greet harriet . as he reach out he hand . totally instinctively , harriet grab Stuart 's hand and twist it behind he back . Charlie be startle , as he date have just get Stuart into a half - Nelson . harriet ( release he hand ) I be sorry . I just ... you just surprised I . I be sorry . stuart I like this one Charlie . she 's quite a filly . harriet I be really embarrassed . stuart do not be embarrassed about have a good strong butcher 's grip . do you link you own sausage ? may oh , ignore he . come have a look at some photo of Charlie when he be a wee and . charlie oh Mom , do not start with the picture . may ah , Charlie , lighten up . you have get a pickle up you ass . charlie ( whisper to harriet ) I be gonna use the bathroom . you be okay alone with they ? harriet ( kissing ) Fine . do not worry about it . hurry . they smile as he leave the room . stuart make sure there 's paper , Charlie . Charlie pick up the pace , scared of what he might hear next . may make sure you leave the seat down . charlie ( shutting she up ) ma , just show she the picture . stuart and light a match . may ( to harriet ) he always leave the seat up . he 's gotta learn . int . bathroom at parent ' - night he close the door , and shake he head . what can he do ? that be he parent . on the wall opposite the toilet be a well - use dart board with picture of the Queen mother and Colonel Sanders . hook to the magazine caddie be a small container of dart . int . the live room - night May excitedly show harriet family photo album . may this be Charlie with he uncle ecky . he 's a policeman in Canada . and we cousin Ruth and Jack . he 's just get a restrain order from he wife . she 's a lovely girl . this be billy . he 's a member of parliament . he drink . harriet what a nice family you have . charlie in the bathroom he do not seem in any hurry to leave either . he listen through the door to harriet enthusiastically look through old photo . Charlie glance down at a stack of National enquirer on the magazine rack . he flip through a few . he see one of the absurd headline : " alien ufo sex diet " Charlie shake he head . harriet ( o.s. ) ( through door ) Charlie be the cutest baby . stuart ( o.s. ) ( through door ) you okay in there , Charlie ? you do not fall in , do you ? charlie ( through door ) Jesus ... Charlie then look down at another article in the Enquirer and read : " who' next for mrs . X - the honeymoon killer ? " it be the article about Mrs. X -- the axe-murderer who kill she husband on they honeymoon and then marries again under a different identity . in the live room May be quickly flipping through a photo album , point out picture of relative as she go : harriet I can not believe the resemblance between you and Charlie , Mrs. mackenzie . int . charlie in the bathroom with harriet speak in the b.g. , Charlie continue read , now absorb in the article about the 3 victim : harriet ( o.s. ) ( through door ) you have the same smile . it 's so incredible . " victim # 1 - the german martial art expert from miami " " victim # 2 - the lounge singer from atlantic CITY " " victim # 3 - the san francisco plumber - ralph elliot " int . charlie' car - night - c.u . - harriet' face sitting in the front seat of Charlie 's car , smile , content , a great meal , a great night out with Charlie and a nice evening with he parent . slowly pan across the front seat to Charlie . a nervous anxious " what the hell be I get myself into " look on he face . charlie so , that be some move you put on my dad , there . do you study karate , or ...? harriet no . not officially . I date a guy for a while who run a studio . charlie oh , the martial art expert . the north-south guy . here in San Francisco ? harriet actually , Miami . he look straight ahead , try to act unfaze . but , he 's very phase -- he expression be cover in it . charlie be that before Atlantic City , or after ? harriet oh , that be year ago . Atlantic City be recent . I do not care for Atlantic City . a town full of gambler and lounge singer . he keep drive . int . police station - day Charlie walk through the precinct towards tony 's office , hold the National Enquirer in he hand . desk sergeant hey Charlie ! charlie be tony back there ? the sergeant nod and Charlie head back to the office . int . police station - day captain o.k. , tony . do you have the k673 form complete yet , that street vendor incident on Powell Street ? tony ( really bum ) yes , Captain . captain tony , do you mind my say that you seem a little down ? tony Captain . it 's about my work . about be a policeman . captain tony , if there 's anything wrong , I be here to listen . tony I know . and that 's what 's irritate , you be too nice . captain too nice !? tony yes , you be my captain for god sake . you should be constantly on my case , like the captain on starsky and hutch . once a week you should routinely haul my ass into you office , accuse I of be a maverick and complain to I that you be sick and tired of defend my screwball antic to the commissioner . captain well , as you may know , tony . I do not report to a commissioner . I report to a committee , some of whom be appoint , some elect and the remainder co-opt on a bi-annual basis . a quorum -- tony Police work should be all about run around , follow up crazy hunch that turn out to be right , go out on a limb . captain well tony , I have never see it that way . for I police work be all about follow procedure and remain accountable to the general public . tony ( exasperate ) Captain ! when I join the police force , I think I be go to be serpico and unfortunately I end up be toma . I would have settle for beretta . captain that 's interesting tony . I be perturb that you should be so disillusion . Charlie enter . charlie hey , tony , I gotta talk to you . captain oh , hello , Charlie . look , I be in the way here . you guy probably have something you want to talk about , and tony , if you have still get stuff you want to sort out , please , you know where the suggestion box be . the Captain exit . charlie Nice guy . hey , what 's up ? tony I be have doubt about be a cop again . it 's not like how it be on cop show . all I do be fill out papers and report . charlie let I get this straight , you Captain have not threaten to have you up on charge so fast you will not know what hit you ? tony no ! he 's never once say to I that he be go to " throw the book at I so hard it will knock my ass from here till Tuesday . " anyway what 's up ? Charlie pull out the National Enquirer ( the one on mrs . X , the honeymoon killer ) . charlie have you hear of this case ? Mrs. X ? she murder she husband on they honeymoon and then change she identity and marries again . tony I never hear of it . so what ? charlie curious , that 's all . I read about it , and ... ( after a pause ) I think I be dating Mrs. x. tony ( after a pause ) two word , Charlie . get therapy . they have doctor that deal specifically with this illness . charlie everything 's add up , tony . one of the victim be a martial art expert . last night at dinner , she put a martial art move on my dad . tony there about twenty thousand people in San Francisco who be martial art expert . should I arrest all of they too ? charlie if they also say Ralph in they sleep I think it would be a good start . ( show he paper ) Ralph elliot . a plumber from San Francisco . miss since he honeymoon . tony you be just get scared . like the dream , you feel harriet could be the one , so you start to suspect she of thing , ' cause deep down you be scared that if she be the one , you will marry , and marriage to you be death . charlie hey , do not analyze my dream , okay ? they be my dream . analyze you own dream . ( a beat ) it 's not a marrying thing , tony . it 's a murdering thing . ( show he paper ) harriet live in Atlantic City , right ? well so do this guy , right around the same time she leave town . tony ( read article ) " Larry Leonard , a crooner who make a name for himself for be able to sing in six different language the song " only you " . ( put paper down ) do she know the song " only you ? " charlie I do not know . it have not come up yet . tony Charlie , move past it . you be run you life by the National Enquirer . charlie ( defensively ) what ? it 's the fifth high circulate newspaper in the United States . ( take paper back ) Mrs. x. please . look it up . computer room at police station - minute later Charlie and tony be in the back with kathy , a stocky black woman in uniform , who work in the file department . kathy there 's no record of any death . all three of this guy be report miss around the time of they honeymoon , but so be the wife . no picture of any of the bride . for all we know they just pick up and move away . charlie and Ralph elliot , too ? tony Charlie , you be talk about three guy over a seven year span . that 's hardly news . no death . elopement in this state , as of this day , be still not illegal . charlie ( be : the article ) yeah well murder be . and this article say that this man be murder by the same woman . kathy Mr. mackenzie , we have find that , most National Enquirer article be actually base on we own police report . they take the fact and fabricate a story around they . tony it 's true , Charlie . you gotta realize that . I mean , personally , I would lie to you , but Kathy ... have this crazy notion of always tell the truth . ( patting he back ) you feel better now ? charlie it guess so . it 's just ... if I have a photo of harriet , I could show it to the relative or friend of Mrs. X 's victim to identify she . tony Charlie , listen to I ! there be no Mrs. x! Drop it ! okay ? int . hallway - harriet' apartment - evening Charlie knock on the door . Rose answer . rose ( thrilled ) you be back . but harriet 's not here yet . charlie maybe I could wait . rose sure . that would be fine . she then start to slowly close the door . he prop it open with he hand . charlie Inside ? I be hope ... rose ( let he in ) I be glad you ask . I do not want to be so forward . I mean , if you be wait inside , then you feel obligate to entertain I and keep up the conversation just to be polite , and really you head might be totally elsewhere and then there 's the chance that you would really want to talk and it 's I who would be busy , but in a attempt not to be rude , I sit there and listen to some story that you do not really want to tell and I do not really have time to hear . you know ? charlie I could not agree with you more . rose I think about a lot of thing . charlie look , if you have work to do , you go right ahead . ( " ah , here 's a angle " ) I mean , to tell you the truth , I would love to see you work . rose okay ! what would you like I to do ? charlie no , I do not want to see you work . I be talk about you work . you photograph . that one that I see be so , wonderful , and ... rose harriet 's far more talented than I be . charlie well , I be sure it 's so subjective anyway and ... ( out of patience ) Rose , show I you photo . close on photograph there be two kind . beautiful travel picture and very erotic black and white portrait of young man and woman . all with a slight sadomasochistic quality . at the bottom of every photo be say : " season greeting " . charlie hey , this be some interesting photo here . very impressive . Nice shot of sauselito and ... some good bondage shot . a lot of people would not think to mix the two subject , but they be really a natural together . ( new think ) hey , you would not happen to have any picture of harriet by chance , would you ? rose ( be : she card ) well , I do not think she would wanna do this sort of ... charlie no , no , not that . just , in general some photo . any little snapshot would do . rose I doubt I would have any . harriet hate be photograph . the sound of a key in the door as harriet enter the apartment . harriet ( o.s. ) Rose -- do I see Charlie 's car out in front ? rose we be in here , harriet . harriet ( walk in ) what be you guy do ? charlie ( cover up ) oh , nothing . just look through some of Rose 's work . rose ... Charlie want a photo of you . charlie and that . that too . harriet why of I , Charlie ? charlie well , sentimental reason . something to remind I of you when we be not together . she take he in she arm and give he a knee buckle kiss . harriet there , can you remember that ? charlie okay , it 's just , I be gonna give one to my parent , too , and ... ( get nowhere ) another time would be fine . it 's hardly a matter of life and death . tv set - playing the evening news news anchorman ( on tv ) in the news tonight , regard a beverly Hills jeweler , Morris cohan , who die last week , police be now suspect that Morris 's partner , lawrence sach , may have murder he with a untraceable poison . reveal : we be in ... int . charlie' bedroom - night Charlie be on a stair master , as harriet walk in wear a robe . the tv be on in the b.g . charlie where you be ? harriet downstair . I have a surprise for you . charlie great . I just wanna do a quick twenty minute on the stair master before bed . harriet drop she robe , and from over she shoulder we see that Charlie prefer what he see to work out . charlie I will do forty tomorrow . harriet ( get into bed ) I get something much healthier for you than that . she pull out a milkshake from behind she back . charlie what be it ? harriet it 's a health shake . egg , malt , cinnamon , orange . it 's great . I mix it up downstairs . the tv set continue on about poison and poisoner . Charlie glance at it . news anchorman ( on tv ) poison have become the second lead method of murder in recent year , due to ... Charlie watch the tv , look a bit disturb . harriet offer he the shake . charlie oh , look , I be full . dinner and ... no ... harriet you will like it Charlie . charlie no , really , thanks . harriet ( put it up to he lip ) you will not try it . I spend twenty minute make it . he take it . lift it to he mouth ... then put it on the table . charlie ( sniff it ) ummm . smell good . maybe I will take some to the office tomorrow . ( run into bathroom ) I be gonna brush my tooth . be right back . Charlie go into the bathroom . charlie' bathroom harriet come into the bathroom and lay the empty glass down on the counter . harriet I be gonna take a quick shower . Charlie notice the empty glass on the counter . charlie harriet , where do the shake go ? harriet what do you care ? I drank it . ( get into shower ) you could have at least try it . you make I feel bad sometimes , Charlie . I do not know why . with she in the shower , he sneak back into the bedroom and check the trash can . nothing . then he run around the bed to the other trash can . nothing . he look thoroughly confuse as she enter the bedroom , wear a towel . she take the towel off as she slip underneath the cover . he get into bed next to she . she give he a kiss . harriet sorry . I be a little sensitive . you do not want to drink my milkshake . so what -- right ? news anchorman ( on tv ) regard the murder between the two partner , we talk to toxicologist Dr. show on the issue . Charlie and harriet be watch the news show . doctor show be patch in via the anchorman 's close circuit tv . news anchorman ( on tv ) Doctor , be it possible that one could be poison with no trace at all ? doctor show ( on tv ) certainly . there be plant that grow very commonly in we own backyard that could easily be ferment into poison . take for instance the ... charlie ( get nervous ; block out tv ) harriet , why do not we shut the light off . news anchorman ( on tv ) really ? and how easy it that to do ? doctor ( on tv ) scarily enough , quite simple . you merely take the ... charlie ( block out the tv again ) maybe we should turn the light back on . yeah that 's better . harriet Charlie , what 's the matter ? charlie nothing . harriet Charlie ... charlie well , it 's just ... ( be : the tv ) the tv . you can not even watch the news this day without get depressed . harriet I know , Charlie . and it 's not just that . look at the thing people be do . partner kill each other ... I mean , you hear a story like that , and ... who can you really trust this day ? charlie what do you mean ? harriet it 's like , have you ever stand with someone at the edge of a cliff , or the edge of a subway platform , and you think , just for a split second , " what if I push he ? " charlie well , I do not really take the subway ever , so ... Charlie turn over on he side , she cuddle up behind he . harriet I be just make a point of how many time we trust people with we life . I mean , look at we . if you do not trust I , you would never be able to fall asleep . charlie why do you say that ? harriet look at you , you be sleep . look how vulnerable you be . I mean , I could do anything at that point . charlie ( nervous ) what could you do ? harriet ( sweet and innocent ) anything . you be lie on you side , asleep , I could ... stick a needle in you ear . charlie ( grab he ear at the think ) aahhh ! harriet I be just make a point of what a good relationship we have . goodnight , sweetheart . he look very uneasy . she kiss he and shut off the light . the moon give the room a eerie glow . harriet well , good night . charlie good night . she do not close she eye . he 's scared to close he . pause . charlie well ... good night . harriet ( smile ) good night . they both look over at each other . she close she eye . he take a deep breath and then close he eye . and cover he ear with he hand . int . bart platform - day Charlie be on the crowded platform . next to he be a old lady with a lot of shopping bag . Three kid on skateboard whiz by and accidentally knock bag out of she hand . cat toy and can of cat food go everywhere . Charlie bend down and start to help she gather she stuff . lady thank you very much , young man . I have gotta get all this stuff back to my child . charlie you child ? lady when I say my child I mean my cat . you see my child move out year ago , so all I have get be my cat . I have over one hundred of they . charlie that 's a lot of cat . harriet ( o.s. ) Charlie . Charlie look up and see harriet wave to he from the subway stair . he wave back and motion . " I will be there in a second " , and continue to help the old lady . she watch from the stair . lady you see this red toy ? that 's for the Captain , he 's finicky . and this blue one ? that 's for Marco polo . two train headlight be see off in the distance . charlie do you have a name for all of you cat ? lady oh , yes . Charlie glance over at harriet , who slowly make she way down the platform towards he . lady let I see ! there 's Winston churchill , reda sovine , Thomas Edison , Andrew Carnegie ... the train be get closer and closer , and so be harriet . charlie ... he be Scottish . harriet move forward a step , Charlie move back a step . lady be not he irish ? as harriet seem to get closer Charlie continue to back up , pick up cat toy . Charlie realize he have no where else to turn . so he side step down the platform , never stop he conversation with the lady . charlie actually he be Scottish . trust I , I know this thing . harriet be move in on he . Charlie steadily make he way down the platform , feign accidentally kick cat food down the platform . the old lady be unsure what be go on , she try to keep up with he . lady now that you say it , he be scotch . Charlie run out of platform . harriet be very close to he . the train be closer , so be harriet . Charlie let out a scream . charlie noooooo ! Charlie be stand at the edge of the platform , harriet be a good six or seven foot away as the train pass by . Charlie be safe . people be all stare at Charlie curiously , include harriet and the old lady . Charlie be embarrassed . charlie ( embarrassed ) nooooooo , scotch be a drink . Scots be a people . sorry , that just always bugge I . no one know what be go on . lady I be sorry , I do not know it mean so much to you . charlie hi , harriet . ext . san francisco chronicle build - day int . chronicle announcement desk . we see a long desk with different sign that read ; births , death , and marriage . we find Charlie at the marriage counter . assistant yes , Sir , can I help you ? charlie I would like to put in a announcement of my parent forty - fifth wedding anniversary . assistant sure , it 's $ 4.50 per word , and you have get a choice of standard or bold . charlie bold , and here , I have write it out . Charlie look over to the death counter . he overhear two obituary assistant have a conversation . obituary assistant # 1 hi , Frank , busy week ? obituary assistant # 2 I have only get two . it 's dead around here . both assistant laugh . Charlie be mildly bemuse . obituary assistant # 2 well , I have get this one guy , a tourist . he have a heart attack on a cable car . obituary assistant # 1 look like he leave he heart in San Francisco . MARRIAGE assistant hey , that 's a real person you be talk about . obituary assistant # 1 you be right , I be sorry . obituary assistant # 2 well , there 's this other guy elliot , Ralph . plumber , disappear four month ago . body find in a sewer . ( pause ) obituary assistant # 1 ( despite himself ) I guess he take he work too seriously , and he life go down the drain . charlie do they mention anything about he wife ? obituary assistant # 1 ( crest fall ) you be right , I feel bad . Point take . I be mean , this be real people we be talk about . charlie no , I be serious . do he mention the wife ? obituary assistant # 1 you make you point . I be wrong to make a joke about a person 's life . charlie I really want to know about he wife . obituary assistant # 1 ( cry and shouting ) o.k. , you win . I be a bad , bad person . obituary assistant # 2 Frank take it easy . obituary assistant # 1 no , he 's right ! ( pound he head with he fist ) I be for shit , I be one insensitive asshole . charlie be there any mention of the wife ? at all ? obituary assistant # 1 no ! there's no mention of the wife ! you happy !? Charlie exit . ext . chronicle announcement office - day Charlie stand outside the announcement office , terrify . int . meat of the world harriet be talk to a customer . harriet hi. charlie I be sorry . ( beat ) I think you be a terrific woman . ( beat ) I just do not think we should see each other anymore . she move around to Charlie . she lift he chin so that he be look directly into she eye . harriet why not ? and tell I the truth . charlie the truth . okay . the truth be ... she be so close to he , and so very beautiful , it 's distracting . charlie the truth be ... I be afraid that you be ... ( he can not ) you be go to laugh . harriet I do not think so . charlie okay ... the truth be that I be afraid you be go to ki ... leave I . harriet I be go to " cleave you ? " what do that mean ? charlie leave I . not " cleave I . " reject I . and so I decide to take matter into my own hand and get it over with by ... harriet rejecting I . charlie ( he feel awful ) purely preventive ... it 's not anything you have do . harriet I know that ... so why be you leave I ? charlie ( heartbroken ) harriet , maybe I be not mean to be in a relationship . a single tear run down she cheek . she brushes it away quickly . charlie I never want to hurt you . harriet you have not . at least you leave early on . ( she 's cry ) so , that 's it , then . I have get a lot of work to do . ( to customer ) now , where be we ? Charlie go . int . spiletti's coffee house - night Charlie lie on the bar head down . tony rush in , look around and see Charlie . charlie ( without lift head ) two hour and four minute . tony , I need you , and two hour and four minute later you show up . tony sorry . I know it be irresponsible to stay at the drug bust until it be over , but ... what happen ? charlie ( slowly sit up ) I be gonna tell you , but when I do , just say nothing . do not judge I . just be my friend . okay ? tony Fine . okay . charlie I break up with harriet . tony you be a asshole . charlie what 's you point ? tony I be sorry , I just ... why ? charlie tony , she 's a killer . the ... everything . tony but nothing 's prove . the only thing you be actually sure she do so far be she 's treat you like a King . charlie I dunno , tony , I just ... tony besides , everyone have something go on with they . I mean , you can not find everything in one person . I mean , she 's bright , she 's funny , she 's independent . so maybe , and it 's really just a maybe , she kill she husband . Marriage be give and take , man . you take the good with the bad . int . charlie' bedroom - middle of the night Charlie lie in bed . he 's write in he journal . he stare out into space . inspire , he write ... angle on the journal don't be disillusioned by the scottish son as he fly , in bat - like unison charlie pause a moment to reflect , then write ... angle on the journal untrust -ing unknow-ing unlov -ing charlie thinks of something else and write ... angle on the journal this poem suck his hand reach across and scratch it out . ext . haight - ashbury STREET - day Charlie be exite a vintage record store . suddenly he find himself face to face with Sherri . she 's accompany by a handsome young man . sherri hey , Charlie . charlie hi . how're you do . ( he glance at she friend ) good , huh ? sherri I be okay . this be Michael . Michael , this be Charlie mackenzie . young guy I know . why do not you two talk . I be go over there to buy some magazine . he walk over to a magazine stand . charlie that good look and he can read ! sherri I be teach he . I hear you have a new girlfriend . charlie we break up . there be problem . sherri problem ? charlie difficulty . sherri let I guess ... ( smile ) she 's a murderer . for a moment , Charlie be too stunne to respond . then ... charlie why do you just say that ? sherri ( laugh ) what else be leave ? int . charlie' bedroom - early evening he 's on the stair master , step very lethargically . the telephone ring : he go to answer . charlie hello ... tony ( through phone ) not that it matter anymore , but I think you should know -- someone just turn themselves in for the murder of Ralph elliot . charlie really ? do she confess to the other murder ? tony just the plumber so far , but she will come along . ( after a pause ) a little old lady from Pacific Heights . Said he overcharge she on a leak sink . charlie really . leaky sink , huh ? tony anyway , crime to stop . gotta go . I will catch you later . tony hang up . Charlie stop pedale on the bike . now he really feel like shit . harriet 's not a killer . Sherri 's not a cheater . he race out of the bedroom . moment later he appear , put on a pair of pants over he exercise short , then race out the door again . ext . / int . charlie' car - early evening Charlie race along towards harriet 's house . ext . harriet' apartment door - day he race up to the door and start to bang and knock and ring ... charlie ( through door ) harriet , it 's I , Charlie . harriet ( o.s. ) go away , Charlie . charlie I have gotta talk to you , cause I miss you , and I make a mistake ... and if you give I another chance I will change . I will . I promise . I will get help , or therapy , or ... yeah , that will be great . therapy . even twice a week . I will check with my insurance to see if I be cover , but forget that . harriet ... the chain open on the door . harriet you really hurt I . charlie I will make it up to you , can we at least talk . harriet sure , talk . Rose step up behind Charlie . rose ( o.s. ) hi , Charlie . charlie aaahhhhhh . rose ( as she now proceed to be let in by harriet ) trust you first instinct , Charlie . you never do . it 's you big mistake . that and the haircut . once again , baffle by Rose , Charlie touch he hair , shake it off and look harriet right in the eye . charlie I do not want to lose you . harriet you do not lose I . you reject I . charlie I be unreject you . harriet how do I know you will not reject I again ? charlie I love you . harriet ( after a long pause ) I love you . but you blow it , Charlie , you blow it . she go into the house . Charlie stand there deject . he know he 's blow it . int . harriet' apartment - night harriet be do a load of laundry consist of bloody work clothes . suddenly she can hear the sound of music , very loudly . annoy , she go out she front door to tell she neighbor off . just as she 's about to knock on the door , she realize it 's not the source of the music . at that moment she neighbor , who be a stewardess , come out in nightclothes . stewardess I do not mean to be a pain , but I be a stewardess , and I have a early flight out in the morning . can you please keep you music down ? harriet I think it be come from here . stewardess but someone keep shouting you name over and over . puzzle , harriet rush back to she own balcony . ext . harriet' apartment - balcony - night harriet rush out and smile as she see the source of the noise . Charlie serenade harriet in the street below , accompany by a trumpeter with a mute , a double bass player and a guy on a snare . charlie harriet , harriet hard -hearted harbinger of haggis beautiful , bemused bellicose butcher untrust -ing unknow -ing unlov -ing he want you back he scream into the night AIR like a fireman go to a window that have no FIRE except the passion of he heart I am lonely , it's really hard this poem suck a crowd have gather in the street and spectator group on they balcony . they break out into applause . Charlie proudly take the applause and bow to harriet . she throw he a flower . he 's win she back . int . bathtub - harriet' apartment - night romantic with candle surround the tub . harriet and Charlie be bathing together . wherever one of they move , the water extinguish a candle and Charlie light it . this be keep he pretty busy . harriet I have be there for almost a year . I only plan on stay with she for a few week , but she get upset every time I say I be move . charlie you be close as kid ? harriet I pretty much raise she . you know the scene . depress mother ... withdraw father . ( she remember ) my dad be a photographer too . charlie really ? harriet he hate it . trudge off to that wedding every Saturday night . other people 's celebration he call it . he say sometimes they do not even offer he a glass of soda . he have a small studio , and every year at Christmas he would take a picture of I and Rose and put it in the window on a little card that say " season greeting . " awful picture . it 's like ... I could see he pain in my face . anyway , I and my sister work with we " childhood issue " in different way . she become a photographer and I become phobic about have my picture take . it 's quite a family . charlie where be they now ? you parent ? harriet Dead . car accident . there be a ring at the door . rose ( o.s. ) harriet , its for you . int . harriet' live room Charlie come out of the bathroom in a robe . harriet Charlie , I want you to meet a friend of mine . say hi to Ralph . charlie ( shocked ) Ralph ? a plain look lady in she thirty , ralph , be sit by the window . charlie ( delighted ) oh , like Ralph , the lady carpenter in Green acre ! harriet this be Charlie . charlie I love you ! ralph it 's nice to meet you . charlie ( ecstatic ) Nice ? it 's more than nice . it 's great to meet you . it 's fantastic to meet you . I just , I can not tell you how glad I be . Ralph . really . I be . ralph well , thank you , I have hear a lot of nice thing about you too , and ... he rush over to hug she . charlie oh , ralphie , I love you . swept up in he enthusiasm he towel fall off . harriet be shocked , but amused . harriet I will leave you guy alone . have a great time . Charlie realize he be naked . his arm be still wrap around Ralph . charlie I be naked , be not I ? harriet why , yes , you be . charlie I should really get dress now . he hurriedly put he towel back on , bolt to the bedroom door . just before he enter , he pause and turn to Ralph . charlie ( to Ralph ) call I . he leave . ralph ( to harriet ; a little confuse ) friendly guy . CUT to : a kitchen door open ... and Charlie 's mother , may , shoulder she way through the door , carry a happy anniversary cake with a big 45 write on it . pull back to reveal we be in : int . charlie' parent ' apartment - night May and Stuart 's 45 year anniversary party . uncle angus be at the piano play " happy anniversary " as Charlie 's parent , all they friend and harriet all sit around the piano singing : the group happy anniversary to you ... ( etc . ) the song end . May and Stuart blow out the candle . may okay , everyone come and get a piece of cake and some milk . charlie hey dad , I get a anniversary present for you ... Stuart look up , and Charlie get he in a headlock and pin he to the ground . stuart I be proud of you , son . I be proud of you . ( Stuart address the group ) I just wanna propose a toast . to my wife . forty five year ago today May and I get marry . some of you be there , some of you be not bear yet , some of you be now dead , but ... we both say , " I do " and we have not agree on a single thing since . but , I be glad I marry you May cause ... it could have be worse and besides ... I still love you . they kiss and everyone applaud . uncle angus break into , " stand by you man . " May and Stuart start to dance . Charlie look at another young couple who be touch by this sincere display of love . he look over at harriet . Stuart and May feed each other cake . Charlie approach harriet . charlie harriet , I wanna talk to you . harriet Boy , you really make some impression with Ralph . she can not get over you . charlie ( stalling ; nervous ) I be just so happy for you to have friend like Ralph . what a great friend to have . harriet be everything all right , Charlie ? you be perspire . charlie harriet ... marry I . harriet what ? charlie I want to have a wedding . with you . harriet no . charlie please . harriet I do not know , Charlie . it 's so good like it be . why do not we just live together first ? charlie because , I love you and I want you to marry I and be with I for 45 year . I want you to have my child , and I want to have you child . I know that sound like a lot of child , and they might not all get along , but ... I be finally ready to trust you and to make a commitment . marry I , harriet , please . be my wife . harriet flinch slightly at the word " wife " , but Charlie be too wrap up in the moment to notice . Stuart address the group . stuart I would like to thank Charlie for throw we this party . I hope some day you have the same great 45 year that we have have . people clap and smile . harriet look at Charlie . he have tear in he eye . harriet yes . at first it do not register . then ... charlie you will ? she smile . harriet let 's get marry , Charlie . they kiss . may ( from across room ) harriet , come here a minute . I want you and uncle angus to play a song together . harriet and Charlie kiss one last time and she go to the piano . Charlie stay in the corner , and tony come over . tony hey , sorry I be so late . what 's happen ? charlie nothing . nothing at all . just two little thing ... ( as tony look in ) that woman over there in the corner ... she 's harriet 's friend , and she name be Ralph . tony no shit . charlie and secondly ... that woman over there ... ( re : harriet ) that 's harriet , and we be get marry . tony ( excited ) fantastic ... what do I tell you . she 's a great girl . and the last thing in the world she would be be a murderer . and then harriet begin sing at the piano . harriet ( sing ) only you ... can make this world seem right ... only you ... can make this darkness light ... " tony and Charlie look at each other . " only you ? " then Charlie look at he bride with confidence . he walk over and join she . she sing to he . it 's a moment . int . jewelry store - day Charlie and harriet pick out a diamond ring . int . TRAVEL agency Charlie and harriet point to brochure of the different city they could go to on they honeymoon . they decide on a picture of the " dry creek lodge " in Oregon . int . doctor' office they be get they blood test back . harriet look at hers , casually . Charlie be nervous . reluctantly he open the file and look at it . he be pleased with the result and do a victory dance . ext . scottish presbyterian church - establishing int . scottish presbyterian church Charlie and harriet be be marry . harriet be in a beautiful wedding gown . Charlie be wear a kilt . tony be the best man . he also wear a kilt . Stuart , also kilted , May , the whole family along with a hundred well - wisher be in attendance . the scottish minister preside . Rose be in a kilt . scottish minister now , Mr. mackenzie , if you will take this woman to be you wife , through thick and thin , for better or for worse , please say : " I do " ... charlie I do ... scottish minister now harriet , if you will take this man , through good time and bad , for ever and ever , as you husband , please say " I do " ... harriet start to speak ; but right before the word come out , she stare into Charlie 's eye and stop . Charlie look nervous . so do the Scottish Minister . so do tony . so do everyone . harriet ( after a long pause ; finally : ) I do . scottish minister now Charlie ... kiss the beautiful bride ! Charlie and harriet kiss . we can see ( though Charlie can not ) harriet have a strange unsure expression on she face . tony notice it though and can not figure it out . stuart let 's get piss . the wedding march kick in be play by a drunken Scotsman on bagpipe . int . reception hall a Scottish accordionist and a drummer play scotland the brave . some older scottish auntie be clapping and hooting loudly along with the tune . some young girl cousins in traditional Scottish costume , dance the sword dance along to scotland the brave . we pass the buffet which we see be cater by " meat of the World . " then we pass a very drunken Stuart in a heat discussion with four other people . stuart you know Golden Gate park be design by a Scotsman , macclaren , which be who macclaren park be name after . the other agree heartily . May and tony be dance . May be dance uncomfortably close . she keep slide she hand down to he ass , which he then have to move back to he shoulder . then we come to William , who 's reluctantly at the child 's table . all he little cousin be queuing up for a chance to feel he head . we find Charlie in a corner . one of the hoot Scottish aunty be try to get he to have another scotch . auntie molly ( proffering the scotch ) Charlie , get this down you neck . charlie auntie Molly if I have another one I will end up underneath the table with my kilt over my head . tony join they . tony where 's harriet ? charlie I do not know . oh , there she be . she 's in the corner by herself look weird and ominous . she have enough food in front or she for three people . she eat ravenously and incessantly . Charlie go over to she . charlie a little hungry , be you ? at that moment , a flash go off . harriet look up angrily . harriet what be you ...! then she realize it 's Rose . she calm down and smile . Charlie look at she , a little peculiarly , but harriet regains she composure . harriet sorry . the flash just ... the band kick into a new dance . a young boy come up to the bagpipe man with a shot of whiskey and whisper into he ear . the bagpipe man stop the song , downs the whiskey and then break into Rod Stewart 's " if you think I 'm sexy . " from across the room we hear Stuart sing . stuart ( full volume ; sing ) if you think I 'm sexy ... and you want my body ... come on baby let I know . Stuart give the bagpiper the thumb up . the young people in the room start to jam , and then one by one the other guest start get into the swing of thing . the bagpipe man continue play . it be clear that he be far too drunk to play . he slowly keel over , drunk . and as he fall over face first , he land on he bagpipe . the bagpipe let out a atonal deflating SOUND like the last die throes of a torture animal . the bagpipe wail extend into the next scene . ext . high above coast - day charlie ( v.o. ) wait ' till you see this place , harriet . int . charlie' car - day they drive along the beautiful coast . harriet be still eat . they be listen to teenage fan club . charlie this be teenage fan Club . they be from Scotland . harriet they be great . charlie we will have the whole lodge to ourselves practically . harriet I can not wait , Charlie . charlie I wish you could be I , so you could know how great it feel to be with you . harriet it sound wonderful charlie do you think that would be a good line for a poem ? harriet honestly ? it sound a little hallmark . charlie yeah , it 's a little seal and Croft . I have a habit of sabotage relationship , and there be a million time during I and you that I could have blow this , and I just thank God that I do not ... int . police station - day tony be at he desk . the captain kick open the door , knock tony 's foot off the desk . the captain be now dress in suspender , a loosen tie , and a shirt with pit stain . captain o.k. , spiletti , I get word from upstairs that you be pokin ' you nose into that Ralph elliot case . tony yes , Captain . captain do not " yes , Captain " I , spiletti . you be outta line . this be strictly homicide . tony Captain , I get this friend ... captain friend ? yeah , we all get friend , spiletti . I be warning you , stay away from this one . back off , italian boy . you be get too close to this one . tony Captain , I know what I be do . trust I . what 's the news . captain I can not believe I be do this , but that girl who confuse to Ralph elliot 's murder also confess to other murder . tony I know she would ! I know it ! captain yeah , apparently she also confess to kill abe lincoln , julius caesar , and Warren G. harding . she 's a nut , spiletti ! tony ( get up ) oh , my god ! I gotta go ! captain yeah , screw this one up spiletti and you will be write parking ticket for the rest of you day . tony I will not let you down , Captain . tony exit for a beat , then poke he head in the doorway . tony that 's much better Captain . captain ( nice again ) you think so ? well , thank you very much . ext . police station - day tony hurry to he car . ext . gas station along the coast - day they stop at a gas station with a small mini-mart . as Charlie be fill the tank he notice harriet slip the key out of the ignition before she walk to the mini-mart for more food . harriet you want anything ? charlie Lamb chop , cream spinach , stuff tomato and a hershey bar . harriet arrive at the little ma and pa type mini-mart and smile to Charlie . charlie if they do not have all that , I will just take the hershey bar . ext . charlie' apartment build - day tony stand at the door , buzzing the buzzer to no response . int . charlie' car - early evening they be still drive along the coast . Charlie be eat he hershey bar . harriet 's eye be become a bit glaze now , she movement a little static . she keep look behind they and out the window . charlie what do you keep look behind we for ? ( joke ) be someone follow you , or ...? harriet they be . I think they be go . charlie ( curious ; pause ) what do you mean , they be ? harriet the gas station guy . I think he be chase we for a while , but I guess he stop . charlie the gas station guy ? why would the gas station guy chase we . harriet I do not know , Charlie . I guess for not pay . charlie what do you mean not pay ? you do not pay he for the gas . harriet I forget to pay ... I do not want to be away from you for any longer . charlie so , you just leave . harriet yes . and you be a accomplice . he stop mid-bite on he hershey bar . he 's confuse . charlie I be not sure I understand . harriet look , Charlie , do not you get it ? we be a team . charlie ( go with it ) I can play that game . I will get the next gas station . like bonnie &amp ; clyde . he and bonnie continue on the wind road and pass a sign that read : " dry creek lodge - 40 mile " int . hallway - harriet' apartment - day tony knock . no answer . he pick the lock and enter . int . live room - day Rose be tie up and lie in a pool of blood . tony stop for a beat , draw he gun and slowly walk over to she . just as he get there , a shutter click . rose oh , hi ! tony ( practically hysterical ) what be it with the woman in you family ? rose I be just do a murder series in honor of the wedding . tony hey , this be real blood . rose yes , harriet , give it to I . she 's a butcher . ( tony react ) ... she own a butcher shop . tony I need a picture of harriet . rose sorry . no can do . tony you take a picture at the party . I see it . rose it do not come out . tony look , Rose . I need a photo . rose the picture do not come out . ( he wait ) it be unflatter . in make she look ten pound heavier . ( he wait ) she 's my sister . tony she 's be implicate in a crime . I need the photo to eliminate she as a suspect . rose and if she 's not innocent . if she 's , you know , " quirky ? " tony if she 's " quirky " we will save Charlie 's life . Rose pull out a photograph -- Charlie and harriet . look young and in love . ext . dry creek lodge - late in the day a beautiful old Colonial mansion , nestle in the mountain and forest of the North - West . romantic and from another day . Charlie and harriet pull up in front of it . the valet open the door for they . harriet it 's like a castle , Charlie . it 's so beautiful . valet welcome to the dry Creek . you just beat the rainstorm . two hour later and the road would probably be close . charlie great . if you could help we with the luggage , we have this two in the back seat and ... as they deal with the luggage , harriet start to walk away from the hotel , away from the car , rain fall on she head . she walk straight at the camera , so only we can see she expression . her expression be one of simply " lose it " . charlie harriet ? what be you do honey ? harriet turn around and smile at Charlie . he smile back . int . lobby of dry creek lodge - evening Charlie and harriet stand at the desk . harriet be not quite pay attention . her attention span have slip to none . she 's fidgety . she look around suspiciously at everything and everyone . desk clerk welcome , Sir . we have you with we for four night , Mr. mackenzie . dinner reservation be at eight - thirty . charlie great . sound terrific . desk clerk also , you might wanna prepare some candle by the bed . we be expect the rainstorm to get even worse . we might even lose the power tonight . charlie do you hear that , harriet ? a storm . I can not think of anything more romantic than the two of we trap in we room in the middle of a rain storm . ( notice she ) you okay , harriet ? harriet just a little head -ache. ( to clerk ) Excuse I , be there a drug store in the hotel ? I want to get some aspirin . desk clerk right beyond that tree , ma be . anything you need . harriet thanks . do not go anywhere . I will be right back . harriet walk off to the lobby store , backwards , look at Charlie . Charlie watch she walk off . the desk clerk sit stare at Charlie . desk clerk you think she 's really get a head - ache ? charlie what ? desk clerk ah , nothing . here 's you key . you be in the oak room . Charlie look back at the drug store , where harriet be shopping . she wave to he . Charlie look back at the desk clerk and grab the key . CUT to : fax of the photo of charlie &amp ; harriet come out of a fax machine . int . walter' plumbing - early evening walter , the owner of the plumb store , dress in overall take the fax out and then pick up the phone . walter that 's Ralph elliot 's wife , alright . she have short hair in that day . int . martial art studio - night master cho , the new owner of the studio , dress in a gee , look at the same fax . master cho ( into phone ) Mrs. richter gain much weight since then , but it 's definitely she . int . the lizard lounge - atlantic CITY randy romano , the owner , talk into the phone , hold up the fax photo of Charlie and harriet . randy that 's he little lollipop , alright . Boy he love she . I will tell you , she be a lot of fun . smart . a doll face to boot . int . tony's cubicle - night tony be on the phone . Kathy , see before at the police station , stand with he . tony circuit be out from the storm . tony get to the police station door and open it . Kathy follow he . tony ( to Kathy ) keep try the hotel . tell the chief I just charter a plane up to Oregon . the Police Captain enter . captain ( point to he hair ) see that spiletti -- a gray hair ! every day , spiletti , I find another one . and that 's all due to you . get out there , and catch I some bad guy ! tony not now , Captain . captain ( nice again ) sorry . tony dash out of the police station and into he car . int . charlie' HOTEL room - night a beautiful suite , with a fireplace burn a big stack of wood , with another stack next to it , with a axe in it . Music be play softly on the stereo . and Charlie and harriet have just finish make love underneath the cover , illuminate just by the light of the fireplace . charlie this be the best honeymoon I could ever imagine , harriet . if we have to pack and go home right now , I would still think it be the great honeymoon ever . harriet do not respond . her head be turn from he . charlie do not you agree , harriet ? harriet ? he pull the sheet away from she face to see that she be cry . charlie ( wiping she tear ) what ? what be you cry ? what be it ? harriet it 's nothing . it 's just ... I be just think ... we be marry now . and I always want to try and have kid , and ... charlie so do i. look , there 's nothing more I would like to do than have , kid , or ... harriet it 's just , I get scared that certain thing will happen , or ... charlie what be you talk about ? you be gonna be a great Mom . I know you will . harriet it 's not that , Charlie . charlie what then ? harriet you be gonna laugh . charlie tell I . of course I be not gonna laugh . kid be a big thing . it 's hard . I be sure I have the same fear . harriet if we have kid , Charlie , thing happen . kid be healthy and fine , and some be not , and I do not know if I could live with myself if I give birth to a child with webbed foot . Charlie stop to think about this . webbed foot ? charlie webbed foot ? harriet you be laugh . charlie no , I be not laugh . harriet you think that 's silly ? charlie no , no . that 's a natural fear . I have think about that fear . harriet it really worry I , Charlie . charlie ( quite confuse ) well , look , they have , doctor -- I assume -- that deal , only with , webbed foot . and , God forbid , and I be talk strictly hypothetically , should that happen , we will find one . harriet ( kissing he ; happy now ) you be the great Charlie . charlie ( confuse , to say the least ) thanks . we should get ready for dinner . ext . / int . charter cessna - night a small plane fly through the cloud . it 's just tony and dennis the pilot . Dennis never really realize this be more than a sightseeing tour , and constantly point out scenic point along the way . dennis out you leave side , you can see the Sierra nevada , which be the large mountain range west of the Rockies ... tony great . Rockies . I do not care . Oregon . move . int . charlie' HOTEL room at dry creek lodge - night Charlie be dress very sharply in sport coat and tie . he yell into the bathroom where we can see part of harriet from behind . charlie you almost ready ? the first seating be in five minute . harriet ( from other room ) I just wanna look good for you , Charlie . that 's all . charlie I be sure you look great . I be sure you look ... harriet turn the corner , wear a nice dress . her hair look okay . she 's wear perfume . the only problem be , she have two line of mascara run down she cheek . she 's be cry . Charlie look curious . harriet do I look okay , Charlie ? charlie yes. well ... Charlie point to he own eye . harriet what 's wrong ? charlie nothing . you kind of look like tammy faye Baker right now . she look in the mirror . harriet oh , yeah . she go back into the bathroom . ext . cessna - night the plane descend towards the runway . the rain come down hard . dennis ( v.o. ) as we prepare to land , we can see off to we leave Lake shanony , which be ... tony ( v.o. ) just land . do not worry about Lake shanony . I do not give a shit about Lake shanony . the plane touch down . ext . dry creek lodge - night rain pour fantastically on the gothic castle . wind blow hard . man' voice ( v.o. ) a toast to we new friend , Charlie and harriet ... int . beautiful french restaurant in HOTEL - night a beautiful dining room with a small dance floor . Charlie sit at a intimate table for two with harriet . a small band play in the b.g. , as the band leader be make the toast . the five or six other couple in the restaurant also hold up they glass . band leader ... we be honore to be here for this very special day in ... the concierge at this point interrupt to bring Charlie a telephone . everyone stop and watch and wait . concierge I be sorry to interrupt , Sir . there 's a phone call for you from town . ( Charlie take phone ) they say it 's quite urgent . the toast , as well as the entire room , stop -- almost like a e.f. hutton commercial , wait for Charlie 's phone call to finish . charlie ( curious ) hello ? int . airport in oregon - early evening tony speak into the phone frantically . tony Charlie , you okay ? intercut phone call charlie great . could not be better . tony Charlie , listen to I ! it 's she ! harriet be Mrs. X ! she kill Ralph and the two other man ! Charlie look up across the table at harriet who be completely catch up in the event of see how long she can keep she hand in the candle before it hurt . she put it in , smile then take it out . she shake she hand , and repeat the process . charlie ( talk softly ) look , that 's great -- it just so happen though , that I meet ... ( louder than he have hope ) Ralph , and much to my delight , not only be she alive , but she 's female . I think I tell you . harriet look at Charlie , very suspiciously . he look back at she , and try to smile , pretend that he be have a pleasant , and completely irrelevant conversation . tony Rose have a picture . it check out . it 's she , Charlie . she be the murderer . harriet Charlie , you food be get cold . Charlie wave " one Minute " to harriet , as she watch . charlie so , what do I do ? tony I call the police . all the road be close , but they be on they way . in the mean time just ... the line go dead . charlie hello ? ( press receiver ) hello ? harriet what 's a matter , Charlie ? charlie ( to concierge ) the phone just go dead . I be on the phone and it go dead . concierge that 's quite common , sir . I be sure the line will be out in the whole city ' till tomorrow . enjoy you meal , sir. the concierge take the phone away . Charlie turn slowly to harriet , genuinely scared . harriet what happen , Charlie ? charlie nothing ... nothing happen . just the line be down . phone line . suddenly , the band leader continue with he toast . band leader ( over microphone ) ... so to this two young people , we wish they a long and happy life together and would like to play they song . the platter -- " only you " . the band start to play " only you " . people applaud . harriet and Charlie just stare at each other . he know . the older couple at the next table , mr. &amp ; mrs . levenstein , lean over to they table . mr. levenstein how about the traditional bride &amp ; Groom dance ? another couple walk by and pull they literally out of the they seat and onto the dance floor . other couple come on . it 's a tradition . Charlie find himself in the middle of the dance floor dance slowly with harriet . he 's scared out of he mind . the music play in the background . harriet smile strangely at he . he try to smile back , check all the exit , plan a escape . then suddenly , call it luckily , mr . levenstein , interrupt : mr. levenstein Excuse I . could I cut in on you dance ? charlie of course . sure ... Charlie give she hand away to Mr. levenstein . he take Mrs. levenstein 's hand and start to dance towards the exit , when suddenly the electricity goe out . the music be out . the light be out . in the dimmest of light provide from the cloud cover moon outside , Charlie run across the dance floor , fight for a exit to the outside . he arrive in someone 's arm on he way . charlie I need you help ! you have to help I ! I have marry a ...! the light go back on and Charlie be in harriet' arm again . her face be near menace now . she smile a very disturb grin . he do not know what to say . harriet ( much too pleasant ) hello , Charlie . Charlie and she be square off . neither speak . suddenly both of they be lift into the air . they look down and see the waiter and busboy pick they up onto chair , throw they up in the air again and again . the music play along loudly . harriet watch Charlie very closely , as Charlie look scared . then , the people start to carry they out of the room and down the hallway . waiter let 's take them to they room . concierge yeah , I be sure they have have enough of this crowd for one night . charlie my dinner . I do not finish my dinner yet . harriet smile , Charlie . Act like you be have a good time . int . oregon airport - same / night tony be talk to a attractive young girl behind the airport Rent -a - car booth . rent-a-car girl I be sorry , Sir . the road be all close . we can not rent any car this evening . tony you have to rent I something . I have gotta get up there . my friend 's in danger ... int . charlie &amp ; harriet be room - night the other hotel guest throw they inside . the room be all make up , the sheet be pull down , the firewood be cut , the axe be in the wood . concierge have a good night , you two . charlie come on in . stay for a nightcap . bellboy no , you two wanna be alone . see you . charlie ( demand ) stay for a nightcap ! bellboy Sir , I really do not think I should charlie ( shouting ) stay for a nightcap ! the bellboy be frighten and run away . charlie ( shouting down the hall after he ) stay for a nightcap ! harriet pull Charlie back into the room , frighten that he 's leave . harriet do not go , Charlie . ext . airport - night tony run out of the airport terminal where he see a man in he forty who 's just enter he four wheel drive jeep . tony ( flash he badge ) Excuse I , Sir , I be with the San Francisco Police Department . I be on official business and I be afraid I have to commandeer you vehicle . man ( unfaze ) no. tony what do you mean no ?! man I happen to know for a fact that you do not have the power to commandeer my vehicle . tony this be true . ( pause ) please can I commandeer you vehicle ? man well , where be you go ? tony to the dry Creek Lodge . man I will give you a lift . tony well , I do not want a lift , I really want to commandeer the vehicle . please just let I commandeer the vehicle . man why do not you just let I drive you there ? really , I do not mind , it 's on my way . ( pause ) tony you be not go to bend on the commandeer thing be you ? man no. tony well , if we get stop will you at least let I say that I commandeer the vehicle , but I let you drive ? man I be uncomfortable with that . tony please ? man all right . int . charle and harriet' room Charlie &amp ; harriet be all alone . the voice trail off down the hallway until they disappear . Charlie and harriet stare at each other . harriet block the door . Charlie look around the room . the axe. the corkscrew . the letter opener . the fountain pen . at this point , everything in the room look like a potential weapon . harriet take the axe . harriet I hear you on the phone before , Charlie . there 's something I have get to tell you . charlie ( frighten ) harriet , I ... harriet I have be marry before . charlie I already know . harriet about my husband ? charlie yes . and I be meaning to have a word with you . we could get a annulment . harriet ( scream ) aaahhhhhhh ! suddenly the power go off again . they be both in the dark . a scuffle . Charlie have restrain harriet , throw she in a walk - in closet and lock it . from behind the door , we hear harriet wailing . which continue . Charlie pick up the axe , look at it , relieved at he lucky escape . he rush to the door to escape . he open it and stand there be Rose . charlie aaaaah , Rose , I never think I would be so glad to see you . Rose smile . Charlie put down the axe . the light flicker back on . charlie ( go to the phone ) maybe the phone be work again by now . he listen for a dial tone . beside the phone he see a note . he start to read be : charlie ' dear , harriet . I just can not handle the commitment . I be leave you . ' sign , ' Charlie . ' and behind he Rose approach with the axe raise . charlie what the hell be this ? I do not write this ? and at that moment he turn to find the axe be flung through the AIR at he head . he duck just in time . charlie what the fuck ?! she take another swing and she hit the lamp off the desk and the room be in complete darkness . rose Charlie . why do you marry harriet ? I warn you not to marry she , do not I ? I warn all of they . but none of they listen to I . they all go ahead and marry she . she 's the pretty one . where 's harriet ? what have you do with my sister , harriet ? charlie nothing , Rose . rose if you have do something to my sister , harriet , I swear to God I will kill you . we stay in Charlie 's hip pocket as he try to get away from what he can not see . he stay very silent . harriet ( from the closet ) where be you , Charlie ? what 's go on ? then Rose strike a match . she light a candle and come toward he . he look around . the window be open . and Charlie be go . int . commandeered car - night tony and the commandeer man drive through the swampy , wind road on the way up to the hotel . tony be drum on the dash . man could you stop do that please ? ext . castle - like round tower / ledge of tower - night Charlie tightrope along the ledge of the building . the storm continue . Rose come out on the ledge and start to chase he . he round the bend . Charlie look into one room and see mr. &amp ; mrs . levenstein there . there 's loud opera music play in the room charlie call the police ! int . the levenstein be room - night same the levenstein prepare for bed . Charlie race by they window . then Rose race by . charlie call the police ! Mr. levenstein close the curtain . he can not hear . ext . ledge - night Charlie race along the slippery ledge , almost fall at several point . Rose then appear on the roof hold the axe , still . rose ( mostly to herself ; slurring most word ) Charlie , do you like you note ? I think it be pretty accurate . I do all the husband ' note . I can forge anyone 's handwrite , I can write in anyone 's style . see , I be a artist . harriet be not a artist . sure she could get a husband , but she could never have do this . and you know what I be most proud of ? charlie what 's that , Rose ? rose harriet never know . she think they all just leave she . I protect she . she 's my sister . Charlie turn and run . Rose chase he . int . bedroom tony break into the room with he gun draw . tony ( shouting ) Charlie ! harriet ( from closet ) tony , be that you ? it 's I , harriet . I be in here . carefully , tony open the closet door . harriet tony , Rose be try to kill Charlie . they be out on the ledge . tony ( not believe ) get on the floor and put you hand behind you back . harriet willingly go on the floor . harriet sure , anything . you have get to save Charlie . tony slap cuff on she and take she to the window . int . bedroom tony be stand with he back to the window , between it and harriet . she look out of the window and scream . harriet look ! it 's Charlie ! from harriet 's Pov we see Charlie on the ledge edging along . he stop in horror when he see harriet , glance back to the pursue Rose , and rush off . tony look behind he out the window . nobody be there . tony Nice try . harriet I swear to you ... it be Charlie ... look ! now there 's Rose ! Rose look into the room , with the axe in she hand . tony no you do not . harriet I beg you ... look ! it be Rose . tony oh no , not again . ( he glance at the window ) aaaaah ! Rose . int . levenstein window there be opera music play . Charlie rush by , past the window . there be a beat and he come back , stare inside in amazement . reverse angle Mr. levenstein be in a Viking outfit . Mrs. levenstein be in full norse regalia . int . levenstein window Charlie gulp and rush on , hastily pursue by Rose . int . the roof Rose pull the axe back and swing , and the momentum of the swing pull she foot out from under she , and on the slippery icy roof she fall and start to slide . just as she 's about to go off the fifty foot high roof , Charlie climb down the roof . he stand over she . she 's about to slip . her hand be lose strength . her finger be slip . the rain be fall harder and harder . Charlie walk over to the cage where she 's hang on for life . he lean down to help she up , but just as he grab on to she hand , the drainpipe she 's hold onto slip . she be now dangle from the roof , the rain fall harder and harder . Charlie now be nowhere near she . he then get down on he knee on the roof and start to climb down the side of the drainpipe to get she . Rose look up helplessly at he . not really ask for he help . not deny it . she 's accept she fate . policeman , ambulance and spectator have gather below in bunch as Charlie climb down the drainpipe , he himself hang on for dear life . he just reach out far enough to grab she hand , and just as he do , she drainpipe tear and fall into the crowd below . Charlie , then with all he strength -- he " where have this strength be my whole life " strength -- pull she up to the roof next to he . several policeman make they way onto the roof and come over to where Charlie be detain Rose . the police take she , handcuff she and cart she away . from the corner of the roof appear tony . tony I hate to bother you on you honeymoon , Charlie , but ... Charlie look beyond tony and see harriet stand in the doorway . he go over and put he arm around harriet . charlie thank God . I be sorry I doubted you , but I think you be the killer , but you be act pretty strange ? harriet I think you be go to leave I , like the other . thank God they be just murder . I think they be always leave I . below , Rose be put into a police car and take off . the siren disappear . so do the crowd . dissolve into : the SOUND of a crowd in a club : int . spiletti's coffee house Charlie be on stage look very beatnik . he 's read he poetry , but we can not hear it . he nod to someone off stage . harriet be in the audience , also look very beatnik with they three year old son , stuart , a miniature beatnik version of Charlie . charlie ( v.o. ) my dad be right . you do not lose you muse once you be marry . nothing change , except I gain a great son , Stuart . SOUND up on Charlie 's poetry . charlie married man most merry and in conclusion crowd and charlie this poem suck . the crowd go crazy . charlie thank you very much . house music kick on . it 's Saturday night by the Bay City roller . BAY CITY roller s-a-t-u-r-d-a-y night Charlie come off stage and join he wife and child at they table . he be very happy . fade out : the end