solaris by Steven soderbergh October 4 , 2001 first , over black , we hear the sound of a light rain . then : a man' voice I be not a poet . I have never move anyone with my word . ( beat ) maybe that 's why they choose I . ext . wood - day a mural of leafless tree beneath a overcast sky . rain continue to fall . maybe now we begin to notice a strange quality to the light ( or be it the sky ? ) . something vaguely unsettle . CUT to : int . bedroom - morning still , the sound of rain be hear . a man 40s , lie on he side in bed , stare at we . he have not be sleep . in fact , judge from he distant expression , he have not sleep in age . CUT to : ext . road - day less like a road and more like a path that you maneuver a vehicle through . the man , dress in rain gear , walk down the middle . he be accompany by a medium - size labrador , and seem in no particular hurry . the sound of tire appear and grow in intensity . the man , without say a actual word , instruct the dog to heal . the dog obey as the man move off the road . the vehicle hurtle past he -- its engine quiet , its window darken -- spraying muddy debris in its wake . second later , the car brake abruptly and skid to a stop . the man stop walk and stare at the car , which seem ominously still . the car then reverse direction and begin to move toward the man , who remain motionless . when the car be alongside he , a darken window turn transparent and we see a well -dress bureaucrat in the rear seat . his demeanor be pleasant and professional . well -dress bureaucrat Dr. kelvin ? the man he be address , who we now understand be CHRIS kelvin , stare back at he . CUT to : int . cabin - day the contrast between the cabin 's rustic aesthetic and the aggressively high - tech equipment contain therein be not as jarring as you might imagine . kelvin be seat in front of a desk , scrolling through a text readout on a flat , transparent holographic screen . behind he be the well - dress bureaucrat from the car , and two other : a woman in she 5as and a man in he 30 . they be also well - groom . each of they suit be embroider with a small but distinctive logo of some sort that compose the acronym dba . kelvin scroll through several menus , hit a few key , and a digitize video image appear on he screen : a man , unshaven , look into the camera . the man , gibarian , look very tired and somewhat apologetic . the lower part of the screen have a time of day and date display that read : 0221 hrs 11/14/31 . gibarian we take off into the cosmos , ready for anything : solitude , hardship , exhaustion , death . we be proud of ourselves , in a way . but we enthusiasm be a sham . we do not want to conquer the cosmos -- we want to extend the boundary of Earth to the cosmos . we be only seek man . we do not want other world . we want mirror . ( beat ) maybe we do not need to know what it be , or why . maybe just know that it be should be enough . gibarian stare at the camera for a long moment before switch it off and end the transmission . kelvin sit back . the visitor exchange glance . CUT to : int . space capsule Close on kelvin . we hold on he a long time , as a myriad of readout scroll and flash across he face . a slit of sunlight glide slowly through frame . dissolve to : kelvin in the same capsule , a month later . he be asleep . dissolve to : kelvin in the same capsule , two month later . he be dictating some coordinate to Earth . he absently scratch he heavy growth of beard . dissolve to : kelvin two month later still . he be look out he small , rectangular window , and for the fist time we cut around to see the approach planet : solaris . kelvin stare at it , hypnotize . it have a translucent quality , as though it be light from within , and its undulate , ocean-like surface slowly change color . kelvin 's attention be divert as a orbit ship , the prometheus , edge into frame . kelvin prometheus , this be Athena 7 , on approach , do you read I ? ( beat ) prometheus , this be Athena 7 , on approach , do you read I ? no response . he exhales and type on a keyboard . ext . space the Athena 7 , sport a dba logo , advance toward the prometheus . CUT to : int . prometheus kelvin , in a space suit , climb with some difficulty out of the Athena 7 , which have come to rest in the docking BAY of the prometheus . several exploratory pod fill the remainder of the area . kelvin get he bearing and look around , but see no sign of life . CUT to : int . corridor empty . ( note : except for some robotic , non -speaking character : the automate taskmaster . this be small , bug-like repair unit that constantly roam the ship , fix thing . they tiny hum be virtually silent , and we see they all the time on the prometheus . they can adhere to any surface at any angle . ) kelvin , now out of he space suit and hold a small carry case and a duffle bag , move on . CUT to : int . gibarian' room ransacked . kelvin register it , then move to the corner of the room where the computer terminal rest . within moment he have discover gibarian have record a video message for he to replay . video gibarian address the camera . he appear to be lucid , but extremely fatigue . gibarian hi , Chris . ( a light smile ) I be so glad you come . ( beat , the smile fade ) I still have a little time , and I want to tell you something . to warn you . by now you know about I , or if you do not , get snow or sartorius to tell you ; it do not matter . ( beat ) I do not lose my mind . you should be able to tell from this video . I be not mad . ( beat ) if it happen to you , remember that it be not madness . ( beat ) you should know , I be in favor of destroy solaris . I know that 's ... illegal . and unethical . and irresponsible . but it 's the only way to make it stop . a long moment of silence be break by a noise on the video , which draw gibarian 's attention offscreen . gibarian ( address whoever make the noise ) cut that out . do you hear I ? gibarian switch off the video . the computer screen freeze the last record frame and overlay a readout indicate the file have end . CUT to : int . corridor empty . but there be a door at the end of it , slightly open . kelvin move toward it . int . room a figure , seat with its back to the door , turn to see kelvin enter . this be snow . he look kelvin up and down , he expression wary and alert . kelvin snow . do not you hear I radio ? I be kelvin . a long beat . snow just watch he . snow yes . we hear . kelvin take a step forward , and snow recoil . kelvin what 's wrong ? what happen to gibarian ? snow he 's dead . kelvin how ? a beat . snow suicide . snow exhales , then look up as though he 's remember something . snow you do not bring any chocolate , do you ? kelvin what ? snow ( muse ) I love chocolate . I realize just yesterday how much I love it . ( beat , then he recover ) I think maybe , if they let you bring personal effect , you might have snuck some through , because ... well , I have be think about it . a long beat as kelvin stare at snow . kelvin what happen here ? snow lie back in he bunk . snow I can not talk just now . I be too tired . kelvin where 's sartorius ? snow in he lab . he will not let you in . kelvin ( leave ) he will let I in . snow kelvin , if you see anything unusual ... kelvin stop , but do not turn around . snow ... try to stay calm . CUT to : int . corridor kelvin stand outside a door . kelvin let I in . a beat . sartorius ( inside , muffle ) you have to give I you word you will not come in . then I will come out . kelvin all right . sartorius crack the door open and slither through the slit and into the hallway . he be of obvious intelligence and not to be mess with ; contentious , intimidating when he want to be , and probably brilliant . kelvin eye he suspiciously . kelvin what happen to gibarian ? sartorius do not you talk to snow ? kelvin I want to hear you version . sartorius ( incredulous ) who , here , could possibly care what you want ? at best , you be employee of the month for the high bidder in the solaris auction . they have no idea what 's go on up here . they have never even be in space . and I be suppose to listen to you ? kelvin I be here to recover this mission , report my finding , and make a recommendation . now : what happen to he ? sartorius the same thing that could happen to any of we . kelvin where 's he body ? sartorius in the lab . with she , probably . kelvin her ? who be you talk about ? sartorius be grab by something on the other side of he door . he struggle to keep he composure . sartorius his last wish be to be bury on Earth . in dirt , he say . " I want to bury in dirt . " what a clown . sartorius be lose the battle with whomever or whatever be on the other side of he door . kelvin they should not let people like you into space . sartorius just so you know : I be not go back until I understand what it be . I be go to figure out what it be , make it stop , and then I will go home . kelvin listen -- sartorius we be do . oh , I should tell you , I do not trust snow . there 's something wrong with he . sartorius rotate and zip back into he room . as the door close kelvin see a flash of another figure in sartorius ' room . the glimpse be too quick to judge who or what the other figure could have be . CUT to : int . corridor - day kelvin walk , explore the ship . he see something that stop he : a nude woman Black , early 20 , slip across a corridor up ahead . kelvin give chase . he see she turn a corner , but by the time he get there , she be go . CUT to : int . snow' room snow be lie on he bunk . kelvin be there anybody else here ? snow ( sit up a little ) why , who do you see ? kelvin gibarian warn I . he leave I a message . snow who be it ? kelvin she be real . where do she come from ? snow look at he but do not respond . kelvin tell I . I will not think you be insane . snow oh , that 's a relief . snow lie back down . kelvin where do she come from ? a beat . snow how much sleep do you need ? kelvin how much sleep ? snow how long can you go without sleep ? kelvin that depend . snow well , when you do go to sleep : barricade you door . snow roll over , away from kelvin . CUT to : ext . space solaris . quiet , but still active somehow . kelvin ( v.o. ) the prometheus , as far as I can tell , be functionally intact . Crew status : one dead , gibarian . Cause of death appear to be suicide . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin speak into a video communication device . as he do , we see image of the thing and people he describe . kelvin interview with the survive member and a perusal of the decease 's personal effect indicate he be suffer from severe depression with psychotic feature , along with bout of hypomania , dementia , delirium , and primary insomnia . all of this symptom , combine with a profound sense of isolation , be commonly find in study of low stimulation environment , particularly long range space travel . snow and sartorius show indication of depression , include dysthymic and bipolar I ; a variety of stress disorder , include acute and posttraumatic ; and suggestion of agoraphobia , obsessive / compulsive disorder , and hypersomnia . I emphasize this be preliminary opinion on my part . I will attempt to convince snow and sartorius to return to Earth , but as they currently view I as a intruder of sort , this may take some time . CUT to : int . kelvine room later . kelvin be lie down . the light be out , and he be try to sleep . after a moment , he get up , check the lock on he door , and lie back down . then he get up and move a chair in front of the door , and lie back down . then he get up and put two heavy case on top of the chair , and lie back down . laugh to himself , he drift off to sleep . silence . another angle on kelvin , asleep . another angle on kelvin , still asleep . then : extreme close - up : a woman' lip , slightly parte . back to kelvin asleep . then : int . train - day continue silence , and : rheya , 30 , stare at we , practically dare we to look away . her obvious intelligence and confidence make she extremely compelling , along with the fact that it be she parte lip we be look at a moment ago . her expression indicate she 's in a very raw emotional state . reverse angle kelvin be the person she have lock eye with on the train . he be young here ; not just in age , but in spirit . the contrast with he older self be strike . back to kelvin asleep on the ship . after a beat : extreme close - up : rheya 's lip . except the circumstance be clearly different : it 's darker and there be not the side - to- side shimmy of the train car . a wider view reveal that rheya be not sit on the train -- she be sit in kelvin 's room on the prometheus , right now . she be stare at kelvin and she be ethereal in she stillness . kelvin awaken , blink , and slowly recognize she . if he be not entirely surprised it be because he have obviously dream of rheya before . he look at she , simply . rheya stands and make she way to kelvin . without hesitation she kiss he and they begin to explore each other and we see all of it happen and two thing be obvious : first , they have do this before , and two : they have not do it in some time . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be asleep , rheya in he arm . he wake up and look at she , perplex . after a beat he rise to sit on the edge of the bed . a wave of terror be barely suppress as he put he hand to he forehead . rheya open she eye . kelvin oh , God . I be awake . rheya yes . he look at she . kelvin where do you come from ? she move to he and kiss he as if that 's all she want to do , forever . between kiss . kelvin how be you here ? she stop . rheya how do you mean ? ( beat ) Chris , what 's wrong ? hear he name speak by she ( and that particular word , perhaps ) nearly cause kelvin to scream . he stand and move to the chair . rheya watch he . rheya I love you . he look up at she for as long as he can . then he look down . rheya do you love I ? he do not look up . kelvin yes . a beat . kelvin I need to see snow . rheya I will go with you . kelvin ( rise ) I will just be a minute . she bolt out of bed . rheya do not . kelvin why ? rheya I do not know . I can not be alone . kelvin I will be right back . she be try to accommodate he but she fear of be leave alone be palpable , even excessive . he see this and put he arm on she shoulder to comfort she . kelvin all right . all right . here . he hand she a few pill and retrieve a glass of water . rheya what be they ? kelvin to calm you anxiety . rheya to calm my anxiety . she take the pill and smile . CUT to : int . docking BAY kelvin lead rheya to one of the exploratory pod . they be in space suit . rheya we be take a flight ? kelvin yes . he open the door of a pod and indicate for she to enter . she be unsure . kelvin go ahead . I will close the door behind I . she stare up and into the pod . kelvin watch she go with difficulty and then close the door behind rheya . he walk across the docking bay to the control room and begin preparation for the pod to be jettison . kelvin in agony as he watch a real - time , beat - by -beat brand of technological murder take place : rheya 's pod be push off into space . rheya her face contort in confusion , watch through the pod window as the docking bay door close in front of she with a brutal finality . kelvin collapse to the ground , shattered . insert : a woman 's hand , rest on the floor of a apartment . the finger be be lick by a labrador puppy . another insert : a pot of coffee , on the boil . except that it have be leave unattend for too long ... another insert : a rain -streak window . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin , on the edge of he bed . he want to tear himself inside out . a voice call over the intercom : snow 's . snow be she breakfast conversation that bad ? kelvin shut up . snow I tell you , try to stay calm . you be suppose to be the psychologist of the bunch . kelvin what be it ? kelvin rise and go to wash he face . snow personally , I think it 's God . at least , it fit my definition . kelvin and professionally ? snow I be not sure . ( beat ) it start with gibarian . he lock himself in he room and refuse to talk except through a crack in the door . he cover the video lens . obviously we think he be have a nervous breakdown . I do not know why he do not tell we he have somebody in there . by this time , we be get visitor , too . he be desperately try to figure it out . Day and night . ( beat ) who be she ? kelvin my wife . snow Dead ? kelvin nod . snow she have materialize from you memory of she . what be she name ? kelvin rheya . snow it start about three month ago . right after the government sell the expedition . we be ready to go home . kelvin will she come back ? snow probably . kelvin I wish you would tell I . snow told you what ? a beat . snow what will you say ? kelvin to who ? snow what be you go to report back to Earth ? kelvin I do not know . snow a enormous amount of money change hand to get control of this project . we be in little danger of be leave alone for long . ( beat ) you will need to do something . otherwise they will be send someone out to recover you . kelvin gibarian say he think solaris should be destroy . snow that 's ludicrous . this be contact . we have find God . the only issue be figure out how to prove this in a way that will make sense back on Earth . so how will we describe it , if we choose to describe it at all ? CUT to : int . conference room before kelvin 's arrival . gibarian be talk to snow and sartorius . gibarian a pre-biological colloidal envelope , possibly exceed terrestrial structure in complexity ; a plasmic mechanism . probably without life as we conceive it , but capable of perform functional activity on a astronomic scale . my view be that solaris have reach , in a single bound , the " homeostatic ocean " stage without pass through stage of terrestrial evolution . I think it bypass cellular development altogether . it have not take endless eon to adapt itself to its environment , but in fact dominate its environment immediately . from the moment it exist , it be the most superior element in the Universe . and now it pass the time do extravagant theoretical think about the Universe , with we as the cast . we now show this scene be play out on a video monitor , watch by kelvin . gibarian it 's engage in a never -end process of transformation ; a ontological autometamorphosis , begging the question : can think exist separately from consciousness ? snow it 's God . sartorius I do not care what it be , we need to figure out how to make it stop . gibarian Nelson , we have the opportunity -- sartorius what if this thing follow we back to Earth ? what if what 's happen here start happen on Earth , on a mass scale ? do not you see that as a problem ? I think it 's a serious mistake to assume it 's benign . for all we know it 's drive we crazy so it can watch we kill each other . gibarian consider this . snow we be not even sure it will let we leave . CUT to : another video this time , gibarian alone . near the end . gibarian maybe it 's stick . maybe its power be not that god-like . I mean , we have god-like power relative to a insect , but that do not mean we can move the Earth around at will . maybe it 's like a spider web , wait for something to show up . ( beat ) we intercept some brief fragment of what must be a everlast monologue with itself . of course it be beyond we understanding . ( beat ) I have come to hate it here . there 's only one way out of its reach , for we . human . CUT to : int . lab kelvin stare at gibarian 's body , which be lie under a sheet in the ship 's operate room . also under the sheet , next to gibarian : the Young girl . gibarian ( from a video ) I think I would be behave normally , rationally . but a sign of insanity be the inability to think about more than one thing . so if I be consume by the idea that I be insane and can not think of anything else , then I be insane . ( beat , smile ) you ask question at the end of you life , the sort of question people who be content do not ask . ( beat ) maybe life just can not be solve . CUT to : ext . space a shot hover over the surface of solaris . int . kelvine room kelvin be lie down , look at the door . after a beat , he turn out the light and roll over . CUT to : int . kelvine room time have pass . kelvin be asleep . rheya lean into frame and kiss he . without even waking , he kiss she back , hungrily . kelvin rheya ... rheya I want you inside I right now . they make love . it 's even better than before . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin and rheya be asleep . CUT to : int . train - day kelvin , stare intently . what he be stare at be rheya , who be seat across from he . she do not see he , yet . when she do , she lock eye with he and do not look away . this continue until she get off the train . kelvin watch she go , and she look back at he through the window as the train pull away . int . party - night rheya enter , look around . she spot kelvin , who have already spot she . they expression indicate they be pleased to see each other again . he approach she , and they stare at each other a long time , until : kelvin " and death shall have no Dominion " . rheya Book ? kelvin poem . Dylan Thomas . I think of it when I see you on the train . rheya my Thomas be a little rusty . he lean over and whisper into she ear . she listen , and when he finish , she lean back and look at he , intrigue . genuinely intrigue . he smile . rheya not a very happy poem . kelvin you do not look very happy . rheya I be not . kelvin and tonight ? rheya better . he nod , and they smile . they seem to be root for each other . after a extend pleasurable moment , rheya lean over and whisper in he ear . he listen , then lean back and look at she . kelvin that 's good to know . CUT to : int . friend apartment - night another night . rheya be wound up . not drunk , something else . she have a odd look in she eye . we be at a dinner party , and there be people try -- but fail -- not to watch . rheya you want to fuck she ? kelvin stop it . rheya you behave as though you want to fuck she . kelvin rheya . not here . rheya and I just want to know if I be crazy or not -- if what I think be happen be actually happen . or be I one of that people , that woman , who be blind to what 's go on ? who pretend not to see they husband 's attention toward another woman ? kelvin let 's go home . rheya you go home . kelvin I be . please come with I . I do not want to do this here . rheya you talk like a actor . he be stung . CUT to : int . apartment - night the immediate aftermath of the precede scene , but at home now . rheya cry as she embrace kelvin . rheya I be so sorry . I be so sorry . he be unmove , but she labor to change he mind . CUT to : int . apartment - morning rheya , in a chair , remorseful , kelvin be dress . kelvin you be better when you take they . rheya I know , I know . but still , somehow I do not feel better . kelvin all right . how about I feel better when you take they ? a beat . rheya right . they look at each other and understand ; she will take the pill . CUT to : int . apartment - morning rheya , on the floor , dead . her hand outstretch , a repeat of a image we see earlier . rain streak the kitchen window . the bottle of pill nearby . CUT to : int . prometheus rheya be take she pill . kelvin watch . kelvin what do you remember ? rheya what do you mean ? kelvin do you remember Beethoven ? the Beatles ? movie , book , restaurant , friend ? rheya ( think ) yes . but not until you mention they . as soon as you say that thing , I remember they . and they have association that make I think of other thing I remember . it 's like fill up . she look out the portal at solaris . rheya be it a planet ? kelvin not exactly . it exist in a continuum that be not prove until ten year ago , a higher mathematical dimension superimpose on top of the Universe . a infinite number of they , in fact . it be a violation of all of we various law regard the Universe , Space , or Space - time . it be completely counter-intuitive . we have to unlearn everything . rheya be it intelligent ? kelvin intelligent beyond we comprehension . rheya then it 's God , right ? kelvin it 's something . rheya you still do not believe in God ? kelvin the whole idea of God be dream up by a silly animal with a small brain call man . even the limit we put on it be human limit . it can do this , it can do that ! it design , it create ! rheya even a God that be not active , that just create something and stand back and watch ? kelvin you be talk about a man in a white beard again . you be ascribe human characteristic to something that be not human . human being look for cause and pattern . how could we know what solaris be up to , if anything ? a beat . rheya but what if solaris be what there be before the Big bang ? kelvin as I say , it be beyond we comprehension . rheya as I say , then it 's God , right ? she look at he and can not keep from smile , eventually . rheya why be we talk about this shit when we could be fuck ? kelvin smile . the intercom come to life . snow kelvin , you awake ? kelvin what be it ? snow can you meet I and sartorius on B deck in a hour ? kelvin why ? snow just a little strategy session . but in person this time . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be get ready to leave . rheya sit on the edge of the bed , nervous . kelvin all right ? she nod and kelvin exit , lock the door behind he . we sit with she for a moment as she try to remain calm . in the corridor kelvin listen . a long time . satisfied , he begin to walk away but be stop by the sounding of a crashing glass from within . he hear footstep approach the door , and then a fierce pounding . he take a step back . a inhuman amount of noise begin emanate from the other side of the door , which be now threaten to break apart . it sound like a plane be crash in kelvin 's room -- no human could create this kind of cacophony . finally , he step forward and press the button to open the door . rheya be reveal , cover in blood . she have completely tear the inside of the cabin door apart and have badly injure herself in the process . kelvin rheya ... confused , she look up at he as he take she in he arm and carry she to the bed . rheya what happen ? kelvin you be try to break down the door . do you know why ? rheya when I see you be go I get scared . he put she down on the bed and run to the bathroom , where he gather all the first aid material he can find . returning , he blanch . rheya 's wound have heal ; in fact , they be healing in front of we . she look up at he and do not like the look on he face . rheya Chris , what 's wrong with I ? CUT to : int . lab kelvin run rheya through a battery of test and study the result . rheya be I all right ? a beat . kelvin yes . CUT to : int . B deck conference room snow and sartorius wait for kelvin . snow he will not do it . sartorius why do you say that ? snow he will not . kelvin enter , with rheya . snow and sartorius exchange glance . kelvin this be my wife , rheya . she look at snow and nod . sartorius she hate instantly , and the feel seem to be mutual . sartorius we think you would be alone . we want to talk about ... snow we want to talk freely . kelvin go ahead . sartorius begin . sartorius I suggest we pool we knowledge regard the ... visitor . we can express whatever question or conclusion we might have ... share information about we various ... experiment . agreed ? kelvin and snow nod . sartorius I would like to start with motivation . why be they here ? sartorius look at rheya . she look away . sartorius they be not autonomous individual and they be not actual person . they be projection materialize from we mind , base on a give individual . snow it 's a experiment . kelvin no . there 's no behavior modification . sartorius she reappear exactly as she have before ? kelvin look at rheya and nod . she be strike by the word " before " . snow the same vulnerability ? he nod again . sartorius a recoil , with no compensate mechanism . snow and when a give situation no longer correspond to the normal faculty of the ... original , the visitor suffer some sort of disconnect consciousness . sartorius follow by non-human manifestation . snow be the action of solaris premeditate ? kelvin be it be deliberately cruel , you mean ? I do not think so . snow I be just try to find a explanation for the continual reappearance . kelvin ( to rheya ) when you cut yourself pound the door , do it hurt ? rheya yes. ( look around ) of course . sartorius if they be not learn anything and they be not modify they behavior , why do they come back ? snow it 's like they be plugge into a game , which go around and around , endlessly repeat itself . CUT to : int . apartment - night this be ten year ago . rheya enter , alone . she cross to the kitchen and make a drink . almost immediately , the labrador puppy enter from the bedroom and stand beside she , tail wag . she ignore it and continue mixing she drink . halfway through this activity , the bedroom light come on . a moment later , kelvin be in the doorway . eventually , but not angrily , because he 's still not really awake : kelvin where have you be ? rheya I be think about how much I hate you . she finish make she drink , drink it , and walk out the door . kelvin stand in the doorway for a beat , then pivot and return to bed . the light go out . rheya ( v.o. ) yes , I remember that . I go back to lois ' house and spend the night . that be dark day . CUT to : int . party - night kelvin and rheya , later in the evening when they speak for the first time . they be absolutely infatuated with each other ; they know something be happen between they , will happen between they . rheya I would have this -- I do not know how to describe they -- vision , when I be young . maybe not vision , but like this waking dream state . time would just collapse , I would be inside time . I would stare at a second hand on a clock until it stop . freaky stuff . kelvin how old be you ? rheya Seven , eight . so one day my mother catch I sort of stare off into space , and she ask I what I be do , and I start try to explain to she , about this state that I can put myself in , and this look come over she face . kelvin what kind of look ? int . kelvine room kelvin and rheya sit together in the prometheus . rheya continue she story without a beat . rheya scare . no , not scared . wary . like I be something to be ... she guard go up . I be a threat . now I know why . she be afraid she would be see . that I would see she for the self - obsessed neurotic that she be . I think she think she have a few more year of be on a pedestal . but that 's the cycle , right ? I know a little more than she do , she know a little more than she mother , and on and on . ( beat ) I guess that 's part of the reason why -- kelvin I know . I know . we do not have to talk about that . another beat . rheya I remember day of just think about you . int . office - day intercut kelvin and rheya at they respective job , go through a normal day . there be no sound . as we see this image , it 's clear that kelvin and rheya be slightly not present in they respective encounter with other people ; they be distract by the idea of each other . and they like it . rheya think what you be do and say , just be consume by think of you . I love it so much , that feel . kelvin I do too . int . apartment - night rheya on the edge of the bed , face away . kelvin I use to watch you undress . as she do : kelvin I never tired of watch you undress . every time , it be exciting . right until ... to the end . a beat . then a shot of kelvin that we have see before : him leave they apartment , angry . on the prometheus a beat . rheya what happen to we , exactly ? kelvin you do not know ? rheya shake she head . kelvin just watch she . rheya I remember ... something burn . coffee burn . int . apartment - day the rain-streaked window . a automated coffee maker have be leave on , and the solidify coffee at the bottom of the pot be smoking . rheya 's body be on the floor of the kitchen . rheya ( on prometheus ) she be look at kelvin . he be dread this . rheya you find I ? he nod . it 's come back to she . int . apartment - day kelvin be yell at rheya . we do not hear what he 's say , but judge from she reaction , it 's not pleasant . she be cry . rheya ( on prometheus ) experience this all over again . kelvin come and sit in front of she . int . apartment - day kelvin , still yell , be pack some thing into a suitcase . rheya , between sob , plead with he . rheya ( on prometheus ) her eye fill with tear . kelvin embrace she . kelvin I be sorry . I be sorry . rheya be devastate , inconsolable . rheya why do you say that thing ? kelvin I do not know . I could not understand why you do not tell I . int . apartment - day rheya lie on the kitchen floor , dead . there be a note in she hand . kelvin kneel next to she . kelvin ( on prometheus ) with rheya still in he arm . kelvin when you say you would not make it ... I do not believe you . or I do not take you seriously , which be worse . int . apartment - day kelvin hold the dead rheya . kelvin ( on prometheus ) squeeze she . kelvin I should have believe you . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin lie in bed , he eye open . rheya be in he arm . CUT to : int . apartment - day rheya , talk to Chris . obviously during a period when they be get along . or at least : not fight . rheya I can not help feel that I be cheating when I take they . kelvin it 's genetics . you know this . you know where it come from . there be nothing wrong with uncross a few cross wire . she know , intellectually , that he be right . but it do not matter . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be out of bed and speak into a videophone to snow . rheya be asleep in the background . the room be dark except for the glow of the screen . snow you be unnerve because you have spend you whole life think nobody be look over you , and suddenly you subconscious be a open book . we be , for the first time , experience change in natural reality by a force not we own . that prove that -- kelvin -- we be not sure of that . we be not sure we be not all hallucinate . snow if God be beyond we comprehension , and she -- ( meaning rheya ) -- be here for reason that can not be understand , be not God here ? kelvin not necessarily . snow stop equivocate ! unbelievable , how you equivocate ! you , the atheist , you be more dogmatic than any holy person I have ever see ! this be happen , Kevin . wake up . kelvin consciousness be enough , that 's all I have say . consciousness should be enough for anybody . snow who be you try to convince ? kelvin just look back at rheya . snow it will end badly . as inevitably as the rise of a bubble . kelvin do not respond . snow let 's all meet tomorrow . sartorius have some new idea , about make it stop . kelvin just keep stare at rheya , asleep . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be eat with rheya . look at she . desire she . rheya do you have any idea how much I like fuck you ? kelvin I think so . rheya good . because I want you to know . I really like fuck you . he lean over and whisper in she ear . she smile and lean back . rheya I like that too . kelvin ( v.o. ) how could she not be real ? I can smell she , taste she . she do exactly what she do ... it 's not possible . rheya ( smile , teasing ) you know , I have decide : I be just gonna believe what you believe about this whole solaris thing , it will make life so much easier ; the little wife agree with she big , strong husband . you must get such a headache think about that great Big problem all day . he just stare at she -- he really like this . it 's familiar , this type of teasing , and it remind he of when thing be good . kelvin ( v.o. ) like I say , it 's not possible . a beat . rheya so , Chris , seriously , be not you afraid you be go to get fire ? they laugh . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin and rheya , post-coital . relaxed . on the verge of sleep . rheya you sure say " God " a lot when we be do it . kelvin I know . I be put that in my next report . she smile . rheya right . the report . report and recommend . they consider that . rheya what do snow think you should do ? kelvin snow think we should not leave until we figure out a way to document it , to prove its existence to the planet Earth . this be hilarious : he think it 's God , but he want it to sit still for a photograph so he can show the folk back home . they smile at this . rheya 's smile fade before kelvin' . rheya sartorius want to destroy it . kelvin well . he do not think it 's God , but for different reason than I . he 's think : if I can figure out how to make it stop , than I be smarter than it be , and therefore it cannot be God . rheya he have a point . kelvin he do have a point . that 's just not the way I would like to see it prove . rheya you feel sorry for solaris , or for I ? kelvin it 's a violent response to something we have not figure out . do not let the cowardly demeanor fool you : he be ruthless . unblink in he prejudice . rheya it be obvious from the way he first look at I . a beat . he hold she . rheya do I really feel like ... I be ...? kelvin yes . yes . rheya I be glad . a beat . CUT to : ext . solaris turn , slowly . CUT to : int . apartment - night then year ago . kelvin , naked , sit in a chair , in the dark . rheya , also naked , be smoking a cigarette in bed . kelvin everything you pursue , you end up become disinterested in . the fact that you be good at everything you try make it worse . you have a degree in animal science , you could be a terrific vet . you drift into write and turn out to be a perceptive journalist . then it be politics , which seem best of all , you have a actual gift for understanding the best pattern for a group of people to be arrange for you to achieve you goal . and they do not even know they be be arrange . but you get bored with it , like you do with everything . she just smoke , not really look at he . maybe it 's a common observation and she 's past be defensive about it . kelvin I do not know what it 's really like , to not know what you want to do . to not have anything that you love to do more than anything else . a beat . he look at she . she seem more interested in she cigarette at the moment . rheya ( sarcastic ) imagine my frustration . CUT to : int . kelvine room on the prometheus . rheya be awake , kelvin asleep . she rise and go to sit in a chair ; she be anxious , something we have not see before . kelvin wake up , look at she . noting she expression : kelvin what 's wrong . rheya you do not love I . kelvin stop . a beat . she look down . rheya I have to talk to you ... I ... I do not know where I come from . ( up at he ) do you know ? he do not respond . rheya if you know but can not tell I now ... will you ever be able to ? calmly : kelvin what be you talk about ? rheya that I be not rheya . that rheya die . kill herself . I be different . he 's look at she , and know this be dangerous territory . kelvin who have you be talk to ? rheya ( no reason to lie ) sartorius . kelvin when ? when I be asleep ? she nod . he can only imagine what form sartorius ' anecdote must have take . kelvin I be sure there be worse people to talk to , but I do not know who they be . rheya I be just try to understand what 's go on . a beat . rheya how have you live the last ten year ? do you love anyone ? a long beat . kelvin shake he head . rheya do you think about I ? another beat . he nod . then : rheya but we fight . kelvin yes . especially toward the end . rheya why do she do it ? kelvin you ... she say I do not love she . rheya be she right ? kelvin no . I love you . rheya ( reflexive , but genuine ) I love you , too . if she seem satisfied for the moment , kelvin know the feel will not last . kelvin can you sleep ? rheya I do not think do . it 's not sleep ; it 's something else . it 's all around I . kelvin that be dream . she fall asleep . fade out . fade in : int . conference room kelvin , rheya , sartorius , and snow . they be in the middle of a heat discussion . snow gibarian be under enormous -- sartorius gibarian be helpless . it 's very simple : man create the science that result in the discovery of solaris , and the ship that bring we here . kelvin meaning man can do whatever the fuck it want ? sartorius yes . kelvin that 's fantastic . sartorius why do you agree to come here ? a beat . sartorius too tired to answer ? look at rheya , then back to kelvin . sartorius I will bet . be this what they send you here to do ? you have lose it , you have go native . kelvin move toward he . sartorius just let he come . rheya ( to sartorius ) you be the coward . kelvin do not debate he ; he will say anything . rheya ( still , to sartorius ) I be just as human as you . I see , I hear , I touch , and I feel just like you do . sartorius prove it . rheya this " guest " be a part of you , of you subconscious . Chris love I . sartorius you be not human ! try to understand that if you can understand anything ! kelvin be within a inch of he face . kelvin get out of here . slowly , carefully , sartorius grasp kelvin by the shoulder . then he lean in and whisper in kelvin 's ear : sartorius rheya be dead . she 's a copy . a facsimile . and she 's seduce you all over again . you be sick . you think of fuck she as research for humanity . it 's just fuck . kelvin back away . sartorius there 's nothing grandiose about it . you have jump out of a plane and you be try to sew a parachute together while you fall . sartorius turn ... sartorius it would be hilarious if it be not so damn sad . and leave . a beat . snow we do not even get to hear he new idea . snow wander toward the door . snow I be not feel well . he pass kelvin and leave . kelvin watch he , then look at rheya . she seem daze . CUT to : ext . solaris the fog-shroude surface , shifting and turn like a ocean . CUT to : int . kelvine room rheya be asleep . kelvin be talk to snow on the videophone . snow we can liquidate the station . take the Athena back . kelvin no . snow of course , when we return , we will be regard as lunatic if we tell the truth . ( shrug ) we will chalk it up to isolation , collective derangement . kelvin I have never hear you express any desire to leave before now . why now ? snow well , I think we be reach the point of diminish return here , right ? certainly it 's learn more about we than we will ever learn about it . kelvin but why be it do what it 's do ? give it 's resource , it could have do anything . present I with you double , and you with mine . snow perhaps it do . kelvin human being can die . snow but they be human . they certainly become human with incredible speed . first they be like they be in we memory , but then they fill in on they own . DNA do not determine the hundred of trillion of connection that occur in the brain , it 's not dense enough . they build up with experience . int . kelvin be room - earlier Quick glimpsis of rheya . in several of they she be in repose , think , as if to illustrate snow 's point . int . kelvine room back to kelvin , think . kelvin they come when you sleep . snow that 's right . and we all have to sleep , eventually . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin on the bed with rheya . they eye be close . we think they be asleep until : rheya you do not want I . kelvin rheya . rheya that 's what you be say . I hear what you be say . kelvin for a reason that neither of we understand , you be force to stay near I . that 's all I know right now . she realize she do not want to argue . not right now , anyway . rheya I have this strange thought , I do not know where they come from . ( beat ) I can not explain it . kelvin neither can I . not any of it . there 's no reference point for what 's go on ; it 's never happen before . it 's a clean break in the fabric of the Universe ; a gap . there be nothing to do but experience it , moment - to - moment , and not let it destroy we . rheya but that 's what happen before . kelvin not this time . he kiss she . she want to believe he , so she say nothing . then : rheya do you want to stay here ? kelvin do you ? rheya if you be here . they kiss again ... dissolve to : int . kelvine room kelvin be asleep . rheya be next to he . offsccreen , we hear the door open . someone walk quietly ( though not surreptitiously ) through the frame and sit . after a long beat , kelvin bolt upright , he mind struggle to clear . when it do : kelvin gibarian . gibarian leave the light off . a beat . kelvin try to get he bearing . gibarian I wish you would come a little sooner . I might not have have to kill myself . he smile , look at kelvin . gibarian you think you be dream I , like you dream she . understand something : I be the real gibarian . just a new incarnation . kelvin what do you want ? gibarian you be be trick . sartorius pick a fight with you to avoid tell you about he idea for get rid of the visitor . he 's figure out they be make of subatomic particle call neutrino , and he 's go to create a negative neutrino field . twenty four hour a day , until they be back on Earth . kelvin can it work ? gibarian it can . ordinary matter , like ours ? not affect . everything else , disintegrate . kelvin register this . gibarian what I be say be : do not trust anyone . find yourself a weapon of some sort . kelvin I can trust rheya . gibarian you will end up like I . kelvin you be not gibarian ... gibarian no ? who be I , then ? kelvin a puppet . gibarian and you be not ? maybe you be my puppet . but like all puppet , you think you be actually human . it 's the puppet 's dream . wonder if they be human ! gibarian smile . kelvin wake up , gulp air . rheya , startle : rheya what 's wrong ? kelvin gibarian . he be here . rheya you say he be dead . kelvin he be . but he be here ... he move to the chair , look for some residue of gibarian , some proof . find none : kelvin he speak to I . kelvin leave the room . after a few beat , rheya follow . int . lab rheya linger behind kelvin , who be look at gibarian 's body . it be there , alone on its slab ; even the Young girl be not with he . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin , think . he give rheya some pill to take . she just look at they . kelvin be you go to take they ? she nod and take they . rheya what 's happen to we ? kelvin it 's all right . rheya please do not lie . I tell you before , I do not know how I come to be here . whatever you think you can not say to I , I need to hear you say it . kelvin I love you . rheya do not . I be the one at risk here . if we be play out what happen before , I will not survive . he go to she . kelvin that will not happen again . we be different . rheya how can I tell ? you have see both of I . I only know what you be like here . you be all I know . there be no " you " from before . she sit , frustrated . sad . rheya how could it be so cruel ? how could it torture we like this ? kelvin I do not think it know it 's torture we . it 's just watch . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin and rheya , in bed . she look despondent . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be asleep . alone . after a long period of silence , we hear the faint sound of a instrument of some sort hit the ground . after another beat , kelvin awaken . he notice that he be alone , and something tell he that 's not a good sign . CUT to : int . lab rheya be on the ground , convulse . beside she be a SMALL steel drum , which be spilling a strange - look liquid that solidify and vaporize with a smoky hiss . kelvin move to rheya and be startle to see that half of she face and throat be burn away -- not melt as in a fire , but merely eat cleanly away . he pick she up . int . corridor kelvin be carry rheya . snow stick he head out of a pass room . snow what happen ? kelvin she drank liquid oxygen . int . kelvine room kelvin put rheya on the bed . her face and throat have return to normal , but she be not breathe . kelvin go and put he head to she chest , but do not hear what he hope to hear . he stand , still look at she . snow seem very detach . a uncomfortably long moment as we realize she be actually not go to wake up . kelvin she 's dead . snow say nothing . then : her finger twitches . barely noticeable at first , but grow in intensity . kelvin see it , and go to she . she be start to shake a little , as though cold . snow she will come back , do not worry . but then what ? my theory be she can only live here , that she will die if she leave this ship . kelvin be still look at rheya , who be shaking a little harder ; it 's feel like a seizure now . snow why do you think she have not suggest that ? it 's the most obvious solution : escape . she know she can not leave here -- kelvin get out -- snow oh , this one you love ? what about the first one , the one you fuck and then put into a rocket and blast into space ? you do not love she ? rheya be shaking much harder now , kelvin try to hold she still , but she 's too strong . he stand , reluctantly , and watch she . snow what happen if she come back ? be that polygamy ? and even if you could take she home , how would you get she through ? you think they be not go to notice she ? rheya be shaking violently now , as if a rippling rhythmic force be coursing through she . snow , as he look dispassionately on the two of they : snow I never get use to they , this ... " resurrection " . he leave . rheya continue she process of " waking up " -- it 's violent , even sexual . she spasm to a peak of some sort , and then slowly return to normal . kelvin put he hand on she forehead . she gradually begin to open she eye . she look at kelvin . it take she a moment to realize she should not be see he ; she should not be see anything . she should be dead . she begin to cry . rheya what be I ? why can not I die ? she turn away . rheya I be not rheya . you be always know that . kelvin rheya -- rheya do not call I that . he turn she over . kelvin listen : I do not care about anything but the fact that you be here . you be she , you be rheya . rheya I be disgusting . kelvin no . rheya you be lie . I be not human . kelvin rheya , I be not go back . I be stay here with you . rheya then you will die . kelvin I want every second I can get with you . a beat . rheya what will I do , if you die ? he do not know . CUT to : ext . solaris turn slowly . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin and rheya , in bed . rheya do you think I can get pregnant here ? a long beat . kelvin we will know soon enough . insert : the first time kelvin and rheya speak , at the party ten year ago . again we see she whisper in kelvin 's ear , but this time we hear what she be say : rheya I can not be a mother . she pull back . kelvin that 's good to know . CUT to : int . apartment - day kelvin , as he pack to leave rheya . rheya do not do this . I be literally begging you not to do this . Chris . kelvin you should have tell I . rheya it would not have make any difference . kelvin thank you . rheya Chris , I have to . I have to . I do not think you would react like this . kelvin neither do i. rheya you never say you want one . kelvin I never say I do not . rheya Chris -- kelvin I can not stay here . rheya Chris , please . Chris , I be serious . I will not make it . kelvin then you will not make it . he leave , brush past she . CUT to : int . apartment - day rheya , unconscious , on the kitchen floor . CUT to : int . kelvine room a long , hold shot of rheya , cry . she be curl up , retreate into herself . kelvin be try to console she . kelvin I come back . you have to know that . I come back that night . CUT to : int . apartment - day rheya on the kitchen floor , the note in she hand . kelvin be kneel over she . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin and rheya . she be sobbing , but somewhat calmer . kelvin I could not make it , either . ( beat ) I be so sorry . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin , asleep . CUT to : gibarian as we see he before , sit in the chair . but we do not hear he say this before : gibarian if they succeed , you will never see she again . CUT to : int . kelvine room in the immediate aftermath of she suicide attempt with the liquid oxygen : rheya you be afraid of I . I can not do this anymore . I still do not understand . it 's not possible . he try to console she , but she recoil . rheya do not -- int . apartment - day rheya , as kelvin brushes past she on he way out . she look desperate . int . kelvine room rheya and kelvin . rheya what do I have to do to stop it ? kelvin I want you here . rheya you be lie . kelvin you exist here . I keep tell you . rheya that 's impossible . I be not rheya . kelvin who be you , then ? rheya I ... I be rheya . but I be not the woman you love ten year ago . kelvin yes , you be -- rheya do you hear what gibarian say ? I be not a human be . I be a instrument . I come from you memory and you imagination and I will torture you no matter what . even if I remain passive . that 's when I drank the ... ( beat ) I be go mad . it feel like there be no body underneath my skin . there be something else . a illusion . but I could feel my heart beat , and I remember you test my blood . be it like yours ? kelvin yes . I tell you . it be exactly like mine . rheya but then I would be dead now . a beat . kelvin be that really what you want ? rheya I want to stop take that pill . kelvin I wish you would not . rheya they do something to I . it 's hard to think straight . kelvin I think they help . rheya I have consciousness , but I be not mortal . do not you see why I be go crazy ? kelvin you have to remember that I love you , that 's all that matter -- rheya I can not -- kelvin it put you here . I will admit it , it act like a God and put you here , put you into my consciousness . I be asleep , and it put you into my dream . I see you mouth . and there you be . ( beat ) whether you have be send here to make I happy or punish I , it do not matter . the decision we make now be all that matter . stay with I . rheya be I really she ? kelvin I do not know anymore . all I see be you . they kiss . kelvin stay with I . ( beat ) stay with I . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be asleep . rheya be next to he . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be on the videophone to snow . kelvin she know everything . she know who she be . snow she know everything ? do she know she come once before and you put she in -- kelvin no . a beat . snow what do you want ? kelvin I want you to get sartorius to abandon he plan . snow ( feign innocence ) what plan ? kelvin just get he to stop . snow what do you want to do , leave the station with she ? kelvin yes . snow kelvin , she will disintegrate . you do not believe I ? let 's radio that shuttle pod you launch -- better yet , let 's go get it . I have chart it 's trajectory , only take a few hour ... kelvin her oxygen would have run out . snow maybe she do not need any . should we check ? kelvin just stare at he . snow who be you try to please ? yourself ? her ? which she , this one or that one . can you face both ? we be in a situation that be beyond morality . so : leave with she . you will see the transformation . kelvin into what ? snow you will see she die , that 's all . they be mortal , despite what she tell you . she will die . then what will you do ? kelvin I love she . snow you do , you do not . she 's willing to give she life , you be willing to give yours , it 's touch and magnificent , anything you want but -- this be not the place for it . do not you see ? no , you do not . CUT to : int . kelvine room he be play back a message send by sartorius . sartorius I be send you a message because I feel sorry for you . I really do , kelvin . ( beat ) it be a mistake to become emotionally engage with one of they . you be be manipulate . you be go around in circle to satisfy the curiosity of a power we do not understand and can not control , and she be the live proof that power exist . if she be ugly , you would not want she around ; that 's why she 's not ugly . she be a mirror that reflect part of you mind . you provide the formula . you can only finish where you start , remember that . ( beat ) they sell we out to the high bidder . they have no right to do that . we should have be consult . we be not fuck hardware . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin wake up . rheya be beside he . he rise and head for the bathroom . he swallow two pill and a small cup of water . when he return to the bed , rheya be look at he . rheya what be you take ? kelvin a sleep pill . do you want yours ? int . apartment - day rheya , on the kitchen floor . the bottle of sleep pill just beyond she hand . back on the prometheus kelvin look at rheya . she shake she head ; she do not want the pill . kelvin come and sit beside she . kelvin what do it want ? rheya I do not know . something . anything . she go to a portal and stare out at solaris . rheya it create I and yet I can not communicate with it . it must hear I , though . it must know what 's happen to I . do not you think ? CUT to : int . kelvine room snow on the videophone to kelvin . rheya be asleep in the background . snow I do not think it dislike we . I think it just notice we . it life , think , and act . we be deal with a live creature here , no question . and it 's do something we have never be able to do : create a perfect human body . perfect except for the subatomic alteration , but ... CUT to : gibarian on he suicide tape : gibarian if solaris be inside we brain , and it know everything , and we be only consciously aware of what 2 % of we brain be up to at any give moment , it know we better than we know ourselves . it 's not even close . CUT to : int . kelvine room rheya and kelvin . rheya I have decide that if it be God , it 's a sick God . its ambition exceed its power , but it do not realize it . ( beat ) it 's create a situation without a goal , and I hate that . a God whose passion be not a redemption , who save nothing , fulfill no purpose . ( beat ) and we ? we would have to have " a arrangement " . a unspoken understanding that I be not human . how can I not hate something that do that ? kelvin please . do not . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin be asleep . rheya be cry beside he . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin asleep , alone . rheya be in the corridor , talk to someone . kelvin wake up . rheya be beside he , asleep . CUT to : ext . solaris turn , slowly . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin , in a fever , eye open but glaze . rheya be put a compress on he forehead . kelvine Pov of the room . his labrador from the open sequence be sit by the chair . CUT to : int . kelvine cabin ( earth ) kelvin sit in a chair , look at : the labrador sitting in the same position as it be on the prometheus . kelvin breathes a sigh of relief at be home . everything seem slowed down , somehow . kelvin ( v.o. ) I though I be home . CUT to : int . kelvine room on the prometheus . kelvin be in bed , feverish . kelvin ( v.o. ) I think it be over . he see rheya , in the hallway again , talk to someone we can not see . kelvin wake up again . rheya be asleep beside he . CUT to : int . train rheya , the first day she and kelvin see each other . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - day ten year ago . kelvin and rheya stand on a street corner . they seem to be pause in the midst of a very serious conversation . it be raining . CUT to : int . kelvine room kelvin in bed , on the prometheus . still feverish . rheya be mop he brow . int . kelvine cabin ( earth ) kelvin in bed , feverish . rheya be there , wiping he forehead . int . kelvine room on the prometheus . kelvin look over to rheya . kelvin where do you go before ? rheya when ? kelvin last night . you be talk to someone in the corridor . rheya you must have be dream . she begin to cry . kelvin what 's the matter ? she just shake she head . kelvin rheya ? from kelvin 's point of view : rheya , in the chair , cry . then he look right to see : rheya , in the doorway , talk to someone we cannot see . then he look further to the right , and there she be again , stare at he from the bathroom doorway . she move to the edge of the bed in order to be near . kelvin sweating . struggle . Beyond fear . kelvin ( v.o. ) I be lose my mind . ( beat ) I be break apart . int . cabin - day kelvin sit in he chair , as he do at the beginning , with the three official from dba behind he . only now the three official be snow , sartorius , and gibarian . int . kelvine room ( prometheus ) kelvin , transfix . kelvin ( v.o. ) be this what it mean to die ? ( beat ) be I in the moment of my own death ? ( beat ) be this the last think I will ever have ? this idea force he to rise , and he do , slowly . int . corridor behind kelvin as he somehow keep move . we hold a long time , and then : CUT to : black . Count to ten . then : CUT to : ext . STREET kelvin move down a crowded sidewalk , in slow motion . kelvin ( v.o. ) I be home now . ( beat ) I try to find the rhythm of the world where I use to live ... but I feel completely and continually out of - sync . I be separate . why do I return to Earth and lie about what happen ? lie about have contact with something like solaris ? I know something else be out there , and do not tell a soul . I leave they in the dark . we all do . CUT to : int . train - day kelvin , travel home from the city . CUT to : ext . kelvin be cabin - day kelvin return . he stop and look around before enter he front door . kelvin ( v.o. ) so why come back at all ? to see if she come here ? kevin' Pov of the wood . but there be strange incongruity in the image -- piece of the prometheus break through ; for instance , a few of the automate taskmaster be crawl along the ground . kelvin look from the doorway , note this . he do not seem surprised , though . kelvin ( v.o. ) I do not believe it will happen . int . kelvin be cabin - night kelvin , in he bed , awake . kelvin ( v.o. ) but I will wait , anyway . CUT to : black . Count to five . then : CUT to : int . kelvine room ( prometheus ) kelvin be in he bed , still feverish . kelvin ( v.o. ) I think it be over . he look around the room . he be alone . a flash light on he computer demand attention . on the computer a video message from rheya . rheya do not blame they . I begge they to do it . it 's better this way . ( beat ) I be sorry . ( beat ) I be sorry I try to make you think I be human . ( beat ) I read my own suicide note . I find it in you thing . I realize I be not she . she look away . rheya I know that you love I , Chris . I know that . ( beat ) I love you . kelvin break down . CUT to : int . apartment - day kelvin , with the dead rheya in he arm , cry . Beyond he be the rain-streaked window . on the floor , by she hand , be the note . on it be scrawle the end of a Dylan Thomas poem , the one kelvin quote to she the first time they speak . int . party - night the first night . again , kelvin lean into rheya 's ear and whisper . this time we hear what he say : kelvin " though they go mad they shall be sane . though they sink through the sea they shall rise again . " int . apartment - day Kevin hold rheya . the note on the floor . the rain-streaked window . rheya ( v.o. ) " though lover be lose love shall not . and death shall have no dominion . " kelvin wipe the hair from she face . kelvin ( v.o. ) you kill she ! sartorius ( v.o. ) not she . it . CUT to : int . prometheus kelvin , furious , be talk through a slit in sartorius ' door . kelvin you murder she ! sartorius kelvin , she begge I . I have a short - range version of the destabilizer prototype , a miniature with a range of a few meter . she walk into it and disappear . she be go . kelvin look around . kelvin she will come back . sartorius no , she will not . kelvin why would you let she to do that ? sartorius it 's not human , kelvin . whatever it be , it 's not human , and I be threaten by that . evolution - of - the-specy - at-stake threaten . and I want to win . I want human to win . so I be kill it before it kill I . kelvin you fuck bastard ... sartorius whose side be you on ? kelvin move away . CUT to : ext . solaris still turn , slowly . but something about its appearance be different . int . prometheus complete chaos . kelvin be chase sartorius to the flight deck . sartorius ( yell as he run ) it 's change characteristic . it 's solidify take on weight . kelvin how quickly ? sartorius if it continue , it will implode from its own weight and turn into a black hole in about four hour and pull we in with it . int . flight deck kelvin and sartorius get the ship ready for take off . kelvin where 's snow ? do you call he ? sartorius yes . kelvin turn and see one of the video monitor that snow be sit in he room . kelvin ( via intercom ) snow ! we need you up here . snow do not reply . kelvin snow ! snow look up . there 's a strange look on he face . kelvin what 's wrong with you ? we need you help . snow I will not be make the trip . sartorius snow , get up here , now . snow I be not snow . this stop kelvin and sartorius . they look at each other and then at the monitor . snow I get rid of he . I want to see if ... I want to be the only one . I want to be snow . sartorius fuck I . I know it . kelvin when do this happen ? snow oh , right away . that 's why you never see I with anyone . you should have notice that . I miss he , though . I think I make a mistake . kelvin Jesus ... snow but I can not leave with you . I will not make it . kelvin maybe you can . sartorius you want it come back with we ? snow you go ahead . of what I remember about Earth ... it 's all one thing now . everything 's a blur . I like distinction . snow lie down on he bed . kelvin look at sartorius . sartorius we do not have time to deal with this . get the diode sail into position and let I know when the bias drive and the induction ring be at zero point . kelvin nod and obey . he then take one last look at the monitor to see snow lie in bed . kelvin reach over and shut the monitor off . CUT to : ext . space silence . the prometheus move away from solaris . closer on solaris after the ship have go . a soft black spot begin to form in the center of the planet . slowly , inexorably , this black spot begin to expand . within a minute solaris have disappear . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - day kelvin , back on Earth . Silent and still . and the rain continue . he watch the activity ; the car , bus , and people move to and for . kelvin ( v.o. ) earth. ( beat ) what do that word mean to I ? ( beat ) I have return . finally . kelvin begin to walk . kelvin ( v.o. ) I work in the city now . after work I wander and lose myself . I be silent and attentive . I follow the current . I make a conscious effort to smile , nod , stand , and perform the million of gesture that constitute life on Earth . int . train - day kelvin take the train to the suburb . kelvin ( v.o. ) I will study this gesture until they become reflex again . I will find new interest and occupation , but -- ext . road - day kelvin make he way toward he cabin . as he near , he labrodor recognize he and approach . kelvin pat the dog 's coat . kelvin ( v.o. ) I will not ... give myself . I will not give myself to anything or anyone , because I be haunt by the idea that I remember she wrong . that I shade my memory of she to suit myself . that I be unfair to she and cause she destruction . what if I be wrong about everything ? ( beat ) I have come to believe that memory be a curse . ext . cabin - day kelvin be near the front door , dog at he heel . he look in as he bring he key to the lock and he face freeze . rheya be in the live room , wait for he . she be sit on the sofa , look toward the other side of the room . sense someone , she turn to see kelvin , and she face melt into a smile . kelvin open the door . he can not speak . rheya rise and move toward he . they embrace . he breathes she in . she squeeze he . after a long beat : kelvin how can you be here ... rheya ( whisper ) shhhh . just stay with I . ( beat ) stay with I . everything be forgiven . everything . she sway with he , gently . his body relax . kelvin I love you . ext . cabin - day a tableau of the cabin . the dog be on the front step , seemingly content despite the light rain . as fog drift in , we rise , and soon the mist have nearly obscure the house . the fog turn into cloud and we get fleeting glimpsis of the cabin , as we move farther and farther away . we stay in a translucent white stage for a few moment , until gradually the edge of a circle become apparent in the corner of the frame . still there be a light rain sound . this dark , round edge penetrate further until they be form the shape of a circle . the misty consistency begin to gain some color and body . and we realize we be now look at the surface of solaris . fade out .