solitary man by Brian koppelman Producers : Steven soderbergh Paul schiff 8/25/08 OPEN in : a new york apartment spacious . modernist furniture . some black lacquer . a man 's voice be hear . from he tone , we can tell he 's use to people listen when he speak . BEN ( v.o. ) the day I turn thirteen ... track into ... the bedroom ... BEN kalman sleep . BEN ( v.o. ) ... actually , it be the night I turn thirteen , after the party and the envelope and speech and all that ... a alarm buzze . Ben slowly sit up . it be a rare unguard moment . he do not let anyone see he like this : untucked , groggy , wear all of he 55 - plus year on he face . it take he a long moment to reach for he bathrobe and put it on . BEN ( v.o. ) ... my father come into my bedroom , put a hand on my shoulder and say , '' Ben , a lot of guy be gonna tell you a lot of shit . but what I be gonna tell you apply across the board . Business , personal , whatever , what - have - you ... he reach into a bottle of child 's aspirin , swallow one without water , and move to the ... bathroom Ben check himself in the mirror . pull he robe tight . slick he hair with he hand . BEN ( v.0 . ) '' Son , '' he say , '' fuck ‘em where you find ‘em , and leave ‘em where you fuck ‘em ... '' ( continued ) continued : Ben clear he eye , splashes water on he face . BEN ( v.o. ) he be either a hundred per cent right or a hundred per cent wrong . I be still not sure which . Ben take one more look at himself in the mirror and leave the bathroom as johnny Cash 's version of solitary man begin to play . CUT to : CITY street credit roll and the song continue as Ben move through the Upper East side street of Manhattan . this be Ben as the world see he : almost sixty but fight it hard , he walk with the authoritative air of a man who usually get he way . note : throughout , Ben always wear black armani , black slack , black jeans , black sweater , black shoe . and if he hair be not quite black , it 's certainly not gray either . he and he madison Ave . colorist make sure of it once a month . CUT to : riverside park ... amidst the bicyclist and jogger compete for space on the path that run along the water , be a basketball court crowded with kide , parent , ballplayer . susan porter , twenty -seven , with big understanding eye and a great laugh , stand with she eight - year - old son , scotty . the two of they be look up at ... scotty' basketball ... which be catch between the rim and the backboard of a basketball hoop . a teenager jump up , knock it through the hoop and hand it back to scotty . Susan nudge she son . scotty thanks . ( continued ) continued : he turn to Susan . scotty if grandpa be here , he would have get it for I , right ? susan he would have try . scotty be he really come this time ? she be about to answer when she see Ben enter the park . susan there he be . dad , dad ! scotty see he too . fist pump . scotty yes ! grandpa , over here ! come here , grandpa ! but Ben do not seem to notice they . he move past , toward a bench on a opposite court . as he walk by , he quietly speak to Susan . BEN do not call I that . susan what ? he keep walk . Susan and scotty move with he , try to keep up . BEN do not call I dad . and you , do not call I grandpa . not now . scotty what should I call you ? BEN you can call I dad . scotty no . that 's what I call my dad . BEN okay ... call I Captain Ben . Susan turn she head . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) susan where 's this one ? Ben gesture behind he . BEN back there . you know what , do not look . you will screw I up . now Susan stop and do a obvious scan of the park . susan's Pov : a tawdry look dye job lean against the park 's fence . she might be stare at Ben . susan the Miami blonde ? BEN I see she check I out as I walk through the fence . here , take my arm . maybe she will think we be marry . Susan recoil . susan yuk . daaaad . BEN I tell you not to call I that . susan how 's it suppose to help you if she think you be my husband ? BEN she 's about 29 , right ? susan yeah . BEN at that age she 's realistic , but still plenty vain . susan which mean ...? BEN she might have a affair with a marry man , but there 's no way she 's gonna fuck a grandfather . oh , excuse I scotty . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) he reach down , pick up the little boy and give he a big hug . scotty can you put I on you shoulder Captain Ben ? BEN sure . Ben try to mask the effort it take he to smoothly lift the boy onto he shoulder . when scotty finally end up safely perch , Ben whip around to show off for the fence lean girl . susan too late " Captain . " Miami leave three minute ago . Ben 's face show disappointment . and a hurt back . CUT to : scotty swinging ... ... between Ben and Susan as they walk along Broadway towards artie 's deli . BEN I be bushed . I have to go home , take a nap . susan a nap . they let go of scotty who walk ahead of they , just out of earshot . BEN Jordan call I over at midnight . by the time we finish and I get back to my place -- susan you be pathetic . BEN what would I do ? I be sleep . phone ring , she 's use she bedroom voice -- ( continued ) continued : susan you be pathetic because you be die to tell I about it . you be not go to take a nap . you do not take nap . you just want I to know you get laid . BEN it 's not like I be detail the position we do it in . a beat . Susan wait for it . BEN she be on top . then I be . then she turn over and -- susan it 's not normal for a man to speak to he daughter this way . BEN that 's you husband talk . he 's provincial . you be a grow woman . susan Gary do not say anything . I just -- BEN you can handle it . susan that 's what you say about Jordan , right , to justify the fact that you be go to toss she ina dumpster when you be do . BEN she 's get the power in this one . not I . susan no . she 's get something you need . it 's different . and Ben smile , real warmth behind it . Susan smile too . BEN why be you the one I can not con ? susan if you do not want I to reveal you to the world , you be come inside , say hi to mom . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) BEN no . I can not stay . scotty aw ... susan so just say hi and go . BEN you mother do not like it when I leave . susan never stop you before . Ben do not answer . he just put he hand on scotty 's shoulder and , use the boy as a shield , enter ... p.j. bernstein deli scotty break away from Ben and Susan and run to the back of the restaurant into the arm of nancy kalman , a mid-fifty woman who have keep it together without surgery , botox or excess make -up . she notice ben. react . her word may be sharp ; she manner be not . she 's actually glad to see he . nancy Ben . I be surprised you have the time to drop in . what 's the matter , no more divorce leave to bed on the east side ? BEN that 's not fair -- nancy you be right . I leave out the widow . she turn to scotty . nancy sit down honey . scotty scoot in next to she . susan hi , Mom . Susan bend over , kiss she mom and drop into a chair . Nancy gesture toward ben. ( continued ) continued : nancy why be it still good to see he ? ( to Ben ) why be it still good to see you ? BEN Cause you do not have to live with I anymore . nancy well , join we . Ben hesitates . BEN just a quick hello , can not stay . but as he say this , Ben 's spie a twenty - year old girl alone at a adjacent table . furtively try to make eye contact . BEN well ... I will sit for a minute . Ben take a seat that give he a clear view of the twenty - Year Old girl . Nancy laugh . nancy you be too old for that one benny . BEN ( cover ) what be you talk about ? nancy deny . always deny . they exchange a smile . there be a easiness to the way they interact . a waiter come over to take Ben 's order . waiter can I get you anything ? BEN I will have a cheeseburger . nancy have a turkey burger , benny . BEN I 'il have a cheeseburger . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) nancy it 's only a matter of time until I get that phone call . BEN you have be expect that call for thirty year ... Ben , catch himself , glance to make sure the Young female diner have not hear he age . she be read a magazine and not pay any attention to they . susan dad , I be take scotty to the Natural History this weekend . Gary have to work , so if you want to come along with we -- BEN can not . scotty look up from he gameboy . scotty why not ? a beat . BEN I have like to , scotty , but ... Ben hesitates . BEN oh ... you be gonna love this , nance . nancy out with it . BEN I will be up at we alma mater this weekend . both woman react . nancy no. susan no way . nancy they finally convince you to come see the kalman pavilion ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 3 ) BEN nope . Jordan and I be take she daughter up for she college interview . nancy / susan you be what ? BEN I be introduce she to the dean . nancy how would you get roped into that ? susan do not she have a father ? BEN apparently he have a life . nancy so why can not she take the girl herself ? BEN because of my ' relationship ' with the dean . nancy do you even like this Jordan ? no answer . the woman work the tag team into high gear . susan you be a sixty year old -- BEN I be not -- susan -- Close enough , dating a girl because of she father 's connection . a waiter place food on table . nancy you need you independence , right , that 's why you leave ? now you be a keep man . Ben finally catch the eye of the twenty -year - old girl , smile at she . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 4 ) bens' Pov : the twenty - year-old girl smile back at he , the way one smile at a kindly older person on a park bench . no heat . Ben glance back at Nancy who seem to be look right through he . nancy Ben ?... BEN I have get to go . Ben give scotty a kiss on top of he head . BEN I will get you a check next week , nance . nancy what about you burger ? BEN better for I that I do not eat it , right ? nancy okay , benny . okay . have fun up there . Ben turn and walk out the door . Nancy , scotty and Susan look to each other . CUT to : jordan' bedroom ... ... which could be the centerpiece of a Architectural digest spread . BEN I be not go . jordan langer , late 40s , beautiful , but in a uncompromising way , lie in bed . Ben stand over she . Jordan 's daughter , allyson langer , great look , eighteen , with a cool dalton detachment , lean against a wall . she be hold a box of tissue in she hand . jordan you promise . ( continued ) continued : 12 . BEN I promise to go with you . jordan but I be sick . I can not go . BEN so we will reschedule -- jordan allyson can not reschedule she college interview just because I have the flu . BEN I try to get you to take the shot -- jordan -- I hate shot . BEN -- and now you have the flu -- allyson cut in . allyson -- it 's fine , Mom . I '11 fly up there myself . in fact , I would like that better . BEN you see . she do not even want my company . I would cramp she style -- allyson speak under she breath . allyson stomp on it you mean . Jordan sit up with effort , turn to Ben . jordan that 's exactly why I want a adult up there with she . her style need some cramping . otherwise she might come home pickle . allyson snort . allyson I stop get drunk in eighth grade , Mom . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) jordan do not matter . you be not go up there alone . give I a minute with Benjamin please . allyson hand she mother the tissue and leave . Ben try not to let he eye follow she out . BEN I do not think it 's a good idea . jordan do not you retire from think ? BEN and we be sure she father can not go with she ? -- jordan -- he 's in macau , close on some factory or something . besides , he make she too tense . Jordan blow she nose . cough . BEN she 's not go to be more relaxed with I . she do not even like I hang around you . jordan what she like do not matter . what 's best for she do . BEN that 's what my mother use to say as she tuck I into a giant purple snowsuit the first day of November every year . I would sweat through the thing on the bus to school , and everyone think I wet my pants . if Jordan even hear this intimate admission , she do not acknowledge it . jordan Ben , she put on this big independent act because she think she 's suppose to , but I know she . please do this for I . Jordan force herself out of bed , cross to she desk , take a piece of paper out of the printer . ( continued ) 14 , continued : ( 3 ) jordan before I forget , I just get the confirmation email to I . I print it for you . they be send a guy out tomorrow morning . BEN and it 's all prepped ? jordan it be . so think of it like a family weekend . first you 'il go have the meeting my father arrange , and then you ’1l1 take my daughter up to she college interview . it 's a order . Jordan hold out the piece of paper . Ben take it . BEN ( pre - lap ) location be not the only thing that matter , of course ... CUT to : four way intersection , somewhere in new jersey - day close on : a artist 's rendering of a state - of - the - art car dealership . a giant red sign in the foreground of the image say ' kalman Motors . 's BEN ... but anyone can see , this be a hell of a open point . pull back from the mock - up to reveal ... Ben stride with purpose across a large undevelop lot . a step behind he be a automotive company exec , pete hartofilis . pete Nice traffic pattern . BEN Nice ? outstanding ! with my private banking relationship , I 'il be up and run in no time . and this zip code spend . daughter graduate high -school , get she a suv with six airbag . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 15 . BEN ( cont 'd ) Son move into he own place , put he in a two -seater with some zip -- pete you old flagship -- BEN -- be north of here . twenty - five mile . the name 's still strong in this community -- pete -- we research certainly show that the name be know in this community . but the negative number ... BEN I will sponsor the little league , the soccer , the school car wash . negatives will disappear . pete Mr. kalman , I be go to speak freely . out of respect . I be recommend that you get you dealership . because the number make sense . because my first job be in the finance department of one of you place . because I grow up watch you commercial , ' I be Ben kalman , New York 's honest car dealer . 's and because you probably inspire I to go into this business in the first place . BEN well , Pete , I be honore to know -- pete -- but I do not think my recommendation be go to do any good . the dealership development committee be not in the habit of granting open point to people who have bring the sort of public embarrassment to the industry that you do . BEN you get that recommendation send up to the committee , I will worry about get they to sign off . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) pete Fair enough . BEN good . let I show you where the service area will be . they move off to another section of the lot . CUT to : four way intersection , somewhere in new jersey - later Ben lean against he car , cell phone to he ear . the mock - up loosely roll beneath he armpit . BEN ... it go as well as it could have , Jordan . now , remind you father to speak to the three guy from Detroit , the young one who be not there when I have my ... jordan ( on phone ) should I lay he clothes out for he too ? or do you think he can handle it ? BEN okay , alright , Roger that , Colonel . jordan good. dismiss . hey , I like this . this put Ben on comfortable terrain . BEN well , we 'il have to put you ina leather bomber and nothing else . jordan now I can not wait for you to get back . a beat . BEN yeah . about this weekend ... I be sure allyson do not really want I around , and -- total tone change from Jordan . ( continued ) 17 . continued : jordan ( on phone ) of course she do . just like my father want to use fifty year of goodwill and connection , as well as he position on a board of director , to get a admit grifter a new dealership , after he almost tank a entire company 's reputation . a beat . BEN I be on my way to the airport . jordan ( on phone ) believe I , she ’1l1 feel so much better with you there to guide she through the process . CUT to : JFK airport Ben and allyson wait in line to check in . allyson just turn and leave . I can see how bad you want to . he look to she . allyson go to foxwood for the weekend . or amagansett 's great off season . or wherever . stay out of sight . c'mon , it 's what you be hope for the whole time . a moment of relief play on he face . allyson just try not to catch anything you will give my mother later . TI do not want to have to take care of she . Ben consider it . shake he head . BEN no . I do not lie to you mom . she almost let he get away with it . then can not . ( continued ) continued : 18 . allyson I call bullshit , Ben . BEN what ? allyson it mean , ask I where I be the other night for drink . BEN I think you do not drink . allyson I say I do not get drunk . ask I . BEN okay . where be you drink the other night ? allyson the bar at the Warwick . no reaction on Ben 's face . BEN what night be that ? allyson the night you hope it be not , when you be in the back booth with that Eastern european web special ? BEN oh . that be Eva . she 's my niece . she be in New York on business . why do not you come over and say hi ? allyson spool it out . allyson I be on my way to . but that 's when I see you slip you hand under she skirt . I think maybe you would drop something , but then she start squirming in a way that make I think , no , he do not drop anything ... allyson get to the front of the line , hand she id to the agent . BEN ... so that 's gin . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) allyson huh ? BEN it mean you win the hand . allyson I do not play card . a beat . BEN well , you do not sell I out . thanks . allyson I would cheat on she if she be my girlfriend . so have a good weekend , Ben . Ben do not move . he just stand there and watch as allyson bend down to hand she suitcase to the agent . angle on : a pair of businessmen check into first class appreciate she asset . angle on : Ben . he do not like it . caught , the businessman look away . BEN nope . still come with . I be gonna do this for you . not for you mother . for you . TI know the school . I know the dean . TI miss Susan 's college tour , and I regret it . I be too busy back then ... the agent hand Ben back he ticket . they start walk . allyson yeah . Mom say you use to always be on MSNBC and CNN . that you have dealership in every town in Jersey , Long Island and Connecticut . BEN slight exaggeration . allyson how have you fuck it up ? BEN you never google I ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 3 ) allyson you want I to believe what 's online ? okay . I be just give you a chance to -- BEN I be fly up there with you . she do not answer . BEN I promise not to ruin you time . I will show you around during the day , walk you to the interview so I can shake hand with the dean , smooth it all through for you . at night , I will crash at the hotel and you can do whatever you want . and this time , I will not tell anyone . allyson stop , think about it for a second . meet he eye . something change between they . allyson and you will not treat I like a kid , right ? BEN no snowsuit . allyson what ? BEN forget it . yeah , you be not a kid . allyson Fine . a half - smile come to she face . and to he . they move to board the plane . CUT to : ben' alma mater the sun hit a roll green campus in New England . frisbee golfers , hacky sacker , and dreadlocked stoner share the quad with some actual serious -minded student . Ben , black frame shade accent he normal black on black , and allyson , walk across the grass . ( continued ) continued : 21 . BEN first time step back onto this quad since the day I finish . allyson you never even come up for homecome ? not even the year after you graduate ? BEN Year after I graduate I be move six car a month , on my way to my own shop . I be not go to miss a Saturday to spend it with a bunch of loser relive glory they never have . when I be go , I be go . Ben stop for a moment , look around . his eye land on a bench . he look at it for a second longer then he should . allyson Ben ? BEN that bench . it ... surprise it 's still right here . he shake the memory off , and point into the distance . BEN admission building be that way . some kid be suppose to meet we , show we the way . they head off in that direction . allyson I think you be a involved alumnus . BEN alumnus . and that just mean I have write some big check . allyson then how do you know the Dean and stuff ? ( continued ) continued : 22 . ( 2 ) BEN they come to see I . well , they use to when they know they would walk out of my office with a endow chair in the English department , or the ground break money for a art center . allyson what about now ? BEN they pay a courtesy call if they be in town to see someone else . allyson that 's nice . BEN it 's insurance . for when I can write the check again . a frisbee be about to hit Ben in the leg . he grab it out of the air . look to throw it back . a irate student come run towards he . scream . irate student hey asshole . let the big dog hunt , let the big dog hunt . Ben do not get it . BEN let the ? -- irate student put the frisbee down . we be frolfing . that be my drive . the hole be over there . he point to a maple tree 400 yard away . irate student you would have cost I a stroke if you throw it the other way . already cost I a few yard by catch it . BEN it almost hit I . I be try to help . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) irate student yeah , well thanks but no , grandad . the irate Student stick out he hand for the frisbee . Ben almost give it back . a slow smile come over he face . BEN no . you call I a asshole . now I be gonna earn it . Ben take the frisbee and whip it in the other direction . it sail high and get stick in a big oak tree . the irate Student get in Ben 's face . irate student you motherfucker - - BEN --' ey . there 's a woman present . short beat . irate student dickwad . Ben hardly move . he turn he hip slightly , and let he right fist go . it land in the irate Student 's stomach . the student do not go down though . just stand there . then he put Ben in a one handed headlock . Ben 's sunglass fly off he face . Ben try to free himself . can not . the irate Student grind Ben 's head under he arm a moment longer . the Student let Ben go and push he away . irate student like some arthritic punch be gonna take I out ?! Ben catch he breath , smooth he hair and turn to allyson who have be watch with a admixture of horror and amusement . BEN I use to have a pretty good right . he turn back to the irate Student who be now stand inch from he . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 4 ) irate student what the fuck be you think , man ? BEN well , you know , standard box strategy : go to the body , weaken you , then go the head . Ben throw a roundhouse punch that catch the irate Student flush . this time he fall . BEN seem like a sound strategy . the irate Student rear up and take Ben down to the ground . they wrestle . lot of grunt and groan . neither gain a clear edge . angle on : Ben be on the bottom . the irate Student be about to punch he in the face when a big beefy hand come down and lift he off . the hand belong to sgt . JOHN haverford , campus Police . he be a enormous man , about Ben 's age , who almost bust out of he uniform . he speak with a accent that 's Boston by way of Ireland . sgt . JOHN let 's stop all this . Ben scramble to he foot . the irate Student be silent . so be sgt. John . BEN Officer . Ben kalman . Dean gitleson be expect I -- sgt . JOHN id . Ben and the irate Student hand id to sgt. John . sgt . JOHN someone want to tell I what happen here ? BEN misunderstand . I be willing to forget it if he be . irate student willing . sgt . John hand the student 's id back . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 5 ) sgt . JOHN good . get out of here . Ben reach out for he id . the sgt. pull it back . sgt . JOHN not so fast . I want to know what you be do on my campus . allyson answer . allyson escort I for my interview . sgt . JOHN she you daughter ? BEN she 's not my daughter . she 's too old to be my daughter . this be not the right answer . sgt . JOHN too young to be anything else that will not get you arrest . allyson he go out with my mother . sgt . JOHN he tell you to say that ? allyson no . sgt . John hold out a hand . sgt . JOHN let I see it . allyson take out she driver 's license . sgt. John stare at it for a long moment . sgt . JOHN eighteen . sgt . John do not like it . but there 's nothing he can do about it . he give the id back to allyson , take one more long look at Ben 's license . ( continued ) continued : 26 . ( 6 ) sgt . JOHN kalman . you be the donor . the art center and all that . BEN I support the school every way I can . sgt . JOHN so you be also the guy who sell my cousin in Connecticut on a lease Jeep that turn out to be finance . cost he nine grand on the back end . BEN I have some unscrupulous manager . I take the blame for not watch they closer . sgt . JOHN you do anything else untoward on my campus , you 's 1l1 take more than the blame . sgt . John march away . allyson look at Ben . allyson wow. smooth . Ben lean down to pick up he sunglass . as he come up with they , a earnest look student , daniel cheston , approach . cheston Mr. kalman . I be Daniel cheston . I be the vice President of the student senate . Dean gitleson send I to find you . be you okay , sir ? Ben take a deep breath . BEN better than that , cheston . I be great . I have not throw a punch outside of a gym in year . whoo ! cheston the dean be ready for you . we should be get over there . CUT to : 27 . the dean of admission ... edward gitleson , who be a career fund - raiser in a academic 's clothes . he wait on the front step of the impose admission building , bradleton hall .. the Dean take in Ben 's appearance . dean gitleson Rough morning , Ben ? Ben do not give he anything . BEN this be allyson langer . after a moment -- dean gitleson hello , allyson . allyson hi. BEN she have my high recommendation , Edward . beat . dean gitleson I can hardly imagine a better endorsement . BEN mmm-hmm . dean gitleson allyson and I be go to go inside and chat for a while . and then she will go on the group tour . meanwhile , Mr. cheston have volunteer to get you reacquainted with the grounds . think you might want to see the kalman pavilion . you can pick allyson up right here a little after two . allyson and the Dean head inside the hall . Ben and cheston watch they go . BEN you have anything better to do than show I around , cheston ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : cheston um ... BEN go do it . cheston be conflict . cheston do not you want to see the pavilion ? a beat . BEN because my name 's on the building ? cheston yeah . another beat . BEN no . Ben take a couple of step , as if testing he knee . cheston you be walk a little funny . should we get it check out at the school clinic ? BEN I do not do doctor . not anymore . cheston do you at least want to get yourself clean up ? you can use my room . Ben think about it for a moment . BEN alright . thanks . I will . they turn and walk off into the distance . before they go out of frame , another frisbee come sailing very close to Ben . Ben stick out a hand , look like he might catch it , but then let the frisbee flutter by . CUT to : 29 . cheston' dorm room Ben be pull a T-shirt over he body . although it be a little snug , it fit . BEN get a girl , cheston ? cheston cheston 's my last name . first name be Daniel . BEN should not be . million dan . anyone can be Dan . you get to be cheston . now about the girl -- cheston have not find the right -- BEN can not get laid , huh ? cheston I do not say that . BEN everything about you say it . look at this room . if you have time to put hospital corner on you bed at college , you be spend you day the wrong way . cheston I be make the most of my -- Ben cut he off . BEN you have a high school girlfriend right ? you be both on the ... model UN together or something - - cheston we be the assistant director of the community service outreach -- BEN and then she go to school and meet some junior who storm the admin building or the provost 's house -- cheston -- how would you know he be a--? ( continued ) continued : a beat . 30 . BEN -- they be always junior . and you be still stick try to figure out how you lose ... Laurie ? cheston diana . BEN okay . well lemme tell you something , cheston . Ben point toward the door to cheston 's room . BEN out there exist nothing but possibility . cheston but diana be -- BEN -- just the same as the other girl on this campus . like all young man you greatly exaggerate the difference between one young woman and another . g.b. Shaw say that . hundre year ago . still true . Ben cross to cheston 's door . open it . ben' Pov : student walk the dorm 's hall . a redhead and friend laugh . BEN look at she , cheston . and she . what 's wrong with either of they ? cheston well , for one , they be not interested in I . BEN because you do not know how to speak to they . watch . cheston be worried about how this will turn out . cheston no time . we have to pick up allyson . we be almost late as it be . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) Ben , not listen , walk out the door into the ... hallway ... Ben approach the redhead , joanne and the friend she be laugh with , kelly . CUT to : cheston' dorm room cheston watch . CUT to : hallway cheston' Pov : Ben walk over to the young woman . he smile at they . say something . they laugh , tell he something . Ben turn , begin walk back to cheston 's room . surreptitiously give he a thumb up sign . track with : BEN into ... cheston' dorm room Ben walk in , shut the door . cheston what would you say ? BEN do not matter . we be ' hang 's with they tonight . cheston tonight . I have to -- BEN you have to go to a party . where that woman , and plenty of other just like they be go to be . someday you will be my age . and you will not want to have look back on today with regret -- cheston that 's why I be gonna study tonight - - ( continued ) 32 . continued : BEN nobody regret take a night off from the book to chase some ass . especially twenty - one year old ass . cheston g.b. Shaw say that too ? CUT to : the quad Ben and cheston walk at a brisk clip . BEN hold up . Ben have stop . he be stand at a series of bench . he walk to one in particular . sit down . it 's the bench he stop at before . from the look on he face it 's clear the bench have meaning for he . BEN yep . cheston I do not say anything . BEN I know . I be say something . only sap relive this shit . all the same , I be glad this bench be still here . Ben take in the view from the bench . spread he arm wide across its top . then get up . BEN onward . cheston do not know what to make of it . but he follow Ben as he move on . CUT to : bradleton hall Ben and cheston arrive to pick up allyson . they be late , and the tour have break up . allyson stand with ted , who look to be about three year older than she be , with spring - break -ready abs and arm . ( continued ) 33 . continued : BEN sorry we be late . I try you cell -- allyson no prob . this be Ted . he give the tour . Ted stick out a hand . ted hey . BEN right . ted I tell allyson to come by we house tonight , we be have a party . it might give she a good idea of the social culture we have here on campus . Ben already hate the guy , but there be nothing he can do . BEN sure . if she want to go . sure . which house be it ? ted d.u. this mean something to Ben . BEN okay . allyson great . see you later , Ted . Ted imitate Ben . thinks Ben will not catch it . ted right . CUT to : a raucous frat party ... ... not out of hand , but active . Ben and cheston stand by the keg , fill student ' cup with beer . Ben 's eye scope the room . he love what he see . ( continued ) continued : 34 . cheston I tell you that girl be not go to show up here . BEN do not matter . look at that one . and that one . we be in it now . mixing in . we be mixing . cheston we be stand by a keg . pour . we be pour . BEN and you want to be over ... there . yeah ? Ben point to a refine look girl in the corner . cheston no. I uh ... BEN you eye keep move to she . go over , say something . cheston she uh ... BEN what ? cheston not the kind of person you just go up to at a party . she 's serious . studious . BEN she 's here though . she have a drink in she hand . cheston her brother be a member of the house , so she come by . but nobody hook up with she . BEN if you be not go to go over there , you be go to have to listen to a story . now , this isa little raw , but it have the benefit of be true , so I will ask for you indulgence . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) cheston grant . Ben pour himself a styrofoam stein of amber , pull from it , begin . BEN this be the first year of college . I be not what you would call one of the elite around here . certainly be not invite to join this place . Ben gesture to the frat House . BEN I be one of the one actually have a job , help I pay my way -- cheston I too -- BEN I know . I see you 's wardrobe . anyway , I be not a total innocent , but I be intimidate by some of what I see . especially the girl . there be this one girl , sit in front of I in freshman composition . name be Jennifer angel . really . and every day I would stare at the back of she neck . sometimes , if she turn to glance out the window , I would catch a glimpse of she face . she be smart . and real clean look too . cheston my man , I want to get with she in the worst way . but I could not figure it . could not screw up the courage to even ask she out . to I , she be untouchable . the whole time cheston be stare at the girl across the room . cheston untouchable . BEN one afternoon , I be tend bar at some event , and this prick on the squash team order a shot of Jack to help he loosen he hurt back . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 3 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) I ask he how he hurt it and he say : '' Jennifer angel '' . " how ? " , I ask he . and cheston , he answer be like a Joe frazier leave to the belly . " I be fuck she , " he say , " hard . but she keep begging I to do it harder . harder . harder . finally , I be nail she so fuck hard that the bed collapse , and I twist my back all up when we hit the floor . " cheston Jesus . BEN " at 's right . I actually have to catch my breath , you know , right there in front of the guy . my face turn red hearing about it , and I be not exactly the blush kind . but you know what ? turned out to be great . know how she like it , that she like it , freed I to talk to she . and the next week , it be my bed that almost break . that 's what you need to learn . some fella have a story like that on every single one of they . might as well be you . cheston appear rock by the story , but he also begin move in the direction of the girl . Ben watch he . allyson ( 0.s. ) I think you be gonna let I do whatever I want by myself . allyson stand with Ted . she 's all dolled up for the evening . Ben notice , take he time answer . BEN I be and I be . Close you eye . when you open they I '1l be go . CUT to : jame J. mccoun ... a local coffee shop / diner . a few student pay they check and leave . ( continued ) 37 . continued : jimmy mccoun jr. be wiping down the counter . Jimmy be roughly the same age as Ben . he hear the door open , speak without look up . jimmy we close in five minute , so whatever you order , it 's ' to go . ' Ben have enter . BEN be a time I could sit here all night . Jimmy still do not lift he eye . jimmy I do not run the place back then . my father must have like you , some reason . BEN if by ' some reason , ' you mean because I save you ass in every math class you ever take -- jimmy -- I remember the ass save , but I remember do most of it , not in class maybe ... BEN well , if there be just one of they , I could have handle it -- jimmy but there be three of them if I recall -- BEN yes . there be . now Jimmy make eye contact . a moment between they . jimmy you know I call you when you get in that trouble a couple year back . that secretary of yours would not put I through . BEN well , she be under order . I get the message . I appreciate it . ( continued ) continued : 38 . ( 2 ) jimmy do not expect a call back . just want you to know . BEN I always know , Jimmy . and I hope you know -- jimmy of course - - BEN no . let I say it . that be not the only unreturn call . I be sorry for it . if there be anyone from this place I would have want to see , it would have be you . but when I be go ... jimmy you always say you would never come back . like you always say I would never leave . BEN you have the business . jimmy yeah . and now you be here . be there something you need ? Ben sit at a stool . but Jimmy BEN any chance I can get a sandwich ? to stay . jimmy usual ? BEN can you call it that after thirty year ? be already put bread in the toaster . CUT to : allyson and ted ... ... at the Plaza . very upscale oak bar in the fairmont copley ( continued ) 39 . continued : they be sit close to one another . it 's clear they have be drink for some time . and that Ted be work it hard . angle on : Ben , who stand at the bar 's entrance . he can see and hear allyson and Ted . they do not notice he . ben' Pov : ted ... yeah , and I tell the lacrosse coach that I play attack in junior High , be all County attack in High School , and there be no way I be play D for he . allyson so you be play on the front line now -- ted -- he cut I , but that 's not the point of the story . I stand up for myself . go after what I want . and that 's what I always do ... Ted slurp he Jack and Coke . ted ... I see what I want , and I take a run at it . Ben have hear plenty . he walk over to allyson and Ted , move between they and slide the bartender a credit card . BEN for they drink . he look to Ted . BEN you regaling she , young man ? I think you be . you look regaled , allyson . nothing from Ted but a small smile on allyson 's face . all the encouragement Ben need . BEN story of what ? glory ? or its putative compatriot , noble failure ? ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 40 . ( 2 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) I say putative because , and this be from a man who have fail in starburst color , there be nothing noble in failure . do you not agree , Ted ? Ted do not know he 's out of he league . go with the College man approach . ted my parent name I after Theodore Roosevelt . and he say , " it be not the critic who count , but the man who fail while dare greatly - - " BEN -- yeah , but that guy do not actually fail . it 's why we know the quote . he become President . see , he bump up against failure , find a way to succeed . that 's not what I glean from you lacrosse story . allyson look to Ted , anticipate some sort of snappy response . get nothing . Ben turn to the bartender . BEN scotch for I . ted I be gonna go to the bathroom . I will be right back . allyson and Ben watch Ted walk away . they crack up the moment he be out of sight . BEN on campus he seem like one thing , right ? then you get he here ... allyson ... well , he 's not from the City , but he 's cute . you go to stop I from -- BEN -- no . if that 's what you want to do , you do it . ( continued ) continued : a beat . 41 . ( 3 ) allyson you go to report in to my mother ? BEN I already tell you I would not . allyson I do not even care what she think . but for some reason , I care what you think . what do you think ? BEN how honest a conversation be you look to have here ? I can just drift off to my room now , leave you with Ted . allyson I want you read on the situation . BEN he 's a waste of time . you will go through a lot of trouble for very little reward . allyson you mean , up in the room ? BEN do I have to draw it for you ? a guy like that with a girl who look like you ? he 's gonna go simple . you will get up there , begin the proceedings , he face ' 1l flush at the sight of it , or , if he 's strong , at the taste , and he will be go . what do you get from the transaction ? allyson transaction ? BEN that 's what it be . obvious what he get . what do you get ? allyson I need another drink . here he come . what should I do ? ( continued ) continued : 42 . ( 4 ) BEN nope . you have all the information now . you decide . she take a moment , then speak quickly , before Ted arrive . allyson send he home . Act like a guardian . Ted come back to the bar . go for he drink . BEN finish that one , and I think you should be on you way . ted but I and allyson -- BEN -- be do for the night . you make you ' run ' at it . now chalk it up as another noble failure . and go . Ted look to allyson , whose face be in she drink . he downs he drink , depart . allyson and Ben watch he leave . BEN we should probably call it a night too . allyson yeah . CUT to : table at the bar some time have pass . Ben and allyson have move to a corner table . allyson I do not really want to . with Ted . it just sort of seem like something to do . BEN I know how that be . allyson be that what the Russian be ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : BEN no . she be something worth do . it 's different . allyson laugh . take a long drink . her manner become more relaxed with each moment that pass between they . allyson have it always just ... be good . BEN you mean ... allyson ... you know ... when you be ... ok , I will say it . my first time I be fourteen . BEN uh huh . allyson well ... the thing be ... do not hurt . but it be not that great either . allyson pause for a moment . allyson and . . Ben make a hand motion for she to continue . allyson it never feel that great really . BEN you have never have a -- allyson of course I have . but only by myself . what you say about what would have happen in the room be right . I would have end up stare at the ceiling all night while he sleep like a log . at least in New York I could go home . BEN it 's always like that ? allyson none of the guy I have be with really know what they be do , I guess . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) BEN can not you tell they what to do ? allyson how ? I do not know what to say . Ben think for a moment . put a hand on allyson 's shoulder . draw closer to she . BEN you hardly have to say anything . just take charge , move he how you want to , take he hand and put they where they feel right . Ben drink , motion the bartender for another , and another for allyson . BEN and if that do not work . show he , you know , yourself . I promise he 'il never forget you . allyson it will make I seem like a whore . drink arrive . allyson stare into hers . BEN you be think about it wrong . when you be with a guy you like , do not you want to know what make he feel good ? a beat . allyson do my mother know what to do ? BEN allyson - - allyson no , tell I . BEN sure she do . but ... allyson but not like the Russian , right ? BEN it 's not she fault . she 's just older . her body 's change . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 3 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) there 's a thickness as they get older . allyson a thickness . she 's stick thin . BEN no one over forty be stick thin . not really . trust I . allyson but she can get you off -- BEN let 's not talk about she . we be all sensual creature allyson . we want pleasure . we want to know how to give other pleasure . but we shy away from it . we become timid . only that leave we want . always . when I be with a woman , I make it my business to solve she . not out of the goodness of my heart . but because it will make she want to solve I . do you understand that . Ben lean into she . she do not back away . allyson my God . you must have be a amazing car salesman . on Ben : BEN I be the best . CUT to : ben' HOTEL room Ben and allyson enter . they be all over each other ... Ben press allyson against the wall . allyson turn it around . now Ben be against the wall and she hand be move down he body . then she take he hand and put they where she want they . BEN that 's it . show I . no shame in it . ( continued ) 46 . continued : and they be down on the floor . as they get deeper into it ... allyson if my mother see we right now , she would shit . BEN shhh ... allyson she would shit -- allyson laugh . BEN she can never find out . allyson God no . but she would shit . Ben laugh too . BEN yeah . she sure would . allyson I can picture she face . BEN I too . it would almost be worth it to see it . allyson make a shocked face , imitate she mother . BEN stop that . allyson ooh , you like it . that 's sort of twisted , Ben . they laugh together as the clothes keep come off ... dissolve to : ben' HOTEL bedroom Ben and allyson almost asleep , in Ben 's hotel bed . BEN that smile look like trouble . ( continued ) 47 . continued : allyson it be . and they be back at it . CUT to : morning Light come in the window of Ben 's suite , waking he . he sit up . look . allyson be go . Ben reach for he cell phone . dial . intercut with : logan airport allyson stand at a airport Starbucks . she answer she phone with one hand as she mix splenda into she drink with the other . allyson hello . BEN allyson . allyson hi . you look like you need the sleep . sol ... BEN yeah . neat turn . I be usually the one hope the door shut quiet , so the sleep girl do not trap I for breakfast . allyson do not read anything into it . into any of it actually . this happen and now we move on and my mother will not know the difference . BEN okay . that be -- allyson fun . we have a fun night . thanks for come up there with I . ( more ) ( continued ) 48 . continued : allyson ( cont 'd ) I will tell she that I decide to head back before you because I have some homework to catch up on . BEN when we run into each other at the house ... allyson you think I never cheat with anybody and have to see they girlfriend at school ? do not sweat it . BEN you sure you do not play card ? allyson do not worry about anything . I be cool . Ben mean it ... BEN yeah . you be . safe trip . allyson bye . allyson throw the wooden stirrer in the trash and head to she gate . Ben lay he head down on he pillow . but he eye be wide open . pete ( pre - lap ) ... so the committee have meet . CUT to : auto executive's office Ben sit across from Pete the Auto exec . pete the official vote will come down next week . but I want to give you a head start on get all the zone in order ... Ben extend a hand . ( continued ) continued : BEN great , pete. great . kalman Motors on the uptick . I look forward to work together . pete as do I . you actually find a heckuva location , one that need just the kind of dealership you have propose . if they have not approve you , I would have recommend find another dealer to open in that very spot . now , let I show you how many car we be expect you to floorplan for the first couple of quarter ... 49 . Pete turn he computer screen for Ben to take a look . sette mezzo restaurant CUT to : Ben , Jordan and allyson be mid-meal at the cash - only East 70 pasta joint . if either Ben or allyson be uncomfortable , they be do a good job of conceal it . jordan ... so0 this be a celebration all around , be not it . you new dealership on track and the fantastic news you just give we about allyson . again , Ben , I can not believe that you be able to get the information so soon . fantastic . just fantastic . BEN ( false modesty ) well , the Dean reach out . I mean he call I . jordan it 's nice of you to say that . I be sure you have do quite a bit of lobby . allyson really , mom ? you think he have to pull that hard on the string to get I in ? it 's not like my grade be so bad or anything -- ( continued ) continued : 50 . jordan I know how that thing be . you be a suitable enough candidate , but without Ben ... I can not imagine what you promise the Dean you would do if he take she -- BEN no , he be very impressed , want to make sure he would be see allyson in the fall . jordan we be so lucky to have you in we life right , Al ? allyson almost choke on it . allyson -- sure , Mom -- jordan ( to Ben ) I do not tell you often enough . we be . lucky . BEN just glad it all work out . the waiter come to clear they plate . CUT to : jordan' apartment the three the phone of they enter . jordan let 's have a after dinner drink . allyson you can have a soda . or , since you be go to be a college girl , a little wine , if you want . allyson I be go out . I will see you later . jordan a drink with we first . ring . ( continued ) 51 . continued : jordan I will get that . she disappear into the other room to take the call . Ben turn to allyson . they speak quickly and softly . urgently . BEN have you get my message ? allyson be you crazy ? BEN well , it 's hard to talk here , and -- allyson that 's right . we can not talk . please , Ben . you know what it be in Boston . please . it be a kick . really really fun . and so now I can check two thing off my list , the spite thing and the daddy thing . BEN daddy thing . allyson I do not even know it be on my list , or that I have a list . but now I know . come on . TI hope that be gonna be one more difference between you and the guy my age -- that you would not " go simple . " that you would not be all clingy and stuff . BEN not look to hang all over you . just think we could get some time together . allyson Ben . you need to forget about it . then both stop for a moment and listen . Jordan can still be hear talk on the phone in the other room . allyson I appreciate that you take the time to take I up to school . and that you speak to the dean on my behalf . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 52 . ( 2 ) allyson ( cont 'd ) and I appreciate the advice you give I . it 's already work . BEN which advice ? allyson you teach I to ask for what I want . the last guy I be with , it be easy . I just give he a blow job first , before anything else . and then another one . so he could last when we finally do it . and then I get on top of he and tell he exactly what to do . it be awesome . awesome . BEN you be make it up . allyson why would I make it up ? Ben speak even more quickly , hope to finish before Jordan reemerges . BEN to put I off you . to put distance between we . I use that trick all the time . but only when I be afraid I might actually feel something for someone . allyson well , I be not . I just do what you tell I to do when you be try to get I up to the room . BEN I be not try to . it happen . allyson I have get to go -- and at top volume ... allyson Mom , I be not gonna have a drink . I have to meet my friend ! -- Ben cut in . BEN -- not yet . allyson . I 'ma pretty cool customer . ( more ) ( continued ) 53. continued : ( 3 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) you know that 's what I do most night , be find someone to take home . and I never think about they again . allyson you mean most night you be not with she -- BEN -- that 's beside the point . but I can not stop replaying we time together . and not just in the room . when we be talk we be really listen to each other . really connect . I forget that you be eighteen . you forget that I be -- allyson no. I do not . Jordan enter from the other room . see the tension between they . jordan everything alright ? BEN of course . allyson we sleep together , Mom , in Boston . Jordan can not process . allyson yeah . that 's right . we do . lucky , huh ? on Ben 's face ... susan ( pre - lap ) oh , dad ... you do not ... CUT to : susan's apartment it 's night . Ben stand with Susan in the entrance just by the front door . no light be on . BEN ask I be it worth it . ( continued ) continued : 54 . susan what ? BEN ask I be it worth it . susan no. BEN well , it be . susan be you actually go to gloat about throw away -- BEN not gloat . stating something . which be , yes . from stand here now , look at it , it be worth it . it be a night and a half , suze . the way a eighteen - year old body respond - - a voice come from the darkness . gary no . no way , Ben . you can not keep drag she into -- susan do we wake you , honey ? I be sorry -- gary , Susan 's husband , approach . he 's early thirty , thin , with a slight Chicago accent . gary forget that . I can not have you listen to this crap anymore . I have tell you it 's unhealthy , the shrink tell you it 's unhealthy -- BEN Gary , stay out of my relationship with my daughter . gary my wife . susan well , I be both . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) gary sure , now you be . Cause you be what he have . but before he blow up he life , what be you to he ? really . susan Gary ! a beat . BEN well that 's a ballsy thing to say , garr. logical . also , bitter and small . I would always hope Susan would look to find a big man . gary I take care of she . I be here for she . always . BEN you be a hell of a provider . good . but I and she , we have get something else . we bleed the same . gary Susan , let 's go back to bed . susan I will meet you there in a minute . gary but - - susan my dad need to talk to I . I will be in soon . Gary glare at Ben , head back towards the bedroom . susan he 's right about a lot of stuff , you know . BEN guy like Gary be always right about a lot of stuff . that 's why they have client who pay they $ 450 a hour , and partner who fast track they and all that crap . I have never say you do not pick a smart husband . he 's just not much of a risk taker . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 56 . ( 3 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) that 's why I be impressed he have the ball to come at I just now . of course , he do not have the ball to stand he ground , stay toe to toe . susan you do not use to talk like this . BEN well , I use to shield you . I do not bother shield anyone anymore . no point to it . sitting in a jail cell make that sort of thing clear . susan you be not in jail , you pay a fine , settle . BEN I spend a night there . and before I make my deal I spend plenty of night think about what it would be like . a beat . susan we can have this conversation another time . but you come here at this late hour for a reason . a long beat . Susan go back . BEN the thing of it be , my rent ... Close as I be to get another dealership , and then roll ‘em up again , I have not get it do yet . and as far as income stream go .. susan Gary handle the checkbook . well , I handle it , but he go through it . and it 's he money . the money he earn by not take risk . to a drawer . take out a check . endorse the ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 4 ) susan Mom give I this as a present , half she commission on a classic six . I be go to cash it tomorrow . take it , it will cover two month or so . but that 's all I can give you . Ben hesitates for a moment . take the check and put it in he pocket . BEN it 's only for a short time . susan I know . a long beat . susan look , I be gonna head back to sleep . I have a early morning with scotty , we be go to the circus . BEN do you want I to come too ? susan no. Gary 's take the morning off , so ... BEN okay . I love you , pumpkin . susan good night dad . she wait as Ben open the door and walk out into the hallway . CUT to : four way intersection , somewhere in new jersey supertitle : two month later . a New car showroom have be build where before there be only the empty lot . it look exactly like the image on Ben 's mock -up . Ben stand watch as the new automobile be load off of giant car truck . ( continued ) 58 . continued : he see Pete hartofilis stand with another suite man , GEORGE vinyaraten . game face on , Ben stride over to they . BEN Pete , do not I tell you this be a kick ass location ! pete ben. hi. Ben gesture to the man next to Pete . BEN Ben kalman . GEORGE I know who you be , ' Ben kalman , New York 's honest car dealer . 's it 's a real pleasure . pete meet George vinyaraten . it 's he dealership . GEORGE welcome to vinyaraten Motors . BEN have a certain ring to it . a beat . pete now , Ben , I tell you that I love this spot . Ben hold up a hand . BEN I be not here in protest . I need a job . GEORGE you want to come work for I ? BEN I can sell the shit out of a car . always could . GEORGE there 's no doubt about that . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) pete George , could you step away for a moment , leave I with Mr. kalman . George extend a hand once more . GEORGE a great pleasure . and he move off . pete Ben , I be not even sure corporate would let you buy a car from we . you really crap the bed on this one . understand , I see the paperwork . it be prepare . you be in . I do not know what you do , exactly , but now there 's no way ... no way . BEN bring I into you house , Pete . i’1l leave you a real nice parting gift . Pete understand the offer be put on the table . pete I can not do it . Ben nod , walk away , look back just in time to see : a giant sign be be hang atop the dealership . it read , vinyaraten motor . CUT to : gino' restaurant Midtown . expensive old style italian across from bloomingdale . track past the bar , where singles in Wall Street attire drink and find ... Ben and paul gerrard finish espressos at a table in the back . gerrard be fifty - five , shave bald , wear a five- thousand dollar suit . Ben put down he espresso and gesture toward the bar which be between they table and the front door . ( continued ) continued : 60 . BEN ... Count three down from the one who look like a eskimo . Tan pants . I be gonna say ... divorced three year , have the kid with the dad tonight , and be go to play it for all it 's worth . gerrard FBI should hire you out as a profiler . BEN if they be smart they would . double they clearance rate . he nod in Tan pant 's direction . BEN not that hard . look . no wedding band . but she show picture on she phone to the bartender . the way he react , photo have to be of she kid . next , she do one shot and order another . this be why I be so strong on the lot . I have know just what kind of vehicle to put she in , and I definitely know what she 's look for tonight . gerrard I imagine you do . Ben wave a waiter to the table . gerrard Ben . I have always enjoy we dinner . but I can not let you out of here tonight without turn the conversation in a different direction . BEN yeah , yeah . we will , we will . the waiter come to Ben 's side . BEN send two of whatever she want to the lady in the tan pants . tell she I 'il be over there ina minute . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) the waiter leave to do it . Ben keep he eye on the bar . gerrard you have be a private banking client for -- Ben hold up a hand . BEN one sec . gotta watch it . angle on : the waiter make the approach . the lady in tan pant take a moment to get it , but then smile over at Ben . he nod back . BEN okay . now I can listen without be distract . gerrard the reason institution like ours have private banking client in the first place be so that we high net worth individual do not have to deal with financial minutiae in the middle of they busy day -- BEN you be kick I out of the bank . on : gerrard , catch . BEN after all this year . it 's why you do not touch you penne segreto . gerrard the bank usually send a letter . I want to tell you in person . BEN if I can say this nicely : fuck you , Paul . I do not expect you sympathy , but I have earn you belief . I have do nothing but win at business since I be twenty - two year old . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) gerrard you have my belief . that 's why , when you get into you jam , we continue to keep you and you family in the private bank . continue to steer deal you way . BEN I call bullshit . gerrard you call what ? what be that ? BEN it 's what they say . Point be , you pretend you stick by client through ' difficult time , 's but you be just look for the right moment to get the deficit off the book . gerrard we be not the one who change . you use to wake up at three in the morning to review business plan and sale report . now you be find you way home through a haze of woman and booze -- BEN you never object to the woman when some be fall off into you lap . gerrard they be a amusement six year ago . which be fine . now you can not even get through a meal without jump up -- BEN I be just yanking you with the stuff about the girl at the bar . I know all that because she 's a mother from scotty 's class . Carol soloman . I be not really roll she out of here . just say hi . gerrard yanking I ?-- a hint of humility come into Ben 's voice . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 4 ) BEN c’mon , Paul , give I a year to get it go again . this cripple I . I need the credibility the bank give I , the access , the back -- gerrard we have to do this . it 's finish , Ben . Ben see the maitre - D . yell out to he . BEN Jason . check over here ! right away . the maitre - D come to the table with the check , lean in close so as not to embarrass Ben . maitre-d about you house account ... Ben hand the check across the table to gerrard . BEN he 'il pay it . least he can fuck do . gerrard hesitates for a moment , then reach into he pocket . gerrard I really do wish you all the best . BEN sure . because what do that cost you ? Ben stand , push he chair into the table harder than necessary , and walk toward the door of the restaurant . CUT to : BEN 's bedroom Light come in around the edge of Ben 's blackout shade . he slowly open he eye . next to he , Carol soloman , the Lady in Tan pant still sleep . Ben reach to he bottle of child 's aspirin , take one . his movement wake Carol . she watch he recap the bottle . ( continued ) continued : 64 . carol baby aspirin , huh ? have you have a incident , or be you just cautious ? BEN I seem cautious to you ? carol not the first word I would use . BEN I do not actually know for sure . guy see something on a ekg once . want to run some test . carol what do they see ? BEN never go for ‘em . carol I could not live like that . and if you be my husband - - BEN well , thank God for all involved ... she slap he , mostly playfully . BEN what do I want to know for ? I just want do the thing I want to do , and only the thing I want to do , until it happen . whatever it be go to be . carol you seem to have infect I with a little of that spirit . shit. how do I end up here with the grandfather of my son 's friend ? BEN because you be in you late thirty , Carol . in you twenty you have have hold out for a dissatisfied father of you son 's friend . she slap at he again . this time a bit less playfully . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) carol who talk like that ? BEN everyone . but most people only say this shit to themselves . I let it fly . carol and you think that 's a good thing ? BEN what I think be : conversation 's not we long suit . let 's just get dress . carol Fine with I . she begin get out of the bed BEN and , although it should not need to be voice , let 's not tell Susan about this . carol do not worry , that 's the last thing I want . BEN hey , can you get a look at that clock ? carol the clock . BEN the one in the drawer on you side . I throw it in there last night , so it would not wake we up when the alarm go off . as she 's go to the drawer . carol be not that the idea ? BEN I be drunk . what time be it ? carol early . 65 . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 3 ) BEN good . carol yeah . I do not have to get the kid until two . so I have three hour . BEN fuck . it 's eleven ? carol thirty . BEN fuck . Ben scramble out of bed . CUT to : outside of espn zone Susan stand with scotty and Gary on the sidewalk in front of the Times Square arcade and entertainment complex . they be say goodbye to a few mother and kide of scotty 's age . Ben come half - jogging up to they as the last of the mom and kid leave . BEN happy birthday , kiddo . Ben pull scotty into a hug . Susan shake she head at Ben . Gary can barely look at he . as Ben and scotty separate ... scotty you miss the party , Captain Ben . Gary bump a eyebrow at Susan '' Captain Ben ? '' Susan shrug , '' tell ya later . '' BEN and I be sorry about that . I have a last minute business meeting . but I be here now ! scotty yeah , but the party 's over . you do not get to sing happy birthday . you do not get any cake . ( continued ) 67 . continued : gary Capital work there , Ben . every time I lower the bar of expectation , you limbo right under it . Ben ignore he . speak to scotty . BEN so we 'il have we own after-party . and we 'il make it even better than this party . scotty we will ? BEN definitely . he turn to Susan . BEN be you head back to the apartment ? Susan do not respond , she look to Gary , who have hail a cab . gary C ’mon scotty , Susan , let 's go . Susan grab a huge bag of gift , put it in the front seat of the taxi . then she hustle scotty into the back seat , in between Gary and she . scotty can he come over ? please , mom ! Susan shut the door , shout out the window . susan there 's no room in the cab . BEN we can squeeze . move the present to the trunk . Susan speak softly enough that scotty can not hear , but she anger still come through . susan if you want to come , get yourself there . and you better have a present and a cake with you too . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) and the car drive off , leave Ben stand there with he hand in he pocket . he turn to head towards the subway . CUT to : susan's kitchen Ben , scotty and Susan stand around a carvel cake with nine candle in it . Ben light the candle and he and Susan begin to sing . Gary enter the room at the sound of the sing and join in for he son . as soon as happy birthday end , Gary walk back out . Ben hand scotty a knife and help he cut the first piece . susan we be go to save that for after dinner . scotty but it 's my cake . susan you already have cake today . BEN it 's he birthday . let he have a bite at least , so I can watch . Ben cut off a small bite for scotty , put it in he grandson 's mouth . scotty make a big show of enjoy himself . Susan can not help let a smile come . CUT to : scotty 's room Susan stand at the doorway watch Ben and scotty . the two of they sit right next to each other on the floor of scotty 's room , play madden on PS3 . susan this be the last quarter , guy . scotty we just start this game . no way . susan how many have you already play ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : scotty this be the last game of the regular season . but we be only play three minute quarter so we ’1ll be do really soon . BEN ( with scotty 's enthusiasm ) really soon . susan half-hour more and that 's it you two . we have to go to you other grandparent 's house . scotty but I want to stay with grandpa . he say I could call he that in private . susan well , daddy 's parent be expect we , so we have to go . Ben make some move with he controller . BEN touchdown ! scotty hey , no fair . I be talk to my mom . BEN snooze you lose young man . and they be back to the game . Susan watch a moment more then shut the door . CUT to : front hallway Ben stand at the door . Susan help he on with he coat . BEN bye , scotty . see you this week . scotty give he one more hug . ( continued ) 70 . continued : susan I 'il walk you to the elevator . CUT to : build hallway Susan and Ben stand by the elevator door . BEN I be glad we have a minute alone . I need to ask you for another small loan . susan you be out of you mind . Gary 's right . you have actually lose it . BEN what ? susan I be not give you more money . especially after today 's performance . the elevator come . Ben let it go without he . BEN you tell I scotty do not have a great time ? susan no . he have a better time with you than anyone . that 's the problem . he think you be magic . BEN that 's how he should think of he grandfather . susan no . he should think of he grandfather as consistent , reliable . BEN consistent be boring . his other grandparent be consistent and he do not even want to go to they house . ( continued ) continued : 71 . susan but when he need they , he know that they 's 11 come run . and it make he feel safe . BEN that 's a illusion . you know that . no one can really protect anyone . you see what happen to I . all that so-called important pal I have line up over the year go run for the hill -- susan I be not go to go back and forth with you about this . you miss he party . he have a long face on the whole time , keep look at the elevator every time it open , think that you be go to come walk out . Mom and I must have try you cell six time -- BEN I do not mean to miss the party . my alarm do not go off and -- susan it 's not what you mean to do . it 's what you do . and you know whose fault it really be ? mine . I let he have this hope . just like I do when I be he age . but I will not anymore . if you let he down again , that 's it . I can not put he in a position to get hurt . not when you can totally prevent it from happen . BEN what be you gonna do , cut I off from see my own grandson ? I love that little boy . susan it 's not fair for you to dart in and out at you own whim to the extent that he can not even have fun at he own birthday party . either be in he life or do not . Susan push the elevator button and neither one say another word . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 2 ) the elevator arrive . Ben slowly get in . CUT to : nancy'a apartment ... the apartment be huge , but have a warm , classic style . Nancy hand Ben a glass of red wine , sit across from he . nancy it 's good for the heart . antioxidant . Ben move the wine to the side . BEN important as the future health of my circulatory system be , nance , it 's not at the top of my list at the moment . the truth be : I can not give you anymore check . not for a while . Nancy take it in . nancy hmm-hm . BEN and ... and I need to ask you to float I some cash . nancy benny , I have never let you starve . BEN which be thoughtful consider -- nancy -- but I can not support you -- BEN -- how many meal I buy you over the year , how much cash go from I to you -- nancy stop . you be not one of that guy . you do not even make I take you to court . Ben open he palm . ( continued ) 73 . continued : BEN you put in the year . what be I gonna do ? Ben get up , wine in hand , go to the window and look out over New York . BEN what be I suppose to do ? nancy what people do . what I do . move forward . you be not who you be . I be not either - - never think I have sell real estate . turn out I be good at it . and I like it . and I like my wine class and play bridge with my friend on wednesday . Ben gesture out the window . BEN and you still have the best view in the city ... nancy that 's why I never sell it . Ben glance back at she . nancy or do you think I be hold vigil that some day you have return , and I want everything to be the same for we reunion . BEN you make it pretty clear you be not when you shack up with Mark , the orthodontist -- nancy he 's a financial -- BEN he have the affect of a orthodontist . nancy it last three month . I know you have rather I join a convent . ( continued ) continued : 74 . ( 2 ) BEN I just find it interesting that you have not change the furniture . not a chair . or a ccouch . not even a cushion . nancy couch still comfortable ? BEN most comfortable couch I have ever sit on . nancy yeah , I do not make it a habit to change what work . that 's you move . no answer from Ben for a long moment . BEN be that what you think ? that it be work ? nancy for a long time . until you decide that nothing be work for you . BEN I do not decide . thing happen . event take place . nancy you have never be the kind of person '' thing happen '' to . you make thing happen . always have . you build you business yourself , destroy it yourself . same with we marriage . you can blame anyone you want : I for have the audacity to get older each year , you general manager for '' engage in practice '' you do not know about , the d.a. 's office for be politically motivate , but until you figure out how you actually get in this position , you x11 never find you way out of it . Ben almost speak to it . almost unburden . instead , he just take a sip of the wine , look back over the city . CUT to : 75 . ben' apartment Ben , in he bathrobe , sit on he couch . he be unshaven . packing box be scattered across the floor . his buzzer ring . CUT to : ben' new apartment Ben , in he bathrobe , sit on he couch , watch television . this apartment , a studio with a bed in the corner , be much smaller than the old one . his cell phone ring . he do not answer it . his land line ring . he do not answer that one either . and then a knock on he front door . he consider he option then get up . stand at the door be todd the build manager , cut in the Kevin Smith mold , plenty of attitude . Ben do not ask he in . todd Mr. kalman . BEN Todd . todd Mr. kalman , you be three week late and it 's only you second month . when I let you move in here with questionable financial you convinced I I could trust you . BEN you can . todd I need that check or I have to start removal proceedings . BEN by tomorrow afternoon . my own sense of honor will not let I default on -- Ben be cut off by a voice come from down the hall . we recognize it as Susan 's before we see she . ( continued ) 76 . continued : susan Carol soloman ? you have to fuck a friend of mine , someone I see at school everyday ? then mock she in the morning , never call she , never even return she call . you have to put I in that position ? you be priceless , dad . BEN ho-ho-hold on -- by now Susan be stand at the door with Ben and Todd , who do not make it more comfortable by leave . susan scotty have a play date at Sean 's house , that 's Carol 's son , and when I get there to pick he up , she sit I down in they kitchen and tell I the story . say she nanny be go to bring Sean to the next playdate because it 's too awkward otherwise . BEN what have she expect , that I have pin she , take she to the prom ? tell she to grow up . susan it 's not about what she expect . it 's about what I expect . BEN you expect I to be chaste ? to never have sex again now that you mother and I be divorced . susan no . I expect you not to fuck my friend . Ben turn to Todd . BEN do you think you could let we -- Todd , enjoy it , take he time answer . todd by tomorrow . certify or cashier 's . or you be go . Todd leave , smirk . ( continued ) continued : 77 . ( 2 ) BEN do you want to come inside , pumpkin ? - - susan no . be she really you only option ? could not you have just call a hooker if you need it that bad ? BEN I can not afford to anymore . the good one cost too much . Susan laugh , but as a reflex , not with any joy . BEN you use to love my storey . susan I like that you have treat I as you friend . BEN I still do . susan but now we be both old enough to know you should not . Ben let this settle for a second . then meet she eye . a beat . BEN you be not a kid anymore . it 's time to realize you can not change you daddy . susan I be still you child . and it 's time you realize you be still my father . BEN so what do you want I to do ? susan I want you to get help . see someone . maybe try medication . something . just until you get you balance back . BEN no . you know I be not do that . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 3 ) susan well , then , if you really will not help yourself , I need you to leave I , my friend , my family alone . BEN I be sorry to hear that . susan but not sorry enough to do something about it . a long beat . susan you be actually go to let we walk out of you life ? BEN you be make the choice . not I . Susan hesitates for a moment . susan Fine . if that 's the way you need to hear it . I be make it . stay away from we . she turn and walk away . on Ben ... CUT to : a new england neighborhood it 's late at night . no traffic on the tree-line street . a sedan roll to a stop and park in front of a ... modest house Ben , now clean up a bit , get out of the sedan , walk up the driveway to the front porch . he hesitates for a moment at the front door . knock . take a beat . look through the pane of glass . take another beat . ring the bell . step back as he hear footstep . jimmy ( 0.s. ) yeah ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : BEN it 's Ben . ben. door open . Jimmy be in he robe , clearly just awaken . he step aside and gesture Ben into the house . jimmy Anne 's still sleep so ... BEN of course . Ben step lightly as he enter . CUT to : jimmy kitchen Jimmy take two beer out of the fridge , hand one to Ben . BEN thanks . have to get out of the city . do not even know where I want to go . I just put it in drive . stop here . I know you be not expect I . jimmy we be friend , right ? Ben take a pull on he beer . BEN thanks . a beat . jimmy I gotta serve breakfast in the morning , so ... BEN of course . Jimmy point to a room at the other end of the house . jimmy blanket be in the playroom . a pillow too . use that couch . Ben nod and Jimmy begin walk down the hall toward he bedroom . ( continued ) 80 . continued : BEN hey , Jimmy ... Jimmy turn back . Ben hesitates for a long moment . this be not easy . BEN how you fix for help . at the deli . .? jimmy really ? Ben shrug . CUT to : jame J. mccoun 's Ben , wear a apron , fit a pound of roast beef into the meat slicer . BEN Jimmy , come help I set the thickness on this thing . Jimmy come over , set the dial for he . BEN hey , thanks for the job . jimmy I have need someone since the kid quit last semester . besides -- BEN I know . Friends . Ben turn on the machine . before Jimmy walk away they both notice a knockout come through the front door . BEN how the hell do you get you work do with all this distraction here . jimmy I look for a second and then I go back to what I gotta do . BEN uh huh . and you have be marry how long ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : jimmy twenty - four year this April . BEN and all that time , you have never have so much as a picnic with any of this girl ? jimmy I be marry to Anne . BEN yeah I know . I just say that . but not once ? not once ? jimmy four time . early eighty . but that be before I be marry . BEN and nothing since then ? jimmy it 's not exactly like they be begging I for it . this girl take economics . Micro and macro . they know what fifty - eight k a year get ya . they be look to hook up with guy they own age , or rich asshole . no offence . BEN how could that offend I ? Jimmy grab a hero roll , slice it in half , make a sub as he talk . jimmy you want to know the secret , why it do not bother I . BEN yeah . jimmy Truth , it be not easy in the beginning . first couple year after I take over for my dad , -- honest , I would dream about this girl all night . Ben take the slice roast beef out of the machine , put it on a mayo have piece of white bread , add lettuce , tomato and the second piece of bread . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) jimmy but then , as they start come back after they graduate , to homecomings and ball game , and sit at the same table , and order the same food , I see : they do not stay like this . none of ‘em . they put on year , pound , line , everything . and I get one like that at home . and I can talk to she . I know she . I will always know she . BEN and now you never look at this girl and want to fuck ‘em . jimmy no . I want to fuck all of they for a minute . some for a month . but I can let it go . BEN not I . I do not know how I do not get up here sooner . everywhere my eye land I see soft target . some of this girl be real special , James . jimmy ah , in the end , it 's all the same . it 's suppose to be young man who confuse the difference between young woman - - BEN yeah , Shaw . I use it to mean something different sometimes . Ben plate the roast be sandwich and walk it around the counter . as he move into the dining area , the front door open and allyson enter with a group of girlfriend . she do not see Ben at first , and work she way to a table in the rear of the diner . Ben try to keep he back to she as he deliver the sandwich . on he way back behind the counter though , they make eye contact . allyson , play it as cool as she can in front of she new Friends , get up from she seat . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 3 ) allyson Ben . this be weird , Ben . BEN I do not chase you up here . a beat . allyson I do not even know what to say . I ... BEN nothing you have to say . allyson this be really weird . now the Girls at allyson 's table be watch the conversation . a few other table be pay attention too . BEN let 's go out front for a sec . CUT to : sidewalk in front of jame J. mccoun 's Ben and allyson walk out of the restaurant . Light snow fall . BEN I need to get out of the city . Jimmy give I a job . that 's the reason I come up . allyson this be the best job you could get . BEN it 's a job . allyson but you have to have other option . BEN you mother be very thorough in eradicate they . allyson take this in . ( continued ) 84 . continued : allyson you must be so mad at I . BEN I be not , actually . you have a open , take it . get a hard , clean shot in on you mom . box glove can not get mad at the fist . allyson so you be alright ... BEN it be what it be . there 's really nothing more to say . they stand for a moment longer , then allyson turn toward the restaurant . just before she open the door ... allyson I do not do it to get at she . I do it because I want to . almost a smile from ben. BEN I too . allyson , and then Ben , walk back inside . dissolve to : jame J. mccoun 's it 's another day . dinner crowd be thinning out . Ben work the counter . the front door open and cheston enter . he 's with a attractive girl , maureen . the two of they , in winter clothes lightly dust with snow , take seat at the counter . Ben see they . BEN cheston . cheston Mr. kalman . great to see you . I have hear you be here . I want to give this back to you . cheston hand Ben the shirt that get mess up fight over the frisbee . ( continued ) 85 . continued : BEN you even wash it . thanks . cheston De nada . this be obviously a inside joke to Maureen . she repeat it ... maureen De nada ... and the two of they laugh . Ben like it . BEN you seem to be do just fine , young man . cheston well , I tell you I be a good student . this be Maureen . BEN hi , Maureen . what can I get you ? maureen Black and White shake , please . BEN on its way . cheston hold up two finger . cheston dos. again , laugh . maureen dos. BEN and this be on the house . cheston thanks . hey , we be have a little house party Thursday night . you want to come by ? BEN you , have a party ? be not there class the next day ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 2 ) cheston so I sleep late and miss a class . be that really such a big deal ? BEN not if you be sleep late with Maureen it 's not . I have love to come to the party . gracias por la invitacion . not much laughter . Ben turn on the blender . CUT to BEN ... ... walk along the street outside James J. mccoun . the snow have pick up now . he wear a long black woolen coat . student and local move along the street too , but in small cluster , together , talk and laugh . Ben watch it all as he walk . CUT to : modest house - playroom Ben get ready for bed . take he shirt off , he pants . sit down . breath out . his cell phone ring . he look at the number , almost do not answer . BEN ( into phone ) yeah . intercut with : Jordan be in the back seat of a chauffeur drive town car park outside the whitney . jordan I be go to speak quickly and clearly so that we do not misunderstand one another , Benjamin . BEN that would be fine . ( continued ) continued : the phone he couch . 87 . jordan it have be explain to I that you be on allyson 's campus . BEN I be at the school , yes . I get a job up here . jordan you be to leave that campus tomorrow . I will not have my daughter 's environment threaten . this be she college experience . I want she to remember it fondly . BEN do she complain to you ? jordan that 's a irrelevant question . BEN well I have never approach she , never try to -- jordan you be mistake this for a conversation . I do not want to have to tell she father about everything that 's transpire . but I will . and , as you know , he have a wide range group of contact . and a far reach . BEN so you be ask I to come back to the city -- jordan I for one , do not care where you be . as long as you be not there . tomorrow , Ben . get go . or this file move from my desk to allyson 's father 's . go silent . Ben turn it off , lie down on CUT to : 88. cheston 's house Belle and sebastian 's dear catastrophe waitress play on a ipod hi- fi set up on the lid of a old vinyl turntable . cheston 's roommate , maureen and a good size group of other student be hang out talk over the music . drink , cigarettes , a bong . cheston and Ben , each with a bottle of beer in hand , lean in close to one another on cheston 's couch . at various point during the conversation , Ben make eye contact with a tall girl who have blonde streak in she hair . BEN ... so now I be think that maybe allyson be not try to get a rise out of she mother so much as she be try to get my attention through she mother . you see what I mean ? cheston try to understand behavior through jungian archetype be a slippery slope , Ben ... Ben realize something . BEN you be sneaking in some study this afternoon be not you ? cheston I still have to do well . I tell she I be crash out after a morning wake and bake . BEN well play . but back to allyson . see , I just know there be a message be send . cheston close he eye for a moment . cheston do you get , like , catch up in she or something . BEN I might have . ( continued ) 89 . continued : cheston but you counsel to I be to remember that -- BEN I say a whole bunch of shit , kid . some of it 's even true . Ben start move he head to the Belle and sebastian . BEN be this new ? it 's great . cheston no . it 's old . really old . I be in ninth grade when it come out , I think . BEN good though . what be it ? cheston Belle and sebastian . Scottish seven-piece . Ben take a moment , scope the whole scene cheston 's work . BEN nicely do , young man , nicely do ... and then he gesture toward Maureen , who be loung across the room . BEN ... all around . cheston well , be a junior be nothing like be a sophomore . BEN that 's for sure . but be a sophomore be better than be a senior . Cause it 's all in front of you . Belle and sebastian fade out and the ipod shuffles to hoodrat friend by the hold steady . Ben still keep the time with he head . he downs he drink , get up , and go over to the tall girl with blonde streak . ( continued ) continued : 90 . ( 2 ) BEN lumberjack , right ? tall girl what ? BEN that 's you Sunday morning breakfast . the lumberjack special . two two and two . cake , egg , bacon . tall girl you be the guy who work at mccoun . I keep try to figure out who you be . Ben try to find he in . BEN I be the hash slinger . tall girl okay . BEN I notice the breakfast for two reason . first because you have get the same hair bancroft have in Mrs. Robinson . and she always drive I nut . no real sign of encouragement , or its opposite . BEN and , I love the fact that you have the gut to just eat , you know , fuck what people think , you be gonna be you , right ? tall girl wow . that 's way more think than I put into it . I just like pancake . BEN uh huh . cool . Music keep play . BEN great band , right . tall girl they be my favorite . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) BEN I remember when it first come out . like around ' 95 . I say to myself , Belle and sebastian , they be the future . and I listen to it that whole year . tall girl well , this be the hold steady play now . BEN oh. tall girl yeah . good talk to you . i’11 um ... i’11 see you at mccoun . she walk to the other side of the party , join a couple of she Friends , who try not to look over at Ben . Ben head for the cooler to get another drink . Maureen be get a refill too . Ben fall into a much more natural rhythm with she . BEN cheston 's terrific , be not he ? maureen no , he 's superific . he think you be some kind of arch Doctor phil . BEN Doctor phil . no way . I be much more cut edge than that . he 's mainstream . and a bozo . I be like Bill Clinton . maureen what be it with man you age and Bill Clinton ? BEN Men my age ! Ben really get roll now . the precede failure a memory . he begin walk to a quiet corner . Maureen follow . BEN it 's just a good analogy . like he , I be strong of jaw and big of heart . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 92 . ( 4 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) and although no longer on the front line , a statesman , who can tell you just what to say and do to get the job do . she laugh , warmly . maureen be that what you tell cheston ? how to get it do ? he 's pretty close mouth about the specifics . BEN well I never reveal confidence . I want you to know that too . I have never tell he anything you say either . or anything I see . or anything that happen . maureen what 's go to happen , Ben ? Ben close the distance between they a bit . BEN that 's not actually the question of the moment . maureen no ? BEN the question of the moment be this : be you get enough from the transaction ? maureen the transaction ? BEN yeah . between the two of you . look , you have joke , that Spanish gimmick or whatever it be , you can wear each other 's clothes , study together , but , how can he be get it do for you where it matter ? it 's obvious that you get it do for he . but what do you get from the transaction . she lean in to he . speak as quietly as she can , but with fire . ( continued ) 93 . continued : ( 5 ) maureen you be a scumbag . Way worse than Clinton too . he actually try to do some good . shit. cheston think you care about he . BEN I do . this have absolutely nothing to do with he . he have never find out . never . listen , I be not ask you to stop be with he . I think it 's a nice little thing for both of you . but what I be talk about be something else . and the very fact that you be still stand in with I here , tell I that you know it too . maureen I be still stand here because I be decide whether to throw this drink in you face or not . but I do not want cheston to know what you try to do . so instead , I 'il just ask you to walk away . BEN hey , nothing personal . he turn to go . she grab he by the shoulder . maureen that 's it , actually . since you ask . that 's what I get . something personal . besides ' get it do 's upstairs , which he do , cheston and I reach each other . he 's tender . funny . sweet. smart . he 's a million thing that you be not . BEN I be once . it do not last , honey . and Ben head for the door . on he way he grab another beer , drink it down in a gulp . the quad / susan 's bedroom - intercut Ben careen across the quad , obviously starch . he walk past the bench . the one he stop at before . he linger . run he hand across the top of the bench . take out he cell phone . ( continued ) continued : 94 . gary hello . BEN I want to speak to my grandson . gary he 's be asleep for ... six hour . Jesus , do you know what time it be ? BEN late . I be sure it 's late . wake he up . he 'il want to talk to I . Ben hear the sound of the phone be pass across the bed . susan dad . you can not do this . you be drunk . BEN I need to talk to he . I have thing to tell he . important thing . rule . what to do . what not to do . I can teach he . who else be go to ? susan no. BEN this be important stuff . I do not want he to fuck it all up . I be not gonna be around forever and when I be go who will he have to show he ? susan this be hard for I . but I be hang up , dad . BEN okay , okay . I call past he bedtime . I should not have . but I be sit here on the bench , you know , where I meet you mother . I have to walk past this fuck bench three time every day . I try not to look at it . but I always do . we sit here , talk from three in the afternoon until the sun come up again . ( more ) ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 2 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) how can I be on this bench and not want to talk to she , to you , to someone . to scotty . susan I be sorry -- BEN tomorrow . i’11 call back in the morning . susan he will not be available then either . he think you be on a long trip where there be no phone . which you be . Ben put the phone back in he pocket . CUT to : modest neighborhood Ben walk toward Jimmy 's house . five door down from Jimmy 's place , Ben pass a park lincoln town car . he do not notice that ... a man , nascarella , get out of the lincoln and begin follow he . nascarella come up behind Ben and punch he in the kidney . Ben go straight down . nascarella stand over he . nascarella I be gonna tell you a few thing . then I be gonna do a few thing . first , you be not be rob . Ben , breathe heavy , try to get up on hand and foot . nascarella just stay there . Ben roll over to a sit position . ( continued ) continued : 96 . nascarella second , my name be nascarella . I be give you my particular , so you understand that you can forget go to the cop about this . I have thirty year in and leave with a gold shield . plus I square thing with the campus officer when he be give I a copy of a report he write up . seem you have throw the first punch before . just like tonight . BEN the fuck do you want ? I pay all my Vegas debt . ac too . nascarella good . nothing to do with I . I run security for allyson langer 's father . and the third thing I gotta tell you be : leave . as soon as you can . you be tell once . you ignore it . be you gonna ignore I ? Ben meet nascarella 's eye . BEN no. I be not . I x11 go . nascarella you mean that ? really ? that 's a promise ? BEN yes . I x11 leave first thing in the morning . nascarella not sure you ’1l1 be able to get on you way that quickly . BEN what ? nascarella you can get up now . Ben get himself to he foot . the moment he do , nascarella be on he . even if he be not drunk , Ben could not do much against the man . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) nascarella throw punch like a technician . he attack the rib , stomach , kidney and drop Ben back down to the concrete with a shot to the face . nascarella do not ignore I . no broad be worth it . nascarella turn and walk back to he car . Ben slowly try to stand , can not . he fall back again . jimmy ( pre - lap ) we gotta get you to a hospital . CUT to : jimmy front porch Ben sit on the top step . he 's bent over , and have a homemade ice- pack on he face . Jimmy sit next to he . BEN no . no hospital . just want to lie down . jimmy uh uh . I will not let you close you eye until we get you check out . Ben force himself to sit up straighter . BEN you will not let I ? jimmy no . you could have internal shit go on . could have hit you head on the ground . we need a doctor . BEN we . we need one ? jimmy yeah . BEN Jesus Christ be you just too fuck good to be true . why the fuck do you care if I get look at or not . and do not say , ' we be friend . 's ( continued ) continued : 98. jimmy but we be . BEN I have not see you in thirty year . jimmy do not change anything . BEN see , that 's where we be different . I never put much faith in that whole racket . jimmy the friendship racket ? BEN yeah . jimmy you have more pal then you know what to do with when you be here . Ben wobble for a moment . steady himself with he arm . Ben try BEN look , there 's a place for friend . know where ? in the midrange . because that 's where everyone 's comfortable . when you be just like they . right in the middle . but in the high moment , the lowest , you be alone . when I be on the cover of forbe , I be there by myself . when I be on the cover of the time business section in handcuffs , I be by myself again . jimmy that 's not -- BEN please . to take a deep breath . wince . cough . BEN at the top , they pull at you , smile at you , but they , all of they , would kill you , literally kill you , to take you place . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 99 . ( 2 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) and on my way to that court house -- you think anyone want to know what be really go on in my head , take a real peak in there ? no . it be just I . jimmy I remember Nancy . no way she treat you like that . a long beat . not even Ben can argue against that one . BEN nope . Nancy be legit . and I be legit with she . when I could not be anymore , I leave . jimmy and where 's that leave you ? do not you see ? BEN it 's fine . jimmy but even in jail , that 's consider the worst , be not it . solitary ? no companionship -- BEN solitary would not be a problem for I . it would not be any different . jimmy I be sorry to hear that , Ben . I really be . Ben get to he foot . steady himself . Jimmy grab he by the arm , lead he to the front door . Ben put a hand out to grab the railing . they stop move . jimmy for what it 's worth , when you be on the cover of forbe , feel like I be on the cover . I save it and everything . Ben say nothing for a long moment . then . BEN I believe you . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 3 ) jimmy good . let 's get inside then . Jimmy turn to head in . Ben take a step toward the door then buckle , fall to a knee . BEN you know something , I think that guy might have bust my rib . Ben cough once more . it do not sound good . a little blood come up with it , dribble out of the corner of he mouth . BEN damn . Jimmy catch Ben just as he pass out . CUT to : hospital room two night later . Ben , tape around the chest , lie motionless . Susan sit in a bedside chair , hand in she lap . after a moment , Ben stir and open he eye . BEN susie . susan hi dad . BEN hi . I can understand myself now . Ben struggle to lift he head from the pillow . susan they lower the dose of painkiller . have to keep it high so you would not move too much , cause more internal damage . you be go to be okay . BEN you come . to see I . she take he hand in hers . ( continued ) 101 . continued : susan yeah . BEN you be gold , suze , gold . Ben put he head back down . BEN how long can you stay ? susan for now . TI have to head back in the morning . you rest . I x11 sit with you ' till then . BEN I be sorry about Carol Solomon . I know I should not have -- susan shhh . forget about that now . Rest . BEN thanks , pumpkin . Ben close he eye and Susan sit back in she chair never let go of Ben 's hand . dissolve to : morning in BEN 's room Susan be go and Ben be wake up by a Eastern european nurse , who tend to he bandage . nurse you be heal quite nicely . BEN still hurt like a beast . nurse it will be sore for some time still . the doctor will be in after they round . they speak to you doctor back in New York , and while you be under sedation they run a series of test . I know they want to discuss that result with you . ( continued ) continued : 102 . BEN what kind of test ? how do they know who to speak to ? nurse you tell they and sign consent form when you come in . BEN I do not remember . nurse you would not . the alcohol and shock to you system be pretty extreme . BEN what kind of test ? nurse they do a series , as I say . concentrate on you heart . Ben look around the room . BEN be I still connect to any of this ? nurse just the iv . BEN disconnect it , please . nurse that 's against doctor 's order . BEN well , I be leave . and I can not drag that thing behind I . Ben gather he energy and sit up . CUT to : modest house a taxi slow in front of Jimmy 's house . Ben get out and struggle up the driveway . he see allyson wait on the porch . ( continued ) continued : 103 . allyson I have be call the hospital every morning . they say no visitor except family . and then today they say you leave . soti think I have wait here for you . I hope you do not mind . BEN I have never have a problem with it . you father might not be thrilled though . allyson I tell my dad if anything else happen to you , I would not ever talk to he again . he know I be serious because I once do not talk to he for nine month . he will not chance it . Ben ease himself down into a chair . BEN only daughter have that kind of power . allyson yeah . and it 's almost enough to keep he around . BEN right . you have that ' daddy thing . 's I remember . Ben 's phone ring . the caller id read '' mass General Hospital . '' Ben hit ignore . allyson do you want I to come in for a while ? BEN you know what , I think I need to rest . allyson you sure ? BEN yeah . do I a favor though ?.. allyson what 's that ? ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) BEN help I up . she grab he by the arm and guide he into the house . CUT to : playroom it 's morning . Ben open he eye to he cell phone ringing . caller id : '' mass General Hospital . '' once again , he hit ignore . CUT to : jimmy front porch Ben exit the house , a purposeful expression on he face . CUT to : cheston 's house Ben ring the bell . he have a department store bag in he hand . after a moment , cheston come to the door . cheston ben. Ben hand cheston the bag . BEN I treat you wrong , kid . I be here to make it right . cheston really . BEN yep . you give I back my shirt . but I never give you back the one I borrow . and that 's wrong . cheston look inside the bag . cheston this be not my shirt . ( continued ) 105 . continued : a beat . Ben nod . BEN well , that particular shirt be in a box in New York somewhere . but I pick one out I think would look good on you . cheston thanks . then Ben get to it . BEN it 's possible there have be other way I treat you wrong . cheston I know . she tell I . she do not want to , but I see something be bother she ... she say you be drunk , that I should not be mad . it be just sad , but that 's who you be . BEN see , she might actually be a good one . I forget to tell you about the good one . they be different than all the other . and rare . when you get a good one , you do not want to fuck it up . Ben smile . cheston I figure that lesson out on my own . BEN yeah , cheston , you would . because you be a good one too . cheston thanks for the shirt . I have to -- BEN go ahead . hit that book . cheston nod at Ben , go back inside . CUT to : 106 . jame J. mccoun Ben , mostly heal by now , and Jimmy , be close up as the last customer leave . jimmy I be take Anne to the North end for dinner tonight . Daily catch . you want to come with ? BEN I think I have intrude enough in you home . you go take you wife out , have a wonderful time . and leave a sock on the door if you need some alone time afterwards . jimmy the sock . that 's right . I forget about that . BEN you also forget about the time I and nance intentionally ' forget 's to put the sock out , just so we could see you face when you walk in on we . jimmy that I remember . you have a puny little -- BEN hey -- jimmy ass . I be say a small ass back then , when we be kid . the man laugh with each other , remember . Jimmy throw some dish into the washer . BEN you know what , go . let I finish out . do the dish . you have a great night . jimmy you do not have to make that offer twice . and Jimmy grab he stuff and leave . dissolve to : 107 . jame J. mccoun some time have pass . Ben dry the last of the dish , put they away . he grab he jacket , walk out the front door and lock it . quad Ben make he way across the quad . the first sign of spring be about . it 's fairly quiet , although there be a twilight frisbee golf game go on . Ben watch the kid throw a few , then continue walk . suddenly , he stop . he see ... nancy , sitting on there bench . she smile at Ben . he return it . no mix feeling . he 's really glad to see she . she motion for he to come sit down . he do . BEN hi nance . nancy let 's save ' hi’ for a sec . I just want a answer . no equivocate . BEN okay . nancy when be the first time a doctor send you for a heart scan ? Ben react . BEN Hospital call you ? nancy they call Susan . BEN you have the result ? nancy I do . now answer I . ( continued ) continued : 108 . BEN Doctor Steinberg order that test about six year ago . nancy how long after that do you start cheating ? BEN that day . nancy uh huh . and you never go for the test , do you ? BEN nope . silence from Nancy . BEN look . I can not use that as a excuse . it be a factor , but everything be building up anyway . nancy Building up how ? BEN I be turn invisible . nancy invisible ? BEN you could not understand , nance . thirty year ago , when I walk into a room , the room change . just ' cause I show up . out of college , self - make , great shape , tv commercial , all of it . nancy I remember . I be right there next to the camera when you shot they . BEN then you remember what I be like back then : a lion . and that 's how people treat I . but it start to change the past ten or twelve year . I have walk into a room and only the older crowd would notice . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : a beat . 109 . ( 2 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) because they know who I be . but to everyone else : invisible . nancy you be never invisible to I . BEN do not count . you be my wife . nancy it 's what happen , bennie , we get old . BEN hey . I accept that it 's biological . but I can not accept that it happen to I . when Steinberg think he see something on my ekg , I get nervous at first . he tell I to go get that heart scan , to see how much blockage there be . I walk out of he office with every intention of get it check out . nancy instead ... BEN instead I go to some bar and grill on lexington Ave , have a couple to calm myself , and take the first young lady who say ' yes 's to a suite at the carlisle . BEN that be the first time I ever step out on you . nancy what have it do for you ? BEN the truth -- it do plenty . nancy and then . .? BEN and then I feel horrible . I have break something . the only thing that have ever count . I and you . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 110 . ( 3 ) BEN ( cont 'd ) it be over after that between we . even if you do not know , I do . I know we could never make it work again after that . nancy so you not only cheat , you would not even give I the chance to forgive you . BEN would you have ? nancy I do not know . I think so . BEN I figure you have see it on my face , know straight away . but you do not . nothing happen . so I keep go . nancy of course . BEN and then , not long after , I be at my shop in White Plains . and I see all that car sit there in the lot . and I think , why be I ' New York 's honest car dealer ? 's so I get the guy who inspect the floorplanning for the car company and we work it out . he have pretend I have more car on the lot than I really do , and I have send he on vacation all around the world . I also let my manager know that I would not be check they work as closely as I have in the past , freed they up to work whatever they want . and again . nobody seem to notice . for year . nancy and the whole time you know that you heart could blow at any second , so you would not have to pay the price . why do not you go get the test to find out for sure ? ( continued ) continued : 111 . ( 4 ) BEN I be go to give some doctor that kind of power over I , to tell I the where , when and how ? no way . you know how it be at we age . the best thing a doctor say be : ' the survival rate be high . 's or , ' it 's a good cancer . 's or , ‘we get it early . 's I decide I do not want to hear any of it . and TI certainly be not go to let they put I on a bunch of beta blocker and other crap to slow I down , level I out . I be go to live , on my own term , right up until the fuck thing in my chest explode . nancy and the screwing around and the steal , it all make you feel alive , like you be cheating death , do not it . BEN worked for a while . nancy well you can not cheat it , benny . no one can . it 's gonna get you no matter how many nineteen year old you talk into you bed . BEN I know that now . I really do know . nancy well , I be go to share this result with you . since I have the information , you need the information . Nancy take a manilla envelope from she bag . nancy the cardiologist at mass General say you have the heart of a forty - year - old . no calcium deposit . no blockage . BEN none ? but the ekg ... ( continued ) continued : 112 . ( 5 ) nancy the ekg be inconclusive . that 's why Steinberg order the test . the scan 's in that envelope . with the report . Nancy hand the envelope to Ben . nancy all else be equal , you be go to be around for year and year . you better figure out how you want to live they . Ben set the envelope down on he lap , unopen . nancy I think a lot about how I want to live drive here , and what I come up with be : with the guy I meet on this bench . the guy who give I my daughter . but I do not know if that guy still exist . if he do not , I have to move on , for good . because I know this ride be not mean to be take alone . BEN why would you give I that shot ? nancy for the same reason I choose you when we be here . you be not like everyone else . you be smarter . you work harder . you be not some rich kid full of shit and you father 's wing tip shoe . and you be kind . BEN but it be a lie . in the end , I be just as bad as all of they . nancy no . you just stop believe you be different . Ben listen hard , move . BEN I hurt you . and Susan . I be sorry . they look at each other . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 6 ) nancy I be park right over there . happy to drive you back to New York if you be ready . happy to let you sleep on we couch while we figure it all out . and as you know , it 's a damn comfortable couch . Nancy smile . Ben return the warmth . BEN I know that 's why you keep it . nancy hey -- that couch be all I be offer for now . BEN understood . Nancy stand . nancy take a minute . read that result . think about what you really want . she walk away , get into she car , which be park at the edge of the quad . Ben take the heart scan result out of the envelope , read they . he look up . see Nancy in she car . smile at she . leans forward to get up . and then he notice , crossing right by he , a beautiful young girl . his eye follow she as she approach the campus bookstore . Ben look back to Nancy . look back to the girl . look back to Nancy . back to the girl . and then , after one more moment 's think , he stand . we ... CUT to black