solomon kane by Michael J. bassett base on the character ' Solomon kane ' , created by Robert E. Howard title : NORTH africa . 1575 fade up on : ext . NORTH african coastal town - night a brilliant night sky . cloudless and pure with a dazzle array of star . burning ember drift upwards follow by tongue of FIRE reach into the blackness . then the SOUND of ferocious combat rise . sword clash , pistol roaring along with the cry of the die . the star and ember be suddenly replace by the face of a fierce warrior . he scream a ferocious challenge . there 's murder in he eye as ... ... he raise a vicious scimitar , it catch the light of the fire nearby and he ... have a hole blown through he head . as the victim collapse out of frame we see the killer still hold he two smoking matchlock pistol - this be solomon kane , swordsman , Naval Captain , mercenary , buccaneer and servant of the Queen of England . he turn to the men follow he . kane no mercy to heathen ! Advance ! ! he smoothly holster he pistol and unsheathes he two signature sword - a cutlass and a rapier . he deflect a flurry of attack from he enemy and cut they down without a think . it be obvious he be a martial expert with this weapon as he drive forward . solomon kane be in he early thirty but it 's hard tell through the history of violence and adventure which have weathered he face . he 's masculine but wolf slim with long dark hair tie back , intense , predatory eye and pale skin now spatter in the blood of he victim . he 's dress in ornate , expensive clothes where , somewhere beneath all the finery be the uniform of a Captain in the queen navy . with the trim and excess of he own choose he look unique and exotic - a murderous dandy . kane hack at another of the city 's defender . sidestep yet another sweeping scimitar and deliver death with every thrust of he rapier . he be unstoppable . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 2 at he back kane 's own platoon of marine follow . equally relentless and bloodthirsty as they commander be a wedge of pikemen , archer and swordsmen drive further and further into the city 's defence . further behind still , be the sea port where they enter this glitter , exotic and magical city where a english naval tall ship be moor . the harbour and much of the CITY by the shore be burning fiercely . the path of destruction and fire be like a wake leave behind by kane 's advance . the whole city seem to be in a panic . woman and child scream in fear , men rush to defend they home , native warrior launching attack on kane 's soldier but nothing seem to be able to stop they . one of kane 's own men rush past he , flee from a mob of the city 's defender . kane pull a pistol , take aim ... he shoot he own man in the back . the man crash to the ground , scream as a dozen scimitar blade hack he to piece . kane ( under he breath ) faithless coward . kane , sweat and blood-spatter , dash forward , eye gleam . kane on-me man ! see ; there 's we goal ! perched on the cliff overlook the city be a castle of black obsidian . almost organic in its line and architecture it sit impassive ; a careless guardian of the burn city beneath . a handful of he man make it to he side . Fighting all the way . one , lieutenant malthus , at kane 's shoulder . malthus Captain , what about the prisoner we be suppose to rescue ? kane malthus ; you take care of that . malthus what be you go to do Captain ? kane grin like a wolf . kane I have a different prize in mind . Cooper ! cooper , a great brute of a man fight he way towards kane . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 3 kane send half the man with malthus . cooper and the rest ? kane see that black tower ahead ? cooper aye . kane it 's the one the slave girl tell we about . cooper you do not believe she Solomon ? she would have say anything to save herself . there 's no fortune to be have . kane perhaps but I 'il be long dead before I pass up a chance like this . malthus be that the real reason we come to this barbarian place Captain ; just to line you pocket further ? kane laugh even as they both stop to fight off a fresh wave of attacker . kane you have no ambition malthus ; that 's you principal fail . malthus at least I know the difference between good and evil . kane which be why you will never have the rich or power that I have . now follow you order ! CUT to : int . obsidian castle - night . moment later dozen of defending castle guard be slamm the heavy main door and barricade they . holding the wooden bar in place as ... Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 4 more and more soldier push in to defend . all marshall by the inner door of the obsidian castle , they be heavily armed , discipline and eager for a fight but suddenly that door smash inward with a huge explosion of fire and gunpowder that tear the heavy door off there hinges . the soldier be blown apart . the lucky one be flung aside by the blast as a vortex of flame howl down the hallway - tapestry , artwork and people all engulf in the inferno . the guard lie dead or die . a wall of flame burn in the doorway . a figure walk through the flame , lead a dozen men . he move like a wolf , focuss and deadly . Long hair fly , black cloak whipped by the hot air and intense dark eye scan the dead . this be solomon kane . kane stop before one of the cower guard and level he pistol at the man . kane where be the throne room ? he repeat the line in the native language , aggressive , commanding . the man shield he face and point , indicate the direction and spitting out instruction . kane take in the information and then shoot the man , point blank . kane ( to he man ) this way ! as kane lead he dozen men further into the castle , he shoot and stab every last one of the defender . kane slaughter every survivor . no one be spare . int . obsidian castle . gallery of mirror - cont kane and he men pass through inner door and advance cautiously into the heart of the castle . there 's no further resistance now but no one be lowering they guard . they enter a huge room fill with column between which hang vast black mirror . there be strange symbol etched into the surface - magical and ornate , rich in meaning . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 5 cooper what be this place ? soldier # 1 we should not be here . can not you feel it ? one of the soldier 's turn sharply . soldier # 2 there 's something in here with we . kane ( hiss to he man ) quiet ! keep move . the other soldier look around nervously but there 's nowhere for anything to hide . kane study he own reflection as he pass a mirror . in the surface he see something behind he . he whirl round to confront he enemy but there be nothing there apart from a infinity of he own image catch between mirror on the opposite wall . a little unnerve he advance . his man follow . as the last few man begin to move on again dark figure suddenly reach out from within the mirror . black skeletal arm embrace kane 's men . with muffle scream half of the soldier vanish , drag back through the now liquid glass by the demon within . the door of the corridor slam shut behind the other . the remain man start to panic . sword and pistol at the ready but no enemy in sight . one see he companion fall backwards into the darkness of the mirror ... soldier Captain ...! kane hold steady . soldier there be devilry , I know it . kane grab the man , snarling . kane I be the only devil here . now move ! now the door ahead of they swing OPEN . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 6 a invitation to advance into ... int . throne room - cont kane stride eagerly across the threshold into the throne room . a cavernous , ornate space fill with grotesque statue of twisted figure catch in helpless agony . kane this be it lad . we have find it . he turn to he man - just as the throne room door slam shut behind he , cut he off from he companion . he try to tear the heavy door open but they will not move . there be no handle , no way to escape . he can hear scream from beyond the door . a few brief moment of terror , one or two gunshot and cry of pain and then nothing but silence . he turn back to the throne room and look about he . Little light filter through the stain glass window but just enough to illuminate ... ... the treasure pile around a vast , high - back , black throne on a raise dais ahead . vast wealth laid casually about in glitter mound . unafraid kane step further into the throne room . it seem desert but he be ready with he weapon . kane show yourself ! or shall I take you treasure unoppose ? still nothing . kane move slowly forward . he reach down to pick up some of the treasure then notice the corpse of the king lie beside he throne . kane be suddenly unsure . he whirl around to confront a sound but there be no one there . kane show yourself !! you should ... he stop in mid sentence , unnerve , as the shadow around the room seem to move and twist before he . the air in the room freeze , he breath billow around he cloud now . a cracking , breaking SOUND echoe around the room as ice tendril begin to snake across the floor , towards the throne . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 7 finger of smoke and shadow twist a whirl on the throne as little by little a shape appear . a figure seemingly clothed in black shadow that shift and change around he . it must be a man but it be so hard to see beyond the darkness that envelope he . for fleeting , heart -stopp moment , the darkness take form - something awful and corrupt - before become hazy and indistinct once again . then the figure speak . the voice seem to be come from the very air itself . powerful , resonant , insidious and beguile . this be the Devil 's reaper . reaper Solomon kane . soldier , pirate thief , warrior ... murderer . kane hold he ground but know he 's in trouble . kane you think I have not meet sorcerer in my travel ? I have no fear of you . a subsonic rumble fill the room . kane say he have no fear but he 's grow nervous now . reaper I be no mere sorcerer kane . you know I . you know my master . he be you master too . kane I have no master save the Queen . I ama ... reaper no ! it be a shatter sound . the power drive kane to he knee . a darkness swallow the room for a moment and when it pass , there be low moan of pain come from all around the throne room . kane see in the gloomy half - light figure hanging from the wall . his men , crucified , flayed , impale all around . the reaper rise and slowly advance on kane . he move with a savage , predatory grace . beautiful and menace . reaper you time be over kane . you deal be do . I have be send to claim his prize . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 8 kane I make no deal . reaper when you kill you first innocent in greed and lust ; you make you pact with him . kane struggle to he foot again . kane I be a soldier . I kill only ... reaper no ! once more the sound be like a hammer blow , knock kane to he hand and knee . reaper you be a butcher ! revelling in the fear and torment you bring with you ! kane ( quietly ) no ... reaper ( cont ) and be you not reward ? with power ? with wealth ? with fame ? everything you desire . as the spectre finally stand over he , kane look up and stare into the abyss of the shadow 's face ; there be burn eye deep within , a ghastly predatory face that shift and twist with each word . reaper you know who I serve ? kane try to catch he breath . his world be spin as he realise just what he be face . kane you ... you can not take my soul . reaper you have already lose it . bow you head before I ! kane see now , in the demon 's hand , a sword . a blade of seethe molten metal . rune and pattern flow across its surface . reaper you be damned . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 9 defeat , kane do , slowly , bow he head . the reaper raise the sword above he , prepare to strike the death blow . it sweep down with incredible force only to be meet by ... ... kane 's two sword blocking its path . kane rise to he foot . teeth gritt , eye blaze . kane tell you master I will not be go to Hell . even in the face of this pure evil kane will not be defeat . he stare into the abyss once more ; unflinch though still full of fear now . kane the Lord protect I . kane pary another sweeping thrust but the burn blade slice through he rapier . reaper fool ! he do not want you . you be damned . kane block a return thrust which destroy he cutlass . unarm now , kane slowly back away as the reaper advance on he again . there 's nowhere for he to go ... reaper on you knee ! kane never ! I will never give myself to you ! kane charge at the huge stained glass window and smashes through a image of demon and angel , lock in eternal conflict . the glass shatter , revealing the burn city and the night sky beyond but nothing below apart from the sea crash onto jag rock hundred of foot beneath . with a desolate cry , kane plummet down into the void with the word of the Devil ringing in he ear . reaper you can not escape we . wherever you go , we will find you ... you soul be lose . fade to black : Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 19 a terrible scream against the blackness . title : solomon kane fade up on : ext . monastery - dawn a isolated grey stone monastery on a windswept hillside . the first pale splashes of a chill , silver dawn bring little hope for the day to come . int . monastery corridor - cont . dawn two monk in they heavy hood robe carry a tray of water and bread along the cloister of a open courtyard . they breath steam around they . other monk go silently about they business . young monk how long have he be here ? older monk nearly a year . young monk a year ? master , I do not understand why we serve this man . older monk we do not serve he . he seek sanctuary here and that be what we offer . be you , a novice , to judge he ? they stop outside a door . young monk I hear he scream in the night . older monk we all do . you might scream too if you have see what he have . young monk ( awed ) then what they say about he be true . the older monk cast a wither eye on the novice . older monk what do they say Thomas ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett a a nervous pause . the young monk be not sure he should even say this out loud . young monk that ... he meet ... that ... Satan himself come for he soul but he would not relinquish it . that he body be mark with rune and spell to keep he from the sight of the Dark one . older monk a lesser man would be out of he mind by now but kane ... he be unlike any other . the older monk knock on kane 's door . int . kane 's monastic cell - cont 8 the knock on kane 's door be follow by a gentle creak as it open slowly . the two monk respectfully enter the gloomy room as kane remain silent but watchful in he cot . older monk Solomon ? a voice come from a dark corner . kane 0/s brother fletcher ; how do the day find you ? older monk as the Lord intend ; cold of bone and stiff of joint . we have a little breakfast for you . kane 0 /s who be this novice ? older monk he join we only a few day ago . kane lever himself to the edge of he bed and into the flicker amber light of a candle . the kane of now be a man of small gesture and quiet , almost diffident talk - the brash , aggressive buccaneer of before have long since vanish . he have age . his hair be longer , a stubbly beard be fleck with grey hair . his eye be haunt . the young novice draw breath sharply as he notice kane 's naked torso . kane 's ' body have be mark with elaborate cut and tattoo . some fresh , other old and scar over - he skin be a text of its own . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 42 the wall of the room itself be cover in similar writing and symbol . rune , hexes , spell and text have be carve or paint onto the wall . there be dozen of book and scroll around the room . Religious and spiritual text lie alongside book on witchcraft and sorcery . young monk ( stunne ) you body ... older monk still you tongue ! ( to kane ) forgive he Solomon , he be young . kane ( to the novice ) do not you know ; I be a mark man ? Thomas can not help but stare . young monk do they really ... protect you from ... abbot 0/ S mind who you name in this holy place , novice ! a shadow fall across the open doorway . they turn to see the abbot . both monk bow they head as the abbot enter the room . abbot leave we . the monk hurry out as the abbot close the door behind they . he be a elderly man ; stern and devout but not unkind . he scrutinize the room , take in the desecration around he . he eye kane silently . abbot once again we hear you cry at matin . kane I do not mean to disturb you prayer . my dream haunt I , even here . abbot you would do well to listen to what they tell you . kane they tell I I be damned . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 13 the abbot examine the book and text on a table . he be not pleased by what he see ; a Bible with scribbling and note over the text . other book , clearly full of magic and pagan spell . abbot and yet you still defile we sacred text . and this other ; such dark work . kane they be just book abbot . abbot if you believe word have no power you would never have corrupt you own flesh so . Men have be burn for less . kane I be no heretic . abbot I know that my son but this be not time of tolerance . if someone be to ever find out that we harbour you there would be ... question . kane climb from the bed and gather he papers together , return they to he wooden chest and close the lid . kane who would know ? I live here in solitude ; I have renounce violence ; give up my power . give my wealth to the church . abbot and we be grateful for all you gift to we . ( about the book ) you do not need this witchcraft to hide from evil ; God protect he own . kane but I be not one of God 's own be I ? but how can I redeeme myself in his eye , when I know the servant of darkness be search for I ? kane fall silent . the abbot sit . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 14 abbot Solomon , this month you have be here , I have feel a shadow grow over we all . and when I pray for guidance I ( a beat ) I do not see a way for you to remain . ( a long pause ) you must leave we . kane leave ? no. abbot I be sorry . kane please abbot , this be sanctuary . but kane see the resolve in the abbot 's face . kane where can I go ? abbot go home . kane no . abbot you be of noble birth ; I know you have land in the west . kane no . abbot Solomon I ... kane I can not return home . abbot nor can you remain . CUT to : ext . monastery gate - day High wind sweep rain horizontally against the stone wall of the monastery as the gate OPEN . 10 14 12 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 418 kane be stand there . Long staff in he hand , hat pull low and heavy wool cloak wrap about he . just a few bag of he personal possession be sling over he shoulder . several monk be by the gate . one of they hand he a small parcel of food . they watch silently and cross themselves as he step over the threshold and into the unknown . int . monastery - cont 10 watch from a high window , the abbot and the older monk see kane set out . older monk be you do right by send he back into the world ? abbot my dream say he must be send from here . I listen to what I be tell . the abbot watch kane stride away . older monk can kane bring anything but destruction and pain ? abbot perhaps that be what be need in this darken time . he want redemption for he sin ; there be many path to God , not all of they peaceful . mix to : ext . countryside - day 11 kane make he way across the lonely hill and valley of this desolate part of the country . ext . countryside . hamlet - later . day 12 in drive rain , kane pass by a tiny group of nearly derelict house . a mother wail in distress as the father dig grave for several dead child wrap in cloth at they foot . the mother watch kane pass with dead eye . mix to : 13 14 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 16 ext . moorland - later . day 13 the drive rain have ease . the landscape clothed in dank fog . it fill the hollow and cling to the rock . the cold settles into kane 's bone as he make he way across open ground . from behind he , he hear the SOUND of a wagon rattling towards he . he turn to see it emerge like a vast ghost through the fog . it 's a family drive they cover wagon . kane step out of they way to allow they to pass . the driver nod and slow he wagon . a young boy look at kane from the back of the wagon . driver can we offer you a ride pilgrim ? this road ahead should not be travel alone . kane my thanks friend but no . driver as you wish . God be with you . the driver urge he horse onwards and soon he and he family be swallow in the mist once again . kane heft he bag and settles into he stride , down the path . up ahead the fog suddenly seem to darken as the tree line of a forest come into view . mix to : ext . woodland path - later 14 thicker fog in this tree now . the damp drip from the branch and the cold cling to kane 's woollen cape . the tree seem to press in on he . a flock of bird take flight noisily set he on edge . he come to a fork in the path and stop to consider . a creak in the tree lead he to look up and see four human corpse swing from several branch in the tree . all hang by noose , some with they innard drawn out . kane choose a path and press on . CUT to : 15 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett a7 ext . woodland path - later . day 15 still in the depth of the ancient forest , kane have set himself a small camp to the side of the track . a tiny fire be flicker , heating water as he chew some bread . a movement among the tree draw he attention , he sit up , attentively but see nothing . then from behind he , a knife be pressed to he throat . voice 0 /s move and you die . kane be force to he foot by a heavy - set , skinhead thief who whistle to he two companion who be lurking in the undergrowth . one be heavily tattooed whilst the other be massively build with a heavy , braid beard . they be a feral and dangerous group and enjoy they brutal work . kane I want no trouble . beard smashes kane in the stomach with a heavy cudgel . kane double and fall to the ground , cough . beard too bad . you have already get it . they begin to search through he bag . there 's almost nothing of interest or value . beard empty kane 's bag of scroll and book . the few coin , some food and other item be take . the thief be not happy . beard he 's get nothing . you a priest ? kane a traveller . beard travel where ? kane nowhere . just take what you want . beard do not worry pilgrim , we will . kane keep he head down . tattoo stare at the scroll . tattoo look at this . I say he 's a sorcerer , see here ; this be magical symbol . 16 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 18 tattoo grab kane by the hair and drag he to the fire . tattoo should we burn you for a witch ? tattoo 's companion cheer he on as he push kane 's face near to the flame . kane do not fight but resist and no matter how hard tattoo push he cannot make kane move . finally kane yank he head free and stare hard into tattoo 's eye . the thief flinch from the deadly look tattoo there 's murder in you eye traveller . would you kill I ? kane no . tattoo you will not kill the man who steal from you ? kane I will not fight another man . skinhead slap kane , send he reeling back . kane slowly climb to he foot . the robber laugh . skinhead you worthless coward . fight I . kane I will not fight you . I have renounce violence . beard we have not . beard smashes kane across the head with he wooden cudgel . CUT to black : stern voice v/o you will do as I say boy ! through the darkness stern man 's face swim into view through the smoke and mist of kane 's memory . he loom down onto kane . this be he father ... int . axmouth castle . great hall - day 16 fourteen year old solomon kane be stand defiantly before he father 's high chair at the head of the great Hall of he castle home . various servant and hanger - on mill about but they be try to avoid the conflict that be raging between father and son . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 19 kane no ! kanea father you be the second son and Marcus be my heir . you brother will be master of this land on my death . kane Marcus be a brute and ... kanea father ( talk he down ) ... and you , you will join the church as be tradition . kane I do not wish to be a priest ; I want to go to sea . kanea father what you want be of no importance Solomon ! I have arrange with Father simnal for you to accompany he to the abbey . at he father 's signal , father simnal who have be sit nearby , step up and nod politely to kane . kane I have no interest in the church or its teaching . I will not go . kanea father then you will have nothing . I will cut you off . you will be a landless vagrant . be that what you want ? kane turn from he father and storm out . kanea father if you walk out now , you may never return . do not defy I . his Father 's word be ringing in young kane 's ear as he fling back the door to the great hall . and there , suddenly , loom before he be the devil 's reaper - burning sword in hand . the demon swing the blade and cut kane down even as kane scream out in pain and fear ... CUT to : 17 18 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 20 int . cover wagon - day 17 kane wake with a sudden cry to find a young woman lean over he , concerned . talk gently , soothing ... meredith be calm ... be calm Sir . you be safe . ( call off ) Father ! kane try to speak but he 's delirious and confuse . his face be bloody and swollen ; he body bruise and stiff . meredith here ... take a little water . but kane fade back into unconsciousness again . fade to black . meredith v/o you be safe here . ext . sea cliff - day 18 beneath a threaten sky and with the impose grandeur of axmouth castle in the distance young kane wander the windswept sea cliff away from he home . he have he travel bag sling over he shoulder , clearly ready for the road . the open ocean sweep out in front to the distant horizon . a few tall ship of the navy cruise past . Solomon watch they , envious as distant shout from the crew drift to he . then he hear a sudden , sharp scream from nearby . he drop he bag and rush round a corner to see a very tall , powerful young man overpower a pretty young girl . he 's tear at she clothes , clearly try to rape she kane draw a short knife from he belt and rush forward grab the youth and pull he back ... kane stop ! ... , only to halt , stunne , when the older youth turn on he . kane Marcus ... Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 2a marcus ( mock ) Little brother . I hear you have run away . fleeing the life of a holy man . kane Marcus , you must not do this . ( to the girl ) Sarah , be you hurt ? sarah Solomon he be try to ... Marcus slap the girl to silence . marcus quiet ! I give you no permission to speak . ( to kane ) this be not you concern , Solomon . be on you way . kane advance on Marcus and pull Sarah from he grasp . kane no ! let she go . Sarah , run . go now ! Sarah race away . kane square up to he brother . Marcus be immense in stature , far taller and more powerfully build than he whip - thin young brother marcus you should not get between a master and he pleasure . kane be that how it 's go to be when you be Lord here ; nothing but greed and cruelty ? marcus ( about kane 's knife ) what be you go to do with that little toothpick ? kane teach you some humility to accompany you power . marcus I do not think you be the one to teach I anything little brother Marcus , suddenly , grab kane 's arm , twist it hard and snatch the knife from he . 19 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 22 he press it to he kane 's throat , draw a little blood . whisper savagely in he brother 's ear . marcus I be the first - bear ; I be the heir and that mean I be you master too . you will never be anything more than a coward , flee you duty . take you bag and leave this land . Marcus push kane away . in fury , kane turn and shove he brother back towards the cliff edge . caught by surprise Marcus stumble back and trip ona rock ... ... with a cry he topples backward , over the edge of the cliff . kane desperately reach for Marcus 's flail hand but can not save he . marcus brother !!! save I ! he fall ... kane scramble to the edge only to see , fifty foot below , the shatter body of he brother , still twitching , on the rock below . his head have be crush in , he jaw partly tear away . all kane can see through the mask of blood on he brother 's destroy face be he eye , stare , furiously back at he . CUT to : int . cover wagon - day 19 this time kane wake in slow silence . no scream , just mute sadness and pain as he open he bleary eye onto the wagon . a twelve year old boy , SAMUEL , be look through some bag nearby . he be work silently and do not notice kane be awake and watch he . kane Boy ... Samuel turn and yell in fear and scramble out of the wagon . SAMUEL 0 /s ( yell ) he 's awake ! Father ! that man he 's awake ! 20 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 23 kane try to right himself but have not the energy . he groan in pain . the flap of the wagon cover be draw back . face be silhouett against the daylight that pour in . int . cover wagon - moment later 20 the young woman , meredith , be hold kane 's head as she put a flask to he lip . he drink . finally find he voice . kane ( faintly ) who ... be you ? the man by meredith 's side be william crowthorn . in he 5us , he have a air solemn kindness and gentle good humour about he . he 's dress in the simple , dark clothes of a puritan , as be all he family . meredith mop kane 's brow . meredith ( to she father ) he be still fevere Father . william it have break . he will be well . ( to kane ) Sir , my name be William crowthorn . this be my daughter meredith . and you meet , quite briefly , my son Samuel . my eldest , Edward , be drive this wagon and my wife Katherine be outside also . Samuel peer in nervously from outside . kane where be you take I ? william we pray for you . meredith have nurse you this past day . all of we have spend time at you side . kane try to rise again . he 's wounded and weak but fight . kane where be you take I ? 21 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 24 william there be many evil on this road but we be not among they . you be safe and on the road head west to plymouth . kane plymouth ? meredith we be bound for the New World . kane study the man for a moment kane I know you . you offer I a ride . william I do . kane I should have accept . william true enough . you take quite some beat but in a few day , the Lord willing , you will be fit once more . ( call out ) Edward , pull over now . we 'il make camp for the night . CUT to : ext . riverside camp - sunset 21 the cover cart be drive by edward , William 's eldest son and a serious young man in he mid 2us . though all the family be dress as puritans , only Edward wear the dog - collar and garb of a priest . beside he on the bench be William 's wife , katherine ; a bright and homely woman in she 5us . SAMUEL be walk besides the cart , swatting the long grass with a stick . edward guide the cart to some open ground beside a crystal clear river . it be a idyllic spot in a picturesque valley . CUT to : 22 23 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 28 ext . riverside camp - evening 22 meredith and katherine be gather together cooking utensil and food stuff for the evening meal . william and edward be prepare a cover area for sleep by the wagon . Young SAMUEL be explore nearby . katherine do not stray too far Samuel . edward Samuel ; water the horse . ( Samuel ignore he ) Samuel ! william Samuel ! Edward have give you a task ; set to it . reluctantly and mutter , Samuel unhitch the horse and lead they to the river kane step out of the wagon , still a little unsteady . Katherine be surprised to see he . katherine master kane , you should be rest . kane I can hardly repay you hospitality by be idle mistress crowthorn . allow I a moment to wash and then I 'il help as I can . Katherine watch as kane limp down towards the water 's edge . CUT to : ext . riverside - evening . a little later 23 kane kneel beside the water . some way along from he SAMUEL supervise the horse as they drink . he eye kane nervously . kane what be you name boy ? Samuel do not reply . kane do not fear I . what be you name ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 26 meredith come to the river , she stop nearby kane and begin to fill a water-skin . kane you little brother have lose he tongue I think . meredith remember you manners with we guest Samuel . kane pull he tear and blood-stain shirt off to reveal he bruise body - along with the tattoo and scar . meredith be shocked by what she see . kane notice . Samuel too be astound by the mark and pattern on kane 's body . meredith how ... what be they ? kane this ? they be the story of my life . see ? meredith come a little nearer , fascinate . kane some be of my own make ; this mark and symbol here . meredith what do they mean ? kane they be for ... protection . other , here , be wound . meredith how be you hurt ? kane point to a deep scar on he shoulder . kane I have be shot , stab and beat more time than I recall . this here , be a spear thrust by a tribesman of Africa . meredith Africa ? you be at sea ? kane I be a Captain . Samuel suddenly come alive with interest . 24 25 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett be SAMUEL you be a sea Captain !? CUT to : ext . campfire area - night 24 kane sit with the rest of the family around the camp fire , they head be bow in prayer as edward read from a prayer book . edward Holy Lord , I have sin time without number , and be guilty of pride and unbelief ... kane lift he head at this pointedly accurate word and look at the family catch in the flicker firelight . he catch meredith look too but , embarrassed , she quickly close she eye again . edward ( cont ) ...of failure to find thy mind in thy Word , of neglect to seek thee in my daily life .... CUT to : ext . campfire area - night . later 25 they be all eat hungrily now . the simple stew have be well receive . kane this be a fine meal mistress crowthorn ; my thanks . william my Katherine can make a meal from anything . leather shoe and nettle one time be not it ? katherine it be not ! SAMUEL it taste like it . the family laugh at this . katherine Samuel tell we you be the Captain of a ship . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 28 kane I command the Queen 's frigate , tiercel . william do you fight the Spanish ? kane I have fight everyone at some time . off the Main , the Caribbean , the freeze north ; place not on any map . edward the Holy land ? kane yes Edward ; I fight the Muslims beneath the wall of Jerusalem itself . meredith what a life you have lead . it must have be so exciting . edward you think a life devote to violence and bloodsh be so admirable ? meredith do not be foolish Edward . william I fight in we own holy war under King Henry many year ago . the take of man 's life be hard no matter what they faith , do not you agree Solomon ? kane choose he word carefully . kane for many , yes . but I confess William , I have a particular gift for it . I be never more at home than in battle . edward then how do you allow that robber to beat you so badly ? meredith Edward that be rude . 26 kane appear from out of the shadow fumble ineffectually for a cudgel . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 29 kane but it be a good question . Edward , I have swear a oath never to harm another man . I will not fight . SAMUEL not at all ? kane not at all . SAMUEL but what if you meet more bad man ? kane if the Lord see fit to put they in my way then that be as it must be . william remember Samuel , it be the Lord who also see fit to put we in Captain kane 's path . katherine nothing happen without a reason : there be a plan for we all . ext . camp - night kane I be a friend . william ( laugh at himself ) I have be of little use if you be not , my fight day be long go . could you not sleep ? kane my dream often disturb I . ( a beat ) ( more ) CUT to : 26 a bright moon shine over the valley . all seem peaceful as the camp slumber . william be on watch by the die fire . he 's look at a map and smoking a pipe . startling William who Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 30 kane ( cont would ) I have be happy to take watch while you rest , William . william no , it be my task alone to watch over my family . but you be welcome to sit with I . kane settles beside William . they sit for a time , enjoy the flicker warmth of the nearby fire . kane you be bless to have such a family . william I know . see ? Williams take a locket from he neck and open it for kane to see . Inside be portrait of katherine and meredith . william the two most beautiful woman in this world . my family be everything to I . do you have kin ? kane I have a brother ... but that be a lifetime ago . william I have lose love one ; to plague , to persecution and bigotry . Edward , lose he wife and child . William fall silent in contemplation . kane so you sail for America . william we do . it be a new start in a New World . I sell every possession we have to pay for this passage . you might consider journey with we . kane fall into silence for a moment . kane William let I be honest , so you know who you have take in ; I do not lie when I say kill be my great gift , above all other . ( more ) 27 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett a kane ( cont would ) my cruelty and murderous nature be fame . I be - I be - a evil man . William study kane for a moment and think about this . william we have all sin because we be all human . kane but my soul be damned . Satan 's creature will take I should I stray from the path of peace . ( a beat ) I will understand if I be no longer welcome here . william you be welcome Solomon . ( lighten the tone ) if only because I need a better navigator than myself to read this fool map . I could be lead we to Portsmouth not plymouth for all I know . here , take a look ... mix to : ext . country side . wagon . travelling - day 27 the family make they way along a dirt track , the wagon bounce around as it hit rut and pothole . kane - he bruise face far less noticeable now - walk at the head with the horse . edward , as usual , be drive the cart . meredith sit at he side sewing some material . meredith Captain kane . kane drop back to see she . she hand trouser . kane miss meredith ; how can I be of service ? meredith I make some clothes for you as you other be so tear . he down a dark puritan tunic , shirt and kane be touch by this . kane I shall wear they with pride . 28 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 32 SAMUEL be thrashing at the undergrowth nearby with a stick startling the horse a little . edward hold off on that wanton destruction Samuel . Samuel give Edward a point stare and carry on . meredith do as Edward say Samuel . SAMUEL why ? he 's not Father . I do not have to do what he say . meredith Samuel ! kane you know , you should listen to you elder brother Sam . Samuel halt he whipping . kane nod approvingly at the boy , much to Samuel 's delight . CUT to : ext . roadway - later . day 28 SAMUEL walk beside kane now , match he easy stride . william and katherine be up ahead , walk hand in hand . kane finish pull on the clothes meredith make . he be dress in they own puritan fashion now and model it for meredith who be pick herb and flower nearby . kane do I meet with you approval ? meredith finally you be respectable . he bow to she . she giggle . Edward be less than impressed . edward we clothes be not for fashion or vanity Captain kane ; through they we show we dedication to God . with a courteous nod , kane acknowledge he understanding of this fact . though he do share a quick smile with meredith - who can barely hold back a giggle - as they walk on . 29 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 33 ext . roadway - later 29 Samuel still keep pace with kane . SAMUEL be you go to come America with we ? kane I do not think so Samuel . SAMUEL why not ? kane you be hope to make a new life ; I need to undo my old one . SAMUEL that man who hurt you , you could have beat they if you want , could not you ? kane ( quietly ) there be a time I have have cut they still - beat heart from they chest . Samuel be a little take aback by this statement . he take a moment to regroup then shrug it off and dance around kane hold he stick like a sword . SAMUEL would you fight I ? kane ( laugh ) if you continue with you question I might . edward leave Captain kane alone . Samuel poke kane with he stick . SAMUEL do not tell I what to do Edward . ( to kane ) fight I . poke kane again . kane I have no cause to fight you . 30 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 34 Samuel make a sudden dash to grab meredith . she scream half annoyed , half playful . meredith Samuel , stop it ! SAMUEL now you have a reason ! to save this beautiful maiden from I ! meredith ( play along ) oh Solomon ! save I ! help ! edward stop , you 'il scare the horse . join into the spirit of it all kane swipe up a stick from the side of the road . jokingly he parry Samuel 's thrust . SAMUEL I know it . I know you would fight if you have to . meredith laugh and even Edward manage a gentle smile at this . kane you be quite a foe Samuel but I 'il fight to save this beauty . william and katherine watch contentedly . then the wagon come around a corner to a village to find ... ... body lie twisted in the middle of the road . the tiny village beyond be in ruins - many of the house still burn , other just blacken frame . ext . destroyed village - moment later 30 kane , william and edward be look at dozen of corpse scattered around the village . crow line the tree nearby , wait to move in . the air of death and menace hang heavy . a little way back meredith , katherine and SAMUEL wait uneasily . edward who could have do this ? kane study the body . Men , woman and child be twisted in agonize form . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 38 some seem to have be burn , skin peel away . all there eye be burned from there skull , leave hollow , empty socket . william the Devil have be here . Edward drop to he knee and start to pray . edward Holy Father ... Katherine , meredith and Samuel press near kane keep back ! kane look around . kane not the Devil .... a witch . there be a pyre in the centre of the village square with a stake in the centre . it have be partly consume by flame . kane there be a witch burn here but the creature break free . William turn over a horribly disfigure body . it be a man dress in the classic dark clothes of a witchfinder , the char remnant of a bible be in he hand . william dear Lord , this be the witchfinder general . if he be dead ... kane we must go . edward we can not just leave this people for carrion . kane there 's nothing we can do for they . kane hold William 's steady gaze . william we must bury they as Christians . CUT to : 31 32 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 36 ext . village - later 31 kane , sweat and filthy , be finish digging a shallow grave as edward and william lower a body into another nearby . there be a handful of other grave dot about each with a wooden cross mark it . katherine be make the wooden cross nearby . SAMUEL watch uneasily from the wagon in the distance whilst everyone else be involved in the unsavory task . kane eye the set sun nervously . meredith approach over the rough ground and offer he a cup of water . he drink thirstily . kane thank you . she look at he for a moment and he catch she gaze . meredith you ... you wound be heal well . kane I never thank you for you care . meredith there be no need to thank I . now both stand amongst the grave , unsure what to say next . katherine 0 / S I need more wood for this cross . CUT to : ext . village - moment later 32 meredith be at the edge of the village square now , gather up piece of wood for the cross . as she reach for some , she notice two body nearby . the body of a woman twitches with some slight movement . meredith make to shout out to she brother and father who be carry another corpse to the grave some yard away but then the body move again . she approach the corpse . inch by inch reach out a hand to turn the corpse over ... 33 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 37 ... a@ young girl , no more than 8 year old , be cling to the body of she mother . this blood stain and rag child stare up at meredith with terrify eye and unleash a terrified scream that echoe across the whole village .... CUT to : ext . camp - evening 33 the child sit between meredith and katherine , wrap in a blanket and drink some warm broth . the rest of the family be sit around the FIRE . kane be a little way off , nervously watch the gather darkness . katherine can you tell we what happen child ? it take a moment for the child to find she voice . when she do it be so soft as to be barely audible but the terrible story be clear enough . girl ( quietly ) the grow - up say there be a witch in the wood . she have be take cattle and child . my brother die . meredith comfort the girl as she draw breath to continue , haltingly ... girl ( cont ) ... they call that man , the witchfinder . he say that the witch and devil be grow more powerful than ever before . that something have happen to give they strength . but still , he trap the witch and sentence she to be burn at the stake . they all come to watch she die in the fire but ... when they set the flame ... it do not hurt she . she laugh and say ... she say that a great sorcerer have open the gate to Hell and that all the devil 's child be free . and then ... then she kill they all . only the crackle of the wood on the fire break the silence now . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 38 edward ( quietly ) we should pray . the family bow they head . kane do not . he watch the girl . girl I be tired . katherine just a moment more . girl ( suddenly angry ) I do not want to ! ( soft again ) I be so tired , please . meredith of course you be , you poor thing . let 's find a place for you to sleep . as meredith help the girl to she foot , kane stalk over . kane Edward , I think the child should have you cross for protection tonight . would you mind ? the child watch kane . edward of course not - here . he hand kane the silver cross from around he own neck kane take it and slowly approach the girl . he kneel before she . kane if you wear this , it will help keep you safe tonight . the girl eye the silver cross as it catch the red firelight . girl I do not want to . meredith it will help . girl no. 34 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 39 kane just let I ... ( reach for she ) ... put it around you neck . girl no ! meredith Solomon , stop it . can not you see she 's frighten ? suddenly kane lunge for she violently . he grab she ... meredith Solomon , no ! ... and press the crucifix into the child 's flesh . instantly the child scream as the metal burn her skin . she start to howl and snarl in kane 's arm . william dear god what have you do ? kane this be she ! this be the witch ! the little girl now have transformed in kane 's arm . a foul , ancient and yet ferocious look creature with a twisted snarling face , sharp tooth and long nail that tear at he . she be so strong he cannot hold she . witch Solomon kane ! Solomon kane ! you master await he pleasure with you . I will be there too , in the pit ! the gate of hell be open for you kane . and suddenly she tear herself from kane 's arm and fly into the AIR and away into the night . they can hear she cackle , scream laughter echo into the distance . mix to : ext . roadway - dawn 34 kane and the family be travel in silence along the rutte back road of southern England . they have clearly be travel all night and be exhaust . as they approach a fork in the dirt road they hear the sound of many voice approach . suddenly , Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 49 a dozen or so peasant appear from around a bend in the road ahead . some be bloody and beat - it be clear they be desperate refugees of some kind . William try to talk to the first few but they pass he without stop . finally a william what be wrong ? tell I ! priest rush by . william tell I what have happen ? be it the witch ? priest a witch ? I wish it be . no , this be raider ... dear God such terrible , cruel man . join they or perish , they say . when we fight back but it be a massacre . dear Lord ... they seem possess of some terrible evil . turn back while you can or they 's 1l have you for they slave ! he push William aside and rush on with the tide of refugee . meredith what will we do ? edward we must turn back . SAMUEL no. william this be the only road to plymouth - how else will we make the ship ? we must go on , find another way . meredith please Father ... william we future be in the New World . kane William , you must not continue . can not you feel it ? there be something evil gather in the west . go back . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett a william there 's nothing for we to go back to . we only way be ahead , to get to the ship . can you help I ? kane take a map from the saddle of one of the horse . he study it for a moment . kane then this road ... ( show the map ) ... it take we south through this forest and we can find a way west again , here . edward how can you be sure ? we should turn back Father . perhaps wait a time . meredith Edward 's right . it 's too dangerous . kane trust I . I can lead you . katherine you can get we through ? kane if it be in my power , I 'il get you to you vessel . CUT to : 35 ext . forest edge - later . day 35 alone now in the empty countryside the wagon pass out of the open landscape and into the forest 36 ext . forest - day 36 deep shadow under the thick canopy . strange noise echo through the tree but there be no sign of life . edward be you sure this be the safest way ? 37 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 42 kane there be no safe way but if this raider be take slave and looting village they 'il hunt in the populate area north of here . we may slip past they unseen . but this forest be not without they danger . be wary . SAMUEL what kind of danger ? katherine Captain kane mean animal and suchlike . now quiet . the cart and horse rattles along slowly . the passenger look nervously about they . they enter a open glade in the forest . before they be some ruins , half overgrown by the forest kane we x11 make camp here . CUT to : ext . forest camp - evening 37 a very subdued group make camp . william be set a fire as SAMUEL gather wood . kane emerge from a forest path nearby . kane I see no sign of life in either direction , we should be safe . but William , set no fire tonight , it might attract unwanted attention . William stop lighting the fire . kane I will take first watch - if that be all right with you William ? william of course . mix to : 38 39 40 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 43 ext . forest camp - night 38 a dark night with the moon cover by heavy cloud . sheet lightning ripple within they , thunder rumble in the distance . but the camp be peaceful . CUT to : int . solomon 's tent - dawn 39 kane snap awake to find SAMUEL 's hand urgently shaking he . the SOUND of rain be loud on the canvas . SAMUEL Solomon . Solomon ... wake up . kane what 's the matter ? SAMUEL I hear something in the tree . immediately kane be up and head out the tent . kane wait here . ext . forest . edge of camp - moment later 40 Dawn mist hang amongst the tree . branch drip water as the rain hammer down through the foliage . kane stalk through the undergrowth until he see movement through the tree on the other side of a small river . a sudden SOUND behind he , make he turn sharply . it 's just SAMUEL , try to keep up . kane urgently wave he away but the young man be determine to be with kane . kane ( hiss ) be silent Samuel , this be no game . together they advance until they see more clearly ... ...@ party of marauder on horseback . they be a grotesque bunch with scar and twisted face . all have a arcane magical insignia on they tear and shred leather and rough chain mail . some even have it brand into they flesh . SAMUEL what be they Solomon ? 41 42 43 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 44 kane they must be the raider we hear of ( hushed , urgent ) listen to I ; go back to the camp , quietly wake they and tell you father we be to move out immediately . go! go! Samuel turn and hurry back the way they come . kane continue he silent advance on the marauder . he see now that they have cage half filled with desperate people . CUT to : ext . edge of camp ground - moment later 41 SAMUEL run as fast as he can back to the camp . he stop dead when he see ... ... there be raider already there . six brutal look man drag william , katherine , edward and meredith from they tent . ext . camp - cont 42 william and edward be already bloody and beat . meredith fight like a wild cat but she be punch and throw to the ground . even in the face of the chaos and violence William be try to keep everyone calm . offer comfort and support to he frighten family as he 's be beat down into the mud . william ( to the attacker ) here , take what you want ; it 's yours . ( reach for meredith ) everything will be all right meredith . Edward do not try and fight they . katherine where 's Samuel ? Samuel ! ext . edge of camp - cont 43 silently SAMUEL back away and right into ... 44 46 47 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 48 ... a raider who step from behind a tree and grab he . CUT to : ext . wood - cont 44 SAMUEL 0/s Solomon ! Solomon ! ! kane , hearing SAMUEL 's cry , turn - and without caring about be see now - race back along the forest path .: ext . wood - cont 46 kane blast through the tree , head back to the camp . branch whip against he , thorns cut , rain pour down ... but he ignore it all . CUT to : ext . puritan camp - cont 47 the raider be destroy the camp . setting fire to possession , take the horse for they own . watch it all be the overlord . he take no part in this activity but sit motionless on a massive black horse . the overlord be a huge figure , encased in leather armour , he face entirely cover by a grotesque mask , huge sword hang at he waist . it 's almost as if he be direct he man silently simply by sheer force of will . meredith be struggle against she captor . she hit he but he throw she to the ground . crouch over she , he tear at she clothes , he intention clear . william and katherine watch in horror . SAMUEL scramble to they . william leave she ! please ... edward , struggle free from he captor and rise to she defence ... edward take you hand off she ! he hit the attacker with all he strength but it make no difference . another raider beat Edward to the ground . kane 0 /s no !! Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 46 the raider turn at this new voice . many hand on the hilt of vicious sword but there be just one man there . kane be stand at the edge of the clear , breathless and desperate . kane stop ! the overlord seem to be watch this newcomer intently . he look to one of this raider , the one with the eye - patch , and nod slowly . eye -patch stride forward , snatching Samuel away from he mother and drag he along as he advance on kane . he take a huge , serrate knife from he belt and press it to the boy 's throat . the overlord watch all this calmly . kane prepare himself as the raider stop a few yard in front of he . kane I be unarm . wiping the rain from he face , kane size up the raider . he 's desperately try to work out how to diffuse the situation . kane this people ... listen to I ; this people , they be good people . Christians . devout people . they be no threat . SAMUEL kill he , Solomon . kill they all . william no Samuel . Solomon do not ... Samuel struggle against he captor . Fighting furiously . the other raider be advance slowly on kane . kane Samuel , do not struggle . he 'il let you go if you do not do anything . ( to Eye - patch ) wo not you ? they have no money . what else can they give you ? ( a sudden think ) you want slave ? take I . I be strong ; better than this people . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett at SAMUEL I know you can do it Solomon . kill he . cut he heart out ! kane Samuel silence ! kane 's eye flick over to the silent , overlord wait nearby . the figure raise he arm and clenches he fist and then suddenly ... ... the eye-patch raider start to shake and jerk as if something be move within he . his single eye , turn as black as congeal blood . the voice that come from eye-patch be a rumbling growl that fill the forest . a little blood dribble from he mouth as he speak . eye-patch kill I , can you ? kane no ... I be a man of peace ; I offer no resistance . take I . do not harm they . eye - patch ( shaking the boy ) this boy ... ... this child have more heart than any of you . he 's the only man here . kane ( placate ) listen to I .... Eye - patch shift he grip on the knife ... kane no ! ... and cut SAMUEL 's throat wide OPEN . the family scream in distress . katherine oh God ! my son ! my son ! meredith Solomon ! stop he ! William moan in agonize distress . william my boy ! oh Samuel ! Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 48 eye-patch look down at SAMUEL 's dead body and laugh . eye-patch this be the only man here . ( to he companion ) take the girl . kill the rest ! meredith be snatch away . other grab Katherine , try to tear she away from William . meredith Solomon ! do something ! help we ! almost in a trance kane take a step towards eye-patch . kane be transform before we eye . the steel be return . the rage ... the power ... eye -patch ( draw he sword ) come no nearer puritan . eye-patch watch he , he black eye burn intensely . kane call to Katherine and William . kane would you have I slaughter this man ?! can that be justice enough ? katherine kill they ! kill they all ! kane ( he turn he head up to heaven , quietly ) be that what you want ? be that all I be to you ; a killer ? eye-patch stand ready for anything now from this strange predatory man as kane focus all he intensity on he . kane if I take you life I be bound for hell . ( a beat ) it be a price I will gladly pay . Eye - patch charge kane , swinging he sword ... ... but as the blade sweep down on kane he dodge to one side , take the brute 's arm and snap it in half . 48 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 49 he yank away the sword , reverse it drive the blade to the hilt into the man 's body , slice upwards and gutting he . no human blood spill from this possess soldier only a sludge of black bile and red sand . kane do not miss a moment to consider the evil at work here . kane turn savagely on the other who be rush towards he now . the masked overlord sit impassively watch it all . the raider have no chance as they attack kane ... for every sword thrust at he he reply with a deadly blow of he own . pistol be fire but bullet go astray . it seem as if kane be ten man , so consume with he murderous rage . his feral howl of combat fill the air some of the raider be more cowardly . they mount they horse and ride for safety . one of they haul meredith onto he mount . edward grab she but the raider take a pistol from he belt and shoot edward in the head . william struggle with another two raider but be cut down and stab by they . katherine rush to he side . kane deliver one kill blow after another . limb be slice , head severe . kane be desperately fight he way towards meredith before she 's take away but he simply can not get through in time . katherine Solomon ! Solomon ! do not let they take she ! but he can not reach she . the overlord wheel he steed about and lead he survive raider away through the tree even as kane race on foot in pursuit . ext . forest path - cont 48 kane dash after they but no matter how swiftly he run the horse vanish into the distance ahead and lose sight of they in the mist and drizzle . 49 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 50 in fury he turn and race back to the forest clear . CUT to : ext . forest camp - moment later 49 in thunderous silence kane stalk through the devastate camp . the body of the raider be all around . he pick through they corpse and clothing , seek information . he tear the insignia from the uniform of a die raider . as the creature draw its last breath it seem to change back into nothing more than a rough looking man . all the bestial element melt away with the rain . kane consider this for a moment and then move on . he step past the body of edward and SAMUEL as walk towards william and katherine . katherine be cradling the die william in she arm . he have be mortally stab , he breath come in short , bloody burst . he look to kane . william get she back . William speak urgently , fight for every breath . kane I will . william swear this oath to I now kane . William grab kane and draw he near . william by you own word you be a butcher and a murderer ; you know how to kill like no man bear . do it . for I , for my family . kill they all . kane my soul ... william this be how you will redeem you soul ; find my child and end this evil . the die man hold kane 's eye with the last fire of he own . 50 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 1 william swear you oath . swear to God almighty and he will protect you soul . do it ! kane look to Katherine ; she want to hear it too . he take William 's hand in he own . kane I swear ; I will find she and I will destroy this evil . William make no show of have hear this ... he be dead . Katherine cradle Williams body as kane gently take the locket from around William 's neck . he check that the picture of meredith be still within and then turn away . as thunder rumble through the forest kane snatch up a few essential - sword , knive , a brace of pistol and powder along with some provision . then he pull a long black puritan cloak about he and don a wide brim black hat . this be solomon kane , the puritan avenger , armed to the tooth and ready for the hunt , in all he glory . he take the rein of a dead raider 's horse , swing himself up and charge away and into the tree . CUT to : int . tree - moment later 50 kane be galloping along the forest path . ducking under branch and jump fall tree . his hat fly off but he make no effort to retrieve it the drive rain make the ground treacherous and visibility poor but still kane push the horse as fast as it can go . up ahead he see the faintest glimpse of the dark rider flee . impossibly he force he steed even faster ... and gain on they . on the rider up ahead : the group of five rider be push they own horse hard . one of they have meredith bundle and cover across he saddle . 51 52 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 82 they leader see kane in the distance and indicate for two rider to split away and deal with he . on kane : the two rider appear parallel to he now ; one on either side . tree whipping past between they . they draw they sword and start to close in . kane wait for they to attack ... then , still at full gallop , kane take he hand off the reign and pull out both pistol from he belt . arm outstretch , he level a gun at each attacker and pull the triggers simultaneously . both rider crash from they horse . without a second glance kane ride on . CUT to : ext . OPEN country - cont 51 the remain rider burst from the forest edge into open , scrubby ground . just the three of they leave now but still push they horse hard . moment later ... kane charge from the tree . Riding like the devil himself and make ground on he quarry . on the raider : know that kane be go to catch they they split up but unerringly he follow the one carry meredith . CUT to : ext . stone circle - moment later 52 the raider , still clutching the girl bundle up across he horse , gallop through the break remain of a stone circle on this open moor . he turn and see kane close the gap second by second . there be no escape now . within the stone circle he wheel he horse to a halt and turn to face kane . the horse be exhaust , foam at the mouth , breath come in great steaming cloud . kane keep come until he 's at the perimeter of the stone . he circle beyond the stone . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 583 kane give I the girl ! give I the girl !! the raider drop the bundle up girl to the ground . she lie there stunne and exhaust . kane dismount and run to she . kane meredith ... ( to the raider ) if she be harme ... he turn she over .... it be not meredith ... ... just a young dark -haired girl . weak and fearful . she recoil from kane . kane grab the raider and drag he down from he horse . kane where be she ?! the raider try to fight but he can do nothing against kane who beat he viciously . raider there ! you have she ! kane it be not she . where be she ? the girl you take from we camp ? meredith !? raider I do not know ! I do not know . perhaps other have she . there be raid party all over . kane draw he knife and press it into the raider 's flesh beneath he eyeball . kane tell I what you know or I will pluck you eye from you skull ; where will they take she !? who be you master ? kane press the knife into he flesh . Black blood trickle down he face . he scream in agony but then the scream become a laugh ... ... the raider suddenly begin to shake and twist . his already scared and feral face contort into a snarl , he eye become black as old blood . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 84 he stare at kane and laugh . a hideous cackle that echoe around the break stone . the raider 's voice change as if he 's suddenly possess by a altogether more malicious spirit . it be a feral growl , fill with malice and though it come from the mouth of the raider it seem to resonate all around they . raider Solomon kane ... you may carve the flesh of this worthless body but it will not tell you what you want to know . I will not let it . blood drip from the raider 's mouth , even as he laugh at kane . the girl watch from she place on the ground nearby , horrify . kane shake the possess raider . kane what in God 's name be you ? raider I be nothing in that God 's name ; I be a servant of the shadow . my master release we from the pit and this human body be enough for we need . then kane see , on the crest of a distant hill , the overlord , watch silently . the bloody raider before he speak . raider do you believe that you salvation lie in save this single girl ? kane I will find she . raider you will fail ; slayer of innocent , murderer killer of you own brother kane I will hunt you down and send you black heart to you master in Hell . raider I have no heart . nor do you . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 55 kane shake the body , smashes he fist into it beat it relentlessly now . raider my master send he greeting from the pit . he be wait for you . the masked Rider on the hill turn away . as he do so , the puppet body of the raider shake and twisted by one final hideous convulsion . blood pour from he mouth , nose and eye and after a single agonize scream it slump forward . and then , little by little , the raider 's face change to that of a normal young man . the black blood become red once again and he lie still . kane rise slowly , unsure as to he plan . then he hear a muffle sob from the girl . he go over to she and gently help she to sit up . kane you be safe child . the beast be go . girl what be that thing ? he wrap she in he own cloak kane it 's just a man again now but there be a demon within he . be you injure ? girl no. ( a beat ) thank you for save I . she climb unsteadily to she foot . kane watch , not sure what to do . kane I be Solomon kane ; what be you name ? girl Elizabeth . kane you should rest now Elizabeth . elizabeth I want to go home . 53 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 56 kane take she gently by the shoulder . kane child , they leave none alive . there will be no home for you to return to . she fall silent and then gently begin to cry . this young woman be really little more than a girl . kane be at a loss know how to comfort she . CUT to : ext . stone circle camp - later 53 kane have set a small camp fire go and be cooking up some simple food over the flame . Elizabeth sit nearby with kane 's cloak around she . elizabeth you risk you life for you love . kane my love ? elizabeth this girl , meredith , that you seek ; you must love she very much . kane no . she be ... I make a promise . that be all . elizabeth I do not mean to intrude . he wave she apology away and set about prepare the camp . kane tell I what you know of this evil . elizabeth my father .... my father say the raider be from the west - cornwall , perhaps , or devonshire . he say there be a sorcerer raise a army of this raider to take over the land . that mask man ; he be they general - a demon in a man 's body they say who can control the soldier with he mind alone . ( more ) 54 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 87 elizabeth ( cont would ) they burn and butcher at will and more be join they all the time . how can anyone fight this ? kane ( quietly ) I can . mix to : ext . stone circle camp - later . day 54 mist hang in the air around they tiny camp . the two horse graze placidly nearby . kane add a little more wood to the small camp FIRE . elizabeth be asleep huddle before the flame . he watch she for a moment , clearly a little conflict over something . then , quietly , he gather he weapon , check they , and strap they to he horse . he take all the food , clothing and other useful item and leave they by the fire , next to the girl . he take a pistol and powder and rest that near to she too . after another moment of silent think he walk back to he horse and mount . the noise wake elizabeth . elizabeth what be you do ? kane I have leave you all the provision I have . do you know how to use a pistol ? she scramble to she foot . elizabeth why ? you be leave I ? no ! kane Elizabeth , you can not come where I be go . there 's danger ahead and .... when you have rest , take that horse and head east . find a church . beg sanctuary . elizabeth please do not leave I . please . I have nothing leave . please ... kane be tear between duty but he have no choice . 55 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 58 kane I be sorry , Elizabeth . I have to go . May God protect you . he drive he heel into he horse and gallop away into the mist . CUT to : ext . road outside village - day 55 the raider and they wagon train have come to a halt outside a small village on the edge of a dark forest it be just one of several wagon join together to forma longer train . a rough platoon of raider walk or ride alongside . it may be a army of sort but it be crude and undiscipline . we see now that there be different caste of raider ; some be little more than rough look man whilst other , clearly of higher rank , be far more corrupt and change . seemingly the longer they have be fight , the more strongly the possession take hold . meredith be lie on she side at the bottom of a cage mount on the back of a wagon . she be freezing cold , shiver and filthy . there be a dead body right beside she in the overpack wagon . she be praying quietly , intensely . meredith heavenly Father , I beseech you to save we from this evil . ( to a companion ) pray with I . pray for we all . captive slavery or sacrifice ; there be nothing else for we . meredith do not give up . we will find the strength to survive this . in the name of the Father , Son and the Holy ghost ... one of the raider walk near meredith 's wagon , slam the flat of he sword against the cage . raider quiet ! ( to he companion ) clear out the dead ! Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 59 meredith shrink back from the front of the cage as the savage raider fling open the door and drag out the body . they be dumped by the side of the road . CUT to : ext . village - cont a dozen men of the village be line up on they knee before the overlord . raider be gather around . other villager be watch from a huddle group nearby . they have the grim resolution of a beat community as the raider take food and water as they please . on gibbet by the side of the road a dozen men be hanging by there neck . villager do not join they ! do not do it ! youth Father ! do not ! one of the men on he knee in the line turn to the crowd . man what choice be there ? we must join they or perish . the overlord stand before this man . two raider at he shoulder speak for he in strange synchronization . raider / overlord will you serve the master ? man y...yes . the overlord take hold of the villager 's head between he huge hand . the man scream for a moment but then begin to change ... ... rippling from the overlord 's finger be creep tendril that distort and alter he skin like a foul disease overwhelming the human side of he . when the transformation be complete he have the same vacant corrupt look as the other raider . raider / overlord brand he . and this other . another raider draw a burn brand from a nearby fire and press into the new raider 's flesh . he seem to barely even notice . 56 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 60 a young man - no more than 15 - charge towards the overlord . he have a short sword raise , ready to strike the overlord . youth Father !!! with stun speed the overlord draw he massive broadsword . in one sweeping motion he slice the boy in half . the boy' father look down at the body with no emotion . CUT to : ext . field - sunset 56 kane ride along what pass for a road but be little more than a muddy track . he 's bundle up against the cold ; cloak wrap tightly around . he slow a little when he come to a crossroad and check he direction on a compass . the needle spin crazily , no matter how he hold it . ahead of he he see people come down the road . a crowd of ragged refugees flee whatever evil be beyond . they be hollow eye and road weary and not all peasant . some be clad in finer clothes but all be escape the terror kane greeting friend . no one speak . they just hurry past he . kane drop from he horse and approach a man and he family . he take the locket from he neck , open it and show the picture to the refugee . kane this girl ; have you see she ? you ? any of you ? they do not care . wo not look . other just flow by . kane try to show they all but no one care . kane stop damn you ! look at it . look ! woman if she be take there be no hope . 57 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 61 kane I be hunt that who do this to you . I need to know where they be ! man they be everywhere . ghoul creature and demon be abroad . every foul thing of the earth have come . no one can fight they . woman pray for you friend ; it be all you can do now . CUT to : ext . road - later . evening 57 there be a shallow ford that bisect the road . kane dismount and lead he horse over to it . he allow it to drink before scoop up a few handfuls of water himself and refilling he water bottle . then he see a pile of rotting body dumped at the side of the road . some of the corpse have spill into the water kane spit out the water and empty he bottle again . kane ( pull the horse away ) stop . do not drink ; it 's befoul . can you not taste it animal ? as he pull the reluctant horse away he notice there be several peasant stand silent and ghostlike in the hedge and undergrowth nearby . kane I be look for this girl ... there be something wrong with this people . it seem as though they humanity have be stripped away revealing something feral and terrifying beneath . Little by little they begin advance on he with silent menace . some have pitchfork , other have axe and other have nothing more than they claw hand . kane draw he sword and spin to try and keep track of they all . kane stay back ! his horse buck and pull against the rein as kane struggle to get into a position to remount . 58 59 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 62 kane steady ... woah ... but the horse break free of he , knock he over , and , in a panic the animal run away , trampling over a pair of the advance peasant . kane , scramble to he foot and with nothing but he single sword and a pistol in he belt , ready himself against the attacker as they silently close the circle now ... the first of the peasant let 's loose a terrible scream and charge at he . kane be ready ... drop to he knee he sweep he blade across he attacker 's leg , severing they at the knee . the victim make no sound and show no pain . he simply drop to the floor and even with hideous injury , continue to struggle on . kane then turn on the other and , with brutal efficiency , set about they destruction ... CUT to : ext . wagon train - night 58 by the light of burn brand the raider 's wagon crawl relentlessly across the countryside towards some unknown destination . the captive be huddle together . Dead and die along with the silent , terrify live . raider clear out the body ! the waste body of the fall be roughly drag out of the wagon and dumped carelessly at the side of the road . meredith be amongst the dead . CUT to : ext . countryside - night 59 kane walk now . he be bloody and weary and have lose virtually everything but for he sword , he pistol and the clothes on he back and yet still he stride on relentlessly . determination write in every line of he face . 60 61 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 63 up ahead , on the crest of a hill he see a beacon lighting the tower of a broken down church , offer sanctuary for the night . CUT to : ext . roadside verge - night 60 the only noise in this still and misty night be the rattle of the cart and breathe of the horse as they fade away into the night . on a pile of corpse : just a mound of tatter flesh and corpse with meredith lie amongst they . close in on her face ... serene and still . but then ... her eye SNAP OPEN . barely dare to breathe she look around . desperately nervous she look around for danger . it seem she be alone but for the dead . initially tentative and full of fear she begin to scrabble out from the corpse middan . the more she struggle , the more revolt and desperate she become ... ... until finally she 's scream as she tear and pull at the body to get herself free . CUT to : ext . derelict church yard - night 61 kane pass through the wooden arched entrance of the church yard . the light of the beacon , still flicker in the crumble bell tower of the ancient saxon church . a echoing scream carry across the dark countryside something evil in the distance . kane hurry towards the church . gravestone have be flatten or shattered . there be a couple of body hang from a tree in the distance . this place have a real sense of death and decay . strange noise echo across the countryside . he cautiously approach the door and push it open . CUT to : 62 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 64 int . derelict church - evening 62 kane 's foot crunch loudly on the break masonry that litter the floor . the roof have collapse in place , expose the night sky . pews be scattered and break , even the altar be overturn . startle bird , disturb in they nighttime roost , suddenly explode out of the rafter . something be watching kane as he explore this desecrate sanctuary . as kane approach the altar , and the watcher come nearer stalking he from the shadow ... kane bend to he knee and bow he head before the fall idol . the attacker make its final approach , a wooden club raise , ready to bring down on kane . but kane whirl round at the last moment and point he pistol right into the face of ... a priest . the two be freeze for a moment . this priest be wild - eye and at the end of he strength . even if he do strike kane it would barely register kane slowly lower he pistol . he raise empty hand . kane you be in no danger from I Father . the Priest quiver in fear , the cudgel still ready . kane I wish only for a little refuge and a moment for prayer . slowly , the Priest lower he own weapon . priest f..f.. forgive I . I have see such thing . CUT to : 63 64 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett `s ext . field - night 63 under the light of the full moon , meredith run headlong through the night . she stumble and fall , trip down a precipitous slope and splash into a narrow river ... she force she way across to the other side . but now exhaustion be catch she and as she struggle up the other side she slide back down the mud bank and into the water . her freezing finger claw they way up the muddy bank again but she can hardly make any progress , she 's so tired and cold ... but a hand reach from the darkness and grab hers . a teenage boy , thomas woolman , be help she over the top . to meredith , in she daze and exhaust state , he look just like SAMUEL . meredith Samuel ? be I dead ? boy you be not dead miss . but we may be if we wait around here much longer . there 's terrible thing in the dark . thomas help meredith to she foot . she can hardly stand but he put he arm around she and hold she steady . meredith do you know a place I can shelter ? CUT to : int . derelict church - night 64 kane and the Priest - father michael , a gaunt , wild haire man , clearly hover on the brink of sanity and still clad in a tear tunic with stain dog-collar - be eat simple fare around a fire that burn in the corner of the church . father michael have you come far ? kane aye . two day 's hard ride bring I here but where here be , I do not know . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 66 father michael the borderland of somerset and devonshire . kane ( quietly ) my homeland . father michael what ? kane I live in axmouth Castle as a boy . it 's not so far from here . father michael a sad homecome for you . kane what happen here ? do the raider come ? father michael every foul thing that the light of Christ keep at bay be return . we have burn so many witch and they familiar but still they keep come . one of they curse my flock with she evil , turn they into terrible ghoulish creature . kane I meet some on the road before . flesh and blood but no longer human . father michael do you hurt they ? kane I have no choice . father michael they be innocent of they crime . I have watch man become monster before my eye . they slaughter each other ; father kill they child , brother murdering brother . such a hunger be in they . this be truly the end of day . kane do you believe that ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 67 father michael I believe that God be testing my faith . kane by cursing we all ? Christ and all he angel be asleep whilst we suffer . father michael mind you blasphemy ! it 's as God want it . he want to feel we love for he even through we agony . kane get to he foot and pace angrily . kane feel we love ?! how can it be right that this evil be walk amongst we , pour its poison into the land , when all we have to protect we be ... what ? faith ? where be the warrior who will take the fight to they ? why do not they walk amongst we just as the foul creature do ? tell I , Priest ; who in the world can fight this evil ? kane be catch in a shaft of moonlight which splinter through the break roof . sword in hand , pistol in he belt and anger write across he face ... ... the answer to kane 's own question be obvious to the priest , even if it be not to kane himself . kane hear a movement and be suddenly alert . kane there be something out there . father michael no son , there be nothing evil out there . kane prepare himself for a fight father michael the evil be here already . kane turn to he , confuse by this . kane what do you mean ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 68 the Priest limp over to a trap door in the floor of the church . he reach to the handle and lift it . kane pick up a burn brand and approach . father michael see ... for a moment kane stare into the blackness below and see nothing and suddenly a dozen pale face appear , luminous evil eye , snarling and grasp for he but they can not get out of the cellar . kane my God ... Father Michael giggle a little . it 's a uneasy , slightly insane laugh . father michael what be I to do ? they be man and woman once ; people I know . kane destroy they , man ! father michael I cannot destroy they ; I be they shepherd . this be my test of faith ; to love even the foulest creature . the creature in the cellar be silent but watch kane with terrible menace and hunger . they have sharp , bloody tooth , they hair be thinning and fall out in clump , they skin white and waxen . kane not any more . they be change ... they be creature of darkness now . I have see the like before in my travel . vampire or undead ghoul of some form ... you cannot ... father michael no ! they be my flock and I have a duty of care towards they . I ... keep they . I ... care for they . I ... feed they . kane be horrify . kane feed they ? what do they eat ? the priest suddenly rush at kane and shove he backward towards the OPEN trap door . 65 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 69 father michael flesh . kane , take by surprise , stumble and teeter on the edge of the open hatchway ... and it seem that he might just keep he foot until ... ... with a bloodcurdle cry , one of the ghoul leap up and grab he leg , yanking he backwards . kane tumble back down into the pit . the Priest dash forward and slam the cellar door close on the snarling , screeching pack of ghoul . father michael May God have mercy on you soul . CUT to : int . church cellar - cont 65 as soon as kane tumble into the dark , the ghoul attack he . they mouth open bare razor edge tooth . the burning torch have fall into the pit with he , its flicker light illuminate the dark space . kane cry in anger and pain as he beat off he attacker - they be feral but weak . he grab the burn brand and spring to he foot , try to gauge he position . there be a dozen ghoul all regroup , ready to attack again . kane draw he pistol and shoot one in the face . it fly back into the other . he have not time to reload again as they attack ... he draw he short sword and begin to hack at they . Weight of number and slashing claw force he back and they seem to feel no pain and have no care for they own safety but they blood lust be immense . as one fall , the other begin to tear at it too . but kane be press back against the crypt wall , fight for he life now . one leap right onto he try to reach he throat , shove he back hard ... ... and some of the masonry give way behind he . the dusty brickwork collapse backwards into a open space beyond . there 's a tunnel which stretch away to unfathomable darkness . 66 67 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 70 kane know what he have to do now ; alternately slice at the ghoul and try to break open the tunnel entrance . he shove the torch at one of the creature and set its rag clothing alight . it scream around the room ignite the other it touch . this give kane just enough time to tumble through the small open and into the dusty and narrow passageway beyond . he turn and run as fast as he can into the distance , he torchlight quickly be swallow in the gloom . the survive ghoul scramble through the open after he . CUT to : int . church - cont 66 the priest listen , nervously , to the scream and cry come from the floor beneath he . he seem satisfied that he task be do . but then a shadow fall across he . he turn slowly and scream ...asS a blade flash through the air ... hard CUT to : int . barn - night 67 the small side door to a barn be push quietly open as the young shepherd boy thomas woolman enter , quickly follow by meredith . she be shaking with cold and exhaustion . thomas you x11 be warm in here . meredith thank you . God bless you . meredith find a bale of hay and settles into it . Thomas light a oil lamp and come near to she . he take he heavy wool coat and put it around she shoulder . thomas where be you go ? meredith anywhere . nowhere . I escape from man who have capture I . servant of some terrible evil . ( more ) 68 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 72 meredith ( cont would ) they kill ... they kill ...oh Lord ... my family . for the first time the true impact of meredith 's loss seem to overwhelm she . she break down into tear . thomas that raider they come to this village too . they spare the family of that man who join they . other they simply murder or take away . my sister be take and many other . meredith I be so sorry . thomas she do not escape they but you do . none have do that before and survive . CUT to : int . tunnel beneath church - night 68 ragged , bloody and exhaust kane be hide in a dark alcove within the tunnel . he 's try to mask he torch flame and listen to the oncoming snarl and footfalls of the ghoul . they be come ever nearer . soon they will corner he in he hide space and so he take a breath and run out into the open corridor . they see he and immediately charge after he . the burn torch hardly throw enough light for he to see where he might be head . he make random , careless turn down junction , totally lose himself in the labyrinth . the wall of the tunnel be line with crypt , coffin and pile of bone . all ancient and dusty . but there be still no way out and he can hear the creature hunt he . a sudden gust of air make kane 's brand flicker and he know which way to go now . he step out into another corridor and ... ... right into a ghoul that have be stalking he . kane turn and manage to skewer it onto he sword and race away . 69 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 72 ahead of he he see a shaft of silver moonlight break through the exit to the chamber . two more ghoul suddenly leap down in front of he but he do not break pace he simply charge right at they . shoulder one out of the way and carry the other with he some distance ... he sword have pass through it . he fling the body to one side and scrabble through the overgrown exit . CUT to : ext . cemetery - night 69 kane flop down onto the wet grass and scramble away . all he attention focus on the exit ... but nothing be follow he . exhausted he lie back and take a moment to catch he breath . ...@ human head suddenly land on the ground right beside he . it be the priest 's head . voice 0/s friend of yours ? kane turn suddenly to find himself face five raider on horseback . he rise to he foot and face they without fear . kane recognize three of the raider . they be the thieve who attacked he in the wood day earlier but now they be clad in the livery of the raider . the insignia on they clothes , they manner and weapon different from before . the great bearded attacker suddenly seem to recognize who kane be . he laugh . beard remember this one lad ? he 's not a fighter , remember ? beard swing down off he horse . skinhead and tattoo drop down too . they approach kane , slowly , clearly look forward to toy with he again . the other two raider more corrupt and savage look than the three , remain on horseback . kane so you have pledge you allegiance to this sorcerer ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 73 beard we want to be on the win side , see . malachi will hold all this land soon enough . kane be that he name ; malachi ? beard they say he 's the most powerful warlock that 's ever be . but I would not know about that . skinhead what you do here puritan ? only thing round here be fight . tattoo and you do not do that do you ? a beat . a smile flicker across kane 's bloody face . kane well , you know , I change my mind about that . beard what ? then , swift as some great predatory beast kane leap forward , sword flash . he decapitate tattoo with one swift stroke and in a blur of motion drive he blade into the belly of skinhead . beard just about manage to avoid kane 's return slice stroke of he blade . fast and brutal he attack kane . the other raider drop from they horse and press in on he too . bath in the silvery moonlight and amongst the hang mist of the cemetery they fight , though there be never any doubt as to the outcome ... kane slice the leg tendon of beard who drop to the ground , scream then he turn on the remain two raider . one be already running for he horse , he leap on and manage to escape but the other be too slow . kane snatch up a sword from the ground and hurl it after the run man . it catch he awkwardly across the neck , sever he jugular . victorious , kane stand for a moment , listen to the whimper cry of the die and the thunder of horse hoof disappear into the night . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 74 he turn he attention to beard who be try to crawl away on useless leg . he have crawle near the entrance to the underground tunnel . kane grab beard and pull he even nearer to the tunnel entrance . clawe hand reach out to grab he . beard scream in fear . beard what be they ! !? kane they be you brother . kane he take the locket from around he neck and show beard the picture of meredith . kane this girl ; you kind take she . beard I do not know she . kane this be you only chance to live out this night , so look carefully . he push beard back a little nearer . several of the creature take hold of he and try to yank he backwards . they excited snarling fill the air . kane see they eye shine in the dark tunnel . kane have you see she ?! beard yes ! yes , I see she . kane where they be take she ? beard she 's go nowhere . kane talk in riddle and I x11 cut you tongue from you head ! beard she 's dead ! she 's dead . kane what ? liar ! 70 71 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 75 beard no ; I want to live ! I would not lie . she 's dead . I see she body drag from the wagon . I be there . kane no! no! no ! this can not be . she can not be dead . beard she be . now , I tell you what you want ! let I go ! kane release beard from he grip . instantly he be grab by the ghoul and drag back into the catacomb . kane simply walk away as beard 's agonize scream echo across the cemetery as he be eat alive . kane seem oblivious to this as he slowly collapse to the ground against a headstone with a elaborately carve angel of death perch upon it . fade to black : ext . SMALL market town - dawn 70 rising through the mist shroud countryside be the wall of a SMALL market town . a figure on horseback emerge through the mist and head slowly towards the gate . CUT to : ext . SMALL town market square - morning 71 there be dozen of stall holder try to scrape a rag live in the SMALL market square . it be filthy , wet and raining but still bustling with bedraggle customer . amongst they be raider group together drink and shouting . it seem this town have already fall into they thrall . the insignia of the sorcerer , malachi , the same that all this raider and they follower wear , fly on a pendant over the town . a few of the local move hurriedly aside as a darkly dressed rider lead three horse through the town gate and into the market square . he ignore the sideways glance and nervous chatter of that he pass . do not care that a few raider watch he . kane lead the horse through the market to a stable nearby . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 76 72 ext . stable - cont 72 kane dismount and lead the horse past a blacksmith and towards the entrance of the stable . the stable master come out to greet kane . stable master good day to you . you have like to stable you horse ? kane I want to sell they . the stable master note the raider 's insignia on they tack and saddle . he 's suddenly a little more suspicious and frighten . stable master how do you come by this animal ? kane what do it matter ? stable master they carry the mark of malachi . if you steal they ... kane you can not steal from dead man . the stable master now notice kane 's bloody weapon and clothing , suddenly he 's very nervous . look around the town square to see if anyone be watch they . stable master do you kill they ? kane be silent . stable master we hear of a man who have be hunt they . you fight they and win . kane I win nothing . the stable master become suddenly conspiratorial . he take kane to one side . stable master you must hide Sir . this town be theirs ; all around here they hold sway . everywhere . ( more ) 73 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 7 stable master ( cont would ) and spy work for they , listen in shadow betray any who would fight back . if they know you be here ... kane ( too loudly ) I do not care who know . stable master but there be also other here who would fight . they be just wait for enough man ... kane then let they fight . pay I . stable master would you not join they ? kane no . now pay I - enough to drink myself into oblivion . CUT to : int . barn - morning 73 meredith , hide under a bed of straw , open she eye to the SOUND of the barn door open and voice . she be completely hide amongst the straw . jonah 0 /s be she in here ? thomas 0 /s why do we need to do this Father ? through strand of straw meredith watch thomas and he father , jonah , a strong look middle age man with a heavy beard walk alongside . he be clearly angry ; he grab he son roughly . jonah because if they find we have be shelter she there 's 1l ... they 's 11 burn we out ... or worse . thomas she lose she family . jonah so do we ! and I will not lose anything more to save some stranger . now find she . meredith shrink back into the hay as ... Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 78 reluctantly Thomas make he way towards the haystack . thomas meredith . it 's Thomas - come on out . he pause for a moment then , on the urging of he father he pull away the hay ... ... but meredith be not there . suddenly a different haystack , right in front of jonah , erupt as meredith burst out and dash for a hanging pitchfork nearby . she snatch it from the hanger and whirl on jonah and Thomas , hold they at bay . meredith you betrayed I ! thomas I be sorry . jonah see now , girl ... meredith backtrack towards a small side door jonah listen girl they be everywhere now . that who deny they will be kill ; we have to show we loyalty . meredith and sacrifice I ?! jonah yes . jonah suddenly lunge for she . meredith drive the pitchfork into jonah . it skewer he through the arm and shoulder . he fall backwards , scream in rage and pain . meredith tear open the barn door ... ... and scream because ... ... the overlord be stand silhouetted in the doorway . his massive bulk fill the frame . a cohort of he raider behind he . instinctively meredith drive she pitchfork into he . the sharp prong penetrate he leather armour and go deep into he chest . 74 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 79 fatal for any other man , but the overlord hardly seem to notice . he yank the pitchfork from he flesh and grab she . two raider 's speak for the overlord . raider / overlord my master have a special punishment for you . he have need of you lifeblood . meredith fight against he enormous strength , tear at he mask . a section come free , expose a stare , lidless eye and tear , rotting flesh . the overlord smashes he fist down onto she . meredith 's world go black ... CUT to : int . tavern - day . later 74 a innkeeper make he way through he crowded ale - house to a table in a dark corner . a motley bunch be drink themselves into a stinking stupor on he ale . mostly local peasant but there be a handful of raider in here too . the innkeeper refill a tankard on the table from the gallon flagon he 's carry then withdraw . a hand shoot out of the shadow and grab he arm . kane leave it all . a bag of coin be toss onto the table . landlord as you wish . the landlord leave the flagon of ale and scoops up the money . he withdraw quickly . kane drain he tankard , then refill it swiftly . he 's clearly be there a while and be head for the drunken oblivion he crave . the locket with meredith 's picture be in he hand . the rest of the place be loud and busy but kane simply ignore it . he enjoy the gloomy darkness of he corner . two men - garrick and telford - push through the crowd towards he . they stop and peer at this drunken man . garrick be you certain ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 80 telford ( look closely ) it 's he . I know it . kane hardly notice they as they slide in opposite he . telford be in he early 2us , garrick a little older . both be grubby , weary and carelessly dress but not aggressive . they seem nervous , scan the room for eavesdropper . neither want to draw attention to himself . they lean in to kane who finally look up . garrick Sir ? he ignore the newcomer . telford Captain kane ? do not you remember I ? ( kane still ignore they ) I be a mate on the Queen 's ship fleetway that you captain . kane peer at he , drunkenly . kane never see you before . telford we fight in Africa , against the tribe in the cliff cave . do not you remember ? garrick pull telford to one side . garrick it be not he . telford it be . it 's kane . i1l never forget he . this be the man who can lead we , believe I . garrick where can he lead we ? to another tavern ? look at he . garrick turn back to kane , still unconvince . garrick ( quietly ) hey ; drunkard . my friend here say you be the great warrior he ever see . I do not believe he . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett al kane I tell you , I do not want ... telford a cohort of malachi 's raider ride out at dawn ; they be hunt a man who have be harrying they for this past day . be it you ? kane look up , slightly . telford ( urgently and a little loud ) there be that of we here who would rally to you Captain kane . garrick ( to telford ) keep you voice down ; there be other who would betray we . kane what do you mean , 'a man like I ? a failure ? telford no ; you be a brave man , a warrior . I know what you can do Captain , I have see it . kane suddenly grab telford across the table and yank he close . kane you do not know what you be talk about . I be nothing . garrick he 's no use . leave he to he drink . telford no ! Captain kane , we need a leader . we have to fight back it be clear that people have overhear they now . kane then fight ! kane stumble to he foot . he fall a little but rights himself . telford kane ... 75 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 82 kane I swore to find she and I fail . my life be over . and with that , kane stagger into a group of drinker who shove he away aggressively and he topple over overturn a table and fall , unconscious to the floor the landlord look down on kane . he notice that some of the raider nearby be take a interest . the landlord cover this quickly . landlord this drunkard have have enough ; take he to he bed lad . CUT to : int . inn . communal bunkhouse - night 75 kane sleep in he clothes on a rough straw mattress . his few possession be pile carelessly near he bed . there be a handful of other drunk sleep off they booze . slowly , the door to the bunkhouse creak open . six dark , shadowy figure wait in the darkness . hushed whisper , inaudible instruction but then one voice a little clearer . voice there . kane be over there . he 's the one I see . five figure stalk across the room . a sleep drunk wake ... drunk what be you ...? he throat be CUT . the figure surround kane 's bed , sword in hand , rope and shackle in other . they position themselves carefully . one stumble , make a noise ... kane , alert , rouse from he slumber but be too slow ... he fumble for he sword only to have it kick away . the attacker grab he ... CUT to : 76 77 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 83 ext . road . travelling slave wagon - morning 76 meredith now bloody and beat , be once again a prisoner in a cage . other be cramme in as before but now she be tie to the bar by heavy rope and unable to move . she slump against she bond , hardly register the trough and pot-hole the wagon hit . CUT to : ext . market square - dawn 77 close on : garrick 's face - scream in agony . with every blow of the hammer he cry louder . his hand be be naile to a wooden cross by a raider . the stable keeper be nearby he , unconscious and bloody - already pin to the wood . other too be line up ; anyone who might have be involved with they be be crucify in the town square . telford be not there though . a party of raider and local be raise the cross . the market square have be trash , any stall that be leave have be shattered , other be burn . the silent overlord watch from he horse as the first of the cross be raise . the cry of pain be unbearable . the town local have be herde into a group . raider with they weapon ready face they but no one be go to fight . a possessed raider speak with he master 's voice . it echoe unnaturally across the town square . raider / overlord ( talk to the townspeople ) this be the fate of that who would defy we . this traitor in you midst have bring about you destruction . there will be no mercy . the overlord turn to see ... ... kane be dragge out of a nearby build by he captor . he be not struggle , seemingly resign to he fate . the raider haul kane across the square , literally drag he over the stone and casting he to the ground before the overlord who regards he from behind he expressionless mask . he drop from he horse and approach kane . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 84 raider this be the one master , the one who hunt we . the rebel want he as they leader . the overlord lean down to kane , reach out with a glove hand and raise he face to he own . the overlord 's eye stare keenly from the mask . he be so close to kane now that he can whisper in he own voice . it be a frail , rasp whisper . he be almost tender as he speak . overlord can you hear I Solomon ? kane stare up at the monster before he . overlord do you know I ? kane I know you for the foul servant of evil you be . overlord he can not be defeat - even by you . join we . kane I be go to kill you all . overlord you can not kill one who be already dead . Goodbye brother . the overlord stand suddenly and turn and stride away from kane any hint of humanity or connection be lose kane brother ?! what do you mean ? what do you know of my brother ?! the overlord ignore he and once more he speak through he minion . raider / overlord ( to the crowd ) this man can not save you from we . he be nothing ! crucify he . burn this town to ash . amidst the scream of protest and fear of the townspeople , the overlord climb onto he horse and thunder away , take many of he warrior with he . CUT to : 78 79 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 8s ext . village wall - cont 78 the overlord lead he man away . as they pass the gated entrance a group of slave cage wagon that have be wait outside the town be whipped into action . meredith be in one of the cage . ext . market square - cont 79 under the light of a blood -re dawn kane be take and shove forward through the crowd . the raider kick and punch he . some of the crowd be silent whilst other be shouting and jeer . onlooker he bring this on we ! it be he fault ! in the background people be scream as soldier set FIRE to the house . kane ignore it all . he have already give up ; there be nothing more he can do now . they tie a rope around he chest , hold he to the cross and stretch he arm onto the beam . then the long iron nail be laid against he palm and pounded through the flesh . he grit he tooth against the agony but make no sound . raider ( to he companion ) he 's tough . they always scream . companion do you see the master ? he fear this man above all other . raider best make sure he suffer then . the pair continue to smash the nail into kane 's body . with each brutal hammer blow the scream kane can hear all around he finally begin to fade . the leer , laugh face of the raider , they punch and blow mean nothing any more . he be die ... his vision flicker to black for a moment ... he regains consciousness again as he cross be raised to vertical ... his body sag down against the rope hold he to the main vertical beam . his arm pull against the nail through he palm . blood run down he arm . 80 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett a6 but when he open he eye and look down the world have change ... he be in hell . it be the same market square , still burn , people still scream but everything be heighten . he can see the demon twist and slide within the body of the raider like foul parasitic creature feed on the pain and fear . the villager be scream and twisted in torture agony . demon tear at they as they town burn . Dante could not have imagine anything worse . only now do kane start to scream ... CUT to : ext . road . slave wagon - morning 80 meredith look up from she stupor as they pass the entrance to the town . the billow smoke from the burn building smother they way in a thick pall and as they pass through the break wall of the market town be reveal . and in the town square be five crucified men . she can not help but look at the horrific image and see ... ... kane on the cross . she hear he scream . meredith Solomon ! Solomon ! she scream now and tear at the bond . rocking the whole cage . a raider smack the cage with he cudgel . the prisoner shrink back in fear . raider silence ! but meredith ignore he , grow more hysterical with every moment . another raider ( to the driver ) get we away from here ! the horse be whipped and the train pick up speed . clatter away and increase pace . 81 82 83 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 87 meredith kane ! ! solomon kane !!! please ! kane !!! CUT to : ext . SMALL town market square - cont 81 kane be still stare down at the vision before . then he hear meredith 's cry , faintly at first as if they be simply another part of he die moment but then cut through more clearly . meredith 0/s Solomon ! Solomon kane ! please ... God save he .... Beyond he vision of hell he can see meredith 's wagon outside the town gate . kane ( barely a whisper ) meredith . she be alive . he have not yet fail . meredith Solomon ! kane meredith ! CUT to : ext . road - cont 82 meredith be scream and fight as the wagon train move away from the village . slowly she be lose sight of kane but do everything she can to retain sight until the last possible moment , even as the raider be scream at she for silence . ext . SMALL town market square - cont 83 kane watch as meredith 's wagon thunder out of sight . kane meredith ! no !! kane close he eye , grit he tooth and summon every last drop of strength he have ... 84 85 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 88 ... and with quivering muscle he begin to tear one arm from the cross . he pull he wrist forward , the nail sliding through he flesh . he scream in soul shatter agony ... the raider below he stand , freeze ... unable to comprehend what be happen . and as he scream kane let 's he weight drop against the rope hold he up and tear he other arm free . ext . road - cont 84 meredith still try to see kane and the village , finally lose sight of they . she slump against she own bond . ext . village - cont 85 kane have drop to the ground now . he be stunne and bleed , try to gain he breath and work through the agony . a few of the raider have stop , amaze , to watch he as he struggle to a kneel position , blood pour from he wound . kane stare at they with cold fury . but he can see more than just the raider - he can see within the more corrupt raider , there be demonic creature , like a parasite writhe within its host . evil eye stare at he from behind the human mask . summon incredible willpower , kane , pick up a abandon sword and ready for a fight . instead the raider turn and flee . kane ( shouting after they ) tell you master I be come ! tell he I will wipe he and he servant from this earth . the raider who be run from kane head towards the town gate ... then , just as they pass through the entrance they be suddenly attacked by a handful of men who appear from behind the town wall . the raider hardly have time to defend themselves and be brutally CUT down . exhausted , kane barely notice as this rebel fighter approach he . at they head be the young man from the bar - telford . 86 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 89 telford hurry towards kane even as kane begin to falter and drop back down to he knee . fade to black : int . cave - night 86 rising up from he darkness he hear the voice first . a old woman 's voice , incant in a ancient tongue . maybe celtic maybe older even than that old woman 0 /s ( in celtic ) a elfyntodd dwyr sinddyn duw cerrig year fferllurig nwyn ; os syriaeth ech saffaer tu fewr echlyn mor , necrombor llun kane slowly open he eye to see - by the light of a flicker fire - a ancient crone peer down at he and anoint he with liniment . telford 0 /s ( hushed whisper ) he be a murderer , I know , but do not we need someone like he ? another voice 0 /s you say he kill he own brother . huge shadow of other people flicker against the ceiling of the cave he be in . the whole place be light by fire and burn brand . telford 0 / S I do not know that . it be just a rumor aboard the ship . Beyond the old woman stand telford and a dozen of he comrade . all serious look man . exhausted , battle weary soldier , talk quietly . kane ( to the crone ) keep you pagan magic away from I . the wound on kane 's wrist and foot have be bound with leave and heal pastes . old woman ( to kane ) my pagan magic be more ancient than you Christian god . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 90 kane it be evil , witch . old woman not all witch be evil . and there be that who name you evil kane . you who have one foot in the realm of the dead now . do you cross over ? what do you see ? he do not reply . old woman you eye see into the shadow now . kane what riddle do you speak ? old woman you can see the demon that walk amongst we . be within we . a gift and a curse . kane get away from I . she slowly rise to she foot and shuffles away from he . old woman you will meet you brother again soon enough , Solomon kane . kane what do you know of my brother ? old woman be that not what you desire ? to pay for you sin ? she pass telford as he approach . old woman ( to telford ) I have do what you ask ; he will be well now . telford what do you see of we future ? old woman he will lead you into blood and darkness ; be you ready for that ? 87 88 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett on she pull he hand away from she and continue into the darkness . CUT to : ext . cave [ establishing ] - dawn 87 the entrance to the cave be well hide against a wood hillside . heavy rain and mist make it even harder to discern amongst the leave and undergrowth . CUT to : int . cave - cont 88 kane climb to he foot , ignore telford and the other . he stumble a little in the half light but start gather up some supplies and weapon . telford what be you do ? a young fighter caldicott - not much older than Samuel be - try to help he but kane shrug he aid away . kane leave . caldicott why ? telford you be barely heal and there be too few of we just yet . as kane reach for sword and pistol , telford stop he . kane grab telford and pin he up against the cave wall . a blade on he throat in a flash . everyone tense . sword grab , people press in - unsure what to do . kane I do not ask you to come with I . I do not want you to . a great brute of a man , mcness , speak . mcness aye , but we will . we be here to fight with you . telford have promise we you will destroy this evil . kane look at telford . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 92 telford that 's why you be here ; to kill malachi ? kane yes . telford then we can help you . lead you to he . help you find she . after a long pause kane lower he blade and relax . CUT to : 89 int . cave - later 89 kane now sit with the other chew on some bread . kane tell I what you know of this malachi . telford from he castle overlook axmouth he be ... kane axmouth Castle ? kane be shocked . fletcher aye axmouth ; it 's a foul , place . do you know it ? kane axmouth Castle be ... my home . I have not see it for many year but I ... ( almost to himself ) have I come so far simply to ... simply to return home ? fletcher it may have be you home but you can be sure it will not be like any home you remember . the village be naught but a ghost town , abandon to the darkness . the land all about be freeze and dead . kane how do this happen ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 93 telford malachi open a doorway to the underworld . fed with the blood of he victim he draw forth every evil thing to corrupt the land . caldicott they say he sell he soul . telford he 's in league with a great evil now and build a army to carry he to power . the demon he bring from hell use the body of the raider . kane I have see they ; coiled inside the soldier like maggot in flesh . there be a sudden disturbance by the entrance to the cave . everyone reach for they weapon . voice 0 /s hail friend . put down you arm . mcness merton . Harris . Smith ; how fare it ? telford what news brother ? three men be enter . shake rain from they long coat hand over weapon and talk with they comrade in low voice . the leader of this new arrival , merton , come into the circle of firelight . merton we follow that last slave wagon the border of axmouth . I be certain we can get through ; there be so few guard now . his arrogance be such that he fear no attack . I ... kane stare at merton who see this and offer he hand in greeting . merton Captain kane , I be glad to see you well again ; I be Jack merton . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 94 but what kane sees be something beyond the human figure of merton ; he see a shifting , shadowy creature within the human skin , peer out with fiery red eye . holding he gaze steadily kane rise and take merton 's hand . merton what 's wrong ? then , without a word , kane suddenly yank merton toward he , draw a pistol from he belt and fire into he chest . the report of the gun be deafen and be follow by turmoil . merton clutches he chest and sink to he knee in agony . mcness grab kane and haul he backwards , throw he to the ground . half a dozen sword be point at kane 's throat as merton die where he fall . caldicott what have you do ?! other 0 /s kill he ! kill he now ! fearlessly kane push the threaten sword to one side and rise to he foot . kane this man , merton , he be possess of malachi 's evil . telford he be we friend ; we comrade . kane could you not see what be within he ? he be one of they . mcness I fight alongside he . he be no traitor . kane stride over to merton 's body . kane he be a traitor to you . kane tear merton 's clothes open to reveal the symbol of the raider branded onto he flesh . there be a stunne silence . 90 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 95 kane you friend die long ago but he flesh be be use . you could not have know . caldicott how do you know ? kane I can see they . as clear as you be to I now , I can see the evil inside they . telford all that we plan be know by we enemy . fletcher then we have lose . how can we fight this power ? kane survey the man before he . though they be fierce and determine , they be really little more than farmer and peasant . and now they be confuse and nervous . but kane alone be undaunted . kane Gather you weapon . fletcher we be not ready . kane neither be they . mcness we be too few . kane I have take city with fewer . telford , tell they , you know it be true . Gather you weapon ; we ride out now . mix to : ext . axmouth valley [ establishing ] - day 90 heavy , dark rain cloud hang low over the valley . there be no life here . the whole world seem trap in the iron fist of mid-winter and permanent twilight . freeze rain lash down . in kane 's memory this may once have be rich in life and joy but now it be a black , skeletal place . 91 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 96 in the crook of the valley a SMALL town lie silent . and in the distance , on a hill , be the grey , glower form of axmouth castle . brood over the whole valley . Beyond the castle , the sea crash restlessly in the harbour the only sign of life be a SMALL group of raider return to the castle with a wagon of captive . tiny against the landscape , they pass a sentry post just outside the village . CUT to : ext . village guard post - cont 91 two of malachi 's raider , bundle up against the cold , stand guard by a low wall . they wave the approach raider and they wagon full of captive through . sentry raider any trouble ? wagon leader there be no fight in this people . sentry raider do not be so certain of that . the sentry throw back he hood - it be kane dress as a raider . he draw two pistol and shoot the leader of the wagon raider . instantly telford , mccness , smith , fletcher , harris , caldicott and five other - bradford , cooper , hawkstone , gilligan and softley - rise up from behind the low wall and undergrowth . with pistol flaring and sword swinging they engage the remain four wagon raider . quickly overwhelming they . mcness , prefer a cudgel to anything more subtle batter one to a scream , bloody death before beginning to strip he of he clothes . mcness do we really have to wear this ? they stink . this man be little be animal . fletcher mcness be a animal already . kane they be like you once , remember . 92 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 97 as kane survey the dead the captive in the cage wagon begin to scream for help . arm outstretch , begging for mercy . caldicott hurry to unlock the cage . kane slam the door close again . caldicott you will not free they ? telford we must let they go . kane a party of raider return without prisoner ? we will arouse suspicion . ( to the prisoner ) you have suffer but find strength for just a little longer . we will put a end to this horror . CUT to : ext . approach to the castle - later 92 heavy rain and thick mist make the go difficult as kane and he men , dress as a raid party , slowly approach the ominous and intimidating entrance to the castle . there be six raider , as before - the other be now within the slave cage itself hide silently amongst the other captive . kane and telford be take the lead . telford stare up at the impose castle . telford ( whisper ) you childhood be here ? that explain a great deal . kane it be different back then but never a very happy place , even when my father be Lord . so near to the castle entrance now . too late to turn back as the dozen guard by the portcullis gate see they approach . mcness we can take this easily . 93 94 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 98 kane we want be to get inside the gate , not start a battle outside which we cannot win . keep you mouth shut and you head down . they approach , head bent low , slave cage full of prisoner . ext . castle gate - cont 93 at a agonizing crawl , kane and he comrade pass by the castle guard . this raider be different from the other : less human , even more corrupt and misshapen . as kane look at they he see the evil within , shine through they eye . he can almost feel they stare back into he own soul . mcness and fletcher have hand poise over they pistol . with every step kane feel they 'il be discover and attack but they be not . the portcullis gate be raised without a question and they be allow into the inner courtyard . ext . inner courtyard - cont 94 the portcullis be lower behind they with a rattle of chain as they enter the deserted courtyard . a lone guard wave they wagon over to the dark entrance to the castle dungeon . it be eerily silent now apart from the rattle and slap of the horse and wagon on the cobblestone . kane look around , the first time he 's be home for so many year . kane ( quietly , to himself ) I remember it . my home . fletcher malachi 's lair be in the great Hall . kane ( indicate ) it be that way , then . suddenly kane sees a SMALL figure look down on they from a balcony window . it be the witch who slaughter the village . she grin at he with she point , crooked tooth show and then dart away . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 99 telford ( see the witch ) kane ... kane I know . ready ? kane draw he sword just as the courtyard be suddenly filled with guard rush towards they . stride amongst they come the overlord carry he huge broadsword with he . he lunge for smith and hawkstone . they attack he but he be swift and deadly . they blow be deflect with ease and both be cut down . the overlord turn he attention to gilligan and the youth caldicott . kane see this and charge through the fray . as the overlord sweep down a kill blow on caldicott kane bring he two blade together to block it . kane ( to caldicott ) run ; you can not win this . the overlord shove kane 's blade aside and return with a flurry of blow from he own weapon . he be incredibly swift , slashing at kane 's arm and leg . kane stumble and slip to the ground , just roll away from a kill blow to he head . telford this way man ! telford lead he man into the castle itself , find cover inside . the guard follow they . kane and the overlord close on each other again . both be well match but the kane be be force back with each step . kane manage a slashing cut across the Rider 's body but it draw no blood and seem to make little difference to he . kane know he be in trouble now and be look around now , try to find a way out . he duck a low blow and make a dash for a low wall . he dive over and find himself tumble down some stone step lead to a OPEN doorway . CUT to : 95 96 97 98 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 199 int . castle corridor - cont 95 kane dash through the open doorway , slamm and barring the door behind he and then sprint down the narrow corridor . he 's look around he , move fast , try to get he bearing after all this year . int . other corridor - cont 96 ducking down side entrance and other passageway until the sound of combat and pursuit be far behind . he stop for a moment and gain he breath . then he hear a SOUND . not combat ; something else ... something plaintiff and desperate ; the sound of prisoner . kane the dungeon . CUT to : int . dungeon - cont 97 kane , alone , peer out from the shadow and down a long low roofed hallway into the dungeon . he 's try to remember where to go , make several false turn through doorway and down step . the sudden SOUND of run foot and shout instruction force he to take a side route and scurry down some stair into the darker level . int . lower level dungeon - cont 98 moan and cry of pain and anguish emanate from the tiny cell . Water run down the wall mingling with effluent and other waste . it be foul . kane peer through each tiny doorway portal look for meredith . kane meredith ? suddenly a guard appear from around a corner . kane be on he in a instant , blade flash across he throat . blood spray a nearby wall . he grab the heavy keys from the dead man 's belt and begin to unlock the door . the captive inside cower away from this craze and bloody man who suddenly appear before they . 99 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 101 kane you be free ! run ! go ! go now . he open every door he can , heedless of the noise now . but none of the prisoner be meredith . he grab one of they . kane where be the other ? be this all of you ? meredith ?! he shove the picture locket into the prisoner 's face . kane do you see here ? where be she ? prisoner I do not know sir. please . I do not know . kane fling open all the door he can find and then finally come to the last cell in the block . at first it appear dark and empty . he turn away , ready to move on but he hear a cough and notice a movement in the shadow . he step into the cell ... int . cell - cont 99 there be a wizened old man lie on a bed of filthy wet straw . kane approach he . kane you be free . quickly ; leave this place . the old man simply stare at he . his breath wheeze slowly from he open , rag mouth . he hardly seem well enough to move . kane if you do not want you last day to be spend here you must leave now , old man . old man I can not leave . kane let I help you then . despite he urgency kane kneel to help he but realize that he be chained to the wall . kane why be you chain here ? Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 192 old man for my sin . I can not leave . kane I think , perhaps , I can break this chain . kane draw a pistol . old man even without this chain I would stay . kane dear God why ? old man it be my home . kane you home ? this place be no one 's home . old man it be mine once . kane suddenly stop and stare hard at the old man . he move to see he from a better angle , to allow some light to fall on he face . kane be incredulous . kane Father ? now the old man regards kane with the same astonishment . old man Solomon ? the old man can hardly form word . his eye fill with tear . old man I ... I think you lose to I forever . he reach out a shaking hand to touch the face of he long - lose son . old man you be just a boy when ... kane begin to tear at the chain . hauling on they with all he might but make no difference . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 193 father kane you will never break this chain ; they be forge from dark magic as much as metal . kane tell I then how can I free you ? father kane you can not free I . do not try . kane 's father cough . his weak body wrack with spasm of pain . kane cradle he father in he arm . kane I have so much shame for what I do . I never mean for Marcus to fall ... I never mean for he to die . father kane die ? he do not die Solomon . he survive . kane Marcus life ? I spend all this think I have kill my own brother . father kane he have a life still ; if you can call it life . kane what do you mean ? father kane he be so badly injure by the fall but he do not die . alive in a way ; he body do not die but he mind , he soul , be lose and no surgeon or priest could help . and so ... so ... I bring the sorcerer here . kane malachi ? you bring he ? father kane I seek he out and he come with promise of power and heal . I offer he everything I have , just to bring Marcus back to I . I could not lose both my son . the old man take a pause now . he hardly have the strength to continue . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 104 kane can hear the noise outside grow . fleeing prisoner and the shout of guard . he know time be run out . father kane and he do Solomon ; use he mirror and magic , malachi reach into the darkness and bring Marcus back . but he be change ; he have such darkness , such violence and power . he speak use other possess they , force they to he way . his face be so damage by the fall ; he hide himself behind he mask and serve only the will of the sorcerer . for all this year we live in fear of he and malachi . kane that mask rider ... he be ... my brother ? father kane aye ; that creature be Marcus or once be . I do not believe there be anything of my son there now . it be a demon wear the flesh of you brother , nothing more . malachi use my son to open a way for he creature to come through . another cough spasm take the old man . when he recover he can hardly speak . father kane now you must do one thing for I ... kane just ask it and it will be do . father kane end my life . kane what ? no! father kane I invite the sorcerer in . while I be alive that freedom hold . that be why I be keep thus . he will never let I die . kill I and you may hope to drive he from this land . 100 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 105 kane Father I ... father kane do it ! we both have we sin to answer for . I be ready to answer for mine now . kane draw he pistol . he be in a world of confusion and pain . the old man grab kane 's shaking hand and hold the pistol to he own temple . father kane free Marcus from he slavery . they hold each other 's gaze for a moment and then kane pull the trigger . CUT to : int . castle corridor - day 100 kane stride down the wide stone corridor , undaunted and unafraid now . he know where he be go . there be several dead guard lie on the floor behind he . kane brother !! brother ! ! close double door to the great hall be at the end of the long hallway ahead of he . then , off to one side down another long wide hallway , he hear fighting . look down he see telford , mcness , fletcher and just two other fight desperately against a horde of the guard . they be bloody and struggle ; soon to be overwhelm but fight onwards . fletcher scream in agony as he be cut down by the hideously misshapen creature that protect this place . telford see kane at the other end of the corridor . telford kane ! for God 's sake , help we ! angle on kane : kane run to help they . both pistol fire he take down two of the enemy and then engage with he two blade . the old kane of speed and savagery be fully return as he turn and thrust . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 196 kane be this all of you ? telford caldicott be alive perhaps , and Smith but the other ... no fast and lethal as he be , there be simply too many guard . the survivor be drive back into the main corridor before the door to the great Hall . though they snarl and cackle they keep they distance , rightly nervous of he . kane my father be dead ! I be the Lord of this castle now ; you have no claim here ! behind he , the door to the great Hall swing slowly open . the overlord stand silently , sword in hand . even the misshapen guard fall silent . kane turn . kane ( quietly ) brother ... ( to telford , urgently ) free any other captive , get they away from here . the girl from my locket , meredith , find she , free she . telford kane ... kane do as I order ! telford what of you ? kane you will not see I again ; I have to pay for my sin . telford , mcness and the two other make a sudden break through the guard who make no attempt to follow - all eye be on kane and they master . kane I do know you brother . no reply from the silent figure . 101 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 197 kane I know you can speak . again I ask ; do you know I brother ? then , suddenly , all the guard speak as one - with the voice of the marcus . guard /marcus you be my enemy . kane spin to confront they but they do not move . he turn back to Marcus and advance still . though he seem almost nervous . his hand on the hilt of he sword shake so slightly . the bead of sweat on he brow catch the torchlight from the wall and each step take he ever nearer to he true fate . kane I be not you enemy . the fiend who do this to you be we enemy . without another word kane 's brother step back into the great hall and be swallow by the shadow . kane cautiously , follow . int . great hall - cont 101 kane stand in the flicker firelight of the great hall . drape cover the window , but there be plenty of light from the candle and burn brand that fill the space . hanging from the wall and stand on plinth around the floor be large black mirror . they all have elaborate etching on the glass ; write in arcane language and symbol . very much like that on kane 's own body . with he vision , he can see the demonic creature writhe and twist within they glass prison . they be press up against the surface , clearly trap but eager to be free . the door slam close behind kane . he be trap . there be vast flat stone altar like a wheel in the centre of the hall where the cloak figure of a man be crouch over the body tie down to the stone . the shadow seem to be draw to he , a darkness that cling and circle about he . there 's the glint of a knife in he hand . kane malachi ! ! the sorcerer turn to kane . he speak with surpass smoothness - he voice be velvet yet mock , seductive and powerful . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 198 malachi welcome home Solomon . do you like what I have do with the place ? kane it will look better with you head on a spike over the gate . malachi suddenly slip away from the altar and vanish into the shadow . kane , sword ready , wait for a sudden attack but none come . nervously he approach the altar . channel have be cut into the stone to allow they blood to flow into a deep well that seem to have somehow grow from the foundation stone . a pulsing sound , like a giant heartbeat , come from within - along with the sound of soul in torment agony . the place be crust with the blood of hundred . body part and corpse be hang from the wall amongst demonic symbol and writings . kane dear god , how could this happen ? then he see movement on the altar . a victim be still alive . he hurry to help they and see ... ... it be meredith . she be barely conscious ; batter and bloody . her clothes be tear , she ankle and wrist tie down amongst the other victim . kane thank god. meredith ? she open she eye . meredith I pray you would come for I . kane I swore I would . he cut one hand free and start on the other when ... ... he suddenly wince in pain as a sword blade pierce through he shoulder . meredith Solomon ! the blade be yank out again roughly . kane can hardly get he breath through the pain as he turn and see he brother . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 199 another deadly blow sweep in . instinctively he raise he own weapon and block the strike but it send he reeling backwards . meredith desperately unty she other bond . marcus advance mercilessly as kane limp away . kane Marcus ... listen ; if you can hear I ... brother ! you do not have to do this ... Marcus attack furiously , stabbing and slashing at kane who defend himself and back away . kane where be you master ? be he hide in the shadow ? ( shouting out ) be this how you pay for you power ? with the blood of innocent ? malachi 's voice echoe through the great hall . malachi 0 /s all power be pay for with the blood of innocent . you know that better than any . the figure of malachi , the sorcerer , appear at the end of the hall . swathed in dark cloth and draw the shadow with he as he move . malachi see who be here for you kane . malachi pull back a huge cloth that cover a vast black mirror . four time the height of a man , it too be etched in the spell and symbol of the other . but it be what be wait inside that take kane 's breath ... a demon be there . huge but trap behind the magical surface of the mirror ; it be like a trap beast , push at the surface that bulge and ripple , barely hold back its enormous power . malachi this demon will not fail to take you soul back to Hell . and just a little more blood kane , and it will be free . kane be frighten now . desperate . he turn back to Marcus urgently . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 119 kane we father be dead ! malachi have no control here any more . malachi 0/s remember Solomon , you brother be the heir . and I be he master . his brother close on kane again but now kane draw he second sword and fight back with everything he have . on meredith : meredith have freed herself and scramble away , watch in horror as event unfold . on kane : kane back away from Marcus down a corridor of black mirror . he duck beneath a devastating roundhouse sword swing that shatter a black mirror , send shard everywhere . the break demon within scream as it vanish . malachi 0 /s the mirror ! no ! on meredith : she stumble to the door of the hall . she pull it open only to reveal the horde of guard press in . the leader of the Guards hold the severe head of telford , mcness and the other before they . meredith scream and retreat . on kane : corridor of mirror Marcus swing he massive sword back and forth at kane who duck and step back each time . and each time another mirror smashes , send another demon back to hell . then suddenly kane thrust hard with he own sword penetrate he brother 's flesh . but no blood come out and the warrior show no sign of he injury . Marcus grab kane and draw he close , into a deadly embrace . the life be slowly squeeze from he . up close , kane can hear he brother 's rattling breath and strange rasp sound come from behind the mask kane forgive I for what I do to you . kane struggle against the impossible strength of he brother , scrabbling at he armour and finally get a hand to he mask ... Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett a kane I would see you face one last time brother . as he tear the mask away Marcus hurl kane away . kane fall to he knee but look up at he brother horrify at what he see . kane my god ... it be clear that he brother be nothing more than a animated corpse . one side of he face be smashed in and he jaw be mostly tear away . a lidless eyeball stare out from a disfigure and distort face . the flesh be white and bloodless with tear in the skin stitched and poorly repair . kane ( yell to malachi ) what have you do to he ?! ( to Marcus ) brother please , let I kill this man who have curse you . I will lay you soul to rest . be there just a flicker of something human within Marcus ... slowly , lower he sword and relax he fight stance ... but malachi smother it quickly . malachi kill he slave ! I command you . I order the demon within you ; destroy he . almost involuntarily Marcus begin to surge towards kane again . as the ferocious sword blow sweep down , kane grab a tall , flame torch and drive it into Marcus 's chest . with all he own weight behind it Marcus stop dead . the flame brand burst on he clothing , ignite he in second . soon marcus be engulfed in FIRE . but it doe not stop he . the reaper be push ever harder against he mirror prison wall . with every violent blow on the glass it bulge out more every time . angle on meredith : she be back away from the guard as they close in on she ... right into malachi . he sweep she into he cloak arm ... muffle she scream . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 112 meredith Solomon ! malachi ( to meredith ) just a little more blood . angle on kane : but kane see this . kane no! meredith ! kane be focus on meredith but just in time he realise that Marcus be right behind he . his sword arc down towards kane who dodge out of the way . kane pary more blow as the burn man press towards he . on meredith : malachi be drag meredith towards the reaper 's giant mirror . she 's struggle and fight he hard . on kane : kane once again press in on Marcus , relentlessly force he back towards the sacrificial table . the room be beginning to ignite now , drape and fabric flare up . tables and chair catch as the two fight . on meredith : malachi finally overpower meredith . he take she arm and slashes the flesh with he knife . her blood splashes onto the reaper 's mirror . immediately it begin to melt through the glass , create a open . the beast begins to slowly tear OPEN the rent in the glass . on kane : kane now press hard on the weaken Marcus . he 's cut and slice at he and smash each and every mirror they pass . the howl of the demon fade within . kane see the reaper tear through the glass . the SOUND of it like a shrieking wind fill the hall . the flame all around be suck towards it like a vacuum . finally Marcus sink to he knee . through the fire that burn he , stare at kane . Marcus speak in he faint , weak voice . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 113 marcus kill I Solomon ; end my torture . I beg you . kane draw he strength together and finally see something akin to recognition in he brother 's eye . kane Rest in peace brother . kane slice marcus head from he shoulder . the demon that possess he body squirm out of the ragged hole in he neck . kane can see it clearly . kane this eye of mine see you for what you be . he stab the demon and it die , screeching , beneath he twist blade . malachi no ! instantly all the guard and raider begin to falter and collapse as the demonic power that drive they fade . kane charge forward to confront malachi now . behind he the reaper in the mirror be beginning to enter this world . malachi pull meredith to he , knife to she throat . kane stop dead . malachi this be how the boy die . I see that through you brother 's eye . you begge for he life but do nothing . kane I will not let it happen again . malachi you have no choice . you soul be forfeit . I call him here to claim you . kane let she go . malachi I think , just one more drop of blood will do it . kane stop. Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett a 4 kane lower he sword to the ground . meredith kill he Solomon . kane let she go . malacht why do you care for she ? you come here to save you soul . kane she be my soul . kane whip out the flintlock pistol that have be tuck into he belt , level it at malachi and fire . the bullet hit he square between the eye , splatter blood and gore onto the mirror . meredith twist round and violently shove malachi backwards and he fall into the glass , tumble backwards in the black void . instantly the reaper be utterly free to step through into this realm . its cloven foot step through the glass and crash onto the stone castle floor . the shriek wind rise in tone . kane dash forward and pull meredith to safety , back away from the demon as it pull itself into they world and draw itself fully upright before they . they stand , roote to the spot . meredith , terrify but kane fearless and unwaver before it meredith dear God , what will we do , Solomon ?! please ! we must run ! kane no. wait . trust I . and even as the terrifying , predatory face of the reaper glare down at they , a thousand crack begin to appear on it . second later the demon shatter , its myriad piece be suck back into the black mirror surface and then that too , fold and bend back in on itself until it fade toa singularity and then vanish . nothing but the ornate frame remain . the shriek wind fade to a echo in the great hall as kane fold meredith into he arm . finally she look up at he . 102 Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 11 meredith how do you know ? kane you father ; tell I that if I save you my soul would be redeeme . I believe he . fade to black : ext . headland - sunset 102 kane , he wound bandage and he clothes repair , bow he head in prayer as he kneel before two fresh grave on the windswept cliff top overlook the endless expanse of ocean . the last rest place of he Father and brother finally he stand and reach for the TRAVEL bag that be nearby . a horse , ready for travel , be graze calmly nearby . behind the he the castle that be he home dominate the horizon . a figure be racing towards he . meredith Solomon ! he turn to she and wait silently as she approach . meredith Solomon , where be you go ? I do not understand why you be leave . kane I be sorry . meredith but you win ; you defeat they . ( still nothing from he ) this be you home . kane it be once . meredith it can be again . we can make it a home together . kane look down the cliff to the sea and the jag rock below . kane this be where my brother fall . ( a beat ) what I do to Marcus here , begin this journey . Solomon kane by Michael J. bassett 116 meredith you journey be over Solomon . kane it 's not over . not yet . ( a beat ) all my travel , the thing I have see , the thing I have do ... through this I have find my purpose . I know why I be here . she do not understand . she do not want to . kane come close to she now . kane there be evil creature walk this earth , meredith . they bring such pain and suffer and there be never a man who could fight they . but I can . I can . it be my gift and I will hunt they down and send each and every one back to hell . kane look down at meredith . for a brief moment there be a long in he eye , she see this and move closer . meredith please do not go . gently he pull away . kane I have to . one day I promise I 'il come home again but not until my work be do . he turn from she and sling he bag onto the horse . his sword and brace of pistol be visible now as he pull himself up onto the saddle . without look back he ride away . meredith watch for a long time , until kane be lose against the darken horizon . fade to black . credit roll .