" solstice " - the screenplay screenplay by Jerry A. vasilatos copyright , 1993 Jerry vasilatos & nitestar production fade in : 1 . ext . belmont neighborhood - night a full moon glow in the sky . as we tilt downward , Christmas light twinkle silently in the window of a courtyard brownstone . the cold December wind howl forlornly . although the street be empty , christmas caroler can be see sing in front of one of the building . as the caroler move along , a woman appear . Grocery in tow , she make she way through the courtyard of she building approaching the doorway . fumble with she key , she enter . 2 . int . courtyard build foyer - night adjusting a small lightbulb on the wall in the foyer so that she can see , the woman begin for the staircase but stop on see a small package that 's be leave at its base . the package be two -tier . wrapped in green , it be tightly secure by a bright red ribbon and bow . underneath the ribbon , a white envelope peek out with the name " kristine " write on it . the woman shake she head in disbelief and approach the gift slowly . after kneel to scoop it up , she gaze at it for a moment and after tear open the card , discover it be sign : " with love , nick . " sigh heavily in exasperation , kristine scowl . CUT to : 3 . int . apartment bedroom - early a.m. the bedroom lay quiet . although the drape have be draw to keep out the first ray of sunlight , it be grey and overcast outside . against one wall on a mattress , a unseen lump slumber uneasily beneath twisted bed sheet . near the bed , we can see the soft neon glow of a digital clock radio on the nightstand shift from 6:59 to 7:00 . in a instant , the morning newscast fill the room - newscaster ( on radio ) ... EBS news , with news from around the world . it 's seven a.m. in Chicago this Christmas Eve , come up in this half hour , peace in the middle east be threaten as jewish and arab funda - mentalist group clash in Jerusalem , leave fifteen dead and twelve injure . atheist group continue to boycott at daley Plaza in opposition to the city 's annual holiday display ... a hand reach out for the alarm clock from beneath the cover as the sleeper stir . 4 . ext . apartment build - morning a Chicago newspaper with the headline auto plant lay off 50,000 worker lie on the stoop . a byline story add economy can't find yule cheer . another story at the bottom of the page read church robbed of christ child statue . the paper be date december 24th . a figure exit the foyer in a robe and slipper . reaching down , he pick up the paper and glance at the front page . 26 . a young man still , despite a crease brow and weariness in he eye suggest more than just a lack of sleep . meet nick allman . turn to head back in , he straighten a crooked christmas wreath hang on the front door . 5 . ext . chicago CITY STREET - morning the skyline of Chicago loom wide - shoulder beneath a steel grey sky . dreary be a understatement - this be a Chicago winter . on Lake shore drive , a rain and dirt streak celica drift along a entry ramp signal it 's intention to merge with oncoming traffic . once clear , it quickly enter the open lane and be almost side - sweep by a speed mazda zx . 6 . int . nick's celica - morning reacting instantly to avert a collision , Nick watch as the driver of the Mazda pass , honk he horn and flip he off . nick jeeesus ... incredulous , Nick look around to re-affirm whether or not he be in the right . on the car radio , the phil spector version of " sleigh ride " can be hear . twist the wheel sharply , Nick angrily fix he gaze on the car that have almost run he off the road and fill with adrenaline , he hit the gas . 7 . ext . lake shore drive - morning Nick 's car gun forward in a effort to catch up and pass the speed Mazda . 8 . int . nick's celica - morning close the distance between himself and the Mazda , Nick suddenly hit the brake - nick's Pov as a police car pull out from the side of the road in pursuit of the zx . back on nick who smirk and salute the driver of the sportscar as he pass by - nick and a merry Christmas to you too my friend - 9 . ext . lake shore drive - morning Nick 's laughter can be hear as he car speed on towards downtown . 10 . int . nick's office - day within a office cubicle , Nick gaze lethargically at the computer screen on he desk . around he , fellow employee carry out they task within the large ad agency they all occupy . nick flip off he computer , he co-worker jay enter with some folder - jay hey hey ... nick hey jay . jay what 's up nick nothing . I just finish up that ad for that stupid mailing . jay how 's it go ? nick not good enough for a raise - surprise , jay sit on the edge of the desk . jay you get you review ? Nick nod , look up at he friend . nick this morning . of all day , can you believe that ? ( beat ) you be due for one , right ? jay Nah , I have not be here long enough . two more month - nick ( sarcastically ) two month ... two year ... I be begin - ing to think we can never be here long enough for that " raise " ... jay commiserate with Nick . jay I can not believe it ... I mean , you ad copy 's great , the mail piece be sound ... it 's all bring in business ... nick yeah , well ... not enough I guess . ( more to himself ) I can not believe I go to college , get a degree ... all it 's get I be the chance to pimp for this ad agency . jay begin to laugh but on see Nick 's impassive demeanor , catch himself . jay Nick , it 's Christmas Eve . you know - holiday spirit ... be of good cheer ? Nick snort . nick " God Rest ye merry gentlemen " be about all I can think of right now , that and the ghost of bill past , present , and future . I just wish I can get out of here so I can finish up shopping for my family - Nick shrug . nick I be sorry man , I do not mean to trash you mood . it 's just that I be ... jay a little short on Christmas spirit . nick ( dejectedly ) yeah . jay pull aside the folder he 's carry to reveal a flat , brightly wrap Christmas gift . jay well ... maybe this will help . Nick be take totally aback . jay pass the gift along , pleased at himself for have cheer up he friend somewhat . nick aw jay ... you should not have ... jay but I do . Nick look the package over . nick look jay , I do not have a chance to do any shopping for anyone here ... I ... I do not get anything for anyone - jay smile chidingly . jay I figure that . Nick smile crookedly and look over the package . nick should I open it now ? jay consider you mood I would say the sooner , the better . Nick tear away at the wrapping . jay it 's nothing fancy or anything , just something I pick up at a use book - store . Nick hold up a book entitle " how to break into film " . he laugh . nick be I that obvious ? jay nod at some of the movie poster tack to the wall of Nick 's cubicle . jay I know you be always look ahead . Nick flip through the book gratefully . nick yeah . just do not tell anyone around here , they would probably can I before I could get something real line up . jay chuckle . nick thanks man . this 's really make my day . jay smile , shake Nick 's hand and get up to leave . jay ( look at he watch ) no problem man . I gotta fly ... I be meeting tammy - merry Christmas . nick yeah , you too . Nick watch after jay , look down again at he gift and then leave within the solitude of he cubicle , gather he thing together - 11 . ext . downtown chicago - afternoon around the area of the Loop where Nick 's office be situate , Christmas shopper bustle as the last minute rush begin . Nick walk out of he office building towards Michigan Avenue and pass a salvation army worker . salvation army worker help the needy sir ? Nick toss a few coin into the pot . salvation army volunteer thank you , you have a merry Christmas - nick yeah ... as Nick continue on , he approach a bag lady . dress in layer and ratty clothing , she seem to carry all of she belonging in the shopping basket she drag behind she . bag lady could you spare some change sir ? it will help with the downpayment on my new condo ... ( beat ) please ... Nick slow he step . disarm by the woman 's self - efface humor , he can not help but be charme by she approach while still sympathize with the seriousness of she plight . digging deep into he pocket , Nick pull out a five and pass it to the woman . bag lady thank you sir . merry Christmas ! Nick nod . pause to watch she move on , Nick pull he coat collar close as a sudden wind kick up . he then continue on down the street . 12 . int . nick's celica - late afternoon Nick guide he car through lincoln Park towards Broadway . through he windshield , he take in the image of a christmas montage - nick's Pov outside . traffic fill the street . holiday banner hang from streetlamp while string of Christmas light twinkle from the branch of barren tree . ignoring the signal , some pedestrian walk into the street cause even more congestion . on the sidewalk , a man dress in a Santa Claus suit ring a bell to attract last minute shopper . he wave as Nick pass . up the street , shopper bustle hurriedly in and out of the various storefront oblivious of each other . one woman with two kid in tow argue angrily with a meter may who be about to issue she a ticket because the meter just expire . at another corner , a couple just off work meet and enter a bar for a drink with some friend before retire home for the evening . they ignore a disabled panhandler begging near the door . passing a cemetery Nick see a solitary old man kneel . laying a wreath at the grave of he decease wife , he then rise and cross himself . as it start to get dark Nick see a Christmas tree lot close up shop . along the sidewalk , some indigent people shuffle slowly in no particular hurry since they have no home to go to . 13 . int . electronics store - early evening Nick gaze almost hypnotically at the array of walkmen , headsets and other electronic toy in front of he . the price tag , wrap in holiday bow , be astronomical . a clerk come up . clerk can I help you sir ? Sir , can I help you find something ? Nick fixate on the display , he attention a million mile away . clerk Sir . be there something I can help you find ? Nick glance at the clerk , at once snap out of he daze . nick oh ... no . ( sheepishly ) if I can not find it myself , I do not think you could help I . pat the clerk 's shoulder gently , Nick move towards the door . nick thanks anyway though . 14 . int . nick's apartment - early evening a key be hear at the door . in a instant , Nick enter the creative hodgepodge of he darken apartment and in flipping on the light , reveal all of he dream and frustration . in the livingroom , a draw board stand in mute testimony to the dozen of sketches in various state of completion tape to it . along with Nick 's graduation certificate , some frame movie poster on the wall overlook a entire shelf burst at its seam with movie book . in the front room , a cluttere PC workstation be situate between a artificial fireplace and steam up bay window . pile on top of the television cabinet nestle in one corner be some videotape while next to where the couch be , a dwarf -size Christmas tree decorate with dimestore ornament tilt uneasily to one side . nick dump he package on the couch . pass a array of holiday greeting card display atop the fireplace , he move some papers aside on he desk to reveal a answering machine . undoing he coat , he push playback - answering machine ... hello Nick , this be you Mom . you sister and brother just get in and we be wonder when we be all go to see you . please let we ... please let I know when you will be come home so I can make up you room . we all miss you . the machine beep to the next message . answering machine hey dude , it 's buddy . a bunch of we be meeting at d'agostino 's to - night around 6:30 for a drink before head home for Christmas . give I a call ... let I know if you be come . later ... a sudden pound be hear at the front door , startling Nick . stop the answer machine , he go over to open it and find kristine stand beyond . she glare at he harshly . in she hand be the two package that be leave in she foyer the night before . kristine I think we talk about this . attempt to avoid kristine 's wrath , Nick sheepishly avert he attention elsewhere . nick yeah . um ... you want to come in ? not answer , kristine enter . shut the door behind she , Nick uncomfortably begin to tidy up some thing as she fold she arm . kristine Nick , we talk about this . you just never listen ... Nick stand stare at kristine , measure how to respond . nick for Christ 's sake kristine , what be I suppose to do , just forget about you ? kristine we be not go out anymore , I tell you not to get I anything . Nick be at a loss for word . her rage vent , kristine soften a bit , but do not stand down . kristine why do you do it ? a long beat pass in which Nick collect he thought . he then reply quietly - nick it 's Christmas . I think it would be the right thing to do . kristine pace frustratedly . kristine oh come on Nick . this be not about Christmas . you go out and buy I a necklace , and a tape of a movie we watch together during a different time ... how be I suppose to take this ? nick kristine , I get you the necklace , because I think it would look good on you . I buy you the movie because I know it be one of you favorite from when you be a little girl ... Nick throw he arm up . nick why do we have to argue about this ? it make sense to get they because I figure they would be thing you would like ... kristine ( quietly ) but I tell you I could not accept anything from you - nick ( angry now ) that be after I buy they . you do not want they , fine . give they away . throw they away . but I will be damned if I be gonna return a Christmas gift that I buy for somebody . anybody , not just you . ( frustrated ) God why do you have to make such a big deal out of this ? kristine because it always seem that you be call , or do thing for reason you be not be up front about . Nick plop down wearily onto the sofa . nick and just what be I not be " up front " about ? kristine wanting to get back together . manipulate Christmas for some - thing else . Nick stare at she , then look down , cornere by some of the truth in she statement . he massage he temple as kristine sit down next to he . kristine ( gently ) I be not try to be mean . I think it 's very sweet of you . but some - time I do not think even you realize some of the reason why you do the thing you do , and it 's always go to make I keep my distance . that 's why I tell you not to get I anything . that 's why it make I uncomfortable . concentrate on the wall , Nick try to gather he thought , then speak - nick kristine , I know you be not go home for Christmas , I want to do something nice . ( he voice crack a little ) I do not get through Christmas very well . be alone do not make it any easier . silence . outside , the wind howl through the apartment 's crack . kristine Nick ... I get lonely too this time of year , I know it 's hard ... but think about the past be dangerous . this relationship do not work . we do thing too differently . it make I sad to think that , when I can be - member all of the thing we share . nick ( glumly ) like we hard head . disarm momentarily , kristine allow a smile . kristine like we hard head . ( regain she composure ) we have gotta stop do this . kristine rise , hold out the necklace and tape to Nick . nick I do not have the receipt . kristine shake she head . kristine please Nick . no more . Nick nod . the storm between they have pass , despite the delicate truce . he get up and walk she to the door . kristine what be you plan this evening ? nick I do not know yet . how ' bout you ? kristine I be have dinner with my room - mate and she family , then I be head out for midnight mass with they in the suburb . nick sound like a blast . the two stop at the door . kristine well ... I figure it 's the best place to get my head together with everything else be the way it be . nick yeah ... not know how to say goodbye , Nick shift awkwardly . nick well. merry Christmas . a beat pass . caught up in she emotion , kristine embrace Nick suddenly , hold he close . kristine merry Christmas Nick . Nick watch after kristine as she exit the apartment and then close the door slowly . after pace the length of the livingroom , he kick a metal waste can across the room and then survey the sudden emptiness in he apartment - 15 . ext . d'agostino be bar - evening some car pass this cozy little wrigleyville saloon know as d'agostino 's. barkeep ( v.o . ) last call ...! 16 . int . d'agostino be bar - evening in the corner of the back room , a television set tune in to " it's a wonderful life " rest on top of a wooden perch jutting out from the wall . below it , Nick sit exasperate over a beer before he pal buddy and some other friend who have gather to share a last minute drink to toast the holiday - buddy ( to Nick ) ... I be really sorry man . you two still gonna keep in touch ? nick I do not know ! it 's a little hard try to salvage something , when I still can not figure out why we go bad in the first place ! buddy squint he eye at Nick , try to keep up - nick you know what I mean ? a beat pass . buddy kind of . Nick snort derisively at himself . nick well . maybe I just gotta let it go and give it a rest . look at he friend empathetically , buddy try to offer he some word of solace . buddy no . no , I do understand . re - member last year when I break up with Jennifer just before the holiday ? I never think I would get through it if it be not for my family . that 's what the holiday be for man , that 's what you have gotta concentrate on , be you family . ( raise he beer ) have not you be home yet ? nick no . I manage put it off ' till tomorrow . disappointed by Nick 's attitude , buddy shake he head with a disapprove look . nick ( defensively ) oh , c'mon buddy , you know how my family be . everybody 's so busy talk , nobody ever listen - ( beat ) it 's not anyone 's fault , it 's just that ... everything 's already so stress out that christmastime , just make it worse . buddy you would think twice about say that if you ever lose they . Nick stare at buddy a moment , then look down . buddy when my mom get diagnose with cancer this year , all I could think about be how important it be to be home with she , because none of we know how much more time she have . that 's when you realize everything else be really bullshit , when all the thing that make sense look like they be just about to be yank out from under you ! and look at she now ... she 's in remission ! Nick look back up at he friend , recognize the truth in what he say . nick ( quietly ) thank God for that . buddy nod . it 's obvious that almost lose he mother have leave a everlast impression . buddy you know it . she fight it all the way and win . he lift he beer . buddy to my mom . Nick raise he bottle . nick God bless she . sipping from they drink , the two silently ponder it all . on the television set above , GEORGE bailey sit at martini be bar praying for a miracle . notice , buddy yell up at the barkeep - buddy hey Bob !!! be not anything else on ? bob the bartender hold up the remote control and aim it at the television . flip channel only reveal " it 's a wonderful life " on almost every other station although at different point in the movie . everyone in the bar howl with laughter . buddy lean back to pull a few bill from he pocket while Nick contemplate George Bailey 's dilemma . buddy ( signal Nick to rise ) Christmas be what you make of it pal . if Jimmy Stewart can get through it , so can the rest of we . 17 . ext . addison & southport - night Nick and buddy leave d'agostino 's while exchange " goodby " and " merry christmase " with they other friend . as the group separate and the light in the bar grow dim , the two start down the icy street . nick you know what really suck buddy , be that even if stuff be great with my family , even if I be still on decent term with kristine , even if I be halfway satisfied with my job , something still would not seem right . buddy like what ? nick like everything ! take a look around we , everybody 's hurt ! I see this bag lady today , all she want be some money so she could eat ... buddy well do you give she something ? nick yeah I give she something ... but do it matter ? be it gonna make a difference ? buddy ( firmly ) as long as you put forth the effort , it do ... buddy examine he friend , not sure of what other comfort he can offer . he then hold he hand out . buddy come on ... a beat pass . extend he hand , Nick shake with buddy . nick ( sighing ) yeah , well ... thanks for listen . buddy you have be there just as many time for I . merry Christmas " Saint Nick " ... get home safely . nick I will . the friend part . as buddy disappear down the street . Nick look up at the moon . nick no snow . ( beat ) it should snow for Christmas . as Nick gaze up into the night sky , a couple pass intent on get somewhere on time . distract by they , he watch as they scurry past and see they destination , follow after they . 18 . ext . music BOX theater on southport - night follow after the couple , Nick find himself in front of the music BOX theater , a small , refurbish movie palace situate in the middle of the neighborhood . beneath the marquee , a group of people stand in line wait to buy ticket . look up , Nick see the word : " white christmas " " wonderful life " x-mas sing -along a group of high schooler carry jingle bell catch Nick 's attention . as they notice he , they all chime " merry Christmas " . Nick nod , indicate the theater . nick which one 's play next ? high schooler " it 's a wonderful life . " last show too ... nick why would you pay to see " it 's a wonderful life " when you can see it at home for free ? high schooler be you kid ? they sing Christ - mas carol right before the show ! come on , you will have some fun ... nick ah ... I do not know ... sense that Nick be alone on Christmas Eve , the kid try coerce he into check out the show . kide come on ... high schooler but you will need one of this - the girl pass he one of the jingle bell string . Nick study they amusedly . nick thanks . high schooler make sure you put they to good use ! as the high schooler move on , Nick shake he head and look back at the other holiday reveler surround he . intrigue at they enthusiasm , he clutches the jingle bell close and get in line to buy a ticket . 19 . int . music BOX auditorium - night the house light be dim . excite audience member have already fill the small movie palace . along the auditorium wall , garland and ornament decorate the terra cotta facade reminiscent of a ornate Spanish village . in the back of the theater , Nick enter with he jingle bell . up near the front , lyric be project onto the screen while a organist play a huge wurlitzer and the theater manager both guide the audience through the last verse of " santa claus be coming to town " . as the song finish , the audience roar its approval . theater manager that be great !!! once again , I want to welcome you all to we annual holiday sing along !!! if you have not be here for this before , although something tell I most of you have , all you have to do be follow along with the lyric on the screen as we previous song take on a different ... " twist " - as the organist begin , the theater be filled with the power of the wurlitzer 's old - fashioned sound . energize by it , Nick take a seat as the theater manager lead the audience in a alternate version of " santa claus be coming to town " with lyric behind he on the immense screen that concentrate on the holiday more ironic aspect - manager and audience " oh , you would better get set , to cough up some dough ... here 's the sad news in case you do not know ... Santa Claus be come ... to town .... " Nick laugh . manager and audience " you wife get the gift ... the kid get the thrill ... first of the year you will get all the bill ... Santa Claus be come , to town !!! " as Nick watch the crowd around he , he catch sight of the high schooler who smile and wave they bell at he . manager and audience ( cont . ) " ... and you will be very lucky ... if right at Christmas time ... old Santa Claus bring you a tie from the well know five and dime ... " pull he bell out , Nick wave they back and follow suit as the theater manager wind the audience towards the finale - manager and audience ( cont . ) " oh , you be gonna be break so smile and sit still , if he do not get you income tax will ... Santa Claus be come ... to town !!! " the audience applaud wildly . as they die down , the manager continue . theater manager if you be here for the last film , you should already have this one down . put you heart into it , because you never know what magic it will cause ... " white christmas " be play . as Nick sing along with the audience , we can tell he seem to finally be fill with some warmth . as the song wind down , a special film loop in the projection booth cause it to look as if it 's snowing within the theater . still sing , the audience member throw they hand together in wild approval . as the song end , the curtain part to reveal the familiar image of the LIBERTY film logo while the first strain of the open music to " it's a wonderful life " can be hear - theater manager that be great !!! from the Music box staff to you and yours , have a safe and happy holiday , and thanks again for come !!! as the manager and organist depart from the auditorium , Nick applaud with the rest of the audience as the film begins - 20 . ext . music BOX theater - late night outside , a mild snowfall that have already accumulate two inch make the Music box theater and all of southport Avenue look like a postcard . even after the show end , small flake continue fall as the audience member stream out . exiting the theater , Nick look around and smile . he be definitely in better spirit . 21 . ext . southport avenue - late night as Nick begin he journey home through the snow , he see a little girl gaze out from she open apartment window along the avenue reach out and catch snowflake . as she catch sight of he , Nick smile at she and wave up . little girl hey mister . nick merry Christmas ! hey ... you be careful up there ! little girl have you see Santa Claus ? nick no , not yet . it 's still early though . I be sure he will be along while you be asleep . little girl I do not know . momma do not think he will come . Nick 's eyebrow raise , a little stunne by she statement . wonder what she mean , he carefully press . nick well why do you momma think that ? the little girl shrug . little girl she say first he have to visit the family whose daddy be work . nick oh. do not you daddy work ? little girl no . he 's dead . my momma work though . Nick gaze speechlessly at the little girl . as he put two and two together realize what hard time the little girl 's widow mother must be face , she suddenly appear next to she daughter . look a little haggard , the young mother pick she daughter up . mother come on honey , it 's time to go to bed - think quickly , Nick dig into he coat pocket - nick wait ! the mother look down , notice Nick for the first time . wary , she begin to lower the window . nick please , hold on ... the mother pause . mother what do you want ? nick well , you little girl tell I how you do not think Santa Claus be come ... the mother 's face tense . a combination of shame and resentment . before she can answer though , Nick have pull the jingle bell from he pocket . nick since he 's so busy , he be not sure if he would be able to get everywhere either , but I see he . the little girl 's eye brighten . nick yeah !!! I see he , and he give I this , and he want to make sure that you get they ... Nick take a step back and toss the jingle bell up towards the window . they bounce off the wall and fall back down to hit Nick on the head . nick ( grab they ) wait a minute . get ready now ... catch !!! he throw the bell again , clear the window . as they pass through , the little girl grab they - nick ( pleased with himself ) you take care of that ... they belong to rudolph ! little girl see mommy , I tell you Santa would bring something ! Nick look up at the mother nervously , not know what to expect . nick I hope I be not out of place there . I ... the mother shake she head and hold she lip tight for fear of cry . not wishing to embarrass the woman , Nick quickly move on . watch after he thankfully , she shut she window and move out of view . dissolve to : 22 . ext . six corner - late night Nick walk through the silent snow sweep street . around he , the three street belmont , lincoln and ashland crisscross . at the street ' juncture be a wide open intersection overwhich the abandon hulk of a out -of- business department store loom . Christmas decoration be visible on some building , as well as twinkle light . the avenue itself though , with the exception of one or two pass car , be barren . nick look up at the sky , focus on the constellation . one star shine brighter than the other , twinkling in the night . Nick snort cynically . for a moment though , he suddenly imagine that he hear angel sing . realizing that the idea be absurd , he focus back on the street and see beyond the darken storefront a gothic church spire cut upwards through the low drift cloud . curious as to the origin of the sing , Nick start walk - 23 . ext . ST . alphonsus church - midnight Nick find himself stand in front of ST . alphonsus church . blankete with snow , the scale of the structure be humbling as be the facade . on each of the four wall situate at the base of the steeple , a Roman numeral clock face bear the time 12 o'clock midnight . Nick gaze at the open door of St. alphonsus . a few latecomer can be see arrive . drifting towards the step , Nick join they rank and enter . 24 . int . ST . alphonsus church - midnight the church be only half - full , not quite match the number see earlier within the Music box . a choir sing " o holy night " in a loft at the rear . enter from the back , Nick look about take in the solid stone column and meticulously varnish woodwork . intersperse along the wall between a half - dozen confessional be brass plaque depict the station of the cross . overlook the altar be a stain glass window with a giant crucifix hang in front of it . off and to the side be a small nativity crèche . pass some worshipper , Nick advance respectfully up a side aisle towards the front of the church so that he may get a better view of the crèche . approach it , he stop to notice that the christ child figure be miss . Nick look around at the congregation gather for the midnight service . no one seem to notice that the Christ child figure be go . distress by this , Nick glance around for a usher and on spot one , quickly shuffles over . nick ( whisper ) Excuse I - the usher notice Nick . usher yes ? nick the Christ child figure ... the usher look at Nick quizzically . nick it 's just that ... you Christ child figure be miss . the usher nod she head in affirmation , totally unruffled . Nick be incredulous . nick I be sorry , but have not anybody notice ? usher oh yes , it 's be miss since yesterday . some teenager steal it from Father jacobse , although I can not imagine what they plan on do with it - nick be have a hard time deal with the usher 's complacency in the matter . around they , the congregation have quiete for the priest who have appear , prepare to start he sermon . nick ( to usher ) it 's Christmas Eve ! be not anybody upset about it ? the usher look at Nick with a serenity in she eye that speak volume - usher the child may be miss , but he spirit be still in we heart . mesmerized by the service around he and the people that have come together in worship , Nick glance towards the altar as father jacobse begin . father jacobse although many of we face troubled time this day , we must always keep in mind that Christmas , be not the holiday where we get what we want ... but when we get what we need ... as the impact of Father jacobse 's word hit Nick like a hammer , he be suddenly transport back to the event of the past twelve hour - flashback jay pass he gift along to Nick - nick thanks man . this 's really make my day . jay smile , shake Nick 's hand and get up to leave . jay ( look at he watch ) no problem man . I gotta fly ... I be meeting tammy - merry Christmas . nick yeah , you too . flashback Nick dig into he pocket and pull out some money for the bag lady - bag lady thank you sir . merry Christmas ! flashback buddy counsels Nick at d'agostino 's - buddy ... that 's what the holiday be for man , that 's what you have gotta concentrate on , be you family . ( raise he beer ) have not you be home yet ? flashback kristine embrace Nick , hold he close . kristine merry Christmas Nick . flashback the high school girl pass Nick one of she jingle bell string . high schooler make sure you put they to good use ! flashback Nick throw the jingle bell up to the little girl as the mother look down thankfully . mother what do you want ? nick well , you little girl tell I how you do not think Santa Claus be come . since he 's so busy , he be not sure if he would be able to get everywhere either , but I see he . the little girl 's eye brighten . nick yeah !!! I see he , and he give I this , and he want to make sure that you get they ... flashback Nick in the electronics store , with the clerk offer assistance - clerk Sir . be there something I can help you find ? Nick glance at the clerk . nick oh ... no . ( sheepishly ) if I can not find it myself , I do not think you could help I . ( beat ) thanks anyway though . back on nick realizing what he 's be miss as Father jacobse finishes he sermon - father jacobse ... every now and then we need to look into we heart , and realize that the source of all the emptiness we sometimes feel , be in not recog - nize the true spirit of Christmas - the spirit of faith ... the spirit of goodwill ... and the spirit of under - stand - nick's eye glaze over wiping they quickly , he take a position at the nearest available pew . as the choir begin sing they energy practically illuminate the church with light - 25 . ext . ST . alphonsus church - christmas the Christmas service at St. alphonsus let out . exiting the church amongst the other worshipper , Nick pass the usher who joyfully shake he hand - usher merry Christmas ! Nick nod , and reflect in he expression be a renew sense of optimism not only for himself , but all mankind . nick thanks . 26 . ext . nick's apartment - christmas Nick make he way home down the silent snow sweep street . climb up the step of he building , he let himself through the first set of door and enter the foyer . 27 . int . nick's apartment foyer - christmas Nick fumble with he key in the dimly light entryway . as he begin to unlock the second door , he hear a light knock from behind he . turn , he see kristine stand outside . of all the people Nick expect to see at this point in the evening , kristine be the last mon he list . regain he sense quickly however , he hastily open the door . nick hey - kristine I think I would stop by to see if you still might be here ... Nick be still a little daze by she appearance . snap to , he usher she in - nick come on in ... kristine enter the foyer , Nick close the door behind they . the two face each other awkwardly - kristine I be sorry ... I try call first , but all I get be you machine - nick yeah , I be out ... a long beat pass , leave Nick to further wonder as to the meaning behind kristine 's visit . kristine herself seem uncertain . sense this , Nick break the ice - nick how be you night ... how be church ? kristine it be good ... nick yeah ... ? kristine yeah ... it be really good - ( beat ) there be just a few thing that I need to come by here and tell you tonight ... Nick gaze at kristine not know what to expect . kristine ( stammer ) I be pretty hard on you earlier and ... I keep think through the service that , regardless of what we have be through , you have always be there for I and ... she shuffles nervously , she guard now totally down . kristine ... I want you to know that I appreciate it , and ... I want to thank you - nick gaze at kristine in disbelief , thankful at the fact that a reconciliation be dawn . nick ( gently ) of course ... kristine I even try to get you something , but ... everything be close . Nick roll he eye self - effacingly - nick that 's how this whole thing start ... kristine laugh , and the two be suddenly strike by the absurdity of they situation . nick look , kristine , I be really sorry that that thing I buy you put you on the spot ... kristine just forget about it , really ... ( meeting he eye ) it 's Christmas . nick yeah ... Nick and kristine stand shiver in the cold , unwilling to part but not quite know where to go next . Nick glance outside . nick so ... how ' bout the snow ... ? kristine it 's beautiful . nick yeah . Nick look at she . nick it 's cold . she nod . nick you want to come up for a minute ? I could make you some hot chocolate - kristine umm ... yeah ... you sure ? nick yeah ! ponder uncertainly whether or not Nick 's suggestion be a wise one , kristine relent after a moment and then smile . kristine why not . nick open the door . it be a emotional moment , and despite the lesson both he and kristine have learn during this cold winter solstice , each still feel very much alone . for now though , they have find some comfort in each other through the peace that come from understanding . nick there 's just one thing I have gotta do first ... as Nick and kristine head up the staircase , the dank December wind outside howl quietly . 28 . ext . nick's apartment - christmas although it be dark , we can still see snowflake fall . Nick 's apartment dominate the frame . as we pull back from it , a light in he livingroom window go on , after which we can see he silhouetted while pick up the phone and dial - nick hi mom , it 's I ... I be sorry I be call so late . no , no , everything 's fine , really . I just want to let you to know that I will be over first thing in the morning . I love you too . merry Christmas - the camera tilt upward and then pan across toward the brightly lit chicago skyline . fade to black end credit '' 1993 Jerry vasilatos and nitestar production . the nitestar homepage and all material within be copyright 1998 by nitestar production - all rights reserved .