no. 02125 somewhere in tine ( formerly : bid time return ) revise final draft by richard matheson base on his novel bid time return kt through 2 - D #00590 somewhere in tine ee fade in ext . campus - night ~ close on aged brass plaque 1 illuminate by the light of a full moon : millfield college . faint music play ; some popular song of the day . camera with - draw to reveal the moonlit campus . couple stroll and sit on the grass , building be sporadically light . it be a peaceful scene . dissolve to series of shot ( separate by dissolves ) ~ night 2 through various view of the moon - wash campus . thick -foilage 2- D tree . manicure lawn . student together in group of vary ing size . 's the song music continue . the final shot be of tne illuniate theatre Arts Building . camera move in on a poster board in front of the building until it fill the screen . the poster read : May 19 , 1972 / the millfield College workshop / present / too much spring / a New romantic Comedy / by / Richard collier . a strip across the poard read open night . sound of a animated gather begin , gain volume . ape int . theatre ~ stage - long shot have a large group of student and adult on the open stage which still contain the set for the play , a large table from it cover with bottle of soda , can of beer , varicus chip , etc. on it ; we see student covertly pour liquor into paper cup . Music play loudly on some radio ; the song . the focus of attention be Richard collier whose pretty date stand smile contentedly beside he as he respond happily to beck and shoulder pat , handshake , hug and general ad-lib congratula ~ tion . camera move in on the group in which he stand . the follow dialogue be largely simultaneous in addition to ac - lib hubbub of party : . male student # 1 sensational , Dick ! funny as hell ! richard thanks ! glad you like it ! professor well craft , Mr. collier . you do yourself proud . richard thank you , sir . continued aeo # 00590 2 ( X ) 3 continued professor I trust you be plan to continue play write . richard absolutely . it 's all I want to do . male student # 2 hey , Dick ! you want a beer ? professor good . you be well on you way . richard {with a modest smile ) I hope so . a busty girl come up to he and hug he passionately . beverly I love it , Richard . love it . date do not dent he , beverly . beverly ( to Richard ) you do not think I be too forward , do you ? richard ( glance at she chest ) you do not have much choice . beverly titter . beverly date you gonna sell it to Broadway , Rich ? richard why not ? date ( kissing he cheek ) he 's go to be a big success . camera reach the group now ané , as it move in on richa : face , the voice begin to fade . after a while , he look t ward the auditorium at --~ a 's ue aeo #00590 3 - a female figure 4 in the shadow of a back row . richard 5 look back at the group as the dialogue flare again . ( xx professor more serious idea ? ( X ) } richard uh ... yeah ; sure . I s'pose T will -- in time . right now .... he break off as penelope , a humorously thin actress come up to he and hand he a play program cover with signature ; kiss he cheek . penelope here , love . richard hey , great ! everybody sign it ? penelope everyone but I . {broadly seductive ) I will sign it later ... in private . date over my dead body . penelope we would rather use a bed darling . laughter . mr . barker ( shaking Richard 's hand ) just want to let you know how fine a job I think you do . richard thank you , Mr. barker , 1 appre ~ ciate it . voice start to fade again as Richard look aside at the fig - ure once more . aeo #00590 4 the figure 6 watch he . we be closer to she this time but cannot iden - tify she as to appearance or age . omitted 7 series of shot 8 alternate between Richard and the woman , each shot take we closer to she though , in shaéew , we can not make out she feature . dialogue be now a rumble in the b.g. all through this sequence there be a hint undercurrent of some strangely lovely music . the woman cannot take she eye off Richard and he be mountingly aware of it , uncomfortable though try to maintain a smile facade toward the people around he . on the last shot , the woman be go from she seat . Richard react to she disappearance and look around . dialogue flare as the camera move around so that it be behind Richard . date what 's the matter , honey ? richard uh..- nothing , nothing . . {to Professor ) Excuse I , sir ? professor I be say that I have have 's a idea for a play kick around in my head for some time and think , perhaps , we might talk it over . richard ( not at all interested , but try to be polite ) oh , yes . that would he .... ( X % ) professor it 's not a heavy - minded , moralistic notion , mind you . but it could be .... suddenly the hand of the very ola woman reach into frame and touch Richard 's shoulder . it be as though he have anti~ cipate it , so abruptly do he twist around , look directly at camera , a startle expression on he face , the Professor stop talk suddenly . omitted 3 aeo 10 il #00590 5 old woman' face 1s see in full light , stare at Richard , eye glisten , ob - ( X ) viously in a state of turmoil . two shot il Richard stare back , not know what to ao ; stricken with - out understanding why . no one else know what to say either . he flinch as the Old woman press something into he right hand and lean in close to whisper to he , camera move in on Richard 's face and she lip or he ear , she whisper shake , traumatize . old woman come back to I . she turn abruptly out of frame , Richard stare after she , camera withdraw to include Richard 's date and a few of the other . : date what be that about ? Richard do not answer , stare after the woman . date you know she ? richard I never see she in my life . beverly ( sighing ) another conquest . penelope even old lady love he . what 's you secret , Richard ? he force a smile and return to the group but keep glance toward the o.s. depart woman , obviously in a state of my - tification . date what do she give you ? he hold up the object -- man 's gold watch , obviously not con - temporary . Richard look at it , grip by a sense of some ~ thing inexplicable . dialogue again , largely simultaneous : continued aeo 11 l1 - a 12 13 and 14 15 i6 #00590 6 continued 1 professor that look valuable . date that 's beautiful ! beverly who be she ? beverly date I never see she before . penelope let I see , Richard . she take the watch from Richard who look o.s. , wonder what just happen . camera hold . dissolve to ext . HOTEL road - night - the car 11l-aa be drive down the highway , then turn in at a sign read - ing : grand HOTEL . ( x ) title and credit begin . ( x} int , limousine - night - close on old woman' face 12 as she sit motionless , eye glisten with unfallen tear . camera withdraw to the front of the car to reveal a chaui- feur drive she . no music , only sound . she stare ahead . 13 omitted and 14 her point of view - shadowy outline of the HOTEL i5 ahead : a massive structure which have stand on Kingston Point since the late 1800' . ext . HOTEL ~- night 16 the limousine be brake in front of the entrance and the door - man open the back door , greeting the Old woman familiarly . she manage a smile as she move toward the front door of the hotel . kt 17 18 19 20 2i #00590 7 int . HOTEL lobby - down angle 17 as the Old woman enter and cross the lobby . elevator operator even . the Old woman do not respond . ometted 18 not . ground floor - corridor - night ig camera pan to follow as she move down the corridor . stop at a door , she unlock it . credit end . int . vestibule of suite - angle on door 20 we see the number 117 on the door as the Old woman open , then close it , and stand immobile , eye shut . Laura Roberts 's voice be hear o.s. , make the Old woman start and open she eye , turn . LAURA ( c.s. ) how be the play ? the Old woman control she emotion and start towarcé she room . Laura Roberts be on the sofa in the sit reom , wear a nightgown and robe , a book on she lap . she be forty - three , a pleasant - look woman . the room be furnish with mostly period piece . LAURA any good ? ™he Old ' loman nod , move out of frame . Laura start to speak , then do not as the o.s. door to the Old woman 's room open and close , be lock . she hesitates , then set aside she book and , rise , move to the door , camera with she . LAURA be you all right ? she wait . she be about to speak again when music start to play inside the Old woman 's reom , music to which we hear gather fragment during the dance sequence in the theatre Arts Building . Laura listen curiously . int . old woman' bedroom ~ close on record turntable 2 . camera draw up slowly to reveal the phonograph console , then continued kt 21 22 23 24 and 25 26 27 #00590 8 continued 21 pan across tre room to the window where the Old woman stand , look out . after a while , she start to sit down on a rock ing chair by the window . close on old toman 22 as she sit on the chair with a tired sigh . the look of trauma have depart now . listen to the music , it be be replace by a expression of acceptance . as she rock , camera pan down to the rocker until they £i11 the screen . sack and forth they go , back and forth . abruptly , they stop . camera hold on they as we : slowly dissolve to int . richard's apartment - live room - morning ~- close on 23 framed programm the music from the previous scene continue uninterrupted , now be play on a sophisticated stereo outfit . the pro - gram be that which penelope give Richard at the post - play party . it be somewhat fade now . camera pan to a frame playbill program ; ehviously professional . it read : February 25 , 1974 / of course I love you , don 't I ? / a New Comedy / by / Richard collier . camera pan to a second frame playbill program which read : July 5 , 1976 / dearly beliked / a New Comedy - Drama / by / Richard collier . camera pan to a third frame playbill program which read : October 14 , 1973 / passionate apathie / a New play y by / Richard collier . in evidence , next to he typewriter be a sign which read : that which you think become you world . camera pan to a open c8 ) balcony doorway . ' oqutside , stand motionless on the baicony , look out over Chicago , stand Richard collier , he back to camera . 24 omitted and 25 ext . balcony - close on richard 26 virtually expressionless as he listen to the music . the contrast between he exhuberance in the first sequence and he solemnity in this scene be total . after a while , the music shift to a transitional passage and , stir from he mood , rnichard turn back to the live room . int . live room - richard 27 as he shut the balcony door , switch off the music , eject continued kt 27 277a 27 - B #00590 3 continued the cassette from its player ; put the holder into he jacket pocket , across the well - furnish bachelor hall door , where several piece of cassette recorder - player stand , he int . corridor - richard cross to the elevator and push barely step back when the elevator door roll open and Peter mason come charge out , almost hit Richard who siderstep quickly . peter ( point at he ) ah~ha ! richard ah- ha , what ? he reach out and stop the elevator door from peter ah-ha , where be you go ? Richard enter the elevator with he luggage . richard I tell you secretary . peter never mind my secretary , tell I ! int . elevator 27 it into its holder , drop don the jacket and move apartment . reaching the luggage and a portable start to open the door . 27-a the down button . he have close . 27 - 5 as the door close and it start down . richard ( patiently ) I be go on a trip . peter where ? richard I be not sure . peter why , then ? continued kt # 00590 10 27-3 continued 27-5 richard ( uncomfortably ) I do not know that either . peter wonderful ! ( beat ) what about the play ? richard it be not do . peter ( slightly acidulous } no kid . ( beat ) will it ever be ? richard ( wearily ) I do not know , Peter . peter Richard , there be people wait for that play ! richard ( overlap ) Peter , I have get to go . 27-c int . lobby - angle on elevator door ! 27 - C as they open and Richard start out , Peter with he . camera move with they . peter ( try to adjust ) Jill go with you ? richard no , we have break up . peter ( with a unbely laugh ) ghat 's three woman in one year , Richard ! what be you try to do ... set a world 's record ? continued kt 27- C 28 and 29 29 - a through 29 - E 30 31 through 34 a-35 b-35 35 #00590 il continued 27 -c richard ( soberly ) you guess it . peter ( groan ) will you send I a picture post card ? richard {as he go outside ) sure . ' have a wonderful writer 's block . wish you be here . ' peter Richard , we have get to talk . they move off , Peter gesticulate wildly . . 28 omitted and 29 series of shot - day - richard : 29 - a through drive a fiat through morning Chicago and up into Michigan , 29 - 5 along its coast . his expression be glum . ext . fiat - coast - day - high angle moving shot 30 as it move along the coast highway , another appropriate section of the music we have hear play . 31 omitted through 34 west bluff - day - runby a-35 harbor ~ day - runby b-35 int . fiat ~ day - from behind richard 35 the music on the car cassette player . after a while , the car approach the sign which read : grand HOTEL . he glance at ( 8 ) it , then look ahead . several moment pass before he decide casually and steer toward the shoulder . he brake , look pack , wait for several car to pass , then start a U -turn . he drive back toward the entry road . ss 36 37 38 39 40 #00590 12 ext . road ~ day - angle on fiat 36 as Richard start up the entry road , impressed by what he see ahead . richard's point of view ~ the massive structure 37 which have stand on Kingston Point since the late 1800' . the same angle as the Old woman 's point of view earlier . ext , HOTEL - day 38 as Richard drive up to the entrance and brake , the angle of the shot identical to that in which the Old woman 's limousine be brake in front of the hotel . the doorman who greet Richard be the same one who greet she -~ seven year have not affect he appearance radically . int . HOTEL lobby - down angle 39 again , the same shot as in the earlier sequence -- except that Richard do not cross to the elevator but to the desk . angle on desk . 40 as Richard stop there and the desk clerk turn to greet he . clerk yes , sir . richard you have a room available ? clerk ( amused ) until the season start , we have a hundred room available . richard I will take one then . ( shrug ) I will take a suite . clerk yes , sir . for how long ? richard just tonight . ss 41 #00590 13 int . lobby ~- angle on entrance 41 as Richard enter with Arthur , a age porter who carry one of he bag . Richard carry the remainder of he luggage and the cassette recorder . arthur ( smile ) be this you first time here , mr...? richard collier . yes , it be . for some reason I never get around to come here . Heard how nice it be though . arthur oh ? when be that ? richard Seven year ago . I be go to millfield College . arthur ( interestedly ) oh , yes . ( nodd ; beat ) the student come here now and then to enjoy the restaurant -~ ( confidentially ) '' - and the room . Richard smile . arthur seem to I they hold a graduation prom here back in -~ ' 47 , be it ? richard you have be here that long ? arthur ( amused ) I have be here since 1910 . richard ( startle ) nineteen -ten ? he react to that as they stop at the elevator and the porter push the button . arthur uh-huh . come here with my parent when I be oniv five year old . my father be a desk clerk . continued ss 41 42 43 #00590 14 continued 41 arthur ( smile ) . I use to drive he insane piay ball in the lobby . ( shaking he head ) he get so mad at I sometimes . I be lucky I live to be six . ( turn ) here we go . int . elevator 42 as it stop and the operator lever open the door . Richard and Arthur get in and we see that the operator be the same one who take the Old woman up to she floor . the porter speak to he . arthur Three , George . the elevator door be close , the cage start to rise . int . third - ploor corridor - day - angle on elevator 43 the elevator stop , the door be open and Richard and Arthur exit , start along the corridor , the porter slightly in the lead . arthur what business you in , Mr. collier ? richard I write play . arthur do you ? marvelous . . ( beat ) on vacation ? richard no. just get away from thing . { X ) arthur ( chuckle ) I can tell you be not a marry man . richard ( come out of he odd mood ) no. ( pause ; smile ) and probably never will be . continued ss 43 44 and 45 45 - a 45-3 #00590 15 continued arthur ( scoffingly ) oh ; I do not believe that . good - took young man like you . ( chuckle ) it 's just a matter of time . omitted int . suite 313 - day - angle toward window footstep o.s. , then --~ arthur ( 0.s . ) get yourself a fine view here . he come into frame and open the window . reverse angle 43 44 and 45 45-8 45-5 Richard take a clip of bill from he pocket and remove the clip . he hand a five to the porter , smile . richard thank you . arthur thank you , Mr. collier . if there 's anything I can do for you , just let I know . my name be Arthur and I live in the bungalow behind the hotel . richard ( warmly ) see you around , Arthur . something about the word and how he say they make Arthur pause to look at Richard closely . richard ( smile ) what ? arthur ( pause ; curiously ) have we ever meet before ? continued ss 45 - B 46 46 - 4 through 51 S1 - a 52 53 53 - a '' 300590 16 continued 45-5 richard I do not think so . ( pause ) why ? you think we have ? Arthur look at he intently , shen shake himself out of the feel and smile . arthur no , I be sure we have not . have a nice stay here , Mr. collier . as the old man leave the room , Richard reach into he jacket pocket and take out the watch the Old woman give he . he press the stem and look at the face as the cover open . insert ~- watch ' 46 the face delicately scribe . it be past two -thirty . camera hold . 46-4 omitted through $ 1 int . lobby = later ~ richard 51 - 4 ( clothes change . ) Richard exite elevator . point of view - lobby ~ day 52 almost desert . ' the Kingston Point Hotel lobby , circa 1979 . int . lobby - day - angle on staircase 53 as Richard reach the lobby and cross to the restaurant entrance . angle on dine room entrance 534a a maitre d' work on some papers . he look at Richard . richard when do you open ? maitre d' in about forty minute , sir . continued mmy 53 - a 54 55 56 57 58 #00590 17 continued s3-a richard thank you . he turn and look around . his gaze settles on something across the lobby . point of view - corridor $ 4 a sign above its entrance read : hall of history richard 55 crossing toward the entrance to the corridor . he reach the entrance and stop , look at the Hall of History . late afternoon light through the window give the empty corridor a strange haze - like effulgence . there be photograph on the wall , display case , a alcove . - Richard walk to the first photograph on the wall . it be that of the hotel in the early 1900' , a carriage and horse team in front of it , guest in the attire of the period . Richard shake he head , smile , then move to the display case , look inside . camera move to reveal a dish , a menu , a napkin ring , a iron , a phone , a open hotel register , a program for a play entitle wisdom of the heart / June 28 , 1912 . Richard look at the object with a charme smile , then move to a alcove . Inside it , behind a glass partition , be a typical hotel bedroom from early 1900 's ~- a bed , a bureau , table , chair , wall mirror , et al . Richard look at it , then turn around . abruptly , he freeze , stare at something o.s . point of view - photograph 56 illuminate mysteriously by the fade light ; the photograph of a young woman . for the first time , we hear music from ether than a natural source ; the beginning of the score use of the music we have hear . richard 57 draw to the photograph as though entrance by it . he stop in front of it and stare . the woman be in she late twenty , gloriously , ethereally beautiful . she be dress in the style of the early 1900' . Richard look down at the botton of the photograph . insert - frame 58 the outline of a miss nameplate be see , two nail hole . mmy 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 through 67 67 - a #00590 18 richard 59 look at the photograph again , totally spellbound . photograph 60 camera hold on she lovely face . hall of history - day ~ long shot 61 Richard motionless in front of the photograph , captivate by it . camera hold , hold . int . dine room - day - later ~ richard 62 sit at a table , scarcely touch he food , stare into he thought . camera hold . int . hall of history - day - later - close on richard 63 approach the photograph , stop . photograph 64 fhe last ray of sunset reflect Richard 's face on the glass front of the photograph as he gaze at it . after a while , he tear himself away , move out of shot , camera hold on photograph . 65 omitted thre 67 ext . HOTEL porch ~ day 67 - a back turn , Arthur be water some flower . richard : ( o.s. ) Arthur ? Arthur turn , surprised to see Richard . camera draw around to include Richard as Arthur move toward he . arthur yes , Mr. collier . richard there 's a photograph in the Hall of History ; a young woman . it have no nameplate .... continued mmy 67 - a 68 #00590 19 continued 6 arthur ( know immediately ) oh , yes . that 's elise mckenna . = richard ( savore the name ) elise mckenna . arthur yes , sir . she be a very famous actress in she day . ( beat ) star in a play in the hotel theatre . richard ( intrigue ) . there 's a theatre here ? arthur down by the lake . richard really . ( beat ) when be the play do ? arthur 1912 . richard ( take aback ) nineteen -twelve . the repetition of the year reinstills the sense of oddness in Arthur and he stare at Richard . Richard do not notice , lose in he own thought . he put a five - dollar bill on the counter . richard thank you , Arthur . he turn away , Arthur watch he go . something strange be happen but Arthur cannot fathom what it be . int . hall of history ~ day - richard 68 walk to the photograph and stand in front of it . he draw in and release a sigh of a breath . continued 68 69 70 71 72 73 through 75 t5 - a 75-38 #02125 20 Rev. 6/1/79 ( % ) continued 68 richard nineteen-twelve . ~ ( pause ; pain ) oh , God . the photograph 69 camera hold on elise mekenna 's exquisite feature . omitted 70 ext . HOTEL - night 71 see from the beach , the sound of surf loud . almost ail the light in the hotel be out . camera move in on suite 313 . int . bedroom ~- night - richard 72 lie on he back in the dark room . camera slowly move in on he . when he be in close shot , he fling aside he bed - clothes with a snarl , sit up abruptly , shockingly . he turn on the bedside table lamp and , pick up the watch from the table , look at its face , groan humorously . he put the watch back on the table , sit indecisively . abruptly , he stand with a disgust sound . 73 omitted through 75 int . hall of history ~ night - richard 75 - k walk to the photograph and stand in front of it . the photograph 75 - B now illuminate by a soft picture light . camera hold on she face . mmy 76 77 through 81 81 - a 82 83 84 85 b5 - a 86 #06590 21 close on richard 76 stare at the photograph unhappily . richard ( barely audible ) nineteen -twelve . a deep , surrender sigh . slow dissolve to 77 omitted through al int . lobby - day - angle on elevator bi - a as it reach the lobby and the operator open its door , a middle - age couple exit , then Richard and Arthur . camera pan Richard to the desk , Arthur head for the front door with the luggage . Richard put the tag key on the cashier 's counter and the female cashier pick it up , start to look for the bill . as she do , Richard 's gaze be draw toward the Hall of History . point of view shot ~ hall of history 82 richard 83 stare at it . o.s. we hear the cashier total he bill on a add machine . cashier 84 complete the tally and look up , extend the bill . she react , camera draw back to reveal that Richard be go . she look toward the front entrance , then , not see he , look elsewhere : finally , she see he , look curious . point of view shot - richard 85 in the Hall of History , gaze at the photograph . close on richard 85 - a stare at elise mckenna 's face . the photograph 86 a surge of music we have hear . km 87 88 89 90 91 #02125 22 Rev. 6/1/79 {x ) richard 87 he expression make it clear that he be obsessed . moment pass . he turn as though to leave , then stop , uncertain , hold . he start to look at the photograph again . he be near surrender now . photograph 88 camera hold , music rise . suddenly , it stop . richard 89 camera pan to show he walk toward the lobby , determinediy . angle on desk . ' 90 as Richard pass the cashier , grab the key . richard ( to cashier ) I be stay . he walk toward the front entrance , the cashier watch he go , the bill in she hand , a blank look on she face . ext . HOTEL porch ~ day ~ angle on entrance - arthur 91 wait to put the luggage in Richard 's car . Richard come out of the hotel quickly , remove the money clip from he trouser pocket , richard Arthur , would you put my luggage back in the suite ? arthur ( take aback ) uh...yes . of course , richard and tell I where the nearest library be ? arthur ( perplex again ) in town , right past the church . richard get it . continued kt sl 91 - a 92 92- a 93 94 #00590 23 continued 91 he hand Arthur another fivé-dollar bill , patting he on the arn . richard see you around , Arthur . he walk out of scene hastily . Arthur 's face become a study in puzzlement . 1 ext . town - day - fiat - richard 91 - ~ a drive fast . Music in the follow sequence should convey the pulsing energy which drive he on he quest . omitted 92 ext . public library - day - angle toward the STREET 92 - a as Richard drive down the street quickly and , with a deat maneuver , steer into a narrow parking slot between two car , brake at the last possible instant . the motor be barely switch off when he be out of the car , slamm the door and stride toward the library . int . library ~ day ~ angle on desk 92 - B Richard , enter , move quickly to the desk and ask a que - tion of the woman librarian . she point , he thanks she and move in that direction , walk fast . omitted 93 int . reading room - montage 94 a , Richard move to row of theatre book . he start to pull they out one by one . B. Richard dump down several large book , sit and pick up one of the book : american stage actress . C . Close on book as the page turn , then stop on a single - page entry regard elise mckenna , a photograph on the left-hand page , the brief text on the right -hand page : elise mckenna , one of the most revere actress of the american stage , for many year the theatre 's great box - office draw . bear in Salt Lake City on November 11 , 1859 , she leave school when she be fourteen to become a full - time actress , come to New York with she mother in 1905 to --- continued kt # 02125 24 Rev. 6/1/72 94 continued D. Close on Richard as he read the entry . E . Richard put down the first book and grab we the second , check the table of content . he turn to the section , read : richard ( v.o. ) ' known primarily as a light come ~ - dienne in she early day , she later become one of the world 's great tragedienne , she juliet with William faversham still consider to be one of the dramatic highlight of --- ' ' F . Richard return to the shelf , search for more book . G . as he dump another large pile ef bock beside the first , sit and pick up the first book in the bunch : luminary of the american stage by John hollister . he open it to ( X ) the appropriate section . richard ( v.o. ) ' elise mckenna be the first american actress to create a mystique in the public 's eye -~ never see in public in she later year , never quote by the press , apparently without a off-stage life , the absolute quin - tessence of seclusion . ' H. Close on book : american theatre : 1850 - 1950 , Richard read it . richard ( v.0 . ) ' she never marry , live in Michigan after she retirement , she career have last forty - nine year . it be say , more than once , that she have a magic quality as a actress --- ' ' I . as Richard come up to the desk and ask for help . 3 . the librarian come with eight book . Richard take they eagerly . continued kt 94 94 - a 94 = B #00590 25 continued - 2 94 K. Richard hold nineteenth century stage actress by appleby , read quickly . richard ( v.o. ) ' after she retirement , she lecture at various school and college in the Midwest , occasionally conduct seminar in act for select group of student . ' L. Richard put down another book and pick up famous american actress by Laura Roberts , open it to the appropriate section , read . stop . richard ( v.o . ) ' she die on the night of May 19th , 1972 . the date mean something to he but its full significance elude he memory . richard May 19 , 1972 ? he try to remember but can not . m . as the librarian come out of the stack room , lug 2 thick pile of old theatre magazine . Richard take then , thanks she and return hurriedly to the read room . n. Richard search through the magazine in vain . end of montage close on richard - day ~ late afternoon 94 -- % at last , he find a magazine with a article about she man - tion on the cover : elise mckenna -- the final year . he turn to the page , reacting with sudden shock as he see --- photograph on page 94 - B text : '' elise mckenna in she eightieth year . this be the last photograph ever take on she . " t be , of course , the old woman who give he the watch . Music rise to a strong climax , then stop . 94 - C 94 - D 95 through 104 105 802125 26 Rev. 6/1779 mo . shot ~- richard d4 - 0 in the stillness of the library , stare at the photogrerh . series of shot 94 - D each one a little further away from Richard as he sit , stunne , stare at the photograph which have deeppen the mystery of elise mckenna for he a thousand - fold . 95 omitted , through 104 int . sitting room of suite 313 - night - later - richard 105 sit on the sofa , the telephone receiver to he head . his attitude , now , be one of compulsive need to solve this enigme . richard the first one be by John hollister . luminary of the american stace , harpers , 1948 . the second be by Laura Roberts , famous american actress , Bradley Press .... peter ( v.o. ) hold it , hold it , not so fast . ( beat ) famous~-american-actresses . richard Bradley Press , 1974 . the jacket say she life in Michigan so check she out first . the third be Bernard appleby , nineteenth century stage actress , Sibley and company , 1952 . what I need be the phone number and / or address of the three author . so far they be the one with the most information about she . I be sorry to be call you at home , but .... peter ( v.o. ) nbreak in ) I will see what I can do . richard how soon ? continued mmy # 00590 105 continued he hang hold . 105- a through omitted 105 - F 27 105 peter ( v.0 . ) ( pause ) a couple of day . richard tomorrow morning . peter ( v.o. ) Richard ! I have get lot of thing to ...! richard Peter ! please ; it 's important . peter ( v.0 . ) ( sigh ; grumblingly ) I do not suppose it have anything to do with the new play . richard ( lie ) yes , it do . a lot . peter ( v.o. ) ( pause ) be you tell I the truth ? richard have I ever lie to you ? peter ( v.o. ) no , but there 's always a first time . ( sigh ) all right . richard thank you , peter. {beat ; anxiously ) get back to I as soon as you can ? peter ( v.0 . ) ( wearily ) yeah , yeah . up . Richard hang up and sit irresolutely . camera 1lo5 - a through 105 - F mmy a- 106 106 107 108 #00590 28 ext . HOTEL - day ~ establishing shot a-196 int . bedroom - day - close on cassette player 106 play the music we be now familiar with . camera pan to the bathroom where Richard be see throw water on he face , he look around as the telephone ring in the bedroom : quickly turn to get it . he dry he face and leave . omitted 107 another angle ' 108 as Richard move to the bed and sit on it , pick up the telephone receiver . richard ( anxiously ) Peter ? . peter ( v.o. ) yeah . richard what would you find out ? peter ( v.0 . ) John Fraser be dead . richard ( grimace ) great , peter ( v.o. ) Bernard appleby move to Spain nine year ago . richard terrific . peter ( v.0 . ) and Laura Roberts --- richard ( cut in ) fell down a well and drown . peter ( v.0 . ) no , I get she address if you want to try and see she , richard ( exhuberant ) es ! what be it ? aeo iog ilo 111 #00590 29 long shot - richard 10 as he hear , richard ( stunne ) that 's incredible . int . moving fiat - day ~ later - point of view through 11 '' windshield it be raining , the windshield wiper on . we see the house number : thirty -seven ; thirty -nine ; forty~one ; forty - three ; forty -five ; then forty -seven , a small , weathered cottage . Richard brake . ext . cottage - day qil as Richard get out of the car and walk to the front gate , open it and walk up the path to the cottage door . ha ring the bell and wait . after a while , the o.s. door be open by Laura Roberts . richard miss Roberts ? LAURA yes ? richard my name be Richard collier . 1 just read you book ' famous american actress ' and enjoy it very much , especially the part --- LAURA nbreak in ) how do you get my address ? it be not list in the telephone directory . richard ( hesitates ) my agent in New York get it . he contact galliard press --~ LAURA I never authorize anyone there to --- richard ( break in ) it 's my fault , miss rebert . ordi - narily I would never do such a thing but .... continued aeo # 06590 30 lll continued ill LAURA what be it you want ? re try to ease in out of the rain . richard information about elise mckenna . LAURA ( suspiciously ) what sort of information ? richard well -- you see , I 'ma playwright and I be think of do a play base on she life and -- ~ she start to close the door , face harden . richard do not . the urgency in he voice stop she and she look at he in surprise . richard ( quietly ) it 's not a play , miss Roberts . it 's personal . LAURA I do not understand . he draw in shaking breath , then , abruptly , take the watch from he pocket and show it to she . richard miss mckenna give --~ LAURA ( jolted ; break in ) where do you get that ? richard ( startle ) you recognize it ? she look at he with icy regard . LAURA where do you get it ? continued aeo lil 112 #00590 31 continued ~ 2 ill rickard ( not under - stand she ire ) she give it to I . as she stare at he : richard at a party at millfield College . they stand in silence , look at each other , finally , Laura Roberts speak : LAURA ~ that watch be very precious to she . she never let it out of she possession . it disappear the night she die . richard ( newly startle ) she die the night she give it to I ? {pause ) my God . she hesitates awhile , then step back , see that he 's get - ting wet . LAURA would you like to come in ? richard please . he start inside . int . live room - day 112 as Richard enter and Laura Roberts shut the door . LAURA ( quietly ) May I see it ? he hand she the watch and she gaze at it . LAURA she keep it with she all the time . i... almost think she die because she lose it . continued beo # 00590 32 112 continued il2 after a while she hand it back to he , look at he curi - ously . he do not know how to begin . richard I know this will sound insane to you , but -- ( brace himseiz ) I see she photograph at the Grand ( X ) Hotel and <-- LAURA ( break in ) that 's where she die . they look at each other , Richard fill with new emotion at this revelation . LAURA the hotel mean a great deal to she . ( X ) he feel now that he know , somehow , why he be draw to the hotel . . after a while , he eye be catch by something o.s . he move to the mantel , camera with he , keep Laura in frame as she follow slowly . on the mantel be a number of frame photograph of elise mckenna . 113 slow pan shot - photograph 113 all very lovely . 114 richard 114 richard she be so beautiful . LAURA yes , she be . he see a photograph on the wall beside the mantel -- that of a stern - look , bearded man , richard her manager ? LAURA {taken aback ) how do you know ? richard ( with a faint smile ) you describe he perfectly in you book . 6 continued km 114 115 116 117 118 through 122 122-a #02125 33 Rev. 6/1/79 ( xx ) continued li4 he gaze at the photograph . insert ~ photograph 11 of William fawcett Robinson . very strong - feature , not a man to trifle with . richard ( v.o. ) be he really as strange as you indicate ? richard and LAURA ~ including photograph 116 LAURA he do have a effect on people . richard on miss mckenna ? : LAURA there be something odd about they relationship . richard do she ever say what it be ? LAURA not really . just that ... there be something about he ... ( beat ; with a smile ) I really do not know . richard ( nod ; beat ) he die on the lusitania , gid not he ? LAURA yes , he do . Richard look at the photograph again . photograph . 117 118 omitted . thre 122 richard and LAURA l22-a Richard look at the photograph , then at three book lie stack on the mantel . one catch he attention and he pick continued aeo l22 " a 122-b 122-¢ 122-d 122-e #02125 34 Rev. 6/1/79 {x ) tw hw t continued 1 it up . it be entitle : Travels through time by G. finney . he smile at the author 's photograph on the back cover . richard he be one of my teacher at millfield . LAURA ( politely ) really . ( pause ) she read that book quite often . he look at the book another few moment , then put be back on the mantel , camera move in on the three book . the title of the other two be man and time , by J. W. priestly and a experiment with time , by 0 . W. dunne . a faint , eerie sting of music . ° . richard and LAURA 122-8 richard have you ... other thing of hers ? again she hesitates , then smile a little and nod . LAURA in the next room . she start to lead he there . int . den - day - angle on doorway ~ richard 122 -' follow Laura Roberts in and stop , make a soft , involuntary sound of awe at what he see . point of view - den 122 -2 a collection of artifact once own by elise mckenna ; @ beautifully arrange room which , in the soft illumination make gelatinous by rain- obscure window , create a atmos ~ phere of touch nostalgia . richard and LAURA : 122-5 richard May I ? continued aeo 202125 35 Rev. 6/1/79 ( % ) continued l22-e she nod and he walk into the rocm , move first to a dress - maker 's dummy on which rest a pale , white evening gown with long , white glove pin to it . he look at it as though imaging elise mckenna wear it ; touch it with delicate tenderness . LAURA it 's a costume from one of the play she be in . richard ( softly , entrance } it 's lovely . Laura nod and smile . he move to a wall shelf on which stand a pair of perfume bottle , a hand mirror , a brush and a comb , all decorate with silver . he stare at they as though imagine elise mckenna use they , richard Lovely . LAURA yes , she have wonderful taste . ( beat ) I be so pleased that she leave all this thing to I . {beat ; warmly ) > I have such respect for she . richard otouch by she feel ) what be she like ? as he continue look at object , ( a theatre program with a small oval painting of elise mckenna 's face on it , a necklace , bracelet and ring , a hat , a gold and ivory box , a shawl , a jewele headband ) he manner spellbound , he also listen atten - tively to Laura Roberts . camera follow as they move around the dim -lit room . she hesitates , go on . LAURA she be just too much within she - self . she seem ... empty , somehow . ( beat ; sighing ) as though , in some way , she would ... die before that night in 1972 . continued aeo # 02125 36 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) 122-e continued - 2 wd Bet LAURA ( cont would ) ( remember ) she use to walk around the lake for hour at a time . ( beat ) just ... look at the water . richard be she always that way ? LAURA oh , no . not at all . people who know she when she be young say that she be quick and bright and full of fun . ( add ) strong . willful . but net the way she be later . not the way I know she when I work for she . richard what make she change ? LAURA I be not sure . all I know be that the change take place in 1912 . after she perform a play at the Grand Hotel . he react to she word , then see something o.s. and , reacting emotionally , move to it , camera follow . on a shelf be a small , exquisite replica of the hotel . LAURA she have it make . richard ( awed by the workmanship ) oh . he pick it up very carefully , stiffening abruptly as a famil - dar fragment of music play ~- the miniature hotel be a music box . Music stop . LAURA ( curious ) what be it ? he can not answer . as he stop wind , the music play acain , it be the theme we hear when elise mckenna be die , the theme we hear in Richard 's apartment . he make a shake sound . continued aeo 122-e 123 #202125 37 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) continued - 3 22nb LAURA oconcern ) what be it ? richard it 's my favorite music in the whole world . ( dazedly ) oh , God ! what 's happen ? he put down the music box model with shaking hand and he and Laura stare at one another , she with sympathy at he distress . int . dine alcove - day ~ minute later 123 no music as Laura Roberts pour coffee into a cup , she end Richard sit across from each other at the table . LAURA be you all right ? he nod , manage a smile , hesitates , then have to know . richard I know she never marry , miss Roberts , but -~ ( pause ; have to know ) ~- be there ever -- a romance in she life ? LAURA ( nause ; quietly ) yes , I think there must have be . Richard look disappointed though try not to show it . continued mmy 123 124 #00590 38 123 continued LAURA there be such a sadness in she . rea ) such a sense of loss . it have to be because of a man . richard ( disturb ) do she speak about he ? ( xx ) LAURA ( gesture vaguely ) oh , there be hint now and then . but nothing definite . ( pause ) except for that watch you have . and the --- she stop . richard what ? as she remain silent : richard ( persist ) what , miss Roberts ? she hesitates , then rise and walk out of the room . we hear she open a drawer in the bedroom , then , after several moment , she return to sit . LAURA one day , in 1928 , she burn every - thing she would ever write . all that {x ) remain be a fragment of a page . her housekeeper find it by the fireplace and keep it . later on , she send it to I when I call to ask she some question for my book . she take a paper fragment out of a envelope and hand it over to he . it be brown -edge and fragile look , and he take it carefully , almost reverently . insert ~ fragment 124 handwritten , not readable . too fade . sst rgr str tet 125 125- a 126 through 135 136 137 138 139 140 fous90 39 back to scene 125 LAURA : ( recite slowly ) ' my love , where be you now ? from what place do you come ? to what place go ? come back to I . 's close shot - richard 125 - a freeze ; reacting to the last four word of the poem . then the astounding concept hit he and he catch he breath . richard ( whisper ) come ... back to I . 126 ouitted through 135 smash CUT to ext . highway - day ~ later - the fiat 136 speed north , exciting music play . the rain have stop . int . fiat - day - closeup - richard ~ after several moment , he see something ahead . he point of view - sign 137 138 " millfield College - 4 mile " -- a arrow point to the leave . ext . highway ~ day - full shot ~ fiat as Richard slow down at the intersection , wait for several car to pass , then ignore the rest and accelerate into the side road , camera pan to follow the recede movement of the car . the other motorist honk angrily at he . ext . science build - day - angle on sign identify it . camera pan to reveal Richard drive onto the parking lot and brake . 135 14 '' SE rae not zs tre ot my 14 . through 144 145 #00590 40 omitted 14 . . through 144 int . and ext . courtyard cover walkway ~- day 145 as Richard come up the step and start along the corridor which be start to fill with move and stand student . camera stay with he as he move to room 321 . Inside , we see Doctor Gerald finney talk animatedly with several student . he be in he seventies , a short , bearded man of indefatigable energy . his outfit be extremely informal , perhaps a color jumpsuit , a beret . pick up he brief case . finney start toward the doorway with a quick striae . richard Doctor finney ? finney {still walk ) . you will have to walk with I , young man . iI have another class . what 's you name ? Richard walk with he , camera stay with they to the stair - case and on down . richard collier , sir . Richard . finney Student ? richard nine year ago . finney just visit ? richard I come to see you . finney ( lightly ) well , I try to make my class interesting , but I have never see that interest last for nine year before . that can I do for you ? richard a question , sir . continued = '' see = 41 145 finney shoot . . richard be time travel possible ? finney stop in he track : Richard stop ; the camera stop . finney that be a question . richard I read you book about journey in time when I be at school and I remember you lecture on the subject . ( brace himself ) be it possible ? finney hesitates , then start down the stair again and , take a quick breath , Richard follow . pinney two englishwoman think so in August , 1901 . liiss moberly and jourdain . dean of lady ' school , I will have you know , not idiot , by any mean . claim to have walk back to the year 1789 in the garden of versaille . see Marie antoinette eelebrate she 34th birthday . they draw sketches of what they would see but no one be ever really convinced . for one thing , they write down music they claim to have hear but expert say that no such music be ever play at that time . richard ( discourage ) it be not certain . then . finney well ... consider this . just recently , in Paris , some music manuscript be find . it have be compose for Marie antoinette 's 34th birthday and play only on that day . ( smile ) guess what ? richare look at he , fascinate . continued ech 145 146 #02125 continued - 2 42 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) 145 finney also recently discover be @ journal keep by one of the lady of the court . in a entry write on Marie antoinette 's birthday , she comment on two - women~ dress - inz very -strange - clothes who hac want dere unexpectediy onto the grounds . richard my God . ( peat ) they do go back . Doctor finney regards he closely as they walk . a moment of silent interchange between they . int . classroom - day - richard and finney 146 finney put he brief case on the desk . student be assemble in the room . finney let I tell you something ... Richard , be it ? richard yes , sir . finney I be in Venice in 1971 stay in a very old hotel , but I mean ver old ; the structure , the furnishings , everything . the atmosphere be ~~ age if you follow I . in my room , } feel as though it be @ century or more earlier than 1971 , you understand ? richard the location be important . finney not all important but essential . ( touch he head ) the rest be here . ( pause ) one afternoon , I be lie down in that room , all the sight around I a part of the past ; even the sound I hear . continued =r =a ae kt 146 #00590 continued 43 146 finney ( cont would ) ( beat ) and I conceive a notion . what , I ask myself , if I attempt to hypno - tize my mind -= suggest to it that it be not 1971 but 1571 . I mean actually . actually is7l . richard ( eagerly ) do you do it ? finney I close my eye and feed a sugge tion into my brain . it 's August , 1571 . I be in the Hotel Del vecchio . I spell out detail for myself , keep do it over and over . August , 1571 , the hotel , the detail of the past . again and again and again . richard and -- ? finney ( hesitates ) well , I will never really know , Richard . I have never do it since and I be not sure I would want to do it again . I feel exhaust afterward -- completely wash out . and , if it really do happen I be only there a fraction of a instant , remember ; a flicker . richard you be there though . finney ( shrug , smile ) I think so . ( beat ) it be imperfect , grant . how could it be otherwise ? there be object around I that be clearly of the present ; I know they be there . a telephone , a book , my luggage . and the clothes I wear ; strictly 1971 ; well , in my case , probably a lot older . he and Richard exchange a smile . continued we aco 146 147 148 through 152 153 153- a 154 44 Rev. 6/1/79 #92125 ( X ) continued - 2 236 finney if I be go to try it again -- mind you , tf have no such intention but if I do -- I would disasso ~ ciate myself entirely from the present -- move everything out of sight that could possibly remind I of it . then ..- ( gesture ) who know ? close on richard 147 feel closer to elise mckenna than he have ever feel before . it show on he face . camera move in on it . richard I do . quick CUT to 148 omitted through 152 ext . MAIN STREET ~ day - richard 153 exit costume shop with package under he arm . he walk along the street , look for something . now he see it , cross to baxter 's coin shop and enter it . Inside , he start tell the clerk what he want . l53 - a omitted int , bedroom of suite 313 - near sunset - close on richard be 4 smile at he o.s. reflection . slowly camera down pan re7 vealing he dress in a suit from the early 1900' , a white shirt and tie . camera to reveal he stand in front of a mirror . he have a comb in he hand and he carefully match he hair style with the parte hair style of a serious centle - man 's photograph which he have cut out of a period catalogue and place below the mirror . when Richard be satisfied that he hair style look like 1912 , he straighten up , reach for a hat and place it on he head . he look at he own be ~ flection again . after a few moment , he bow a4 little . richard good evening , miss mckenna . you do not know I , but ... continued ee aeo 154 - a 155 45 Rev. 6/1/79 #92125 ( x ) continued 154 richard ( cont would ) ( with quiet satisfaction ) we eyou will , l54 - a richard's bed it be cover with empty bag and plastic envelope of 1900 coin and bill from the coin shop bag . ricahrd sit on the bed , pull open the staple top of the " stereo " bag anc take out two blank cassettes , each mark " 320 . " reaching out , he take the cassette recorder off the table , eject the cassette already in it and replace it with one of the blank cassettes . he put the recorder on the table just in front of he , think , then press down the " start " and " record " button simultane - ously . after a few moment , he begin to speak . richard | it 's June 27 , 1912 . close on recorder - later 155 the sound of Richard 's voice come from the recorder now ; the cassette reel turn . richard ( v.0 . ) you be lie on a bed in the Grand Hotel and it 's June 27 , 1912 , 6 p.m . camera pan to the bed to show Richard lie on it , eye close , listen to he own voice . he be wear the suit and a pair of half boot . richard ( v.0 . ) you mind accept this absolutely . it be 6 p.m. on June 27 , 1912 . camera withéraws to reveal that the room have be clear of any item which might remind he of the present , the telephone place underneath the bed , the television set and luggage all put away , the bathroom door close , etc . richard ( v.o. ) elise mckenna be in the hotel at this very moment . her manager , William fawcett Robinson , be in the hotel at this very moment . now . this moment . here . elise mckenna and you . both in the Grand Hotel on this eariy evening of June 27 , 1912 . 6 p.m. , dune 27 , 1912 . - F aco 156 thry 161 46 & 47 Rev. 6/1/79 #02125 {x ) montage - the passing evening 156 through Shots of Richard lie on the bed . the turn cassette . 161 Richard . the hotel . Richard 's face . the turn cassette . Richard 's face . sunset . place in the hotel which , desert , look like 1912 . Richard get a drink in the bathroom , wash off he face with a damp washcloth . lying down again . the cassette . a lobby clock . the water . the cassette . Richard . time pass . Richard . the cassette . the lobby clock . Richard throw water in he face again . lying down . listen and listen . the lobby clock , Richard listen in vain , tension mount . , richard ( v.9 . ) you have travel back in time . soon you will get up and leave the room to find elise mckenna . soon you will open you eye and walk into the corridor ' and go downstairs and find elise mckenna . she be in continued ech 156 through 161 162 163 continued #00590 48 156 richard ( v.0 - ) ( cont would ) through the hotel now . she and she company 161 be in the hotel at this very moment . the stage be be set for they performance tomorrow night -~ even as you lie here on you bed in the Grand Hotel on June 27 , 1912 , ( x ) 6 p.m. on June 27 , 1912 . int . bathroom - night 162 as Richard open the door and stagger in , drain and ex ~ haust as he switch on the light and throw water in he face , then turn away . he flick off the light . 163 int . bedroom - night Richard stumble back to the bed where the cassette be run in reverse . he stop it , start it play again and lie down heavily . camera move in very slowly on he face as he listen to the cassette , eye close , he tooth on edge , he feature hard , totally unrelax . moonlit . richard ( v.o. ) it 's June 27 , 1912 . richard ( with desperate anger ) come on . come on . his face tighten as though he be try to will himself back in time . he take deep breath . richard ( v.0o. ) you be lie on 4 ped in the Grand Hotel and it 's dune 27 , 1912 , 6 p.m . ( X ) he be get more tense with each pass moment . richard ( v.0 . ) you mind accept this absolutely . it be 6 pm. on June 27 , 1912 . xtreme closeup now , still wet from the his face be almost in e g faster and sink water , he expression rigid , he breath comin faster . his eye be wide open . continued =e ecb 163 163- a 164 i64 - a 165 166 #00590 439 continued 163 richard ( v.0 . ) elise mckenna be in the hotel at this very moment . elise mckenna 's mother be in the hotel at this very moment . her manager --~ with a anguish snarl , he lurch up , the tape continue . richard 163-4 as he sit up in a fury of gisappointment . he slump , immobile , then hit the mattress with he fist , ery out 's in frustration . a moment later , with 4 sudden , agitate movement , he reach out and jam down the '' stop '' button on the cassette recorder . richard time travel ... ( pause ; with contempt ) you ... stupid idiot . camera hold . omitted 185 int . HOTEL bar - night - full shot . 164-5 crowded with laugh , talk patron . a color tv play above the counter . the smoke of cigar and cigarettes , the clink of glass , the music of a jukebox : a festive scene . camera slowly move across the dim - light room until it reach Richard sit by himself in a booth , dress in 1979 clothes , a untouched drink in front of he , a lose expression on he face . a sudden burst of multiple laughter make he wince and '' come to . " grimace , he grab the bill and push out of the booth , head for the exit . int . lobby - later - angle on corridor 165 we see Richard come out of the bar and start toward i.g. , he expression lifeless . camera withdraw from he as he reach f.g. and start for the elevator ; en route , he change he mind and alter direction , move for the Hall of History . he walk to she photograph and stop in front of it , camera stop . he stare at elise mckenna 's face . photograph 16 € ecb 167 168 169 169-4 #00590 50 richard 167 he keep stare at blise mckenna 's face , then cannot stand to look at she and turn abruptly toward the lebby . see a couple approach , he twist around and cross the corridor so they will not see he distress . move to the display case , he stop and look down , covertly rub at he eye , he pre - tend to look at the content of the display case : the dish , the menu , the napkin ring , the iron , the telephone , the open hotel register , the play program . up angle on richard 168 look downward . suddenly , it hit he and camera zoom in on he face until it fill the screen . he gasp loudly . ext . HOTEL entrance - night - richard 169 exite . running foot . Richard come dash out of the night . ext . arthur' cottage - night - richard 169 - a run up to the front door , start pound on it . richard Arthur ! when there be no response , he pound more loudly . richard Arthur , wake up ! ( pause ) Arthur ! after a few moment , Arthur open it , wear pajamas , look tousle and groggy . richard I apologize for waking you up but I ask at the desk and they could not help I . that thing in the Hall of History display case . where do they come from ? be there a store - room or something ? as Arthur look at he confusedly : richard Arthur , please . where do that thing come from ? arthur the ...attic , Mr. collier . 170 171 172 #00590 51 int . attic - iinutes later - doun angle on trap door 176 pear as the trap total darkness . then a sliver of light ap hold a electric door rise squeakingly . Richard appear , lantern in he hand . he look around . richard's moving point of vievw ivi the lantern illuminate pile of old furniture , box , book , et al. , everything cover with dust and cobweb . 172 richard clamber up into the attic . lean over , he move forward carefully , shine the lantern beam ahead of hinself . he bang he head on a overhead beam and grunt in pain . arthur ( o.s. ) ( worriedly ) Mr. collier . richard it 's okay . it 's okay . ( shine the light around ) I be not go to --~ his last word extend into a gasp of shock as the lantern pick out what seem , at first , to be the figure of a woman in a old - fashioned dress , stare at hin . arthur ( 0.s . ) what be it ? richard ( swallow he heart ) dust a..- mannequin . TI guess it be . caught I by surprise . he keep search until he see what he 's look for and move there . kneel , he set cown the lantern and pick up a immense pook a foot~ and - a- halt long , a foot wide , several inch thick . it be cover by a layer of thick gray dust . he blow it off , create a cloud that make he cough . richard ( cough ) oh , Jesus . arthur ( 0.5 . ) be you all right ? contin oo rer wo da 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 #02125 52 Rev. 6/1/79 ( x ) ts continued . 7 richard I be fine ... I be ail right , Arthur . thank you for you help . arthur do not mention it . good night . Arthur exit . Richard , still control he cough , open the book . insert - he free hand 173 as it rub the dust off the book spine , camera move with it . the date on the book spine read : 1931 , 1927 , 1917 , 1923 , 1919 , 1924 . richard . 174 more sweat on he face . he rub off a trickle on he eyebrow , leave a smudge of gray dust on he forehead . he continue search . insert - he hand 175 rub dust off book spine : 1934 , 1925 , 1926 , 1913 , 1909 , 1921 . richard 176 set down the lantern , he work with both hand , despera ~ tion rise . insert ~ he hand 177 xubbing at the book spine : 1927 , 1914 , 1929 , 1916 , 1908 , 1912 , 1922 , 1907 . richard 178 start as he realize he 's find and pass it . he pull the book from the group , raise a cloud of dust which make he cough again . he avert he face until it settles , then pick up the lantern and point it at the book , which be mark : " '' register/1912/grand HOTEL . " hastily he fling open the page until he reach June 27 , 1912 . his finger go down the name sign in . =e tr ly 179 180 181 182 183 #02125 53 rev €/1/79 {x ) close on page 174 Richard 's finger move down the list , the column head " name , " '' residence , '' * room , " " time . " the entry we read be : e.c. Penn — Boston , mass . ~- room 263 - 10:38 a.m. ; conrad shearer and wife - Providence , r.i. ~ room 130 - 11:17 a.m. ; k.b. Alexander - pittsfield , mass . ~ room 312 - 11:46 a.m. ; c.t. laminy ~ Boston , mass . - room 145 - 12:14 plm . insert - richard's finger 186 as it move across the name : miss elise mckenna ~ ronkonkama , n.y. - suite 117 - 12:37 p.m. richard 181 anxiety mount as he look down the page again . insert - page 182 he finger move down faster . Carter Ralph - fall River , conn . - room 256 - 1:05 p.m. ; Albert janaway and wife - Springfield , mass . ~ room 378 - 2:12 p.m. ; walter donn , esq . ~ London , eng. ~ room 364 ~ 2:51 p.m. his finger move 50 fast now that the name and other fact blur . his finger reach the bottom of the page - close on richard 183 devastate , eye close , tremble lip press together . he hit the book once -~ then again . after a while , with @ look of lose hope , he slowly turn the page . suddenly , he emit a cry almost animal in its simultaneous shock and joy - neither can he control he emotion . he try not to cry , but can not help it ; laugh at the same time without strength , he sink down on the floor , eross - legge , the hotel register in he lap , tear run down he cheek , lose in rivulet of perspiration , he sob , choke . camera move in on Richard 's face until it fill the screen , he break voice exultant as he answer through he sob : richard yes ! he look at the register page , smile , cry , overjoy . l84 - a 185 #02125 54 Rev. 6/1/79 ( xx ) insert - page 184 Close on June 28 , 1912 . camera down pan quickly to : richare collier - Chicago , Ill . - room 416 -~ 9:18 a.m. camera hold . ext . grand HOTEL - night ig4-a over the majestic and desert building , we hear echoe of Richard 's laughter . camera hold . int . bedroom - night ~ later - close on 1900 's coin 185 as they spill onto the rug . o.s. , Richard make a disturb sound and camera draw back to reveal he in the 1900' suit , so excited he can hardly function . he pick up the coin and put they in he vest pocket with tremble finger . now he start to put he 1979 coin into the pocket , realize what he 's do and , with a faint cry , pull out all the coin , separate they , and put the 1900 's coin in the vest pocket again , grimace . his excited anticipation be not to be repress however , as he take the watch off the table ané start to put it in he vest pocket , almost drop it . he grimace , flinching , then , grin , put the watch in he other vest pocket . move quickly to the ped , he press the '' play '' button on the recorder , then lie down , eye close , draw in another breath as the new '' instruction '' begin . richard ( v.o. ) tt 's 6 p.m. , June 27 , 1912 . camera move in on Richard . richard ( v.o. ) you be lie on a bed in the Grand Hotel and it 's 6 p.m. , June 27 , 1912 . there be no question in you mind . it be 6 p.m. on June 27 , 1912 . elise mckenna be in the hotel at this very moment in suite 117 . you will be signing inte room 416 at 9:18 tomorrow morning . it have to happen ; you know that now . you know it . the sound of he voice begin to fade . excite , believe that it be take place already , Richard open he eye - 7s ow my 186 187 188 189 190 #00590 $ 5 what he sees 186 the room extremely obscure . but we can see that it be differently furnish ; furnish in the style of 1912 . richard 187 breath catch . then , abruptly , the sound of he voice on the tape recorder be hear again . richard ( v.0 . ) now . this moment . here . elise mckenna . you , he shudder slightly . another angle 188 as he eye focus and he look around . what he sees 189 fhe room furnish in 1979 style . richard 190 make a feeble snarling sound . richard ( v.0 . ) you have travel back in time . it be 1912 in the hotel . June 27 . _ richard ( abruptly ) wait a second . push up on a elbow , he reach out and depress the " stop " button on the cassette player . open the bedside table drawer , he put the cassette recorder into it and shut the drawer , then lie down again , close he eye . richard now ... ( a deep breath ; whisper ) it 's 6 p.m. , June 27 , 1912 . relax and believe . relax and accept . ( voice fade ) there be no question in you mind . it be 6 p.m. on June 27 , 1912 . continued sara yw = no 190 191 l91 - a 192 193 194 iss #00590 56 continued 196 now he make no sound , he lip move slightly as he instruct himself . camera move in on he face . soon the lip movement stop as well . Music rise . his breathe deepen . now he know it . he will be there soon . nontage 192 Richard 's gradual return to 1912 . fragmentary moment as he reach 1912 only to return . thing he see , decreasingly obscure . a bureau . a painting on the wall . a fireplace . Music rise , rise . his expression become almost beatific as he know that he be go back , hack , back . richard ~ late afternoon - ' year 1912 191-a abruptly , it be silent . Richard 's eye flutter open . 0.5 . the sound of surf be hear , after a while , he look around . his eye widen suddenly . slowly , he raise he head as the camera draw around he to reveal that the look of the room be that of 1912 . richard 192 sit up eagerly . he make a startle sound as the room begin to swim around he . 2 what he sees 193 the room swim darkly . richard 194 terrify that he be go back , close he eye . holding himself immobile , he whisper urgently : richard June 27 , 1912 , it 's June 27 , 1912 . the swim sensation abate and , after a while , very cau - tiously , he open he eye : make a sound of gratify relief . he point of view - the bedroom _ 195 still the 1912 roon . = gyw wt my 195 - B 196 197 198 #00590 57 richard 195 -a reacting as he see --~ . clock on bureau 195 -b camera move in fast on it . it be just past six . 196 richard try to restrain the delight start to bubble in he for fear it will send he back to 1979 . richard tt make it . {unable to restrain a grin ) Jesus , God , I make it . try to control he emotion , he look around . he point of view 187 instead of drape on the french window , there be white , airy curtain . the furniture be much like that in the Hall of History see earlier . every object Richard see enhance he delight . richard ( 0.s. ) ( under he breath ) look at that . ( pause ) look at that . back to scene 198 several moment pass . then , carefully , he slide he leg off the edge of the bed , take deep breath . still breathe deeply , he hold onto the head of the bed for support and ease himself upward , then sink down again , eye closing , tooth clenching . he keep draw in deep breath of air . he be obviously very wobbly . gradually , he head clear and he look of concern fade . he try to rise again . slowly , he make it to he foot . at first he be very dizzy , then it fade . he sigh contentedly , then take in a very deep breath , brace continued be wer '' oxeygrt km 198 198-b 198-c 198-d 198-e 58 Rev. 6/1/79 ( x ) #92125 continued himself and start to walk slowly across the room , hold out he arm to balance himself . halfway to the bureau , he get dizzy again , speed up and make it to the bureau with a few quick step , leap on it heavily , eye close , breathe hard . after a short while , he open he eye and look at he reflection in the bureau mirror , grin at himself . now he notice the object on the bureau -~ man 's toilet article -~ and react . richard 198-5 in that very moment , a woman start to sing in the other bed - room of the suite : " beautiful dreamer . '' richaré clap a hand over he mouth , drop the cap onto the bureau top and look - ing toward the sit room in shock . point of view - sitting room . 198- C the woman 's voice continue to sing . richard 198-d control he cough and wheeze , he hastily pick up the cap and rescrew it back onto the handle of the whisk broom . setting it down carefully , he turn toward the sit room doorway . int . sitting room - angle on bedroom doorway 198-e Richard step into the sit room and start across it as continued 198-e 198-f 198-g 198-h 198-1 #00590 59 continued 198-e quickly as he can . the woman 's voice start get louder and we hear she approach footstep . with a wildly grimac - ing expression , Richard look around , see a curtain alcove and move to it quickly , ducking behind the curtain just as the woman enter the sit room , wear all she under - garment but no dress . int . alcove ~ richard 198 - F stand frozenly . he start to cough and cover he mouth with one frantic hand . the woman 's sing continue o.s. , she footstep . he peek around a edge of curtain . point of view - from the alcove 198- G the woman , still sing , move around the room , look for something . at last she find a tortoise - shell comb on the mantel of the fireplace . pick it up , she return to the bedroom . after several moment , Richard move into frame and with cautious speed , move across the sit room to the door , camera with he . he reach the door and turn the knob to open it . the door be lock . further , the only way to open it be with a skeleton key which be not there . Richard look at the door , appal . he turn the knob again , in vain , groan softly . this be too much . he look around haplessly . then he whirl to look at the door . camera zoom in on the keyhole . some - one be insert a skeleton key into it . richard 198-e his expression one of total shock . suddenly , he lunge for the sofa and dive behind it ; there be no time to make the alcove . just as he disappear behind it , the corridor door be open by a man with mutton - chop whisker , wear a 1912 ginner suit . close on richard 198 - 1 in a dizzy panic as he lie behind the sofa . rollo ( 0.s. ) ( tightly ) I be back , maude . be you ready yet ? continued fv tt at = db 198-1 198-0 198-k 199 and 2600 201 #00590 60 continued maude ( coolly ) no. rollo 198-5 put the skeleton key into the lock , turn it with aggrava - tion . he start toward the bedroom doorway . richard 198-k trap behind the sofa , unable to believe that this be really happen . rollo ( o.s. ) ( stiffly ) I do not know why you act in such a fashion , maude . maude ( o.5 . ) } indeed , I suspect you do not . rollo ( 0.s . ) and what be I to make of that remark ? 199 omitted and 200 series of shot 201 alternate between Richard and the couple . maude what you will , rollo . what you will . rollo be we to have this madden exchange each and every time I notice the existence of a female other than yourself ? maude notice she existence ? beat that scarcely describe you rapt appraisal of she every inch . continued ee ew ss eef dab # 00590 61 201 continued 201 rollo rapt appraisal of she --- ! maude you just do not love I any more ! ( X ) 202 close on richard 202 rollo ( 0.s. ) ( protest ) oh , maude . richard ( sotto voce ) oh , Christ . hurried footstep . murmured word . Richard close he eye ( X ) and lean he head against the wall . more murmured word . maude ( o.s. ) I be go to lie down for a little while . rollo ( o.s. ) good idea . : richard ( fervently ) great idea . he hear footstep and silence . fall . he hesitates , then start to look around the sofa edge . 203 int . sitting room ~ angle on richard 203 as he peer around the corner of the sofa , reacting as he see the man stand by the sit room window , look out , he back to camera . '' Richard pull back , wait . after several moment , with a dismal sigh , rollo walk into the other bedroom . he have barely enter it when Richard come out from behind the sofa , see the key in the corridor door and move there , still dizzy . the key click loudly as he unlock the door . rollo ( o.s . ) who 's there ? panick again , Richard yank open the door and step into the corridor . oom 8 = 204 205 #00590 62 int . corridor 204 Richard shut the door as quickly and quietly as he can and start toward the elevator , walk as though he be haif - drunk . he have go only a few yard when he hear the door to suite 313 be open , and , on impulse , spin and start back , walk casually and , by dint of will , evenly . the man come out of the room , see Richard . rollo Excuse I , do you see someone try to come in here ? richard ( put on the ritz ) why , yes . some young chap . ( gesture ) ran that way . rollo I will be damned . I would better report that . richard indeed you would better , as the man turn back , richard I would have stop the rascal if I would know that --- rollo ( gruffly ) yes , yes , thank you . he go in and close the door -~ at which Richard reel to the wall and lean against it dizzily , groan . richard I travel sixty - seven year for this ? '' he lean against the wall a few moment , then look toward the elevator with a serious , determine expression . drawing in a deep breath , he start for the elevator . angle on elevator 205 as Richard come up to it , there be a number of people wait . some glance at he , some do not . in he condition , be suddenly expose to 1912 people be somewhat unnerve . continued wwe ae dab 205 206 207 208 209 210 790590 63 continued 203 he smile wanly at a woman stand next to he . she look away with haughty dismissal and he swallow . first man ( to Richard ) I be tell there be gcod plover near here . as Richard glance at he : first man and curlew be abundant , too . also black brant . Richard give he a very confuse smile as the elevator descend and its door be open . by the time Richard enter , it be full . int . elevator ~ richard and people 206 as the elevator descend . Richard be still uncomfortable experience the close proximity of so many 1912 people . now the elevator stop and its door open , Richard reacting to the sight . he point of view - lobby 207 guest arrive , other move for the dining room , other sit and chat . the Kingston Point Hotel lobby , now circa 1912 . richard 208 enchant by the sight . he start as the man behind he speak . man ( sepulchfally ) get out . omitted 209 int . lobby - richard 210 leave the elevator and walk across the lobby , look around , fascinate despite he continue sense of di orientation . suddenly , he start as a large , brightly color ball , bounce into frame and against he chest ; he grab it automatically . people around he react with amuse - ment or disgust but all richarc can do be stare at --~ ss 210 - a 210-3 211 and 212 213 214 #00590 64 ( rx ) arthur as a boy 210 ° run up to camera . clerk ( o.s . ) not inside , Arthur . richard and arthur 210 - B the little boy look up at he guiltily . ' Richard gaze at Arthur , charme and touch . for several moment , he tousle Arthur 's hair , then , smile , hand he the ball . Arthur grab the ball and run , make Richard 's smile brighten even more . suddenly , he catch himself . he have something more important to do . he start off . 211 omitted and , 212 int , corridor - moving shot - richard 213 as he walk along the corridor , mutter to himself . richard miss mckenna ? you do not know I but --- he scowl at himself , then stop at the door to suite 117 . he hesitates , then , draw in a deep breath , bzace himself and knock . he stand there nervously , wait , tensing with a sudden guip as best he can . the 0.s- door be open . he react . another angle including marie . 214 a young , pretty woman ; elise mckenna 's personal may , seam - stress and dresser . marie yes , monsieur ? richard be -~ ( swallow dryly ) -- miss mckenna here ? marie no . I be afraid she be not . richard could you tell I where she be ? continued ss 214 214 - a 214 -b 215 216 #00590 65 continued ~ 214 marie ( probably put he off ; albeit politely ) I be sorry . I have no idea , monsieur . she shut the door . Richard blink a little dizzily and make a faint noise . richard Strike one . . he look around indecisively , then get a idgea and hurry off . ext . HOTEL and HOTEL road ~ day ~ richard 214- 4 exit hurriedly and walk in long stride toward the theatre , camera pan with he , hold on he recede form . he be still a little dizzy and disorient . ext . kingston point HOTEL ~ theatre - late afternoon 214-5 as Richard hurry up the it and go inside , mutter to himself . richard miss mckenna ? ( frown ) elise ? ( scowl ) miss mckenna ? he groan . int . theatre lobby - close on placard 215 on a easel . it be lettere : " the famous american actress / miss elise mckenna / star in / ' wisdom of the heart ' / Friday , June 28 , 1912 ; at 8:30 p.m. " camera pan to reveal Richard approach . he stop to look at the placard , swallow ner ~ vously , then pull open the door to force himself on despite fail confidence . int . theatre - angle on doorway 216 alive with noise : hammer , bang , male and female voice , etc . Richard enter and look anxiously toward the stage . db 217 218 Rev. 6/1/72 #62125 66 ( xx ) what he sees 217 a group of actor and the director rehearse a scene in cne corner of the stage . several carpenter work on the set . the stage manager sit in the first row , argue with a other man . richard 218 brace himself , he move down the aisle to where the stage manager be sit . stage manager -- be out of here two hour after the play 's over ? that 's impossible . the man 's insane . other man Nonetheless , it 's what he want , and you know Robinson . stage manager i wish to God I do not . ( angrily ) all right , if he want we out of fiere so soon , let he doff he fine coat and help we tear the set down , pack the ~~ ( to Richard abruptly } what ? richard ( twitching ) be miss mckenna here ? . stage manager you have a message for she , give it here . I will see it reach she . richard I come to see she ~ stage manager ( wave he off ) well , I do not know , she may be back - stage , maybe not . i just do not know . Richard look around haplessly , then move next to the stage , one of they be Bones , ( X ) a very short , look at the actor . fat man , the other man be Fisher , normal size , miss hammond , a middle - age woman with they . all be act with flamboyant stridor . continued = swe 218 #02125 67 Rev. 6/1/79 { % ) ww sa '' continued bone and I say I shall have she ! miss hammond not in my life you shall not ! fisher demmit , cecily ! it 's not you place to say ! the director stop the rehearsal . director desist , good people ! {acidly ) this be comedy we be do , not ' King lear . 's let 's not put the author in he grave before he time . Richard take advantage of the lull in the rehearsal to pursue he inguiry . richard Excuse I , have you see miss mckenna ? the director look at Richard as if he be a insignificant fly and do not bother to answer . he turn he attention again to the actor . director ( with a tragic sigh ) let 's try again good people , from the beginning . fhe rehearsal resume . Richard walk down along the stage and approach one of the carpenter . richard Excuse I . could you tell I where I could find miss mckenna ? the carpenter answer in a juicy german , spraying Richard . richard ( averting he face danke shoen . he back off , turn and almost collide with a quickly walk , serious - face young man . continued ab 218 219 219 - a 220 #02125 68 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) continued ~ 2 218 richard Excuse I , have you --~ ? he break off as the young man brushes past he without a word , hurry on . Richard continue backstage . richard {to himself ) May I speak to you 4 moment , miss mckenna ? he groan softly . int . backstage of theatre 219 Richard try to make he way in the middle of the chaos and pandemonium of carpenter and prop man get the set ready . he approach one carpenter and inquiry about the dress room . the carpenter point towards a small door at the end of the backstage area . Richard exit through the door . int . dressing room corridor 219 - a Richard approach and stop in front of a unmark dress room door . he check he appearance , take a deep breath and knock on the door . this be the moment he have be wait for . genevieve ( o.s. ) come in . Richard open the door and freeze . int . dressing room 220 a heavy set actress , Genevieve , sit in a corsett be be outfit by she female dresser . she flash Richard a seductive smile , look at he reflection in the dress table mirror . genevieve ( musically ) come in , my love . richard I be uh , uh - <~ genevieve -- flustered , my sweet ? que 'est - ce que c'est ? never see a actress en deshabille before ? continued db 229 221 222 and 223 224 #02125 6 g Rev. 6/1/78 oo continved Sne make a multiple kissing ' sound . Richard 's smilie be war . richard ( back off ) Excuse I . I be leok for miss mckenna . genevieve most likely walk by the lake , my dear . richard - ( grateful ; pleased ) thank you . int . backstage Richard turn and be almost knock down by two stagehands carry a statue . Richard jump aside and bang against the wall . burly stagehand watch it , sonny . richard sorry . recovering , he hurry for the exit . omitted ext . theatre - sunset - angle on back door Richard come out and stop , close the door behind he . move to the edge of the outside walk and look toward the jake . it be aglow with the last ray of sunset . along the walk be a series of wooden bench . Beyond , the shore look 223 222 anc 223 224 empty . Richard start along . the walk , draw in deep breath , look ahead . richard ( to himself ) I just come sixty - seven year to see you , may I speak to you ? he make a pain sound . after a few moment , Richard reach the end of the walk and stop , look at the lake shore , notice a distinguished gentleman sit on a park bench , smoking a thin cigar . db 225 226 227 228 229 230 #02125 69-a Rev. 6/1/7 '' ( X ) richard's point of view - beach nothing visible . richard 226 look ; see nothing . suddenly , he stiffen as he seas : he point of view - a figure 227 in the distance , little more than a tiny outline , move almost inperceptibly against the b.g. of the water . Music start , tremulous , exciting . richard 228 stare at the figure . after all this time . he know it 's she . he point of view - figure 229 walk near the water hold she long dress above the sand . her approach seem dream - like in its slowness . ua a richard 2 start forward , camera with he . he descend a series of wooden step and turn toward the figure . au 231 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 #00590 70 he point of view - figure add to the dream-like vagueness of the moment be the nebulous sunset . moving shot ~ richard walk along the shore , he eye on the figure . he point of view ~ figure get closer . richard eye fix on the figure as he approach it . he point of view - woman' figure suddenly , she stop and stand immobile by the water , a silhouette against the last dim lambency of the sunset . she be look at Richard . richard continue on , still with no idea what to say but unable to stop , compel on by what he feel be the inevitability of this moment . he point of view ~ elise mc kenna as the camera draw closer and closer to she . close on richard as he near elise mckenna , he expression one of taut unea - iness . long shot - richard and elise 232 233 234 235 236 237 236 239 come together : closer ; closer ; she remain unmove . finally , Richard stop in front of she . camera hold . only the sounc of the water lap at the shore . da 240 241 242 243 244 eu2125 7 Rev. 6/16// ( X ) close on richard 240 stare at she , mind and body paralyze ; the sight of she have strike he dumb .. camera slowly pan to she . even though the light be dim , we see that she be infinitely lovelier than the photograph . she stare at he intently . closeup - richard 24 ) smitten by this close proximity to the very woman whose photo ~ graph he fall in love with in another time . . he point of view - elise 242 camera move in on she face as she speak . elise ( almost a whisper ) be it you ? richard 243 staggered by she word . he stare at she incredulously . richard and elise 244 elise be it ? richard ( impulsively ) yes . she make a faint noise and begin to waver . Richard reach out quickly to assist she and she tighten at he grip . richard ( concerned ) . be you all right ? elise ( daze , mechanical ) I be quite all right . richard I be sorry if I startle you . elise {as if by rote ) you do not startle I . continued 245 #02125 72 Rev. 6/1/79 ( xx ) continued richard {with the begin - ning of a smile ) I think I do . robinson ( o.s. ) I 'il take you into dinner now . Richard start and look around , camera withdraw fast to include William fawcett Robinson . he extend he arm to elise and Richard look at she . richard could I speak to you first ? he break off as Robinson move between he and elise , vir - tually shoulder he aside , he arm still extend . she take he arm and they start away . moving shot - elise and robinson 245 camera draw ahead of they , Richard in the b.g. , momentarily thwart . elise 's expression be that of a woman try hard to regain emotional balance , Robinson 's that of a man try not to accept what he feel may be the disturbing truth about Richard 's appearance . robinson ( try to sound casual ) who be he ? she look at he quickly , the question seem , somehow , inappropriate to she . then she decide to accept it as valid in order to avoid discussion . elise I do not know . robinson ( still forcedly . casual ) ke give no name ? elise ( with faint accusation ) there be hardly time .... in the b.g. , Richard start to follow they . robinson ( strain for humor ) you be converse , mckenna . continued da 245 246 247 248 249 #02125 73 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) continued elise ( immediately ) no. he look at she askance . elise not really . I be too .... she stop , begin to look back toward Richard . robinson yes . he be follow we . Robinson glance across he shoulder , then look at elise . / robinson keep walk . I will be right along . he turn back . elise move on for several pace , then slow down and stop , hesitates , finally turn back . elise as she turn to camera , a look of confuse distress on she face as she look at : richard and robinson Robinson almost back to Richard . closeup - elise very disturb . richard and robinson - elise in b.g. as they come together . - robinson ( warily ) you name , if you please . richard ( beat ) Richard collier . his response be unexpected and say in enough of a odd manner to put Robinson off balance . he struggle visibly to regain control . continued 245 246 247 248 da 249 250 251 #02125 74 and 75 Rev. 6/1/7¢ % ( x ) continued os robinson be you a guest at the hotel ? richard well , actually .... robinson neutting in ) be you ? richard yes . robinson then kindly stop annoying miss mckenna or I will see to it that you be put from the hotel . he turn away from Richard , who start to make a point , then do not have one to make and subside , frustrated again . elise and robinson 250 as Robinson come up to she , he arm extend once more . . elise what do you say to he ? robinson ( with a strain smile ) what have I always say to man like he , mckenna ? she take he arm and they continue toward the hotel . richard 251 abruptly angere by he lack of perseverance . brace he - self , he start after they . _ ecb 252 253 254 255 256 257 #00590 76 ( x ) ext . HOTEL road = moving shot - elise and robinson 252 . : t robinson you gown in Act one 's go to have to be redone , you know . she glance at he , know what he 's do : fall back on the reassurance of familiar detail . robinson I will discuss it with Marie later tonight . she do not respond but only draw in a labor breath of air . camera stop and they move out of scene , after a short while , Richard reach f.g. , camera pull ahead of he as he move along the walk , he eye on elise . ext , HOTEL entrance - twilight - moving point of view ~ 253 elise and robinson as they approach the hotel . elise glance toward Richard involuntarily as Robinson open the door and they go inside . ext . HOTEL entrance - twilight - moving shot 254 as he walk determinedly to the door and open it . int . lobby and dine room door area 255 as Richard enter and stride along the corridor , camera with he . he point of view 256 elise 's smile be strain as she and Robinson go into the dining room , greet deferentially by the bow maitre d' . richard 257 cross the lobby willfully , intent on he quest , camera with he as he move to the dining room entrance . he have to wait for several couple to go in before he . the maitre d* look at he . richard I be dining with miss mckenna . continued b i 258 #02125 77 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) continued 257 before the maitre d' can utter a word , Richard be past he and into the dining room . int . the dine room - night 258 o.s. , the sound of a light string orchestra play . Richard slow down and look around the crowded room , drift amor the table as he search for elise . we see rollo and maude , still argue . maude ( stiffly ) I have nothing to say , rollo . rollo ( suffer ) oh , God . suddenly , Richard start as someone 0.s. ppluck at he coat , yanking nim off balance . actress ( 0.s. ) mon cheri ! we meet again ! camera move to include the heavyset actress at a table with another actress and two actor . actress I so admire a man not hide~bound by the dictate of fashion . richard ( not know what she 's talk about ) what ? actress that admirable suit ! I have not see one like it for a decade ! richard ( startle ; look at she ) a decade ? Richard make a faint sound of distress . genevieve you name ? continued da # 02125 78 Rev. 6/1/79 ( x ) we uw oo 258 continued richard uh ... collier . genevieve ( with expan - sive gesture ) monsieur collier . Mademoiselle hammond . monsieur Fisher . mon - sieur Bones . Richard smile distractedly , glance around for elise and he shake a trio of hand . hammond enchanté , monsieur . bone even , collier ' fisher ( with a drunken smile ) Nice to meet you too . genevieve still look for miss mckenna ? richard ( anxiously ) yes . genevieve opoint ) over there . continued aéeo 359 360 361 361 - a 361 - B 362 #00590 131 continued 359 off , he sling they down and pull off the gag . he pull out he watch , react . insert ~ watch 360 after six o'clock . richard 361 reacting . he hurry for the doorway . montage 361 - a he exit from the stable and run with desperate speed to the hotel . ext . HOTEL porch - richard 361 - B run to entrance . int . MAIN corridor ~ angle from door to suite 117 362 Richard , panting , walk unevenly into £.g. and knock on the door . richard elise ?! ( knock again ) elise ! he wait , then pound on the door . richard elise ! there be no sound from the room . with a sob , he lean he head against the door . he stand there , breathe hard . clerk ( 0.s. ) six ? Richard start , gasp , and look around . no 363 and 364 365 366 367 368 #92125 . 132 Rev. 6/1/79 {x ) three shot including clerk and young arthur 363 and look at Richard curiously , 364 clerk be you all right ? richard the company -- be it go ? clerk company ? richard the one who do the play last night . be they go ? clerk they leave as soon as they be pack , sir . . crushed , Richard turn away , camera hold on Arthur watch Richard move toward the exit . omltted 365 ext . HOTEL porch ~- angle over bench ~ richard 366 leave the hotel and walk toward camera . reaching f.g. , he slump on the bench , try not to cry but barely able to pre - vent himself , he sit there , one hand over he eye , camera move in slowly on he until he face fill the screen , Long moment pass ; then suddenly --- elise ( 0.s , ) ( from a distance ) Richard ! he look up quickly , too stunne to react . point of view - elise - . 367 run toward he . richard 368 almost unable to believe he eye . he stand and move in i she direction . richard ( whisper ) elise . continued ee [ rd kt 368 369 #00590 133 continued 368 camera stay with he as he move faster and faster until he meet she and they be cling to each other desperately . he press he face into she hair , breathe hard . richard I think I would lose you . elise Richard . she draw back and they kiss , cling to each other . they hold each other for a while . then she draw back to look at he worriedly , caress he cheek . elise what happen ? richard it do not matter . l'll. tell you later . elise I be so sure William have have some - thing terrible do to you . ( pause ) he say that you would confess you ( x ) be a fortune hunter . richard , ( smile wanly ) good old William . elise nlean she head against he ) t be so horribly frighten , Richard . richard there 's nothing to be frighten of . not any more . . they kiss again and camera start to circle they , move slowly . slow dissolve to int . elise's bedroom - minute later 369 camera still cireling slowly as Richard and elise embrace each other , kissing passionately . cirele camera move in on they until they head fill the screen . slow dissolve to kt # 00590 134 370 montage 370 @ Richard and elise together , make love . a extend and idyllic sequence . dissolve to 371 int . bedroom - later - late afternoon ~ high angle on richard 371 and elise the two sit , cross~legged , on the floor , have a " picnic " of cracker , cheese , fruit and wine . she be wear a robe , he be dress but shirtless , vestless and coatless . both be barefoot . camera move down on they as they eat with appetite , smile at each other . elise {childlike ) . you will marry I , will not you ? Richard burst out laugh at she unexpected question . elise look startle . elise you will not ? ) richard {still laugh ) of course , it will . I be laugh at the way you ask . elise ( relieved ) oh . I think maybe you have a wife and child somewhere . richard ( still chuckle ) no. ( beat ; kissing she hand ; _chidingly ) elise .... she smile and they lean toward each other , they kiss long and sweet . she look at he with devotion . elise I want to be everything to you , Richard . richard 9 you be . : continued . wmiiasa se 371 #02125 135 Rev. 6/1/72 ( x ) continued 372 elise ( smile with gentle acceptance ) I know how unskill I be at make love . how could I be otherwise ? ( the smile be - come roguish ) I have no background , sir , and no experience . I move too clumsily and forget my line . I forget the very name of the play , I be so involved in it . ( madly ) I go berserk on stage . press forward , she kiss he hungrily . they kiss for a long time . as they separate , Richard speak breathiessly . richard the part be yours . her reactive laughter so delight he thet he hug she tightly . elise ( run on happily ) tell I more about yourself , love . what sort of play do you write ? be there part in they for I ? I would love to act in one of they . assume that I ever want to act again after tonight --- richard ( smile ) you will . elise ( return the smile ) I know it will . - they kiss . elise oh , I love you , Richard . always . always . they hold each other , then , after a while , he speak - richard good play . continued da # 02125 136 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) 371 continued - 2 371 elise ( smile ) what ? richard I write good play . elise ( laugh ) I never let you answer , do I ? I be sorry . she kiss he . elise . I be sure they be wonderful . ( smile ) |. what time do you think it be ? richard ( he 's lose track of time ) I do not know . he start to get up but she hold he back . elise no , no . i'1i look . she get up and walk to where he vest be hang over a chair back . removing the watch , she look at it . elise almost five . richard ( surprised ) I do not feel sleepy at all . elise nsmile ) neither do I . ~ she put the watch on the dresser , look at he suit . elise the first thing I intend to do for you --- richard you have already do . ecb 258 259 260 261 and 262 #00590 793 continued - 2 258 Richard look o.s. fisher indulging in the light fantastic , as t'were . richard's point of view - the dance floor 259 a few dozen couple dance , among they elise with the stage manager . richard and group 260 richard thank you . he start off . the heavyset actress make a languid gesture of farewell . actress a bientot , my love . the quartet exchange smile and snicker . moving shot - richard : 262 and as he walk to the dance floor and brace himself , tap the 262 stage manager on the shoulder . richard Excuse I . stage manager ( take back ) I beg you pardon . Richard take elise away from he . richard thank you . camera move with they as they start to dance . she have be ~ cover some of she composure but Richard 's reappearance have jy : disturb she once more . elise what do you think you be do ? continued ps 261 and 262 #02125 890 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) . continued 261 richard ang Dancing with you . 262 elise ( strain ) we do not even know each other . richard ( impulsively ) I know everything about you . elise odraw back ; suspiciously ) yes , I be sure you do . startle , he step on she foot , wince . richard I be sorry . ( beat ; off balance ) what do you mean ? elise ( try to dis - engage herself ) if you will excuse I . richard you do not understand . elise {coolly ) I think I do . richard ( with sudden desperation ) please do not leave . you do not know how far I have come to be with you . she want to get away from he but connot force herself to do so . something in he manner ~- not to mention he appearance ~~ arrest she will . still , she be uneasy in he presence . richard you act as though you be afraid of I . he step on she foot again . continued meet eaTaar mage om ps 261 and 262 #02125 81 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) continued - 2 2 éi richard ane ( wince ) 262 it must be because of my dance . despite the pain in she foot and the doubt in she mind , she almost smile . richard tome really not that bad . it 's just that I be nervous and ~~ oh , God . he 's do it again ! richard ( haplessly ) we would better sit down before I cripple you . she start to speak , then look across he shoulder suddenly . Richard turn , camera move to include Robinson and the maitre d' . robinson this man be a intruder . kindly see to it he be escort from the premise . the maitre d' take hold of Richard 's arm , address he coolly . maidre d' if you will , sir . Richard look at elise pleadingly as he be draw away from she . she hesitates , then speak impulsively . elise one moment . ( as the maitre d' stop ) t'11 walk out with he . Robinson look at she in surprise . continued i ae 261 and 262 263 #00590 82 {x} continued - 3 261 ané 262 maitre d! ( politely ) but of course . he move away and elise start toward Richard . Robinson take hold of she arm . robinson ( softly ) be you sure you want to do this ? elise I will be right back , William . disturb , he back off , elise start walk with Richard toward the lobby . he look at she gratefully . Robinson watch they go . richard thank you . elise do not respond but walk across the dining room with Richard , camera follow . they pass the heavyset actress ' table and she raise she glass of wine . actress together at last ! c'est marveilleux ! elise 's expression harden at this , but she say nothing to the actress . she and Richard pass through the entryway . int . porch dine room - night 262 Richard glance at she uneasily , wonder what she be about to say . camera draw around to reveal that she be lead he to a corner where she face Richard , determine to get to the bottom of this . elise you name , please ? he react in surprise but answer obediently . richard Richard collier . continued meem 263 #02125 continued 33 Rev. 6/1/79 ( xx ) 263 elise you place of residence ? richard ( more confuse ) Chicago . elise you profession ? richard I be a playwright . elise ( newly sus ~ picious ) a playwright ? richard | yes , what ~~ ? ( realize ) wait a second . you do not think I be here because -~~ elise ( struggle to be rational ) you say you know everything about I . richard ntry to avoid that tack now ) well , I mean --- elise ( overlap ) -- which be patently absurd . you could not possibly know everything . we have never meet . you be a stranger to I . richard then why do you say ' be it you ? ' elise {tense again ) I do not have to answer that . richard ( almost childlike in he distraction ) I know you do not . I wish you would though . continued mmy 263 264 265 #02125 a4 Rev. 6/1/73 ( X ) with oo with continued - 2 richard ( cont would ) nsee something o.s. ; distress ) oh , what 's the matter with he ? she look in the same direction , reacting badly . point of view shot - robinson 264 at the entrance to the dining room , watch they . richard and elise 265 elise ( defend Robinson ) he 's watch out for I as he have always do . . richard - why ? do I look dangerous ? the pain confusion elise be experience be suddenly too much for she to deal with . she start to turn away . richard wait . she stop and look back tensely . richard when will I see you again ? she stare at he . a crucial moment for she . she can not resolve she ambivalent feeling , speak impulsively . elise I do not know . she walk away from Richard , camera draw ahead of she , she expression one of worried indecision . as she reach Robinson , he speak , camera stop . robinson be everything well ? elise yes , thank you . he look at she as she walk past he into the dining room , move out of scene . he look at Richard , he expression continued mmy 265 266 267 267 - a #02125 85 Rev. 6/1/79 ( x ) ut continued . 26 strange , unreadable , then move out of scene . camera hold on Richard who look toward the dining room for a while , then move to a sofa and sink gown on it . soon , he lower he head and stare at the floor defeatedly . dissolve to omitted 266 int . elise's sitting room - later - close on white gown 267 fhe one we see in Laura Roberts ' home ; now , of course , new . Marie 's hand be see , quickly stitching . camera start to withdraw . robinson I be sorry . it be not right . marie what if we take some off ? here ? robinson no . that area do not bother I , Marie . ( switch to french ) c'est la taille que je trouve lourde et decevante . marie et si on ajoutait une jolie dentelle ? Juste ici ? robinson peut etre .... ( back to English ) but keep the flow of the line ... and have it ready in the morning . marie I will do my best . int . bedroom - close on elise 267 - a gaze at she reflection as she brushes she hair , a small smile on she lip . on the dress table be the silver - decorate combo , hand mirror and perfume bottle we see in Laura Roberts 's house . elise be use the silver - decorate brush . in the other room , the voice stop . after a while , she look into the mirror , camera move to show Robinson reflect , stand in the open doorway , look at she . after several moment , he speak . continued Rev. 6/1/79 mam 402125 86 ( x ) 267-a continued 267 -m , robinson , you be smile , nekenna . she look at he reflection for several moment before speak . } elise ; I feel good . 267-b 267 -8 , and omitted and ' 267-c 267-c , 267-d two shot ~- elise and robinson 267 - D } he shrug and smile be miniscule . robinson he be a handsome young man but rather ill-mannered . well , I do not want to cloud the picture . tril : keep a eye on he ; see to it he , do not overstep the bound . elise ( with a humor k less smile ) you make it sound so simple . robinson ( almost stearnly ) nothing be ever simple , be it ? t aa faint smile on he lip . he gaze at she -~ with what emotion we can only guess . at last he speak . robinson sleep well , mckenna . = = = he turn away and move out of sight . after a few moment , the o.s. corridor door close . blise stare at the doorway to the sit room , then , finally , rise with a sigh and move toward she bed , start to remove she robe . she get into bed , sit motionless awhile , then turn off the bedside table lamp and lie down . there be moonlight on she lovely face . . elise ( ironically ) sleep well . she stick she tongue out and give a 1912 version of br like bronx cheer . fter a while , she turn she h goon t pillow and gaze toward the window . camera hold moment . gate mmy 268 269 270 271 272 273 274 and 275 276 277 #02125 87 Rev. 6/1/79 ( x ) point of view shot - window 268 curtain move in the breeze . ext . window - night 269 camera pan until we see a figure come out of a side door and move onto a porch , head toward a group of wicker chair . richard 270 he reach and sit on one of the chair ; gaze toward the lake , he expression somber . point of view shot ~ lake 271 a beautiful sight in the moonlight . dissolve to ext . HOTEL ~ dawn 272 barely light . camera move in on the porch where Richard sit , slump over and asleep . close on richard 273 as he stir and wake up , sit up slowly , wince at the stiif - ness in he body . there be a bit of stubble on he face . he make strange face as he carefully stretch he upper torso , then stand , leg wobble before he get they under control . richard I have turn to stone . stretch he back grimacingly , he finally take the watch from he pocket and look at it . 274 omitted and 275 insert ~- watch face 276 just past six a.m. : omitted 207 er ue mam 278 #02125 88 rev , 6/1/79 ( X ) int . MAIN corridor ~- early morning 278 as Richard enter and walk toward £.g. , 5 stretch , he back still stiff . reaching the corridor , Richard turn right and move to the door of elise 's suite and stare at it uncertainiy : start to raise he hand to knock , then lower it . he stancs hesitantly , then , brace himsel® , knock on the door softly . there be no answer . Richard grimace , wait . finally , he raise he hand to knock again . continued ss fi059c 89 278 continued '' 278 elise ( o.s . ) who be it ? richard ( with a quick breath ) Richard collier . moment pass . he wait in a agony of suspense . he be about to speak again when the door be unlock and open and elise stand there in she gown and robe . it be obvious that he have not awaken she ; she look tired and unsettle . richard ( warily ) good morning . she stare at he almost accusingly , make he cringe a little . be ask the first thing that occur to he . richard sleep all right ? elise ( astringently ) wonderfully . richard ( wince ) I be sorry . ( beat ; to balance thing ) I do not sleep well either . ( beat ) I be on a porch chair , of course . elise ( something new to be disturb about ) do not you even have a room ? richard ( too quickly ) iwill . at 9:18 . she stare at he . that make no sense at all . richard ( change the subject fast ) I -- I mean ... would you like to go to breakfast ? elise at six aim .? continued — a =o db 272 #92125 90 Rev. 6/i/7 continued - 2 ( xx ) 278 richard oh. well. later ? elise I do not eat breakfast on performance day . richard ( know that ) no , of course you do not . lunch then . elise Mr. collier --~ richard not Mr. collier . elise ( a new concern ) - be not that you name ? richard yes ! it 's «-- elise shhi richard ( alarmed ) what 's the matter ? elise ( point ) Marie be sleep in the other bedroom . {as he stare ) my may .... richard ( softer ) oh , I be sorry . ( beat ; continue ) of course my name be collier . tf just hope you would call I by my first name . elise ( tightly ) why should I -~ ? richard ( assuagingly ) oh ! well , may I see you today ? continued ss # 50590 $ l 278 continued - 3 elise ( tightly ) itil be rehearse all day . richard ( loudly ) all day ?! she slap at the air in front of he . elise shh ! you will wake she up ! richard - {softly but strongly ) good ! I will take she to breakfast then ! maybe she will be more cooperative ! she want to be angry but can not , allow a helpless smile and sound to escape . elise stop it . please . richard will you walk with I ? elise I can not . richard ( look suddenly '' derange " ) I will throw water in she face . she make a spluttering sound , attempt , in vain , not to laugh . he grab one of she hand . richard walk with I . pkease . she be oppress again . . ( X ) elise oh .... she draw she hand away , look at he with chagrin and in - decision . richard say yes . continued ~~ d b b b = kt # 00550 92 278 continued - 4 273 richard ( cont would ) ( beat ; prompt ) yes , I will walk with you and talk with you and not be afraid of you ( X ) and resolve everything and we will .... elise ( overlap ) all right ! she fling the door shut in he face . he flinch , stare at the door . after several moment , she yank it open again , glaring at he . elise ( deliciously fierce ) one o'clock . 279 int , vestibule - close on elise 279 she almost slam the door again , ' then hold it back convulsively . elise {a taut whisper ) in front of the hotel . she slam the door again . marie ( 0.8 . ) { X ) ( sleepily ) Mademoiselle ? elise groan and make a face . 280 int . corridor - day - richard stare at the door , non - pluss , richard she 's crazy about I . as he start away from she iroom , camera move to reveal , in the b.g. , Robinson stand in the doorway to he room , have just see Richard leave elise 's room . camera move in fast on he face . his expression be a strange one , compound of ( % ) anger and fear . camera hold on it . 251 ext . patio dine room - day ~ later - close on richard 281 eat breakfast . after a few moment , he look up , as ©.5. - , a chair be pull out and someone sit across from he . Richard hesitates , then continue eat . continued i } > : 93 Rev. 6/1/79 db # 02125 ( x ) 231 continued 287 richard ( flatly ) can I talk you into join I ? 282 another angle - including robinson 282 sit across the table from Richard , appraise he stonily . robinson where be you from , collier ? Robinson wait . richard Chicago . where be you from ? robinson {with a steely smile ) do not attempt to gull I , sir . richard ( as he eat ) Love the way you talk . robinson I understand you be a playwright . richard you understand correctly . robinson no doubt you aspire to witness miss mckenna perform in one of you opera . Richard look at he questioningly . robinson ( a scornful smile ) plural of opus ; " I presume you have write more than one . richard ( smile ) and see they produce . robinson really . he feel as though he be move into safe water now and lean back in he chair . continued kt 282 #00590 94 ( x ) continued 282 robinson I be not exactly unfamiliar with the achievement of the american stege in the past decade . perhaps I have see one . richard ( unruffled ) I doubt it . robinson . that make two of we . ( beat ) I , also , doubt that I will ever see one star miss nckenna . Richard put down he fork . richard ( seriously ) you do not really think that 's what I be here for , do you ? they look at each other in silence and something strange happen to Robinson 's face as he stare at Richard -- a inner struggle end with a realization of loss ~- a last hope overpower . how this happen , we do not know at the moment but we see it happen in Robinson 's expression . he react to this atypically ; with sudden , ill-disguised anger and resistence . robinson ( lose aim ) what be it you want ? money ? richard I know you do not believe that either . robinson I warn you , collier . ' there be the law and I will not hesitate to make avail of it . richard on what charge , lr. Robinson ? another exchange look . then , sighing , Richard pick up he fork and start to eat again as though Robinson have leit . this enrage the older man and he stand abruptly , shaking the table . Richard start and look up at he . robinson ( voice barely control ) the matter be conclude , collier . you may depend on it . continued kt 232 282-a 233 284 #00590 35 continued = 2 2eh richard ( X ) ( quietly ) no. Robinson stiffen . for a moment or two , it be not inconceiv ~ ( x ) able that he will hurl himself at Richard 's throat . then he smile -- a erratic , meaningless smile under the circumstance '' - and turn away , walk out of scene . Richard watch hin go , a grave expression on he face . dissolve to ( x ) ( onitted 282-a int . lobby - angle on clock 282 Quarter after nine . camera pan down to show Richard crossing the lobby , carry bag purchase from the hotel drug store . he come to the desk . the clerk look up . clerk good morning , sir . richard good morning . I would like --- clerk ( eut he off ) Excuse I , sir . ( to someone , o.s . ) Arthur ? Richard look around . point of view - arthur the little boy be stand across the lobby , look guilty , he ball bounce away . tw of '' richard and clerk 235 clerk ( with a strain smile ) Excuse I again , sir . as Richard watch , the clerk go into the lobby ané pick u the ball , glaring at Arthur . returning , the clerk put the b under the counter . e alk clerk ( tightly ) I be sorry , sir . richard ( smile ) that 's all right . ( beat ) I would like a room , please . continued 4 i i ' } my 285 286 287 #00590 96 continued . 225 clerk ( startle : see no luggage ) do not you have one ? richard ( catch off guard ) uh...no . I be ill when I arrive last night . I stay with a friend . clerk ( beat ) I see . he hesitates . Richard glance at the clock , get nervous . richard you have a room ? clerk uh...yes ; yes . he turn and look at the key slot , turn back after several moment to place a tag key on the desk in front of Richard . Richard pick it up and look at it , reacting badly . insert - tagged key 286 camera inon the number : 420 . _ richard and clerk 287 Richard suddenly disorient , stare at the tag key in bewilderment . he put it down as though he do not want to touch it . clerk one single , three dollar a day , bathroom privilege extra . would you care to sign the register , sir ? ichard look at he numbly . something about the discrepancy disturb he terribly ; as though it mean that everything be go to go wrong now . richard be you sure this be the right one ? clerk right one , sir ? Richard do not know what else to say . several awkward moment continued my 287 288 : 289 #00590 37 continued 287 pass before a seconc clerk walk by , see the key and casually pick it up . second clerk oh ; sorry , Mr. beal . that room be reserve . forget to put a notice in the slot . a very audible sigh escape Richard . the clerk glance at he in surprise , then turn to get another key . Richard glance at the o.s. clock with rise tension . the clerk turn back and put another key on the counter . Richard can not restrain another sigh -- with a accompany , involuntary grin . quickly , he grab the pen and lean over the register . insert ~ register 288 the page we see in the attic , now new . Richard sign : Richard collier -- Chicago , Ill . _ richard and cler 289 he be about to write in the rest when the clerk turn the register , startling he . he stare at the clerk as the clerk , murmure " Excuse I , '' take the pen from Richard 's hand and write in room 416 , start to turn to check the clock . richard ( quickly ) $ :18 a.m. clerk thank you , sir . he make the entry . Richard exhales heavily . richard bingo . clerk sir? richard ( smile ) nothing. I ) : cler uhat room be you luggage in , sir ? continued my 289 289 - a 289-3 289 -c 289 - D #00590 98 continued 289 richard oturn away ) that 's all right . I will get it myself later . as he start for the elevator , he look toward Arthur again and stop . point of view - arthur 289a sit on a chair , look very woe begone , tear trickle down he cheek . richard 289 - B smile at Arthur in sympathy . now he look around . Arthur 's father be turn away , converse with the second clerk . Richard hesitates , then step lightly to the counter , reach over and under it and come up with the ball . he walk to Arthur , camera with he and hand the ball back , repress aosmile . he tousle Arthur 's hair . richard see you around , Arthur . as he move away , Arthur watch he go . he be only eive but he will remember this moment . for a long time . dissolve to int . FOURTH floor corridor - angle on door to room 416 289 - C as it open and Richard emerge , dress but with he shirt off . he be carry the shave cup , brush , soap , razor , toothbrush , tooth powder , and towel . balance everything with difficulty , he lock the door to he room and move to the door mark gentlemen . it be ajar and he enter , close the door . camera move in on the door . int , bathroom - richard - moment later 289 - D he finish lather and rinsing off the brush , set it in its cup , pick up the razor . he open it , grimace at the sight . he make several abortive pass at he face before finally steeling himself to begin . he clenches he tooth and very ginerly , start to shave , the scraping noise horrendous to he . almost immediately , he nick himself and hiss . he try to shave with more care : nick himself a second time . continued 3 cal my 289 - D 289 - E 290 291 292 #00590 99 continued 285-5 richard qh , boy . he hesitates , then , with tooth gritt again , try once more . nick himself again , hiss . richard ( look at the razor ) it 's a goddamn murder weapon . brace himself , he start again , very cautiously , he face a mask of tense anticipation . camera hold . int , corridor - later - angle on door - man 289 ~- E fhe door be unlock and open and Richard emerge , cheek , chin and throat festoon with nineteen fragment of tissue paper , the toilet article pile in he arm , a dignify leok on he face . richard Morning . man ( astonished at the sight ) Morning . he watch Richard walk away , camera draw around to keep Richard in sight . man ( to himself ) astonish . dissolve to ext . HOTEL porch - day - later ~ richard 290 pace back and forth . close on richard - moving shot 291 there be still a few tissue paper fragment stick to he face ; the rest of the nick have dry . after a few moment , he take out he watch and check it , wince slightly at the time . returning the watch to its pocket , he continue pace worriedly . as he turn , he react with sudden pleasure , see --~ omitted 292 at my # 00590 100 292-a elise . 292- a come out of the hotel , she expression harry as she move toward camera with a brisk pace . 293 two shot - richard and elise 293 Richard smile as they come together . she take he arm a little forcibly . elise shall we go ? he make a tiny , startle sound as she pull he off balance when they start off . he begin to speak , but she cut he off . elise I be sorry I be late . there be complication . re start to reply but she cut he off again , notice he face . elise what do you do to you face ? richard ( catch himself ; . sheepishly ) shave . she look at he curiously . richard {beat ; cover ) New blade be not sharp enough . elise I shudder to think what you would look like if it be any sharper . as she speak , she look across she shoulder . Richard start to do the same . elise do not tell I . we be be trail by -- ( see he ) -- who else ? my 294 294 - a 294-3 295 295 -a 295 -b #00590 iol point of view - robinson 294 walk after they at a distance ; not attempt to catch up but obviously keep a eye on they . richard and elise - moving shot 294 -2 richard I get to give he credit , he 's a bulldog . ( see she disturb expression ) you want I to speak to he ? elise it would not do a bit of good . nsee something o.s. with a tight smile ) I think I know what would , though . she yank he off balance again , pull he fast . camera a pan to show she run he to a open carriage and horse . she jump , unassist , into the driver 's seat and Richard barely have time to get in himself before she make the horse gallop off , cause Richard to nearly fall into the back seat . elise laugh , delighted . robinson - 294 - B watch they departure , he feature as though carve from stone . dissolve to ext . HOTEL road - day = later ~- long shot 295 the carriage appear from b.g. , move now at a leisurely speed . ext . town ~ MAIN STREET ~ runby 295 -8 int . carriage - richard and elise 295 -3 Richard look back . ~ elise what be you look for ? richard I think maybe he be run after we . she laugh a little , look at he , then make a sound which , transiate , might say '' it 's incredible . " continued 102 Rev. 6/1 79 da # 92125 a 295-b continued ; richard what ? elise {as though the notion baffle she ) I have actually miss you . richard ( pause ; adoringly ) how odd . I have not miss you at all . she have to smile . see it make Richard smile . camera hold . 296 ext . lake shore and lighthouse - later - angle past carriage 296 the carriage park , Richard and elise start onto the lake shore beach . Richard take she arm in the mode of 1979 , then , as she look at he curiously , withdraw he hand and , instead , offer she he arm to hold . she take it and they move away . 296-a richard and elise ~ moving shot 296 ~ a she have a serious expression on she face . elise you must understand , Mr. collier . he look at she with gentle accusation . she sigh conzedi . elise Richard ... it 's not easy to be a successful actress ... and a woman . through the year I have find it necessary to protect myself ... so understand , please understand . that I be even with you when we only meet last night be --- richard yes . I wonder why you seem a bit afraid of I last night . she do not know what to say - richard have it anything to do with you say , ' be it you ?'? continue . km # 02125 103 Rev. ( x ) 296°a continued elise : yes. ( pause ; hesitatingly ) I be expect ..-- she can not make herself finish . richard I ? elise ( quickly ) someone . richard who ? as she hesitates . richard tell I . elise ( uneasily ) tome afraid you would laugh . richard be it funny ? elise ( smile sadly ) in a way . ( pause ) William tell I you be come . richard ( stunne ) Robinson ? elise yes . he ... know somehow . he really do . he know many thing before they happen ... my career ...my ... he tell I one day I would meet a man ... ( beat ) ... and that man would change my life . richard pid he tell you I be someone to beware of ? she hesitates . he wait it out . finally --- 6/1/79 296 - a continued da 2967a 296 - B #02125 104 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) the will a i v continued - 2 elise yes . she try to smile but can not . richard do you still believe it ? elise ( pause ) I ...do not know what to believe . ( beat ) you be obviously not ...- - she can not finish . he smile faintly . she manage a smile . elise I do not believe in destiny , Richard . I believe that we make we life what they be . richard so do I . they reach a rowboat on the peach and Richard look at it , at she . ext . lighthouse island , 296 - B as Richard row the boat in to the shore and help elise out . they walk in silence for a while until they reach a boulder which overlook the lake . she sit on it and look at the water . she look at Richard . then , gently , she remove the tiny scrap of tissue paper from he face . tiny fragment remain . elise stick out you tongue . he do and she wet a tip of she handkerchief , gently stroking off the fragment of tissue . elise there . he gaze at she silently , he love for she very clear . now he smile , completely charming she . she return it , then sigh . elise a most peculiar moment in my life , Mr. collier . continued 296 - B #02225 105 Rev. 6/1/79 ( x ) continued 296-8 richard ( smile ) you will survive it , miss mckenna . they gaze at each other for a while . then she have to change the subject , feel herself awaken . elise fall I more about yourself . richard well ... ( remember with a smile ) '' + e I love mahler too . the theme we have hear . elise oh , yes . he 's a marvelous conductor . richard oh , but I love he music ... ( beat ) ..- he 's a wonderful composer . elise I never know he write music . richard {not lie well ) I read about it somewhere . ( pause ; smile ) a long time ago . elise {pause } what time be it ? take out he watch , he open it . richard a little after two -thirty . elise I should be get back . richard do you have to ? continued } mmy 296 - B 297 #02125 106 through 168 Rev. 6/1/79 continued - 2 296-b elise ( hesitates ) yes . i... have to rest awhile . the play .... richard ( nod ) I understand . he react as she take the watch from he hand and look at it . elise it 's lovely . May I see it ? ( pause ; hand '' it back ) where do you get it ? he swallow , manage a smile . richard it be give to I . she nod , then stand . he put the watch away as he get up and they start back toward the rowboat . ext . HOTEL porch - late afternoon - moving shot - richard 297 and elise walk toward the hotel ahead , both silent . after a while , Richard feel that he must say something to break the silence . richard how long will you be do the play here ? elise nsurprise at the question ) dust tonight . richard ( startle ) I think play run for week . continued aco 297 238 299 £00590 . 109 continued . 297 elise oshake she head ) it 's only part of a tour . richard then you be leave tomorrow ? elise ( pause ) tonight . richard ( stunne ) where ? elise Denver . the news be extremely disturbing to he . omitted 298 int , corridor - angle from door to room 117 299 Richard and elise appear from the lobby and walk to she door . she hand he the key , make he think that she be invite he in . with a faint smile , he unlock the door and turn to she . she look at he a few moment , then extend she hand . elise thank you for a pleasant afternoon , Richard . realizing that have he unlock the door be only a social formality , he hand back the key . richard May we talk a little longer ? elise I really should rest . richard please . she stare at he . every emotional reflex in she tell she to back off . but there be this thing between they , this my ~ - terious thing she cannot overcome . elise {at last ) just for a moment or so . continued 7 sos oo aeo 299 300 #00590 110 continued 29 % richard all right . she go inside and he follow . she start to close the door . int . vestibule of suite - elise 300 close the door and turn to look at Richard , remain where she be as though afraid to enter the sit room . silence as they look at each other . finally , she gaze fall , rise again . elise what do you want to ... talk about ? her voice have fade ; she be silent again . they stare at one another , a aura of emotion building steadily and irresistably around they . moment pass . then , reach up slowly , Richard put he hand on she upper arm . she draw in sudden breath . elise no . she do not move though . now he reach up he hand =~ stili slowly , very slowly , and press one palm to each side of she face , tilting it gently back . her eye peer deeply into he , as though she be search for some kind of answer she can understand ; as though she know that , whether or not she find that answer , involvement be about to claim she . elise {a whisper ; pleadingly ) no. Richard kiss she softly on the lip . elise ( whisper ) oh , God , what 's happen to I ? abruptly , he arm be around she , hold she tightly . he kiss she again . she struggle for a instant more , make a sound of resistance , then , suddenly , slide she arm around he , kissing back . moment . then a sudden knock on the door make they jerk they head apart with mutual gasp . robinson ( 0.8 . ) elise . ( x ) continued aeo 300 #00590 111 continued 300 the impact on she be severe . the instant she hear Robinson 's voice , every motivation which have make she stay aloof from man so many year rush back and she pull away from Richard . : richard do not answer he . another demand knock . robinson {o.s. ) elise . {x ) she step quickly to a mirror and , see she reflection , make a pain sound , both palm jump to she flushed cheek as though to hide they , look around , she move hurriedly to a water pitcher , dip she finger in it and pat they against she cheek . robinson ( 0.5 . ) I know you be in there . elise ( chillingly cold ) I will be out in a moment . she take in deep breath , trving to control herself , fum - bling with she hair to make sure nothing be out of place . then , turn , she brushes past Richard and open the door . Robinson stand there , he face a mask of intense hostility . robinson {to Richard ; murderously ) I think you have better go . elise ( icily ) have you be wait all this time for we return ? robinson this be scarcely the time for dis - ~ cussion , elise . elise ( X ) have you ? robinson { X ) yes . do that surprise you ? elise ( X ) we relationship be one of business , not --- continued ke 304 % 301 302 303 a-303 - a 292125 112 Rev. 671/73 robinson ntry hard not to erupt ) one of business ? you can say that after -- ? elise ( overlap ) I be involved with you as a actress , Mr. Robinson , not a doormat ! ( infuriate ) do not attempt to wipe you boot on_me - Robinson seem to pale at she word . she turn to Richard . elise T will leave a ticket for you at the theatre door . he start to say something else , then realize that she want he to go and nod . richard all right . squeeze she arm , he start from the room . int . corridor - day ~- angle on door 301 unseen by elise , Richard give Robinson a look as he leave , walkimg out of scene . Robinson glare after he , then look at the door in startlement as elise shut it in he face and lock it . after several moment of reacting to the shock of that , Robinson look at Richard again . point of view shot - richard 302 move toward the lobby , walk . robinson 303 expression rigid as he watch Richard move away . dissolve to ext . HOTEL - night - carriage leaving a~303-a tarr mere suar gero ss 303 - a 304 through 306 307 308 309 #00590 i13 ext . theatre - night - angle on trolley 303 - 2. as it be pull up and step , the various passenger debark - ing , Richard among they . as he reach f.g. , camera draw away from he . he be listen to a couple talk . man saw she do ' the Little Minister 's in New York City . woman any good ? the man clear he throat for a moment of suspense . man oh , yes . wonderful . she dominate the stage at all time . Richard smile , bask in the comment . camera hold on he . 304 omitted through 306 insert - program 307 the same one we see in the display case earlier , now freshly print . Mr. William faweett Robinson present miss elise mckenna in the original production of the Comedy in four act entitle wisdom of the heart by Mr. bartlett Wells found upon he novel of the same name . beneath that be two notate line of music with the title " louisa 's waltz " ( tempo di valse ) by wm. Forster . camera hold as the program be lower and we see the audience , among they a frigid maude , a rigid rollo . camera move toward the stage as the light dim and the orchestra start play '' louisa 's Music '' from the overture . camera move in on Richard move around he to show he expression of smile expectancy . after a while , o.s. , the overture end and , after a moment , the curtain open . Richard smile appreciatively , and the audience make a sound of approval , a few member applaud . omitted 308 angle on stage 309 the beautifully appoint bedroom of a wealthy woman . continued ae ss 309 310 311 312 312- a 313 314 314 - a #00590 114 continued 309 abigail , a may , be open the bed . louisa ( elise ) come in , wear the white gown , with long white glove , a look of despair on she face . the o.s. audience start to applaud . richard applaud , delighted . move to see the gown . prompter smile ; pleased . director smile ; pleased . robinson observe grimly . back to stage abigail curtsy nervously . abigail good evening , miss . louisa not good at all . particularly bad . ( beat ) I will not go downstairs again . louisa remove the glove . richard ( X ) 316 311 312 312- a {x ) 313 314 watch with a ador smile . louisa sigh heavily on stage . back to stage abigail what be it , miss ? louisa I have just be dining with the man my father be determine that I wed . continued 314-a ss 314 - a 315 316 317 317 - a 318 #00590 continued be the audience laugh . richard smile ; pleased . prompter smile ; pleased . director smile ; pleased . robinson 314-4 abigail banker harwell ? louisa banker harwell , yes . all sixty - seven year and five- foot - four of height and several hundred pound of he . 315 316 317 317 -a despite the grimness of he attitude , he can not help a quick ( X ) inward breath , a look of obvious adoration . back to scene 318 abigail ( try to comfort ) he do have money though . louisa and never let a soul forget it . I be amaze he have the least desire to marry , he 's so happily wedd to he gold . the audience laugh again . abigail perhaps it will not be that bad , miss . there must be something you like about hin , continued ss 318 319 320 320 - a 321 322 * 323 #00590 116 continued - 318 louisa yes . his absence . the audience laugh again . louisa walk to the front of the stage . louisa the man of my dream have almost fade now . prompter 319 smile go . he check the script . director 320 stare . robinson 3209 " a eye narrow , " sense " what be about to take place . ( xx ) back to stage 321 abigail nconfuse ) uh-uh-uh -- what man be that , miss ? louisa the one I have create in my mind . ( fervently ) the sort of man each woman dream of in the deep and most secret reach of she heart . prompter _ 322 frown ; run he finger down the script page . have he lest he mind ? director and stage manager 323 director what be she do ? ss 323- a 324 325 326 327 327 - a 328 #00590 117 robinson gaze intent on elise , know what she 's do . richard not know elise be change the play . back to stage elise now look at Richard . louisa I can almost see he now before I . ( beat ) what would I say to he if he be really here ? prompter panic . prompter oh , my god. director and stage manager director ( a quiet statement of fact ) she 's go insane . robinson die inside . elise and richard as she speak , he start to realize that she be address she speech to he alone and listen , spellbound . elise forgive I . I have never know this feel . I have live without it all my life . be it any wonder , then , I fail to recognize you ? you , who bring it to I for the first time . 32 32 7 mam 329 330 331 331 - a 332 333 #90590 118 prompter 329 groan feebly , hand to he head . he have lose he mind . elise and richard 330 gradually , the audience grow aware of what elise be do and listen to she , raptly curious . elise be there any way that I can tell you how my life have change ? any way at all to let you know what sweetness you have give I ? ( voice tremble ) there be too much to say ; I can not find the word . . ( struggle for control ) except for this . ( with all she heart ) I love you . richard 331 stare at the stage , overwhelm by love for she . camera hold . elise ( 0.s. ) such would I say to he ~~ if he be here . robinson 331 - a ( X ) turn away and stride for the exit , shove aside the ( X ) tage anager as he leave o.f. , the play resume . camera . nold . int . theatre ~ night - later 332 the curtain close at the end of the first act , Richard applaud with the rest of the audience . the house light go on and he stand abruptly ; he have to see she . nearby member of the audience regard he curiously as he depart . backstage area - elise , director , stage manager , photographe , 333 cast , ET al elise move toward she dress room . continued mmy 333 334 #00590 119 continued ua a we director what in God 's name be you do ? elise ( smile to herself } nothing . director nothing ?! rewriting the entire first scene ?! elise {serenly ) I get it back on course . director I know but --- stage manager elise . ( as she stop ) can you hold a moment ? we have just ~ get to take that photograph . elise all right . just a moment , though . I have to change . stage manager I know . ( to photographer ) quickly ? the photographer stand elise against a neutral b.g. photographer a little smile , please ? she smile . he be not satisfied . photographer not quite . ( beat ) if we could just --- he break off as elise look o.s. suddenly . point of view - richard 334 as the stage door , hold back by the doorman . no 335 336 337 338 339 #062125 1206 Rev. 6/1/79 ( x ) elise 335 smile at the sight of hin . photographer ( o.s . ) oh , yes . there be a flash of light . the picture freeze and we see that the photograph be the very one Richard fall in love with in the Hall of History . photographer ( v.0 . ) that be absolutely perfect . photographer 336 come out from under he cloth , look around . elise have already go . he see she . point of view - richard and elise 337 as she come close to he . they gaze at one another . dissolve to int . theatre ~ later 338 as Richard watch the scene we saw rehearse , a stayehand come up to he , carry a envelope . stagehand ( whisper ) Mr. collier ? richard yes. stagehand for you , sir . he hand over the envelope and turn away . Richard look at the envelope . insert - envelope 339 " mr. Richard collier " -- write in a strong , male hand . richard 340 open the envelope curiously . he unfold the note . mmy 341 342 343 344 #00590 121 {x ) insert ~ note in the same , male handwrite , the penmanship immaculate . '' ry must speak to you immediately . this be a matter of life and death so do not fail I . I be wait in the gazebo behind the theatre . w.f. Robinson . " richard look at the note in concern . ext . theatre - night - richard exite and move around the theatre , camera with he . as he walk , he look around cautiously ; he do not trust Robinson . then he see Robinson wait in the gazebo ahead . again , he look around to make sure no trick be be play on he . int . gazebo - richard he enter the darken interior and look around cautiously , prime to react physically if this turn out to be some kind ef trap . then --- robinson ( v.o. ) do you have any notion of how many year I have be with miss mckenna ? Richard have start at the sound of Robinson 's voice . he watch now as the other man stand and emerge from the shadow , screwing on the top of a flask which he put into he inside coat pocket . he be drunk enough to have lose some measure of he usual precision , he hair a trifle askew , he tie slightly off center , he voice a little thicken . richard ( warily ) since March of 1903 . Robinson be startle by the accuracy of Richard 's answer but control he reaction . robinson that be correct . March of 1903 . she be sixteen at the time , per - form in some shabby little theatre in New Jersey . it be all by accident I come there . continued 341 342 343 344 km # 02125 122 Rev. 6/1/79 ( kx ) 344 continued 344 robinson ( cont would ) ( pause ; recalling ) there she be on that dingy stage , in that pathetic play ... a total radiance . it take I only moment to perceive exactly what she have to be . richard ( hard ) Mrs. Robinson ? robinson ( with contempt ) do you actually believe that I have nurture she and care for she and teach she and develop she for close to ten year merely to groom a wife ? richard what then ? robinson a star ! ( pause ; scornfully ) only someone with the Limited aware - ness of you age could conceive that my entire passion for this woman be no more than physical . ( beat ) be you incapable of understanding that she have , within herself , the potential to be one of the great => if not the great actress of she generation ? a queen of the stage -~ a empress even . a actress with the capacity to surpass bernhardt as the star surpass the moon . a stage performer with such quality as I have never see in any actress in the twenty - seven year that I have manage . as innate ability to wrench emotional adulation from everv theatre - coer and critic who will ever see she . a power of expression which be on the verge of stand alone on a pedestal beneath which other actress can only wor - ship . continued km 344 402125 123 Rev. 6/1/79 ( X ) continued - 2 344 robinson ( cont would ) ( pause ; shake ) and you would have she lose all that to be Mrs. collier ? richard ( pause ; quietly ) I owe you a apology . robinson {taken back ) what ? richard I understand you motivation now and I respect it . you have nothing but the best in mind for she . robinson ( hopefully ) then you will -~ ? richard but so do I . do you think I be blind ? do not you think I be well aware of she potential ? ask she to marry I will not be ask she to commit creative suicide . of course she will continue to act -~ - and grow -- and become everything you see for she . robinson ( flatly ) with you at she side ? richard with I at she side . robinson ( pause ; the gauntlet cast ) no. {voice tremble ) I have invest all my heart and soul in she and you will not destroy that . she -- be ~~ mine . Richard start to turn but Robinson grab he arm , prevent it . continued km 402125 124 Rev. 6/1/79 ( % ) 344 continued - 3 344 robinson {a little craze now ) I know who you be , collier . I have know it from the start -— ( with a bitter sound ) yes , know it long before you ever come -- to destroy she . richard hcontrol he rage ) you be out of you mind . robinson ( ignore he ) T will rid she of you , mark my word . you shall not have she .. ( beat ) not even the will of heaven will deter I from protect she . richard ( almost feel sorry for Robinson now ) take you hand off I . robinson I tell you this morning that the matter be conclude . well , it be . richard take you hand off I . continued aeo # 00590 125 ( % ) 344 continued - 4 b44 robinson ( pause ; surpris - ingly amiable ) of course . he release Richard . richard thank you . he turn to leave , camera pull ahead of he as he walk away from the gazebo . suddenly , the burly stagehand and he companion burst from the o.s. shadow and hurl he to the ground . as he struggle with they , camera move to Robinson who watch impassively , hold . 345 omitted 345 346 int , theatre - night - later - angle on stage 346 the performer see from behind , take a curtain call to loud applause and cheer . as the curtain close , elise turn to camera , she expression one of barely contain panic . she call to the o.s. curtain man . elise no more ! the other performer be startle by this , look at each other and at she as she hurry out of scene . bone . no more ? actress { the heavy - set one ) one curtain call ? fisher the audience will be furious . bone the audience be damned , I be furious ! actress let 's take they without she . 347 int . dressing room 34 as elise enter hurriedly , confront Marie . continued aeo 347 348 349 350 #60590 126 ( X ) continued . 347 elise pid you find he ? marie no , mademoiselle . elise you try he room ? marie he be not there . elise what do they say at the desk ? marie they have . not see he , elise ( incredulous ) he leave no message ? marie non. elise it do not make sense . where could he have go ? ( pause ; abruptly ) help I quickly . I have get to look for he . Marie start to undress she when there be a knock on the door . with a anxious sound , elise move quickly there . backstage - close on door 348 as elise pull it open , reacting . point of view shot - robinson 349 sober , impeccable , under control again . angle past robinson ~ on elise 350 she back off uneasily as he enter . Robinson gesture for Marie to leave and she do without a word . he shut the door . elise ( tensely ) well ? continued aeo 350 #00590 continued 127 ( X ) robinson you Mr. collier have cone . elise ( uneasily ) what do you mean ? robinson he 's leave the hotel . ( beat ) and you life . elise what have you do to he ? robinson ( strongly ) , confronte he . ( beat ) elicite a full confession . elise confession of what ? robinson intent . ( beat ) on you money . you position . ( cut she off ) the man 's a fortune hunter , nothing more . elise that be not true ! robinson ( overlap ) a bit more shrewd than other we have confront but <--- elise ( break '' in ) he be not what you tell I then ? robinson no. elise ( spring the trap ) then you be wrong about he , be not you ? continued aeo # 00590 128 ( X ) 350 continued - 2 350 robinson ( tighen ) no. elise ( forcefully ) you be wrong ! I love he and he 's go to make I happy . do you understand ? I love he . robinson ( fight for control ) it do not really matter , do it , since he 's go . elise I will find he , William . he reach out for she but she pull away . elise do not try to stop I . robinson {pause ; with a faint smile ) no . of course not . ( control himself ) we leave within the hour , remember . she turn away from he and start to remove she costume . Robinson watch she with suddenly haunt eye . as she turn to glare at he , he open the door and go outside . robinson ( with tight bravado ) au revoir , mckenna . he close the door slowly , took at elise as though he will never see she again . 350-a elise 350 - a look around as the door shut , then hurriedly continue she change . 351 int . backstage area = later ~ angle on door to elise's 351 dressing room as she come out , clothes change . Inside , Marie watch she continued 2eo 351 352 353 354 355 #00590 129 continued 35 go worriedly . elise hurry toward the exit , camera pan ( % ) to follow she movement . the company be busy dismantle and pack . we see Robinson direct some worker . she do not even look at he as she pass by . he turn and watch she go , a man in agony . then someone drop a flat and he whirl , the showman to the last . robinson ( 8 ) be careful of that set ! int . lobby - night - angle on desk 352 ( X ) as elise hurry up to it . ( x ) elise would someone open Richard collier 's room please ? clerk what be it , miss mckenna ? elise t think something may have happen to he . ( as he stare ) please ! int . fourth-floor corridor - elise and porter 353 walk swiftly to room 416 . elise breathes hard . the porter unlock the door and open it . the room be dark and he switch on the light . int . room - night 354 as elise move inside and look around , check the closet . she be strike uncomfortably by the fact that there be no clothes , no luggage , only toilet article on the bureau : a shave brush , mug , after - shave lotion , soap , @ comb , tooth - brush and powder . she check the closet ; empty . the bureau drawer ; empty . she hesitates , then move out past the porter , she expression one of deep concern . the porter watch she ¢o , then switch off the light and shut the door . int . stable - later - angle on window 385 the gray light of dawn faintly illuminate the otherwise dark interior . camera draw down from the window until we see continued aeo 355 355 - a 356 357 358 359 #00590 130 continued with will ue Richard 's body lie on the floor , bound and gag , he arm tie behind he back . he open he eye . they blink ; focus . he gasp . SHOCK CUT to up angle on horse 355 - a a strange sight loom overhead , chew hay . close on richard 356 recovering from the unexpected sight of the horse , he try to sit up but to no avail ; he be truss so rigidly that a deep breath hurt he chest . he look around , then , brace himself , start to wriggle toward the stall door . he have only go a few inch when he be hold back . raising he head , he blink hard , look at --~ he point of view - post 357 he be bound to it at he ankle by another rope . richard 358 lie there impotently for several moment , then , abruptly , start yanking he foot , try to break the rope that bind he to the post . it be no use and he have to stop and lie there , helpless . he close he eye , gasp for breath , perspiration dew he forehead . soon , he start try to separate he leg , use all the strength he can summon . he work more successfully , and he make sound of excited victory in he throat as he continue jerk he leg apart . the bind give a little more each time . camera hold . ( X ) int . stall - later - richard 359 ghe bind 's a clump around he ankle , he face drip sweat . he work he right foot free , then push the bind off he leave boot , make a fierce sound of triumph . his leg be free . he stand weavingly , blink hard , get he sea ~ leg and push past the horse , out of the stall . he look for something to help himself with , see a lantern . Care ~ fully , Richard back up to it . unseen by we , he shatter ait and begin to cut the rope loose . as soon as he hand be free , he toss down the fragment of break glass and spread the binding with he arm , pull they free . when they be continued