something's gotta give Nancy meyer June 14 , 2002 1. over black we hear , ja rule 's " livin ' it up " ... ext . new york CITY - a hot august night - music over midtown . a brunette beauty cross in front of a stack of cab , she sheer dress cling to she remarkable body . a Club in the meatpacking district . a long line wait to get in . a couple of gorgeous Girls show up at the velvet rope and be promptly " let inside . soho . a crowd spill out of a bar and onto the sidewalk . a confident knock out in jeans and a tank top laugh , drink a beer out of the bottle . harry ( v.o . ) ahhhh ... the sweet , uncomplicate satisfaction of the younger woman . that fleeting age when everything just fall right into place . it 's magic time and it can render any man , anywhere -- absolutely helpless . some say I be a expert on the younger woman . guess that 's ' cause I have be dating they for over forty year ... into a empty frame come harry langer what be it about he ? could be he eye , the turn of he mouth ... something about this guy be just so damn appeal . maybe it 's just the way he wear the Young slinky girl on he arm . he 's confident , cool , enviable . we be in : a chic eatery - downtown the place be full . everybody be somebody here . harry ( to hostess ) langer . .. the maitre would snap to attention at the sight of he . maitre 'd Mr. langer , get you table wait . as Harry and he girl wend they way around table , we pass other couple . Young couple . Middle - age couple . not talk couple . harry ( v.o . ) so what do a life of buck the system all add up to ? 2 . harry ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) to never settle down with the right woman for a life of leftover and Christmas morning . no he and she ira account , no mini van park in the garage . I think it 's make I what I be today . ( Harry smile to someone across the room ) the luckiest son of a bitch on earth . look at I . I be positively debonair . I should be illegal I be lookin ' so good . Harry pass a table where a beaten sixty year old dine with he age appropriate , well -fed wife . in slow motion , Harry and the beaten man catch each other 's glance . harry ( v.o . ) it be not as if I have not wonder what my life would be like if I be a regular Joe and come in here once a month with a dame my age ' for a porterhouse and a side of I spinach . I have wonder ... not . chic eatery - harry imagination Harry enter all over again . this time he look older , something in he walk and the boxy cut of he jacket . with he be a regular look , nothing - to- write- home - about woman in her fiftie . harry ( v.o . ) no , come on , let 's be honest . ..a dame really my age . . . int . chic eatery - harry imagination - take two again , the identical set up . Harry enter again . this time he look ten year older . the bounce to he step be go . the twinkle in he eye , long dead . on he arm be a 63 year old battle ax , build just like Harry . the maitre would reluctantly show they to a shitty table . harry ( v.o . ) there you have it . the story in a nutshell . not exactly debonair , be I ? ( Harry trip , he wife look disgust ) awww , man , it 's down right sad . look at I . I look like I be about to die . God help I . I do not want to die . smash CUT to : 3. a long stretch of pristine country road - the hamptons - day a Silver mercede convertible burst into frame . Harry 's behind the wheel , shade , smoking a cigar , livin ' large . next to he sit a thoroughbre of a girl . a " it " girl . smart , sexy and build for fun . she have perfect flirt to a art . her hand rest on Harry 's neck . there 's a good thirty year age difference between they . her name be marin . she sing along with ja rule , now come from a CD . marin ( sing ) to all my thug that be livin ' it up , we say , what I do . to all my ... ( stop ) oh ! this be it . make a right . harry ( admire the neighborhood ) so baby , you be rich ... . marin well , my mother be , sort of . not really ... harry if she life within a mile of here , she 's rich . marin I guess a hit play will buy you a house in the hampton . harry I would like to meet you mother . marin no you would not . I mean , she 's great . she 's totally brilliant , but she 's not you type . harry you be overlook one of the great thing about I . I do not have a type . marin ( very directly ) she 's over thirty . Harry look to Marin , feign hurt . marin oh , what ?! like you do not know you have a slight reputation for ... 4. just then the car phone ring . Harry keep look at Marin . harry -- for what ? Harry wait . ringgg ! he do not look away . marin for never dating anyone over 30 . do not look at I like that . harry it 's just not true . marin okay . sorry . over 31 ? harry oh , so you wait ' till we get out to the hampton to let I know you be a wise ass . ( answer phone ) hold on . . . ( then to Marin ) it just so happen , my dear , that woman of a certain age , do not date I . you ever think of it that way ? no , it 's always I . you dame be all alike . ( then into phone ) hey ... marin ( amused , to herself ) dame ... Marin continue sing along with ja rule as Harry confidently slip he hand onto she thigh . barry ( into phone ) vh-huh .. . I will call back Monday . who else ? Monday ... Monday ... say you could not find I . who ? ( glance at Marin , she 's not listen ) I will call she later . no , I have it . Harry hang up , do not look in Marin 's direction to see if ' she catch that . this brand of cool be about not play that card . Marin turn toward he , she have be listen . they have reach the end of the road , sand dune , long lilt grass and the ocean stretch before they . 5 . marin ( all business ) make a right , leave at the second fence . Marin turn up the CD , get herself out of whatever just come over she , look out the window . harry have I mention how gorgeous you breast look in this sweater ? marin ( blush ) yes you have actually . harry so it would be too much to mention it again . . . Marin laugh , soften , as Harry turn down a dirt driveway , drive toward a dream beach house . harry wow . it 's the perfect beach house . marin I know . my mother do not know how to do thing that be not perfect . harry which explain you . that get she . Harry park . she look over at he but he 's grab some cigar for he shirt pocket , then look up at she with a innocent look that suggest he do not just say such a lovely think . marin ( try to keep up with he ) yeah , okay , right ... they both grab they h overnight bag and step out of the car . arry so , what be we gonna do out here , just the two of we , for two whole day ? Marin set she bag down , walk to Harry , wrap she arm around he neck . marin tell I the truth , be you at all glad we wait ? 6. harry I be incredibly glad we be finally go to do it . ( she 's a bit disappointed ) if that 's the same as be glad we wait , then baby doll , I be ecstatic . Marin smile then kiss he . he 's one of that guy that let you kiss they . harry ( slap she tush ) let 's go for a swim , how long will it take you to change ? marin two minute . Marin start unbuttoning her sweater as she dance seductively toward the front door , then notice Harry 's cigar . marin oh har ... no smoking in the house . my Mom do not allow it . harry but she allow you to strip in the front yard and bring man you be dating here to ... marin she do not know everything I do ... or when I do it .. or where I do it . she slip off she sweater and drop it on harry head . int . house it 's one of that great Beach house . Light fill and warm with spectacular view of the sandy landscape wrapping around the rear of the house . Marin , now in a tight tank , tight pants , give Harry the grand tour as she continue to undress . marin ( taking off she belt ) the fabulous live room , perfect for entertaining a intimate group of friend or that special someone . ( drop she belt then unbutton Harry 's shirt ) behind I , the requisite hampton 's deck complete with pool and ocean view . 7. marin ( cont 'd ) ( unbuckle Harry 's belt ) you pants , please ... harry lady first . Marin provocatively unzip she pants and wriggle out of they . she 's now in a tiny tank and bikini pantie . marin gourmet kitchen 's to you leave where tonight I will whip you up a culinary feast of Mac and cheese . Marin hear Harry 's zipper unzip . she turn , she eye widening as Harry 's pant land on a chair . Harry be now down to he boxer , a open shirt and a fearless smile . marin ( smile ) .. o -kay , go quickly now ... master bedroom be that away ... they arrive in a warmly decorate guest bedroom . m arin and this as they say on ' crib ' , you favorite show , be where the magic happen . do we like it ? go once , go twice ... harry sold . Harry take Marin 's hand and pull she out of frame and onto the bed . she playfully roll on top of he . his hand cup she ass . marin you know when I first start auctioneer someone tell I if I be nervous to just picture everyone in the audience in they underwear . this sort of give that a whole new meaning . harry why ? you be not nervous now , be you ? marin I be always a little nervous . harry ( remove he hand ) so put on you bathing suit . I bring some champagne , I will put it on ice . 8. marin I like you , Harry langer . she bounce off he like a kid and disappear into the bathroom . Harry lie there alone for a second . catch he breath . he sit up , foot on the floor , shoulder hunch , clear he throat , bang on he chest . he wait a sec then stand with a stiffness that for the first time suggest he be not a that young man . int . live room now wear only he Boxer short , Harry cross through the live room , sing ' livin ' it up ' to himself . he reach into he bag and lift out two bottle of Crystal . he see himself in the mirror , suck in he gut . int . kitchen well stock , the best of everything . Harry open the door to the fridge and just as he disappear behind it , the back door open and two women enter from a beach walk , in the middle of a lively conversation . one of they be erica , Marin 's mother . the other be erica 's younger sister , zoe . erica be in she mid-fifty and be a poster girl for grow old . it 's actually hard to imagine 55 look any better . and not because she look 35 , but because she make 55 look graceful and right . erica be the " girl most likely " who go beyond expectation but do not realize until recently that be sure of herself be a handicap . she do not try to be intimidating , she just be . her sister , zoe be in she forty . Zoe 's the loose one . she wear draw string pants and a T-shirt that say , " boy lie " . the woman stop mid-sentence when they notice the refrigerator be wide OPEN . then they see a pair of bare men' legs poke E out from under the door . they do n ' t move . rica oh God . what be this ? erica nod to Zoe , gesture a nearby knife . Zoe grab the knife . Harry poke he head out from behind the fridge , equally confuse . erica ( in control ) okay , stay right where you be . we have a knife . 9. harry ( eyeing the knife ) do you ... live here ? erica okay , mister , look , I be gonna dial 911 and you be not gonna move . Zoe , hand I the phone . ( reach out to Zoe without look at she ) harry you do not understand . I be a friend of you daughter 's . with that , Harry shut the fridge door . the woman see he 's naked except for a pair of boxer . they both gasp . Zoe fumble the phone over to erica who dial quickly .. erica yeah ? I do not think so . my daughter 's in the city and you what , wander in here , like high on ecstasy ..?. ( look at phone ) shit. I dial 8 - 1 - 1 . ( redial ) harry ( calmly start to move ) honestly , if you just ... erica back off . she be in the israeli army . she can break you in half . Zoe can not believe she just say that -- no truth in it whatsoever . erica ( into phone ) yes . I have a intruder in my house . 29 Daniels Lane , sagaponack . harry I be dating you daughter Marin . she invite I here for the weekend . she 's in she room right now , change . erica ( gasp even louder , really scared now ) you be dating my daughter ? 10 . harry ( amused ) now who would have think that would be worse news ? with that , Marin enter , in a tiny bikini , see Harry in he short , Zoe hold the knife and erica freeze , hold the phone . marin oh , fuck . erica oh , god. ( into phone ) I be sorry . false alarm . yeah , no , I be sure . no , he 's not a burglar ( with enormous difficulty ) he 's dating my daughter . marin Mom , I have no idea you be come out this weekend , you say you have to write . erica I do . I think I would do it out here . marin oh , man , this be really .... erica awkward . marin totally .. .but .... ( start laugh ) you gotta admit , sorta funny you think he be a burglar ? in he boxer short ? erica yeah , well , the world 's nut , I do not know the man . . . marin ( still laugh ) I be sorry , it 's not really funny . I be a idiot . I should have tell you I be bring someone out . E rica no , no , I should have tell you we be come . well . anyway , here we be . ( wave to Harry ) hello . I be the mother . 11 . all three woman turn to Harry who now dangle a long lobster shape oven mitt over he " private " ... harry Harry langer . how be ya ? marin yes. sorry ... Mom , this be my friend , Harry . Harry , my Mom , erica ... my aunt , Zoe. ( they all shake hand ) Harry 's sort of a new friend . I think I mention he in a e-mail . we just , totally spur of the moment think we would get out of the city for a few day . erica and zoe of course ... right ... great ... erica ( can not look at he ) honey , do Harry have a robe ? harry ( back out ) you know what ? actually , I think I should just take off . let you gal enjoy you weekend ... Marin shoot she Mom a look . help ! erica no , no , no . do not be silly . uh , look , here 's what we will do . Zoe and I will leave . we take a great walk on the beach , we will go into town for lunch . you two stay . Harry , apologize about the near arrest . harry no , you be impressive . very strong , very ... " macho " . erica ( a little throw ) I do not think I be exactly " macho " ... harry trust I , if I ever catch a guy in he underwear in my refrigerator I hope I be half the man you be , Mrs uh ... 12. erica ( already hat he ) yeah . okay . whatever ... Marin watch . dying . harry all righty then ... I be definitely gonna hit the road . ( salute erica and Zoe ) lady ... sensational meeting you . ( then to Marin ) doll , call I . zoe hold on . hold on . let 's not get so dramatic here . what be we four teenager ? we be all sophisticated people . why can not we all stay , for the weekend ? you mother 's get work to do I have get papers to grade . you will do you thing , whatever that be and if we want to hang together , we will hang together . if we do not , we do not . there 's no reason why any of we should give up this spectacular weekend . marin seriously . I can handle it . zoe I can totally handle it . erica ( on the spot ) I mean , well , I can " handle " it ... the woman all look to Harry . he look at Marin . she 's hard to resist . harry it can only go up from here . CUT to : harry and marin walk past shop on the MAIN drag in east hampton . they be both lick ice cream cone . camera stays behind they . Z oe ( v.o . ) he 's obviously a penis substitute . 13. erica and zoe be pace 20 foot behind they , carry grocery . zoe I mean a father substitute . erica except he 's older than she father . I can not even look at they . what be she do with a guy that age ? zoe Marin be how old when you guy break up ? erica five year ago , so . ..twenty - three . zoe okay , so she be old enough not to feel Dave be walk out on she . erica be that suppose to mean Dave walk out on I ? why do people assume when you break up after twenty year that the guy 's the one who want out ? just because once we break up he shtup everything that move ... zoe easy cowgirl . I do not mean it that way . just try to figure out why such a smart girl be always with the wrong guy . close on a young french girl in a apron young french girl mme . Barry , que je puis vous obtenir aujourd'hui ? the girl stand behind the cheese counter in : the barefoot contessa a gourmet market in East hampton . the clientele in here be as rich look as the food . erica stand on the other side of the cheese counter . erica bonjour je veux une partie de votre pate merveilleux et de votre meilleur fromage absolu de chevre . 14 . Harry and Marin shop near by . Harry listen to erica out of one ear . harry that 's impressive . marin she start french lesson after she and my dad split up . part of she " keep busy , do not look back " program . she 's practically fluent now . erica ( turn back to Marin ) Marin , au cas ou nous prende un desset ou devrion jefaire quelgue choose ? marin ( with a impeccable accent ) laisson quelque choose d'achat . et ce grand gateau de chocolat ? harry hey , not bad .. . marin ( shrug ) yeah ... well . .. I be fluent . be right back . Marin cross to the dessert counter . erica turn back and catch Harry check out Marin 's ass . he smile as he lick he ice cream . erica roll she eye then spot another older guy with a leggy girl twenty - five year he junior . erica it 's a epidemic . then erica notice who 's next to she at the cheese counter . she see she sister , Zoe , read a cheese label with she glass on and next to Zoe be two sad look Old woman in they eighties with they arm link . almost woozy , erica be snap out of it when she be hand she package . y oung french girl merci madame . erica head down the aisle , pass Harry whose back be to she . just as she pass , he turn and almost bump into she . erica ( back off ) woops. sorry . 15 . harry my fault . they so very badly do not want to actually touch . erica hesitates . Harry gesture for she to go first then walk alongside she . erica so , Harry ... what do you do ? harry I be one of the owner of a record company among other thing ... erica oh , really ? which record company ? harry drive by record . erica ( appal at the name ) " drive by " record ??? be that a joke ? what be that ? harry it 's a hip hop label . erica hip hop ? oh , rap ? oh , right . well. ( with disdain ) okay . that 's ... " interesting " ... harry let I see if I get where you be head here . . . erica I be sorry , but , look , you know I hate rap , I mean I do . it 's sort of violent and crude for my taste , not to mention just a tad misogynistic . harry hey , a lot of people see rapping as poetry . erica yeah , but come on , how many word can you rhyme with ' bitch ' ? erica place she grocery on the check out counter . marin ( join Harry ) how we doin ? 16 . harry should have leave when she try to arrest I . int . erica's dine room - that night Marin serve plate of pasta with lobster . Zoe pour wine and erica toss a salad . Harry be the only one sit . marin so , Mom , how 's the new play ? you gettin ' happy with it ? Marin place a plate in front of Harry then run she finger along " the nape of he neck . they smile at each other as she continue on . erica notice , try not to respond . erica well , the thing with I be that I be about 90 % hard word , 10 % talent and so far the talent part have not exactly kick in yet . zoe yeah , right ... harry what 's you play about ? Marin and Zoe stop what they be do and turn to erica . she 's hesitant to reveal this . erica about ? well , I be not exactly sure which be a bit of a problem , but so far it 's about a divorced woman , a writer , she 's this high strung , over - amp , control , know it all neurotic . . . ( everyone stare at she ) who 's incredibly cute and lovable . ( more stare ) it 's a comedy . ( take a seat next to Zoe ) m so , how do you two meet ? arin at a wine auction at sotheby 's . Harry be the big buyer of the night . harry I keep winking at Marin as she be conduct the auction and apparently every time I do that she misunderstand and I end up buy case of outrageously expensive wine . 17 . Zoe and Marin laugh . erica ever be marry , Harry ? harry no . no , I have not . erica wow . now why do you think that be ? harry some people just do not fit the mold . and so far ... erica hey , if it be not break . harry exactly . Harry lean back , place he arm around Marin 's chair . erica take note . zoe wait a second , be not you like a famous bachelor ? harry I would not say I be famous . zoe no , I think I read a piece on you in New York Magazine . harry I guess people find it interesting that I have escape the noose for so long . zoe yeah , be not the name of the article , " the escape artist " ? erica wait . I read that article . that be you ? you be once engage to somebody big . who be it ? not Joan Collins .. . wait . .. Carly Simon ? zoe yeah , it be somebody cool like that . ( try to remember ) not martha Stewart .... 18. marin you could just ..'ask he . harry no , this be more fun . it 's like I be not here . marin Harry be once engage to Diane sawyer . okay ? zoe right . Diane sawyer . I love she . erica ( stunne ) I be impressed . harry yeah , woman you age love that about I . erica pause on that one . harry ( try to get through this ) you know what I mean . erica yes I do . harry it 's not a bad thing to say ' woman you age ' . erica no ... I be sure it be a compliment . harry it be . .. just the truth . zoe ( step in ) so when be this engagement ? harry Long time ago . she be just this adorable lanky girl from kentucky with the great pair of leg I would ever see ... never understand she end up with a job where she never show they . ( munch on he lobster ) 19 . erica you be not serious ? she 's Diane sawyer , she go into cave in Afghanistan with a shmahtah on she head . who care about she leg ? harry just anyone who 's ever have the pleasure of ... you know what ? I hate to eat and run but ... zoe no , wait . this be actually a very fascinating dynamic - what 's go on at this table ... marin ( warning he ) Z oe teach woman 's Studies at Columbia . . . harry oh , so this be gonna hurt . zoe no , come on , listen , here 's the rub for woman . look at what we have here with you and erica . Harry , you have be around the block a few time , right ? you be what ? around 60 , never be marry , which , we all know , if you be a woman , would be a curse , you would be a old may , a spinster , blah , blah , blah ... okay , so instead of pity you , they write article about you , celebrate you never marrying , it make you illusive and ungettable . you be a real catch . then , take my gorgeous sister here ... erica any chance of you stop here ? zoe come on , this be interesting . I mean , look at she , she 's so accomplish , the most successful woman playwright since who ? lillian hellman ? she 's over fifty , divorced and still sit in night after night because the available guy she age want ( to Marin ) 20 . zoe ( cont would ) -- forgive I honey for say this , but they want girl that look like Marin so the whole over fifty dating scene be gear completely towards man leave older woman out and as a result that make the older woman more and more productive and more and more interesting , which , in turn , make they even less desirable because as we all know -- man , especially older man , be threaten and deathly afraid of interesting and accomplish woman . it 's just so clear . single older woman , as a demographic , be as fuck a group as can ever exist . erica and Harry 's eye connect for a millisecond . hear the SOUND of plate crashing . int . kitchen - moment later over , we erica be clean up the break plate , Zoe lean down to help . erica what be you , possess ? how could you say that thing ? zoe it just seem so obvious to I . the injustice of it . thank God man die young than we . it 's the only break we get . erica then you know what ? write a dissertation on it , do not announce to the world that I stay in night after night after night and by the way , one night after night would have be enough . do you ever realize , I stay " in " as part of my job . why do you think I marry the director of my play ? he be the only man I ever see . anyway , I like stay in and I like this time in my life . why do I have to defend myself ? m I be marry for 20 year . I be do . arin enter carry more dish . marin what the hell be that ? 21 . zoe I be sorry , I think I be onto something . erica honey , what be you do with this guy ? he 's old , he 's chauvinistic ... marin he 's fun . erica he 's fun ? how be he fun ? he 's like .. . wrong . marin wrong can be fun , Mom . erica not this wrong . marin can we not do this now ? he 's actually incredibly smart and fascinating and if you have talk to he about something other than he marital status you would have find out how smart he be . he own like 10 different company ... erica what do that mean he own ten different company ? he can not commit , that 's what that mean . not that , God forbid , I want he to commit . marin yeah , that I get . anyway , he say he think you two be very spontaneous and nice and then say he 's leave as soon as the sun come up . erica what ? his car do not have headlight ? marin good night . erica wait . I have no right to get this nut . ( hug she ) he 's you friend . not mine . I love you . 22. marin ( hug she back ) I love you more . this be obviously a ritual between they . erica kiss Marin 's cheek in a flutter of kiss , then Marin exit . zoe no chance he say we be nice . erica please . none . they hear music come from Marin 's bedroom . zoe what be they listen to ? erica I do not care ... ( listen ) oy. marvin gaye . . . erica turn on the garbage disposal . Zoe sing along , " let 's get it on " . .. , erica shoot she a look , turn off the garbage disposal , do the dish with vigor . erica I know she will never see he after this weekend . she can not commit either . then they hear Marin giggling . zoe he do sound fun . Marin yelp . zoe admit it , he 's get something . you feel it , right ? then they hear Marin scream . erica oh , this be nut ... erica cover she ear with she hand . then they hear Marin scream " moooooommmmmmmmmmmm !!!! " erica do she say , Mom ? 23. int . marin be room - angle - the door erica and Zoe bust into the room and find Harry .on the floor , lean against the bed , a clench fist on he chest . his shirt be open , he 's sweat , he complexion be grey . Marin stand back , freak out , afraid to get near he . marin we be fool around and he say he feel funny hthen he just collapse . arry ( out of breath ) it 's nothing . I be okay maybe it be the lobster ... erica do you chest hurt ? harry like a elephant 's stand on it . erica ( to Marin ) call 911 ... tell they to send a ambulance . . . Marin hesitates . erica Marin ! now ! harry Pov - the room spin . when he shut he eye , it go black . spin . black . spin . black . he see Marin , soft in the background , on the phone and erica come toward he . he hear Zoe : zoe ( o.s. ) what be you do ? erica ( come closer ) mouth to mouth ... on harry even in this state he get that erica be about to place she . mouth on he . his eye widen in horror , he reel back . erica catch this . erica you fuck guy ... 24 . she do it anyway . her-mouth on he , she breath into he lung , over and over . Harry 's eye roll back in hi-so head . as. erica pound on he chest , we hear the blare of a siren ... and a loud clang as the door to southampton hospital fly OPEN . paramedics wheel Harry through the corridor and into the er with dizzying speed . two nurse jostle Harry off the gurney and onto a bed . dr . julian mercer arrive at Harry 's side . Julian be in he early - thirty and have finally just graduate out of the ' you look too young to be a doctor ' syndrome . Julian be a man whose goodness make he sexy . he wear he hair shaggier than you would expect but then again , this be a johns hopkins graduate who choose to live near the beach and work night . the nurse place oxygen in Harry 's nose , .; hook he up to a heart monitor and connect he to a iv . julian how we do here ? paramedic # 1 he 's have 30 minute of chest pain , nausea , shortness of breath , blood pressure 's 170 over 100 , pulse 104 , respiration 18 ... julian let 's get a ekg . Mr. langer , I be Dr. mercer . be you in any pain right now ? the nurse wheel over a ekg machine , Julian help hook it up . harry feel some pressure in my chest ... it 's real tight . julian can you show I where the pain be ? Harry clenches he fist over he sternum . julian what be you do at the onset of the pain ? harry I be uh , kissing a beautiful ... 25 . julian ( watch the monitor ) where you have intercourse ? harry -- unfortunately , no . julian S ense of humor in tact ... ( check ekg ) hang a nitroglycerine drip . Mr. langer the ekg show you have a block artery which be not allow enough oxygen to get to the heart muscle .. . harry I be have a heart attack ? julian we be gonna stop it . but I need to know what kind of medication you take ? harry ( scared shitless ) I take uh ... uh . . . lipitor . . . julian ( read the ekg tape ) uh-huh ... . any thing else ? harry -- and a white one for blood pressure . . . julian procardia ? harry yeah . julian what about , viagra ? erica , Marin and Zoe arrive in the doorway of the er . Harry eye they ... stall . julian Mr. langer ? do you take any viagra today ? Mr. langer ? harry no. no viagra . 26 . julian you be positive ? harry I do not take viagra . do not need viagra . the woman grab look at each other , know they should not be there . they turn away . julian great . just need to be sure because I put nitroglycerin into your-drip and if you have take viagra , the combo would make you heart leap right out of you body ... close - harry eye - panicked as he watch the nitroglycerin make it 's way down the tube and approach he arm . just as the amber liquid be about to enter he bloodstream he yank the iv out of he arm . the drip be knock onto the ground . the woman shriek as the nurse scurry to clean up . erica and Zoe rush out , Marin hang back . Harry catch the look on she face . julian let 's give he a aspirin and metoprolol 5mg ... harry sorry , have a audience ... ( clutching he chest ) julian it 's okay . .. it be a great save . ( to nurse ) let 's start the thrombolytic protocol . " 4000 unit of heparin . Mr. langer , if this work and I have every reason to believe it will , it 's go to reverse what 's go on so there will be little or no damage to you heart . you with I ? ( Harry nod . Julian place he hand on Harry 's ) okay , here we go . the hallway Marin pace , smoking . erica sit . Zoe lean against the wall . marin oh , man , what if he do not make it ? I do not know who to contact . 27 . marin ( cont 'd ) I do not know he family . I have go out to dinner with the guy three time . I hardly know he . erica he 's gonna make it . do not worry . m he 's like a bulldog . he will make it . arin this be a nightmare . I go out with a guy who 's so old , he take viagra . erica be you nut ? you go out with a guy who 's so old he 's have a heart attack ! zoe all I can say be , thank God it do not happen when he be inside you . that could be life alter . Julian round the corner of the corridor . Marin rush toward he , she face begging for good news . julian you dad 's gonna be okay . marin oh , he 's not my dad ... julian I be sorry . ( then ) you grandad 's gonna be okay . marin ( throw she arm around he ) oh , thank you so much . but he 's not my ... oh we be not related . he 's just a friend . julian sorry . his sweet apologetic smile be not lose on Marin . Zoe and erica join they . julian I be Dr. mercer . Mr. langer do have a mild heart attack . I give he something to break up the clot in he artery and it work beautifully . 28 . julian ( cont 'd ) his ekg return to normal almost immediately which mean I do not expect any permanent damage . he 's very lucky . erica ( shoulder sagging ) thank you . . . julian no , whoever get he here so fast should be thank . another half hour and I do not know if this would have work . Marin pat she Mom on the back . erica oh , man ... ( realize it all now ) this be ... intense . erica wipe away a tear . nothing could surprise she more . julian we be out of the wood . I have give he something to sleep , it might make he a little loopy at first but then it should knock he out . ( to erica ) you be Mrs. langer ? erica no , no I be just ... no. I be erica Barry . . he be have dinner at we house . I just meet he this afternoon . julian you be erica Barry ? erica yes . julian the playwright ? erica yes ... julian what a pleasure . I be a huge fan . huge fan . erica really ? oh , thanks ... this be my daughter , Marin , my sister , Zoe ... 29 . Julian say hi to each then return he attention fully and devotedly to erica . take she in . julian wow . close - a japanese tea pot Julian pour steaming hot tea into 3 paper cup . marin - close sitting in the hospital corridor as julian' hand enter her frame and hand she a cup of tea . she look up at he with more adorableness than most man could handle . she blow on m the steam . arin thanks . camera pan to zoe . sitting next to Marin . she be also hand a Cup of tea . even she soften as she look up at Julian . zoe thank you Doctor . this be all beginning to feel a little like the step sister try on the Glass slipper . until we get to erica , not pay any attention at all as she be hand she tea . erica oh. . . hey . . . ew. . . hot . thanks . julian ( eye on erica ) you be welcome . May I join you ? erica yeah . sure . this be very nice of you . julian first year of medical school you learn what can keep you up all night without make you nut . Green tea beat everything plus it 's a great antioxidant . cheer . marin ( turn on the charm ) so , urn , do you always work night ? 30 . julian usually two or-three a week , give I a chance for a real life during the day . . . ( immediately turn back to erica ) you know , I hear you have a place in the hampton . I really be a very big fan . I honestly think I have see every play you have ever write . erica I think some be write before you time . there be some Marin 's never even see . julian no , I be pretty sure I have see they all and I see the last one twice . Zoe nudge erica as a nurse enter from the er . nurse Doctor , we have get a walk in , may need stitches . . . julian ( rise ) I will check on mi. langer ... if he 's asleep ; you all might want to get some shut eye and come back in the morning . great to meet you erica . lady . . . the woman wave and watch he exit . the second he 's go : erica ( to Marin ) okay , now that 's a perfect a guy for you . he 's adorable . marin mother ! I have never see a man less interested in I . zoe or more interested in you . erica I ? he 's thirty year old . marin no , he 's older than that . 31 . zoe who care how old , he be . I mean , he 's not my type , he 's like a gorgeous wholesome doctor but , he 's perfect for you and hot for you , which make he really perfect . erica stop it . he like my work . not I . ( they just stare at she ) it 's insane . I would never . ( off Zoe 's look ) shut. up. just then , Harry stumble into the corridor in he Hospital Z gown , pretty out of it . oe yuh -oh . marin ( rise ) Harry .... confused , Harry turn around , a little lose , give the woman a full view of he bare ass . the woman muffle scream . marin Harry ! over here ! he face they . harry honey , I want to go home . can you call lowell to pick I up ? marin ( confuse ) lowell ? Harry wobble . be he go to fall ? Marin freeze , look to she Mom for help . erica rush to Harry . erica Harry , you have to get back in bed . harry woman . and I say that as a compliment ... you save my life . ( kiss she hand ) Soft .. . ( then ) I do not remember you name but I thank you from the bottom of my ... 32 . he fall on erica , totally out of it , he head on she breast , he mouth open . erica ( afraid to breathe ) ugh . look at this , even unconscious , he 's a lech . the nurse rush out and peel Harry off erica . nurse Mr. langer , you should not be stand . harry get to take a whiz girl . nurse we will take care of that for you , Mr. langer . Harry turn back to the woman , smile . he like that idea . love that idea . harry okay . you take care of it for I , sweetheart . I would like to see that ... as he walk away , he bare ass shine like a full moon in a desert sky . marin this be the most insane night of my life . zoe yeah , but just admit that be one great ass for a guy that age . close - a large vase of yellow rose - 36 hour later a nurse slide the rose down the counter of she station . nurse now what can I do you for ? she look across at a neat as a pin man in he early forty , prada suit , crisp white shirt , dark tie . he 's a gershwin tune of a man . a throwback to a kinder world . this be . lowell , Harry 's houseman / chef / all around man Friday . lowell I be here for Mr. Harry langer . Julian enter the nurse 's station . 33. nurse ( to Julian ) be we discharge Hurricane Harry ? julian yes we be . hi , I be Dr. mercer . come on , I will take you to he . Julian exit the nurse 's Station . lowell , carry the flower , follow . he nod to two tall leggy mini skirted assistant type , kim and lexi who follow . both pack cell J phone , note pad , carry balloon , flower and shopping bag . ulian and you be . . ? lowell lowell St. James ' . Mr. langer 's houseman , chef ... general valet .. julian well that sound like a pretty , interesting job . lowell Fifteen year . never a dull moment . they arrive at : a private room where Harry lie on the bed , dress and ready to go . he squint as he read a pamphlet at arm 's distance call , " heart attack -- bounce back " . julian okay , Harry , look like we be go to have to let you go . Harry sit up too fast , lie right back down . lowell look like he might cry . the Girls hold back . harry take it easy kid , I just sit up too fast . Doc , tell they . be I in good shape ? how be my test this morning ? julian he 's do extremely well . lowell ( hold back tear ) can I hug he ? 34 . julian absolutely . Harry stand and indulge lowell in a deep hug . lowell 's shoulder shake as he sob . harry okay , okay . let 's not get goofy . we get no thin , but good news here . lowell I must say , you do look good ... consider . you have a little extra baggage under you eye , but I know how to fix that . harry ( to Julian ) see what good hand I be in . do you meet my gorgeous assistant ? julian not formally . harry Girls ... .my Doctor , Julian mercer . ( then ) honey , do you bring the CD ? Kim hand Harry a shopping bag full of CD . harry ( to Julian ) this be for you ... ( to the Girls ) the man love hip hop . julian ( check out the bag ) maybe not this much but ... harry and do you bring the other thing ? lexi hand Harry another bag . Harry reach in and pull out a small leather box , hand it to Julian . harry this be just to thank you for you brilliance the other night . I hope it suit you . julian ( open the box ) wow . this be .. . Jesus , this be the most gorgeous watch I have ever see . 35 . harry - oh , good . it 's a piaget . ( to Girls ) he like it . julian no , I love it and this be incredibly generous of you but I can not accept it . harry you save my life and you end up with some CD ? julian no , I end up see you walk out of here and I do get pay you know - marin ( o.s. ) -- knock , knock . T hey all turn , see Marin at the door . she wave to Harry , more reserve than normal . julian Harry , I will see you on the way out . lowell ( whisper ) we will pull up the car . everyone exit leave Marin and Harry alone . Harry sit on the bed . Marin join he . Harry place he hand on she thigh . all she notice be he hospital bracelet . harry so , I be some great date , huh ? marin yeah ... Mr. excitement . harry tell I somethin' , we have not actually have sex yet , have we ? marin no we have not . you be correct on that one . harry something to live for . Marin smile , kiss Harry on the cheek . 36 . harry down to the cheek . ( that 's big , he digest that one ) come on , let 's get outta here . ext . southampton hospital - day Harry be wheeled out in a wheelchair , Marin and a nurse on either side . in the parking lot be a town car with lowell and the Girls stand next to it . next to they be erica , wait by she car . she 's on she cell phone . Harry spot they and try to get out of the wheel chair before it stop . nurse hold on tarzan , we be still movin ' ... ( she stop ) okay , now slow -ly . to prove she wrong , Harry rise quickly . everyone stand by , ready to help . harry look at this face . will you tell they I be fine . as soon as Harry spot erica , he start to wobble . erica whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! everyone grab for Harry as he fall out of frame and the screen goe black . close on julian take Harry 's pulse as Harry lie on the asphalt of the hospital parking lot . lowell , the two assistant and Marin huddle around . erica step back a bit . julian Harry , I be sorry , but I think we jump the gun .. .ca not let you travel quite yet . harry I be not goin ' back in there . julian you do not have to but I can not put you in a car right now and I can not leave you in the parking lot . I would like you to stay nearby for a few day and let I keep a eye on you ' till you get you strength back . 37 . harry Doc , I be out in the middle of the hampton . where do you want I to go ? Marin turn to erica who very clearly mouth , " forget it ! " ext . erica's house - later that day . the town car sit in the driveway , lexi lean on the hood , talk on she cell . a market Delivery Van pull away as a drugstore Delivery Van pull in . a flower Delivery kid hold a large bouquet , knock at the front door . I not . the guest bedroom - same time Harry sit up in bed wear silk pajamas , hold a unlit cigar , and be on the phone . Zoe enter , place the new bouquet on the already flower fill dresser . lowell lift a lunch tray off the bed as Kim stand nearby on the cell phone . Marin pack she bag . harry ( into phone ) just promise I you will not make a decision until we talk . think about it be not promise I . okay , man , I be seein ' you Friday ... ( hang up , then to lowell ) lowell , what be that ? lowell ( look down at the tray ) you lunch . harry somebody tell you to starve I to death ? Kim hand Harry the cell phone . kim Russell . harry ( into phone ) rush ? no , man , you be livin ' the shit . I just get a clean bill of health . Kim hand Harry a note that say : you have two dinner date this week , should I cancel and send flowers ? 38 . Harry steal a look at Marin , then nod to Kim . int . kitchen erica put away grocery , a little on edge . her back be to a man in he fifty , who sit at the island , eat a sandwich . he wear sweat and a baseball cap . his natural expression be -- worried . this be dave . dave this be the best turkey sandwich I ever have in my life . what kind of mustard be this ? erica ( not turn around ) I do not know . dave all right , do not get pissy . it 's not dijon , right ? erica do not get pissy . .. you say that ' cause this , of course , would never happen to you . .1 come out here for peace and quiet and suddenly I be a character in a Kaufman and hart play . ( the phone ring ) and the phone do not stop . ( phone stop ringing ) and it 's never for I ! lowell enter with the bed tray . lowell sorry to interrupt . erica that 's fine lowell , I will take that . lowell no , please , allow I . erica no , no , I will take it . no problem . erica take the bed tray as lowell exit . erica the man do not know my name and I be do he dish . lexi enter , all 5'10 " of she . Dave suddenly look alive . she carry a empty water glass . 39 . lex hi erica . um ... where should I put E this ? rica right here . I will take it . lexi and Harry have a headache . do you have any tylenol ? erica tylenol yes . .. ( reach in cabinet ) lexi ( extend she hand to Dave ) hi. I be lexi , Harry 's second assistant . dave hey ... Dave klein . how ya doin ' ? erica hand lexi the tylenol , she thanks she and exit . erica ( hold the water glass ) where should I put this ? it 's a empty water glass . what be the choice ? dave ( rise ) I be gettin ' outta you hair . erica thank you . dave so you be not ready to show I any page ? I be not put pressure on you , I be just ask . erica I have not write a word . I be on page twelve and the first eleven page stink . dave so you have one good page . ( then ) how tall do you think that girl be ? before erica can respond , Marin enter . 40 . marin dad ! I do not know you be here . dave I be just on my way out , bubbee . marin well , I be just gonna drive into the city with Zoe but if you be drive back , I would much rather go with you . dave I have to meet someone before I go ... erica ( to Marin ) wait wait wait wait . you be leave , Zoe 's leave , the entourage be leave . and I be suppose to stay here with he alone ? marin the doctor say " he 's ' send over a nurse in the morning ... erica the morning ? that 's nineteen hour from now ... ( take a deep breath ) okay , I can handle this . I be just go to get into a zen ' place , play music , cook , write , focus ... dave she never change ... erica ( set he straight ) yes . maybe that 's a good thing . ext . erica's house - sunset no car be out front . quiet and peaceful . on the soundtrack we hear the french tune , I wish you Love sung in french . int . erica's kitchen - the same time - music over erica cook , softly sing along in french . harry ( o.s. ) smell great in here . surprise , erica turn to find Harry lean in the doorway in he pajamas , robe and slipper . no one 's ever have more gorgeous clothes to sleep in . his presence disarm she . 41 . erica coq au vin ... ( he look confuse ) h Chicken cook in red wine ... arry french food ... french music ... erica part of my play take place in Paris so I be hope this help I think . I be hopin ' ... how you feel ? harry well , I walk all the way in here , only bump into two chair and a ottoman . erica everyone bump into that ottoman . Harry appreciate the think . before it have time to become awkward , the phone ring . harry hey , thanks for let I ... erica yeah , no ... it 's fine . ( answer the phone ) hello . yes , he be . ( hand the phone to Harry ) harry ( into phone ) hello . hey sweet ... ( erica hate this ) oh , you get the flower ? be they pretty ? erica can not stand this . she put on she glass and skim she recipe . harry hey , can I call you in a little bit . what 's you number doll ? ( spot a pad and pencil ) Harry squint , can not see what he 's write ... back he head away from the pad . erica hand he she glass . harry ( slip they on , jot down the number ) okay ... call you in a little . 42 . Harry hang up and hand the glass back to erica . harry same prescription ... erica look , Harry , it 's not like in any stretch of the imagination , I think you be all that right for my daughter but I do not really appreciate hearing you on the phone with other woman . it 's like I be a accomplice to you cheating , it 's ... harry you daughter know I see other woman . erica she do ? I mean , fine , it 's none of my business ... but ... ( struggle to open a bottle of wine ) harry she know I be not monogamous ... we have discuss it . erica great ? and that 's what ? why be you proud of that ? harry not proud . just honest . you daughter say she like that about I . ( take the wine and open it with ease . ) erica my daughter be confuse when it come to man . harry I do not blame she . we be confusing . Harry hand she the open wine bottle . ext . beach patio wide shot - almost night erica and Harry sit not so close together at a long table , under a purple sky . another french tune play . if this be not they , this would look romantic . N othing be say . just two people eat . Harry lift the salt shaker , about to add salt to he chicken . 43. erica should I just call the ambulance now ? Harry shoot she a look and place the salt shaker back on the table . ext . house - night - over - louis armstrong be LA vie en rose a starry sky give the house a storybook set . we hear the phone ring . int . erica's bedroom - same time - music continue erica work at a laptop at a cluttere table . the clock tell we it 's a little after one a.m. annoy by the ringing phone , she point she remote at the CD player and stop ' the song . Harry answer the phone in he room . a moment of quiet . erica point she remote , start the song again , start type again . now the other line ring . she look over at the phone watch one red light " blink , while the other line be answer . erica what be I do ? she throw a piece of paper over the phone so she can not see it . she click on she aol icon and be tell : aol cannot connect . line busy . she 's piss . then , worse , she smell something . int . harry bedroom - same time Harry be on the phone , smoking a cigar . his pajama top be unbuttone , he hair be allover the place . his bed be a mess , laptop open , newspaper spilling onto the floor . erica stand in the doorway . he quickly hide he cigar . harry ( into phone ) can you hold a see , doll ? ( look to erica ) hey . erica okay , here 's the thing . I really do not want to play the part of the uptight nurse to you bad boy patient . if you want to have another heart attack , go ahead , it 's you life but I have work to do and I do not have time to make another run to the hospital because you be fill you already clogge artery with smoke but more importantly , I would rather not have my house smell like a pool hall . 44 . erica hold out a partially fill water glass for Harry to deposit he cigar in . harry I have a question for you . she wait . she do not say anything . erica what ? do I hhave to say what ? arry have you always be like this or do I bring this out in you ? she shake the water glass , wait for the deposit . he drop the cigar in . harry I do not think I have ever have this effect on a woman before . erica ( pick up the newspaper ) and what effect do you think you be have on I ? harry I do not quite recognize it , that 's how I know I have never have it before . erica roll she eye as she finish clean up . harry so you do not sleep ? erica I only need about four hour a night . harry I too . never sleep eight hour in my life . erica I either . I wish I could . ..but ... ( be : curtain ) want I to shut this , sun come in pretty strong in the morning . harry sure . . . thanks . . . erica ( draw the drape ) who you talk to at this hour ? 45 . harry a friend in l.a . it 's only ten out there . erica and that 's not past she bedtime ? harry so you do not get more mellow as the hour pass ? erica ( head out ) good night , Harry . harry can I ask you one other thing ? ( erica turn ) what 's with the turtleneck ? it 's the middle of summer . erica now seriously , why do you care what I wear ? harry just curious . erica I like they . I have always like they . I be just a turtleneck kinda gal . harry you ever get hot ? erica no . harry never ? erica not lately . int . erica's bedroom - night almost two . erica be write , she eye go to the phone with the type paper over it . she lift a corner of the paper , take a peek . the one light line goe out . finally . " erica turn off she computer , sit for a second . no one have rattle she cage like this in quite some time . and no , she do not like it . she stand , start to undress . angle - the floor 46 . as erica 's turtleneck land on it . then she bra , then she pant then she pantie . erica - naked - tight shot she cross through the room on she way to the bathroom . she pass by she partially open door , happen to look out into the hallway and sees : harry - planted right in front of her see it all . erica - scream and drop out of frame . harry flustered , spin around , lose he balance , crash into the wall , cover he eye . harry I be sorry ! oh , God be I sorry . erica ( o.s. ) what be you do ?!? harry try to find the kitchen ! erica ( o.s. ) back here ??? harry I - I get confuse ..! it be dark . I do not really see anything . just you tit and a little of you - erica slam her door . photo on the wall shake . harry this be gonna be murder . int . live room - the next morning a very wide middle aged nurse gruffly cross through the room toward the Front door . just as she open the door , erica enter in hat , sunglass , turtleneck , long skirt . pretty much no skin be show whatsoever . she carry a few package . nurse good bye Mrs. Barry . 47 . erica good bye ? you be leave ? that 's not good . nurse be fire . erica fire ? you just start . harry not fire darlin' . just not need . erica hardly look at you know who who appear to be fresh out of the shower , wet hair , silk robe , bare chest and leg . erica what do you mean , not need ? of course we need she . she 's gonna take care of you and feed you and ... harry -- no , no , I be actually feel pretty perky today . make quite a recovery . . . ( open the screen door ) sorry for the trouble Mrs. gimble ... take care , dear . Harry hand she a wad of bill like she 's a maitre would . Mrs. gimble give erica a look of pity as she exit . erica , now alone with Harry , self - consciously adjust she sunglass . Harry , on the other hand , slip he hand onto he bare chest , pat it . harry listen , about last night . erica yeah . how ' bout we never talk about that ? ( hand he some pill ) I be at the drugstore . you prescription be ready . they say take this two with food and this one without . harry honestly , you be in silhouette . erica I think that 's talkin ' about it . harry I really do not see all that much . 48 . erica ( head toward she room ) yip . there you go . harry okay . wo not mention it again but ... erica ( almost out of the room ) goin ' to work , Harry . harry ( yell ) you see my ass , you do not see I act nut , wear hat and glass and weird get up ... the sound of a door slam . - Harry flinch . int . harry bedroom Harry and Julian sit on the bed . Julian take Harry 's blood pressure . harry yes or no . what 's the deal , can I go ? julian you still get dizzy ? harry not as much . julian out of breath ? harry only sometimes . julian ( listen with stethoscope ) how 's erica treat you ? harry who ? julian ( nod toward live room ) erica . . . harry her ? oh , she 's a major piece of work . the woman wear turtleneck in the middle of the summer . 49 . harry ( cont 'd ) she 's beyond uptight . almost make she fun to be around . julian uptight ? that 's funny . I have not notice that . harry try livin ' with she . Julian take Harry 's pulse . harry ( with secret glee ) I actually see she naked last night . julian that do not sound so uptight . harry it be a accident . she think I be asleep , I think she room be the kitchen . julian you know what Freud say - there be no accident . harry trust I . this be a accident . although , why would she be walk around naked when she know I be 20 foot away . julian why would you think she bedroom be the kitchen ? harry it be dark , it be two in the morning . julian that could explain why she be walk around naked . deep breath ... harry you know I have never see a woman that age naked before . julian you be kid ? harry hey , we be not all doctor . 50 . julian well , I think she 's very beautiful and she 's a fantastic writer , you know . harry no , I do not know ... julian erica Barry ? she 's pretty major . ( write a prescription ) so , you date she daughter ? harry okay , now she 's a great chick . must take after the father . which remind I ... Doc , what ( about Mr. Midnight here . . ? indicate he dick ) when can I be up and run in that department ? julian I think Mr. Midnight need to stay put for another couple of week . harry but it will not kill I when I do it , right ? julian it 's exercise . it will be good for you . and just so you know , I be tell after a heart attack , if you can climb a flight of stair , you can have sex . CUT to : a low angle of a staircase which go from the beach up to erica 's deck . Harry stand at the bottom of the stair in he robe , velvet slipper and sunglass . ' he look up to the top of the stair as if it 's mt. everest . bravely , he climb the first few step . not bad . after two more , he 's out of breath . determined , he hold onto the railing and drag himself up to the next step . happy with himself , he hold on for dear life and drag himself up one more ... and then , he 's so out of breath , he can barely move , yet he reach up the railing and try to hike himself up one more . int . kitchen - same time the tea kettle whistle as erica and Julian stand on either side of she island . erica reach for a tea bag . 51 . erica so , you be say , he 's not ready to travel at all ? not even by plane ? train ? julian I do not think so ... ( see she disappointment ) it 's be tough , huh ? erica well , he fire the nurse after a hour , now say he do not need one . he 's a bit of a workout .. . yeah . julian how be you hold up ? erica oh , fine . . I be fine , I be ... julian one more fine and I will not believe you . the phone ring . erica oh , shoot , hold on ... ( into phone ) hello . hey ... oh , hi ... angle - julian smitten . just something about she . watch she . angle - erica not notice , pour water for she tea . erica ( into phone ) no , I be finally get to it ... erica see Julian slide a slip of paper over to she . look over at it . it 's a piece of paper from he prescription pad . on it be write ... have dinner with I tonight ? erica look up at he . stun . J ulian ( head out ) pick you up around seven ? erica w- what about the patient ? 52 . julian like he say , he do not need a nurse . we begin to hear strain of another french song . int . erica's bedroom - late afternoon - music over erica at she desk , type . the Music play from the CD player . as much as she do not want it to be true , this attention from Julian have fuel she . the live room - same time - music over Harry , dress for the first time , wear khaki 's and a summer shirt , stroll through the live room a bit cautious . harry ( yell , warning - like ) I be walk around the house ! erica laugh . even she know this be funny . Harry arrive at she open doorway , timidly poke he head in . erica listen , I have decide to get over the whole " you see I naked " thing . so , we do not have to deal with it anymore . okay ? harry good , ' cause I have be hide from you all day . erica I know . you want to come in ? harry I do not want to break you rhythm or anything . erica that would be wishful think . Harry enter cautiously and curiously . harry beautiful painting . so I be gonna venture out there and go for a short walk ... erica you up to that ? 53. harry my doctor recommend it . I gotta build up to stair and stuff like that . you would not want to join I ? erica that mean you do not want I to ? harry no , I be ask if you want to . erica oh , well , I would but ... I do not usually like to break once I have start write so I probably should not , not that a little fresh air would hurt but ... harry it 's just a walk erica , not a marriage proposal . erica you know my name . harry erica Jane Barry . I look you up on the internet . ext . beach - moment later - late .in the day erica and Harry walk by the water 's edge . they be the only two people on the beach . harry -- do you know there be over eight thousand website that mention you ? erica that can not be possible . harry no , it 's true . I know everything about you now . and not because of last night , but ... E rica yeah , I understand . I actually look you up too . you grow up in L.A. , which I think nobody do . 54 . erica ( cont 'd ) you be the road manager for a group I sorta never hear of , start you own record label at 29 , sell it at 45 , then start buy and sell boutique company then invest in a small record company which you turn into the 2nd large hip hop label in the world . harry it 's exhaust just hearing about it . erica I know , but the truth be , it go fast do not it ? harry like the blink of a eye . erica bend down and pick up a flat white stone , then another and another ... harry I notice you have bowl of that all over you house . erica I know , I be crazy , I just think they be so beautiful ... harry but why do you only pick up the white one ? erica I do not only pick up the white one . harry oh , so you really be crazy . erica I pick up only the white one ? ( look in she hand ) oh , God , what do that mean ? I be control , unadventurous , what ? harry so you be as hard on yourself as you be on everyone else . erica be stunne that he catch on to that . Harry bend down , pick up a brown stone , place it in she palm among the white stone . harry something to remember I by . 55 . erica realize she can not sum this guy up so easily or at all . erica so can I ask you something Harry ? what 's with all the young girl ? I mean , what 's the story there , really ? harry I just like to travel light . erica you just like to travel light ? oh , please , what the hell do that mean ? harry now see a thirty year old get that . erica you mean fall for that . harry I mean , accept it . erica if that 's what you want ... a non threaten woman , who will not get you number , you get to run the show ... harry I think we relationship be grow by the way . have you notice ? there he go again . she can not believe he 's cute like this . harry I be serious . maybe we just need to get out of the house . now , you may notice , interestingly , we be walk back toward the house and its get a little rocky again . erica of course it 's get a little rocky , we be talk about you . harry see , I will accept that slight hostility because I be enjoy you company so much . T hey're reach the bottom of the beach stair . Harry look up , daunt . erica you okay ? 56 . harry yeah , but I think I '11 stay down here and watch the sunset . you interested ? erica check she watch . harry Big dinner date ? erica well , yeah , as a matter of fact . with you doctor . harry ohhhhh , my doctor , ' cause he 's not too young for you , huh ? erica no , he 's totally too young for I . but we be just have dinner . it 's not a date . harry do he know that ? erica well , I will tell he , but I doubt that he think of it that way . harry I doubt that you doubt that . anyway , you may like it . think of it this way -- he 's not threaten , will not get you number , you get to run the show . you might have a hell of a time . over , we hear , ding dong . that night - the front door - swing OPEN and we find Julian . look just as any girl would hope . dream date . and on the other side of the door be Harry , in he robe and pj 's . julian hey , look who 's answer the door . harry and look who 's at the door . julian bring you something . 57 . Julian hand he a take - out food box . julian a heart healthy dinner from we cafeteria . erica ( o.s. ) hello ... both guy turn at once . she look beautiful , wear a dress , probably the sexiest one she own . no turtleneck tonight . Julian walk to she , kiss she on the cheek . julian you look beautiful . erica thank you . behind Julian 's back Harry give erica the ' ok ' sign . erica ( throw ) we ready ..? julian let I just see how Harry 's do . it will take two second . har , have a seat . . angle - harry sit , self - conscious in he new role - the sick one . Julian take he wrist , feel he pulse . Harry look straight ahead . what he sees - erica's legs as she sit right in front of he . she cross she leg and she dress hike up a little , expose she thigh . julian furrow he brow . harry what ? that 's not the face you want to see you doctor make . julian you pulse be a little fast but maybe you be just excited about something . Harry look at erica's legs again . 58 . harry ( quickly ) I do not think so . I be not excited about anything . erica shift , the hem of she skirt rising even higher . julian there it go again . Racing . harry Doc ... impossible ! erica rise , leave Harry 's eye-line . julian oh , there we go , now I feel better . back to normal . Harry wince then rise , look to erica as she throw a pashmina over she shoulder in slow motion . Harry rush they out the door . harry okay , all right , good , have fun , do not rush back for I and do not do anything I would not do . erica well that would not leave we too many option would it ? harry and do we wonder how she write that snappy repartee . ( whisper to erica ) let he pick up the check . it will make he feel older . on erica 's shocked expression , the door slam . int . live room - later that night - a BEN webster CD plays Harry lie on the sofa . camera move up Harry 's body , past the hospital take out carton on he stomach and finally up to m he face . as the camera move we hear : arin ( o.s. ) hi , it 's Marin , I be not in so leave a message and I will call you back . harry hey , it 's I ... just sit around look at you baby picture ... think about you ... 59 . he hang up , dial another number . another young woman' voice ( o.s. ) hi and hi , you have reach brooke and Shannon . for brooke push one , for - Harry hang up then slowly sit up , let himself feel as funky as he want . harry everybody 's out but old har .. . Old , old old old har ... Harry rise dizzily , cross to the bookshelve . he rummages around , find erica's scrapbook , pull it out , randomly open it , find a photo of erica in the 70' , wear a turtleneck . Harry smile . int . erica's bedroom - moment later Harry wander in with the scrapbook tuck under he arm . he notice a bowl fill with white beach stone . Harry 's brown stone sit at the top of the pile . harry ( compliment ) top of the heap ... close on julian stare at erica . he can not get enough of she . they're in a romantic seaside restaurant . and erica 's blush for the first time in twenty - five year . erica -- so , when the land come up , I snatch it and the house be build in record time and ... ( blush to death ) it 's like a thousand degree in here . julian you know , they say doctor fall for people who need rescue , that we have a need to take care of someone . erica really ? I never hear that one . ( start fan herself with the menu ) Julian , how old be you , like ... julian -- thirty - three . 60 . erica thirty -three . - okay , so , I be twenty year older than you . more than twenty year older than you . julian you look fabulous . erica thank you but you know , I be not sure where you be head with that thing you be just say , but in term of we , you just want to be friend , right ? julian honestly ? no. erica well , then , what be it that you ... want to be ? J ulian I think I would embarrass you if I tell you . erica I be embarrassed just get dress to see you . julian this may surprise you but some woman consider I quite the guy . I have never be marry . I be a doctor . you would not believe what catnip that be for some woman . erica oh yes I would . but , you do not like girl you own age ? julian I do very much . but I have never meet one I have take to quite like this and when something happen to you that 's never happen to you before , do not you have to at least find out what it be ? erica I suppose but , see , I do not date all that much or all that well ... julian oh , come on , you must beat they away with a stick . 61 . erica now you be kid , right ? no , guy my age , the one I have meet ... well , I be not that regular a person and they really like regular . julian Men you age may be really stupid , you ever think of that ? ( take she hand ) erica yes I have . many time . julian ( look from she hand to she eye ) there 's something radically wrong with the idea that no one love you . ow . right to the middle of she shoulder , then she neck . Julian kiss she palm , then she . julian I know you would smell good . erica it 's just ...soap ... julian how much be soap that smell like this ? erica I do not know . I get it at the market . julian erica , you be incredibly sexy . erica no , swear to God , I be not ... meanwhile , harry be SOUND asleep on erica's bed her scrapbook open against he chest . we hear the SOUND of acar pull up to the house . Harry wake up . oh shit . he leap out of bed , this be the fastest he 's move in day . a bit disorient , he straighten the cover , look around for other evidence then hightail it out of there . int . live room - a moment later erica enter , let out a huge sigh . she 's bring back to reality when she hear the tv in Harry 's room . she head he way , then change she mind and stop . 62 . erica ( yell ) I be back ... harry ( o.s. ) you have fun ? erica it be interesting . so ... good night . int . harry room - same time Harry 's in bed , clearly disappointed that she do not stop in . harry ( yell ) ' night ... int . erica's bedroom - later erica , in pj 's and glass , sit at she laptop , write . she hear the chime of someone instant messengering her . it a message from harryl37 . it say : what R U do ? W e go back and forth between they two room . she answer : write . hi. what R U do ? he write : watch Joan Rivers sell jewelry . erica laugh when he add : so be you date a date ? she type : I think so ... he type : I tell ya. ( then ) you hungry ? surprise , she type : I just have dinner . he write : yeah , but woman never eat on date . erica ( to herself ) how do he know everything ! she hesitates then type : actually be a little hungry but , I be in my pjs . he write : I too . pajama party ? she stare at the screen bite she lip . he do the same . 63. erica rise , look in the mirror , check out she boob in she pajamas . they look so low . she open a drawer , rifle through it , take out a bra , take out a better bra . in he bathroom , Harry fix he hair , try to make more of it than he have . erica now wear a bra under he pajamas , check out she boob again . better . she adjust the strap . lift they higher . int . live room erica and Harry enter from opposite side of the room , both in they pajamas . harry we be cute ... erica this be pretty unusual for I . I be not use to have sleepover . harry I either . erica really ? with you social life ? harry my , dear , you be confusing sex with sleep . sleep be something I prefer to do alone . erica okay , good to know . ( head for the kitchen ) so , what be you hungry for ? harry ( join she ) what be my choice ? I mean I know you think I be not very discriminate but ... she look through the fridge . erica oh , God , what 's the difference what I think . I can not imagine what you think of I . okay , so ... pasta , leave over coq au vin , turkey sandwich or grill cheese . harry pancake . erica totally what I want . blueberry ? 64 . harry you ever miss be marry ? I bet you be great at it . erica sometimes I miss it . at night .. but not that much anymore . be one of we just say something interesting ? harry you say you can not imagine what I think of you . erica oh , right , but you do not have to answer that . harry okay . erica I mean , if you have a opinion , I would be curious but ... ' harry will you tell I first why you only miss be marry at night ? erica ( crack egg ) oh , ' cause the phone do not ring as much at night and the " alone " thing happen at night and sleep by myself take some get use to . but I get the hang of it . you gotta sleep in the middle of the bed . it 's absolutely not healthy to have a side when no one have the other side . she start mixing the batter . harry okay , now I be convinced what I think of you be right . ( erica wait . . . ) you be a tower of strength . erica ( shoulder sagging ) ughhhhhhhhhh ... . harry try not to rate my answer . erica I be sorry . it 's just ... I be sorry . 65 . harry you be like a thoroughbre in a world of mutt . no , you know what you be , you be like a great portrait over a fireplace . word have be invent to describe woman like you . erica ( fearful ) such as ? harry flinty and ... impervious . erica so you think I be inhuman . harry no . I think you be formidable . erica but cold and distant . like I be freeze in some painting ... harry not at all . I think you be strength define you . ( see how sensitive she be ) but it 's thrill when you defense be down arid you be not isolate . that , I believe , be you win combo . a killer combo actually . erica ... so I can not decide if you hate I or if maybe you be the only person who ever get I . harry I do not hate you . the moment be break when they hear the front door OPEN and high heel approaching . erica hello ? Marin arrive in the doorway in a knockout of a dress hold a bag from Zabar . she look fresh , vibrant , sexy . marin room service ! erica what be you do here at this hour ? 66 . erica and Harry have the air of kid catch make out by one of they parent . Harry straighten out he pajamas , smooth down he hair . erica catch all this . marin ( enter , kiss erica ) I have this big photography auction tonight , then I go out with a bunch of people , I check my message and get this so sad message from Harry so bored out here . I think I should come out and at least see how he be do . ( kiss Harry on the cheek ) thank you for the gorgeous flower by the way . they be so huge ... erica nod to herself . oh , God , he send they all flower . Harry note erica 's reaction . marin so how be you guy ? ( set down the Zabar 's bag ) oh , this be too sweet . you be make pancake ? awwww . and you be both in you pj' . now I feel I be interrupt . erica do not be silly . you know I never sleep and this one do not sleep either . it 's ... . what 's in the bag ? marin ( reach into the bag ) a quart of matzoh ball soup for Harry . I know it 's not the remedy for heart problem but it be low cholesterol . erica ( hat to correct she ) but high sodium . marin oh , sorry . stupid . for Mom , you favorite raisin-bread . and for I ... ( reach into the bag ) my favorite vodka . Marin 's cell phone ring . 67 . marin ( into phone ) hello ? no I be here , babe . make record time . everyone 's still there ? erica feel suddenly frumpy , fix she hair . Harry watch she . she catch he and shrug . Marin flip she phone shut and toss it in she purse . erica so , Mar , now that you be here , why do not you finish the pancake and I will get back to work ... marin Mom ! I just get here , hold on . she pour a healthy vodka into a glass , grab some ice . marin so you ex-husband stand I up today . we be suppose to have lunch at barney . he never show up . be he always like this ? erica honey , I do not know ... marin this be what happen after a couple get divorced , the kid inherit all the problem . not that I be a kid . ( then to Harry , the flirt in she come back ) so how be you , how do you feel ? when can you go home ? just as harry be about to answer , Marin 's cell ring . she pick it up , look at she caller id , throw it back in she bag . erica I really be gonna do a little work . . . you two catch up . . . and just flip this hin like two second . arry you do not want pancake anymore ? erica I , uh , I do not think I ...i ... ( look at Marin so ) gorgeous , next to he no. I do not . 68 . Marin watch she mother exit then look to Harry , he eye follow she Mom out the door . she 's see a look on Harry 's face she never remotely see when he look at she . at first she 's shocked . he like my mother ??? then a flash of jealousy . he like my mother !?! then pure joy - realize how perfect it be . int . bridgehampton general store - day erica , back in a turtleneck , pick peach out of a basket . Marin enter her frame , baseball cap , sunglass , pick cherries . marin I be break up with Harry . erica why ? what do you mean ? marin ' Cause I meet someone else . erica in the two day you have be go ? marin you know I , my life 's crazy . I meet a thousand people everyday . also , let 's face it , the guy 's insanely old for I . I would be nut to keep this go . erica true , but you know he be .... marin -- I know . he 's soulful when you do not expect it , right ? erica it 's unnerve . marin now , Mom , if you could handle this , I be think ... you and Harry ... erica I can not handle it . would not want to handle it . marin but you be only say that ' cause you think he and I have have sex . erica yes . lower you voice . have not you ? 69 . marin ( whisper ) never even get close . swear to god. ( erica digest this ) just puttin ' that out there ... ' cause for two people who be convinced they get life beat , there 's be something ' cooking in the kitchen last night other than pancake . int . erica's kitchen erica look out she kitchen window and sees Marin and Harry talking on the beach . she lean so far to see they , she 's about to lose she balance . the phone ring , she reach for it and slip right out of Frame . erica ( o.s. ) ( into phone ) hello . int . hospital corridor Julian , in he scrub , walk quickly down a hallway of the J er , on he cell phone . ulian I have wait a reasonable amount of hour before call you , even though you have be on my mind since I wake up at 5:15 . I be wonder when we could have dinner again ? I have to work the next few night and if we wait ' till next week , I know you will chicken out so how 's Friday ? I know it 's like a date night but I think that 's good . erica who be this ? Julian stop short . erica I be kid ! julian can you meet I at the Grill at eight ? erica okay . yes . that 's seem fine . I 70 . julian I look forward to , see you too . erica smile to herself . on julian - as he leans against a wall turn off the phone and grab he heart not . erica's kitchen Marin enter through the kitchen door , look almost a little daze . marin okay , he 's all yours . erica stop that . how would he take it ? marin he just take care of it for I ; he be a ace . elegant . Said we fate be to be friend . ... oh my god. ( realize something ) he be break up with I . he 's a genius . erica that 's impossible , he would not ... marin it do not matter , we be do and we both feel good about it . ( hug she ) I gotta get back . ( as she exit ) now erica , try to think of this as the smartest thing you have ever do for yourself . Marin exit and the phone ring . erica ( into the phone ) hello . harry ( from the beach ) think you would like to know you daughter break up with I . Harry and erica talk while look at each other through the Kitchen window . 71 . erica I hear . harry make up a story about meeting another guy . guess I be not so cute with a iv in my arm . erica no , I think she really do meet someone else . harry hey , it 's alright . her mother do not like I anyway . erica ( smile ) how ' bout I bring you out some lunch and a couple of blood h pressure pill ? arry you be a great woman , erica . ( erica relax ) be this why my doctor be fall in love with you ? the beach - music over erica and Harry sit on a blanket on a cloudy day have a picnic lunch . Harry be tell erica a story and she scream with laughter . brown stone in the sand - music continue erica pick they up as . she walk with Harry by the water 's edge . they talk non-stop . a little later - lightning streak the sky out of nowhere , a downpour . erica and Harry gather they picnic thing . the blanket start to fly and Harry grab it as erica run after a plate spin away in the wind . int . live room - moment later erica and Harry , wet from the rain , quickly shut all the door and window . lightn crackle across the sky and the light in the house go out . a match be struck and a candle be light . then another one , and another one . erica turn and find Harry just look at she . before either of they have time to think , they kiss . 72 . erica I be sorry . harry ( truly confuse ) for what ? erica I just kiss you . harry no , honey , I kiss you . relieyed , erica kiss he . erica I know that one be I . harry try not to keep score . he kiss she again and again . harry Soft lip ... erica I be so glad they still work . I have not use they for kissing in so long . they have be more like for wear lipstick and whistling and ... he kiss she quiet . relieved , she finally fully kiss he back . a big gorgeon kiss . harry well , well , now look who 's get something that work ... they both look down at Harry . hello , Mr. Midnight . erica and you do not even take via - harry ( put he finger on she lip ) kiss I before you make it go away . S he kiss he long and sweet . erica's bed they be kissing on it . the rain pelt against the window as the sun go down . 73. harry this could be world class interesting . ( erica nod ) have any doubt ? erica ( as they kiss ) yes . harry I too . erica but so far the kissing be spectacular . ( he look at she ) I be not grade you , just mention it . brilliant . he try to kiss she neck but the turtleneck be in the way . he pull it down , but it 's tight and it 's , difficult to get to she . harry can not get past you damn turtleneck . . . he try lift the shirt from the bottom , it 's awkward , he do not want to be down there yet . he come back up when erica reach to she night table , slide open the drawer , take out a scissor and hand it to he . erica ( breathless ) cut it off ... please . what a brilliant invitation . he take the scissors and start cut from the bottom , right past she belly , up she torso , between she breast . the turtleneck fall open from the center . when he reach she neck , he gently tear at it and it easily rip apart and there she be . he take she in . harry you be beautiful . she shake she head , ' no ' ... shut she eye . harry open you eye so I know you can hear I . ( she open she eye ) beautiful ... they kiss and she reach down for he pants . 74 . harry what about birth control ? erica menopause . harry ( thrilled ) who 's the lucky boy ... he kiss between she breast , she stomach , head down and out of frame . erica can not quite believe life hold this twist for she . then : , erica I think we should take you blood pressure . his head pop back into frame . what ????? erica it 's irresponsible not to . h arry -' a minute later sprawle out on the bed . erica straddle he and whip the blood pressure cuff on he arm and pump it hard . like a warm jewish mother of a dominatrix . he look up at she , shaking he head ... harry nobody but you would . . . erica yeah ... so you be lucky . erica grab Harry 's glass , read the result . erica ( ecstatic ) one twenty over eighty !!! baby ! the blood pressure cuff - in slow motion hurdle recklessly into the air . ext . house - night - later the rain be come down in torrent . inside we be close on erica's face - upside down , hang off the side of the bed . she 's sweaty , flushed , overwhelm ... 75 . erica oh my God , I do like sex . camera twirl around and we find harry , sprawle nearby , catch he breath , satisfied , stunne , scared . harry you certainly do . erica arrive next to he , also out of breath . erica wow . so this be what you be suppose to do on a rainy afternoon ... Harry smile . he 's try to be he debonair self but something 's off . he 's very aware of himself . they lie there quietly for a second when erica begin to tear up . Harry slowly , nervously turn to she . erica I really think I be sorta close for business . just never expect this . harry ( nod ) nothin 's ever surprised I more ... flatter , erica snuggle up close . Harry put he arm around she . then , with no warning , he eye fill with tear . harry this be crazy . I can not remember the last time I cry . I think I be overwhelm . erica ( cry with he ) I too . that 's the perfect word . harry baby , I have sex three day after a heart attack and I do not die ! erica pause . oh . that kind of overwhelm . harry that 's gotta be some kind of record . good sport erica give he a double thumb up . erica ( wiping she tear ) let 's not brag about this to we doctor , okay ? 76 . harry honey I may not be many thing but one - thing I be be a gentleman . Harry hold she close . harry erica , erica , erica . ( she turn to he ) you know I be not good at be monogamous , right ? erica monogamous ? please , I hardly know you . he look at she wonder if she 's for real . she smile as she wipe a small tear from the corner of she eye . then he kiss she . later - they 're huddle under the cover C ozy . candle light the room . it 's still raining . harry -- so there I be at nineteen , in New York , by myself , and I would never see snow before and I do not have enough money for the bus , so I have to walk . have no idea how far it be and I be talk blizzard and I be in sneaker . erica awwwww , . . . later - they 're lying on a chaise in erica 's room , make out . a cell phone ring . they both look around for it . erica reach for it on she desk . erica ( disorient ) hello ? I mean ... hello. ( turn phone upside down ) hello . intercut with marin in a taxi in the CITY - it's pouring marin Mom , you guy okay out there ? erica we be fine . why ? what 's go on ? 77 . marin what do you mean , it 's like a hurricane . the news say the wind be like a zillion mile a hour . erica oh , that . oh , no , we be fine ... marin be you have sex ? tell the truth . you be , be not you . erica absolutely not . no . that be not go on now . marin oh my God , you already do it . be it amazing ? erica I have to go . marin just tell I , be it amazing ? erica yes and thank you for the wonderful opportunity . Marin screammmmmmmmmmms . erica flip the phone shut , look to Harry , embarass . erica ( to Harry ) be I interested in buy aluminum siding . . . harry really ? Marin 's sell aluminum siding ? erica bury she face in he chest . later Harry and erica sit on stool at the kitchen island , drink wine and eat scramble egg right out of the pan . candle light the room . harry -- but why Paris ? erica I just always want to write a play that end there . 78 . erica ( cont 'd ) people need romance like that . and if someone like I do not write it , where they gonna get it ? Real life ? harry ( slightly insulted ) Excuse I . what do you call this ? eat egg by candlelight in we robe after ... she kiss he , start to say , " I be sorry " when he pull she back , kiss she again , then look at she hard , perplex . climbing back under the cover harry so where do you like to eat in Paris ? E rica oh , I love this place call Le balzar , it 's just a little bistro on the Left Bank , best roast chicken in the universe . harry you would be fun to go to Paris with . erica it 's a great city to stay up all night in . ( then ) when 's you birthday ? harry February . erica mine 's in January . so , how ' bout if we still know each other by then we go to Paris for we birthdays . harry ( a beat , then ) maybe . . . erica oh. sorry . you just ... ( see the look on he face ) . I have no idea how to do this ... be intimate but not ... the color be drain from you face . okay , look , I be gonna pee , take one of you blood pressure pill then when I get back , let 's not talk anymore . 79 . she get out of bed . harry you be the funniest girl I ever have sex with . she have no idea how to take that . decide to accept it . erica that 's somethin' ... harry honey ... ? she turn , see he 's get out of bed , approach she . harry I think I be gonna go back to my room ... let you sleep . erica let I sleep ? oh , right ... you usually send the girl home . . . but I be home ... so ...okay . harry I be a old dog , you ' know . erica hey , it 's perfectly . .. whatever . good night . this be .. this be a great night . for I ... harry I too . at one point I even think soul mate , you know ... erica nod . she know . harry flop onto he bed stare straight up at the ceiling . int . erica's room - same time erica get back in she bed . she lie there for a second , secure she armor back in place . she routinely move to the middle of the bed , neaten out the cover and shut she eye . then a small knock on she open door . she see Harry in the doorway . harry I would like to try sleep with you . I 80 . erica hesitates , then move to one side of the bed and as Harry climb in next to she we : fade thru to : ext . house - the following morning the place be a mess , the aftermath of the storm . hnt . erica's bedroom - the same time arry spoon with erica on she side of ' the bed , he arm snuggly around she . the electricity pop bagk on and the room be suddenly light up and one of erica 's french CD come on full blast . Harry open he eye . he 's surprised to see he have he arm around she . erica awaken just as surprised . in the light of day , a definite hint of embarrassment ... harry ( grab he watch , blink ) can you see this ? erica not really but it look like it say eleven . harry ( slip on he glass ) it be eleven ... erica it can not be , that would mean we sleep eight hour . harry impossible . they turn and finally look at each other . both look wrinkle , messy haire , a little wipe . harry how ya doin ' Ace ? ( she , elt as he lie right back down ) whoa nelly ... little dizzy . erica okay , just stay still , here 's the clicker . you know you have a doctor 's appointm qnt in a hour . ( get out of bed ) ( more ) 81 . erica ( cont 'd ) I will make we some coffee , get you you pill , whip we up some french toast , I have , the best maple syrup ever . ' harry erica ... ( she turn ) you be a woman to love . erica smile , then walk away with the achey walk of a woman who have not have sex in many a year but have more than make up for it in the last 12 hour . she hold onto the wall as she exit the room , a little bow - legge , like she 's just get off a horse . alone in the hallway , she stop . erica you be woman to love . what the hell do that mean ? a ekg machine spit out a long tape . tilt up to Julian at the end of the tape . Harry sit on a examine table in julian' office , buttone up he shirt . julian okay , buddy , I be send you home . this past few day have do wonder for you . harry yeah , I have be work on that stair thing . I can do it by the way . J ulian do what ? harry ( quickly ) climb a flight of stair . several time actually . Harry stand , tuck in he shirt , smile proudly to himself . julian Way to go . how 's erica ? harry ( catch ) erica ? julian I know you must know she name by now . 82. harry yes , I do . erica , as it turn out be a amazing woman . do whatever she can to make I happy . really . turn out she 's very give . Julian , suddenly rivete to this word . harry very give . julian ( look away ) yeah , well that 's wonderful . I think she 's wonderful . a real moment between they . Julian decide to take the high road . harry I think she 's wonderful too . julian ( gather he thing ) give she my best ... harry Julian . thanks for everything . Julian shake Harry 's hand . Harry 's eye tear up . julian you be gonna be okay . harry ( touch he tear ) what the ...? this be the second time I have do this now . I get overcome or something . . . julian it 's very common to become emotional after have a episode like you have have . everything take on a new meaning . harry ( wiping he tear ) so it 's not crazy for a man to do something entirely out of character after have a heart attack ? julian ( hand he kleenex ) like cry ? 83. harry yeah and totally change they taste . like suddenly really like something they never think they could like ... ever ... and I be talk really like it . it 's ... unnerve . julian I think you can expect just about anything right now . people have do some wild thing after have a heart attack ... sell business , get divorced , move ... some people say it save they life . harry but most people go back to be themselves , right ? I will go back to be I , will not I ? J ulian we will see . erica - typing - her phone ring she wear a blouse with more button unbuttone than ever in she life . she pick up the phone . harry drive erica's car , top down . harry ( on he cell ) hi. erica hey . what would he say ? harry he say you be wonderful . erica no , really , what would he say ... how be you ? harry he say I be good .. that I can go . . erica ( obviously conflict ) oh. so ... congratulation . that 's really . . . great . harry yeah , he say ... by tomorrow for absolute sure . you think you can deal with I for one more night ? 84 . a crowded club - southampton - that night pack with Young people . in the middle of this twentystomething sun burnt beach crowd , we find , erica and Harry , the two coolest people in the room , dance with each other . a little ' later - the karaoke room Harry lead erica through a crowd listen to a girl sing Britney Spears ' oops , I do it again . when she finish the crowd enthusiastically applaud . harry ( big breath ) okay , here go ... erica here go what ? harry here go I sing to you ... ( pull a disc out of he pocket ) buy my own music . erica you know they have karaoke ? harry baby , it 's why we be here . . Harry make he way to the stage , hand they he disc . he 's hand a microphone . he look right at erica . harry this be for you , Ace ... ( then , under he breath ) wish I luck . the Music begin and it be a instrumental version of one of erica 's french song , " I wish you Love " . harry ( sing ) I wish you bluebird in the spring ... to give you heart a song to sing ... and then a kiss , but more than this ... I wish h you love ... arry take out a sheet of paper and he glass . harry do not want to blow this part ... now Harry sing the rest of the song in french . . . 85 . -. harry ( sing ) et en juillet une limonade ... pour vous refroidir dan quelque lefy glade ... and so on ... erica watch know something in she life have just that second , forever change . and as Harry continue sing , we : CUT to : lowell - the next day pack the trunk of the town car in front of erica 's house . int . harry room - same time Harry toss he pill in a leather bag . .. erica enter do the worst job she 's ever do of be strong . erica ( hold some cigar ) here you go , you can have this back now . ( Harry look confuse ) I confiscate they you first night here ... harry ( smell they ) thank you darlin' ... erica try not to smoke they ... ( hand he a small bag ) and I pack you a sandwich , just in case you blood sugar get low . and some of that iced - tea you like , and a nonfat , low cholesterol cookie . and a peach . harry what a doll ... ( notice ) get something else ? from behind she back erica pull out a mason jar fill with all dark beach stone with one white stone in the center . erica something to remember I by . Harry hug she . erica awkwardly throw she arm around he and kiss he , then kiss he better . he 's move by she . 86 . harry there be that ... erica and hey , we will always have Paris . harry honey , no word can ever express my gratitude for take I in and take care of I and ... erica hey , you heart attack could be the best thing that ever happen to I . harry ( kiss she quickly , even faster throw out ) I love ya . erica I love you too ... if that 's what you say . I do not know if it end in ' ya ' if it 's a official I love you but ... Harry expression look something like he 's in pain . then. . . harry you be not like anybody . erica neither be you . int . car - moving away from the house - day lowell drive , rattling on about all the people who have be call about he . Harry , in the backseat , look back at the house , until it be finally out of view . Harry then look inside the bag with the sandwich and find a envelope from erica , pull it out , do not open it , place it back in the bag then take out he cell phone and dial . int . erica's live room - same time - over , the phone ring the room be empty . erica rush in , pick up the phone . E rica I know you would call . marin - walking in soho on she cell phone , crying . 87 . marin who ? it 's I . intercut erica what 's wrong ? marin I have breakfast with dad this morning and we be talk and he start look all weir ~ and then he tell I he meet someone three week ago and it 's " really something and then he ( sobbing now ) he tell I he 's get marry . why be I reacting this way ? I be almost thirty year old ... ( people stare at she ) yes , I be cry , leave I alone . erica who 's he marrying ? marin I do not know . some chick he meet three week ago . she 's four year older than I and she 's a ear , nose and Throat Doctor . have he lose he mind ? I have a huge auction tonight ... why do I have to be the one to deal with this ? can you please come in ? I be rea : ~y upset , my shrink ' ~ away for two week ... I know you be work but . . . please . . ? a upper east side STREET - a little later one of that gorgeous tree line street from a Woody Allen movie that make New York seem quaint . Harry 's town car pull up in front of a gorgeous pristine townhouse . Harry step out in shade , hold a unlit cigar . lowell join he as the Front door open and out pour he two leggy assistant and thumping hip hop Music . lowell good to be back ? harry let 's find out . ext . erica's house - later camera quickly track erica down the front path and to she car . she 's on she cell . 88. erica hold on , I be lose you . okay , so you will let Harry know I will be . in the city tonight and he can reach I on my cell ... if he want ... okay ? aw shit . hello ? ext . sotheby's auction house - that night a crowd file in for tonight 's auction . int . backstage dressing room - same time a tearful Marin be change from jeans and a T-shirt to a proper dress and heel . erica lean on a table , listen . marin -- look , I get that he have a right to get remarry , but he do not even know she and she 's like my age . you know what that 's like ? it 's like beyond creepy . and I know he 's not replace I so why do it feel like he be ? this be crazy , right ? crying like this ... ( light a cigarette ) erica honey , if he 's replace anyone , it 's I . and all the statistic say divorced man almost always remarry . that 's just the way they be build . marin ( slip on she dress ) Mom , you want to know the answer to the big mystery of my life ? why I be always with the wrong guy ? this be why . because the wrong guy can not do this to you . you have some control with the wrong guy . this thing I be feel right now . this be my big fear ... that some guy could get I unglue like this , like nothing 's connect . and this be just my father ! I be just not strong enough to handle this kind of drama . erica the drama in life be what make you strong . marin no , it 's what make you strong . you have never really understand this , but we be not all like you . 89 . marin ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , if I be you and my ex husband , the man who I still allow to direct my play .! be get marry to some 33 year old ear , nose and Throat Babe , I would be bonker . and look at you . ( realize ) you have never look better , by the way . ( sink ) my anti-depressant be obviously not work . it should cover event like this should not it ? erica since when do you take a antidepressant ? marin ugggh , mother , do you know anyone who do not ? erica yes . me. marin I rest my case . a knock on the door . voice from outside Marin , we be all set . marin Mom , can you do one other really big thing for I ? just say yes . erica ( take two turn ) anything bubee . marin will you come out to dinner tonight with I and dad and the fiance ? erica absolutely not . no. marin please . he want I to meet she and I can not go alone . I already ask he if you could come and he say it be fine and she say it be fine . look , you be gonna have to meet she too , so , we might as well meet she together . come on , you know you can handle it . 90 . erica pause , think m about it . she know she can too . arin okay . that 's it . see that look on you face . that 's the gene I do not get . int . sotheby ' S - moment later Marin , now all pull together , stand at the podium in front of a pack house . if ' you do not know , you would never guess . marin good evening and welcome to sotheby 's and this evening 's sale of impressionistic and modern Art . bidder should know that the auctioneer may open bid on any lot below the reserve by place a bid on behalf of the seller . okay ... let 's start with lot I , the Bonnard draw . and $ 5.000 start with my bidder , $ 5000 be bid , 5500 , 6000 , 6500 be mine , 7000 gentleman 's bid , 7500 be here , 8000 on the phone . . . on erica in the back of the room , watch with pride and worry . she slip out she cell , check she message . her phone light up and tell she she have " 0 " Voice mail . a clock on the wall - it's 8:30 we be in erica's empty kitchen in the hampton and she phone be ringing . angle - a cell phone as a man 's hand turn it off . we be : int . hampton' restaurant Julian sit at a table , by himself , in a coat and tie , tucking away he phone . the waiter sympathetically approach the table . julian guess I get stand up . waiter would you like to order or ...? 91 . julian why not , I put. on the tie and everything . and can you bring I another . . . ( indicate he drink ) Julian take a look at the menu , then look away . two dinner plate be carried through the restaurant and as the camera widen we realize we be : in a chic cafe in manhattan - later that night camera take we to erica , Marin , Dave and dave' fiance , kristen , a combo of a hot tie and a young professional . everyone have menus and drink . a waiter deliver two new martinis for Marin and erica . they both go right for they . erica drink too much too fast . D ave ( to erica ) thirsty ? erica I have have a big week Dave , forget how this slip right down . I be fine . so , Kristen , where would you go to ... ( burp ) -- medical school ? Excuse I . kristen University of Pennsylvania . erica I go to school in Philadelphia too . dave bryn mawr girl . kristen that 's amazing . my Mom go to bryn mawr . . . marin wow . so not only be you marrying my father but we mother go to the same college . Marin take out a pack of cigarettes . marin anyone mind ? kristen actually I do . 92 . marin okay , I will just .. have one . ( light up ) so , this be not go badly so far be it ? I mean for a totally surreal situation like this . dave shall we order ? kristen absolutely . dave ( peruse menu ) erica , do I like duck ? erica yes . it 's rabbit you hate . ( to Kristen ) I will give you a list of everything he like and dislike . dave let 's let she figure some thing out on she own . erica I do not mean that thing , Dave . she do go to medical school . marin ( point to herself and Kristen ) hey , not in front of the kid . erica ( polish off she martini ) I will tell you this ... Dave have one truly great love in he life . kristen really ? what 's that ? erica his ball . dave okay , I forget to mention she can not drink hard liquor . ( to Marin ) why do you order she a martini ? E 93. erica what ? it 's not true ? the man can not watch tv or read without the hand down the pants -- here 's my advice after 21 year I say who care , they be he ball , let he enjoy them . marin ( choke ) I think I swallow my olive , whole . erica look up and see something that take she breath away . a couple zighagging around table and head in she direction . a sexy Young thing follow by she date -- no other than Harry . Harry stop to shake someone 's hand , hold he date around the waist . suddenly , the SOUND drop out of the restaurant as Harry and he date walk right by erica 's table in slow motion , not notice she . m oving in on erica as the room come alive again . her eye follow Harry as he be seat only one table away , he back to erica , he date face she . Marin have not see he . erica try she hardest to act normal but apparently be not . marin Mom , you okay ? erica yeah , fine . erica look at she menu then she eye go right back to Harry . his date be laugh at something Harry be say . Harry lean in to she , whisper something to she . she touch he hand . rica you know what ? maybe I need a little air ... erica rise ; grab she purse , almost bump into a waiter as she pass Harry 's table , knock into someone 's chair , a glass break . everyone turn to she , include Harry . she now stand right at he table . he smile up at she . harry hey . erica hello ... Harry . ( to he date ) hello ... 94 . ext . restaurant erica rush out . she 's a little high and she heart be pound . she head down the street . erica oh , God , I be so stupid ... she pick up she pace , start run . her cell phone ring . erica hello ? intercut Harry and erica on they cell , a block apart . harry ( walk quickly ) slow down . you want to kill I ? she consider it . erica Harry , I gotta go ... harry erica , she 's just a friend . erica yeah , she look like a buddy kind of a girl . erica reach a corner , can not get across , turn the corner . Harry arrive next to her . harry come on , it 's just a dinner ... erica look , Harry , here 's the problem . I really like you . harry I really like you . erica yeah , but I love you like you . ( that stop he ) I do . I love you . Harry swoon and not in a good way . harry I think maybe you should consider that you be in love with the idea of be in love . 95 . erica D of you ? okay . oh , God ... ( stomp she foot ) I be like the dumb girl who do not get it . ( try not to cry in front of he ) I have never be the dumb girl before . it be not so great . harry let 's just calm down . this be just a a meal with a friend . erica -- do you know I call you seven hour ago ? harry I be gonna call you . I have be jam all day , it 's my first day back . erica uh-huh . . . harry I have this plan before I meet you . but I do like see you . I do . I be always surprised by it . erica what be I think ? harry maybe you be not think for once and look what a good time we have . let 's not ruin something great . erica Harry , I will not be good at this . harry at what ? erica acting like I do not care . harry I have never lie to you . I have always tell you some version of the truth . erica ( freaking on that one ) the truth do not have version . 96 . harry can you cut I a little slack ? my life 's be turn upside down . erica yeah . mine too . harry then let 's each get we bearing . erica I do not want my bearing . I have have my bearing my whole fuck life . I feel something with you that ... oh , you do not want to - harry yes I do . ( she will not open up ) tell I . erica I feel something with you , I do not know really exist . you know what that 's like after a twenty year marriage ? to feel something for another person that 's so off the chart , that - ( Harry look down ) okay , not you problem . this be why I be not good in relationship . you know writer be like teacher , that who can - do , that who can not - write romantic comedy where this do not happen in the third act ... and it certainly do not happen to a 55 year old woman . in the play I will be 36 so it will not be as pathetic . I be just too old to feel crush . I have write this feel but I never really get it . ( realize ) you know what this be ? ( point to herself ) this be heart break . how 's that for impervious ? harry you be killin ' I . erica I just wish it have last more than a week . harry I too . 97 . erica that 's a horrible thing to say . ( walk off , come back ) the life I have before I meet you . I know how to do that , could do that forever . now look at I ... what do I do with all this ? harry can we talk tomorrow ? erica what for ? I see you friend you be have dinner with , if that 's what you want , it 's never go to work with I . look at I . I be a middle age woman , do not let this brown hair fool you , I do not have a real brown hair on my head , I be almost all grey ... that would freak you out , would not it ? and I have . high cholesterol and my back hurt every morning and I be post menopausal and I have osteoperosis and I be sure arthritis be just around the corner and I know you have see my vericose vein . let 's face it man , that 's not quite the buzz you be lookin ' for . a taxi pull up . erica and you know what ? everyday , I be gettin ' older . .. just like you . erica open the back door of the taxi . harry wait . erica turn . this be he chance . harry I just ... the truth be ... I do not know how to be a boyfriend . erica that 's what you have to say after all this ? you do not know how to be a boyfriend . harry that 's not a small thing . they be both out of word . 98 . erica be we do ? harry I do not know . she nod . he do not give . she duck into the cab and it pull away . Harry stand on the street , watch she go . harry ( wince ) ouch . he grab he heart . harry oh , God ... harry - on a gurney wheeled through the emergency room of Beth Israel Hospital . this be not the hampton . this place be crawl with patient . Harry 's deliver to a latina Doctor in she thirty , dr . martinez . as he 's take off the gurney , he 's immediately hook up to a heart monitor , give oxygen and a iv . nurse come in by cab , 15 minute of chest pain , no nauseau , some shortness of breath , be hospitalize a week ago with a coronary thrombosis . dr . martinez hang a nitro drip . harry you can not . I take viagra . dr . martiinez you have be through this before . give he 5 mge of metoprolol . you h~ving chest pain right now ? h arry no , and the pain I be have be sharp , not like before . . dr . martinez that 's good . not like before be we like to hear . ( read ekg ) give he aspirin . 99 . dr . martinez ( cont 'd ) base on what I see so far , you heart be not in distress but I be gonna do a rapid enzyme test to be sure . what be you do at the onset of the pain ? harry have a fight with someone . a woman . can a woman give you chest pain ? dr . martinez be you kid ? Love hurt , have not you hear ? harry yeah , but so far , I have only give pain , I never get any . dr . martinez ( confuse at how literal he be ) all right , well you be battin ' a thousand here . you enzyme look perfect , you ekg be normal and the pain do not sound like the kind of pain we worry about . I think what you experience be normal chest pain associate with stress . harry stress ? dr . martinez and incase you have not hear , that can give you a heart attack . Mr. langer , I do not know what you be up to gallivant out and about at this hour , but if you be my dad , I would make sure you be home , in bed , recuperate . int . harry townhouse - later Harry slowly climb up the gorgeous staircase of he townhouse . exhausted , he stop half way up , sit on a step , take out he cell . harry if you be my dad ... he pull he glass out of he pocket , put they on to dial . something feel odd , he take off he glass , look at they , they be not he -- they be erica 's . he put they back on and dial . 100 . erica's voice hi. it 's erica . I be not here so leave a message . he realize he do not know what to say , hang up , then look at she glass . harry ( grab he chest ) ouch . black screen a light pop on and erica enter her bedroom , cry . she flop down on she bed , pick up she phone , grab she glass , put they on , do not realize they be Harry 's . she dial . Voice mail tell she she have one message . she sit up , excited . J ulian' voice erica , hi , it 's Julian . it 's about 8:20 , I be in the restaurant ... just wonder if you be ... erica hang up , start cry again . she take off she glass to wipe she eye when she realize she 's hold Harry 's glass . just the sight of they make she burst into tear , the kind of tear that have be thirty year in the make . erica's computer keyboard - night a tear land on it . erica , back in a turtleneck and wear Harry 's glass , start write at a breakneck pace , all the while , tear flood she eye . morning - wave breaking on the shore erica wake up . as soon as she eye open , she burst into tear . while in the shower , the cry never stop . while she eat breakfast , a downpour . running on the beach , she 's wail . back at the " computer , she 's sobbing as she hand fly over the key . a actual boo hoo can be hear . at night , laptop in bed , erica write , eat a bagel , wear Harry 's glass and a pair of wrinkle pajamas , french music play in the bg . at this point , she do not even " pay attention to she tear , just wipe and type when out of nowhere she receive a instant message from harry . he write : do I hear french Music ? shock , she sit up , try to fix she hair . h 101 . int . harry bedroom - same time Harry sit up in bed , stare at he laptop , wear erica 's glass , a pair of pajamas and a three day growth . a thermometer be propped in he mouth . he write : R U there ? she answer : yes. hello . he write : how be ya ? she write : great ... as , she wipe she tear on she sleeve . e write : how 's the write go ? she answer : pour out of I now . go figure . E he type : I miss y .. he stop , think before send . rica wait on she side . nothing , be come over . then , on he side , he receive : actually just run out . take care ... Harry delete the I miss y... and instead write : U 2 . erica slide down in she bed , wipe . int . harry ' S bedroom - same time Harry take out he thermometer . feel lose . look at the clock . it 's 10:00 p.m . int . lowell' bedroom - same time lowell lie in bed in pj' , watching tv , smoking . Harry arrive at he doorway in he pajamas . lowell put out he cigarette , fan the smoke . harry lowell , I be goin ' out . lowell ( confuse ) okay . do not forget to put some clothes on . harry I mean , I should go out , should not I ? since . when do not I go out ? just cause some emergency room Doctor tell I to stay in bed , do not mean I have to turn into a monk . 102 . lowell be there something you would like I to do for you , Mr. langer ? harry well , no , just ... well , what be you doin ' ? lowell watch Lucy . harry would you hate make I something to eat ? close - lucy and ethel on tv reverse - harry and lowell lie on top of the cover in lowell 's room , both eat bowl of pasta , watch tv . harry funny woman be adorable , do not you think ? lowell I never really think about it . harry neither have I , but think about it . funny 's a unique thing in a woman . it 's fun to be around . lowell there 's some reason we have be watch this two for 5o year . harry exactly . it last . we be not sittin ' here watchin' mamie Van doren rerun . lowell no we be not . you feel okay ? harry I do not think I have sleep one night since I have be home . every little ache and pain scare the shitout of I ... can not get a handle on my emotional life , do not know what I want , do not know if what I feel be because I just have a heart attack or be real . plus , I feel needy . I never use that word in my life . 103 . harry ( cont 'd ) lowell , have you ever see I like this ? be honest . lowell nothing even close . harry that 's right , buddy , I be a mess . and I be no good at it . ( realize something ) that be very nice pajamas , by the way . do they use to be mine ? lowell yes but you give they to I , you say you never wear they . harry I know . but why would I do that ? they be so elegant . Nice piping ... lowell Mr. langer , you be always give away beautiful thing . harry awwwww ... how do I get like this ? ( eye flutter shut ) I be gonna shut my eye for a few minute . keep Lucy on ... Harry nod off and lowell turn out the light . ext . beach - the hamptons - morning - music over erica and Zoe be take a walk . erica , still cry , pick up a brown stone , explain its meaning to Zoe . Zoe hold the stone , make a `awwww ' face . erica nod , then Zoe toss the stone in the ocean , feed up with hearing about he already . then , Zoe stop erica , point to something . marin and her new boyfriend frolick on the beach . he 's a young hunk in a tank top , short , highlight hair . erica roll she eye . ext . beach stair - dusk Marin rush down the stair . erica sit near the bottom of the stair , watch the sunset . marin Mom , we be go into town ... erica turn , wiping tear . 104 . marin be you cry ? ( join she ) I do not know you do that . erica yeah , it 's my new thing . I have get abnormally great at it . marin ( sit on the step with she ) be it Harry ? erica seem I gotta learn how to do that love them and leave them stuff . marin Fucking man . you do not care when I say fuck , do you ? erica not really . sometimes . not right now . marin so now you get my theory about love ? you gotta self protect . it 's too dangerous . erica Marin , that theory ... how can I put this so you feeling will not get hurt . it 's just so crazy , it make I want to screammmmmmmmmmm !!!! marin and how would you put it if you want to hurt my feeling ? erica listen to I ... you can not hide from love for the rest of you life because maybe it will not work out and maybe you will become unglue . that 's not a way to live . marin so you be tell I you be happy right now ? this be good what happen to you ? 105 . erica no . this be bad . but for the three day it be good , it be electrify . Marin 's eye fill up . erica I think you must consider the possibility that we be more alike than you realize . I let someone in and I have the time of my life . marin ( tearful ) I have never have the time of my life . erica I know . and bubbee , I say this from the deep part of my heart . . ... what the fuck be you wait " for ? int . harry house - NYC - night a party be in progress . it 's loud . the place be crawl with character from the hip hop world . Harry wind he way down he crowded staircase , Girls grab at he as he pass by . as hard as he try , he can not quite bring to life the guy he know how to be . lowell ( as Harry pass ) h aving fun ? harry not quite . Harry make he way down the stair , through the crowded entry and out the front door . outside , Harry step into the quiet STREET , look up at he house and the party inside . ext . roadside farm stand - east hampton - day Zoe be pick corn , when she notice Julian across the way . he glance up , look right past she , obviously do not remember she , keep on shopping . Zoe think for a see , wonder how she can get he attention when he look right back at she , he face full of hope . int . erica's dine room - later erica set the table for two . Zoe poke she head in the door . zoe I get you something great at the farm stand . J 106 . Zoe fully open the door revealing Julian hold a bouquet of fresh cut flower . julian this be for you to give I when you apologize . int . dine room - later - music over candlelit . Zoe , erica and Julian share a bottle of wine and a home cook meal . the camera do a 360 around the table , they face say it all . the woman bask in Julian 's warmth as he entertain they with storey . Zoe look from Julian to erica , relieved to see she sister smile again . int . kitchen - later erica place coffee cup in the sink . Julian be next to she , lean against the counter , hold a glass of wine . erica Julian , I hope you know I be mortify by my behavior . I be go to get in touch with you , send you a note or something ... julian a note ? that 's a little chilly . erica I be embarrassed . I just have not be myself lately . what can I say ? julian just tell I you be sorry . erica I be sorry . julian then you could kiss I . erica kiss you ? ulian nod . erica you will forgive I if I kiss ' you ? julian think so . erica hesitates then give he a peck of a kiss . 107 . julian no one on earth would forgive you for that kiss ( place he wine glass on the counter ) May I ? erica nod as Julian take she in he arm and give she a kiss that do not quit . julian ( still hold she , whisper ) I forgive you . erica very distinctly begin to hear the beat of she own heart . dissolve to : erica's computer screen - another night on it be write : the light on the eiffel Tower dim to black as the music continue to play . erica sit back , still wear Harry 's glass . finish at last . she notice a empty kleenex box on she desk . she toss it in a hook shot across the room and it land right in the trash can . int . live room - moment later Julian sit on the sofa , shoe off , read the first half of the play . a fire burn in the fireplace . erica approach the back of the sofa , hold the rest of the page . julian it 's the best thing you have ever write . erica it be ? julian it 's wonderful . it 's sweet . it 's smart . it 's funny . erica lean oyer the sofa , read over he shoulder . julian how great be it that I be not intimidate by you brilliance ? erica give he a small kiss of appreciation . 108 . julian must we go through this every time ? come here ... she lean into he and he kiss she fully and sweetly . she hold onto the sofa for support . CUT to : a pretty girl - who look a lot like marin eat lunch in orso 's , talk non-stop . pretty girl I be totally excited about this audition . it 's such a great part . it 's support but she 's a really funny character . there 's this totally hilarious scene where she 's dating this like chauvinist older guy and just as they be about to do it , the guy moan and she think he 's just really into she , right ? except he 's have a heart attack and she 's like creepe out and she mother , who basically despise the guy , rush in , give he cpr and save he life . reverse on harry choke on he lunch . int . broadway theater - day audition be in progress . on stage , a actress read for the a part of " the sister " . ctress look , we be four sophisticated people . why can not we all stay for the weekend ? on erica's profile in the audience . she sit in a row by herself , listen . Harry enter her frame , sit directly behind she . harry I need to talk to you . erica freeze , horrify . turn , see he . harry get a minute ? 109 . backstage erica and Harry stand in front of a backdrop of the beach . harry so you play 's about we ? erica no , it 's about I . harry be I in it ? erica a guy like you be in it but he 's not you . harry what happen to this guy who 's .. not I ? erica have not totally decide . he can live or he can die . harry what be you lean towards ? erica death . ( Harry react ) it 's funnier . harry he die of a funny heart attack ? erica he 's sort of a schmuck who screw around with we heroine , so it will not be too sad . harry schmuck be people too you know . death do not seem a little harsh ? erica I just go where the story take I . it 's a work of fiction , Harry . really ... just stuff I make up . stage manager ( approach ) erica , we be ready to do the hospital , ' do you take viagra scene ... should we wait for you ? 110 . erica nod , horrify . harry so I be go to be the laugh stock of Broadway . erica Harry , he 's not you . he 's a version of the truth of you . so to speak . stage manager sorry to interrupt again but Dave want to know , when Henry say , " I love ya " , you want that to be ' ya ' , not ' you ' , right ? erica right . we now hear Louis armstrong 's La vie en Rose play throughout the theater . the beach back be ' raise and a eiffel tower backing be lower behind they . they both try to ignore the music , but it 's impossible . E rica well , you look really nice . you feel all right ? as they stand in front of the eiffel Tower back , fake snow fall from above ... harry you know it be not like I want to stop see you . we could have carry on a fun thing for awhile . why be it you dame want all or nothing ? erica I do not know , we be just goofy when it come to love ... look , Harry , if it 's all right with you , I would like to be friend harry I be not ready to be you friend . how 's that ? erica Fine . I understand . harry anyway , do you actually buy that horse shit .. . that man and woman can be friend once they have have sex ? 111 . erica I be friend with my ex-husband , but then again , we do not just have sex . harry we do not just have sex either . erica then what be it ? Love to know . harry can I e-mail it to you when I figure it out ? ( laugh ) this be perfect . I have give the ` can not we be friend ' speech for 40 year . I think I invent the ' can not we be Friends ' speech . but you know what , now I get why they never go for it . you dame get one thing right . sometimes sex do change everything . call I crazy , but I just do not see we out on the town , be pal , have dinner , ' cause I would bet you anything , at some point , one of we will have very unfriend like thought about the other then pass the bread become anything but pass the bread . you get what I be say ? erica you do not want to be friend . harry not " do not " . can not . can not be friend . do not work that way . ( try to calm down ) okay , I be move into another phase of this thing . I be mad at you . ( realize ) it almost feel good . erica I think I be mad at you too . harry excellent . ' Cause I do not like think about you so much and worry about how you be and if I ruin you life or ... erica -- you have worried about I ? harry yes honey , the schmuck who deserve to die , worry about you . 112 . harry ( cont would ) sometimes worry about you feel like a full time job . erica well , doll , I be do fine . so you do not have to work that shift anymore . again , the stage manager ... stage manager erica , they want you to take a look at the costume for the dance Henry 's . this gonna work for you ? Harry and erica turn and see a chorus line of balding 60 year old men in hospital gowns and sock . ext . theater - day Harry fly out the stage door , right into the street , be almost hit by a motorcycle , do not seem to care . ext . central park - day Harry walk briskly through the park , still piss , he pace start to get to he . he spot a bench with a woman jogger at one end . he park himself at the other end of the bench , out of breath . tries h reason with himself . to arry God be a woman , I know that now . no man would punish I like this . woman jogger you never change , do you ? surprise , Harry turn , glance over at the woman . she drink from a water bottle then offer he a easy warm smile . she 's adorable , mid-sixty , short grey hair . harry do you know I or be you just talk to I as " man " in general , the beast woman love to hate . woman jogger no , no , I know you Harry . harry oh . do not tell I . I date you daughter . ( the woman laugh ) right ? I break she heart then she marry some hard work Joe on the rebound , have three great kid . what be so funny ? 113. woman jogger you date I and you break my heart but after you I meet the right guy . I have be marry thirty - seven year , have four kid , eight grandkid and a ninth on the way . Harry now fully turn in she direction , totally clueless . harry I date you . .? ( the woman nod ) do we. ever ...? woman jogger no ...we do not . he look at she hard but still do not remember she . harry can you give I hint ? a year ? a decade ? woman jogger the sixty . ( Harry squint at she ) you take I to Shea Stadium . harry to a Met game ? I must have really like you . woman jogger you take I to see the Beatles . harry oh , God , I really like you . you be Sandra . .. cook . we do . we see the Beatles together . how the hell have you be ? what happen to you ? sandra well , let 's see , after we stop go out , I go back to school , get my doctorate in marine biology , go around the world a few time , meet the man of my dream at Oxford , marry he , we live in London for 25 year . I write and teach , we raise 3 son and a daughter . I have just finish my ninth book and now I be training for my first marathon . now , I must confess , I actually remember the very last thing you ever say to I . 114 . sandra ( cont would ) you walk I to my door , I be tearful and you look at I with that puppy dog eye and say , " honey , I just do not know how to be a boyfriend . " now , tell I , what have you be up to since 1964 ? over Harry 's face , we hear the SOUND of a siren blaring . int . hospital - day Harry be wheeled through the er with the gurney . Dr. martinez run along with the gurney . dr . martinez Mr. langer ... back so soon . harry this be it , I be dyin ' , I have have 20 minute of severe chest pain , nausea , shortness of breath , blood pressure 's gotta be 170 over 100 . ( stick out he arm ) give I the nitrate , I do not take viagra . ( rip open he shirt ) plug I in to the ekg , I need a aspirin , I be take 2 beta blocker , blood thin , lipitor , procardia and if I be you , I would be pound my chest . ow ! male nurse you be a doctor , huh ? harry just a very sick man . close - the paper tape from harry ekg Dr. martinez read it . dr . martinez Mr. langer , you diagnosis although fascinating , be entirely incorrect . harry that 's impossible . dr . martinez you realize a severe anxiety attack can masquerade as a heart attack . harry so I be nut ? perfect ! the one thing I be not take pill for . 115 . dr . martinez if you do not want , to end up in here every week , I suggest you do whatever it take to decompress . try something with I , okay ? ( take he pulse ) Close you eye ... now give yourself a visual image of something that give you a feel of peace and serenity . harry I do not know . a hammock ... dr . matinez okay , good ... what else ..? harry Palm tree ... clear blue water ... we hear the SOUND of lapping water , sea gull . . . . dr . martinez anybody there with you ? harry yes . beautiful woman ... in thongs ... dr . martinez ( disgust ) okay . what else do you see , feel , taste ... harry a margarita ... a Cuban cigar . .. mile of soft beach .. . dr . martinez keep go ... you be do great ... and as Harry keep list thing , camera move in on he as the steel band get louder and louder . dissolve to : the word . . . six month later falling snow fill the frame boom down to see the theater marquee of erica 's play on Broadway . on the marquee be rave from critic , " *** * " , and a banner that brag , " sold out ! " . C amera continue down to street level . couple walk by , bundle up against the cold . Harry enter frame . 116 . he look different . he have a beard and have lose some weight : and in he eye , a calm we have not see before . he pause in front of the theater -- loon at the publicity photo . he sees Henry in he boxer short at the refrigerator meeting " Emily " and she sister . he see another photo of the Dancing henrys kick up they leg like rockettes . then , finally , a photo of Henry and Emily in bed , both wear glass . Harry open the door to the theater , step inside and listen , hearing Louis armstrong 's La vie en Rose , then , the audience break out in laughter . Harry smile to himself . int . apartment build corridor - early evening the elevator open . Harry step out , look around for a apartment number , find it , ring the bell and clear he throat . the door quickly open and we see marin . she look relaxed and happy to see he . marin I could not believe you be call from downstairs . ( hug he ) so great to see you . harry you could not look better . marin thank you . come on in . harry no , no , I just want to stop by and say hi and tell you I be sorry if I ever do anything to you that be not on the up and up or ... marin what do you mean ? you be great to I . harry I be ? marin always . harry that 's refresh . good . well , I do not know what you have do to yourself but you look absolutely radiant . marin I be three month pregnant , that might have something to do with it . 117 . harry , really ? who 's .. the , lucky guy ? marin my husband , hold on , he really want to meet you . ( call ) Danny ... a solid citizen of a guy join Marin , loosen tie , glass ... marin Harry langer , my husband , Danny yellin . danny ( shaking Harry 's hand ) I have hear so much about you ... harry I bet .. . danny yeah , with hthe play and all ... arry I be famous , huh ? marin just to we . in every interview my Mom do , she always say she make you up . harry so the guy in the play , he do not make it , do he ? danny he basically die at the end of the second act , but it 's very funny . ( as if that 's some consolation ) harry be hopin ' she would give I a reprieve , but ... marin yeah , well ... harry yeah . okay ... best of luck , kid ... Marin be stump by this little visit . Harry head toward the elevator , push the button , then turn back . 118. harry how be she ? marin she 's. . . ( Harry wait ) really good . up to she old trick . learn italian , remodeling she apartment in the city . harry now if I want to see she ... how would that go over ? marin ( encouragingly ) only one way to find out , except she 's out of town right now . harry oh yeah ? where be she ? marin Paris . she leave two day ago , for she birthday . but she will be back next week ... the Elevator arrive . Harry salute he goodbye and step inside the elevator . he turn , face camera . harry Paris ... another elevator.opens and a clean shaven , dapper look Harry step off , cashmere coat , gorgeous scarf . camera follows he out of the elevator and through a beautiful lobby of a HOTEL then right onto the STREET . camera do a 360 and we catch glimpsis of paris at night . camera settle on harry just as the light of the eiffel tower pop on , send a flood of golden light high into the night sky directly behind he . harry showtirne . int . left bank bistro - night erica sit alone at a table in the back of the room , drink a glass of wine . she look vibrant . she glance up from she drink and see what look like Harry make he way around the table . she lean to the side for a better look , to make sure it 's he . it be he and he 's corn right toward she . her stomach sink , she mind race ... and before she can come up with a single think that make any sense -- there he be . 119 . harry ( proud of himself ) I know you would be here . erica you do ? harry I have come a long way to see you , erica . erica you mean we be not bump into each other ..? you come here to see I ? harry yes , I do . ( she seem to shiver ) I be aware it be a bold move , one of that impulse that grab you , ' but ... so far , we be okay ; right ? erica well , uh , I mean , I be just ... harry I will take that as a ' yes ' . Harry take off he coat and scarf , hang they on a hook . erica you want a glass of wine or something ? harry I be just gonna give you a kiss hello . erica oh , okay . neither be sure where to go . cheek ? lip ? he land on she chin . . not what he want , but he take a seat across from she . she look at he - utterly speechless . harry I remember you say if we still know each other we should go to Paris for we birthdays , well , we still know each other .. " . erica that 's true , but , Harry , I have not hear from you in six month . 120 . harry I know but I have certainly be think about you . there 's a lot I have to say . first thing be ... I be not mad at you anymore . erica good , ' cause I be not mad at you anymore either . harry that 's a relief ... since I do come all the way to France and everything . and ... happy birthday . erica ( afraid of everything he could possibly say ) thank you . harry and congratulation on you amazing success ... erica it 's be quite a ride . funny , I think maybe I would hear from you when it open . where have you be ? harry after I see you in the theater that afternoon , I have another " episode ... erica oh , I be sorry . harry I be actually okay , but I be sure I be die and the doctor in the er say I need to decompress . so I do . I walk out of there and change my life , sell most of my business , pack my bag and move to a island in the Caribbean . E rica that 's where you have be all this time ? in the Caribbean ? harry actually ... no. ext . caribbean beach - flashback Harry lie on a chaise under a palm tree , drink in hand , Hawaiian shirt , shade . a steel drum play in the distance . 121. , harry ( v.o. I be there about , six hour , when it occur to I that waste away on a island in the Caribbean be not go to remotely cure what be ail I . Harry sit straight up into camera . black screen a light pop on and we realize we be in harry closet . harry ( v.o. ) so I decide to take another kind of pilgrimage ... into my past . Harry enter the closet , reach onto a top shelf , and start pull down dozen of what use be call , " Little Black book " . harry ( v.o. ) my think be -- if I retrace my step and visit all the woman I have date ... he blow dust off of the book . back in paris harry -- maybe I could figure out how I get so screw up . flashback - harry pilgrimage Harry stand at one front door after the next , each one slamming in he face . harry ( v.o. ) a lot of the woman would not see I . then , we see women of various age slap he across the face . harry ( v.o. ) or speak to I . Harry reel backwards from one hefty mama . harry ( v.o. ) but I be on a mission to save my soul . , a woman in her fifty , purposively walk down a SMALL town MAIN STREET carry grocery . 122. Harry , at she side , keep talk at she , even though she pick up she pace and ignore he . harry ( v.o. ) my lose streak finally end when I get one to open up to I . in a hospital room , a older woman on life support , scrawl out a note and show it to Harry who sit in a chair by herside . a Priest stand in the background . the note say , " as I remember it , you be wildly insensitive " . Harry lower he head in shame . she place another note in front of he . it say , " I forgive you . " relieved , he smile . then , one last note : " now , scram . " harry ( v.o. ) hear what they have to say be no picnic . in a Upper West side coffee shop , Harry pas coffee with a woman in she mid Forties . she talk he ear off . Harry can ' t deal with it . he look away ~ the woman place she hand on he chin and pull he right back to she and keep talk at he . h arry ( V .o. ) but I stick it out and I listen . then I listen harder . Harry walk down the STREET with a another woman in she thirties , who carry a cello . she never shut up . harry ( V. o . ) and one of the thing I realize be , I be actually give closure to generation of woman . at the corner , the woman hug Harry goodbye . harry ( V. o . ) although I admit , some refuse to give , no matter what I do . . . close - diane sawyer on the set of good morning america . she glance out the studio window and see Harry on the STREET among the folk hold sign . he hold a sign that say , " diane , you be right . I be entirely wrong . i`m sorry . " she look he straight in the eye and give 'him the finger . 123. harry - fully dressed - lying on he bed - top shot harry ( V. o . ) when you hear the same story about yourself over and over , you life begin to make sense and the future become you only salvation . int . paris bistro - the present harry it take I six month to find they all . I visit 18 different state but I come the furthest to see you . a hand land on he shoulder and he hear : a man' voice I do not believe it . Harry look up and see handsome young Julian in a beret . Harry look to erica , instantly deflate .. harry I either . Harry stand . the two Men hug , then Julian squeeze in next to erica . Harry slowly take he seat across from they . erica I should have tell you he be come , but I be so engross in you story . julian what story ..? harry oh , maybe another time . .. so ... ( look from erica to Julian , it all dawns on he ) I guess I should have see you play , then I would have jknown how this end . ulian yeah , big twist , huh ? so what be you do over here , man ? harry just a uh , vacation ... never be to Paris in January ... julian it 's amazing to run into you . you look wonderful . 124 . erica you do . harry have not be on a gurney in six month so that 's something ' ... julian well , I have just be to every store in the city , this woman be impossible to buy for ... but I think I finally find the right gift . he put what can only be a ring BOX on the table between erica and Harry . julian happy birthday baby . he kiss she . Harry watch , die . erica ( reach for it ) I will open it later ... Harry rise , reach for he coat . harry no , no , you know what , I will let you two celebrate ... erica Harry , stay . harry I can not really . julian why ? you have somewhere to go ? dissolve to : the waiter pouring the end of a wine bottle everyone at the table be laugh , mid-meal . Julian be do the talk as well as laugh . Harry laugh along , try to be a approve part of they romance but he 's totally fake it . three glass of brandy be serve - a little later julian -- to the force of destiny that bring we together tonight . 125 . erica light a cigarette . julian what be you do , you do not smoke ? erica I be in Paris , the second hand smoke will kill you anyway ... julian she 's very brilliant , but the woman can not hold she liquor . Julian put he arm around she , pull she close . erica I like that about I . both guy I too . the guy exchange look . erica now , if I be write this , this be where I would write , ' a awkward moment ' . harry honey , if you be write this , I would be dead . erica laugh . harry never fail to amuse she . the waiter drop the check on the table . Harry take it . julian no , Harry , please , let we ... harry no , no , I insist . I crash you party . ( to erica ) at least let I buy you dinner on you birthday ... ( squint at he watch show it to erica ) what time do that say ? erica ( squint ) I have no idea ... 126 . harry ( feel around ) wait , ' I have my . . . erica ( reach into she purse ) I too ... they each take out each other' glass and put they on . erica point to Harry wear she glass and laugh . harry you think you look so handsome in mine ? erica you know how long I have be look for that ? harry yes I do . Harry hand erica she glass . she hesitates . he snap , gesture for he to be turn over . she hand they to he . Julian watch all this , sober by they chemistry . h arry ( tucking away he glass ) once again ... closure . ( read he watch ) so it 's only 5 in the afternoon in New York . what do they do around here for fun ? int . noisy club - night camera find the three of they sit at a small table . the place be dark , loud , crowded and young . they be all drink champagne . the air be strain . both guy ( at the same time ) want to dance ? Harry gesture for Julian to have the first dance . Julian take erica 's hand and lead she to the dance floor . Harry watch they slip through the crowd . erica turn back , Harry wave . Julian take erica in he arm , it 's clear she 's comfortable in he embrace . none of .this be lose on Harry and as he watch , the smile on he face more than fade , it evaporate and everything inside he begin to hurt . angle - the dance floor erica and Julian -- they be sexy together . 127 . angle - the table Harry be go . ext . STREET - paris - night Harry , with he collar turn up against the cold , walk past the glass pyramid in front of the Louvre . ext . pont neuf - paris - moment later Harry walk over the bridge , the beauty surround he just make it all worse . he stop , look out at the seine . he hear a classic french song in the distance , then see a small barge , play the music , pass beneath he . without warning , a tear fall from he eye . harry ( laugh at himself ) at the end of the day , I be nothin ' but a sap , a stupid old sap , stand on a bridge in Paris , cry my eye out . he stop , look at the mighty city surround he . beauty 's not suppose to hurt . another tear . harry ( almost amused ) look who get to be the girl . he wipe he eye on he coat sleeve as snow begin to fall . harry ( look toward heaven ) anything else ... . erica's voice Harry ? Harry turn and see erica stand by a cab with its motor run , snow fall on she hair and coat . harry where 's Julian ? erica he go back to the hotel . harry how come ? 128. erica ( walk to he ) he say when he see I with you , he know I be still in love with you . what do you have to say about that ? harry if it 's true , my life just get make . erica why would you come here , Harry ? harry because I realize what I be feel for you , have always feel for you , be something I do not understand , like a language I do not speak ... ( she listen ... ) it scared I so I do what I do . I snuck away . turn out the heart attack be easy to get over . you be something ' else . ( she 's start to melt ) and when I go to see all that woman , I find out I be never really present for any of they . and something inside I at some point , have just ... shut off . that 's when I think my heart give out and you save I . I finally get what it 's all about . I be 63 year old and I be in love for the first time in my life . and that 's what I come here to say . erica okay , this be the best birthday ever . harry I know I be no spring chicken , I figure I only get another 30 - 40 year in I . top . but how ' bout we figure out a way to make this work . erica okay . harry okay ? okay ! I will take it . the barge drift back under the bridge , La vie en Rose piping out of it 's tinny speaker . harry honey , they be play we song . 129 . she come close and he pull she in , kissing she great . and as they separate , he smile , relieved . fade out : fade in : int . chic eatery - NYC - a hot august night the same restaurant from the first scene of the film - one Year later . Harry enter frame , just like he do before . " harry langer , party of four .. . and a half . the maitre 'd snap to attention and lead Harry , erica , Marin , hold she baby girl , and she husband Danny through the crowded restaurant . the baby fuss and reach out to Harry who take she in he arm and proudly parade she through this swanky crowd to a round table in the center of the room . Harry beam at the prize in he arm as he sit with he family for a Sunday dinner . fade out :