" some like it hot " screenplay by billy wilder and i.a.l. diamond directed by billy wilder ashton production November 12 , 1958 1041 n. formosa Hollywood , California some like it hot fade in : 1 . CITY at night . 1. a hearse of late twenties vintage be proceeding at a dignify pace along a half - desert wintry street . Inside the hearse , there be four somber man in black - and a coffin , of course , with a wreath of chrysanthemums on top . one of the man be drive , another be in the seat beside he . the other two be sit in the rear of the hearse , flanking the coffin . all four seem fully aware of the solemnity of the occasion . now they hear a siren , faint at first , but rapidly grow louder . the driver and the man next to he exchange a nervous glance . the other two man move tensely toward the rear door of the hearse , raise the black curtain over the glass panel , and peek out cautiously . through the glass panel , they see a police car bear down on they , the red light blink , the siren scream . the two man at the rear window gesture to the driver to step on it . he do . the hearse , obviously a soupe - up job , instantly pick up speed , weave crazily through traffic , the police car in hot pursuit . the hearse careen around a corner at eighty mile a hour , the police car right on its tail . by this time the policeman be lean out of they car with draw gun , fire at the hearse . the two man in the rear of the hearse , flatten against the side , pull a couple of saw - off shotgun out of a hide overhead rack . Police bullet smash the glass panel and whistle through the hearse . the driver and the man next to he duck , but the hearse continue at the same breakneck speed . the two man in back shove they gun through the shattered glass , fire at the police car . despite the hail of lead , the police car - its windshield cobwebbed with bullet hole - gain on the hearse . suddenly the car skid out of control , jump the curb , come to a screeching stop . policeman leap out , fire after the hearse . in the speed hearse , the last of the police bullet thud into the coffin . instantly three geyser of liquid spurt through the bullet hole . as the fire recede , the two man in the back put away they gun , remove the wreath from the coffin , take the lid off . the inside be jam - pack with bottle of booze , some of they shattered by the bullet . as the man start to lift out the break bottle - superimpose : chicago , 1929 dissolve to : 2 . ext . intersection of street - night . 2. traffic be light . all the shop be dark except one - a dimly light establishment , from which drift the mournful strain of a organ . a circumspect sign read : mozarella's funeral parlor 24 hour service in the window , a sample coffin be on display . there seem to be some rite go on inside , because a number of mourner , singly and in couple , be hurry from the cold , windy street into mozarella 's parlor . meanwhile , the hearse with the damp coffin draw up to the delivery entrance at the side of the building . the driver honk the horn - one long and two short - as the other man step down and start to slide the coffin out . the side door open , and a dapper go emerge . he wear a tight - fitting black suit , a black fedora , and gray spat . the spat be very important . he always wear spat . his name be spat colombo . he case the street , motion the man inside . as they carry the coffin past he , he remove he fedora , hold it reverently over he heart . then he follow the man in , he head bow . across the street and around the corner , three police car draw up silently , and about fifteen uniform policeman and plain-clothes man spill out . a Captain give whisper order , and the man scatter and discreetly take up position around the funeral parlor . out of one of the car step mulligan , a tough Federal agent - in plain clothes , of course . with he be a little weasel of a man , shiver with cold and fear . they call he toothpick charlie for two reason - because he name be Charlie , and because he have never be see without a toothpick in he mouth . mulligan ( indicate funeral parlor ) all right , Charlie - this the joint ? toothpick charlie yes , sir . mulligan and who run it ? toothpick charlie I already tell you . mulligan refresh my memory . toothpick charlie ( uneasily ) spat Colombo . mulligan that 's very refresh . now what 's the password ? toothpick charlie I come to grandma 's funeral . ( he hand he a fold piece of black crepe ) here 's you admission card . mulligan thanks , Charlie . toothpick charlie if you want a ringside table , tell them you be one of the pall bearer . mulligan okay , Charlie . the police captain join mulligan . captain we be all set . when be the kickoff ? as mulligan consult he watch , Charlie , the toothpick work nervously in he mouth , tug mulligan 's sleeve . toothpick charlie look , Chief - I better blow now , because if spat Colombo see I , it 's Goodbye Charlie . mulligan Goodbye , Charlie . Charlie scoot up the dark street , disappear . mulligan ( to the police captain ) give I five minute - then hit them with everything you get . captain you bet ! they synchronize they watch . then mulligan cross to mozarella 's parlor , unfold the black crepe Charlie give he . it be a mourn band , and he slip it over the leave sleeve of he overcoat . 3 . int . mozarella's funeral parlor - night . 3. it look legitimate enough - with pot palm , urn and funeral statuary . a harmless gray-haire man be play the organ with appropriate feel . daintily arrange a funeral spray be the proprietor himself , mr. mozarella . his heavyweight build , bashed - in nose and cauliflower ear do not quite jibe with he mourn coat , stripe pants , ascot and carnation . dusting one of the marble angel be another funeral director , in the same somber uniform . mulligan enter . mozarella ( with grave sympathy ) good evening , sir . mulligan I come to the old lady 's funeral . mozarella ( look he over ) I do not believe I have see you at any of we service before . mulligan that 's because I have be on the wagon . mozarella please ! mulligan ( look around ) where be they hold the wake ? I be suppose to be one of the pallbearer . mozarella ( to funeral director ) show the gentleman to the chapel - pew number three . funeral director this way , sir . he lead mulligan past the organ toward the black - panele wall , where there be no evidence of a door . the organist , without miss a note in he play , reach over to the end of the keyboard and pull out a stop . one of the panel slide open , and there be a blast of music from the chapel . it 's jazz - and it 's sweet georgia brown . mulligan rear back momentarily , then follow the funeral director in . the organist push the stop in again , and the panel slide shut . 4 . int . speakeasy - night . 4. grandma must have be quite a person , because she leave a lot of condol friend behind , and they be hold a very lively wake . the chapel be jump . a small band be blaring out sweet georgia brown . the musician be not the slick , well - feed instrumentalist you would find in guy lombardo 's band - they have all be through the wringer , and so have they threadbare tuxedo . on the stamp-size dance floor , six girl in abbreviate costume be do a frenetic Charleston . crowd around the small table , mourner in black arm -band be drown they sorrow in whatever they drink out of they coffee cup . mulligan ( look around ) well , if you gotta go - this be the way to do it . the funeral director lead mulligan to a table next to the bandstand . as he move off , a waiter come up . waiter what will it be , sir ? mulligan booze . waiter sorry , sir , we only serve coffee . mulligan coffee ? waiter scotch coffee , canadian coffee , sour-mash coffee ... mulligan make be scotch . a demitasse . with a little soda on the side . as the waiter start away , mulligan stop he . mulligan have not you get another pew - not so close to the band ? ( point to a better table ) how about that one ? waiter sorry , sir . that 's reserve for member of the immediate family . he wink , go off . mulligan scan the room . from a side door come spat Colombo , follow by the four hearsemen . they walk cockily toward the table ' reserve for the immediate family . ' a drunk , stand with a cup of booze in he hand , be in they way . Colombo push he aside , and the content of the cup slop over . Colombo freeze in he track , glance at he foot . the other four man have also stop , and stare in the same direction , horrify . spat Colombo 's immaculate spat be no longer immaculate . there be a whiskey stain on one of they . Colombo throw he henchmen a sharp look . they grab the offend drunk , hustle he toward the exit . drunk ( wave empty cup ) hey - I want another cup of coffee . I want another cup of coffee . Colombo proceed toward the table , seat himself , cross he leg , take a handkerchief out of he breast pocket , and meticulously mop the moist spat . his four companion , they mission accomplish , join he at the table . mulligan , who have be study Colombo , consult he wrist -watch . the waiter come up with he order - a demitasse half full of scotch , and a split of club soda . mulligan better bring the check now - in case the joint get raid . waiter who 's go to raid a funeral ? mulligan some people get no respect for the dead . the waiter move off . mulligan sip from the cup , wince , take a cigar out of he pocket and start to light it . his eye wander to the chorus girl . the girl have go into a tap -dance . the captain of the chorus look toward the bandstand , grin and wink at - - joe , the saxophone player . he wink back . jerry , who be thumping the bass -fiddle behind he , lean forward and tap Joe on the shoulder . jerry say , Joe - tonight 's the night , be not it ? joe ( eye on tap - dancer ) I will say . jerry I mean , we get pay tonight , do not we ? joe yeah . why ? he take the mouthpiece out of he saxophone , wet the reed . jerry because I lose a fill in my back tooth . I gotta go to the dentist tomorrow . joe dentist ? we be out of work for four month - and you want to blow you first week 's pay on you tooth ? jerry it 's just a little inlay - it do not even have to be gold - joe how can you be so selfish ? we owe back rent - we be in four eighty - nine buck to moe 's delicatessen - we be be sue by three chinese lawyer because we check bounce at the laundry - we have borrow money from every girl in the line - jerry you be right , Joe . joe of course I be . jerry first thing tomorrow we be go to pay everybody a little something on account . joe no we be not . jerry we be not ? joe first thing tomorrow we be go out to the dog track and put the whole bundle on grease lightn . jerry you be go to bet my money on a dog ? joe he 's a shoo - in . I get the word from Max the waiter - he brother - in - law be the electrician who wire the rabbit - jerry what be you give I with the rabbit ? joe ( pull form sheet out of pocket ) look at that odd - ten to one . if he win , we can pay everybody . jerry but suppose he lose ? joe what be you worried about ? this job be go to last a long time . jerry but suppose it do not ? joe Jerry -boy - why do you have to paint everything so black ? suppose you get hit by a truck ? suppose the stock market crash ? Jerry , slapping the bass , be no longer listen . his eye have stray to - mulligan , sit at he table , puffing on the cigar . it be not draw too well . mulligan reach under he coat , unpin he Department of justice badge from he vest . use the pin of the shine badge , he poke a hole in the wet end of the cigar . Jerry have stop play , and be watch mulligan 's operation with morbid fascination . Joe , completely unaware , continue talk . joe suppose Mary pickford divorce Douglas fairbank ? jerry ( nudging he ) hey , Joe ! joe ( pay no attention ) suppose Lake Michigan overflow ? jerry do not look now - but the whole town be under water ! he nod toward mulligan . Joe look off . then , without a word , they both start pack they instrument . mulligan pin the badge back on , check he wrist - watch . mulligan ( to himself ) ... four , three , two , one ... he glance toward - the door from the funeral parlor . right on the dot , a pair of police axe smash through the door . instant pandemonium break loose in the speakeasy . music stop , woman scream , customer , chorus girl and waiter scramble toward the side door . but they too be splintering under the assault of the police axe . the crowd fall back , milling around frantically . mulligan stand up , cup he hand to he mouth , and roar at the top of he voice . mulligan all right , everybody - this be a raid . I be a federal agent , and you be all under arrest . policeman come stream through the splinter door . carry in on the tide be the drunk who be just toss out , reeling unsteadily , and wave he empty coffee cup aloft . drunk I want another cup of coffee . the policeman start round up the customer and employee , be herding they toward the exit . on the bandstand , Joe and Jerry have pack they instrument , and start to fight they way through the milee , toward some stair lead up . mulligan , a couple of policeman in tow , come up to spat and he henchmen , sit calmly at they table , with five glass of white liquid in front of they . mulligan okay , spat - the service be over . let go . spat go where ? mulligan a little country club we run for retire bootlegger . I be gonna put you name up for membership . spat I never join nothin' . mulligan you will like it there . I will have the prison tailor fit you with a pair of special spat - stripe ! spat ( to he companion , dead - pan ) Big joke . ( to mulligan ) who 's the rap this time ? mulligan embalm people with coffee - eighty - six proof . spat I ? I be just a customer here . mulligan come on , spat - we know you own this joint . mozarella be just front for you . spat mozarella ? never hear of he . mulligan we get different information . spat from who ? toothpick Charlie , maybe ? mulligan toothpick Charlie ? never hear of he . he pick up spat ' glass , sniff it suspiciously . second henchman buttermilk ! mulligan all right - on you foot . spat ( get up slowly ) you be waste the taxpayer ' money . mulligan if you want to , you can call you lawyer . spat ( point to he four hood ) this be my lawyer - all Harvard man . mulligan and the two policeman lead spat and he Harvard man out . 5 . ext . funeral parlor - night . 5. policeman , under the supervision of the captain , be herding customer into a paddy - wagon . Fighting he way out of the wagon be we drunk , wave he coffee cup in the air . drunk I want another cup of coffee . he stagger into the alley , toward the side entrance of the speakeasy , camera moving with he . through the smashed - up side door , policeman be ushere more customer , waiter , musician and the dance girl . camera move up toward a fire escape on the second floor . Joe and Jerry , carry they instrument and overcoat , have just climb through a window onto the fire escape , and be inspect the scene below . the shot - up hearse be park directly beneath they . stealthily they climb down the ladder , drop to the roof of the hearse . then they scramble over the radiator , steal down the alley away from the street . they stop in the shadow to put on they coat . jerry well , that solve one problem . we do not have to worry about who to pay first . joe quiet - I be think . jerry of course , the landlady be go to lock we out - moe say no more knackwurst on credit - and we can not borrow any more from the girl , because they be on they way to jail - joe shut up , will you ? I wonder how much Sam the bookie will give up for we overcoat ? jerry Sam the bookie ? nothing do ! you be not put my overcoat on that dog ! joe I tell you - it 's a sure thing . jerry but we will freeze - it 's below zero - we will catch pneumonia . joe look , stupid , he 's ten to one . tomorrow , we will have twenty overcoat ! dissolve to : 6 . ext . chicago STREET - day . 6. the street be cover with snow . Joe and Jerry , without overcoat , the collar of they tuxedo turn up against the bitter cold , come down the step of the elevate , carry they instrument . the only thing that keep Jerry from freezing be that he be boil over inside . as they proceed along the sidewalk , Jerry finally can not hold it any more . jerry grease lightn ! why do I listen to you ? I ought to have my head examine ! joe I think you be not talk to I . jerry look at the bull fiddle - it 's dress warmer than I be . they come up to a building in front of which be gather several small group of shiver musician , also equip with instrument . Joe and Jerry exchange freeze wave with they colleague , start through the entrance . dissolve to : 7 . int . corridor of music build - day . 7. Joe move down the corridor , Jerry tagging along grimly beside he . other job-seek musician mill around , and a melange of musical sound and sing voice issue from the various office , studio and rehearsal hall . Joe and Jerry come up to a door mark : keynote musical agency - band , soloist , singers . Joe open the door , revealing a crummy office , with a secretary behind a desk . joe anything today ? first secretary nothing . joe thank you . Joe shut the door , and they shuffle along to the next agency , which be mark : jule stein - music corporation of america . Joe open the door . this be like the other office - except a little crummier . there be a secretary behind the desk . joe anything today ? second secretary nothing . joe thank you . he open the door to the next agency . on the door it say : sig poliakoff - band for all occasion . there be the usual secretary behind the usual desk , and she name be nellie . she be a brunette , somewhat past she prime , but still attractive . joe anything today ? nellie ( look up ) oh , it 's you ! you get a lot of nerve - joe thank you . he shut the door quickly , start to move on . nellie' voice ( from inside ) Joe - come back here ! Joe stop in he track . with a resign shrug to Jerry , he open the door again , and the two of they start in . 8 . int . poliakoff' outer office - day . 8. beside nellie , there be another secretary peck away at a typewriter . nellie 's face be grim as Joe and Jerry come up . joe now look , nellie - if it 's about last Saturday night - I can explain everything . nellie ( to Jerry ; point at Joe ) what a heel ! I spend four dollar to get my hair marcell , I buy I a new negligee , I bake he a great big pizza pie ... ( to Joe ) - and where be you ? jerry yeah - where be you ? joe with you . jerry with I ? joe do not you remember ? ( to nellie ) he have this bad tooth - it get impact - the whole jaw swole up - jerry it do ? ( Joe throw he a look ) Boy , do it ever ! joe so I have to rush he to the hospital and give he a transfusion ... ( to Jerry ) right ? jerry right . we have the same blood type ... joe - type o. nellie oh ? joe nellie baby , I will make it up to you . nellie you be make it up pretty good so far . joe the minute we get a job , I be go to take you out to the swellest restaurant - jerry how about it , nellie ? have poliakoff get anything for we ? we be desperate . nellie ( slyly ) well , it just so happen he be look for a bass and a sax - ( to the other secretary ) right ? ( she wink at she ) other secretary ( go along ) right . jerry ( all excited ) do you hear that , Joe ? joe what 's the job ? nellie it 's three week in Florida - jerry Florida ? nellie the seminole - ritz , in Miami . transportation and all expense pay ... joe be not she a bit of terrific ? ( buss nellie on the cheek ; to Jerry ) come on - let 's talk to poliakoff . they start toward the door of the inner office . nellie you better wait a minute , boy - he 's get some people in there with he . that stop they . 9 . int . poliakoff' inner office - day . 9. the room be small and cluttere , and the wall be cover with photograph of poliakoff 's client - band , vocalist , trio , radio personality . sitting behind the desk , speak urgently into the phone , be sig poliakoff , a gruff , likable man in he fifty . pace up and down on the other side of the desk be sweet sue , flashily - dress broad , who have see thirty summer and a few hard winter . as she pace , she nervously flip a large white pill from one hand to the other . slouch in a chair be bienstock , a somewhat prissy man of forty wear thick glass . he have a card file on he lap , be thumbing through it . poliakoff ( into phone ) look , gladys , it 's three week in Florida - sweet Sue and her Society syncopator - they need a couple of girl on sax and bass - what do you mean , who be this ? sig poliakoff . I get a job for you - gladys , be you there ? ( hang up ) meshugeh ! play for a hundred and twelve hour at a marathon dance , and now she 's in bed with a nervous collapse . sue tell she to move over . she have pour herself a glass of water from a pitcher on the desk , and now she plop the pill into she mouth , wash it down . bienstock ( look up from file ) what about cora Jackson ? poliakoff the last I hear , she be play with the salvation Army , yet . ( consulting list on desk ; into phone ) drexel 9044 . Sue have wander over to one of the frame photo on the wall . it show Sue pose in front of she band - sixteen girl , all blonde , all in identical gowns . on the drum it say sweet sue and her society syncopator . sue that idiot broad ! here we be all pack to go to Miami , and what happen ? the saxophone run off with a Bible salesman , and the bass fiddle get herself pregnant . ( turn to bienstock ) I ought to fire you , bienstock . bienstock I ? I be the manager of the band - not the night watchman . poliakoff ( into phone ) hello ? let I talk to bessie malone - what 's she do in Philadelphia ? -- on the level ? ( hang up ) bessie let she hair grow and be play with stokowski . sue Black bottom bessie ? poliakoff schpielt zich mit der philharmonic . bienstock how about Rosemary schultz ? poliakoff do you hear ? she slashed she wrist when valentino die ! sue we might as well all slash we wrist if we do not round up two dame by this evening . she pick up she handbag . bienstock rise , take he glass off , put they in he pocket . bienstock look , sig , you know the kind of girl we need . we do not care where you find they - just get they on that train by eight o'clock . poliakoff be nonchalant . trust poliakoff . the moment anything turn up , I will give you a little tingle . - sue bye , sig. ( feel she tummy ) I wonder if I have room for another ulcer ? bienstock open the door , and follow Sue into the outer office . Joe and Jerry , who have be bide they time outside , slip in and shut the door after they . joe hey , sig - can we talk to you ? poliakoff ( into phone ) nellie , get I long distance . ( to the boy ) what be it ? jerry it 's about the Florida job . poliakoff the Florida job ? joe nellie tell we about it . jerry we be not too late , be we ? poliakoff what be you - a couple of comedian ? get out of here ! ( into phone ) Long distance ? get I the William Morris Agency in New York . joe you need a bass and a sax , do not you ? poliakoff the instrument be right , but you be not . ( into phone ) I want to speak to Mr. Morris . jerry what 's wrong with we ? poliakoff you be the wrong shape . Goodbye . joe the wrong shape ? you look for hunchback or something ? poliakoff it 's not the back that worry I . joe what kind of band be this , anyway ? poliakoff you get to be under twenty - five - jerry we could pass for that . poliakoff - you get to be blonde - jerry we could dye we hair . poliakoff - and you get to be girl . jerry we could - joe no , we could not ! poliakoff ( into phone ) William Morris ! jerry you mean it 's a girl ' band ? joe yeah , that 's what he mean . good old nellie ! ( start toward door ) I ought to wring she neck ! poliakoff ( into phone ) yes , I be hold on . jerry wait a minute , Joe . let talk this over . ( to poliakoff ) why could not we do it ? last year , when we play in that gypsy tearoom , we wear gold earring . and you remember when you book we with that Hawaiian band ? ( pantomime ) grass skirt ! poliakoff ( to Joe ) what 's with he - he drink ? joe no . and he be not be eat so good , either . he 's get a empty stomach and it 's go to he head . jerry but , Joe - three week in Florida ! we could borrow some clothes from the girl in the chorus - joe you have flip you wig ! jerry now you be talk ! we pick up a couple of second -hand wig - a little pad here and there - call ourselves josephine and geraldine - joe josephine and geraldine ! ( disgustedly ) come on ! he drag Jerry toward the door . poliakoff look , if you boy want to pick up a little money tonight - ( they stop and turn ) at the University of Illinois they be have - you should excuse the expression - a St. Valentine 's dance . joe we will take it ! poliakoff you get it . it 's six dollar a man . be on the campus in urbana at eight o'clock - jerry ( protest ) all the way to urbana - for a one night stand ? joe it 's twelve buck . we can get one of the overcoat out of hock . poliakoff ( into phone ) hello , Mr. Morris ? this be poliakoff , in Chicago . say , you would not have a couple of girl musician available ? a sax player and a base ? jerry ( at the door ) look , if William Morris do not come through - joe come on , geraldine ! he pull he into the outer office . 10 . int . poliakoff' outer office - day . 10. Joe lead Jerry out . jerry it 's a hundred mile , Joe - it 's snow - how be we go to get there ? joe I will think of something . do not crowd I . nellie brightly ) how do it go , girl ? jerry we ought to wring you neck . joe please , Jerry - that 's no way to talk . ( turn on the charm ) nellie baby - what be you do tonight ? nellie ( suspiciously ) why ? joe because I get some plan - nellie I be not do anything . I just think I would go home and have some cold pizza - joe and you will be in all evening ? nellie ( melt by now ) yes , Joe . joe ( brightly ) good ! then you will not be need you car . nellie my car ? why , you - Joe silence she protest with a kiss . Jerry shake he head with mock admiration . jerry be not he a bit of terrific ? dissolve to : 11 . ext . clark STREET - day . 11 . Joe and Jerry , carry they instrument , be come along the snow - cover sildewalk toward a garage entrance , above which be a sign read : charlie' garage . they shoulder be hunch up against the cold . jerry we could have have three week in Florida - all expense pay . lying around in the sun - palm tree - fry fish ... joe knock it off , will you ? they step over the chain block the entrance , start into the garage . 12 . int . charlie' garage - day . 12 . there be row of park car , a lube rack and a gas pump . against the wall under a naked electric light bulb hang from a cord , five man be play stud poker . a couple of mechanic , in grease - stain coverall , be watch the game . the dealer be toothpick Charlie , the inevitable toothpick in he mouth . toothpick charlie ( deal ) King high - pair of bullet - possible straight - possible nothing - pair of eight - Joe and Jerry come in from the street . one of the mechanic notice they , nudge toothpick Charlie . Charlie look up , and see the instrument case , leap to he foot , draw a gun from he shoulder holster . the other four player also jump up , and pull they gun , level they at Joe and Jerry . toothpick charlie all right , you two - drop them . jerry ( stop ; puzzle ) Drop what ? joe we come to pick up a car . toothpick charlie oh , yeah ? he nod to one of the mechanic , who step up to Joe and Jerry , start to open the instrument case . joe nellie weinmeyer 's car . mechanic ( as the bass and sax be reveal ) musician . toothpick charlie Wise guy ! he mop he brow with the back of he sleeve , and put he gun back in the holster , pick up the deck of card again . toothpick charlie let 's go . pair of ace bet . the other player resume they seat . Joe and Jerry follow the mechanic toward the park car . joe it 's a ' 25 hupmobile coupe . green. the mechanic lead they up to the car , which be park near the gas pump . mechanic need some gas ? jerry yeah . ( take some coin out of pocket ) like about forty cent ' worth . the mechanic unscrew the cap of the gas tank , insert the rubber hose from the pump . mechanic put it on miss weinmeyer 's bill ? joe why not ? ( signal Jerry to put coin away ) and while you be at it - fill 'er up . from the street outside come the loud squeal of tire . Jerry glance off casually toward the entrance . a black dusenberg burst the chain hang across the street entrance , skid into the garage , take to a screeching stop some ten foot from the card player . toothpick Charlie and he croney leap up and reach for they gun . too late . four man have scramble out of the car , two armed with submachine gun , the other two with saw - off shotgun . we recognize they as spat Colombo 's henchmen . first henchman all right , everybody hand up and face the wall . the frighten poker player start to obey . Jerry be watch the scene , open-mouthed . Joe grab he shoulder , pull he down behind the hupmobile . the second henchman notice the mechanic stand petrify beside the gas pump . second henchman ( wave machine gun ) hey - join we ! the mechanic raise he hand , move reluctantly toward the six man line up against the wall . second henchman ( continue ) okay , boss . a pair of men' foot step down from the limousine . they be encase in immaculate spat . Jerry , crouching behind the hupmobile with Joe , grab he arm . jerry ( whisper ) it 's spat Colombo - Joe clamp he hand over Jerry 's mouth . spat Colombo join he armed henchmen , who be cover the seven man face the wall with they hand up . spat ( very blase ) hello , Charlie . Long time no see . toothpick charlie ( glance over he shoulder nervously ) what be it , spat ? what do you want here ? spat just drop in to pay my respects . toothpick charlie you do not owe I no nothing . spat oh , I would not say that . you be nice enough to recommend my mortuary to some of you friend ... he have stroll over to the table , and pick up the deck of card , start to deal out another round to the abandon poker hand . toothpick charlie ( sweat ) I do not know what you be talk about . spat so now I get all that coffin on my hand - and I hate to see they go to waste . toothpick charlie honest , spat . I have nothing to do with it . spat deal toothpick Charlie 's fifth card , then turn up the hole card . spat too bad , Charlie . you would have have three eight . ( flip card away ) Goodbye , Charlie ! toothpick charlie ( know what 's come ) no , spat - no , no , no - ( a scream ) no ! spat nod , and the two machine - gunner raise they weapon , start to fire methodically at they off- scene victim . behind the hupmobile , Jerry screw he eye shut painfully as the steady chatter of bullet continue . jerry I think I be go to be sick . the machine gun stop fire . there be a moment 's silence . suddenly , the bas tank of the hupmobile overflow , and the rubber hose from the pump whip out , gush gasoline over the floor . spat and he henchmen , hearing the SOUND , whirl around and catch sight of Joe and Jerry squatting behind the car . spat all right - come on out of there . Joe and Jerry emerge quakingly from behind the hupmobile . they try to raise they hand , but find this rather difficult to manage while hold on to they instrument . Jerry dart a horrify glance toward the foot of the wall . joe ( quickly ) we do not see anything - ( to Jerry ) - do we ? jerry ( to spat ) no - nothing . besides , it 's none of we business if you guy want to knock each other off - Joe nudge he violently with he elbow , and he break off . spat ( study they ) do not I know you two from somewhere ? joe we be just a couple of musician - we come to pick up a car - nellie weinmeyer 's car - there 's a dance tonight - ( start to edge away ) come on , Jerry . spat wait a minute . where do you think you be go ? joe to urbana . it 's a hundred mile . spat you be not go nowhere . jerry ( quavering ) we be not ? spat the only way you will get to urbana be foot first . during this , one of the body huddle grotesquely against the foot of the wall begin to stir . it be toothpick Charlie . he be cover with blood , but there be still a spark of life in he , and he toothpick be still clutch between he tooth . painfully , he start to worm he way across the floor toward a phone on a wooden shelf . spat and he gang , face Joe and Jerry , be not aware of Charlie 's activity . spat I do not like no witness . joe we will not breathe a word . spat you will not breathe nothing ' - not even air . he motion lazily to the second henchman . the henchman slowly level he machine gun at Joe and Jerry , who stand freeze . at that very moment , toothpick Charlie reach up for the phone . but he be too weak to hold on , and the receiver drop from he limp hand , and clatter to the asphalt floor . instantly , spat and he henchman wheel around . spat grab the machine gun from the second henchman , and perforate what be leave of Charlie with a hail of lead . toothpick Charlie crumble in a heap . he be quite dead . spat ' be-spatted foot come into shot , disdainfully kick the toothpick out of Charlie 's mouth . Joe and Jerry have take advantage of this momentary diversion . like scald jackass , they be sprinting toward the entrance , hang on to they instrument . spat and he boy pivot , see the two run . they let go with a salvo of shot , just as Joe and Jerry scoot through the garage door and disappear down the street . a couple of henchmen start after they . there be the SOUND of a approach police siren . spat come on - let 's blow . we will take care of that guy later . they all pile into the black dussenberg . the driver shift into reverse and the car shoot backwards out of the garage . 13 . ext . alley - day . 13. Joe and Jerry come skid around the corner from Clark Street , race down the snow - cover alley . in b.g. there be the SOUND of squealing tire and police siren . jerry ( as they run ) I think they get I . joe they get the bull - fiddle . jerry ( feel himself all over ) you do not see any blood ? joe not yet . but if that guy catch we , there will be blood all over . type o. they start run even faster . jerry where be we run , Joe ? joe as far away as possible . jerry that 's not far enough . you do not know that guy ! but they know we . every hood in Chicago will be look for we - they reach the end of the alley . a couple of motorcycle policeman , they siren wail , flash by in the direction of the garage . the word must have spread , because pedestrian be also run in the same direction . Joe stop , look around quickly , and see a cigar store on the corner drag Jerry inside . 14 . int . cigar store - day . 14 . Joe hurry to a wall telephone near the entrance . Jerry follow breathlessly . joe get a nickel ? he set the saxophone case down , and take a coin from Jerry , insert it in the slot . jerry you go to call the police ? joe the police ? we would never live to testify . not against spat colombo. ( into phone ) wabash 1098 . jerry we get to get out of town . maybe we ought to grow beard . joe we be go out of town . but we be go to shave . jerry shave ? at a time like this ? that guy get machine gun - they be go to blast we head off - and you want to shave ? joe shave we leg , stupid . stupid be right . Jerry still do not get it . joe ( into phone ; he voice a tremulous soprano ) hello ? Mr. poliakoff ? I understand you be look for a couple of girl musician . now Jerry get it . dissolve to : 15 . ext . chicago railroad platform - night . 15 . two pair of high - heele shoe , unusually large in size , be hurry along the platform . camera follows they and pan up gradually , revealing rather hefty leg in roll stocking , short dress , coat with cheap fur piece , and rakish cloche hat . one of the pair carry a saxophone case , the other a bull - fiddle case , and each have a gladstone bag . a train , with steam up , be load for departure . redcaps , passenger , baggage cart . announcer's voice Florida Limited leave on track Seven for Washington , Charleston , Savannah , jacksonville and Miami . all aboard . all aboard . we two passenger accelerate they pace . but evidently they be not too adept at navigate in high heel . suddenly the one with the bull - fiddle twist she ankle - or we should say he ankle - because it 's Jerry . he stop and face he girl - friend - Joe . jerry ( rub he ankle ) how can they walk on this thing ? how do they keep they balance ? joe must be the way they weight be distribute . come on . as they proceed along the platform , a gust of wind send they skirt billow . Jerry stop again and pull he skirt down . jerry and it 's so drafty . they must be catch cold all the time . joe ( urging he on ) quit stalling . we will miss the train . jerry I feel so naked . like everybody 's look at I . joe with that leg ? be you crazy ? they be now approach the pullman car reserve for the girl ' orchestra . girl musician , with instrument and luggage , be board the car , supervise by sweet Sue and bienstock . jerry ( stop in he track ) it 's no use . we will never get away with it , Joe . joe the name be josephine . and it be you idea in the first place . just then , a member of the girl ' band come hurry past they , carry a valise and ukulele case . her name be sugar . what can we say about sugar , except that she be the dream girl of every red-blooded american male who ever read College humor ? as she undulate past they , Jerry look after she with dismay . jerry who be we kid ? look at that - look how she move - it 's like jello on spring - they must have some sort of a build - in motor . I tell you it 's a whole different sex . joe what be you afraid of ? nobody 's ask you to have a baby . this be just to get out of town . the minute we hit Florida , we will blow this set-up . jerry this time I be not go to let you talk I into something that ... a newsboy approach along the platform , peddle he papers . newsboy extra ! extra ! Seven slaughter in North side garage ! fear blood aftermath ! jerry ( to Joe , promptly ) you talk I into it ! come on , josephine . joe attagirl , geraldine . they hurry toward the pullman car , imitate the jello - on - spring movement as well as they can . at the pullman car , Sue and bienstock be check in the girl musician as they be board . sue hi , Mary Lou - rosella - okay , dolore , get a move on - how 's you back , olga ? bienstock ( check list ) clarinet - drum - trumpet - trombone - Joe and Jerry come mincing up . ( note : from here on in , the two will speak with girl ' voice whenever the situation call for it . ) joe well , here we be . sue you two from the poliakoff Agency ? joe yes , we be the new girl . jerry brand new . sue this be we manager , Mr. bienstock . I be sweet Sue . joe my name be josephine . jerry and I be daphne . this be completely out of leave field . Joe throw he a sharp look . Jerry smile back brightly . bienstock ( check list ) saxophone , bass - be I glad to see you girl . you save we life . joe likewise , I be sure . sue where do you girl play before ? jerry oh - here and there - and around . joe we spend three year at the sheboygan conservatory of Music . from off come the voice of the conductor : " all aboard ! " bienstock you be in berth 7 and 7a . jerry ( he idea of a lady ) thank you ever so . bienstock you be welcome . jerry it 's entirely mutual . Joe have already board the car . as Jerry start up the step , he stumble . bienstock help he up , with a little pat on the behind . bienstock upsy-daisy . jerry ( coyly ) Fresh ! Joe jerk he up into the vestibule before this nonsense get out of hand . bienstock ( take off glass , put they in pocket ) look like poliakoff come through with a couple of real lady . joe you better tell the other girl to watch they language . she and bienstock mount the step of the pullman . the porter pick up the yellow footstep , hop aboard as the train start move . 16 . int . pullman car - night . 16 . as Joe and Jerry come in from the vestibule , Joe grab Jerry , hold he against the baggage rack . joe ( a angry whisper ) daphne ? jerry I never do like the name geraldine . as Sue and bienstock appear from the vestibule , Joe let go of Jerry , and they move down the aisle into the pullman car proper . the girl musician be all there , except for sugar . they be remove they coat , settling themselves in they seat , put away they instrument and baggage . they be all blonde , they be young , and most of they be pretty . they look like a band of angel - but do not you believe it . jerry ( the good neighbor ) hello , everybody . I be the bass fiddle . just call I daphne . joe I be josephine . sax . there be a slew of general hellos . mary lou welcome to no man 's land . girl ( in chorus ) you will be sor-ry ! rosella take you corset off and spread out . jerry oh , I never wear one . olga do not you bulge ? jerry oh , no . I have the most divine little seamstress that come in once a month - and my dear , she 's so inexpensive - joe come on , daphne . dolore say , kid , have you hear the one about the girl tuba player that be strand on a desert island with a one - legge jockey ? jerry no --- how do it go ? bienstock ( come up ) now cut that out , girl - none of that rough talk . ( as Joe and Jerry move off ) they go to a conservatory . there be a general horse - laugh from the girl . Joe and Jerry have now reach they seat , and be take off they coat . jerry ( in a delighted whisper ) how about that talent ? this be like fall into a tub of butter . joe watch it , daphne ! jerry when I be a kid , I use to have a dream - I be lock up in this pastry shop overnight - with all kind of goody around - jelly roll and mocha eclair and sponge cake and Boston cream pie and cherry tart - joe listen , stupe - no butter and no pastry . we be on a diet ! Jerry start to hang he coat across a cord run above the window . joe ( grab he ) not there - that 's the emergency brake . jerry ( clutching bosom ) now you have do it ! joe done what ? jerry tore off one of my chest . joe you would better go fix it . jerry you better come help I . Jerry lead the way toward the rest room , which be just beyond they seat . instinctively he head for the one mark men . Joe grab he , steer he back toward the one mark women . joe this way , daphne . jerry ( clasp he chest desperately ) now you tore the other one . Joe open the curtain , propel he inside . 17 . int . women' lounge . 17 . there be another customer there - sugar . she have one leg up on the leather settee , she skirt be slightly raise , and she be about to remove a small silver flask tuck under she garter . as Jerry and Joe come in , she guiltily pull she skirt down . sugar oh ! jerry ( arm fold across chest ) terribly sorry . sugar ( relieved ) that 's all right . I be afraid it be sweet Sue . you will not tell anybody , will you ? joe tell what ? sugar ( take the flask out and unscrew the cap ) if they catch I once more , they will boot I out of the band . ( pour a drink into a paper cup ) you the replacement for the bass and the sax ? jerry that 's we . I be daphne - and this be josephine . sugar I be sugar cane . joe I change it . it use to be sugar kowalczyk . jerry Polish ? sugar yes . I come from a very musical family . my mother be a piano teacher and my father be a conductor . joe where do he conduct ? sugar on the Baltimore and Ohio . joe oh . sugar I play the ukulele . and I sing too . jerry ( to Jerry ) she sing , too . sugar I do not really have much of a voice - but then it 's not much of a band , either . I be only with them because I be run away . joe running away ? from what ? sugar do not get I start on that . ( extend flask ) want a drink ? it 's bourbon . as Jerry reach for it , he bosom start to slip again , and he quickly refold he arm . jerry we will take a rain check . sugar ( downs cupful of bourbon ) I do not want you to think that I be a drinker . I can stop any time I want to - only I do not want to . especially when I be blue . joe we understand . sugar all the girl drink - but I be the one that get catch . that 's the story of my life . I always get the fuzzy end of the lollipop . she have screw the cap back on the flask , and now slip it under she garter . sugar be my seam straight ? jerry ( examine she leg ) I will say . sugar see you around , girl . she wave and exit into the pullman car . jerry bye , sugar. ( to Joe ) we be play with the wrong band . joe down , daphne ! jerry how about the shape of that liquor cabinet ? Joe spin he around , and unbuttone the back of he dress , start to fix the slip brassiere . joe forget it . one false move , and they will toss we off the train - there will be the police , and the papers , and the mob in Chicago ... jerry ( not listen ) Boy , would I like to borrow a cup of that sugar . joe ( whirling he around , grab the front of he dress ) look - no butter , no pastry , and no sugar ! jerry ( look down at he chest , pathetically ) you tore it again ! dissolve : 18 . ext . locomotive wheel - night . 18. the wheel be pound along the track , accompany by a spirite rendition of running wild . 19 . int . pullman car - night . 19 . at one end of the car , sweet Sue and she Society syncopator be beat out running wild . it be a special rehearsal to break in the two new girl , josephine and daphne . the other girl , include sugar on the ukulele , be really swinging . but Joe and Jerry be play in a dainty ultra-refine manner , so as not to give themselves away . Sue , who be conduct from the aisle , rap she baton against a seat . the girl stop play . sue ( to Joe and Jerry ) hey , sheboygan - you two - what be you last job - play square dance ? joe no - funeral . sue would you mind rejoining the live ? Goose it up a little . jerry we will try . Sue be about to give the downbeat , when she eye fall on Jerry 's bass fiddle . there be a neat row of bullet hole across the face of the instrument . sue how do that hole get there ? jerry ( look down ) oh - that . I do not know . ( tentatively ) mice ? joe ( quickly ) we get it second-hand . sue all right - let take it from the top . and put a little heat under it , will you ? she bring the baton down , and the girl start play again . this time Joe and Jerry give it both knee - Joe go for a wild ride on the sax , and Jerry slapping and twirling the bass like a girl possess . Sue cock she eyebrow , amaze by the hepness of the two conservatory cat . now it be time for sugar 's solo . she step forward with the ukulele , and start to sing a hot chorus of running wild . holding on to the bull - fiddle , Jerry lean forward to get a better view of sugar 's backfield in motion . as sugar shimmy through the number , the hide flask slip out from under she garter , and fall to the floor with a clank . she freeze . Sue rap she baton furiously against the seat , stop the music . sue bienstock ! bienstock , with he glass on , be sit father back in the car read variety . he leap up . bienstock yes , Sue ? what be it ? sue ( point at flask ) I think I make it clear I do not want any drink in this outfit . bienstock ( pick up flask ) all right , girl . who do this belong to ? ( no answer ) come on , now . speak up . ( still no answer ; he eye fall on sugar , who stand there freeze ) sugar , I warn you ! sugar please , Mr. bienstock - bienstock this be the last straw . in Kansas City you be smuggle liquor in a shampoo bottle . before that I catch you with a pint in you ukulele - Jerry have squeeze himself between the girl , and step forward . jerry pardon I , Mr. bienstock - can I have my flask back ? bienstock ( automatically ) sure. ( hand it to he , turn back to sugar ) pack you thing , and the next station we come to - ( he do a take , turn to Jerry ) you flask ? jerry uh-huh . just a little bourbon . he start to slip it down the neck of he dress . bienstock give I that ! he grab the flask . sugar be look at Jerry gratefully . Joe glare at Jerry , ready to hit he with the saxophone . sue ( to Joe and Jerry ; dryly ) do not you girl say you go to a conservatory ? jerry yes . for a whole year . sue I think you say three year . joe ( lightly ) we get time off for good behavior . sue there be two thing I will not put up with during work hour . one be liquor - and the other one be man . jerry ( a blink angel ) Men ? joe oh , you do not have to worry about that . jerry we would be catch dead with man . that rough , hairy beast with eight hand - ( look at bienstock ) they all want just one thing from a girl . bienstock ( draw himself up ) I beg you pardon . sue ( rapping baton ) all right , girl - from the top again . once more the Society syncopator wade into running wild . sugar , strumm the ukulele , smile warmly at daphne , a true blue pal ; daphne smile back , he mouth water a little , like a kid in a pastry shop . dissolve : 20 . ext . locomotive wheel - night . 20 . the wheel be still pound away - but there 's no more music . 21 . int . pullman car - night . 21 . the berth be make up , and the girl be get ready for bed . Joe , in pajamas , be stand in the aisle beside lower 7 , drape he dress neatly on a hanger . Jerry , in a nightgown , be lie in Upper 7 with the curtain open , watch the broad go by . Girls in negligee , in pajamas , in nightgown , be scurrying with they wash - kit in and out of the lady ' room , climb into lower and upper . jerry ( the young sultan ) good night , Mary Lou - dolore dear , sleep tight - nighty -night , Emily . emily ( climb into a upper ) toodle-oo. jerry ( to Joe ) how about that toodle - oo ? joe steady , boy . just keep tell yourself you be a girl . jerry ( to himself ) I be a girl . I be a girl . I be a girl - rosella and olga come bounce past from the lady ' room . jerry ( to Joe ) get a load of that rhythm section . ( a glare from Joe ) I be a girl . I be a girl . I be a girl . his eye stray down the aisle . in Upper 2 , sugar be get ready for bed . all Jerry can see be she leg dangle out of the berth , as she remove she stocking . but that 's all the identification Jerry need . jerry ( call down the aisle ) good night , sugar . sugar ( stick she head out ) good night , honey . jerry ( to Joe ; enrapture ) honey - she call I honey . without a word , Joe take the ladder lean against Jerry 's berth , slide it under the lower . jerry what be you do ? joe I just want to make sure that honey stay in the hive . there will be no buzzing around tonight . jerry but suppose I get to go - like for a drink of water ? joe fight it . jerry but suppose I lose ? suppose it 's a emergency ? joe ( point to cord run across the back of Jerry 's berth ) then pull the emergency brake ! sitting on the edge of lower 1 , ready for bed , be Sue . she be look off intently toward Joe and Jerry , flipping a stomach pill in one hand and hold a paper cup of water in the other . she turn to bienstock , who be across the aisle in lower 2 , just buttone he pajama top . sue you know , bienstock , there 's something funny about that two new girl . bienstock funny ? in what way ? sue I do not know - but I can feel it right here . ( pat tummy ) that 's one good thing about ulcer - it 's like a burglar alarm go off inside you . she swallow the pill , wash it down with water . bienstock all right , Sue . you watch you ulcer - I will watch that two . ( rise , clap he hand ) okay . everybody settle down and go to bed . good night , girl . the last few girl climb into they birth , light be be extinguish , curtain be be close . Joe , stand outside berth 7 , start to close the curtain of Jerry 's berth . joe good night , daphne . jerry ( wretchedly ) good night , josephine . Joe close the curtain . Jerry , in the upper , extinguish the light . he settles himself back on the pillow , close he eye . jerry ( mutter to himself ) I be a girl - I be a girl - I wish I be dead - I be a girl - I be a girl - 22 . ext . locomotive wheel - night . 22. the wheel be pound along the track in the rhythm of Jerry 's ' I be a girl , I be a girl . ' dissolve : 23 . int . pullman car - night . 23. there be just a few dim light illuminate the aisle . everybody seem to be asleep , all be quiet - except for bienstock 's steady snore in lower 2 . after a moment , the curtain of Upper 2 open , and sugar peek out cautiously . she be wear a negligee over she nightie . see that all be clear , she slip quietly down the ladder , and tiptoe down the aisle . she arrive at berth 7 , and find no ladder there , take one from across the aisle , lean it against Jerry 's berth , and climb up . Jerry be asleep in Upper 7 , as the curtain part and sugar lean in . sugar ( a whisper ) daphne ... she tap he shoulder . Jerry sit bolt upright , hit he head against the top of the berth . jerry oh - sugar ! sugar I want to thank you for cover for I . you be a real pal . jerry it 's nothing . I just think we girl should stick together . sugar if it have not be for you , they would have kick I off the train . I would be out there in the middle of nowhere , sit on my ukulele . jerry it must be freezing outside . when I think of you - and you poor ukulele - sugar if there 's anything I can do for you - jerry oh , I can think of a million thing - sugar , look off , see something in the aisle , quickly climb into the berth beside Jerry . jerry and that 's one of they . sugar ( finger to she lip ) sssh . sweet Sue . she peer through the slit in the curtain . Sue , in a wrapper , be pad sleepily down the aisle toward the lady ' room . back in Upper 7 , sugar turn conspiratorially to Jerry . sugar I do not want she to know we be in cahoot . jerry we will not tell anybody - not even josephine . sugar I would better stay here till she go back to sleep . jerry stay as long as you would like . sugar ( put she leg under the cover ) I be not crowd you , be I ? jerry no . it 's nice and cozy . sugar when I be a little girl , on cold night like this , I use to crawl into bed with my sister . we would cuddle up under the cover , and pretend we be lose in a dark cave , and be try to find out way out . jerry ( mop he brow ) interesting . sugar anything wrong ? jerry no , no . sugar ( put a hand on he shoulder ) why you poor thing - you be tremble all over . jerry that 's ridiculous . sugar and you head be hot . jerry that 's ridiculous . sugar ( she foot touch he under the cover ) and you have get cold foot . jerry ( a want smile ) be not that ridiculous ? sugar let I warm they a little . ( rub she foot against he ) there - be not that better ? Jerry have turn he head away , and be now mumble to himself . jerry I be a girl , I be a girl , I be a girl - sugar what do you say ? jerry I be a very sick girl . sugar ( sit up ) maybe I would better go before I catch something . jerry ( hold she by the arm ) I be not that sick . sugar I have a very low resistance . jerry look , sugar , if you feel you be come down with something , the best thing be a shot of whiskey . sugar you get some ? jerry I know where to get some . ( sit up ) do not move . he climb across she , and open the curtain , lean all the way over the edge of the upper berth and down toward the berth below . in lower 7 , Joe be asleep , face the window . the curtain part , and Jerry , dangle upside down , reach toward the suitcase at the foot of the berth . he raise the lid of the suitcase , rummages around till he find a bottle of bourbon . as he take it out , Joe stir . Jerry freeze , raise the bottle up , ready to conk Joe if he wake up . Joe turn over , settles back to sleep , and Jerry swing he body through the curtain . Jerry , the bottle clutch in he hand , be hang upside down , while sugar in the upper berth hold on to he leg . as Jerry try to raise himself back up , he slip out of sugar 's grasp , and sprawl in the aisle . he lie absolutely still , afraid that Joe may have hear he . sugar ( a solicitous whisper ) you all right ? jerry ( get up ) I be fine . sugar how 's the bottle ? jerry half-full . as he hand it up to she , the curtain of Upper 4 part , and dolore , who have be awaken by the fall , peek out . sugar ( to Jerry ) you better get some cup . Jerry pad over to the water fountain beside the rest room . he punch out a couple of paper cup from a dispense , flit back to berth 7 , and scurries up the ladder . dolore watch all this with great interest . back in Upper 7 , sugar have already open the bottle . jerry ( hand she the paper cup ) I tell you - this be the only way to travel . sugar ( pour ) you better put on the light . I can not see what I be do . jerry no - no light . we do not want anyone to know we be have a party . sugar I may spill something . jerry ( shifting into high ) so spill it . spill , thrill , laugh , game - this may even turn out to be a surprise party . sugar what 's the surprise ? jerry ( coyly ) uh-uh . not yet . sugar when ? jerry we better have a drink first . sugar ( hand he cup ) here . this will put hair on you chest . jerry no fair guess . they drink . the curtain open and dolore , stand on the ladder outside , stick she head in . dolore this a private clambake , or can anybody join ? jerry ( turn , startle ) it 's private . go away . sugar say , dolore - you still get that bottle of vermouth ? dolore sure . jerry who need vermouth ? sugar ( to dolore ) we have some bourbon - let make manhattan . dolore okay . ( start down the ladder ) jerry manhattan ? this time of night ? sugar ( call after dolore ) and bring the cocktail shaker . jerry ( disgustedly ) oh , sugar . you be go to spoil my surprise . dolore have cross the aisle , and get a foot up on lower 4 , reach up into she berth for the vermouth . the curtain of lower 4 open , and Mary Lou stick she head out . mary lou what 's up ? dolore Party in Upper 7. mary lou I get some cheese and cracker . dolore and get a corkscrew . Mary Lou get out of she berth , step across to lower 3 , wake up rosella . mary lou Party in Upper 7 . get a corkscrew ? rosella ( wide awake ) no. but stella have . mary lou get some cup . rosella hurry toward the water fountain , while Mary Lou get stella and the corkscrew out of bed . rapidly , the whole pullman car spring into action . as silent as mouse , the girl slip out of they berth , armed with various provision . they nighty billow they scuttle down the aisle and up the ladder into Upper 7 . in Upper 7 , the party be building rapidly , as the mouse pile in with they contribution . girl here 's the vermouth . I bring some cracker and cheese . will ten cup be enough ? can you use a bottle of Southern Comfort ? Jerry be try vainly to stem the invasion of gatecrasher . jerry please , girl - this be a private party - a party for two - go away , no more room - ssh , the neighbor downstairs - you will wake up josephine - please , no cracker in bed - go someplace else , form you own party - be careful with that corkscrew ! sugar - where be you , sugar ? sugar be greeting olga , who have climb into the berth clutching a hot water bottle . olga here 's the cocktail shaker . sugar start measure bourbon and vermouth into it . girl easy on the vermouth . if we only have some ice - pass the peanut butter . anybody for salami ? jerry ( desperately ) thirteen girl in a berth - that 's bad luck ! twelve of you will have to get out ! ... please , girl , no more food ! I will have ant in the morning ! in lower 7 , Joe be stir restlessly , while subdued noise float down from the party upstairs . the curtain part and Emily stick she head in and shake Joe . emily hey - you get any maraschino cherries on you ? joe ( half asleep ) huh ? emily never mind . she disappear . Joe start to close he eye , then sit up with a jolt . joe maraschino cherries ? slowly he become aware of the sound of revelry up above . his eye wide as he see a girl 's bare leg through the curtain . the girl step on the edge of he berth , hoist herself into the upper . Joe throw open the curtain , see several other pair of girl ' leg dangle down from the upper , and still more leg climb up the ladder . frantically , Joe jump out of he birth . he be confront by a sight which knock into a cocked hat the principle that two body can not occupy the same space at the same time . in a triumph of engineering , fourteen girl have squeeze themselves into Upper 7 - or to be exact , thirteen girl and daphne - not to mention the bourbon , the vermouth , the Southern Comfort , the paper cup , the corkscrew , the hot water bottle , the cracker and cheese , and the salami . there be a seethe tangle of arm and leg and blonde head - like a snake pit at feed time . joe what 's go on here ? ( try to find a needle in the haystack ) daphne - daphne - jerry ( stick he head out ) it 's not my fault . I do not invite they . joe ( plead ) break it up , girl ! daphne ! come on , help I ! he start to tug at odd arm and leg . Jerry pull himself back into the berth . jerry all right , girl . you hear josephine . everybody out . sugar start to back out of the berth . jerry not you , sugar . sugar I be just go to get some ice . Joe have slip on he robe as sugar come back out of the berth and down the ladder . joe out , out ! that 's right , sugar . now the rest of you . as sugar head for the water fountain , Joe start to pull the other girl out . girl aw , do not be a flat tire . have a Manhattan . come on in . there 's lot of room in the back . joe ssh. pipe down . we will all be fire . Jerry stick he head out , look after sugar . jerry ( plaintively ) sugar - do not you leave I here alone , sugar . sugar have pried open the panel under the water fountain , and reach inside , drag out a huge cake of ice . not quite know what to do with it , she thrust it into Joe 's hand , and turn quickly to the pile of instrument stashed between some empty seat . joe ( unaware of the cake of ice in he hand ) come on , kid . give up , will you ? the party 's over . everybody go home . ( suddenly notice the ice ) what 's this ? by this time , sugar have unscrewe a cymbal from the drum , and be hold the drummer 's metal brush . sugar ( beckone to Joe ) josephine , over here . before it melt . she head for the woman 's lounge . Joe look at she , look at the ice , and not know what else to do with it , follow she through the curtain . 24 . int . women' lounge - night . 24 . sugar come in , follow by josephine with the cake of ice . sugar ( point to sink washbowl ) put it here . joe ( drop the ice in the bowl ) sugar , you be go to get yourself into a lot of trouble . sugar better keep a lookout . Joe cross to the curtain , peer out . sugar , use the handle of the metal brush , start to chop ice into the upturn cymbal . joe if bienstock catch you again - what 's the matter with you , anyway ? sugar I be not very bright , I guess . joe I would not say that . careless , maybe . sugar no , just dumb . if I have any brain , I would not be on this crummy train with this crummy girl ' band . joe then why do you take this job ? sugar I use to sing with male band . but I can not afford it any more . joe afford it ? sugar have you ever be with a male band ? joe I ? sugar that 's what I be run away from . I work with six different one in the last two year . oh , brother ! joe Rough ? sugar I will say . joe you can not trust that guy . sugar I can not trust myself . the moment I would start with a new band - bingo ! joe bingo ? sugar you see , I have this thing about saxophone player . joe ( abandon he lookout post ) really ? sugar especially tenor sax . I do not know what it be , but they just curdle I . all they have to do be play eight bar of " come to I my melancholy baby " - and my spine turn to custard , and I get goose - pimply all over - and I come to they . joe that so ? sugar ( hit she head ) every time ! joe ( nonchalantly ) you know - I play tenor sax . sugar but you be a girl , thank goodness . joe ( he throat drying up ) yeah . sugar that 's why I join this band . Safety first . anything to get away from that bum . joe ( drier yet ) yeah . sugar ( hack the ice viciously ) you do not know what they be like . you fall for they and you love them - you think it 's go to be the biggest thing since the graf Zeppelin - and the next thing you know they be borrow money from you and spend it on other dame and betting on the horse - joe you do not say ? sugar then one morning you wake up and the saxophone be go and the guy be go , and all that 's leave behind be a pair of old sock and a tube of toothpaste , all squeeze out . joe Men ! sugar so you pull yourself together and you go on to the next job , and the next saxophone player , and it 's the same thing all over again . see what I mean ? - not very bright . joe ( look she over ) brain be not everything . sugar I can tell you one thing - it 's not go to happen to I again . ever . I be tired of get the fuzzy end of the lollipop . olga burst in through the curtain . olga Ice ! what 's keep the ice ? the native be get restless . Joe hand she the cymbal pile with ice . joe how about a couple of drink for we ? olga sure . she scoot out . Joe and sugar be alone again . sugar you know I be go to be twenty - five in June ? joe you be ? sugar that 's a quarter of a century . make a girl think . joe about what ? sugar about the future . you know - like a husband ? that 's why I be glad we be go to Florida . joe what 's in Florida ? sugar millionaire . flock of they . they all go south for the winter . like bird . joe go to catch yourself a rich bird ? sugar oh , I do not care how rich he be - as long as he have a yacht and he own private railroad car and he own toothpaste . joe you be entitle . sugar maybe you will meet one too , josephine . joe yeah . with money like rockefeller , and shoulder like johnny weismuller - sugar I want mine to wear glass . joe glass ? sugar Men who wear glass be so much more gentle and sweet and helpless . have not you ever notice ? joe well , now that you have mention it - sugar they get that weak eye from read - you know , all that long column of tiny figure in the Wall Street Journal . olga be back again , carry two manhattan in paper cup on the cymbal . she hand they the drink , start to refill the cymbal with ice . olga that bass fiddle - wow ! she sure know how to throw a party ! she dash out . Joe look after she , worriedly . sugar ( raise cup ) happy day . joe ( lift he cup ) I hope this time you wind up with the sweet end of the lollipop . they drink . Joe study she like a cat study a canary . 25 . int . pullman car - night . 25 . olga be climb up on the ladder to Upper 7 with the new supply of ice in the cymbal . the party be now really wing . amidst the hushed hilarity , the hot water bottle be be pass around , paper cup and cracker be fly , some of the girl be smoking . despite the absence of sugar , Jerry be enjoy himself hugely . dolore have the floor - finish the joke that bienstock interrupt earlier . dolore - so the one - legge jockey say - ( she break up in helpless laughter ) jerry ( eagerly ) what do he say ? dolore the one -legge jockey say - ' do not worry about I , baby . I ride side -saddle . ' to Jerry , this be excrutiatingly comical . he put he hand over he mouth , try to smother he wild laughter , start to hiccup . jerry ( Lady daphne again ) I beg you pardon . another hiccup . and another . rosella put some ice on she neck ! she take a hunk of ice out of the cymbal , rub it against the back of Jerry 's neck . Jerry leap up with a squeal , and the ice slide down into he nightgown . he squirm and wiggle , cry and laugh and hiccupe . jerry oooh ! aaah ! it 's cold ! Owwww ! the girl try to fish the ice from inside he nightie , and suddenly Jerry get a new shock , worse than the ice . his hiccup stop , he eye widen in panic . his bosom have tear lose from they mooring again . he fold he arm over he suddenly flat chest , to ward off exposure . jerry ( continue ) cut it out , girl . stop it . Joe - josephine - help ! dolore hey , she 's ticklish ! with that , all the girl pounce on Jerry , start to tickle he . Jerry flop around like a fish , scream and laugh and cry . in despair , he eye fall on the emergency cord . he make a grab for the cord , pull it . 26 . ext . locomotive wheel - night . 26 . the pound wheel suddenly lock , and come to a jolting stop . 27 . int . pullman car - night . 27 . the abrupt stop send everybody in Upper 7 tumble out into the aisle . 28 . int . women' lounge - night . 28 . sugar , throw off balance , grab on to Joe . sugar what 's happen ? joe search I . ( quickly ) I mean - I will see . he stick he head out through the curtain . 29 . int . pullman car - night . 29 . the girl heape in the aisle be extricate themselves and scurrying back as fast as they can into they berth . Jerry scramble up the ladder into Upper 7 , pull the curtain , just as the curtain of lower 1 be flung open and Sue emerge . she glance up the aisle , which be now empty and peaceful - look . sue ( angrily ) what 's go on around here ? ( shouting ) bienstock ! bienstock stagger sleepily out of lower 2 . bienstock be we in Florida ? at the entrance to the woman 's lounge , sugar have join Joe and the two be peer through the curtain . the door of the car open , and the conductor run in angrily . the two withdraw back into the lounge . the conductor join Sue and bienstock . conductor all right . who pull the emergency brake ? who be it ? bienstock ( bellow at the close curtain ) come on , girl . who be it ? through the curtain of Upper 7 , Jerry 's head appear timidly . jerry I be it . sue what 's the big idea ? jerry I be sorry . I be have a nightmare . ( he hiccup ) something I eat . I be not at all well . ( hold out cocktail shaker ) see ? hot water bottle . conductor ( disgust ) musician ! the last time we have some on the train , they start a wild , drunken brawl - twelve of they in one berth ! Jerry cluck he tongue disapprovingly . the conductor jerk the emergency cord a couple of time , signal the engineer to start the train again . 30 . ext . locomotive wheel - night . 30 . the stall wheel start to turn over and pick up speed . dissolve : 31 . omitted 31 . 32 . int . pullman car - night . 32 . the train be move . Joe appear from the woman 's lounge , signal to sugar , who be behind he . joe okay , sugar - all clear . you better go back to bed . sugar I might as well stay in there . I will not be able to sleep anyway . joe why not ? sugar bienstock . he snore to beat the band . we cut card to see who sleep over he , and I always lose . would not you know ? joe want to switch berth with I ? sugar would you mind terribly ? joe not at all . he lead she to lower 7 . the curtain of Upper 7 be close . joe I can fall asleep anywhere , any time , over anybody . he take he suitcase out , stashes it under the berth . sugar thanks , honey . joe ( start away ) good night , sugar . in Upper 7 , Jerry be lie on he back with he eye wide open , listen intently . from off come - sugar' voice good night , josephine . Jerry prop himself up on one elbow , a smug grin of anticipation on he face . sugar get into lower 7 , close the curtain . Joe proceed down the aisle , mount the ladder to Upper 2 . in Upper 2 , Joe close the curtain , settles down to sleep . in the berth below , bienstock be snore away . unable to take it , Joe clamp the spare pillow over he head . in Upper 7 , Jerry take a long swig out of the hot water bottle to get he courage up . then he part the curtain cautiously , drop to the aisle . he lean toward the close curtain of lower 7 . jerry ( very softly ) Joe - be you asleep , Joe ? in lower 7 , sugar , she eye close , be drift off to sleep . Jerry , satisfied that Joe be asleep , pussyfoot down the aisle to berth 2 . he listen for a second to bienstock snore , climb up the ladder to Upper 2 . in Upper 2 , Joe lie face the window . the curtain part gingerly , and Jerry stick he head in . jerry ( a honey whisper ) sugar - sugar baby - Joe open he eye wide , and be about to turn around , but Jerry put a restrain hand on he shoulder . jerry ( continue ) sssh . do not move . it 's I - daphne . we do not want to wake up bienstock . he slip into the berth , and the curtain close behind he . it 's pretty dark now . Jerry stretch out on top of the cover , address the back of Joe 's head . Joe , a grim expression on he face , be wait to see how far Jerry will go . jerry ( continue ; the big moment ) you know what I promise you before - that surprise - well , I better break it to you gently . in the first place , I be not a natural blonde - as a matter of face , there be all sort of thing about I that be not natural - you see , my friend and I - the reason we be on the train with you girl - well , you know that hole in the bull - fiddle - that be not mouse - what I be try to say be - my name be not really daphne - it 's geraldine - I mean , Jerry - and you know why it 's Jerry ? - because I be a boy ! he sweep he blonde wig off . Joe , who 's have enough , make a move to sit up , but Jerry push he back gently . jerry ( continue ) do not scream , please . do not spoil it - it 's too beautiful . just think of it , you and I - same berth , opposite sex - male and female - he and she - the moth and the flame - ( take Joe 's hand , put it on he heart ) feel my heart - like a crazy drum . ( start kissing Joe 's hand ) I be mad for you , sugar . ( breathe heavily ) what be we go to do about it ? Joe have have it . wheeling around , he grab Jerry by the front of he nightgown , start to shake he like a terrier shaking a rat . jerry ( continue ; nonpluss ) sugar , what be you do ? do not get sore , baby - beginning to realize something may be wrong , Jerry reach up and switch on the light . there be something wrong . joe ( hold Jerry with one hand , cock the other ) male and female - the moth and the flame - I ought to slug you ! jerry ( slapping wig back on he head ) you would not hit a girl , would you ? fade out : fade in : 33 . ext . seminole -ritz HOTEL - day . 33. the sprawling gingerbread structure bask in the warm Florida sun , fan by tower palm tree , and lull by wave break lazily on the exclusive beach frontage . wintertime and the livin ' be easy , fish be jumpin ' and the market be high . the hotel bus chug up the curve driveway toward the main entrance , haul the Society syncopator fromt he station . the rear of the bus be load with luggage and instrument . from inside come the SOUND of girl ' voice , sing down among the shelter palm . on the hotel veranda , creak in they rock chair , be a dozen elderly gentleman . they be all in resort clothes - white flannel , stripe flannel , knicker , Panama hat , white linen cap - and they be all read the Wall Street Journal . they combine age must be about a thousand year , and they combine bank balance just about as many million . as they hear the bus draw up , they stop rock , and slowly lower they Wall Street journal . they be all wear sunglass , and lean forward , they peer through they at the new arrival . in the driveway , the girl be climb out of the bus , luggage and instrument be be unload . Jerry help sugar down , while Joe get they instrument out of the pile . he hand the bull - fiddle case to Jerry , the ukulele case to sugar . jerry ( take the ukulele from sugar ) I will carry the instrument . sugar thank you , daphne . joe ( hand Jerry the saxophone case ) thank you , daphne . ( to sugar ) be not she a sweetheart ? he lead she toward the entrance . Jerry , load down with bass fiddle , ukulele and sax , glare after they - angrily , then follow they , balance precariously on he high heel . on the veranda , the twelve rich dodo remove they sunglass to get a better look at the girl . the one nearest to the step be osgood field III . he be a bit young than the other , but that still put he in he late fifty . he wear white plus-four , argyle sock , two - tone shoe , and a gleam in he eye . he tip he Panama hat rakishly as the girl musician mount the step . Joe and sugar come up the step . Joe nudge she , direct she attention to the old crook . joe well , there they be - more millionaire than you can shake a stick at . sugar I will bet there be not one of they under seventy - five . joe seventy -five . that 's three - quarter of a century . make a girl think . ugar yeah , I hope they bring they grandson along . as they pass osgood field III and start into the lobby , he tip he Panama jauntily . then he turn to inspect the next girl . the next girl be Jerry , struggle up the step , load with bass fiddle , saxophone and ukulele . he trip on the top step , lose one of he shoe . osgood jump up gallantly . osgood just a moment , miss - ( pick up shoe ) May I ? jerry ( extend he foot regally ) help yourself . osgood ( slip shoe on ) I be osgood field the third . jerry I be cinderella the second . he start to pull away , but osgood hold on to he ankle . osgood if there be one thing I admire , it 's a girl with a shapely ankle . jerry I too . bye now . osgood let I carry one of the instrument . jerry thank you . ( load he up with all the instrument ) be not you a sweetheart ? he start into the lobby , osgood struggle after he with the instrument . 34 . int . lobby of the seminole -ritz - day . 34 . the lobby be very resort -y - pot palm , overhead fan , and a heavy undergrowth of wicker furniture . osgood , balance the instrument , follow Jerry in . osgood it certainly be delightful to have some young blood around here . jerry personally , I be type o. osgood you know , I have always be fascinate by show business . jerry you do not say . osgood yes , indeed . it 's cost my family quite a bit of money . jerry you invest in show ? osgood no - it 's showgirl . I have be marry seven or eight time . jerry you be not sure ? osgood mama be keep score . frankly , she 's get rather annoyed with I jerry I be not surprised . osgood so this year , when George White 's scandal open , she pack I off to Florida . right now she think I be out there on my yacht - deep - sea fishing . jerry well , pull in you reel , Mr. field . you be bark up the wrong fish . they come up to the elevator . the door be just close on a load of girl musician go up . osgood if I promise not to be a naughty boy - how about dinner tonight ? jerry sorry . I will be on the bandstand . osgood oh , of course . which of this instrument do you play ? jerry bull fiddle . osgood fascinating . do you use a bow or do you just pluck it ? jerry most of the time I slap it . osgood you must be quite a girl . jerry wanna bet ? osgood my last wife be a acrobatic dancer - you know , sort of a contortionist - she could smoke a cigarette while hold it between she toe - Zowie ! - but mama break it up . jerry why ? osgood she do not approve of girl who smoke . the elevator have come down again , and the door open . jerry ( reach for the instrument ) Goodbye , Mr. field . osgood Goodbye ? jerry this be where I get off . osgood ( the naughty boy ) oh , you do not get off that easy . he ease she into the elevator , follow with the instrument . osgood ( continue ; to elevator operator ) all right , driver . once around the park . slowly . and keep you eye on the road . the door close . camera pan up to the floor indicator . the arrow move smoothly past the second floor , then stop abruptly , jiggle violently , start down again . camera pan down . the elevator door open . jerry ( outrage womanhood ) what kind of girl do you think I be , Mr. field ? he slap osgood 's face , take the instrument from he . osgood please . it will not happen again . jerry no , thank you . I will walk . he stalk out of the elevator with the instrument , start indignantly up the stair . osgood stand hold he cheek , look after he enrapture . osgood Zowie ! 35 . int . FOURTH floor corridor - day . 35 . this be the floor on which the girl be billete . sugar , Joe and the other Society syncopator be gather around bienstock and Sue , while bellhop be bring up the luggage . bienstock ( hold up a list ) all right , girl - here be you room assignment . ( tapping he pocket ) my glass - where be my glass ? as he continue to search , Sue take the list from he , start to read it off . sue olga and Mary Lou in 412 - and Mary Lou , keep you kimono buttone when you ring for room service - josephine and daphne in 413 - dolore and sugar in 414 - dolore I and sugar ? sue what do you expect - a one - legge jockey ? Joe and sugar be move on toward they room . sugar I wish they would put we in the same room . joe so do I . but do not worry - we will be see a lot of each other . they reach the door of 414 , and sugar open it . sugar ( ruefully ) 414 - that 's the same room number I have in Cincinnati - my last time around with a male band . what a heel he be . joe saxophone player ? sugar what else ? and be I ever crazy about he . two in the morning , he send I down for knackwurst and potato salad - they be out of potato salad , so I bring coleslaw - so he throw it right in my face . joe forget it , sugar , will you ? forget about saxophone player . you be go to meet a millionaire - a young one . sugar what make you so sure ? joe just my feminine intuition . she smile gratefully at he as she enter 414 . Joe cross to the open door of 413 , go in . 36 . int . room 413 - day . 36 . it 's a small room , twin-bed , more wicker , adjoin bathroom . outside the french window be a balcony , give on the ocean . as Joe come in , a bellhop be just set down some suitcase - two of they be Joe 's and Jerry 's , the third be a somewhat more elegant model in brown cloth with a white stripe down the middle and the initial b.b. the bellhop , a fresh punk of seventeen , turn to Joe . bellhop be this you bag ? joe yes . and that one , too . bellhop okay , doll . joe I suppose you want a tip ? bellhop forget it , doll . after all , you work here - I work here - and believe you I , it 's nice to have you with the organization . joe bye . bellhop ( the young Clark gable ) listen , doll - what time do you get off tonight ? joe why ? bellhop because I be work the night shift - and I get a bottle of gin stashed away - and as soon as there 's a lull - joe be not you a little too young for that , sonny ? bellhop wanna see my driver 's license ? joe get lose , will you ? bellhop that 's the way I like them - big and sassy . ( at the door ) and get rid of you roommate . he pull out he bow tie , which be on a elastic , let in snap back like a exclamation point . Joe look after he grimly , then he eye fall on the suitcase with the stripe , and he shove it quickly under the bed . the door open again , and Joe whirl around . Jerry come staggering in breathlessly with the instrument , kick the door shut with he foot . jerry why , that dirty old man ! he throw the instrument disgustedly on one of the bed . joe what happen ? jerry I get pinch in the elevator . joe well , now you know how the other half life . jerry ( look in the mirror ) and I be not even pretty . joe they do not care - just as long as you wear skirt . it 's like wave a red flat in front of a bull . jerry I be tired of be a flag . I want to be a bull again . let get out of here , Joe . let 's blow . joe blow where ? jerry you promise - the minute we hit Florida , we be go to beat it . joe how can we ? we be break . jerry we can get a job with another band . a male band . joe listen , stupid - right now spat Colombo and he chum be look for we in every male band in the country . jerry but this be so humiliate . joe so you get pinch in the elevator . so what ? would you rather be pick lead out of you navel ? jerry all right , all right ! ( rip off he hat and wig , toss they on the bed ) but how long can we keep this up ? joe what 's the beef ? we be sit pretty . we get room and board - we get pay every week - there 's the palm tree and the fly fish - jerry what be you give I with the fly fish ? I know why you want to stick around - you be after sugar . joe ( holier - than - thou ) me? after sugar ? jerry I watch you two on the bus - lovey - dovey - whisper and giggle and borrow each other 's lipstick - joe what be you talk about ? sugar and I , we be just like sister . jerry yeah ? well , I be you fairy godmother - and I be keep a eye on you . there be a knock on the door . bienstock's voice be you decent ? Joe pull Jerry 's wig out of the hat , jam it down he head . joe come in . bienstock come in . bienstock you girl have see a brown bag with a white stripe and my initial ? jerry a what ? bienstock my suitcase - with all my resort clothes . joe ( glance down ) no , we have not . bienstock can not understand it . first my glass disappear - then one of my suitcase - sugar appear in the doorway behind he . sugar where 's my ukulele ? bienstock - now a ukulele ? there must be a sneak thief around here . he go out , shaking he head in puzzlement . jerry ( hand she the ukulele ) here you be , sugar . sugar a bunch of we girl be go for a swim . want to come along ? jerry you betcha . joe wait a minute , daphne . you have not get a bathing suit . sugar she do not need one . I do not have one either . jerry ( to Joe ) see ? she do not have one either - ( to sugar ) you do not ? sugar we will rent some at the bathhouse . how about you , josephine ? joe no , thanks . I would rather stay in and soak in a hot tub . he step into the bathroom , turn on the faucet . jerry yeah - let she soak . come on . joe do not get burn , daphne . sugar oh , I have some suntan lotion . jerry she will rub it on I - and I will rub it on she - and we will rub it on each other - bye . he usher sugar out in high spirit . Joe look after they , then quickly lock the hall door , and step into the bathroom , turn off the water . he hurry over to the bed , slide out bienstock 's suitcase , open it . it 's cramme full of resort clothes - and Joe take out a blazer , flannel pants , and a yachting cap , which he perches on he head . then he lift he skirt above he knee , pull out bienstock 's glass from under he garter . he put they on , peer around myopically . his enlarge eye be grotesque - but then again , so be he scheme . dissolve to : 37 . ext . beach - day . 37 . to the accompaniment of by the beautiful sea , several girl from the band , in bathing suit and cap , be run into the surf . the other girl be already in the water , splash around and frolick like a school of playful porpoise . there be no sign of Jerry . sugar , stand up to she waist in water , suddenly let out a startle squeal , slap the surface of the water behind she . sugar daphne ! cut that out ! Jerry come diving up , spout water like a dolphin . he be wear a girl ' knitted bathing suit with a short skirt , and a rubber cap . sugar ( continue ) what do you think you be do ? jerry just a little trick I pick up in the elevator . a good-size wave come roll in . jerry ( continue ) oooh . here come a big one . he grab sugar , hold on to she tightly . the wave break over they , sweep they off they foot . strol casually along the beach be Joe . he be wear bienstock 's blazer ( crest and eight gold button ) , flannel slack ( bell -bottom ) , a silk scarf , a yachting cap , and the glass ( which blur he vision considerably ) . in he hand he carry a roll - up copy of the Wall Street Journal . he look off toward the ocean . the girl be scamper out of the water , and some of they start to toss a beach ball around . sugar and Jerry come run up to the beach hand in hand . they take they cap off , and sugar put on a short terry - cloth jacket . Jerry jump around on one foot , he head tilt , shaking the water out of he ear , then start to rub himself off with a towel . sugar ( study he ) you know , daphne - I have no idea you be such a big girl . jerry you should have see I before I go on a diet . sugar I mean , you shoulder - and you arm - jerry that 's from carry around the bull fiddle . sugar but there 's one thing I envy you for . jerry what 's that ? sugar you be so flat-chest . clothes hang so much better on you than they do on I . dolore ' voice ( from off ) look out , daphne ! the beach ball come sailing into shot , and Jerry catch it . jerry come on , sugar - let 's play . he take sugar 's hand , skip off with she to join the other girl . Joe , meanwhile , have come up to a basket chair nearby . sitting in front of it , sorting sea shell out for a small pail , be a boy of five . a few foot away stand he mother , call to he . mother let 's go , junior . time for you nap . junior Nah . I wanna play . joe ( out of the corner of he mouth ) you hear you mudder , junior . scram . they boy look up at he , fearfully . joe ( continue ) this beach be not big enough for both of we . the boy scramble to he foot , and scream " mommy , " run off , leave the pailful of shell behind . Joe settles himself in the chair , peer over he shoulder toward the girl play ball . the girl , sugar and Jerry among they , be stand in a wide circle , toss the beach ball around and chant rhythmically : " I love coffee , I love tea , how many boy be stick on I ? one , two , three , four , five - " there be a wild throw over sugar 's head , in the direction of Joe 's chair . sugar turn and run after the ball to retrieve it . this be exactly what Joe have be wait for . as the ball come roll past , he unfold the Wall Street Journal , pretend to be read it . just as sugar run by , Joe extend he foot a couple of inch - enough to trip she and send she sprawling to the sand . joe ( lowering paper ; cary grant by now ) oh , I be terribly sorry . sugar my fault . joe ( help she up ) you be not hurt , be you ? sugar I do not think so . joe I wish you would make sure . sugar why ? joe because usually , when people find out who I be , they get themselves a wheel chair and a shyster lawyer , and sue I for a quarter of a million dollar . sugar well , do not worry . I will not sue you - no matter who you be . joe ( return to chair ) thank you . sugar who be you ? joe now , really - Jerry and the other girl be look off toward sugar , wait for the ball . jerry hey , sugar - come on . sugar pick up the ball . joe ( blase ) so long . he bury himself behind the Wall Street Journal again . sugar hesitates for a second , then throw the ball back to the girl . she step closer to Joe , peer around the paper , study he . sugar have not I see you somewhere before ? joe ( without look up ) not very likely . sugar be you stay at the hotel ? joe not at all . sugar you face be familiar . joe possible you see it in a newspaper - or magazine - vanity Fair - sugar that must be it . joe ( wave she aside ) would you mind move just a little ? you be block my view . sugar you view of what ? joe they run up a red-and - white flag on the yacht when it 's time for cocktail . sugar ( snap at the bait ) you have a yacht ? she turn and look seaward at a half - a- dozen yacht of different size bob in the distance . sugar ( continue ) which one be yours - the big one ? joe certainly not . with all that unrest in the world , I do not think anybody should have a yacht that sleep more than twelve . sugar I quite agree . tell I , who run up that flat - you wife ? joe no , my flag steward . sugar and who mix the cocktail - you wife ? joe no , my cocktail steward . look , if you be interested in whether I be marry or not - sugar I be not interested at all . joe well , I be not . sugar that 's very interesting . Joe resume read the paper . sugar sit on the sand beside he chair . sugar ( continue ) how 's the stock market ? joe ( lackadaisically ) up , up , up . sugar I will bet just while we be talk , you make like a hundred thousand dollar . joe could be . do you play the market ? sugar no - the ukulele . and I sing . joe for you own amusement ? sugar well - a group of we be appear at the hotel . sweet Sue and her Society syncopator . joe you be society girl ? sugar oh , yes . quite . you know - Vassar , bryn mawr - we be only do this for a lark . joe syncopator - do that mean you play that fast music - jazz ? sugar yeah . Real hot . joe oh. well , I guess some like it hot . but personally , I prefer classical music . sugar so do i. as a matter of fact , I spend three year at the sheboygan conservatory of Music . joe good school ! and you family do not object to you career ? sugar they do indeed . daddy threaten to cut I off without a cent , but I do not care . it be such a bore - come - out party , cotillion - joe - inauguration ball - sugar - open of the Opera - joe - riding to hound - sugar - and always the same four hundre . joe you know , it 's amazing we never run into each other before . I be sure I would have remember anybody as attractive as you . sugar you be very kind . I will bet you be also very gentle - and helpless - joe I beg you pardon ? sugar you see , I have this theory about man with glass . joe what theory ? sugar maybe I will tell you when I know you a little better . what be you do tonight ? joe tonight ? sugar I think you might like to come to the hotel and hear we play . joe I would like to - but it may be rather difficult . sugar why ? joe ( he eye on the pail with the shell ) I only come ashore twice a day - when the tide go out . sugar oh ? joe it 's on the account of the shell . that 's my hobby . sugar you collect shell ? joe ( take a handful of shell from the pail ) yes . so do my father and my grandfather - we have all have this passion for shell - that 's why we name the oil company after it . sugar ( wide - eye ) Shell oil ? joe please - no name . just call I junior . by this time , the ball game be break up , and Jerry approach sugar and Joe . jerry come on , sugar - time to change for dinner . sugar run along , daphne - I will catch up with you . jerry ( a casual glance at Joe ) okay . he take a couple of step away from they , freeze , come back and stare at Joe open-mouthed . joe what be it , young lady ? what be you stare at ? jerry ( point ; speechless ) you - you - joe ( to sugar ) this happen to I all the time in public . sugar ( to Jerry ) I recognize he too - he picture be in vanity Fair . jerry vanity Fair ? joe ( wave he aside ) would you mind move along , please ? sugar yes , you be in the way . he 's wait for a signal from he yacht . jerry his yacht ? sugar it sleep twelve . ( to Joe ) this be my friend daphne . she 's a Vassar girl . jerry I be a what ? sugar or be it bryn mawr ? joe ( to Jerry ) I hear a very sad story about a girl who go to bryn mawr . she squeale on she roommate , and they find she strangle with she own brassiere . jerry ( grimly ) yes - you have to be very careful about pick a roommate . sugar well , I guess I would better go - joe it 's be delightful meeting you both . sugar and you will come to hear we tonight ? joe if it 's at all possible - jerry oh , please do come . do not disappoint we . it will be such fun . and bring you yacht . sugar come on , daphne . she lead Jerry away . Joe throw they a casual salute . as Jerry and sugar move off , Jerry look over he shoulder . jerry well , I will be - ! how about that guy ? sugar now look , daphne - hand off - I see he first . jerry sugar , dear - let I give you some advice . if I be a girl - and I be - I would watch my step . sugar if I would be watch my step , I never would have meet he . wait till I tell josephine . jerry yeah - josephine . sugar will she be surprised . I just can not wait to see she face - jerry neither can i. come on - let go up to she room and tell she - right now . he grab she hand , start to run toward the hotel . sugar we do not have to run . jerry oh yes , we do ! dissolve to : 38 . int . FOURTH floor corridor - day . 38 . Jerry , hold sugar by the hand , come run down the corridor from the elevator . he fling open the door of 413 , pull sugar inside . 39 . int . room 413 - day . 39 . Jerry and sugar stop breathlessly , look around . the room be empty . jerry josephine - sugar I guess she 's not in here . jerry that 's funny . josie - ( see josephine 's dress on a hanger ; smugly ) I can not imagine where she can be . sugar well , I will come back later . jerry no , no , sugar - wait . I have a feel she 's go to show up any minute . sugar ( sit down ) believe it or not - josephine predict the whole thing . jerry yeah . this be one for ripley . sugar do you suppose she go out shopping ? jerry that 's it . something tell I she 's go to walk through that door in a whole new outfit . he open the door , peer out into the corridor expect Joe to show up in the yachting outfit . at the same time , through the partly open door of the bathroom , come josephine 's voice , sing " running wild . " Jerry do a double- take . sugar start toward the bathroom door and open it . Jerry follow she , incredulously . in the bathroom , Joe with he wig on , be lie languidly in the tub take a bubble - bath , up to he neck in white foam . sugar josephine . joe oh , I do not hear you come in . Jerry look back toward the window , try to figure out how Joe get in . sugar the most wonderful thing happen - joe what ? sugar guess ! joe they repeal prohibition ? jerry oh , come on - you can do better than that . sugar I meet one of they . joe one of whom ? sugar Shell oil , junior . he 's get million - he 's get glass - and he 's get a yacht . joe ( beam ) you do not say ! jerry he 's not only get a yacht , he 's get a bicycle . joe ( warningly ) daphne - ( to sugar ) go on - tell I all about he . sugar well , he 's young and handsome and a bachelor - and he 's a real gentleman - not one of this grabber . joe maybe you would better go after he - if you do not want to lose he . sugar oh , I be not go to let this one get away . he 's so cute - collect shell . joe shell ? whatever for ? jerry you know - the old shell game . joe daphne , you be bother we . sugar anyway , you be go to meet he tonight . joe I be ? sugar because he say he 's come to hear we play - maybe . jerry what do you mean , maybe ? I see the way he look at you . he will be there for sure . sugar I hope so . jerry what do you think , josephine ? what do it say in you crystal ball ? Joe glare at he . meanwhile , dolore have come into the room in she wet bathing suit and carry a drip rubber horse . she stick she head into the bathroom . dolore hey , sugar , you get the key ? I be lock out and I be make a puddle in the hall . sugar ( to Joe and Jerry ) see you on the bandstand , girl . she follow dolore out , close the door . Joe and Jerry be alone now . the atmosphere be tense . they look at each other steely - eye . joe ( finally ) Wise guy , huh ? try to louse I up - jerry and what be you try to do to poor sugar ? put on that millionaire act - and that phony accent - ( a la cary grant ) nobody talk like that ! I have see you pull some low trick on dame - but this be the trickiest and the lowest and the meanest - his word trail off as he see Joe rise slowly out of the tub . the mystery of he quick change be now solve - he do not change at all . he be fully dress in bienstock 's outfit , and be clutching the yachting cap . as he emerge from the bathtub , cover with sud , he look like some diabolique monster . he advance on Jerry menacingly . jerry ( continue ) I be not scared of you - ( retreate ) I may be small , but I be wiry - ( retreate some more ) when I be arouse , I be a tiger ! by this time he be up against the wall . Joe be close in on he . jerry ( continue conciliatory ) do not look at I like that , Joe - I do not mean any harm - it be just a little joke - do not worry - I will press the suit myself . the phone ring . jerry ( continue ) telephone - Joe close in relentlessly . jerry ( continue ) you better answer the phone - Joe slam the sopping cap on Jerry 's head . as Jerry cough and splutter , Joe pick up the ringing phone . joe hello - ( remember he be a girl , pitch voice higher ) hello - yes , this be 413 - ship -to-shore ? - all right , I will take it . 40 . ext . fantail of the yacht caledonia - day . 40 . it be a chic vessel indeed - and so be osgood field the third , loung in a deck chair , speak into a radio- telephone . osgood ( that gleam in he eye ) hello , daphne ? it 's that naughty boy again - you know , osgood - in the elevator - you slap my face ? who be this ? 41 . int . room 413 - day . 41 . Joe be on the phone . through the open door of the bathroom we see Jerry wiping he face . joe this be she roommate . daphne can not talk right now . be it anything urgent ? 42 . osgood - on phone . 42 . osgood well , it be to I . will you give she a message ? I would like she to have a little supper with I on my yacht after the show tonight . 43 . joe - on phone . 43 . joe get it . Supper - yacht - after the show - I will tell she . ( reacting ) you yacht ? 44 . osgood - on phone . 44 . osgood the New caledonia . that 's the name of it . the Old caledonia go down during a wild party off cape hatteras . but tell she not to worry - this be go to be a quiet little midnight snack - just the two of we . 45 . joe - on phone . 45 . joe just the two of you ? what about the crew ? 46 . osgood - on phone . 46 . osgood oh , that 's all take care of . I be give they shore leave . we will have a little cold pheasant - and champagne - and I check with the Coast Guard - there will be a full moon tonight - oh , and tell she I get a new batch of rudy vallee record - 47 . int . room 413 - day . 47 . joe ( into phone ) that 's good think . daphne 's a push -over for he . Jerry come up , still hold the towel . jerry I be a push - over for whom ? what be it ? who 's on the phone ? joe ( shushing he ; into phone ) yes , Mr. field - you will pick she up after the show in you motorboat - goodbye - what 's that you say ? oh - zowie ! I will give she the message . ( he hang up ) jerry what message ? what motorboat ? joe you get it make , kid . field want you to have a little cold pheasant with he on he yacht - jerry oh , he do ! joe just the three of you on that great big boat - you and he and rudy vallee . jerry fat chance ! you call he right back and tell he I be not go . joe of course , you be not . I be go . jerry you be go to be on the boat with that dirty old man ? joe no. I be go to be on that boat with sugar . jerry and where 's he go to be ? joe he 's go to be ashore with you . jerry with I ? joe that 's right . jerry oh , no ! not tonight , josephine ! dissolve to : 48 . int . HOTEL ballroom - night . 48. it 's a good size nightclub of the period , with about 200 guest in formal dress - evening gowns , white dinner jacket - at the table and on the dance floor . a revolve globe , with a mirrore surface , throw pattern of light and shadow on the dancer . on the bandstand , sugar , back by the rest of the orchestra , be sing . the girl in the band , Joe and Jerry among they , wear uniform evening gowns and long earring . sugar and Sue war distinctive gowns . sugar 's song be " I want to be love by you " - which she belt across in the style of the twenties , complete with poop- poop - pa- doop trimming . as she sing , she scan the room for she bespectacle Prince charm , but there be no sign of he - naturally , since he be play the saxophone behind she . in back of Joe be Jerry , thumping the bass grimly . he look off , see - osgood field the third , in a white mess jacket , sit alone at a table . catch Jerry 's eye , he wave exuberantly , he face beam with amorous anticipation . on the bandstand , Jerry look away haughtily . joe ( over he shoulder ) daphne - you boy friend be wave at you . jerry you can both go take a fly jump . joe remember - he 's you date for tonight . so smile . Jerry smile feebly . joe ( continue ) come on , you can do better than that . give he tooth - the whole personality . jerry ( a freeze smile on he face ) why do I let you talk I into this thing ? why ? joe because we be pal - buddy - the two musketeer . jerry do not give I the musketeer ! how be I go to keep the guy ashore ? joe tell he you get seasick on a yacht . play miniature golf with he . jerry oh , no . I be not get catch in a miniature sand trap with that guy . the fresh young bellhop we see earlier come up beside the bandstand , carry a large wicker basket full of flower . bellhop ( to Joe ) which of you doll be daphne ? joe bull fiddle . the bellhop hand the basket to Jerry , nod off toward osgood 's table . bellhop it 's from satchel mouth at table Seven . ( he break off one flower , hand it to Joe ) this be from I to you , doll . joe beat it , buster . bellhop ( confidentially ) never mind leave you door open - I get a passkey . he wink and move off . Joe look after he contemptuously , then turn to Jerry , pick up the basket of flower . jerry what be you do with my flower ? joe I be just borrow they . you will get they back tomorrow . he hand Jerry the single flower , then look around , fish a small envelope out of he decolletage , slip it into the basket . sugar finish she number , return to she seat next to Joe . Sue lead the orchestra into the signature music , sweet sue . sugar ( to Joe ) I guess he 's not go to show up - it 's give minute to one - you suppose he forget ? joe well , you know how that millionaire be . ( point at basket of flower ) this come for you . sugar for I ? ( she open the note ) it 's Shell oil . jerry ( sarcastically ) no ! sugar yes . he want I to have supper with he - on he yacht - he 's go to pick I up at the pier . jerry no ! sugar yes . joe ( to Jerry ) you hear she - yes . sugar ( bubbling over ) oh , josephine - just imagine - I , sugar kowalczyk , from sandusky , Ohio , on a millionaire 's yacht . if my mother could only see I now - jerry ( look off toward osgood ) I hope my mother never find out . at he table , osgood , catch Jerry 's look , blow kiss to he . on the bandstand , Sue turn to the audience for she signature spiel . sue that 's it for tonight , folk . this be sweet Sue , say good night , and remind all you daddy out there - every girl in my band be a virtuoso - and I intend to keep it that way ! behind she , sugar pick up she ukulele and the basket of flower , tiptoe off the stand . Joe wave after she , wishing she luck . sugar hurry toward the staircase , pass bienstock , who be plant near the reservation desk . as Sue cut off the music Joe frantically pack up he saxophone . then he leap off the bandstand , and dash past the bewilder bienstock , start up the stair two at a time . dissolve to : 49 . int . room 413 - night . 49 . Joe barge in , drop the saxophone case , lock the door . then he dart into the bathroom , wriggle out of he dress . camera pan over to the other door of the bathroom as the dress and shoe come fly out . they be immediately follow by Joe , now partially dress as a man . he slip into bienstock 's coat , put on the yachting cap . even to a captain he would be a captain now , except for one thing - in he haste , he have neglect to take off he earring . he open a window , step out onto the balcony . 50 . ext . balcony of room 413 - night . 50 . Joe move along the balcony , climb over the railing , start to shinny down a post . 51 . ext . side entrance of HOTEL - night . 51 . sugar , a fur boa over the evening gown she wear on the bandstand , come trip down the step , hurry eagerly toward the beach . 52 . ext . HOTEL ground - night . 52 . in the f.g. , to one side of the main entrance , a dozen bicycle be park in a rack . Joe drop down into the scene , see the bicycle , pull one out , mount it , and pedal off . stand under a tree in front of the hotel be osgood and Jerry . Jerry be in he evening gown and be hold a flower in he hand . osgood but it 's such a waste - a full moon - a empty yacht - jerry I will throw up ! osgood well , then , why do not we go dance ? I know a little road-house , down the coast - Joe come whizzing past they on he bicycle . Jerry look after he , open-mouthed . jerry well , I will be - ! he do have a bicycle . osgood who ? jerry ( catch himself ) about that roadhouse - osgood they get a Cuban band that 's the berry . why do not we go there - blindfold the orchestra - and tango till dawn ? jerry you know something , Mr. field ? you be dynamite ! osgood you be a pretty hot little firecracker yourself . he link he arm through Jerry 's , lead he down the path . sugar be now almost run toward the pier , a look of great expectation on she face . this be the big night of she life . Joe be pedale desperately to get to the pier before she , oblivious of the earring dangle incongruously from he ear lobe . 53 . ext . pier - night . 53. about a dozen motorboat be tie up to the pier . sugar hurry across the planking and up the stair to the desert pier , stop and look around for she date . behind she , Joe come skim along the planking on he bicycle , swoops under the pier . a dishearten sugar think that she have be stand up . Joe dismount from the bike , duck underneath the pier , and hop into the motorboat mark caledonia . straighten up , he wave to sugar on the pier above he . joe ahoy there ! sugar turn , she face lighting up . sugar ahoy ! she hurry down the step toward he . Joe suddenly remember he glass . he take they out of he pocket , put they on . as he do so , he feel the earring . he pull they off , shove they in he pocket - and he 's not a second too soon , for sugar have just about reach he . sugar ( continue ) be wait long ? joe ( cary grant again ) it 's not how long you wait - it 's who you be wait for . he help she down into the motorboat . sugar thank you . and thank you for the flower . joe I want they to fly down some orchid from we greenhouse but all of Long Island be fogge in . sugar it 's the think that count . she settles herself back on the cushion seat . Joe start fiddling around with the mysterious knob on the instrument panel . he push , pull , twist the knob - finally the motor turn over , but do not catch . joe I seem to be out of gas . sugar it 's sort of funny - you be out of gas - I mean , Shell oil and everything - Joe , work the knob desperately , do something right , and the motor start with a roar . joe here we go . he press every lever he can find , manage to shift into gear . the boat back out erratically . Joe shift into neutral , but no matter how hard he try to find the forward gear , he keep wind up in reverse . joe ( apologetically ) I just get this motorboat - it 's a experimental model . sugar look like they be on the wrong track . joe do you mind riding backwards ? it may take a little longer - sugar it 's not how long it take - it 's who 's take you . the motorboat glide off backwards , and as though it be the most natural thing in the world , skim out toward the open water , where the yacht be anchore . dissolve to : 54 . ext . yacht at anchor - night . 54 . the caledonia be bob gently on a calm , moonlit sea . the motorboat with Joe and sugar come in stern - backwards . Joe , look over he shoulder , maneuver the motorboat to a stop under the landing ladder . ( ream of romantic music under all of this ) . dissolve to : 55 . ext . deck of caledonia - night . 55 . as Joe and sugar aboard . she gaze around , starry - eye . sugar it look so small from the beach - but when you be on it , it 's more like a cruiser - or a destroyer . joe just regulation size . we have three like this . sugar Three ? joe mother keep hers in southampton - and dad take he to Venezuela - the company be lay a new pipe line . sugar my dad be more interested in railroad . Baltimore and Ohio . which be the port and which be the starboard ? joe ( the old mariner ) well , that depend - on whether you be come or go - I mean , normally the aft be on the other side of the stern - and that 's the bridge - so you can get from one side of the boat to the other - how about a glass of champagne ? sugar Love it . which way ? joe yes - now let 's see - where do you suppose the steward set it up ? he look around , confuse by the unfamiliar geography , then tentatively open the nearest door , revealing a flight of stair lead below deck . sugar oh , you have a upstairs and a downstairs . joe yes - that 's we hurricane cellar . he close the door , open another one - it 's a storage bin , contain mop , pail , coil of rope , etc . joe ( continue ) and another nice thing about this yacht - lot of closet space . sugar , meanwhile , have step up to a light porthole , look inside . sugar oh - in here . joe of course . on thursdays , they always serve I in the small salon . he open the door , usher sugar inside . 56 . int . salon of yacht - night . 56 . it 's a very elegant layout - mahogany panele , shelf of trophy , a stuff marlin on the wall , a luxurious couch with a table for two et up beside it . on the table be light candle , cold pheasant under glass , and champagne in a silver ice bucket . Joe and sugar come in , and as Joe take he cap off , sugar look around , dazzle . sugar it 's exquisite - like a float mansion . joe it 's all right for a bachelor . sugar ( stop by the stuff marlin ) what a beautiful fish . joe caught he off cape hatteras . sugar what be it ? joe oh - a member of the herring family . sugar a herring ? be not it amazing how they get that big fish into that little glass jar ? joe they shrink when they be marinate . during this , he have open the champagne , fill a couple of glass . joe ( continue ) Champagne ? sugar I do not mind if I do . joe ( toast she ) down the hatch - as we say at sea . sugar bon voyage . as she sip the drink , she glance at the shelf of trophy . sugar look at all that silverware . joe trophies . you know - skeet - shooing , dog-breed , water polo ... sugar Water polo - be not that terribly dangerous ? joe I will say . I have two pony drown under I . sugar where 's you shell collection ? joe yea , of course . now where could they have put it ? ( look under the couch ) on thursdays , I be sort of lose around here . sugar what 's on thursdays ? joe it 's the crew ' night off . sugar you mean we be alone on the boat ? joe completely . sugar you know , I have never be completely alone with a man before - in the middle of the night - in the middle of the ocean . joe oh , it 's perfectly safe . we be well anchore - the ship be in shipshape - and the Coast Guard promise to call I if there be any iceberg around . sugar it 's not the iceberg . but there be certain man who would try to take advantage of a situation like this . joe you be flatter I . sugar well , of course , I be sure you be a gentleman . joe oh , it 's not that . it 's just that I be - harmless . sugar harmless - how ? joe well , I do not know how to put it - but I have this thing about girl . sugar what thing ? joe they just sort of leave I cold . sugar you mean - like frigid ? joe it 's more like a mental block . when I be with girl , it do nothing to I . sugar have you try ? joe have I ? I be try all the time . he casually put he arm around she , kiss she on the lip , let go of she again . joe ( continue ) see ? nothing . sugar nothing at all ? joe complete washout . sugar that make I feel just awful . joe oh , it 's not you fault . it 's just that every now and then mother nature throw somebody a dirty curve . something go wrong inside . sugar you mean you can not fall in love ? joe not anymore . I be in love once - but I would rather not talk about it . ( take the glass bell off the cold cut ) how about a little cold pheasant ? sugar what happen ? joe I do not want to bore you . sugar oh , you could not possibly . joe well , it be my freshman year at Princeton - there be this girl - she name be nellie - she father be vice - president of hupmobile - she wear glass , too . that summer we spend we vacation at the Grand Canyon - we be stand on the high ledge , watch the sunset - suddenly we have a impulse to kiss - I take off my glass - I take a step toward she - she take a step toward I - sugar ( hand fly to mouth ) oh , no ! joe yes . eight hour later they bring she up by mule - I give she three transfusion - we have the same blood type - type o - it be too late . sugar talk about sad . joe ever since then - ( indicate heart ) numb - no feeling . like my heart be shot full of novocaine . sugar you poor , poor boy . joe yes - all the money in the world - but what good be it ? ( hold out serve plate ) mint sauce or cranberry ? sugar how can you think about food at a time like this ? joe what else be there for I ? ( tear off leg of pheasant ) sugar be it that hopeless ? joe ( eat ) my family do everything they could - hire the most beautiful french upstairs maid - get a special tutor to read I all the book that be ban in Boston - import a whole troupe of balinese dancer with bell on they ankle and that long fingernails - what a waste of money ! sugar have you ever try american girl ? joe why ? she kiss he - pretty good , but nothing spectacular . sugar be that anything ? joe ( shaking he head ) thanks just the same . he resume nibble on the pheasant leg , sit on the couch . sugar maybe if you see a good doctor ... joe I have . spend six month in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back - ( stretch out the couch , still eat ) - then there be the mayo Brothers - and injection and hypnosis and mineral bath - if I be not such a coward , I would kill myself . sugar do not talk like that . I be sure there must be some girl some place that could - joe if I ever find a girl that could - I would marry she like that . he snap he finger . the word " marriage " make something snap inside sugar , too . sugar would you do I a favor ? joe what be it ? sugar I may not be Dr. Freud or a mayo brother or one of that french upstairs girl - but could I take another crack at it ? joe ( blase ) all right - if you insist . she bend over he , give he a kiss of slightly higher voltage . sugar anything this time ? joe I be afraid not . terribly sorry . sugar ( undaunted ) would you like a little more champagne ? ( proceed to refill glass ) and maybe if we have some music - ( indicate light ) - how do you dim this light ? joe look , it 's terribly sweet of you to want to help out - but it 's no use . ( point ) I think the light switch be over there - ( sugar dim light ) - and that 's the radio . ( sugar switch it on ) it 's like take somebody to a concert when he 's tone deaf . by this time there be only candlelight in the salon , and from the radio come soft music - stairway to the star . sugar cross to the couch with two champagne glass , hand one to Joe , sit beside he . Joe drink down the champagne , and sugar hand he the second glass . he drain that , too . sugar you be not give yourself a chance . do not fight it . relax . ( she kiss he again ) joe ( shaking he head ) it 's like smoking without inhale . sugar so inhale ! this kiss be the real mccoy . as they stay lock in each other 's arm - wipe to : 57 . int . ROADHOUSE - night . 57 . it be small , dark , and practically desert . the Cuban band be play LA cumparsita . among the dancer on the floor be osgood and Jerry , easily the most stylish couple in the joint . Jerry have the flower tuck in he cleavage . as they tango - osgood daphne ... jerry yes , osgood ? osgood you be lead again . jerry sorry . they tango on . wipe back to : 58 . int . salon of caledonia - night . 58 . Joe and sugar be still in the same embrace . the radio music continue . finally they break . sugar ( wait for the verdict ) well - ? joe I be not quite sure . try it again . she do . as they break , she look at he - the suspense be unbearable . joe ( try to diagnose it ) I get a funny sensation in my toe - like somebody be barbecue they over a slow flame . sugar let throw another log on the fire . another kiss . joe I think you be on the right track . sugar I must be - because you glass be beginning to steam up . she kiss he again . wipe to : 59 . int . ROADHOUSE - night . 59 . osgood and Jerry have now get the tango by the throat . Jerry be dance with he back to the camera , and as osgood whip he around , we see that Jerry have the flower clamp between he tooth . they reverse position again , and osgood grab the flower between he tooth . wipe back to : 60 . int . salon of caledonia - night . 60 . the radio be still on , and Joe and sugar be just come out of they last kiss . Joe remove he glass , which be now completely fogge up . joe I never know it could be like this . sugar thank you . joe they tell I I be caputt - finish - wash up - and now you be make a chump out of all that expert . sugar mineral bath - now really ! joe where do you learn to kiss like that ? sugar oh , you know - junior League - charity bazaar - I use to sell kiss for the milk Fund . they kiss again . joe ( go , go , go ) tomorrow , remind I to send a check for a hundred thousand dollar to the milk Fund . she do not have to kiss he any more - he take over now . wipe to : 61 . int . ROADHOUSE - night . 61 . the chair be stack on the table , and osgood and Jerry be the only couple on the floor . osgood , wear the flower behind he ear , and massage he behind with a tablecloth , be tangoing with wild abandon around Jerry . suddenly he grab Jerry , bend he over in a dash dip . they straighten up , dance a couple of step , and now Jerry return the compliment - he almost break osgood 's spine with a even more dash dip . as for the Cuban musician - we now discover that osgood have keep he word . they be all blindfolded . dissolve to : 62 . ext . yacht at anchor - dawn . 62. sugar and Joe be in the motorboat , glide away from the caledonia toward the pier - backwards , naturally . it be quite romantic - with the sun about to rise - and the incidental music augment the mood . dissolve to : 63 . ext . pier - dawn . 63. Joe and sugar , he arm over she shoulder , walk dreamily toward the hotel . from the other direction come osgood , twirling the flower in he hand , and hum LA cumparsita . as he pass sugar and Joe , he wave to they jauntily , then continue toward the same motorboat which just deposit they . he get in , start the motor , take off . dissolve to : 64 . ext . HOTEL entrance - dawn . 64 . Joe lead sugar up to the step , then stop and face she . joe good night . sugar good morning . joe how much do I owe the milk Fund so far ? sugar eight hundred and fifty thousand dollar . joe let 's make it a even million . he give she a final kiss . sugar turn , start up the step , then stop and come back to he . sugar I forget to give you you receipt . she kiss he , then float through the entrance of the hotel . Joe watch she till she be out of sight , then take off he glass . he hurry up the step , start to climb up one of the post of the veranda . 65 . int . room 413 - dawn . 65 . Jerry , still in he evening gown , be stretch out on he bed , gaily sing LA cumparsita and accompany himself with a pair of maraca . Joe appear over the railing of the balcony , step through the window into the room . joe ( exuberant ) hi , Jerry . everything under control ? jerry have I get thing to tell you ! joe what happen ? jerry ( beam ) I be engage . joe congratulation . who 's the lucky girl ? jerry I be . joe what ? jerry ( brim over ) osgood propose to I . we be plan a June wedding . joe what be you talk about ? you can not marry osgood . jerry ( get up ) you think he 's too old for I ? joe Jerry ! you can not be serious ! jerry why not ? he keep marrying girl all the time ! joe but you be not a girl . you be a guy ! and why would a guy want to marry a guy ? jerry Security . joe Jerry , you would better lie down . you be not do well . jerry look , stop treat I like a child . I be not stupid . I know there 's a problem . joe I will say there be ! jerry his mother - we need she approval . but I be not worried - because I do not smoke . joe Jerry - there 's another problem . jerry like what ? joe like what be you go to do on you honeymoon ? jerry we have be discuss that . he want to go to the riviera - but I sort of lean toward Niagara Falls . joe you be out of you mind ! how can you get away with this ? jerry oh , I do not expect it to last . I will tell he the truth when the time come . joe like when ? jerry like right after the ceremony . joe oh . jerry then we will get a quick annulment - he will make a nice settlement on I - I will have that alimony check come in every month - joe Jerry , listen to I - there be law - convention - it 's just not be do ! jerry but Joe - this may be my last chance to marry a millionaire ! joe look , Jerry - take my advice - forget the whole thing - just keep tell yourself you be a boy ! jerry I be a boy - I be a boy - I wish I be dead - I be a boy - I be a boy - ( slap he wig down on the desk ) what be I go to do about my engagement present ? joe what engagement present ? Jerry pick up a jewel box , open it , hand it to Joe . jerry he give I this bracelet . Joe take bienstock 's glass out of he pocket , examine the bracelet through one of the lense . joe hey - this be real diamond . jerry naturally . you think my fiance be a bum ? now I guess I will have to give it back . joe wait a minute - let not be hasty . after all , we do not want to hurt poor osgood 's feeling . there be a knock on the door . joe ( in girl 's voice ) just a minute . they grab they wig , slap they on . Joe dive into bed , pull the cover up to he chin . sugar' voice it 's I - sugar . joe come in . sugar , in a negligee , come in - or rather , float in . sugar I think I hear voice - and I just have to talk to somebody . I do not feel like go to sleep . jerry I know what you need - a slug of bourbon . he open a bureau drawer , take out the hot-water bottle . sugar oh , no . I be off that stuff - for good . joe do you have a nice time ? sugar Nice ? ( on a cloud ) it be suicidally beautiful . jerry do he get fresh ? sugar of course not . as a matter of fact , it be just the other way around . you see he need help . jerry what for ? sugar and talk about elegant - you should see the yacht - candlelight - mint sauce and cranberry . joe gee , I wish I would be there . sugar I be go to see he again tonight - and every night - I think he 's go to propose to I - as soon as he get up he nerve . jerry ( look at Joe ) that 's some nerve ! joe ( cover up quickly ) daphne get a proposal tonight . sugar really ? sugar from a rich millionaire . sugar that 's wonderful . ( suddenly turn to Joe ) poor josephine . joe ( startle ) I ? sugar daphne have a beau - I have a beau - if we could only find somebody for you . the door open , and in stride the fresh bellhop , gin bottle in one hand and the passkey in the other . bellhop here I be , doll ! Joe disappear under the cover . fade out : fade in : 66 . int . lobby seminole -ritz HOTEL - day . 66 . we be close on a doormat bear the name seminole - ritz HOTEL . a pair of men' foot step across the mat , the shoe encase I white linen spat . camera pull back to reveal spat Colombo enter the lobby , surround by he four henchmen and follow by bellhop carry they luggage . the henchmen be all dolled up for Florida - knicker , panamas , two - tone shoe - and one of they be carry a golf bag . spat be somewhat more conservatively dress in a light gray business suit . they stop and look around . draped across the rear wall be a impressive banner read : welcome delegete 10 th annual convention friend of italian opera second henchman ( read banner ) Friends of eye-talian Opera - hey , that 's we ! a convention official , wear a badge and ribbon identify he as a committee member , come up to spat . first official Register over there . spat nod to he boy , and they move toward the registration desk , past other group of delegate . you would hate to meet any of this mug in a dark alley , but what make it heartwarming be that they all have a cauliflower ear for good music . sitting on a settee be a gentleman read the Police gazette . as he lower the paper , we see it 's we friend mulligan , the Federal agent . he look after spat and he boy with a wry smile . at the desk , spat and he group be identify themselves to the registrar . lean against a column , supervise the proceedings , be a dark , menace young hoodlum , johnny paradise . he be insolently flipping a half dollar in the air . spat ( to registrar ) spat Colombo - delegate from Chicago - South side chapter . the registrar pin a identification tag on he lapel . paradise hi , spat . we be lay eight to one you would not show . spat why would not I ? paradise we think you be all break up about toothpick Charlie . spat well , we all get to go sometime . paradise yeah . you never know who 's go to be next . ( jerk he thumb toward screen ) okay , spat . report to the sergeant - at - arm . spat what for ? paradise order from Little bonaparte . spat have now be join by the four henchmen , who have also receive they identification tag , and paradise motion they behind the screen . behind the screen , a couple of official be wait . second official put them up , spat . spat what 's the idea ? second official Little bonaparte do not want no hardware around . spat reluctantly comply and the official frisk he . second official ( continue ) okay - you be clean . spat ( tapping official 's pocket ) you be not . he pull a automatic out of the official 's shoulder holster , toss it into a wire basket which already hold a large collection of hardware . the official glare at he , then turn and run he hand down the first henchman . he feel something at the bottom of one of he knicker , pull elastic cuff . a gun drop out . first henchman it be not load . the official pull the elastic of the other knicker , and several dozen bullet drop to the floor . the official kick they away , face the henchman with the golf bag . second official what 's in there ? second henchman my golf club . putter , niblick , number three iron - the official pull a submachine gun out of the bag . second official what 's this ? second henchman my mashie . spat emerge from behind the screen . paradise ( still toss coin ) see you at the banquet , spat . spat look at the young punk contemptuously , snatch the coin out of the air . spat where do you pick up that cheap trick ? ( drop the coin in the kid 's breast pocket ) come on , boy . he and he henchmen start across the lobby toward the reception counter . as they pass mulligan , he rise . mulligan well , spat Colombo - if I be see one . spat hello , copper . what bring you down to Florida ? mulligan I hear you opera-lover be have a little rally - so I think I better be around in case anybody decide to sing . spat Big joke ! mulligan say , maestro - where be you at three o'clock on St. Valentine 's Day ? spat I ? I be at rigoletto . mulligan what 's he first name ? and where do he live ? spat that 's a opera , you ignoramus . mulligan where do they play it - in a garage on Clark Street ? spat Clark Street ? never hear of it . mulligan ever hear of the deluxe french cleaner on wabash Avenue ? spat why ? mulligan because the day after the shoot you send in a pair of spat - they have blood on they . spat I cut myself shave . mulligan you shave with you spat on ? spat I sleep with my spat on . mulligan quit kid . you do that vulcanize job on toothpick Charlie - and we know it . spat you and who else ? mulligan I and that two witness whom you lawyer have be look for all over Chicago . spat you boy know anything about any garage - or any witness ? first henchman we ? we be with you at rigoletto 's . mulligan do not worry , spat . one of this day we will dig up that two guy . spat that 's what you will have to do - dig them up ! he lead he boy away from mulligan toward the reception desk . the elevator door open , and among the passenger step out be Joe and Jerry , in they summer dress . Joe be carry they room key . jerry ( indicate diamond bracelet on wrist ) I feel like such a tramp - take jewelry from a man under false pretense . joe get it while you be young . and you better fix you lip . you want to look nice for osgood , do not you ? Jerry stop , take a mirror and lipstick out of he handbag , start to touch up he lip . jerry it 's just go to break he heart when he find out I can not marry he . joe so ? it 's go to break sugar 's heart when she find out I be not a millionaire . that 's life . you can not make a omelette without break a egg . jerry what be you give I with the omelette ? joe nag , nag , nag . look , we get a yacht , we get a bracelet , you get osgood , I have get sugar - we be really cooking . jerry ( he eye transfix by something he see in the mirror ) Joe - joe what ? what Jerry see in the mirror be spat Colombo and the four henchmen . jerry something tell I the omelette be about to hit the fan . he nod in the direction of the reception desk . Joe look , see what Jerry have see , then - joe come on , daphne . with as much grace as they can muster , they hurry back toward the elevator . the door be just open , and we bellhops come back out , trundle a old man in a wheelchair . the old man wear a Panama hat , dark glass , and be cover up to he chin with a plaid blanket . Joe and Jerry almost fall over the invalid in they haste to get to the elevator . 67 . int . elevator - ( continuous ) - day . 67 . Joe and Jerry scramble inside . joe go up . as the elevator operator start to close the door , he be arrest by - spat ' voice hold it . Joe and Jerry freeze as spat step into the elevator , follow by the four henchmen . spat I do not mean to be forward - but be not I have the pleasure of meeting you two broad before ? joe oh , no ! jerry you must be think of two other broad . second henchman you ever be in Chicago ? jerry we ? we would not be catch dead in Chicago . spat , he interest arouse , be now also study the two boy . to they relief , the elevator stop and the operator open the door . operator third floor . first henchman ( to the boy ) what floor be you on ? joe never you mind . he wave they away with the hand hold the room key . the henchman glance at the numbered tag . first henchman room 413 - we will be in touch . he follow the other out . jerry ( coyly ) do not call we - we will call you . as the elevator door start to close , spat glance over he shoulder toward the boy , frown thoughtfully . in the elevator , Joe and Jerry look at each other , swallow hard . dissolve to : 68 . int . room 413 - day . 68. Joe and Jerry be frantically dump they clothes into two open suitcase on the bed . jerry I tell you , Joe , they be on to we . they be go to line we up against the wall and - ( imitate machine gun ) eh-eh - eh - eh-eh - and then the police be go to find two dead dame , and they be go to take we to the lady ' morgue , and when they undress we - I tell you , Joe , I be just go to die of shame . joe shut up and keep pack . jerry okay , Joe . he pick up a orchid corsage , in a transparent box , from the desk , start to put it into the suitcase . joe ( grab it ) not that , you idiot . jerry but they be from osgood . he want I to wear they tonight . Joe toss the corsage box into the waste basket . Jerry start to pack the maraca . jerry I will never find another man who 's so good to I . Joe fish out bienstock 's yachting cap from under the bed , turn it over in he hand , lose in think . jerry ( continue ) Joe , if we get out of this hotel alive , you know what we be go to do ? we be go to sell the bracelet , and grab a boat to South America and hide out in one of that banana republic - ( remove bracelet , put it in jewel case on desk ) the way I figure be , if we eat nothing but bananas , we can live there for fifty year - maybe a hundred year - that be , if we get out of the hotel alive . ( look around ) do we forget anything ? joe ( still study cap ) there 's we shave stuff - and there 's sugar . jerry sugar ? joe ( pick up phone ) get I room 414 . jerry what do you think you be do ? make a telephone call . jerry telephone call ? who 's get time for that ? joe we can not just walk out on she without say goodbye . jerry since when ? usually you leave them with nothing but a kick in the tooth . joe that 's when I be a saxophone player . now I be a millionaire . jerry Drop she a postcard . any minute now that gorilla may be up here - joe ( into telephone , in a Southern female voice ) hello , room 414 ? this be the ship - to-shore operator - I have a call for miss sugar cane . 69 . int . room 414 - ( continuous ) - day . 69 . dolore , in a robe and hair -curler , be at the phone . sugar , in a negligee , be stretch out on she bed , dreamily read a copy of vanity Fair . dolore hey , sugar , it 's for you - from the yacht . sugar jump up , grab the phone eagerly . sugar hello ? 70 . int . room 413 - ( continuous ) - day . 70 . Jerry be watch Joe on the phone . joe ( cary grant once more ) hello , my dearest darling . so good to hear you voice again . jerry I may throw up . he disappear into the bathroom . joe ( into phone ) no , I do not , darling - to tell the truth , I never close a eye . as he and sugar continue , they telephone conversation , intercut between the two room . sugar that 's funny - I never sleep better . and I have the most wonderful dream . I be still on the yacht , and the anchor break loose - and we drift for day and day - you be the captain and I be the crew - I keep a lookout for iceberg , and I sort you shell , and mix you cocktail , and wipe the steam off you glass - and when I wake up , I feel like swim right back to you . joe yes . now about we date for tonight ... sugar I will meet you on the pier again - right after the show . joe I be afraid not . I can not make it tonight . sugar tomorrow night ? joe not tomorrow , either . you see , I have to leave - something unexpected come up - I be sailing right away . sugar where to ? South America ? oh . that be unexpected . joe you see , we have that oil interest in Venezuela - and I just get a cable from dad - the board of director decide on a merger . sugar a merger ? how long will you be go ? joe quite a while . as a matter of fact , I be not come back at all . sugar you be not ? joe it 's all rather complicated - what we call high finance - but it so happen that the president of the venezuelan syndicate have a daughter , and - sugar oh - that kind of a merger . be she young ? pretty ? joe accord to we tax adviser , she 's only so-so . but - that 's the way the oil gush . a man in my position have a certain responsibility to the stockholder - all that little people who invest they life savings - sugar oh , of course . I understand . at least , I think I do . 71 . joe - on phone . 71 . joe I know you would . he pick up the jewel case with the diamond bracelet from the desk , study it thoughtfully . joe ( continue ) I only wish there be something I could do for you . 72 . sugar - on phone . 72 . sugar but you have . you have give I all that inside information - first thing tomorrow I be go to call my broker and have he buy fifty thousand share of venezuelan oil . 73 . int . room 413 - ( continuous ) - day . 73. joe ( into phone ) smart move . ( reach into waste basket , extract corsage box ) oh , by the way - do you get my flower ? you know , that orchid from my greenhouse - the fog finally lift over Long Island , and they fly they down this morning . as he talk he open the corsage box , put the bracelet in with the orchid , close it again . joe ( continue ) that 's strange - I send they to you room - they should have be deliver by now - holding the phone in one hand and the corsage box in the other , he move toward the hall door . 74 . int . room 414 - ( continuous ) - day . 74 . sugar cover the mouthpiece of the phone , turn to dolore . sugar hey , dolore - will you see if there be any flower outside ? dolore start toward the hall door . 75 . int . FOURTH floor corridor - day . 75 . the door of 413 open . Joe , have come as far as the length of the telephone cord will permit , set the corsage box down , kick it across the hall to the door of 414 . as he close he door , the door of 414 open . dolore reach out , pick up the corsage box , start back inside . 76 . int . room 414 - ( continuous ) - day . 76 . dolore bring the corsage box to sugar . sugar ( into phone ) yes , they be here . ( open box ) oh - white orchid . would you believe it - I have not have white orchid since I be a debutante . ( find bracelet ) what 's this ? 77 . joe - on phone . 77 . joe what 's what ? oh , that . just a little go away present . 78 . sugar - on phone . 78 . sugar Real diamond . they must be worth they weight in gold . be you always this generous ? 79 . joe - on phone . 79 . joe not always . but I want you to know I be very grateful for what you do for I . 80 . sugar - on phone . 80. sugar I do not do anything . it just happen . 81 . int . room 413 - ( continuous ) - day . 81. Jerry emerge from bathroom , carry they toilet article and a armful of towel embroider with seminole -ritz HOTEL . joe ( into phone ) oh . the navigator just come in - we be ready to cast off . 82 . sugar - on phone . 82. sugar well , anchor aweigh , you have a bon voyage . and if you need a orchestra to play at you wedding , we will be through here in a couple of week . 83 . int . room 413 - ( continuous ) - day . 83. joe ( into phone ) Goodbye , my darling . he hang up , stare moodily at the phone . Jerry shut he suitcase . jerry I do not know about the captain - but the navigator be get he tail out of here . joe ( snap out of he trance ) yeah - let shove off . they start to gather up they instrument and luggage . jerry wait a minute - my bracelet . ( pick up jewel case , shut it , then realize it 's empty ) what happen to my bracelet ? joe what do you mean , you bracelet ? it 's we bracelet . jerry all right . what happen to we bracelet ? joe do not worry . we do the right thing with it . jerry what do we do ? Joe , you be not pull one of you old trick . joe no trick , no mirror , nothing up my sleeve . it 's on the level this time . the door open and sugar come in . the boy whirl around . sugar where 's that bourbon ? she head straight for the bureau , start to open various drawer . Joe step in front of the suitcase to conceal they from she . joe what 's the matter , sugar ? sugar I do not know . all of a sudden , I be thirsty . Joe fish the hot-water bottle out of the open suitcase behind he , hand it to sugar . as she reach for it , Jerry notice the diamond bracelet on she wrist . jerry ( point ) how do you get that bracelet ? sugar you like it ? jerry I always do . sugar junior give it to I . it must have at least thirty stone - jerry ( promptly ) thirty -four . sugar he 's go to South America to marry some other girl - that 's what they call high finance . jerry that 's what I call a louse ! if I be you , sugar , I would throw that bracelet right back in he face . joe ( admonishingly ) daphne - sugar he be the first nice guy I ever meet in my life - and the only one who ever give I anything . joe you will forget he , sugar . sugar how can I ? no matter where I go , there will always be a Shell station on the corner . ( indicate hot -water bottle ) I will bring this back when it 's empty . she exit . Jerry turn on Joe furiously . jerry you crazy or something ? the place be crawl with mobster - gangrene be set in - and you be make like diamond Jim brady ! how be we go to get out of here ? how be we go to eat ? joe we will walk . and if we have to , we will starve . jerry there you go with that we again . he pick up he suitcase , start toward the door . Joe grab he and pull he back . joe not that way . ( head for window ) we do not want to run into spat and he chum . he step through the open french window onto the balcony . Jerry start to hand out the instrument and luggage to he . 84 . int . spat ' suite - day . 84 . the four henchmen , in dinner clothes be play card in the lavishly appoint live room when spat emerge from the bedroom . he be just slip into he tuxedo coat , and he spat be unbuttone . spat ( to second henchman ) you hand clean ? ( the henchman extend he palm up , then turn they over ) okay . button my spat . he drop into a chair , and the second henchman kneel , start to button the spat . first henchman say , boss - I be talk to some of the other delegate - and the word be that Little bonaparte be real sore about what happen to toothpick Charlie . him and Charlie , they use to be choir boy together . spat ( drily ) stop , or I will burst out cry . first henchman he even get Charlie 's last toothpick - the one from the garage - and have it gold - plate . spat like I be tell you - Little bonaparte be get soft . ( tap he chest ) he do not have it here any more . use to be like a rock . ( shaking he head ) too bad . I think it 's time for he to retire . second henchman second the motion . first henchman how be we go to retire he ? spat we will think of something cute . one of this day , Little bonaparte and toothpick Charlie will be sing in the same choir again . he point up . outside the window , Joe appear , climb down a post from the floor above . he land on the balcony , reach up for the instrument and suitcase which the unseen Jerry be pass down to he . spat and this time , we will make sure there be no witness . the first henchman glance out the window , see Jerry climb down the post to join Joe . first henchman look - it 's that two broad from the elevator . spat turn and look . the second henchman , beam , cross to the window , call out . second henchman hey - join we ! Joe and Jerry , panic-stricken , peer through the venetian blind at spat and he mob . then they scramble for they life over the railing of the balcony and down , they hat and wig knock askew . second henchman what 's the matter with that dame ? spat maybe that dame be not dame ! he yank up the venetian blind , step quickly out onto the balcony , look down over the railing . then he pick up the bull - fiddle , drag it through the window into the room . spat same face - same instrument - ( point at bullet hole ) - and here 's you Valentine 's card . first henchman ( catch on ) that two musician from the garage ! spat they would not be catch dead in Chicago - so we will finish the job here . come on . led by spat , they all dash out of the room . after a moment , Joe 's and Jerry 's head appear cautiously over the balcony railing . see that the room be empty , they climb up , rush in through the open window . jerry all right - so what do we do now ? joe first thing we get to do be get out of this clothes . he open the door to the corridor and they peer out . 85 . int . third floor corridor - day . 85 . there be no sign of spat and he boy . the elevator door be just open , and the bellhop emerge , push the old man in the wheelchair . Joe and Jerry watch as the bellhop wheel the old man into one of the room . they look at each other , as the same idea occur to they both , nod they head in agreement . slip out of spat ' room , they cross the corridor to the old man 's room , start inside . dissolve to : 86 . int . lobby - day . 86 . the elevator door open , and a bellhop back out with a man in a wheel chair . as they turn into camera , we discover that the bellhop be Jerry - the uniform fitting he much too snugly - and the blanket - cover figure in the wheel chair be Joe , dress in the old man 's suit , Panama hat , and dark glass . as Jerry and Joe proceed with dignity toward the front door , we see spat and he henchmen deploy in strategic position around the lobby . Jerry wheel Joe past spat . spat glance at they casually , then become aware of a strange clacking SOUND . he look down . there be something decidedly odd about the bellhop - because he trouser - leg terminate in high -heeled shoe . spat , grin smugly , signal the two henchmen who be guard the front door . they start to close in on Joe and Jerry . Jerry abruptly spin the wheel chair around , trundle it toward the rear of the lobby . the other to henchmen take up the chase . Jerry and Joe disappear into a corridor lead toward the rear of the hotel . as the pursue henchmen start to turn into the corridor , the empty wheel chair come whizzing toward they . the henchmen stumble over it , become momentarily entangle . Joe and Jerry , sprinting down the corridor , reach a open door , dart inside . the henchmen come racing up , and pass the door , round a bend in the corridor . 87 . int . pantry - day . 87 . in the center of the room stand a huge cake , and two convention official be decorate it under the watchful eye of johnny paradise , who lean against the wall monotonously toss a coin into the air . one of the official , wield a confectioner 's cone , have almost finish lettering the inscription happy birthday , spat . Joe and Jerry burst in from the corridor , and the three hood look up , startle . before they can recover , the boy have scoot across the room and out another door . 88 . int . banquet room - day . 88. Joe and Jerry come dash in breathlessly , stop to get they bearing . dominate the room be a U -shape table , cover with flower and about thirty place - setting , with a half grapefruit on each plate . on the wall behind the head of the table be the banner welcoming the Friends of italian Opera . the boy glance around the empty room , make a beeline for the main entrance . as they reach the door , it start to open , and voice be heard from the corridor . they turn desperately toward a second door , but that too be open . trapped , they duck under the banquet table , disappear behind the long white tablecloth just as the banqueteer start to troop in . they be the same mug we see in the lobby , but they be now dress in tuxedo or white dinner jacket . chatt amiably , they move to they place at the table . under the table , Joe and Jerry huddle together as the delegate start to seat themselves . suddenly a pair of leg slide beneath the tablecloth directly in front of they - and the boy recoil when they see that the owner 's shoe be encase in spat . spat Colombo be settling himself at the table , while he four henchmen take the seat on either side of he . spat what happen ? first henchman I and tiny , we have they cornere - but we lose them in the shuffle . spat ( turn to other two henchmen ) where be you guy ? second henchman we ? we be with you at rigoletto 's . spat why , you stupid - he pick up the half - grapefruit in front of he , and be about to ram it in the henchman 's face . first henchman it 's all right , boss - we will get them after the banquet . they can not be too far away . under the table , Joe and Jerry exchange a panicky look . there be a burst of applause from the delegate as through the door stride little bonaparte , accompany by half a dozen convention official . Little bonaparte be short , bald , vicious , and wear a hearing aid . as he proceed toward the head of the table , he pose be napoleonic - head bow , hand clasped behind he back . spat and he henchmen pointedly abstain from applaud . Little bonaparte remain stand at the place of honor while he associate seat themselves . bonaparte thank you , fellow opera-lover . it 's be ten year since I elect myself president of this organization - and if I say so myself , you make the right choice . let 's look at the record . we have fight off the crackpot who want to repeal prohibition and destroy the american home - by bring the corner saloon . we have stamp out the fly-by-night operator who endangered public health by brewing gin in they own bathtub , which be very unsanitary . we have make a real contribution to national prosperity - we be help the automobile industry by buy all that truck , the glass industry by use all that bottle , and the steel industry - you know , all that corkscrews . and what 's good for the country be good for we . in the last fiscal year , we income be a hundred and twelve million dollar before tax - only we be not pay no tax . the delegate applaud . bonaparte ( continue ) of course , like in every business , we have have we little misunderstandings . let we now rise and observe one minute of silence in memory of seven of we member from Chicago - North side chapter - who be unable to be with we tonight on account of be rubbed out . all the delegate rise and bow they head - except spat and he henchmen . bonaparte ( continue ; sharply ) you too , spat . up ! spat and he boy get up reluctantly , join the other in silent tribute . 89 . int . pantry - day . 89 . the inscribe top of the cake have be lift off to reveal a hollow interior . johnny paradise be climb inside . second official easy now . you know when you come out ? paradise yeah . the second time they sing - ( sing ) for he 's a jolly good fel - low which nobody can deny . second official okay . ( hand he a submachine gun ) and do not mess up the cake - I promise to bring back a piece to my kid . johnny paradise squat down inside the cake . the official set the lid back in place . 90 . int . banquet room - day . 91 . the minute of silence be over , and the delegate be seating themselves . Little bonaparte remain on he foot . bonaparte now , fellow delegate , there come a time in the life of every business executive when he start to think about retirement . there be ad lib cry of " no ! no ! " from the delegate . Little bonaparte hold up he hand . bonaparte ( continue ) in look around for somebody to fill my shoe , I have be consider several candidate . for instance , there be a certain party from Chicago - South side chapter . he glance in the direction of spat . spat ' henchmen turn and look at they boss . bonaparte ( continue ) now some people say he 's get a little too big for he spat - but I say he 's a man who will go far . some people say he 's go too far - but I say you can not keep a good man down . of course , he still have a lot to learn . that big noise he make on St. Valentine 's Day - that be not very good for public relation . and let that two witness get away - that sure be careless . under the table , Joe and Jerry try to make themselves as small as possible . spat do not worry about that two guy - they be as good as dead - I almost catch up with they today . bonaparte ( turn on hearing aid ) you mean you let they get away twice ? ( click he tongue ) some people would say that be real sloppy - but I say to err be human , to forgive divine . and you , spat - the boy tell I you be have a birthday - so we baked you a little cake . spat my birthday ? it be not for another four month . bonaparte so we be a little early . so what 's a few month between friend ? ( turn to the other ) all right , boy - now all together - ( sing ) for he 's a jolly good fellow .... the other delegate , include spat ' henchmen , join in the song . the light be extinguish , and from the pantry come the two official , push a cart on which stand the cake , with candle blaze . they wheel the cake up directly in front of spat , who eye it uneasily . Little bonaparte , meanwhile , be conduct the song with relish . as the singer reach the climactic line , the top of the cake tear open and out pop johnny paradise . aiming he machine gun at spat and he henchmen , he start blaze away . under the table , Joe and Jerry cringe . Little bonaparte wince , turn down the volume of he hearing aid - he can not stand loud noise . spat ' four henchmen have slump across the table . spat be clutching he chest . spat Big joke ! his eye close , and he start to slip out of he chair . under the table , Joe and Jerry react as spat ' body come slide toward they , foot first . joe let 's get out of here . he grab Jerry , pull he out from under the table . the delegate , who be watch johnny paradise scramble out of the cake , be momentarily off guard as Joe and Jerry streak across the darken banquet room toward the pantry door . bonaparte get that two guy ! four of the official rush into the pantry after Joe and Jerry . at the same time , the main door open , and mulligan stride in . stand in the corridor behind he be several frighten waiter . mulligan switch on the light , look down at the five corpse . mulligan what happen here ? bonaparte ( blandly ) there be something in that cake that do not agree with they . mulligan cross to the cake , glance inside , then turn to Little bonaparte . mulligan my compliment to the chef . and nobody 's leave this room till I get the recipe ! bonaparte you want to make a Federal case out of it ? mulligan ( grab hearing aid , yell into mike ) yeah ! 91 . int . lobby - night . 91 . Joe and Jerry bolt out of the rear corridor , go pound up the stair , follow by two of the official . as they disappear from sight , camera pan over to the elevator . the door open , and out step Joe and Jerry , wear they wig and girl ' coat . as the boy mince daintily toward the front door , they see the other two official come toward they . they change they course abruptly . the first two official come hurry down the stair . first official they slip right through we hand . second official do not worry . we get we guy watch the railroad station , the road , the airport - they can not get away . jerry ( to Joe , in a hoarse whisper ) do you hear that ? joe yeah , but they be not watch yacht . come on - you be go to call osgood . he steer Jerry toward a row of telephone booth near the entrance to the ballroom . there be a easel sign outside announce that sweet Sue and she Society syncopator be appear nightly in the peacock room , and from inside come the SOUND of music . jerry what will I tell he ? joe tell he you be go to elope with he . jerry elope ? but there be law - convention - joe ( jerk he thumb over he shoulder ) there 's a convention , all right . there 's also the lady ' morgue . he shove Jerry toward a phone booth . Jerry reach under he coat for a coin , revealing the roll up trousers of the bellhop uniform underneath . as he step into the phone booth , Joe become aware of the SOUND of sugar 's voice drift up from the ballroom . she be sing " i'm through with love . " almost despite himself , Joe find himself draw toward the ballroom entrance . 92 . int . ballroom - night . 92 . Joe appear in the vestibule at the top of the stair , look down . from he point of view , we see sugar perch on top of the piano , bath in a spotlight . she be a little drunk , and more than a little blue , and she be sing the lyric with heartbreaking conviction . Joe , watch she from the landing , be deeply move . slowly , he start down the step . one the bandstand , sugar be wind up the torchy ballad , when suddenly Joe step into the spotlight . without a word , he take she in he arm , kiss she . sugar ( shocked ) josephine !! nearby , sweet Sue be watch open-mouthed . sue ( scream ) bienstock ! bienstock , who be stand near the reservation desk , turn and peer myopically toward the bandstand . at the same time , two of the convention official come up behind he . second official ( point ) hey - that 's no dame ! he and he companion rush toward the bandstand . on the bandstand , Joe be brush a tear away from sugar 's cheek . joe ( in a male voice ) none of that , sugar - no guy be worth it . he catch sight of the two official bear down on he , leaping from the bandstand , shoulder he way through the couple on the dance floor . with the two official on he heel , Joe gallop up the stair . on the bandstand , all be confusion , as the girl stop play and stand up . sugar be stare after Joe in complete bewilderment . sugar josephine ??? suddenly it dawns on she - that kiss ! her eye widen , she hand fly to she mouth , and she look with grow comprehension at the bracelet on she wrist . 93 . int . lobby - night . 93 . Jerry be just step out of the phone booth when Joe burst out of the ballroom entrance . jerry it 's all fix ! osgood be meeting we on the pier - joe we be not on the pier yet - he grab Jerry , and they take off across the lobby , as they pursuer appear behind they . the boy head for the front door , but find they way block by the other two official , they reverse they field and hotfoot it toward the rear corridor . the four official converge on they trail . Joe and Jerry charge down the rear corridor , go skid around the corner . as the official come tooling after they , two ambulance attendant round the turn in the corridor , push a wheeled stretcher . on the slap be a boy , cover with a sheet that hang down the side , and stick out from the end of the sheet be a pair of spat-cover shoe . the four official make way for this grisly cargo , then resume the chase . as the ambulance attendant wheel the stretcher toward the lobby , the trail sheet lift up , and Joe and Jerry , who have be cling to the under - carriage , hop out . they tear across the lobby and scoot out the front door . dissolve to : 94 . ext . pier - night . 94 . osgood be wait impatiently on the pier . he hear something , look off toward the beach . Jerry and Joe , still wear they wig and girl ' coat , come scramble down the step , race across the planking toward the pier . on the pier , osgood 's face light up . Jerry come puffing up the stair , follow by Joe . jerry this be my friend josephine - she 's go to be a bridesmay . osgood please to meet you . jerry ( grab he ) come one ! he practically drag osgood down the stair lead to the motorboat . osgood ( over he shoulder , to Joe ) she 's so eager ! swoop down from the beach on a bicycle come sugar , pump like mad . the bicycle bounce down the step , and sugar pedal across the planking , sounding she horn . osgood and Jerry have settle themselves in the front seat of the motorboat , and Joe be get into the rear seat when he hear the SOUND of the bicycle horn . he look back . osgood start the motor . sugar come racing up the stair tot he pier , lean over the railing . sugar ( call down ) wait for sugar ! she hurry toward the other staircase . in the motorboat , osgood turn to Jerry . osgood another bridesmay ? jerry flower girl . sugar come charge down the stair , start to get into the rear seat beside Joe . joe sugar ! what do you think you be do ? sugar I tell you - I be not very bright . jerry ( clap osgood on the back ) let 's go ! the motorboat take off with a roar . 95 . ext . motorboat - night . 95 . in the back seat , Joe be remove he wig and coat . joe you do not want I , sugar - I be a liar and a phony - a saxophone player - one of that no - goodnick you have be run away from - sugar I know . ( hit she head ) every time ! joe do yourself a favor - go back where the millionaire be - the sweet end of the lollipop - not the cole slaw in the face and the old sock and the squeeze - out tube of toothpaste - sugar that 's right - pour it on . ( twine she arm around he neck ) talk I out of it . she kiss he resoundingly , bend he over backwards till they be both practically out of sight . up front , osgood be blithely steering the boat , keep he eye straight ahead . Jerry be look over he shoulder at the activity in the back seat . osgood I call mama - she be so happy she cry - she want you to have she wedding gown - it 's white lace . jerry ( steeling himself ) osgood - I can not get marry in you mother 's dress . she and I - we ' not build the same way . osgood we can have it alter . jerry ( firmly ) oh , no you do not ! look , osgood - I be go to level with you . we can not get marry at all . osgood why not ? jerry well , to begin with , I be not a natural blonde . osgood ( tolerantly ) it do not matter . jerry and I smoke . I smoke all the time . osgood I do not care . jerry and I have a terrible past . for three year now , I have be live with a saxophone player . osgood I forgive you . jerry ( with grow desperation ) and I can never have child . osgood we will adopt some . jerry but you do not understand ! ( he rip off he wig ; in a male voice ) I be a man ! osgood ( oblivious ) well - nobody 's perfect . Jerry look at osgood , who be grin from ear to ear , clap he hand to he forehead . how be he go to get himself out of this ? but that 's another story - and we be not quite sure the public be ready for it . fade out the end