'' something wicked this way come " base on the book by ray bradbury prod. 0233 screenplay by ray bradbury revise 8/24/81 " something wicked this way come " prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 fade in : MAIN title over int . school classroom - GREEN town - day — _ — — ren own ~ day a big , almost empty schoolroom in a small american town in a timeless age between the late 1920 's and the early 1930' . the silence be underline by the breathy tick of a schoolroom clock and the scratching of two pen . we see two young boy sit at they desk write . they name be will halloway and jim nightshade . will be as fair as Jim be dark . the only other person in the room be miss foley , the schoolmistress . she be about forty , very plain indeed , with a dress buttone up to she neck and a expression of sadness . on the blackboard behind she , in copperplate handwrite , be the line that the boy have to write out as a punish= - ment : " we must not whisper to each other in class . " another angle we see will , he paper cover with the line , write out the last of they . then we see Jim . he be draw on a odd sheet of paper , a cruel caricature of miss foley , she beaky nose , she jutting chin . as Jim finish draw , he hear a step behind he and , open the lid of he desk a erack , slide the draw in . another angle miss foley have leave she desk and be stand behind the boy . title end miss foley finish ? jim and will yes , miss foley . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 2. 1 continued miss foley then you may leave . quietly . and let this be a lesson to the both of you . I will not have whisper . will ( get up ) thank you , miss foley . they clatter out of the room , gather speed as they reach the door . jim ( as he go ) sweet dream , miss foley ! they be go . miss poley open the lid of Jim 's desk and look down at the caricature of herself , she plain face set and expressionless . she look up as she hear the door open o.s. another angle the school janitor enter carry a bucket and brush . he hesitates see miss poley . janitor oh , 'scuse I - I think - miss foley no , it 's quite all right . I must be off anyway . ( as she go to col - lect she hat and coat ) my little nephew 's come to stay . have not see he since he be a baby ... janitor ( bored ) that 's nice . he start sweeping up , as : 2 ext . schoolhouse and STREET - GREEN town ~ day — _ — _ — — _ — _ — _ — _ ee SE _green town ~ day we see will and Jim , one light , one dark , both good friend , each smart enough not to beat the other , run , leaping fire hydrant , vaulting iron railing , thundering on pavement lid . continued prod . 0233 ~ 8/24/81 3. {lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued 2 a vast wind blow through the town and around the boy , send leave and odd bit of paper swirl up from the gutter , banging window . it seem to lift the boy as they run , arm out , leaping and turn like young pony gallop free in the swirl air . jim ( jump ) jump higher and you ! * will never ! jim of course I can . I be older ! will ( run ) not older ! we be bear the same night . * jim ( run , breathless ) yeah , but I be bear one minute to midnight and you be not * bear until a minute after . another angle will run at a low wooden fence , try to vault it , ae miss and end roll in the dust . Jim look down at he , triumphant . jim you see ? will get up , scowl at Jim darkly , furious . will I will not always be young than you ! jim oh yes you will . until the day you die . two minute young ! Race you to the library ! prod . 0233 - 8/24/81 4. ext . MAIN STREET - GREEN town - day ss _ GREEN town - day the pounding feet of the two boy run in a cloud of leave down the Main Street . another angle - the boy run past : mr . crosetti's barbershop with its revolve pole . and then run by : mr. tetley' cigar store outside which two men be deliver crate of cigar down a chute through a open grille . the wind be rock the carve wooden figure of a indian outside on the street . they race on past : a funeral parlor and - a SMALL bar outside which they almost collide with : ed , a onenarm , one - legge young man who wear a singlet . his chest be massive , as be he still - good right arm . the boy look at he as they run , they face light with hero - love . Jim wave at Ed . Ed wink at they and laugh as they run on toward : the library outside which tom FURY , a lightning rod salesman , a untidy , bright - eye man , be hold a lightning rod and have a bag of rod at he foot . a few townspeople be listen to he sale talk and we hold he in b.g. as Jim and will go into they final spurt towrd the library . tom FURY Hell fire storm 's a ' comin' . a electric storm . to clean you street and wash away you trouble . the boy race up to the library door , impose door between two carve stone lion . they hit the door handle simultaneously . will and jim tie ! continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 5. 3 continued they turn for a moment and watch Tom fury as he continue : tom FURY I can sniff out which of you old home be in danger ! some folk draw lightning to they as a cat suck in a baby 's breath ! I get the only lightning rod in . the world that can sass back any storm . the boy turn away , push open the door into : 4 int . library - day Long aisle of mysterious stack of book . a notice say : " silence " . in the stack , a man stand , check - ing book from a list he be hold . he be charle halloway , a man in he early fifty . he look up at the SOUND of a book be drop . another angle as he see will try to tiptoe past in the small space between two book rack . balloway hello , son . will ( disappointed ) you see I . halloway fold up he list ana move towards he son . he be smile , as if anxious to make contact with some - one whose reaction to he he 's not sure of . halloway what can I find you that you will want to read all night under the cover ? ( he pull down a book from the shelf ) what be you after , eh? traveler to the North pole ? Arctic explorer . Wild West , eh? Zane grey ! adventure ... will ( look at he ) I do not think so , dad . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 6. 4 continued halloway I think all boy like ad - venture . will I do not know . do all father ? a shadow flicker across halloway 's face . then he look up as : another angle Jim appear from a high , book -line gallery . oim mine sure do . he 's in Africa right now . but he 's come back real soon . . halloway ( courteously ignore what he know to be Jim 's lie ) Young Jim nightshade . what can I find you ? he look along a shelf as : oim my father 's bring I a parrot . the letter say a green and yellow parrot . and a war drum . oh , yes , and a shrunken head . you ever see a shrunken head ? will only yours . halloway ( still look along the shelf ) " drum of doom " ? " the saga of the Thunder lizard ? " jim no thanks , Mr. halloway . some - thing about headhunter - they be my father 's friend right now . ext . entrance to library -~ day rare = day the boy , carry they book , come out onto the stone step . will look at Jim . continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 7. 5 continued will : you do not get no letter at all , Jim . I never see a mailman at you house . jim so ? sailor do not get all that time for write ! he 's sail ten time round the world ! will look , who be you fool ? you father do not ever write . jim that 's better than a father who 's afraid to swim . will my father 's not afraid of any - thing ! he 's a bit old , that 's all . that do not mean he 's afraid ... jim do not it ? will anyway , my father 's here . your be not come back , be he ? not ever . jim ( to himself ) one day . you will see ... ( pause ) ssshhh !... listen . can you hear ? will what be it ? jim listen ! why doe not you ever listen ? will I be ... jim like music . we hear it now . just a instant - the very faint SOUND of Fair music . a calliope . then it 's go . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 8. 5 6/7 continued ~ 1 : 5 will do not hear no music . it 's that old wind again . jim ( shake he head ) oh , come on . Jim have take a whistle from he pocket , put it in he mouth and run off , blow a piercing blast . will , also blow a whistle , run after he full pelt . omitted 6/7 ext . halloway and nigetshade house - day — S — — — — — — ee ts = _ dal two house side by side , they roof almost touch . Old house with tree and ivy cover they . Tom fury be stand with he bag of lightning rod outside the nightshade house ; he be sniff the air . will and Jim , still carry they book , come run round the corner of the sidewalk . they reach Tom fury . FURY you live hereabout , boy ? will this be we house . FURY one of which , ag I listen to it , have murmure timber . can not you hear it ? there 's a dry old attic here which call out to drink the lightning . who tell you ? Tom pury tell you . fury ! ai not that a fine name for a storm fire ? do I choose the name or do the name fire I to my occupation ?... you house need protection . oim which house ? fury sniff the air , point to Jim 's house . FURY this one ! continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 9. & continued will ( disappointed ) it 's he house ... FURY you name , gentleman ? will jim will halloway . Jim nightshade . FURY then you go right on in , Mr. Jim nightshade , sir , and tell you father Mr. Tom fury of the lightning rod present he compliment and this house be in the need of very urgent protection . jim all right . I will tell my father that . will ( look at Jim , appal by he lie ) Jim ! jim ( look at will coolly ) you want to . say something , will halloway ? during this , mrs . halloway have appear on the porch . she be a quiet , peaceful - look woman , a good deal young than she husband . she call to will : mrs . halloway will ! what keep you so late ? you supper 's ready . will turn reluctantly and go . Jim head for he own front door , open it and let himself in . 9 int . mrs . nightshade's bedroom - day — — — i bedroom — day mrs . nightshade , a once pretty middle - age woman grow plump and lazy , be lie in bed drink tea and feed a fat and idle cat , who be snoozing on she eiderdow , with bit of biscuit . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 10 . 10 11 continued 9 she hear the front door open 0.8. and call wearily through the open bedroom door : . mrs . nightshade Jim ? be that you , Jim ? jim o.s. yes , Mom . Mrs. nightshade stroke the cat who be stir and mewin mrs . nightshade tyb ... tyb ... tyb ... my darling tybalt . what 's the matter , beautiful ? ( she feed biscuit to the cat and call out to Jim ) can you find yourself something to eat , Jim ? I be just tired out . no answer from Jim . Mrs. nightshade call again : mrs . nightshade what be you do , : Jim ? cat get you tongue ? int . kitchen - nightshade house - day lo — — — — — — eee ee Jim be by the sideboard - a untidy sideboard in a untidy room . he look behind the clock and call out through the epen door : jim we be buy a lightning rod , Mom . mrs . halloway 0.s. ( wearily ) do not make joke , Jim . please . you know my nerve can not stand it if you make joke . Jim pull some dollar bill out from behind the clock . ext . nightshade house - day il ee , rouse = day Tom fury be wait . Jim come out with money in he hand . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 : will . 11 continued il jim my father say yes ... tom FURY well do , boy . ( he offer a rod cover with strange mark ) which will you have ? this one 's get old chinese hentracks on she ! a rod invent to catch the sizzling lightning ... jim ( interrupt ; point to another rod ) we will have the one with the beetle on there . like a egyptian scarab . tom FURY good boy ! once the lightning rod on the pyramid of Egypt . train for three thousand year to pitch the lightning back to high heaven ! she 's yours for ... how much you get there , boy ? 12 ext . library - day 12 Mr. halloway be lock up the library door . the wind be blow hard . he pat one of the stone lion on the side of the library step as he walk - down they , put the big bunch of key in he pocket and move off across the street . 13 ext . MAIN STREET - cigar store & barbershop - day 13 — — — ee barbershop = day stand outside he store , mr . tetley have just buy a number game ticket from a pass seller . he be look at it lovingly as Mr. halloway come up and pick a cigar fromthe ten cent cigar tray in front of Mr. tetley 's store . tetley eight seven zero ! which surely have to be lucky ! you ever play the number , Mr. halloway ? continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 12. 13 continued 13 Mr. halloway pull out ten cent and throw it down on the counter , put cigar in he pocket , as : halloway never take risk . tetley you should , sir . one day I be go to hit that hundred thou - sand dollar number ! it will not be ten cent cigar for we then , Mr. halloway ! it will be the big import Havana special . roll on the plump brown thigh of Cuban lady , Mr. halloway . 0h , the difference money will make to I . halloway ( smile ) no doubt it will , Mr. tetley . no doubt it will . another angle mr . crosetti , by he light - up barber 's pole , be lock up he shop and sniff at the wind which be blow again . halloway raise he hang to he in greeting . crosetti ( sniff ) you can smell it , can you , Mr. halloway ? halloway smell what ? crosetti powder . Lady 's powder and perfume ! the sweet smell of rustling petticoat . smell to I like we be go to have visitor . elegant people ! beautiful lady ! halloway you will have to make do with the lady we have get here , Mr. crosetti . ( more ) continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 13. 13 continued - 1 13 halloway ( contd . ) this town do not get any visitor . not in October . not much any other time of year , come to that . halloway walk away . crosetti ocall after he ) you know what you need , Mr. halloway ? a touch of crosetti 's Color restorer . make you look year young ! halloway ( thoughtfully as he go ) I wish it be that easy . 14 int . ed' bar ~ day 14 Ed , the one -arm , one - legge bartender , slap the Sports page on the counter . ed Boy , you see what Notre Dame do ? halloway enter . with ritual promptness , Ed pour a- shot glass , hand it to he . halloway , lift the glass , nod to Ed and , beyond he , down the bar to a older man with grey hair , dr . douglas . halloway Ed ... Doc ... ed you know what Northwestern 's douglas gonna do tomorrow ...? ( nod , lift he glass ) remember you heart . just one drink . and one cigar . = D «» - Boy , do not I wish I be out there !... throw ! run! grab ! touchdown ! God , oh ged , man ! halloway ( smile , nod , raise he glass ) to you health , doc. continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 14 . 14 continued 14 halloway drink , Ed toss a football to he . halloway catch it , eye it . close shot - football in halloway' hand it be inscribe with the signature of Ed 's former teammate . back to halloway he eye Ed . this be obviously a daily ritual ... Ed grin at he expectantly . halloway toss the ball . Ed catch it easily . halloway ( admire he ) be not you something ! ed ( beam ) always be ! 15 int . halloway house - live room - dusk 15 eee room = _ dusk Mrs. halloway be sit by the fire , mend . the room be full of book , globe , Maps , etc . will be stand on a chair search on a top shelf . mrs . halloway ( not look up from she mend ) what you want , son ? will dad 's old " atlas of the star " , for my homework . he pull down a dusty book revealing a small metal object behind it on the shelf - a old harmonica . will opick it up ) whose be this ? Mrs. halloway look at he . mrs . halloway that 's you dad 's . however do it get put up there ? will nlook at it , incredulous ) my dad ... use to play the har - monica ? continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 1s . 15 continued 15 mrs . halloway you dad use to do a lot of thing . ( a small sigh} I think , son , you say you have homework . will put the harmonica in he pocket , take the atlas and go . 16 int . will be room - halloway house - dusk 16 will be struggle to do he homework at a table by the window , he " atlas of the star " open . he take the harmonica out of he pocket , blow off the dust , try , and fail to blow a tune . then he hear hammer from outside the window , push it open and lock out . 17 ext . nightshade house - roof - dusk 17 will Pov through window Jim have get up onto the roof of he house and be fix the new lightning rod to the chimney with a hammer and nail . 18 ext . halloway and nightshade house - dusk 18 will call across the narrow space between the house to Jim . will Jim ! Jim do not answer , but will be already start to climb out of the window and into the tree which will get he to Jim 's roof . 19 ext . roof - nightshade house - dusk 19 bang ! Jim strike a nail with a hammer . the wind be blow as will come up onto the roof and join he . Jim be try , ineffectively , to fix the lightning rod and its earthing wire . jim I get half a mind to throw this darn thing away ! will and get yourself burn !? continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 16 . 19 continued 19 Jim straddle the roof , feel the wind , joyful with menace . jim ... yeah ! a great gust interrupt . leave fly . a pink paper throw - away frolic , catch on the lightning rod . the boy grab it . another angle - the throwaway - over boy ' shoulder we can read : " dark pandemonium carnival . arrive october 24th . " will hey ! a carnival ! October 24th ! jim why , that 's tomorrow ! will carnival do not come in October . can not be ! jim is! look ! ( point ) a Dust witch ! will ( snort ) what kind of witch be that ? reverse angle - the two boy hold the paper between they . jim ( think , eye shut ) a witch that be bear in the dust , vaise in the dust and some day ... will and look ! Wild animal ! jim ( open eye , look ) and the most beautifulest woman in the World ! Jim peer at the paper , which glow a fever on he cheek . his eye gleam . will see this . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 17 . 19 20 continued - 1 - 19 will no dirty old carnival have that ! ocim hey ! for will have tear the Paper and toss it to the wind . will lies ! who would go to a dumb thing like that , anyway ? closer on jim he watch the paper cavort away and turn very calm . he turn to leok at he friend . his cheek be feverish . jim +» me. ext . MAIN STREET - ed' bar & funeral parlor - dusk 20 — — — — — a _e_suneral parlor ~ dusk halloway come out of Ed 's bar , stroll down the street . a gust of wind blow a piece of paper against he leg . he pick it up casually - and at the same moment he attention be distract by the SOUND of a door slamm ©.S. he look up to see : the dark figure of a man crossing the street , now and again throw handbills to the window . intrigue , halloway move nearer to the faintly illumi - nate window of a neighbor funeral parlor , look down at the flimsy pink throwaway in he hand . it read : " dark carnival . arriving immediately ! see ! the most beautiful woman in the world ! " halloway 's gaze shift , fix , be amaze . halloway' Pov glow in the dark , inside the shop window , a long clear block of ice lie like a snow - funeral . another angle - over halloway' shoulder halloway step closer . Inside the erystal we can almost see the phantom shape of the most beautiful woman . the ice be hollow by she ghost , she flow of limb . on one finger , a red bleodstone ring be glow darkly through the ice . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 be . 20 21 22 22a 223 {lst Rev. 9/30/81 ) continued 20 reverse angle - on halloway his face remember a past dream . he be distract by the dark figure in b.g. throw leaflet . when he turn back to the block of ice , it be no longer there in the shop win - dow -- instead , the trestle that support it now hold the pale shape of a coffin . ext . clock tower - GREEN town - night 21 the church clock strike . int . live room - halloway house - night 22 will be sit in a chair by the fire , read . Mr. halloway stand in frontofthe fire , a ball of pink paper , one of the throwaways , in he hand . Mrs. halloway be at the table add up household account under the lamp . we feel that Mr. halloway ' 's do he best to keep a conversation go in he silent family . halloway pretty big wind blow today , be not it , will boy ? one of the old stone lion blow off the library step . prowl round the town now . look for some juicy tender young Christian to eat , I do not wonder . Mrs. halloway smile . Mr. halloway laugh . as do will - but then he stop short . as he see the pink paper in he father 's hand . will you get something there , dad ? Mr. halloway open he hand . look at the bit of paper as if he 's never see it before . halloway what ? oh , nothing ... he throw the bit of pink paper into the fire . will turn to look at : insert : the FIRE 22a as the paper burn , odd word stand out on it for a moment - '' dark ... carnival ... witch ... most beautiful woman ... " before the flame consume they . int . will be bedroom - night nee 223 will , in he pajamas , switch off the light . as he do so , he hear : continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 19 . 2283 23 24 24a 25 ( lst Rev. 9/30/81 ) continued . wee 22b halloway' voice 0.s. most beautiful ... mrs . halloway 0.s. mlaugh softly ) you know I be not . halloway' voice 0.s . to I you be . always will be . silence . will scramble into bed . then : mrs . halloway' voice 0.s . you seem ... sad , tonight ... int . halloway' bedroom - night 23 sowa s_ bedroom ~ night Mrs. halloway be in bed . halloway , still fully dress , sit on the bed beside she . ae halloway it 's will . he make I feel so * damn old . a man should be able to play baseball with he son . mrs . halloway play baseball 's not necessary . not with a heart like yours . he will forgive you for that . halloway maybe so . int . halloway house - will be bedroom - night 24 — _ — _ — bedroom ~ night will , lie in bed , eye open , hear - halloway' voice 0.s. I feel restless . must be a storm come . * another angle will 's window be rattling in the wind . he get up and sit at it look out at : ext . sky - night 24a thunderclouds gather , racing across the moon . ext . halloway and nightshade house - night 25 — — 3 eqqq ss shade house - niget the front door of halloway 's house open as halloway leave . another angle - shoot up at will asleep at he window . he wake suddenly , look down , sees - continued prod . 25 26 27 28 29 30 0233 - 8/24/81 20 . - - ( lst Rev. 9/30/81 ) continued 25 will be Pov - through window he father move away , lose in darkness . thunder mutter . int . nightshade house ~ jim' bedroom - night 26 dim , in bed , read with a flashlight . he turn to a page illustrate with head -hunter , hold ghastly shrunken head . he look up as he hear : ext . rooftop - nightshade house - night 27 the lightning rod jingles faintly in the wind . ext . MAIN STREET - GREEN town - night 28 a similar jingling o.s. as : low angle shot ~- tom fury' feet move along the concrete downtown sidewalk , he bag tinkling in he hand . the foot stop . camera pull up and back to reveal : tom FURY stare in at : the oblong of ice in the shop window , with the shape of beauty in it . faint music stir . the red bloodstone ring seem to pulse with life . close on tom FURY he stand hearing voice from other day , a girl laughing call , '' Goodbye , goodbye ! " his face be haunt . fury' Pov we almost see a beautiful face within the ice , eye close in sleep . another angle . pury quicken for : the shop door open , slowly , all by itself . int . undertaker's shop - night 29 Tom fury , inside , look down , quicken , because : another angle the ghost of a eyelid within the ice stir . fury put out he hand to the ice . it begin to melt , drip to the floor . he stare . the ice melt , fast ! the front door shut , quietly . ext . MAIN STREET - GREEN town - night 30 the church clock strike midnight . as it do so , *e we see the empty Main Street . mo , continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 2l. 30 30 a 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 continued we catch a glimpse of the wooden indian inside the cigar store ... of the barber 's pole , illumine , turn , lighting the empty street ... and the stone lion on the outside of the library - beyond which : int . library - night shoot through window we see charle halloway , stack book on shelf . he turn he head suddenly towards the window as though reacting to some o.s. sound . ext . GREEN town outskirt and countryside - night ss ee lde = night we see in long shot the rooftop of the town and , beyond they , the tree and dark sky . and hear the chuff of a approach train . int . halloway house ~- will be bedroom - night will pop he eye open , in bed . int . nightshade house - jim' bedroom - night sr ose sim' bedroom — night Jim do the same . the o.s. train SOUND be nearer . ext . halloway and nightshade house - night srs lon ay and nightshade house ~ night at they window , the boy lean out simultaneously , give each other a stare , then look off at : ext . countryside - night boy' Pov - the horizon a small storm cloud of steam rise . ext . halloway and nightshade house - night the boy , at they window , stare . ext . countryside - night the boy ' Pov - the train appear , toss up spark . there be a faint rumble of thunder , o.s . ext . halloway and nightshade house - night = i ige shade house ~ night the boy at there window : Jim hiss , a gleeful whisper . continued 30 30 a 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 . 22 . 38 39 40 continued — : . 38 jim ( whisper ) the carnival ! the carnival 's come ! will ( whisper ) at three in the morning ? no ! jim ( whisper ) Hell , yes ! c'mon . Jim pull in . we see he through the window as he jig around , pull on clothes . will see this , do the same . another angle Jim scamper down the side of he house . will , at he window , half - dress , whisper down . will {a whisper ) Jim , wait ! Jim look up , grin and run . ' will slide down the side of he house , use hide rung . he land , run , still hoist he pants , lace shoe . ext . qutskirt of GREEN town - night . 39 srs versa ert of GREEN town = night the hoy race together , leaping bush , clip hedge - finally reach meadow - country , with the train SOUND draw they . ext . railroad track - embankment and graveyard - night 40 — _ — _— S ea ezard ~o night the boy reach the shadow of a embankment . the train thunder above ... the window be empty ... the boy 's head and eye follow , look up , as : there Pov - the train pass , carve circus car after car , cage after cage , with shadow pace in they , beast carve and glaring from every cornice . another angle - the boy run . o©.s. the train whistle scream with a billion human voice in misery . will stop , hand to he ear . Jim , rive , stop with he , amidst that wailing torment . prod . 40a 40 B 41 42 0233 - 8/24/81 23 . ext . graveyard 40a there Pov from the SOUND , as of a thousand dead soul , stone angel weep dust from they eye and mouth . ext . railroad - embankment - night 40b will unplug he ear . Jim relax . both leap and run again . ext . field - night 41 the boy run into shot - stop short , in open - mouth dis - belief as they see : there Pov the railroad track come to a abrupt end in a writhe , torture jumble of rusty iron , embed in a tangle of grass and weed . back to the boy they stare at each other in open-mouthed amazement . turn to look at the track again - and see : there Pov in the distance , a puff of smoke . back to the boy they start to run towards the smoke . ext . hill and meadow - night 42 the boy reach the crest of the rise and pause , look down at : another angle - the meadow a carnival be laid out there , complete , dark , entire , whole , its reptilian skin breathe , sighing ... from one of the tent mirror swarm and flash . another angle - the boy Jim stand a long moment , transfix , stare , the flicker - flash of the mirror in he eye . then he turn to will : Jim ( triumphant ) see ? it be true ! I tell you ! will but ... he stop , shiver suddenly . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 24 . 42 43 44 45 46 continued 42 jim come on ! he start down the hill toward the carnival . will hesitates a moment , then follow . ext . carnival - midway - night 43 the boy enter the midway , dark , desert , silent . they see the flash of light as the Mirror maze reflect distant lightning . and hear a strange soughing breath - ing SOUND from the tent canvase billow around they in the darkness as though suck in the night air . another angle - the boy move down the midway , glance from side to side nervously . they jump as they hear a sudden creaking noise 0.8 . - turn to see : the door of one of the caravan be ajar . it move on its hinge , rustily . will and Jim look at each other , then approach and hesitantly enter . int . caravan - night 44 it be quite empty . Dust and cobweb everywhere . will shiver again . there be a sudden rustle from one corner , and a large , hairy spider , look almost like a human hand , scuttle across the floor . the boy simultaneously turn and run out , almost in panic . ext . midway - night 45 the boy come hurtle out of the caravan . at the same moment , we hear the calliope start up . they pause , look towards it and see : the calliope it seem to be play its jangling tune all by itself . there be no one there . another angle - the boy run hot - foot down the midway out of the carnival . the calliope music continue o.s . ext . library - MAIN STREET - night 46 charle halloway , come out of the door , hear faint calliope music o.s. , turn , peer , shake he head , lock the door . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 25 . 47 48 ext . undertaker's shop - MAIN STREET - night 47 faint calliope music continue o.s. as halloway , walk along the night street , stop , look in at : he Pov the undertaker 's window , dimly light . the empty sawhorse . no coffin . no ice block . back to halloway his eye , startle , glance down . he Pov the melt ice on the floor . and then he sees the red blood - stone ring lie in a pool of water on the floor , and a few strand of long , lovely hair . close on balloway eye wonder , in the dark . calliope music con - tinue over : dissolve to : int . halloway house ~ hall and stairway 48 halloway let himself in , close the front door softly behind he . start up the stair in the dim light from the street lamp outside . pause , startle , as he look up and see : another angle the small figure of he son , clad in pajamas , sit at the top of the stair . halloway mount the remain step , pause beside he : halloway what be it , son ? can not sleep ? will shake he head '' no '' . halloway ( continue ) think I hear a train . could not have be . not at this time of night . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 26 . 48 continued 48 will no , it could not have be . {he look at he father ) could not be a carnival , could there ? not in October . I mean , you never see no little scrap of paper , do you ? not about any carnival come ? another angle halloway do not answer . we hear the clock strike three . halloway Three o'clock . they call it the soul 's midnight . will do they ? why ? halloway I do not know . I guess it 's a time when a lot of folk die . will look frighten for a moment ; halloway try to reassure he . halloway ( continue ) only 01d people . I only mean old people . will ( repeat slowly ) Old people ... halloway will , we should have a talk some - time . just you and I ... will ( nervously ) what about ? halloway oh , about when you be small . that time we take a picnic down by indigo River . look , son , I know you get a fright and ... will stand up suddenly . he appear nervous as he move away upstairs . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 27 . 48 49 50 51 52 continued - 1 48 will . better get back to bed now . Mom would not like we to be up this late . talk . she would say we get to think of tomorrow . he move up the last step into the darkness . Mr. halloway watch he disappear . halloway guess you be right , son . trouble be ... this time of night , tomorrow seem a long way off ... we hear a faint rumble of thunder in the distance . dissolve to : ext . horizon above GREEN town — morning 49 the sun rise . the sky be blue , blue . the sun be yellow , my God , yellow ! : ext . halloway and nightshade house ~ morning 50 the boy ' window fly open . they glance out at each other , then at : ext . the meadow - morning . 51 there Pov the meadow where 's the carnival still lie . ext . halloway and nightshade house and backyard - day 52 Mrs. halloway be stand among the fall leave in the garden with a rake in she hand . she look up and call : mrs . halloway will ! another angle ~ halloway house shoot up at will 's window . will look down and call to he mother : will come , Mom . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 28. 52 continued $ 2 another angle - nightshade house shoot up at Mrs. nightshade 's window . Mrs. night - shade , in a frilly and rather grubby negligee , she cat in she arm , be lean out of the window . we hear the SOUND of a axe chopping wood as she call down : mrs . nightshade Jim ! jim 0.s. yes , Mom . mrs . nightshade Nice lot of log for the store , remember ! you uncle Sydney 's come for supper . another angle - both house and backyard we see Jim chopping log in the nightshade backyard , and will rake up leave in b.g. in the halloway backyard . Jim call up to he mother : jim who 's my uncle Sydney ? do I ever get to meet he ? mrs . nightshade what do you say , son ? jim oh , nothing , I guess . he crash he axe into a log . Mrs. nightshade smile at she window and disappear from view with she cat , tybalt , say : mrs . nightshade good boy , Jim . we want a nice cozy fire for we visitor . we hear the distant SOUND of the calliope at the carnival , which continue over : another angle - favoring will still rake leave . we see Jim chopping up log in the b.g. a group of child , one rattling a stick against the fence , pass by . they pause to watch will at work . boy you come to the carnival ? continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 29 . 52 53 54 55 continued - 1 52 will already see it . girl know-it-all ! the child run on . another angle Mrs. halloway put she head out of the kitchen window and call to will : mrs . halloway you finish that leave , will ? will ( call back ) so long as no more do not fall down . mrs . halloway run along , then . only do not you dare be late for supper , do you hear I ? she close the window . will drop he rake . we see Jim drive he axe into a log and leave it there . another angle the two boy run out of they backyard . ext . field ~ day 53 in a series of shot we see the boy run , sometimes in tandem stride for stride , sometimes racing , sometimes tumble , sometimes leaping , head at full stretch towards the meadow and the o.s. sound of the carnival . ext . hill above meadow - pay 54 — ow = day will and Jim reach the top of the hill , blink , then run on down the hill towards : ext . carnival - day 55 at the edge of the Carnival , the boy pause . will look round , relieved . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 30 . 55 continued / 55 will why , gosh darn , it 's just a plain ordinary old carnival ! boy ' Pov - panning the carnival we see what they see : a ordinary carnival with ordinary color of lemon and brass and cotton candy and sideshow , with boring - instead of mysterious - calliope music . the first crowd be gather . jim' voice 0.s. no , it can not be ! it can not be ordinary ! back to the boy Jim stride along the midway , will follow , happily . will ' course it be . good and ordinary . we just could not see last night in the dark ! they pause at a ' test you strength ' machine . one of the townsmen have just complete . he try , unsuccessfully ; the onlooker jeer . townsman it 's fix . a huge , redhead , blue -ey man ( cooger ) , in charge of the machine , pick up the hammer as though it be a feather , crash it down - and the bell clang . slight gasp from the onlooker . another angle push through the small crowd on he crutch , we see Ed , the barman . he pick up the hammer with he one hand . will ( at front of . crowd ) go on , Ed ! Ed glance at he , grin . ed hold this . he hand he crutch to will . balance on he one leg , he swing the hammer with he one arm . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 31 . 55 56 ( lst Rev. 9/30/81 ) continued - 1 , 55 and , clang , the bell ring . the onlooker applaud and will and Jim embrace he . Ed 's triumphant smile make up for a lot of he past . cooger eye he thoughtfully a moment , then reach be - hind he , hand he a card . cooger you prize , sir - free pass to we fabulous mirror maze . Ed take it , move off with the boy . int . the assyrian fortune teller' tent - day whe 56 close on - the fortune teller her face be hide by a dark , lacy veil . fortune teller I see you place of work , my good sir . and a red and white pole turn - ing ... camera pull back and we see Mr. crosetti face she , amaze and sweat slightly , he luxuriant hair , beard and moustache shine with pomade . she hold one of he hand between hers , read he palm . on one of she finger glow the red bloodstone ving . mr . crosetti it 's a miracle ! you eye see everything ! fortune teller only I think something be miss from you life . something that could make you so happy ... ( a whisper ) lady ! you have live she a long time without the scent of lady 's skin ... ( Mr. crosetti gasp ) they be wait for you , my good sir . can you not hear they dress rustling ? call they . they be long - ing to comfort you and bring you con - tentment . crosetti 's gaze lift to the fortune teller 's face . shadows stir under the veil . her eye seem to burn through the lace ; she smile remind we of the most beautiful woman in the world . ek * prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 32 57 58 ( 1st Rev. 9/30/81 ) ee ext . another part of midway - day 57 the boy and Ed move along the midway , look at the various stall and sideshow . then suddenly : jim hey , look ! Wild animal ! we see cage in which typical , ordinary fairground beast prowl . Jim and will march past , pull face at the animal , growl , point . then : will ( glance around ) where 's Ed ? Jim look around also , and they see , some way away : there Pov : Ed stand lock into the mirror maze . ext . mirror maze ~— day 58 the boy run towards he , but before they reach he he hobble in . they pull to a stop at the entrance and see he stand just inside , he expression rapt , transfix . the boy ' Pov fx by some juxtaposition of the mirror , Ed 's reflection be that of a whole , normal man , all he limb intact . he move as though to throw a football . then , grin , continued prod . 58 0233 - 8/24/81 33. continued ' hobble further into the maze of mirror , the many be - 59 60 61 62 flection fade , disappear , until he 's almost go from sight . ed' voice 0.s , ( diminish ) throw ! run! grab ! touchdown ! God , oh God , mant back to scene the boy turn away . as they move off , they attention attract by a large tent , decorate with picture of various freak . jim ( point at a par - ticularly grotesque picture ) when do you pose for that , will halloway ? laughing , he run off , will in pursuit . ext . a tent - '' temple of temptation " - day Jim dart in at the tent to fit he eye to a hole in the canvas . will look up to read the sign above the tent - " temple of temptation " . close up - jim his eye to the hole , from which come flesh - color illumination . we hear lascivious music o.s . int . " temple of temptation " - day jim be Pov - through hole we see a belly dance show . at first the dancers seem like any ordinary fairground sideshow , but then , through Jim 's eye , they appear as erotic fantasy . they long limb seem to stretch out towards he across the audience . in the audience we can see Mr. crosetti sweat , watch wide - eye . ext , '' temple of temptation " - day Jim 's eye glint . his cheek glow . his mouth drop wide . will , see this , suddenly hit he . but Jim ignore he , as the music from inside the tent grow . . int , '' temple of temptation " - day close on jim' eye see through the hole in the canvas . the flesh - color light seem to shine on he eyeball . continued 58 be 59 60 6l 62 prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 34 . 62 63 continued 62 reverse angle - jim' Pov one of the belly dancers come close , closer , closer ... close on mr. crosetti he be sweat and stare as the belly dancer now come dance nearer and nearer to he . his mouth be open and he start to speak . crosetti come close to I , lady ! let I smell you perfume . let I into the sweet - smell skin of you . his voice crack on a high note . his lip seem to have become fuller and redder , he hair longer , and Mr. crosetti be beginning to take on the appearance of a lady . then we see the belly dancer dance even closer and more sensu - ously . they wind they diaphanous veil around he ... ext . temple of temptation - day 63 Jim be still watch through the hole in the tent when : crack ! a cane bang the tent near Jim 's cheek . he jump . another angle - a grotesque dwarf laughing at he . dwarf sorry , boy ! too young ! come back in ten year ! a small group gather around laugh , roar . another angle the two boy skulk off , will ahead , head down , blush , Jim follow hang - dog . camera move with they as : jim well , I just see - will shut up ! I do not wanna hear ! jim okay , you dimwit episcopalean holy -roller ! prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 35 . 64 ext . mirror maze - day 64 ext . mirror maze - day the boy see they schoolteacher , miss foley , stand , stare in at the mirror . : jim and will hey , look - it 's miss foley ! miss foley move into the maze out of sight . the boy approach and they too peer in at the mirror . jim wanna go in ? will no ... for will be look deep . Jim look with he . there Pov - the maze which be subterranean , which be deep and fill with ancient shadow and whisper . back to scene Jim squint and ask : jim no ? will study the maze , listen to it , and feel a Arctic wind blow out from it . we can faintly hear that wind . his face be pale . will that mirror be like ... last night . another angle - the mirror dissolve coldly , darkly , and the wind blow softly . another angle - the boy both stand with they hair ruffle by the wind , peer . miss foley' voice 0.s . oh yes ... yes ... yes . please ... the boy stare at each other - then back at : the maze where shadow run , half see . continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 36 . 64 continued + 64 the boy dart to the entrance . miss foley 'ss voice 0.s. please ...! oh yes ... please ...! miss foley blunder forth . they catch and retrieve she balance for she . she blink around , stunne , and at last recognize they . . will miss foley ! what 's wrong , miss foley ? jim hey ! here we be , miss foley . you okay ? miss foley Jim ...! will ! my two whisperer ! I be all right now . of course I be . she peer back into the maze . miss foley silly ... I must be tired out , I guess . why , it 's so bright in there , and beautiful . so brilliant . it must have dazzle I ! I can not quite remember ... miss foley look into the maze as if she memory have fail . the two boy look at she . miss foley ( blink , try to pull herself to - gether ) I must get home ... my little nephew ... she move away , still in half a trance . will be she ill ? jim Hell , no . must be a shock , though , stare in all they mirror . " specially if you have a face like they use to scare the bird away . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 65 66 37 . ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) ext . by ferris wheel & " wheel of fortune " - day eae 65 — ll , of fortune " - day beside the ferris wheel be a " wheel of fortune " which be be whirle by Mr. cooger ( the same man we see in charge of the ' test you strength ' ) under a sign which read : " the wheel of fortune . buy you ticket here and win a thousand dollar . how to get rich in five minute . " the wheel have just finish spin , and Mr. cooger hold up a ticket . in the crowd we see Mr. tetley , sweating and eager , as he push forward , wave he own ticket , almost speechless with joy . tetley it 's my number ! at last ! it 's my number ! look ! look at this ! cooger ( take ticket ) why , so it be , sir . no need to agitate yourself , so it be ! he count out money into Mr. tetley 's sweat palm . cooger ( continue ) and may I offer you a cigar , sir ? ( take one out of he vest pocket ) a genuine Havana special roll for you on the plump thigh of Cuban beauty . and , of course , a free ride on we magnificent ferris wheel with the management 's compliment . Mr. tetley kiss the money , pocket it , go to the ferris wheel . he be about to take a empty seat when he notice a woman sit alone in the seat in front wear a flower hat secure by a veil . she smile and beckon to he to sit beside she . surprise but pleased , Mr. tetley do so , light he long special cigar , puff out smoke luxuriously . as Mr. cooger pull a lever and the ferris wheel start to turn , Mr. tetley look around proudly , sees something o.s. , wave towards : ext . by caravan = day 66 the boy wave back , then turn to look at the caravan - the same one , dusty and desert , which they see the night before . they stare at a big padlock on the door . ae will lock up now . continued prod . 66 0233 - 8/24/81 38 . ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued . 66 jim it be not last night . it do not seem such a plain ordinary carni - . val then , do it . look ! he point to a sign tack up on a post near the caravan at the edge of the carnival . it read : " weexday only - sunrise to sundown only . " ae jim I bet something go on after * sundown . we gotta stay and see ! will we can not stay after it close . they will chuck we out . jim not if they can not find we , they * will not ! he get down on he hand and knee , start to crawl under the caravan wheel . will reluctantly follow suit . another angle - under caravan will , crawl , encounter a ebstacle which jingles as he do so . he let out a " ouch " of pain , which halt Jim in he track . the boy sit up and peer at ... a familiar , scuff old leather bag . will upend it and a jumble of lightning red fall out between they . will touch they wonderingly . will the lightning rod salesman ! jim mister fury ! will it 's he bag ! he would not just leave it around ... * they stare at each other a moment . Jim put a hand on will 's arm . ae jim will ... we gotta wait ... will no ! he jerk loose and , in do so , catch he hand on one of the lightning rod , cut himself . he cry out . continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 66 67 / 69 70 71 39/40 ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued 66 close two shot - the boy Jim look down at the finger , the blood . he take the hand , give will a look , suck the finger , smile , laugh . jim now we be blood brother . you gotta stick with I ! he wipe he mouth . they both crouch down . 67 / omitted : wee 68 ext . by ferris wheel - day eae 69 the big fairground wheel have almost come full circle . Mr. cooger help out a court couple who walk away , kissing . he turn the wheel to the next place . the ** woman in the lovely flower hat sit there alone ; the seat next to she be empty except for the luxurious half - smoke cigar lie there . Mr. cooger pick it up , puff at it , smile at the woman . when she smile back we seem to recognize the most beautiful woman in the World ... dissolve to : ext . by caravan - dusk 70 beneath the caravan , peer through a wheel , two shadow . will I can not be late for supper . any - way , I be die of hunger . jim sssshh ! c'mon . Jim and will wrigle out from under the caravan and run into the carnival , now again seemingly desert . ext . carousel tent - dusk 71 they pause at a curiously design tent at the edge of the midway - look at : close up - a sign on the tent read : " carousel " and , under that another sign : '' out of order . keep out ! " prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 41 . 72 int . carousel tent - dusk 72 ee usk the boy wriggle in under the canvas . as they get to they foot , we see the carousel . Jim leap , land on the carousel , which rock . he run wildly among the horse . will Jim , for cri-yil but he follow he friend , as Jim lead he round and round through the animal , quietly , camera traveling with they . Jim leap up on one saddle , then jump to another , and another , like a cat . then he slide down to sit on a gallop horse with fright - color eye and panicolored tooth , look as if it could feel the brass pole through its spine . will climb onto the next beast over . he can only watch , astound at he friend , as Jim plunge himself into a private fever dream . camera move in on jim as he ' ride ' , humming to himself , eye shut , move off into he own world . until , suddenly : he be lift off the beast by a sudden arm and hand , which yank he like a tooth ! he yell . close on will simultaneously , will yell . he be yank off he horse . camera pull back and we see that both boy be suspend among the pole , hold up by two branch of a tree , which turn out to be two arm , two grip hand . the boy look down ... there Pov + ++ at the face of they captor ( Mr. cooger ) . mr. dark voice 0.s . put they down , Mr. cooger . bring they down to Earth ! another angle in the middle of the forest of brass pole stand mr. dark . the red-haire man drop the boy . another angle - boy in f.g. they look up at : Mr. Dark on the edge of the carousel , dress in a hairy dark suit that gleam , glisten , move on he lithe body . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 42. 72 continued ° 72 mr . dark sign say ' out of order ' , boy , er do not they teach you read in this town 's academy ? the boy stare at : there Pov - closer on dark the strange suit which crawl and itches its hair . his pale face have lunar pockmark on it . his brow and hair be licorice black , like the suit . his vest be blood red . his bright eye stare only at Jim as he speak . dark introduction all around ? my name be Mr. Dark . I advise you to respect it ! another angle - to include all the vast tent around they sigh and whisper as the hoy , somewhat startle , glance about . Jim look at Mr. Dark with audacity . jim of Dark 's pandemonium Carnival ? Dark nod , pleased . dark well , be not he brave ! Dark 's hand snake out to seize Jim 's wrist . Jim do not flinch . : dark ( continue ) what 's he name , I wonder ? you silent friend ? Jim be about to answer , when : will ( quickly ) Simon . dim glance toward he , surprised that he friend should also be capable of lie when necessary - then to Dark . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 43. 72 continued - 1 72 Dark stare at Jim . camera move in closer as Jim 's gaze travel down to Dark 's wrist , where we can see bright green , red , purple worm - snake - beast tattoo . 's dark voice 0.s. want to see more ... mister Simon ? another angle ~ will strain , but unable to see . will no thanks !. another angle = dark and jim Mr. Dark shove he sleeve up to he elbow , clenches and unclench he fist , work he muscle , show the hide tattoo to Jim . close up - jim stare . close up - will apprehensive at what he cannot see that Jim see . closer on jim' face stare , fill with the kind of light that we see come out of the " Temple of temptation " , a faint fever of lust . faintly , we can almost hear a woman laughing somewhere . there be a whisper of bell , music . close on dark who , pleased at he ' pupil’ , nod , work he arm . another angle - to include will who try to cry out . Jim be dreadfully fascinate at the lovely , forbidden sight draw on that rippling arm . dark show 's over . all that 's fit for you to see . brutally , he jerk down he cuff . Jim gasp and shut he eye , stunne . continued prod . 72 73 74 0233 - 8/24/81 44 , continued - 2 72 Dark flourish a empty hand . ticket appear on it . he hand they toward will . dark come back later , for free ride on this exotic animal ! see the fun of the fairground ... what do you say ? goon . take they ! will will not take the ticket . Dark nudge Jim , who open he fevere eye . both boy stand undecided , rive , numb . Dark lean forward and gently blow he breath at they . Jim grab the ticket , run . will follow . hold on dark and cooger , watch they go , silent . ext . meadow ~ dusk 73 at the edge of the meadow , will stop , turn , grab the ticket from Jim , tear they up despite Jim 's yell of protest , throw they away and run on . Jim follow . only the meadow at dusk remain , quietly blow in the wind . int , live room - halloway house - night 74 _— ee ee = night Mr. & Mrs. halloway be seat by the fireplace drink coffee . will have just come in at the door , Mrs. hallo - way be berate will while she husband sit in silence . mrs . halloway it 's that Jim nightshade ! he 's a bad influence . will but , Mom ... mrs . halloway do not you " but , Mom " I ! you just march straight upstairs , young man ~ and starve you - self till breakfast . will look at he father in silent appeal . halloway you would best go up , son . will turn reluctantly and go . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 45 . 75 76 77 78 int . nightshade live room - night 75 =o _ room = night a old wind - up gramophone be playing something like , '' you be the cream in my coffee . " Mrs. nightshade be dance a foxtrot with " uncle sydney " . she look at Jim , who be stand in the hall leok at they .- mrs . nightshade Supper 's over . well , it 's get late , Jim , and we have have we supper . Jim look at she . mrs . nightshade ( continue ; without enthusiasm ) you hungry ? you want I to get you something to eat , Jim ? Jim turn away and go upstairs as : jim no , it 's all right , I guess . Mrs. nightshade go on dance . ext . clock tower - GREEN town - night 76 sb se er , — _green town - night the church clock strike seven thirty . int . nightshade house - jim' bedroom - night 77 — — ee es bedroom ~ night we see Jim in he bed , fully dress . we hear the music from downstairs o.s . int . balloway house - will bedroom -— night 78 — _ — _ ee as bedroom — night -+- and will , in bed , in he pajamas , as the clock SOUND fade . he hear the bedroom door open o.s . a glass of milk appear beside he , place by a quiet hand on he bedside table . another angle Mr. halloway look at will , then sit on the edge of he bed . there 's a long pause . then he say : halloway I guess I do not like my father much , a lot of the time . will look at he , do not speak . halloway everyone say he be a good man , though . a great preacher . ( more ) continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 46 . 78 continued 78 halloway ( contd . ) he think a lot of book learn - ing . swim and dance , he guess they be evil - the work of the devil . that 's why I never learn to swim in the river like the other boy . I be not ever allow even to play with they . so I just read every darn book I could put my hand to ... will you do not have to tell I all that . halloway no ... but I would like to , will ... I would surely like to ... will ( think of something else ) granpa be a good man ? halloway oh sure . everyone think so . will and he know about evil . really know ...? halloway he sure talk a lot about it . we have devil for breakfast , lunch and supper in we house . will I believe in devil . halloway look at he , puzzle . will ( continue ) but if you be a good person they can not hurt you , can they ? be I a good person ? halloway well , I would not count on you mom 's answer right now . but I think you be . continued prod . 78 79 80 0233 - 8/24/81 47 . continued - 1 78 he look at will and smile at he . will be unsmile . halloway drink you milk , then . maybe we will talk tomorrow ... will maybe . halloway get up and move to the door but be stop by will say : will dad ... halloway look round . will ( continue ; serious ) be careful , dad . something 's go on . halloway something ...? will . just be careful . okay ? halloway okay . he go . the door shut . will slowly rise , look at : the glass of milk - so white , so lovely , so fill with summer , it be almost a tumbler full of sun and run and laughter . will greedily guip it down . dissolve to ; ext . GREEN town - night , 79 the town clock strike nine . the town be dark . int . halloway house - will bedroom - night 80 — eet 8 bedroom - night will 's eye open . he hear music far away - the calliope ... and a SOUND outside . he get up , go to window , look out and sees : prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 48 . 80 a 80 B 81 82 83 84 ext . nightshade house - night 80a Jim - move off across the lawn . int . halloway house - will bedroom - night . 80 B will , stunne , whisper half~aloud . will Jim ! you be ditching I ! he grab for he clothes . ext . field outside GREEN town - night 81 Jim , run , turn , hearing will pursue . Jim stand and wait . will , panting , walk up . jim will , you will spoil everything ! go home ! will no , sir . blood brother - remember ? jim be quiet , then . c'mon . ext . carnival - night 82 the boy advance into the shadowy carnival . they walk among whisper of tent . Jim look one way , uneasily . will the other . the carnival be not a nice place to walk at night - even Jim feel this . ext . carousel area ~ night 83 a light flash on somewhere within the carousel tent , with a blast of calliope music . voice sound , with footstep hurry near , o.s. jim Quick ! he grab will and together they squirm under the canvas of the tent . int . carousel tent - night 84 Mr. Dark step out into the light , cooger with he . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 / 49 . 84 continued 84 another angle the boy , hide , watch as Dark nod to cooger , who , robot~like , climb onto the carousel . Dark touch a control box nearby . spark leap . the box hum . the great carousel stir . Jim fever with this , fascinate . will be startle . dark right , Mr. cooger . cooger , on the carousel , swing up to a beast . close two shot = the boy Jim and will squinch tight . another angle - the carousel Dark nod and throw the switch . dark now ! the calliope scream , the brass pole slide ... backwards . another angle - boy in f.g. Jim and will , hide , stare . will my gosh , look ! the carousel whirl about , the wrong way . will whisper , astound . Jim stare . will ( continue ) it 's go the wrong way ! jim backward . another angle - mr. dark jerk he head , as if hearing this . continued prod. 0233 ~ 8/24/81 50 . 84 continued - 1 84 two shot - will and jim hunch up , tight , eye shut , then look again . there Pov - the carousel turn back , back , back . another angle - the boy will the music ... hey ... listen ! it 's go backwards , too ! Jim , incredulous , widen he eye . his head swivel . jim and that Mr. cooger . he 's go backwards !! another angle - the carousel around and around , indeed , go Mr. cooger . back to the boy Jim knock will 's arm and point , but will already see . there Pov ~- the carousel as Mr. cooger come around , he face be melting , change . another angle - boy in f.g . they head and eye follow as : cooger come around and be thirty - nine year old . around again and he be thirty - eight . sequence of quick shot Dark ... the boy ... the carousel ... here come cooger thirty year old ... around come cooger , twenty year old , he hand young on the pole , and now sixteen and get short , and now thirteen , short still , he face melting to smallness , happy with change ... continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 51 . 84 85 86 continued - 2 84 the hand be very small on the brass pole now ... the legs hang short in the stirrup . another angle - the carousel stop . Dark reach up , grab cooger 's small hand . coogernage - eight be yank off , like a acrobat . land lightly in the dust , in perfect balance . another angle - the boy appal , incredulous , stare . another angle - cooger - aged EIGHT his face a small and perfect boyish duplicate of the older man . another angle Jim and will hold tight . dark ( snap ) it 's late ! go about you business ! cooger -as-child jerk , run , vanish . Dark turn and leave the tent . silence . the boy look at each other - and then wriggle out from under the canvas . ext . carousel tent - night 85 jim do you see -- ? will chmigosh ! they take off after the tiny , disappear figure of child / cooger . ext . park - outskirt of GREEN town - night 86 Jim and will run through the park . ahead of they , the child / cooger reach the town limit . the boy race now , gasping , run , leaping . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 52 . 86 87 88 89 continued 86 at the edge of town they see : there Pov - long shot Far off , the child / cooger vanish around the Main Street corner . exi . MAIN STREET - GREEN town - night 87 Jim and will run around that same corner and pass : ext . barbershop - night 88 where will freeze , startle . he see : will be Pov - a sign in the shut - down - curtain window . " close on account of illness " jim' voice 0.s. for cri-yi ! come on ! back to will the barberpole light shine for a instant , warmly , on will 's face . he touch it gently , quickly , spin , run . ext . STREET and miss foley' house - night 89 =e polley 5s house ~- night . the boy advance past unlit house , under lonely street - light , peer right and leave . Jim stop in front of one house , look . : will this be miss foley 's house ! jim look ! at a lower window they see the shadow of miss foley and a SMALL Boy . jim ( continue ) there . will who 's that kid she 's get in there with she ? continued '' a ee ee prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 89 53 . ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued 89 there Pov for a second the small boy pass close to the window . jim' voice 0.s. do not you know , will ? back to scene x will peer at he friend , who look hypnotize as he start up the step to the front door . will what be you play at ? * jim want to warn miss foley . * will ( angry ) do not you lie to I , young Jim ! that 's not what you want ! you want to meet that ... that ... Jim , ignore he , press the doorbell . will ( continue ) no. ohmigosh . run! I ... another angle the door open . miss foley , in a dress gown and nightdress , peer out , startle . miss foley land sake , who be it ? will halloway ! Jim nightshade ! my * two little whisperer . what 's this ? more of you trick and mischief make ? continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 54 . 89 90 continued - 1 . 89 will . we want to see if you be quite all right , miss foley . jim when we see you down the carnival you do not look any too good , miss foley . we be kind of worried . miss foley well , that 's very considerate of you boy ! I be just a little faint , I guess ... why do not you both step inside the door . int . miss foley' house - hallway and parlor ~ night 90 Jim step in , will follow , stunne . miss foley my young nephew Robert just arrive and I have make a whole load of cookie and ... Jim 's and will 's eye be on : there Pov a bead curtain that hang across the parlor entry like a rainfall of color . the camera shift down to find a pair of dusty shoe peek out below the curtain as miss foley gabbles on : miss foley 0.s. who say ' yes ' to a nice slice of pumpkin pie and a glass of homemade lemonade ? back to scene Jim and will both answer swiftly , confusedly . jim will yes ! no ! miss foley blink at they , confuse , then turn to call at the curtain . miss foley Robert ! come help I entertain this difficult boy ! continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 55 , 90 continued 90 the bead curtain blow like a strange rainfall , silent . miss foley Robert ? she poke she hand through the '' rain " . the boy stare as : there Pov she gently pull forth a tiny pink - candy hand . she pull more . a arm come out , attach to the hand . now , follow the arm , a shiny pink face of a SMALL boy with red hair and fierce blue eye shove through the glass - bead rain . back to scene will pull back away , because the small boy stare terribly at he ! miss foley run on : miss foley boy , I want you to meet -- will miss foley ! will have blurt it out ; half a warning . Jim shoot he a glance . will see it and clam shut . miss foley blink at he , wait . Robert cut across the silence by ex - tend he hand , which will pretend not to see . but Jim seize the pink -candy hand , shake it . jim swell ! hi! glad to meet you . will glare at Jim . Robert stare at will . Jim fidget . will sweat under that stare , then lift he head bravely , at last . will miss foley ... we come ... to warn you . miss foley warn ? Robert stare fixedly at will , who , he mouth tremble , stare back . Jim leap in . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 . 56 . 90 91 / 92 continued - 1 '' 90 jim he will not be in school Monday . miss foley oh ? will watch Jim for the next surprise . Robert stare . jim he 's sick . miss foley look at will with compassion . Robert stare . Jim sweat , wait to be back up . will yeah . I be sick . he 's take I home . will back off toward the door . Jim grab Robert 's hand again , pump it . jim see you . Robert look at he with interest . will voice 0.s. miss foley ! they all turn , startle . another angle at the door , hold it open , will can only repeat : will I ... I ... jim he 's sick . Jim hustle he out . ext . miss foley' house and STREET - night 91 / 92 the last thing the boy see be Robert stare at they . he take and hold miss foley 's hand . then the door , swinging shut , shadow they . slam . the boy walk down the step , talk in fierce whisper . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 57 . 91 / continued 91 / 92 92 will what you up to , young Jim ! you touch he hand . his horrible hand . a devil 's hand and you touch it ! you ... jim ssshhh ! they be interrupt by the SOUND of the front door open quietly behind they . they turn to see : another angle the small figure of Robert stand in the shadow of the porch . Jim take a hesitant step towards he , pause . will stand motionless . a light go on in a upstairs window , its beam shine directly down upon he . he stare at Robert , whowe eye burn and flare hate . suddenly , Robert stoops , pick up a rock and raise it , he fiery , cooger -eye fix on will 's face . will stand transfix , terrify but unable to move . then : in one swift movement , Robert turn and hurl the rock directly up at the light window . it crash through the glass - and Robert be go , vaulting lightly over the porch rail and disappear silently into the shadow . only will can be see , motionless , bath in the light from the break window . miss foley appear at it , astonished , stare down at he . miss foley will halloway ! you wick , wick young hooligan . will ( stammer , aghast ) but I - I do not - ( then , desperately ) that boy be not no boy , miss foley . that nephew be not no nephew . miss foley ( cut in ) Little liar ! you stay right there ! I be come down . the boy run off , as : miss foley' voice 0.s. come back here ! come back this minute ! continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 58. 91 / 92 93 continued - 1 . 33 / 9 another angle Jim run down the street with will in hot pursuit , call : will Jim ! Jim ! int . miss foley' house - parlor - night 93 miss foley be by the telephone which be on a table by the mirror . as she put down the receiver , she call : miss foley Robert ? where be you , Robert ? she see a ticket beside the phone , on which she read : " free carousel ride " ... she pick up the ticket , and as she do so , we hear the faint distant SOUND of a calliope . as miss foley hear it , the mirror seem to glow brighter - a almost dazzle light be shine from it . miss foley ( continue ; a whisper ) oh yes ... yes ... yes , please ...! she look up and into the mirror . miss foley' Pov - the mirror stand in it we see a beautiful young girl , dress exactly as miss foley be , in miss foley 's dress gown and nightdress , hold the free ride ticket in she hand - it be miss foley young and beautiful as . she have always want to be ; she dearest wish have be fulfil . as we watch the mirror it become even brighter , more dazzle , unbearably bright - and then there be a moment 's complete darkness . in it the music stop , and then : we see miss foley in the hall . she have become the beautiful young girl , exactly like she reflection in the mirror . she drop the ticket which flutter to the floor . she put she hand across she eye . then she put out she hand , hold they out , can not see they . she feel for the mirror and the telephone , which she knock off its stand . she move , feel she way , bump against the furniture - and we realize that , in become beautiful , miss foley have also become blind . a little voice say : continued prod. 0233 ~ 8/24/81 59 . 93 94 continued 93 robert voice 0.s. take my hand , my dearest dear . how beautiful you be . what a pity you will need little Robert to lead you wherever you go . we see Robert hold out he hand to lead miss foley . ext . field - night , 94 the boy run toward we across the field . suddenly , will tackle Jim , bring he down . will where you go ? jim back to the merry - go-round ! will oh , no , you be not ! he will be there ! that Mr. cooger ! make himself so big and tall ... and strong , so he can kill we ... Jim start to get up . will pull he down again . jim leggo ! leggo ! or so help I , I will remember this when ... 1 ! will what ? jim when I be older , darn it , older ! Jim hock , spit . will , shocked , fall back . another angle - shoot up - will in p.g. Jim leap up , gasping , almost in tear at what he have say . his eye be full of anger and sorrow at the same moment . will 's voice be drain of color . he can not believe it . he look up at he lose friend . will when you be ... older ? they stay for one heartbeat , one look down , tall , the other look up , short . then : continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 60 . 94 95 96 97 98 continued 94 jim I do not mean ... will . yes , you do ... if that darn merry - go-round can make Mr. cooger young , why , you think you would be older if you get on it and go the other way around ! be that what you figure out in you little mind , Jim nightshade ? you would be two foot taller , look down at I and ... and ditch I ! prom the carnival o.s. , the calliope music start again . Jim turn and walk off across the field towards the SOUND . will rise , follow , as : will ( continue ) you be nut . someone 's gotta watch out for you . they move on towards : ext . carnival - night 95 the boy , walk , stare around . the carnival tent be silent and dark , like great boat quietly afloat on silver tide of grass that blow . the tent breathe and flap they canvas lip in the dark . ext . mirror maze - night 96 as the boy pass , the cool wind ruffle they hair . the maze half - light illumine they face . they move on to : ext . MAIN ( freak ) tent - night 97 sa ere ) tent —_ night the entrance to the main tent flap and murmur like a great mushroom creature with immense lip in the night . they enter : int . MAIN ( freak ) tent ~- night 98 the boy peer leave and right and see , on either side , strange platform on which weirdly contort figure wait . Jim hiss , nudge , pass along with will as they peer to either side . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 61. 98 continued . 98 will ( whisper ) it 's a wax museum . jim no ... listen ...! they listen , and from all around they we hear the soft breathing of the people stand here in darkness wait to be summon awake . the boy stare at the different face of the freak , from whose mouth we hear the quiet sussurus , the tide of life flow out and in . the boy , frighten , pass among the figure , listen . the breathing be louder all about they ; otherwise there be absolute silence . suddenly there be a gasp from will . he tug at Jim 's arm and point . and we see : another angle there , among the weird figure , stiff and motionless as the other , but strangely change , Mr. crosetti the barber , still bearded and moustach but otherwise change into a woman with a womanly figure , wreathe in belly - dancer 's veil , a notice round he neck which read : " madame crosetti the incredible beard lady . " and Mr. tetley , in a indian headdress and clothing , stand as rigid and stiff as he own wooden indian . with a great bang , the tent whump itself like a immense blanket shake into beom ! another angle the boy panic , duck and hide . they peer out from they hide place and see : there Pov the freak 's eye spring wide , pop open . and the figure of a huge man enter the tent . for a moment he be silhou - ette in the flap open . it be mr . cooger , fully grow and restore to himself again . another angle the terrify boy pull further back into the shadow as Mr. cooger walk between the freak toward a raise plat ~ form , shroud in darkness , from which we hear : continued prod. 0233 ~ 8/24/81 62 . ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued - 1 98 dark voice 0.s. well ? cooger all arrange . out of the darkness : dark voice 0.s. good . cooger I have some trouble . that two boy . should we ...? dark voice 0.s . we need they innocence to fuel we carousel . another angle we see will and Jim in they hide place reacting to what they have hear Dark say . they move , fearfully , further into the shadow . there be a curious babbling SOUND from some - where on the platform and we hear : tom fury' voice 0.s. doom ! damnation ! death and destruction ! who tell you ? Tom pury tell you ! another angle in the darkness , we dimly make out a figure seat in a strange contraption in the center of the platform , hold a lightning rod like a sceptre in one hand . the dim out - line of Mr. Dark loom close to he in the gloom , as : dark tell I when , you old fool ! when 's the lightning due ? tom fury' voice I be Tom fury . do I take the name ? * no , sir ! the name take I ! dark I must know ! * continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 63 . {2nd Rev. 10/13/81 ) 98 continued - 2 : 98 tom fury' voice what color be lightning ? where * do the thunder go when it die ? what country do the rain come from ? what tongue do the wind talk ? who know ? who but Tom fury . dark * if I show she to you ... you will tell I when the storm be come ! there be a moan from the chair . the shadowy figure of Mr. Dark raise a arm . another angle a strange light glow to one side of the platform and we see the amorphous figure of the most beautiful woman in the world - or be it the dust witch ? - take shape . she move forward sinuously , and in the light , we can now see Mr . Dark stand beside what appear to be a electric chair , with wire run from it . and seat in it , the lightning rod salesman Tom fury , a lightning rod clasped in he hand . his face be that of a madman . as he stare at - tom fury' Pov the most beautiful woman in the World , she large , luminous eye , she sensual mouth , she creamy skin , she long , silken hair , she incredible figure clad in a lovely flow robe ... tom fury' voice o.s. --- most ... beautiful ... another angle tom FURY ocontinue ) more beautiful than Pocohontas ... * than helen of Troy ... dark when come the lightning , you old idiot ?! tom FURY Tom fury say lightning shall jump the world and make man hop and skip like scald cat ! continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 64 98 ( ist Rev. 9/15/81 ) continued - 3 98 dark ( snarling ) you fool ! lightn shali make you hop and make you tell . his hand slam a switch beside the chair . closer angle - fx Fire sizzle , flash around the chair , to halo fury 's hair , swarm he flesh , quiver he face , mouth , eyelid . Fire dance along the lightning rod in he hand . dark voice 0.s. when ? tom FURY Storm to ...to ...to ... another angle Jim flinch , half -hidden , stare . Tom fury try to speak again . . tom FURY some ...some ... sometime ! will half -rise , panicked , terrify . Dark lean close . fury . control he mouth , gasp . tom FURY Tom pury have a secret ... so have the lightning ... and the thunder ! Dark , outrage , slam the switch harder . the fire roar in the chair . fury 's arm , hand , rod , fling up in spite of himself . will leap to he foot , unable to contain himself . will stop ! stop it ! Dark freeze , he hand still on the switch . Light swarm around Tom fury , illiminate the scene on the platform . ** beside he , the most beautiful woman slowly start to turn and ... two shot - the boy helalial stare in horror as ... there Pov ake they see - not the most beautiful woman in the World , but the dust witch ... continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 65 . 98 939 s9a 993 ( lst Rev. 9/15/81 ) continued - 4 . 98 she have no face ! no eye , no nose , no mouth ... nothing but a ghastly blankness ... her beautiful gown seem alive with toad , spider , cockroach . we hear the boy scream 0.s. another angle eae as they spin about , bolt , vanish . ' Tom fury slump in he chair as Dark 's hand release the switch and : dark hunt they , Mr. cooger . cooger blunder out of the now once -again darken tent . ext . MAIN ( freak ) tent and midway - night 99 fear on the face of will and Jim as they race off down the midway in panic . they disappear around a corner . another angle cooger , leaping through the tent flap , stare , stop . he Pov nothing . no one in sight . ext . caravan - night uae 99 a we can just see two huddle shape , two pair of ' frighten eye peer out . another angle - under caravan - boy in f.g. nat Beyond they we see the feet of Mr. cooger as he turn to look around he . they move away . after a moment , the boy start to wriggle out . ext . midway - night wae 99b the boy run pell mell down the midway . another angle wae as they run past the guillotine , with its dummy figure stretch out on the block . as they pass , the mechanical executioner drop he arm . the blade hiss down - chop ! the shock cause the boy to stop in they track . they look down as : continued prod. 0233 ~ 8/24/81 65a. ( lst Rev. 9/15/81 ) 99b continued 99b 100 101 102 closer angle - boy ' Pov nak the dummy head fall into the basket . its waxen face leok exactly like will 's ! another angle ee Wild with panic , the boy take to they heel again . int . tent - night 100 waxlike figure , breathe and with they eye open . ** on the platform , Tom fury still lie slump , but we can hear he harsh breathing . Dark turn toward the shadow figure of the Dust witch / most beautiful woman - in the ** dimness , we can not make out which . with he back to camera , Dark raise he hand , the palm turn upwards . find they . she stretch she hand out into the glow of light - long , beautiful hand with elongate fingernails . ae they touch Dark 's hand , trace a invisible picture on he palm , sifting dust ... omitted int . sheriff' office - night 102 ae office - night the door bang wide . the two boy skid to a stop , as the sheriff , calmly adjust he card , not even look up , speak . sheriff take you two long enough to get here . will sheriff , we gotta - continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81. 66 . 102 continued , 102 will and Jim watch as the sheriff flip down a card . sheriff miss foley call . seem . you break a window . jim ( blurt out ) it be not - sheriff ocutting in ) lucky she 's a nice lady . you break my window , I would have you in jail . : will the carnival - you gotta ~ some - thing terrible ... sheriff Carnival 's close night . you be down there you be tre - passin ' too . will but - Mr. crosetti ... he 's ... sheriff ( laugh ) sick ? do not you believe it . o1 * Louis crosetti bring that sign out ever ' time he sneak off to go fishin' . ai not that right , Doc ? douglas every time . ( lay down card ) gin ! will you gotta listen ! the lightning rod man - Tom fury ! he 's down there with - with all that ... freak ! sheriff ( gather up card ) just where the dam idiot fool belong . ( more ) continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 67 . {lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) 102 continued - 1 . 102 103 sheriff ( contd . ) he 's crazier and a coot - walkin ' round the state yellin ' doom a ' damnation . ( shuffle ) do not belong to this town any - way . do not cut no peachfuzz with I . will jim but ... we ... another angle the sheriff put down the ecard , rise , stroll over to a cell door , pause , look at they . sheriff breakin ' window . trespassin ' . disturbin ' the peace . you boy be doin ' fine . he swing wide the cell door , gesture : sheriff ( continue ) come on in . another angle Dr. Douglas look up as there be a SOUND of pelting footstep 0.s . the doorway be empty - the boy go . the sheriff close the cell door , grin at Douglas . ext . sherife's office and MAIN STREET ~ night 103 — _ — es MAIN STREET ~ night the boy gallop down the street , then slow down as they put distance between themselves and the sheriff 's office . jim I tell you ! grownup do not ever believe no one except grownup . another angle will pull he father 's old harmonica out of he pocket , continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 68. 103 104 continued 103 look at it as if for comfort , and blow a few discordant note . dim make a face . jim what 's that ? the tune that make the cat sick ? will I be try to cheer we up . jim well , you be not succeed . you can not play that thing any - way ! will , disappointed , put the harmonica away . he look up ; as they both become aware of a figure inside the funeral parlor . and suddenly : the grotesque face of the dwarf be press against the glass , stare at they . terrify , they take off down the street . ext . halloway and nightshade house - night 104 the boy come pelting down the street in full panicked flight . Jim turn off to the nightshade house and we follow will as he run fast towards he own house . another angle - will run . we see a dark bush and a shape that look like part of the bush loom up in front of he . as he run towards it , a pair of arm come out of the darkness , hand be around will , grip he , hold he tightly . . will scream in sudden terror , not know what terrible danger have attack he now . he look up and sees : will be Pov - he father' face look down at hin . halloway you in some sort of a hurry , boy ...? continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 69 . 104 continued 104 another angle will ( enormously relieved ) dad ! halloway look at he son and then across at the night - shade house at which Jim run , leap and scamper up the side of the house and into a window . halloway do not you friend ever use the front door ? will do not want any trouble with he mom , I guess . halloway will ... will nor do I with mine . ( break away from he father ) I better go in . halloway no , son . not till we be finish . will finish what ? halloway the talk we be have last night . the talk we should have have a long time ago . will be move away still . halloway stop he , say : halloway ocontinue } just now . you seem kind of glad to see I . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 70 . 104 continued - 1 104 will well , at least you be not ... halloway ( quietly ) I be not the devil , be that it ? will ( also quiet ) I guess . halloway look at he son , smile . halloway I just want to smoke one extra cigar out here , will . just one more than the doctor order ... halloway move with he son towards the porch . another angle - the porch will sit on the rail look at he father , who search in a hang basket of geranium to find he secret hoard of ten cent cigar keep hide for special emergency . halloway about that picnic ... down by the indigo River . will get off the rail as if he 's about to go . halloway ( continue ) no , you sit , son . we have both get to sit till this be do with . halloway light a cigar . will sit back on the rail . halloway sit in a rock chair , smoking he cigar , and look out along the lawn towards the hill , brood . halloway ( continue ) we have never talk about it , have we ? not about that strong old current that knock you off you foot when you be paddle in shallow water and sweep you way out in the middle of the river . ( bitterly ) and I stand there watch , tie to the riverbank and helpless , because it have a dad who never think it right to teach boy to swim . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 71 . ' 104 continued - 2 '' 104 will be listen , expressionless . there be a silence between they , and then halloway force himself to go on : halloway ( continue ) well , there be a man stand drink liquor out of a stone bottle on the other side of the viver and he dove in after you . dove in without even take he boot off and pull you out of danger . I suppose you must have be all of four year old at the time ... he look at will , who say , very quietly : will . I know someone catch hold of I . halloway someone ? someone .. who be not nme ! no one else know who it be . ( pause ) it be Harry nightshade , son . that be you friend Jim 's dad , coupla year before he light off across the seas and be not ever see in this town again . will be still look at he father , still expressionless , almost unbely . halloway ( continue ; bitter again ) Mr. nightshade do you father 's work for you . can not forgive my= self for that . nor he either , I guess ! : closer angle - halloway and will halloway throw he cigar away , watch its bright path into the darkness . : halloway only I tell you something , when you see the end of thing come close and stare at you , will ... ( more ) continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 72. 104 continued - 3 104 halloway ( contd . ) -+- it 's not what you have do you regret ... it 's what you do not do ... all that cool , glittery river I never swim in , and the summer dance I never go to , and the peach we be never allow to eat . most of ail , that afternoon at the town picnic when there be nothing I could do , will . blame my father , if you like , blame I . we have get to stop blame sometime ... can not go on drink each other 's tear forever . tear quench no one 's thirst . . pause . will be look at he father with the beginning of sympathy . will I wish ... halloway what do you wish for , will ? should be a good wish . if you make it . will I wish you could be happy . I hear you some night . you groan ... halloway ( a small , rather bitter smile ) just tell I I will live forever . then I will be happy . another angle halloway stand , stretch . the wind viffle the tree . shadows swiftly cover , uncover they face . will slide off the rail , come towards he , anxious and look round nervously . will oh , dad , do not talk death ! some - one will hear you and come run ! and shake bone at you with one hand and ... offer you candy with the other and = and tempt you to ... ( a beat , then passionately ) dad ~- you will live forever ! halloway look at he son and say : continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 73. 104 continued - 4 104 halloway should not have keep you so late , I guess . up you go . we will try not to wake you mom ... will look at he father , jump off the side of the porch and go to the side of the house where the climb rung be hide . another angle will at the hide ' escape route ' cling to the first rung , then look at he father . will dad ? you wanna come up this way ? halloway come down from the porch , shake he head " no " . but the way he look at the ivy and the side of the house , he hunger to climb like he swift son , will ( continue ; shyly ) because , you be welcome . halloway ( gentler , slower ) no ... will climb . halfway , he look down at : will be Pov ~ shoot down - mr. halloway small on the ground . close on will he look at he father so far away there , and be touch , and sadden . will fwhisper to himself ) I do not want to ... ditch you . another angle - will in f.g. - shoot down his father wave up , slowly . will have a sudden inspiration and whisper - shout : continued prod . 104 105 106 0233 - 8/24/81 74 . continued - 5 . : 104 will dad ! you be not get the stuff ! that do it ! halloway seize the rung , jump , climb . reverse angle - halloway in f.g. shoot up will climb , halloway after he , hand over hand , camera following . halloway slip , scrabble . then , suddenly : reverse angle - will in f.g. shoot down hearing this , will draw in he breath , look down as : he father almost fall , hold , slip . will seize down , grab he father 's shirt - cuff , pull ! will oh , please ...! halloway suck in , hold , grip , regains , start up again . will swing over he windowsill . his eye be full of tear . int . will be bedroom ~ night 105 a bedroom = night halloway swing in swiftly , and he and will sit half in , half out . halloway gently touch the tear on he son 's cheek , smile at he . halloway we do it , son . I mean we talk about it , do not we ? will say nothing , but smile tremulously . halloway ( continue ) that 's all right , will . a smile 's the best answer to everything . camera move between they and we see the distant carnival - a faint flash ef mirror , as we : dissolve to : int . nightshade house - jim 's bedroom - night 106 ee — — — — — es bedroom - night Jim , in bed , quicken , look up startle , at a SOUND , a strange , mute inhuman cry . . another angle - jim in f.g . a shadow rise , loom . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 75 , 106 107 107a continued 106 and then we see that it 's the shadow of he mother , in she nightdress with the cat , tybalt , inher arm . it be tybalt that have cry , and Mrs. nightshade shush he . she look down at she son , and then around the room . she see the window open , cross to it and close it . she turn around and see Jim with he eye close . mrs . nightshade why do boy want window open all the time ? jim {still with he eye close ) warm blood ... mrs . nightshade warm blood ! that be you father 's trouble . at this , Jim open he eye . mrs . nightshade ( continue ) you go to sleep now , Jim . she move to he , suddenly stoops and kiss he good - night . jim do I look like he ? do I look like my father ? she do not answer at once but go to the door . at it , she turn and say : mrs . nightshade too like ! the day you leave home , my Harry will be dead forever . int . halloway house + will be bedroom - nicur 107 — ee sedroom - night wind gust in will 's window , waking he in bed . another angle ~ will f.g. - fx a great shadow fly by he window , immense . he leap up , run , look out at : ext . sky ~- night 107a will Pov nothing . empty . prod. 0233 ~ 8/24/81 76 . 108 109 lo ini . nightshade house ~ jim' bedroom - night 108 =— — — — — — ss ss bedroom = night Jim , in he bed , sit up at a sudden noise . ext . halloway and nightshade house - night - fx 109 ee es ~ night - fx the lightning rod fall , skitter , almost topple off the roof . another angle both boy at they window look up , as the shadow return . will climb out , swinging from tree bough and branch , across to . Jim 's window . closer angle - will look up in terror at the shadow - freeze . jim' voice Quick , will , quick . will Pov shadow drip down through the tree limb . strange shape . melt and fondle , probe and scurry through the leave , knock they off . the leave change color as the shadow probe , from red and yellow they cringe and become brown . the shadow hover and change shape , with flex mouth and great amorphous . eye of steam and mist and rain and fog . another angle will heave , gasp , recover , swing himself in through Jim 's window . int . jim' bedroom - night lilo se bedroom ~ nigret the two boy huddle , gasping , listen . there be absolute silence . then , o.s. , at the top of the house , there be a tiny noise of scratching . a scrape . some - thing pass over the house . the boy look up at the ceiling . will ( whisper ) it 's they ! the devil ! they be search for we ! slowly , the shadow of a arm appear on the window . it be strangely elongate . continued prod . 110 110a ill 0233 = 8/24/81 . 77 . ( ist Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued lio close two shot - jim and will they see : : there pov a long hand , long finger , long nail , snake down , touch the window , the pane , the sill . closer angle the fingernails scrape the glass , pour whisper of dust , of sand . another angle . will gasp . ee jim sshhhh ...! * he pull will back into the shadow by the bed and they squinch down , try to make themselves invisible , as : ** another angle kee a second elongate arm and ghost hand appear in the other window , scratch at the pane as though seek to get in . another angle wae the boy shrink further back in the shadow , almost whimper with terror . the ghastly search hand scrabble again at the window - pane - then pull up , be go . nothing ... silence ... after a moment the boy creep to the window , peer out . ext . sky - night 110a s25 night . fx shot - boy ' poy the shadow go away in the sky like a titanic spider . will voice 0.s . they be try to find we ... int . jim' bedroom - night lil on = night will ( look at Jim ) I be scared , * jim I too ! * a dissolve to : prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 78/79 {lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) 112 / . 112 / 115 omitted wee 115 116 int . church - GREEN town - morning 116 we see will , in he Sunday suit , with he parent - and dim , also in he best clothes , with he mother . the ae congregation be in mid-so : congregation " so when that morn of endless night be waking and shade of evil from its splendor flee ... " * will and Jim look at each other across the church . ** eae dissolve to : 117 ext . STREET and miss foley' house - day 117 the boy be walk towards miss foley 's house as : jim who 's gonna explain to she - about she window ? will why do not you ? you be the old one . jim she 's not gonna believe we anyway . they walk on a few step , then : jim ocontinue } I have this weird dream last night ... will look at he strangely , seem about to speak , but Jim continue : jim ( continue ) there be this two coffin - only they be not on a hearse but on two kinda little handcart ... will ( excitedly ) yeah , I ... jim ( immerse in he story ) ... and there be two dwarf pull one of they ... ( more ) continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 80 . 117 118 continued . 117 jim ( contd . ) +.eand the other be be pull by a little donkey , all do up with funeral plume ... only the plume be ... will +e. not black but ... jim ++» bright yellow ! and ... and the coffin ... the coffin ... ( he hesitates , swallow ) will se. be small ! kid size ! jim ( stare at he ) you mean - you have the same dream ? by this time they have climb the step to miss foley 's house , and now will 's attention be distract by the front door which drift wide open . will that 's funny ... int . miss foley' house - hallway and parlor - day 118 — — — — nd parlor = _ day the boy enter , stare around . silence . emptiness . will she 's not here . jim let 's be sure . Jim run up the stair , call : jim ( continue ) miss foley ... miss foley ... about that window ... it be not we . honest , miss foley . no response . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 gl. 118 119 continued 118 another angle will , alone , look around and sees : the mirror , swarm - ing with shadow . for a moment , he think he can see the figure of miss foley . but the next moment she be go . and Jim come run back down the stair , shaking he head : jim no one ! ext , STREET - GREEN town ~ day 119 the boy will she go back to the carnival . she listen to that - that nephew ! he promise she ... a SOUND galvanize they . there Pov - top of STREET a parade of carnival freak pass the top of the street . the band blare , pulse , bang . the freak turn they head this way and that . back to scene Jim blink , shout : jim hey , a parade ! will pull he hack into a doorway , he face pale . will no. a search ! for we ...! ( point to Jim , then himself ) we can not go home . they would follow and ... and kill we folk ?! they stare at each other as the band music blare o.s. closer angle - the band brasses and pulse and bang . prod . 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 0233 - 8/24/81 92 . : ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) ext . MAIN STREET ~- GREEN town - day 120 the sidewalk £ill with curious people as the parade pass by . int . halloway house - live room - day 121 [ sss as Mr. halloway be sit in a rock chair read the Sunday paper . SOUND of wash up and of Mrs. halloway {o .8 . ) humming to herself from the kitchen . the tele - phone ring . Mr. halloway curse it under he breath , ae drop the paper , turn , pick up phone . ext . MAIN STREET & tetley' cigar store - GREEN town - day 122 — — — we see and hear the parade turn into the main street . the camera pan to disclose , in f.g. , a phone inside the store . will on the phone , a tense Jim beside he . will ( into phone ) dad ! int . halloway live room - day 123 halloway at phone hear the terror in he son 's voice and stiffen . halloway will - where be you ? ext . cigar store - day 124 will cast a terrify glance toward the Street , as : - will ( overlap ) they be after we ! int . halloway live room - Day 125 : halloway who ? look , son , come home and ... * ext . cigar store - day 126 will teca not ! they will ... dad , be careful ... * Jim yank will half out of the booth as : will ( desperately ) : tell Mom ... please ... * prod. 0233 ~ 8/24/81 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 int . halloway live room - day close on halloway as : will voice ( over phone ) I ... I do not want ... * halloway look at the phone . halloway will ? silence . ext . cigar store - day empty , the phone hang abandon and suspend . as the band pound , bang , brasses by . int . halloway live room - day halloway , the receiver still in he hand , can hear the band over the phone . ext . MAIN STREET - GREEN town - day full shot . the parade march . child run on the sidewalk accompany the march . ext . MAIN STREET - cigar store - day the trays of cigar be open to the street , but in the window hang a notice which say , " just slipped out . " the camera pan down to : ext . / int . iron grille - below store where we can just distinguish the pale frighten face of Jim and will , crouch there in hide . ex ?. MAIN STREET - day the parade , Dark at its head , in all he tall mag - nificence . follow by the band , blaring . and the freak , look around , scan the window , the rooftop , the church steeples . closer angle - the freak among they we see people we recognize : Mr. tetley , the " wooden indian " , be wheeled on a small plat - form by two dwarf ; Mr. crosetti , the bearded lady , and Tom fury , borne aloft in he electric chair . continued 83 . . ( ist Rev. 10/13/81 ) 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 84 . 133 134 135 continued 133 and near he we see the beautiful blind girl miss foley have become , carry a white stick and be guide along by she little nephew Robert , the child with Mr. cooger 's face . another angle halloway turn into the Main Street , run , out of breath , search for he son . another angle - dark stride , stare , scowl , glare he vision at the sky , the horizon , the street , the house . another angle - the parade and we see , pass in the parade , two small coffin , each borne on a handcart , one pull by two dwarf and the other by a small donkey with funeral plume of bright yellow . int . / ext . below grille 134 the boy look at each other , wide - eye at see they mutual dream become a reality . ext . MAIN STREET ~ outside ed' bar - day 135 halloway , slowed now , be thread he way through the sidewalk crowd outside Ed 's bar . he pass a poster stick on the wall for " dark pandemonium carnival , " then : dr . douglas voice 0.s. hey , Charlie ! halloway see Dr. Douglas stand at the close door of the bar , beckone to he . dr . douglas what d'ya think ? bar 's shut . first time in twenty year ! Ed must have just take off . despite he anxiety , halloway be intrigue , frown . halloway he would not do that . that 's not like Ed . he push the door . it drift back in darkness . halloway and Douglas look at each other , puzzle , then enter . prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 85 . 136 137 138 139 140 141 ext . MAIN STREET - cigar store - day the parade march by . among the sidewalk onlooker , we see Mrs. nightshade , Jim 's mother . int . / ext . below grille the boy crouch away from the blare of o.s. band music . will glance up and suddenly tug at Jim 's arm , point . there Pov ( through grille ) Jim 's mother have pause to watch the parade . ext . STREET and parade the dwarf suddenly leave the procession , come up to Mrs. nightshade and hand . she a " free ride " ticket . she take it , unsmile . but now the dwarf seem to want to say something to she . she stoops down to hear what he say . and as he whisper in she ear , she slowly start to smile . int . / ext . below grille they gasp , see this . Jim be about to cry out when , o.s. , the band music stop . will swiftly clap he hand over Jim 's mouth . ext . STREET above grille Mrs. nightshade nod she head as though in decision and move away , ticket in hand . as she do so , we see the parade disperse in b.g. , and the freak move among the crowd pass out handbills . int . ed' bar — day Dr. Douglas , behind the bar , be dispense drink . he push a shot glass toward halloway as : douglas you ration for today . he pull open the cash drawer to drop some coin , frown . douglas ( continue ) that 's odd . halloway crane over the counter to look . continued 136 137 138 139 140 141 prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 86 . 141 142 143 144 ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued 141 the drawer be full of cash , obviously the previous day 's taking . the two man stare at each other . at which moment the door behind halloway darken . both turn as Mr. Dark enter . int . / ext , below cigar store grille - day 142 the boy jump as something fall through the Grille at they foot . they both look down to see a much chew dog biscuit . at the same moment , there be a whine 0.s . ext . STREET above grille - day 143 " a teenage girl , with a mongrel dog in tow , be flirt with a teenage boy . the dog whine again , bark , tug not at its leash but the girl ignore it . in b.g. , we see the freak , thread through the crowd , come nearer . int . ed be bar - day 144 Dark stand with he hand on the bar as : dark Stranger to this town , sir . name of Dark . perhaps you could * help I . I be on the lookout for two boy ... halloway town 's full of they . dark no doubt , sir . I have no doubt of it . but this boy I be look - ing for - two of a kind I should judge they . much of a height . one towhead , the other biack as pitch . blood brother by the lock of they . halloway react slightly . Douglas glance quickly at he . * douglas what have they do ? dark done , sir ? why nothing wrong , surely . * ealloway stare in fascinate revulsion at : close shot - dark hand on the bar , they back cover with silky , almost animal like hair . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 144 145 146 147 148/149 150 151 87 . ( 1st Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued 144 dark voice 0.s. ( continue ) they be a pair of lucky boy who have win prize at we carnival ... another angle wee dark ( continue ) I only wish to give they the valuable reward they richly de - serve . can you not help I , gentleman ? halloway put he shot glass carefully on the bar counter and exit . Dark turn to stare thoughtfully after he . ext._main STREET - cigar store - day 145 the teenage girl giggle at some witticism of she boy ~ friend 's , while the frantic dog tug at its leash , scrabbling at the bar of the grille . int . / ext . below grille 146 will stoops , pick up the dog biscuit , thrust it up through the grille . the dog immediately snap at it , growling with pleasure . - ext . STREET above grille 147 the dog cavort with pleasure on the end of its leash . the dwarf , pass , suddenly turn back toward the grille as the girl give the leash a tug , walk off with she boyfriend . ae omitted eee 148/149 int / ext . below grille . 150 as the dwarf 's face appear through the bar , the boy squinch back in the shadow . extreme close up - through grille - the dwarf eye click , blink rapidly , for all the world as though they be camera shutter . suddenly we hear child be voice 0.s. ext . STREET above grille 151 a swarm of child suddenly surround the dwarf , pull he away , as : continued prod . 151 152 153 0233 - 8/24/81 88 . ( ist Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued : 151 child hey , shortie - tag , you be it ! tag , tag , you be it . they hustle the dwarf off down the street - as we see halloway approach the cigar store . he pause for a moment on the grille , puzzle by the absence of Mr. tetley . another angle will 's hand poke up through the slot of the grille and close around halloway 's shoe . halloway , startle , look down and sees : ext . / int . grille 152 halloway' Pov through it - the pale face of Jim and will peer up at he . will pull he hand back , shake he head violently , put a finger to he lip as : mr . dark voice 0.s. lose something , sir ? ext . STREET above grille 153 Dark loom up . halloway quickly step onto the center of the grille , smile pleasantly at Dark , then select two cigar from the tray mark ' special 's and throw some money onto the ' counter . halloway folk around here all seem to be take a holiday . it must be the earnival . Dark watch speculatively as halloway calmly unwrap one cigar , drop the wrapper through the grille at he foot . dark this boy I be look for , sir . perhaps you know they ? he look eagerly at halloway , then turn he hand up , ae palm towards he . to reveal : tattooe there , the likeness of Jim and will . ae Dark thrust he palm almost into halloway 's face . hallo - way merely light he cigar , puffing smoke at Dark who ae flinch back . continued prod . 153 0233 - 8/24/81 a9 . no change ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) continued 153 halloway won prize I think you say ? lucky fella . ( smile pleasantly , proffer second cigar to Dark ) have a cigar ? Dark shake he head violently , flinch further back , as halloway slip the cigar into he pocket , continue calmly : continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 90 . 153 154 155 156 continued 153 halloway ( continue ) . well now , guess I would not want a couple of kid to miss out on they good fortune . int . / ext . below grille 154 the boy pull back , they eye wide . ext . STREET above grille 155 dark and halloway Dark look eagerly at halloway , again extend he palm . halloway tap Jim 's picture with the wet end of he cigar . halloway '' now , let I see -- that one ... I know he well ! his name 's er -- another angle - dark dark yes ? - halloway' voice 0.s. milton blumquist . Dark 's face contort with rage . he shut he fist on Jim 's picture , hard . another angle halloway tap the other tattoo . halloway and that , why , that 's avery Johnson . Fine boy , fine ! both of they , quite a credit to we little town . if you want to know the truth . he restore the cigar to he mouth , puff , smile cheer - fully . int . / ext . below grille 156 the boy jim ( whisper ) he 's tall , you dad ! continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 91 . 156 157 158 159 continued 156 will ( whisper , proudly ) very tall . . ext . STREET above grille 157 halloway and dark Dark , incense , have clench the other fist . he almost spit . dark I do want to know the truth , sir . and the truth be that you be lie ! I already have they name from a blind girl that use to be a teacher here - about . a poor creature call foley . int . / ext , below grille . 158 the boy react , stunne . something splashes on will 's face . he look up , as : dark voice 0.s. will be the fair-haire ... will be Pov - through grille we see Dark 's clench fist at he side , drip blood as they shut tight , tight . dark voice 0.s. + 's - and Jim the Dark . back to the boy blood drip on Jim 's shirt . ext . STREET above grille , 159 halloway puff a great cloud of cigar smoke straight into Mr. Dark 's face . Dark back away , grimace . dark now tell I , old man . what be you name ? he stare fixedly at halloway 's chest . halloway start instinctively to put he hand up there , as if he feel a brief pain , then drop it . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 92 . 159 160 161 continued . 159 halloway halloway , sir . Charles William halloway . dark ah yes . the town 's librarian . halloway I have that honor , sir . dark and have have for many year , I believe . . ( sigh regretfully ) all that time spend live only through other men' life , dream - ing only other man 's dream . what a waste ! balloway sometimes a man can learn more from other men' dream than from he own . int . / ext . below grille 160 will , anguish , shake he head " no " as he hear : halloway' voice 0.s. ( continue ) come visit I , sir . if you would wish to improve you education . ext . STREET above grille 161 Dark glare at halloway , nod curtly . dark iwill , sir . and I may improve yours . he whirl , stride . halloway stand look after he . another angle - the STREET the parade have re-form . Dark take up he position at its head . shoot one final glare toward halloway - raise he hand . bang ! brass ! thump ! the band blare . the parade move off . another angle - halloway watch they move off . his eye narrow as he sees : continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 93. 161 162 163 continued 161 he Pov - the STREET a young boy straggle at the end of the parade . he look like a small edition of Ed , the barman , and wear a foot - ball sweatshirt like Ed 's . he carry a football . as he near camera , the boy pause , look back at Ed 's bar as though struggle to remember something . then move on towards halloway . another angle - to include halloway the boy hesitates again , look at he . then suddenly toss the football to he . halloway catch it , look at it . it be ink with the signature of Ed 's team - mate . without look down , he speak to Jim and will below . y¥ ( softly ) boy , what the hell be go on ? ext . / int . grille 162 shoot down through it - will stand directly below now , put . a finger to he lip . '' ssshhh ! " ext . STREET above grille 163 halloway still hold the ball . the boy stand quite still , stare at he , wait . halloway ( softly ) all right , boy . he throw the ball back to the boy , who catch it in one arm - exactly as Ed do earlier in the bar . he blink at halloway , shake he head as if to clear it , then wander off in the wake of the parade . halloway ( murmur to boy , without look down ) come to the library tonight . he drop he dead cigar on purpose , bend . low angle close shot halloway 's face , the cigar on the grille . finger come up through the grille to grip he own finger tightly . hallo - way close he eye . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 94 . 163 164 165 166 167 168 continued 163 halloway good luck , son ... he rise up out of frame and move off . the small finger , still on the grille , pull slowly back down . ext . STREET - GREEN town - day 164 the dwarf , play happily with child , suddenly pause . close on the dwarf face again he eye click , blink , click - as he remember something . 0o.s. band music blare . another angle the parade march down the street . the dwarf scuttle alongside , reach Dark , pull he down , whisper . ext . MAIN STREET - cigar store - day 165 Dark and the dwarf reach , bend , lift the iron grille trapdoor and stare down at : ext . / int . below grille 166 close shot the small , empty airway beneath the grille . pause . then : the iron grille slam down , shut , bang ! . dissolve to : ext . MAIN STREET - library - night 167 over dissolve , we hear the church clock start to strike seven - as camera move up along the ivy stone of the library to peer in at the window among slither and whisper . int . library - night 168 long shot camera peer down a long corridor of book towards a pool of light in the distance , as we hear the boy ' voice , indistinct , breathless - catch a occasional word only : " miss foley ... " " ... nephew ... " , " Dark ... " , " crosetti... " , " lightning rod ... " , '' free ride ... " , etc . during this , camera slowly move along the corridor toward the light until we see and hear : halloway and the boy by a table strewn with book , as : continued prod. 0233 ~ 8/24/81 95 , 168 continued 168 will ofinish up , he voice dwindling , break ) --.and ... so we have to hide be - cause ... because ... well , who would ever believe we ? he gulp , dry up . silence . then : halloway I believe you . the boy look at he a moment , incredulous . then will sink into a chair . jim you do ? but we be not grow - up ! halloway that 's why I believe you . halloway pick up a old diary from the table in front of he ; it 's handwritten and with the bind come apart . halloway Diary of my father , Charles Herbert halloway , Minister of this town . ( read from diary ) " October 1891 ... we have have no good fortune since there arrive here the Autumn Carnival . it seem strange to speak of such thing in this enlighten day , but ... " 169 ext . MAIN STREET - outside library - night 169 close on the dust witch we recognize the incredible elongate hand as she lift they and point to the library - and see over she shoulder Mr. Dark stand , watch . Dust sift from she fingertip . 170 int , library - night 170 halloway be read from he father 's old diary : halloway '' a poor , lame servant girl go to the fortune teller to inquire how she might run . ( more ) continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 96 . ( lst Rev. 10/13/81 ) 170 continued 170 halloway ( cont . ) " her leg mend , and she then run mad . it seem they destroy people by granting they dearest wish , as have be the way of the devil since God create the world . Old folk of this town say they remember such a carnival * of evil visit many autumn past , in the day of they youth ... " a SOUND jerk the boy 's head . the light flicker as halloway go on read : halloway ( continue ) " the travel people swore that they would return , some other * autumn . they visit end with @ most unusual storm ... '' another angle the library door fling wide . camera move in close as a soft bloom of ancient dust fall in and plume itself out on the floor . silence . then : , another angle will look at he father , terrify . will Mr. Dark ! halloway ( whisper ) hide ! Quick ! the boy run out of frame . halloway listen to the o.s scuttle , as they hide themselves away . he gather he emotion , sit himself down , look around at the dark stack . a floor creak . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 97 . 170 continued = 1 : : 170 halloway ~ ( murmur ) " by the prick of my thumb something wick this way come ... " the camera follows a track of dust to the feet of someone stand in the stack . and halloway sees : halloway' Pov - mr. dark quietly stand lean against a stack , idly turn over the page of a book . dark ( read ) " then ring the bell both loud and deep ; God be not dead , nor do he sleep ... " another angle - to include halloway who finish it for he , quietly . halloway " the wrong will fail , the right prevail , with peace on Earth , good will to Men . " dark it 's a thousand year to Christmas , Mr. halloway . Dark slam the book shut and back into the shelf . halloway look at he steadily , calmly . halloway you be wrong . it 's here in the library tonight and can not be spoiled . dark do Jim and will bring it with they on they shee ? we shall have to scrape they . ( call softly ) will ? Jim ? close up - sideways - will eye stare , wherever he lie hide . dark voice 0.s. free ride on the merry - go-round ? continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 98. 170 continued - 2 170 close up - the same ~- jim' eye dark voice 0.s. Jim , boy , how would you like to be King of the Carnival , ruler of the ride ? close up - will terrify , listen as : dark voice 0.s. how would you like to be a grownup , Jim ? how would that feel , do you fancy ? another angle - dark as he call at the shadow : dark not to be look down at , not to be tell to run away and play . to be trust . to be fear . to know what grow - up do behind lock door when child be asleep ... close up - jim he eye and ' face fevere , sweat , as : dark voice 0.s. come out to I , Jim . I be the father you be wait for , my son ! another angle - halloway and dark Dark , smile , move a step forward . halloway hold he ground , as : halloway I know who you be . you be the Autumn people . where do you come from ? the dust . where do you go to ? the grave ...! continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 99 . 170 continued - 3 170 dark ( smile , neds ) we be the hungry one . you torment call we like dog in the night . and we do feed , and well . he take another step . halloway still hold he ground . halloway you stuff yourselves with other people 's nightmare ! another angle - dark and halloway dark and butter we plain bread with delicious pain . you de understand a little . Dark lounge casually against the table . halloway you be know in this town ... my father know you . halloway pick up a Bible from the table , hold it as : dark ( with contempt ) you father the preacher . that half - man ! halloway he live on goodness . dark tasteless fare ! bad marriage , funeral , lose love and lonely bed . that be we diet . we suck that misery and find it sweet ! we search for more always . he move nearer to halloway , who hold the Bible out between they , like a shield against evil . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 100 . 170 continued - 4 170 close on will and jim listen , as : dark voice 0.s. we can smell boy ulcerate to be man , a thousand mile off ... another angle - halloway and dark halloway thrust the Bible out toward Dark who , still smile , continue : dark and hear a middle - age fool like you groan with midnight despair , from half around the world ! with this , unexpectedly , Dark snatch the Bible from halloway 's hand . halloway can only stare as Dark handle the book , shaking he head . dark ( continue ) book can not hurt I , old man . he move towards halloway , point at he chest . dark ( continue ) yes , old - because you heart be - old . '' listen to it ... halloway , despite himself , put he hand to he chest , shake he head as though to rid himself of the SOUND of he heart beat , beat ... dark ( continue ) tell I where the boy be hide and I will make you young again . halloway shake he head ' no ' . Dark calmly proceed , open - ing the Bible , as : dark ( continue ) I will turn you year back for you to ... let 's say 30 ? speak , or you have miss it ! halloway do not speak . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 101. 170 continued - 5 . 170 dark ( continue ) go ! ( tear a page from Bible , crumple it and throw it on the floor ) 31 then ? ( tear out another page , crumple and drop it ) 32 ? a year of a man 's prime , love by many woman . what do you say , you might still learn to swim . no ...? 32 go ! ntear out another page ) 33 , 34 , 35 . time to make a fortune and father a family , a year when you could still run upstairs without panting . go ... go ! 36 , 37 . where be they ? . ( with each count , he tear a page from the Bible , crumple it and throw it to the floor ) insert the page on the floor . dark voice ©.S. ( continue ) hear you heart . hear my count . thirty -eight ... back to scene dark ( continue ) thirty nine , now , thirty nine - a fine , a youngish year ... close on halloway he hear he heart , shut he eye . dark voice 0.ss. «.. oh , forty - and hear you old , old heart ! ( rip another page ) close on will unable to restrain himself , he call out , anguish : continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 102. 170 continued - 6 170 will dad ! no ! do not listen ! back to dark and ralloway the echoes in the library leap about . Dark smile , nod , pleased as halloway stiffen at the SOUND of he son 's voice . dark and be that the voice of sunlight and green grass , sweet eden 's child , the innocent young will . he rip out several more page as : dark ( continue ) where be they ?... forty three ? close on halloway dark voice 0.s. forty four , forty five , get old ! another angle - dark and halloway Dark finish with swift , hard contempt : dark Pool ! forty seven , forty nine , fifty two - you be lose ! he send the Bible careen down the table in a avalanche of book , they page tumble open revealing picture , demon ... halloway damn you ! he leap forward , strike at Dark . Dark seize he fist , crush it . halloway melt because : close shot ~ he fist crush by Dark 's hand . we hear the bone crack - a cry of pain . another angle Dark hurl halloway back against . the shelf ; book cascade down on he ashe iie there , unconscious . Dark turn to call into the silent stack . continued prod . 170 0233 - 8/24/81 103. continued - 7 170 dark Jim ...? will ...? close up ~ will dark voice 0.s. time to go ... close up - jim dark voice 0.s. Jim nightshade ... what a good , what a proper name to put on we carnival ... another angle - dark move in the stack , look up leave and right at the title ast dark Dark and nightshade 's pandemonium Carnival ... close on jim his mouth tremble with desire to reply . dark voice 0.s. you name , Jim ... mister nightshade ... back to dark prowling the stack as : dark will , then . will ? you mother be at the carnival tonight ... close up - will terrify , hear : tear start to he eye . dark voice 0.s. we put she on the merry - go-round ... will gasp in a breath , faintly . a sob escape he . another angle - dark hear it , move in its direction as : continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 104 . 170 continued - 8 170 dark -.- and ride she backwards and forward until she be quite mad . another sob , o.s . dark ( continue ) oh , fine , yes , fine . keep it up . another angle - halloway lie on the floor , still unconscious . he moan slightly . . another angle - dark begin to climb the stack slowly , steadily , softly . close shot - fx Dark 's shadow pass over the book . as it do so , the illuminate gold title letter fade , die , give up they fire . dark voice 0.s . now where would you be file , I wonder ? another angle - dark hand come over the edge of a shelf , like a tarantula . dark voice 0.s. under F for frightened ? his tarantula -hand crawl higher ... dark voice 0.s. ( continue ) or T for terrify ? close on dark shutting he eye with quiet pleasure as he reach higher and sigh . dark yessss .... close on jim his eye blink wide ; he peer back down along he body ... prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 105 . 170 continued - 9 170 171 another angle «+- where Dark 's spider - finger creep along he leg , up over he rump , to caress along he spine to he neck . and grabi Jim let out a yelp . close on will he start up at the SOUND , andat the same moment Dark 's other hand seize he . another angle Dark yank the two boy off they shelf . book tumble like a avalanche . another angle - halloway he stir , moan again . back to dark and the boy < Dark regards they almost with affection , as they struggle ineffectually . dark well , here 's a couple of fine new book . {he give will a sudden , savage jerk ) I will enjoy cut this one 's page . he half - drag , half - carry the struggle boy through the stack . antoher angle as they arrive at a big window overlook the Main Street and the church opposite . will suddenly stop struggle . his eye widen as he sees : ext . STREET and church - night 171 he mother come out of church , tug at she glove . will voice 0.s. Mom ! oh , Mom ! she glance up , as though sense the call , look around . then move off , talk to a neighbor . prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 106 . 172 int . library - night dark seem I make a little mistake . it must have be you mother , Jim , riding the merry - go-round . Jim gulp , struggle , as : dark ( continue ) but you will not need she any - more . you have a new mother . now . he twist the boy round , nod he head at : another angle - a cloud of dust which float out from the stack . through it , we see the dust witch - the most beautiful woman in the world - wait there in the half - dark . the boy whimper , half - shout , see she . Dark 's black , furry hand tighten around they neck , as the Dust witch approach they , sinuously . her long hand reach out on the air , wisping small cloud of dust . mr . dark time to quiet this two chatterer . time to still this two whisperer . lose they tongue until I choose to find they again . another angle the Dust witch put she long finger on the hoy ' lip , close they , as : witch quiet , you two chatterer ... still , you two whisperer . the boy stand quietly . the witch drop she hand . something stir in the stack . Dark whirl . dark Pov halloway be there , in great pain , try to move , continued 172 prod . 172 173 0233 ~ 8/24/81 107 . continued . 172 to act , gasping . he crawl towards Mr. Dark , reach - ing out for he . support himself on the stack , he be get slowly , painfully to he foot . ' another angle dark ( to the Dust witch , gesture towards halloway ) give he a brief taste of death . so that he may recog - nize it when it come again , soon . Dark tap the boy on the neck to start they . they drift off ahead . Dark follow . we hear the door slam shut . another angle the Dust witch , in half shadow , turn towards halloway who be lean against the book . ext . MAIN STREET and church - night 173 as Dark and the boy reach the foot of the library step , the dwarf emerge from the shadow of a stone lion and join they . they move along the night street , pass Dr. Douglas who stand outside the church talk ~ ing to the minister .- he turn he head and see the small cavaicade . douglas why hello there , boy ! no reply . he look curiously at they . Dark smile at he . dark we be go to collect we prize . the boy move on steadily , flanke by Dark and the dwarf . Douglas lock after they , call : douglas have a good time . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 108. 174 175 176 177 int . library - night 174 the Dust witch stand near halloway who wait , stare . she lift she right hand toward he . it 's a beautiful hand , glow with a red bloodstone ring , as she first touch he . witch Old man , hear you breathe ... Old man , hear you heart . her hand , she finger , exhale dust . with each intonation , the hand become uglier until it be a hair - cover claw . and with each intonation , halloway slide a few inch down the stack . witch ( continue ) stop you heart ... stop all ... halloway sink to the ground ; she kneel over he , still stroke he chest . witch ( continue ) slow now ... slower ... slowest ... we hear he heartbeat slow , slow ... ext . MAIN STREET - barbershop - night 175 the boy , Dark and the dwarf on each side , move steadily forward . as they approach the spin , light barber - pole , its rosy light illumine will 's face . he lift it as though to the sun , eye still close . his mouth work desperately as though to cry out , but no sound come . int . library - night 176 halloway be lie on the marble floor of the library , still and quiet as in death . in the b.g. we see the Dust witch glide across the floor and out of the door , which bang shut after she . ext . MAIN STREET ~ barbershop - night 177 Dark look at will , who be still try to cry out . Dark 's eye flare ; he reach up a hand and close it around the barber 's pole . the light dim , almost out . the wind start to rise , moaning and ruffling the captive boy ' hair . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 109 . 178 179 180 181 int . library - night 178 SOUND of the wind , which blow open a window not fastened properly . the window bang and clatter . . the wind blow round the stack and the camera move down to the crumpled page of the Bible Dark leave on the floor . we see the crumpled page start to move , skitter with a dry SOUND across the great marble desert of floor . the page gain speed as the wind gain strength . another angle we see halloway lie as though dead . a crumpled page of the Bible blow against he face . then another , and another page blow against he ... he slowly open he eye . ext . carnival midway - night 179 Dark and the two boy , with the dwarf , move along . the midway . Dark , he head bent , murmur softly : dark and what time we will have , Jim , you and i. Dark and nightshade ... nightshade and Dark ... and will ? we will ride he backwards , shall we ? turn he into a baby - a plaything for we friend here ? the dwarf , hearing this , giggle , pinch will 's arm , he cheek . , int . library - night 180 halloway have struggle to he foot . he stand lean on the table , panting , breathless . he look around at the empty aisle , empty air with filter dust between the stack . he feel he heart , shake he head incredulously . then , clutching he crush and swollen hand , he move pain - fully towards the door . ext . nightshade house - night 181 Mrs. nightshade come out of the house and start off down the street . she 's carry she ' free ride ' ticket and be dress in she best and smile happily . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 ilo. 182 183 184 185 int , MAIN ( freak ) tent - night 182 Dark , with Jim immobile at he side , watch as the dwarf gleefully seat will with the waxenlike figure , among whom we recognize ... Mr. tetley , miss foley , crosetti and the boy Ed . dark ( to will ) wait ... sleep ... ext . outskirt of GREEN town - night 183 halloway stumble along , clutching he injure hand . ext . carnival - carousel tent - night 184 Dark and the dwarf flank Jim , who move like a sleep - walker , as they approach the carousel tent . dark ( softly ) and now , Jim , you turn . to ride . to grow . and be my son - my partner . we carnival need innocent ' young blood . they enter the tent . int . MAIN ( freak ) tent - night 185 will sit quite still , eye close , among the row of figure , face the open to the mirror maze , illuminate by the strange , almost personally alive light from the mirror beyond . the only SOUND be the soft breathe of the warlike figure . then something move at the main entrance to the tent . another angle the Dust witch stand there , she eye gleam catlike in the shadow . she see will and move sinuously towards he , around he , caress he face with she extraordinary long hand . he remain still . behind he , she lean forward , she long , silky hair veiling he face . Dust sift from she fingertip , as she begin to wind the hair around he throat . there be a strangle moan o.s. and we see : another angle - tom FURY the lightning rod salesman , in he electric chair , rod in hand . he moan again . in the faint light he eye rotate madly , saliva trickle from he mouth . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 lll . 186 ext . carnival - entrance to midway - night 186 187 as halloway approach the entrance to the carnival , we see in f.g. the figure of a woman stand stare towards the dark tent . it be Mrs. nightshade , she ' free ride 's ticket in she hand . hear halloway 's footstep , she turn , peer toward he . mrs . nightshade Harry ! be that you , Harry ? halloway move towards she . mrs . nightshade I be sorry ... I be expect ... I mean , I get a message ... hayloway reach she , see the ticket and , with he good hand , wrench it from she grasp , crumple it , hurt it from he , as : halloway whatever you wére expect , they will deceive you ! whatever - the message , they will be lie ! believe I and go home . : mrs . nightshade ica not . I must wait here for Harry . halloway go home , Mrs. nightshade . go home , for God 's sake . the man come for you be not you husband . Mrs. nightshade hesitates , puzzle , then turn and go away towards the meadow as halloway move away from she , call : : halloway will ! will ...! int . carousel tent - night 187 Dark , he hand on the carousel switch , freeze as he hear : halloway' voice 0.s. will ! where be you , will ? Jim , stand quietly beside Dark , make no move . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 112. 187 continued 187 188 189 190 dark the old mam} - fhiss to dwarf ) he do not learn he lesson ! this ~ time stop he heart forever . - he gesture towards the dwarf , who scuttle quickly away . Dark remove 's he hand from the switch , lay it on Jim 's shoulder . dark wait , son . soon ... very soon now ... int . MAIN ( freak ) tent - night 188 the Dust witch have wound a silken hair collar around will 's throat . it seem to pulse like a great snake as she long hand stroke it . eye close , lip parte , she weave she head almost orgasmically as she begin to pull the gleam strand tight ... tighter ... suddenly she pause , lift she head as she hear : halloway' voice 0.s. will ...t ext . mirror maze - night 183 halloway stumble along midway , call : halloway will ...! will ...! as he reach the mirror maze , he sees the squat figure of the dwarf stand in the entrance , beckone , nodd he grotesque head . halloway swerve , push past the dwarf . int . mirror maze - night 190 halloway enter the corridor of glow mirror . ahead of he flow sluice of silver light and , at the far end : halloway' Pov the distant figure of will , seat , still as a statue - and the Dust witch behind he , she hand at he throat . she stare back at halloway down the corridor of mirror . another angle halloway stumble towards they , but as he do so the mirror seem to shift and move , block he progress . and in that mirror , reflect and re-reflected , be image of himself , seem to stride towards he . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 113. 190 191 192 193 continued . 190 dust witch voice 0.s. Old man , see yourself ... old man , see you death ... halloway blindly stumble on , but wherever he go , more mirror confront he . a army of halloways seem to converge on he - imagesof himself at 60 , 70 , 90 ... he call desperately : . halloway will ...! int , MAIN ( freak ) tent - night 191 halloway' voice 0.s. +.e help I , son ! will 's eye spring open . for a moment he sit . there daze as : halloway' voice 0.s. ( continue ; croaking now , like a old mar n 's ) -+. help I ! will struggle desperately to rise , but the witch 's hand hold he firmly , she long nail digging into he small shoulder . he cry out , frantically : will dad ! int . mirror maze - night 192 halloway , sobbing now , blunder among the mirror like a old man , he face draw and become line as the face of the myriad image that confront he on every side . suddenly , he fall to he knee , crouch there , sobbing , gasping for breath as the army of ancient man shamble forward . he give one final , despair cry of pain and terror . int . MAIN ( freak ) tent - night 193 will wrench himself free from the witch 's grasp and run , stumbling , toward the maze entrance . he stare blindly inte the confusion of mirror - see he father distantly through row upon row of horrifying age image . he batter he small fist against the mirror , call , he voice crack with the effort - so quiet that at first it 'slittle more than a whisper . will : dadi ! oh , dad ~ please ! i... love you ! continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 114. 193 194 195 continued 193 - the Dust witch thrust will aside and move swiftly into : int . mirror maze ~ night 194 halloway , still on he knee , seemingly about to be en- gulf by the ghastly senile squadron of image , raise he head and look towards a mirror and see : he Pov will reflect , stand with he hand out towards he father . his voice sound a little louder - and then louder again as the phrase be repeat . will voice I love youl ! I love you ! the word seem to bounce and reverberate from the mirror ... " Love you . Love you . " and halloway see the ancient army hesitate , pause . the mirror begin to shift and shake ... and the small , shine figure of will stand among they , still hold out he hand . will voice 0.5. ( continue ) I love you ! I love you ! there be a rumble of thunder o.s. another angle ~ halloway his dimme eye brighter , the ageingline seem to smooth out on he face . he start to rise . another angle the witch be glide towards halloway among the mirror . she approach he , she eye bright with rage and frus - tration as the dim figure of the old man vanish as though in a mist . will voice ( louder and more insistent ) I love yout the witch halt in she track . ext . MAIN tent and mirror maze - night iss the sky above be dark with thunder cloud . a great streak of lightn crack down from the sky , illuminate the scene , seem to strike straight down on : prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 115. 196° 197 int . MAIN ( freak ) tent - night 196 Tom fury , as though galvanize by the lightning , spring to life . spark dance around he - blue flame leap along the lightning rod in he hand . his eye be fix on the entrance to the mirror maze . he move towards it . another crackle of lightning - and a scream from the Dust witch o.s . Tom pury plunge past will and into : int . mirror maze - night 197 the mirror shift and revolve as we see : tom fury' Pov the Dust witch enclose in the mist mirror , which press in on she from every side , hold she fast . rime seem to gather on the mirror ... and it be as though she be once again . back in the long floe of ice we see in the undertaker 's parlor - once again the most beautiful woman in the world , sleep in eternal frost . another angle Tom fury let out a bubbling , gurgle cry : FURY -.-most ... beautiful ... and as though in a desperate effort to break the ice and release she , he plunge the flame lightning rod through the frost ice glass . the rod , pierce the glass , impale the Dust witch . closer angle . for one second we see she eye open , terrify ... then she begin to dissolve , melt as though to water , fade , fade ... until we see , within the mirror ice block only she phantom shape , the ghost of she flow limb ... the red bloodstone ring drip blood ... another angle Tom pury fall to he knee , crouch there , sobbing . around he the other mirror shiver , crack , disintegrate , tumble , collapse . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 116. 197 198 199 continued 197 another angle across the crouch figure of Tom fury , will and he father stare at each other . will hurl himself at halloway , emgrace he . his father 's arm fold around he . for a moment they stand there . then : the SOUND of the calliope start up o.s . will raise he head . will Jim ? together , they run from the maze . long shot the shattered maze . Tom fury crouch , sobbing . Beyond he from the recess of the freak tent we hear , 0.s. , a strange moaning chorus , a stir and rustle . ext . carousel tent - night 198 Dark thunder cloud hover over the light tent as halloway and will run toward it . the sound of calliope music o.s. int . carousel tent - night 199 the carousel be turn . Jim watch fascinate as the brass pole , the prancing beast flash by . the fever color flush he face and eye as Dark urge he forward . : dark King of the Carnival . my son . Jim take a step toward the carousel , then : will voice 0.s. ( call ) Jim ! Dark grimace with rage , again urge Jim forward , as : dark my son ... my partner ... forever ... another angle halloway and will burst into the tent . Dark , see they , leap onto the carousel and , reach down , literally haul Jim aboard . continued prod . 199 0233 - 8/24/81 117 . ( lst Rev. 9/30/81 ) continued . 199 will no ! halloway and will run toward the carousel . ** jim' Pov will , below , run alongside - soon to be lose . ' will Pov 199a 1998 look up at the face of he friend , he bloed brother , Jim , alight with summer passion . another angle jim we ( cry desperately to Jim ) Jim ... do not ... do not ditch I ! another angle : as Jim swing by he , halloway dive in a football tackle - grab Jim 's leg , yanking he off the carousel . Jim fly through the air like a rag doll , fall to the ground . ext . carousel tent - night ~ eae 199a a roar of thunder envelop the tent . a great fork of lightning crackle down through the canvas . a huge , jag tear appear in the roof and side of the tent . int / ext . carousel tent = night '' ae 199b fhe lightning strike the control box . spark fly from the control . the carousel buck , go mad . the cal - liope music screech dementedly as it whirl forward , hurl Dark among the prancing animal . another angle Jim lie as though dead . halloway stand panting , gasping , as will kneel beside he friend . tear pour from he eye . another angle - the carousel Dark try to rise - be strike by the fly hoof of one of the beast , who seem to move of they own craze volition . another angle will , now sobbing uncontrollably , be suddenly yank to he foot . halloway 's hand slap he across the face , jolting the tear from he eye . continued prod . 199b 0233 ~ 8/24/81 118 . ( lst Rev. 9/30/81 ) continued eek 199e halloway stop that , do you hear ? stop it ! will gulp , unable to believe he father have strike he . halloway tear ! that 's what they like ! my God , they love tear . the more you bawl the more they drink the salt from you chin . that 's no way to save young jim. jump around ! whoop and holler ! another angle will stare in amazement as halloway begin to cavort wildly , in time with the now frenzied calliope music . halloway leok at I ! I be the dance stork ! the great whooping crane ! despite himself , will 's mouth tremble in a grin , as : will dad , you be crazy ! in 8b.g. , we see the spin carousel - and Dark , who try to rise again but the momentum be too great - as : halloway sure I be crazy ! come on , darn you ! jump ! will I ... I can not ! halloway ( jeer ) you be not get the stuff ! and , like father like son , that do it ! will 's eye blaze . he start to jig up and down wildly . halloway that 's it , son ! keep it up ! they jig wildly together , as - another angle - the carousel Dark , panicked , grope for the brass rod , fumble , try to pull himself upright . he whirl by once , and again - and we see that he be ageing fast . another angle thunder rumble again , very close now . a few drop of rain fall through the tear roof , now open to the element . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 119 . {lst Rev. 9/30/81 199b continued - 1 ake 199e another angle will have join he father in he mad dance . the rain in - crease . halloway let out a bellow - balloway ( sing ) '' camptown lady sing dis song ... " will '' dooh -dah ! dooh -dah ! " halloway you sound like a sparrow in a tin can ! " camptown racetrack 's five mile long ... " another angle - the carousel halloway & will o.s. ( continue ) " oh , dooh - dah , day ! " Dark , cling desperately to the carousel , scream as : closer angle he sees he hand , he finger shriveling . he put one withere hand to he face , feel the flesh prolapse under he touch . over this , above the SOUND of the mad calliope music - halloway & will ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) " come down dah wid my hat cave in . dooh -dah , dooh - dah , I go back home wid a pocket full of tin , oh , dooh - dah day ! " another angle the rain become more persistent , splash on halloway and will and on Jim 's face . will pause , look down at he . halloway jerk he arm , pull he back into the dance as : halloway no , do not look at he ! sing , darn you , sing ! another angle - the carousel the rain pour down . the SOUND of halloway & will 's singing continue - continued prod . 1998 . 200 0233 - 8/24/81 120 . ( lst Rev. 9/30/8 : continued ~ 2 wee 1995 halloway & will ( 0.s. ) " gwine to run all night , gwine to run all day , I bet my money on de bob-tail nag somebody bet on de bay ... " and , during this , we see Dark 's old , old face contort as he feel something dreadful . his blear eye peer down and see that he right leg have crack , the bone be dusting away to shrapnel and papyrus . he sink in wild outrage and despair . his skeletal finger loose they hold . his hair blow about he face in a milk - white bloom . one eye gum shut . there be another rumble of thunder - another flash of light - ning illumine the scene . the carousel spin faster and faster . and Dark let out a last horrifying scream as of a thousand dead soul - the same SOUND we hear from the grave ~ yard as the train pass by . another angle hear this , halloway and will stop in they track and look toward the carousel . halloway & will Pov the carousel give a final buck and begin to slow , soughing and weeping itself to death . it stop , lurch , tilt . and the ghastly bundle of mummify flesh and old , old grey bone which once be Mr. Dark slide from it to the ground - still alive but puling like a baby and shriveling fast towards death . another angle will bury he face against he father 's chest , unable to look . and a great wind rise , whistling , echoing that final dreadful cry . the wall of the carousel tent tear apart , tatter , rip free . will raise he head and sees - ext . carnival ground - night 200 halloway & will Pov the tatter remain of the tent , fragment , fly away like cloud on the wind . and all over the carnival grounds freak , as though bring back to life , seuttle and run in every direction . among they we recognize the huge , dis - tinctive figure of Mr. cooger . another angle will shrink back against he father , eye wide with fright . ** halloway pull he around . continued prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 121 . ( 1st Rev. 9/30/8 200 continued 200 halloway no! come on , sing ! dance ! look happy ! happiness make they run . * the night people can not stand it . and he go into he dance again , whirling will around so that he foot almost leave the ground , while in b.g. , we see the flee freak - tent rippling , flutter , rip away from they pole . tent peg pop - tent rope snap - wire fly upward , as : halloway ( sing loudly ) someone 's in the kitchen with dinah ... " * will pick it up , join in as : . ** halloway & will . " someone 's in the kitchen I know , * someone 's in the kitchen with - {a crescendo ) di-nah ... 1 " and in the tiny pause after the crescendo they freeze , as : ae tim' voice ( 0.s. ) - ( faintly ) " gtrummin ' on the ... " * another angle - jim in f.g . they stare down at Jim , who smile up at they weakly , as : ae jim " , .. old banjo ... " * and they fall on he , laughing , yelling , caper . camera pull back as Jim get to he foot and they leap about , = push , pummel , tickle , whirling he around . another angle unseen by they , the dwarf waddle out of the shadow towards the pile of cloth and bone that be all that remain of Mr. Dark . strange bubbling sound emerge from its parchment mouth as the dwarf gather it in he arm and scuttle off , crooning over he obscene burden as though it be a child . in b.g. the last tatter remnant of the carnival vanish towards the horizon . the rain diminish , the wind drop . another angle - halloway & the boy as they let out a great shout of laughter and fall together ** in one great , swoop move , embrace , one person , in wondrous release and love . . continued prod. 0233 = 8/24/81 . 122. 200 ( lst Rev. 9/30/81 ) continued -. 1 : 200 another angle xe the rain stop . the dark cloud seem to roll back , back , away from they . Jim look around , then at the other . halloway smile at he , hug he close . halloway welcome back ... son . Jim look from he to will ; he mouth tremble . will ( smile at he ) be do it ! my ... we dad do it ! halloway we all do it . together . with love . remember that , boy . that 's what defeat they every * time . Love and laughter . a moment . then : will gosh , look ! another angle wee the sky have clear . the sun be rise over the distant town . will ( continue ) it 's dawn ! jim ( suddenly , as though inspire ) last one into Main Street be a old lady ! he start off at a run . will oh , no you do not ! he hare after he . halloway hesitates briefly , grin , call : rballoway no , sir ! he run after the boy , gain on they . prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 201 202 203 / 207 123 . ( 1st Rev. 9/30/81 ) ext , hilltop above meadow - dawn 201 the figure of halloway and the boy break over the rise , run - ning in tandem , they face bright with laughter . . * as they run out of frame , camera hold on the hill crest and we see , beyond , in the distance , a puff of smoke and hear the chuff - chuff of a train engine recede . the carnival be leave town - head for a distant horizon where dark cloud still hover far away . ext . MAIN STREET - dawn 202 barber pole in f.g. , motionless , only a very faint , dim ae light - as Jim , will and halloway race toward it , increase speed . arrive , they hand reach out simultaneously to touch , slap , hold it , as - halloway &. boy {in unison ) tie ! MAIN music theme start as , at they touch , the pole suddenly light up and . begin once again to spiral its red and white stripe upwards . for a moment they stand there , grin at each other , they face bath in the rosy glow . will suddenly think of something . he fish the harmonica out of he pocket , hand it to he father . halloway look ** at it , then at will , grin , put it to he mouth and pick up the theme music , as he and the boy , camera panning to hold they , walk away in warm companionship down the leaf - strewn early morning street ... end title - begin to rise - and under they we see : a series of dissolves - morning 203 / a_series 0 ? 2 207 miss foley ~ in she nightclothes , open she front door to pick a milk bottle off she step . she be she old self ... tom FURY - with he bag , stand at the end of Main rrs Street , thumbing a lift out of town ... mr . tetley - haul he wooden indian from inside he store ... mr. crosetti - in he barber shop , don he overall ... ** ed the barman - sweeping the sidewalk outside he bar ... camera pan to the poster on the wall , tatter now , for dark pandemonium carnival " . and , across it , a sticker which read : " returning soon by popular demand " ... fade out . eoodo0e