some kind of wonderful July 1 , 1986 original script scan , ocr would , and error correct for use on : somekindofwonderful.org ( February 2005 - last update : 17 April 2005 ) " some kind of wonderful black screen music . string . deep and dark . distant voice . ext . train yard a young man be walk along the track . a slow , aimless walk . lose and lonely . a set sun at he back . he 's handsome in a rugge , dangerous way . denim and leather . a great sadness and confusion on he face . his name be keith nelson . drum obliterate the string , and we return to black and title begin . fade in : int . bedroom - girl she 's play drum to the track . hard , serious . with great purpose and need . she 's boyish and tough . her prettiness be intentionally bury beneath acre of atti - tude . this be watt . drummer girl . fade to black . title continue fade in : int . bedroom - close - boy and girl beautiful girl , handsome boy . perfection meet perfection . make - out against the yellow slatted light of a darken bedroom . she 's amanda jone . he 's hardy jenn . fade to black . title continue to end ext . track - train a freight train be thunder down the track . a horn blast . the speed bulk dominate the frame . the SOUND of diesel engine and chatter track obliterate the music . ext . track the boy we see before , keith Nelson , continue down the track . he look up . ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 continued : he Pov the train be bear down on he . ext . track - another angle behind keith to see that he 's walk into the approach train . the horn blast again . closeup - keith watch the train . no reaction . a collision with the train will only give he what he want . Change . he Pov the train shudder and rock on the track . the horn blast and hold . closeup - keith still no change in expression . ext . track - keith and the train from behind keith . the train fill the frame . it 's nearly on he . he step out off the track at the last moment . ext . track - siding keith head down the embankment as the train hurtle past . no change in expression . ext . lower middle CLASS neighborhood - late afternoon the home of work people . squat bungalow , clean but modest . a black corvette be park in the driveway of one of the house . it stand out among the more utilitarian vehicle on the street . a incongruent luxury . a front door open , and the boy and the girl we see make - out in the title sequence step out of the house . her blouse be untucked , she hair 's muss , stock foot . she 's flushed and float . he 's in a hurry . done with she , on to other thing . she hold he back and kiss he . there 's no tenderness on he part . it 's one -side . ext . neighborhood - across the STREET keith be across the street , lean on a lamp post . his gritty hand wrap around the pole . washed but never clean . a hint of anger , a touch of resentment . hardy do not belong in the neighborhood . certainly do not de - serve the girl . ( continued ) 13 14 15 continued : he Pov hardy get in he car , fire the engine and back out of the driveway . amanda wave goodbye from the porch . hardy drop the corvette in gear and squeal away . a irresis - table show of disrespect for the neighborhood . closeup - keith there 's something tragic about he look . hardy have every - thing money can buy and be now steal the thing it can not . he Pov amanda go back in the house . closeup - keith his observation be careful and consider . he look at he greasy hand . too dirty to touch she . he push off the pole . ext . another block in the neighborhood a tired two story in a modest neighborhood . clean but simple . maybe a little nicer than amanda 's neighborhood . but not much . keith cut across the freshly mown lawn , up the drive - way and around the back of the house . int . kitchen keith 's mother , carol , be at a small build - in desk beneath a wall phone balance she checkbook . she 's wear nurse 's white . she work . dinner be on the fire . a ten -year- old girl , cindy , be sit at the kitchen table . she 's cata - loguing she garbage pail kid in a photo album . keith come in the back door . Cindy strike . cindy it 's semi-conscious keith . keith ignore she and continue through the kitchen . Carol address he without look up . carol hi , honey . how be work ? he exit into the dining room . carol you still have not tell I when you be go to cut you hair . ( continued ) 15 16 17 continued : cindy Mom ? you be flap you lip in vain . keith vacate . Carol address Cindy without look up . carol speak English , please . int . foyer keith cross out of the dining into the foyer . his father call to he from the live room . cliff ( v.0 . ) keith ? be that you ? keith stop at the bottom of the stair . he sigh . caught . he swing around and step into the live room . int . live room keith 's father , cliff , be sit on the couch . spread out before he be university brochure . closeup - keith he look at cliff and the brochure . he 's suspicious . closeup - cliff he speak without look at keith . cliff I have be check out college ... he look up at keith . closeup - keith Plays it flat . keith be not you a little too old for college ? a thin smile break through . closeup - cliff a incredulous stare . incredulous that keith can be so cavalier about a subject that cliff consider vital , press - ing and overwhelmingly serious . there 's no humor to he retort . ( continued ) 17 continued : cliff if I would go to college , I would not be sell tire six day a week . closeup - keith he do not like hearing cliff run himself down . closeup - cliff a word of warning . cliff if you do not get with the program , you will be sell tire , too . ( pause ; lighten - up ) you want to take a minute and look at this brochure ? a whole bunch of new one come in the mail today . ( sort through stack , find one , hold it up ) take a look . some of this be real nice . look at this , coed physical education . closeup - keith the last thing he want to do . keith can I do it later ? closeup - cliff he 's be put off before . cliff I be not try to break you back , I just want you to get off the dime and think about you future . closeup - keith he nod . he 's hear it before . closeup - cliff one last think . what 's really at the heart of the college issue . ( continued ) 17 18 continued : ( 2 ) cliff you get a shot to be the first guy in this family who do not have to wash he hand after a day 's work . closeup - keith he know . all too well . he show he hand to cliff . dirty . motor dirt . like cliff say . he push off the door arch and head back into the foyer . he head up the stair , side -stepping the debris pile on the stair to be carry up at anyone 's convenience . int . keith' bedroom keith open the door and stop cold . he Pov keith 's sister , LAURA , be sit on the floor go through he record . lp 's be out of they sleeve . she 's rudely hold a lp , look at the label . keith 's room be a shrine to art . it 's a serious shelter from the outside world . one wall be cover , every inch , with reproduction poster , art show poster , art postcard , reproduction tear from book and magazine . a collage of the history of art . a second wall be devote to he own sketches . a third wall be a trompe l'oeil of a endless marble gallery . the fourth wall be hang with he own can - vase . a stereo carefully put together out of discard piece and part . his bed be a mattress on the floor . a chair direct from the dump . a rug from off a curb during spring trash pick - up day . a desk make of a old door hold up by two oil drum . the surface be cover with sketches and india ink pen and brushes , ink bottle . clay and plas - ter model and study . everywhere be find object , thing intend for future piece and study . it be a artist 's studio in a boy 's bedroom . there 's no question from he surroundings that he 's serious about he talent . LAURA I be look for that song about the guy that kill himself for the girl that hate he gut . she look up . closeup - keith he 's furious at the intrusion . ( continued ) 18 19 continued : closeup - LAURA disregards he anger . LAURA do you know which song I be talk about ? keith take the lp from Laura . keith do you understand the concept of privacy ? LAURA yes , I do . that 's why I do not let anyone in my room . keith get out of here before I throw you ass out the window . LAURA ( outrage ) God , be you in a bad mood ! keith get outta here . LAURA be this a side effect of be massively unlike or ...? keith grab Laura by the arm , rip she to she foot , walk she to the door and shove she out . closeup - LAURA she 's enraged . LAURA if I get a black and blue mark you monger , you be dead ! the door slam on she . she scream at the top of she voice . LAURA ( 0.c. ) Mom ! omitted 20 int . dine room - later the family be eat dinner . Laura be show she upper arm to Carol . LAURA look at it . you see what he do to I ? Carol look . carol I do not see anything . LAURA then you need glass . if I want to sit out , I could not wear a bathing suit . cindy expose you skin to sunlight will make you old before you time . cliff ( to Laura ) you stay out of he room . ( to keith ) you get a problem with she , see I before you rough she up . keith what right do she have to break into my room ? and I do not rough she up . LAURA I have practically no feel leave in the upper part of my arm . cliff Drop it . LAURA I wish just once you guy could experience the humiliation of have the weirdest guy ina huge school be a blood relative . carol you father say , drop it . LAURA this whole family revolve around keith . I be sick of it . ( continued ) 20 21 continued : keith set down he fork and napkin . carol that 's not true and you know it . keith ( to Carol ) I will be upstairs . carol you have not finish you dinner . keith Excuse I . keith get up and exist . cliff call after he . cliff what about this college , keith ? ( pause ) I expect a answer . LAURA do you know what a total waste of money it 's go to be let he go to college ? he will have this expensive education that he will never use because all he want to do be make incredibly ugly art that will not ever look good in anybody 's house . cliff , Carol and Cindy stare at she . LAURA be I wrong ? int . keith' room music' playing . he 's sit at he desk look at a tatter photo . closeup - picture a candid snapshot . of a girl look back over she shoul - der . a catch expression on she face . a beautiful girl . the girl we see in the open . keith dip he brush in ink and apply it to paper . ( continued ) 21 22 23 24 25 10 . continued : closeup - paper a steady hand draw the sweep of a girl 's neck and shoul - der . another produce a fine , strong jawline . closeup - keith a hint of a smile as he look at he first stroke . the source music playing in the room be lose to a drum track played as score . the drum continue across the : CUT to : ext . high school a big , traditional high school . ext . parking lot a batter , waste Mini with English drive whip into the parking lot and fly into a parking spot narrowly miss the shiny new import on either side of the vacant spot . drum out on a cymbal splash . closeup - ground the car door open and a black patent - leather tie shoe , cover with metal stud step out of the car . we move up from the shoe , past wear , tear jeans , a tank top , black man 's brocade vest , drum stick shove in a black leather belt , red kid glove and a cheap digital watch on a metal stretch band shove halfway up the arm to the girl we see in the open . she 's watt , drummer girl . Big breathless smile enjoy the rush of a near miss , the affirmation of life that come from a challenge to it . she take off she tiny red sunglass and look in the car . drummer girl be you aware of how close that be ? int . car keith look up at she . he 's annoyed with she drive . the answer to she question be on he face . he can not help but smile at she exhilaration . he pick up he book off the seat and get out . ext . parking lot keith get out of the car . he have to squeeze out . drummer girl 's park a bit close on he side . ( continued ) 25 25 a 26 11 . continued : drummer girl imagine what I can do when I get my driver 's license back . she give he a big smile and twirl she drumstick . ext . parking lot hardy jenn and a couple of he friend be hang in the parking lot . lean against a trick - out Toyota truck . music 's come from inside the truck . hardy 's bend the radio antenna over . with he free hand , he 's hold the owner of the car away . his intention be not to do damage , only to harass he friend . the game be interrupt as something catch hardy 's eye . he Pov drummer girl and keith head into school . hardy and he friend hardy let the antenna go . he point out keith and drummer girl . Big derisive smile . ext . parking lot drummer girl and keith head across the lot to the school . they be unaware that they be be observe . she 's fiddl - ing with she drumstick as she walk . keith you do not have any book ? drummer girl not on I . keith you never study , do you ? drummer girl not school stuff . my urge be to make music . tell I how read " Lord of the fly ' ' 1l make I a better drummer . keith you have no desire to get out of this place ? drummer girl you be talk to someone who be raise on cocktail onion and cigarette butt . ( more ) 26 12 . continued : drummer girl ( cont 'd ) I would like nothing better . I have two foot . I will get out . I be not worried . you must be get heat from the old man about college again . keith it 's all he think about . drummer girl in comparative term , it 's probably better to have a old man nag you about the future than to have no old man not nag you about anything . keith thing not too great at home ? drummer girl the same . the reach for the school door . there 's a crowd . drummer girl tap out a little riff on the back pack of a kid stand in front of she . drummer girl it do not matter . as long as you stand by I , I be cover . keith where would I be without you ? drummer girl see as how I drive you to school every day , you would probably be sit on you front porch . the kid drummer girl be tapping on turn around . he 's a angry little freshman dead head . his name be Ray . ray do you mind ? drummer girl very much so . drummer girl twirl she stick and give the kid a pop on the top of he head . she step in front of he and open the door for keith . 27 28 13 . int . school - hallway keith and drummer girl continue down a crowded hallway . it 's a corridor claim by the headbanger . the angry flotsam of the school loiter on the window ledge , lis - tening to music , lay comatose , talk loudly , verbally abuse anyone and everyone that pass . include keith . his dark clothes , blank expression and boot make he ap - pear at home in the corridor . but he 's not immune to at - tack . voice hey ! paint my picture ! drummer girl ( to keith ) some day when you shit 's hang in a museum and this guy be od would you will be laugh . keith I be laugh now . drummer girl I think it 's hip that you paint . I think it 's hip that I drum . and it 's perfect that we be friend . keith stop . drummer girl stop . he look down . he Pov a leg be stick out , across he path . we move up to a big , ugly - look skinhead . he smile . closeup - keith he stare at the kid . do not give up anything . int . hallway keith step over the obstruction . the skinhead pull he leg in as keith raise he leg and make he highstep over nothing . a laugh . keith stare at the skinhead . drummer girl that 's real original . how long you be pull that one ? skinhead ( unfaze ) how long have you be a lesbian ? drummer girl 's face go ashen . keith 's face tighten . ( continued ) 28 29 14 . continued : skinhead you be carry too much up front to be a guy . so you must be a ... keith grab skinhead by he jacket front and pull he to he foot . he realize that he 's grab more than he anticipate . skinhead tower over he . int . hallway a male teacher rudely shove he way through the crowd . he 's assign the security . shirt -sleeve and tie and two - way radio on he belt . teacher that 's enough ! he grab keith 's shoulder and push he aside . teacher clear out ! keith back away . teacher now ! he turn and head down the hall . drummer girl point she drumstick at skinhead . drummer girl wimp . she follow after keith . the teacher turn to skinhead . skinhead I do not do anything ! he jump on I ! why do not you nail he ? the teacher flip a pack of marlboro 's out of skinhead 's shirt pocket . skinhead it 's not my shirt . he reach around behind and yank a half pint out of he hip pocket . skinhead that 's just for show . he reach in the other pocket and take out a packet of ob - scene play card . the teacher look at they . ( continued ) 29 30 15 . continued : skinhead that be a gift . he try he most charming smile . teacher you just get detention , mister . int . library keith 's slump down in a chair in the back of the library . he 's work in a sketchpad . he 's get he eye on something . drawing . he Pov the girl we see in the open and in the photograph , amanda Jones , be across the room and forward of keith . a boy be sit at she table . his back be to keith . closeup - keith he 's obviously very take with she . watch she every move . he feel eye upon he . a uneasiness come over he . his eye shift quickly . he Pov - closeup on hardy hardy 's turn in he seat , look directly at keith . he 's not pleased . closeup - keith he 's catch . he look down to avoid the stare . a beat and he look up . he Pov we see that hardy be the boy with he back to keith . he 's turn around in he seat . amanda look from hardy to keith . closeup - keith tries to convince himself that he 's not intimidate . look away . another beat and he return he look to hardy . closeup - hardy he 's still stare at keith . he point to keith , hold up a pencil , point to amanda , point to he neck , point to keith , point to the pencil , turn it straight up and snap it in half . ( continued ) 30 16 . continued : int . library - librarian a crusty , older woman look up with a scowl and let out a loud , shhh ! closeup - keith look at hardy to let he know that he do not scare that easily . closeup - amanda she look from hardy to keith . wonder what keith be do . int . hallway keith be walk down the hallway . drummer girl push she way through the crowd to keith . drummer girl keith ! he stop . she 's flustered and nervous . drummer girl be you sit down ? keith no . I be stand in the hall . drummer girl right . I have some bad news . keith what ? drummer girl this be unconfirm but I have it from a reliable source . keith what ? drummer girl I think you father 's at school . keith how do you know it 's my father ? drummer girl you know that hat he wear ? 30 B 17 . closeup - hat a straw panama be rest on a desk . int . counselor' office cliff have take half a hour off work to visit keith 's counselor , a gaunt man in he fifty , mr. gale . cliff so there 's nothing special we need to know about fill out the application ? mr . gale just what we have cover . cliff I do not mean to be a pain in the butt about this , I just want to double - check . you know kid they wait until the last minute on everything . mr . gale you have plenty of time . have keith decide on a school yet ? cliff we be zeroing in on a few . mr . gale he 's indicate to I a interest in a couple of art school . cliff I do not think that 's go to happen . he come out of a art school , what 's he qualified to do ? I be look for a good business program . I think he have a good head for business . mr . gale the indication I have get be that he 's more creatively inclined . cliff Fine . we be look for a business school . he can be creative in he spare time . how 's he do other - wise ? mr . gale Fine . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 18 . 30 C 30d continued : cliff grade hold up ? mr . gale very well . cliff pick up he hat and offer he hand to Mr. gale . cliff good . thanks for the time . mr . gale if you have any more question do not hesitate to call . cliff I appreciate it . int . hallway cliff head down a empty hallway . we move ahead of he to skinhead . he 's stand at a locker , pry it open with a large screwdriver . he hear cliff come , turn toward camera , shove the screwdriver down he front and close he jacket . to avoid a problem , skinhead take the immediate offensive position . he turn as cliff reach he . skinhead Excuse I , sir . can I see you hall pass ? cliff be surprised by the request . cliff I do not have a pass . I 'ma parent . I be see Mr. gale . I be on my way out . skinhead please do not think I rude , sir , but we have to limit access to this hallway to student and authorize person only . you have no idea how many unsavory type try to gain entry to the school to prey on the youngster . they bring in contraband , control substance , obscene rock and roll lyric . I be tell you , sir , it 's like wolf run free in the hen house . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 18a . 30d continued : cliff I be head right out . skinhead I be sure you be , sir . you have a honest face and a overall honorable body shape . I be just alert you to the rule . from a concerned teen to a concerned parent . cliff Boy , I get two kid who I wish have you attitude . skinhead it 's refresh , be not it ? cliff very . thanks . skinhead God bless . cliff smile and continue on he way . skinhead wait a beat and return to the locker . 30e int . classroom - LAURA she 's sit in class . all eye turn to the door . her Pov he wave to Laura . closeup - LAURA we push in on she face as she scream . 31 int . school art room keith 's wear paint-splatter jeans and a T-shirt . he 's sit on the back of a chair , study a canvas he 's work on . he 's hold a paint brush in he tooth . it 's after school . late . he hear talk in the hallway . he look out the door . 32 he Pov hardy and a sophomore girl , mia , be talk in the hall - way . 33 closeup - keith he study the situation , listen carefully . 34 35 36 19 . int . hallway Mia 's back be to the locker . hardy 's stand in front of she , lean forward , rest he elbow on the locker . engulf she . she 's completely under he spell . he 's older , he 's richer , he 's handsome , he 's popular , he 's dangerous . hardy ( soften ) I want you to stay close but not too close . you back off when I say , okay ? she nod , yes . hardy it will get good . Mia nod . he give she a gentle kiss . hardy both you parent work ? Mia nod . hardy good . maybe I will come over after school one day this week . int . hallway - amanda her Pov hardy and Mia . the tail end of the kiss . hardy pull back from she . he look down the hall and catch amanda look at he . he step back from Mia . she shoot a look to amanda . hardy look at she . she head off down the hall . hardy smile . he start toward amanda with he arm outspread . hardy ( to himself ) shit ... int . hallway - amanda she turn to she locker and open it . she 's angry and hurt . hardy approach she , act as if he 's do no - thing wrong . hardy you wanna go to you place ? ( continued ) 36 20 . continued : amanda glare at he , throw she book in she locker and grab she coat . hardy what 's wrong ? amanda try to get away . hardy block she . amanda do you mind ? hardy yes I do . I want to know what 's wrong . amanda do not respond ? hardy Mia ? amanda I be impressed , you ask she name . hardy she 's a friend of my little sister . her brother be ina pretty serious car accident , and she 's a little upset . amanda glare at he . she 's never be very good hold up she side of a argument with hardy . hardy I be wait for you . I know you be come , why would I be try to make another girl ? it make no sense at all . amanda back down a bit . he 's charming logic leave she without a immediate counter . hardy how can you be so beautiful and so insecure at the same time ? in lieu of something to say , she hold she look on he . hardy trust be the basis of any relationship . I trust you . he lean forward and kiss she forehead . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 21 . 36 37 38 39 40 4l 42 continued : ( 2 ) hardy I will drive you home . he point to a ring on he baby finger . he point to she . he slip it off , take she hand , slip the ring on she finger and kiss she again . she do not say yes . she do not say no . hardy take the answer as yes . hardy I will get the car and meet you in front . he head down the hall . in the direction Mia go . amanda look at the floor and sigh angrily . she 's upset with herself . she want to bust he but can not . she sense that she 's be watch . she turn . her Pov keith 's stand in a open doorway look at she . closeup - amanda she feel uncomfortable . wonder if he overhear the con - versation . she would rather keep she acquiescence to hardy a secret . closeup - keith he 's hear it all . he 's worried for she . he know what a stroke job she get . he give she a two finger salute and a smile . closeup - amanda it 's too close . she exit . closeup - keith he watch the empty doorway for a long beat . he pick up he brush , dip it in a jar of turpentine and clean it on he work shirt . int . art room keith 's do for the day . he lay the brush down , peel off the shirt and look at the canvas . closeup - canvas a under-paint . sketchy , incomplete , but very good . music come up and carry across : CUT to : some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 22. 43 44 ext . gas station - night a clean , modern local service station . in the good part of town . the light be on in the repair bay and the office . int . gas station keith 's in the repair bay work on a jaguar . drummer girl 's sit on a work bench , tapping she stick on various surface . keith Jesus Christ ! drummer girl look up . keith two fly be have sex . it 's amazing . drummer girl it happen . keith go back to work . drummer girl how 's it feel to stand under a old jaguar ? keith about the same as stand under a old Ford . dirty and hot . drummer girl as she drum she way around the work bench , she hit keith 's sketch book . she throw he a look back and open the book . keith ( 0.c . ) you wanna stand under it ? closeup - book she leaf through the book and the sketches of amanda . she find the tatter photo . closeup - drummer girl she look at keith . closeup - keith he flip a tool in the box . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 22a. 44 continued : drummer girl she put the photo back and close the book drummer girl be you call out for food ? keith no . keith return to the underside of the car . keith you can call if you want . ( continued ) 23 . 44 continued : drummer girl you have any money ? keith yeah . drummer girl if I get hungrier , I will call . keith do not you ever eat at home ? drummer girl I do not like to eat alone . keith where 's you mom ? drummer girl which way 's the wind blow ? drummer girl lean back as she abruptly change the subject . drummer girl if you want to , you could blow every guy in this feeble town out of the water . from a female , popularity , sexual relationship standpoint . keith look at she . he do not understand what she mean . keith I be not interested in blow anybody out of the water . drummer girl yeah ? keith yeah . drummer girl so what 's the deal with amanda Jones ? keith pause in he work . she 's hit something . he con - tinue . drummer girl ( look down ) I know you be think about she . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 24 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) keith wrong . drummer girl we have be friend too long to bullshit each other . I know when something 's go on inside you . and I know amanda Jones be on you mind . ( look up ) you have always be on you own . I like you because you do not follow everybody . you be not sheep . you do not sell you soul to belong . and it 's scary to I that you might change that . keith nothing 's change . drummer girl look I in the eye and tell I you do not think about amanda Jones . keith turn to she . keith so what if I do ? what do you care ? drummer girl oh , come on . you be better than she . she 's a major part of everything you do not believe in . keith she 's not that much different . drummer girl yeah ? who 's be lie to you ? she 's worse than different . she cross town to belong to the lowest of the low . if that 's the kind of person who inspire you , you have get a morality problem . keith you sound a little jealous . exactly . drummer girl be stunne that he nail she feel - ing and be oblige to deny . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 25 . 44 45 46 continued : ( 3 ) drummer girl of what ? her ? yeah , right . keith you be afraid that , if I go out with amanda , we could not be friend . drummer girl that would be entirely my choice and I be not worried about it because , regardless of what I say , you be too internal to open up and ask she out , so why do not we change the subject ? a bell ring in the station . keith flip he wrench into the tool box . keith you bring it up . drummer girl yeah . and I bring it up because I care about you . she do not . she have one thing on she mind and you do not make enough of it to matter to she . I rest my case . keith wipe he hand on he jeans and exit the station . drummer girl speak of the she-devil . ext . station the black corvette 's park at the pump . hardy and amanda . keith walk out of the repair bay . closeup - keith he slow as he recognize amanda . closeup - hardy and amanda hardy see keith . amanda look around at he . hardy blows the horn and hold it several long beat . closeup - keith he be not amused . a hard , cold look pass over he face . ext . station he walk around the front of the corvette . ( continued ) 26 . 46 continued : hardy twenty dollar , super unlead . ( pause , smile ) check the oil . hardy reach under the dash and pop the hood . keith step back to the pump and remove the hose . he uncap the tank and shove the hose nozzle in . hardy be nice , or I will make you check the tire . keith sigh with disgust . he look at amanda . she avoid he . hardy so , this be what you do for a live , huh ? keith look at he . say nothing . he walk to the front of the car . he open the hood . keith you want to cut the engine ? hardy my pleasure . he turn off the engine . keith lean into the engine can - vity and look for the dipstick . he find it and yank it out . the horn blows . hardy ( 0.c . ) sorry about that . my hand slip . keith shake he head at the cheap trick . 47 int . car amanda be not amused by hardy 's cruelty . amanda why do not you cut it out ? hardy why do not you mind you own business ? 48 int . repair BAY drummer girl slide down off the bench and walk to the door . she look out . ( continued ) 48 49 27 . continued : her Pov keith 's check the oil . hardy and amanda be talk . keith slam the hood shut and walk back to the pump . closeup - drummer girl keen interest in the situation . ext . car keith 's watch the pump meter . hardy you like look at my girlfriend , huh ? keith glare at he . amanda give hardy ice . hardy ( to amanda ) what ? he like look at you . amanda shut -up , hardy . keith remove the nozzle from the tank . amanda shoot a look at he . he put the hose back and look at amanda . a serious look . a look that preserve what 's leave of he dignity . hardy I would recommend you keep you eye and you mind off my property . he start the engine . keith smile . he 's not frighten . hardy hold a twenty dollar bill between he index and middle finger . hardy here 's ten for the gas , ten for the look . keith look at the bill . pull it out of hardy 's hand . keith smile . hardy slam the car in gear and scream out of the station . keith watch he go . he fold the twenty and put it in he shirt pocket . he reach behind he back and pull hardy 's dipstick out . he toss it in the trash barrel . he walk back to the repair bay . closeup - pump meter it read , $ 8.00 . keith 's only give he ten dollar worth of gas . 50 51 52 53 54 28 . int . repair BAY drummer girl 's see everything . she would like to kill hardy . and possibly amanda . keith walk in . drummer girl keith ? I watch that . it be sick . if that be not the raw , bleed truth about amanda Jones , I do not know what be . if you think that 's interesting , you better pack it in . he pick up he tool and go back to work under the jaguar . drummer girl watch he . she turn up the radio and sit back on the bench . ext . school - tennis court Girls ' gym . tennis . a bell ring . a instructor blow a whistle and wave the girl in . ext . school - STREET hardy 's car pull up fast and stop . amanda get out . she 's wear a gym uniform . she reach into the car and grab a tennis racket . she hurry up the step onto the court . hardy pull away . amanda 's class be head back to school . she hurry to join they , hope to avoid de - tection . she rush into the crowd exite the court and quickly adjust to they gait . ext . bleacher keith and half a dozen other downtown boy be sit on the bleacher . they have spend they gym period watch girl ' gym . keith sit up as he see amanda join she class . he Pov from above , a instructor cut across the court and call to amanda . instructor amanda Jones ? amanda slow and stop . she know she 's catch . she curse under she breath . ext . bleacher - keith he lean over the side to watch and listen . he Pov the instructor catch up to amanda . ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 58 29 . continued : instructor excuse yourself from class to leave the grounds with the boy with the hot car busy you two week of morning detention . amanda I be just talk to he . instructor if all you want be talk , you could have get it without leave school . amanda what be you say , Mrs. albright ? instructor nothing that have not be say before . amanda hold she look on the instructor . instructor get inside . amanda turn angrily and head for the school . ext . bleacher - keith he 's see and hear the moment . a smile spread across he face as a idea streak through he brain . closeup - FIRE alarm a hand grab it , pull . the alarm goe off . ext . school the break of dawn . int . school doorway - keith keith 's stand in the doorway . a puzzle , worried look on he face . he scan the room . he Pov - inside detention room it 's fill with the meanest , most waste citizen of the school . motor-psycho maniac . they look to the door . closeup - keith he 's stunne . not a female face in the room . no amanda Jones . 59 60 30 . int . hallway amanda 's talk with a male teacher . he 's a middle - age goof with a massive brylcreme wave . he 's clearly appreci - ative of amanda 's charm . amanda it 's really sweet of you to not make I sit in there . it 's all guy . I would feel very weird . teacher I suppose it would not matter if you serve you detention in my office . amanda actually , I have a better idea . what if I do not serve detention at all ? what if I swear I will never do what I do again ? the teacher be unable to resist . he sigh . teacher we will keep this just between you and I . amanda ( sweet and phoney ) you be incredibly nice . and I love the way you wear you hair . teacher really ? amanda nod . the teacher give she a big , goofy smile . he 's fall like a bag of Portland cement . she exit . he turn and examine he hair in the reflective surface of a chrome fire extinguisher . int . detention room keith 's sit with the beast . the skinhead keith con - fronted earlier be sit next to he . skinhead serve you right , shithead . keith thanks . skinhead ( big smile ) my pleasure . they look at each other . it 's a tense stand - off . a long exchange of look that could go either way . 61 31 . ext . drummer girl be house - afternoon a small , dreary bungalow badly in need of paint , care and repair . sandwich in between freeway and refinery . keith and drummer girl be sit on the porch . semi-conscious hound be sprawle on the sidewalk below the porch . drummer girl 's fiddling with she drumstick . drummer girl if you do not figure you shit out pretty soon , it 's gonna get too embarrassing to be you friend . what kind of moron give himself two week of detention ? keith look away . he 's embarrassed enough . drummer girl you familiar with the Road runner cartoon ? beep ! beep ! keith I really do not need the insult . drummer girl you be go to hell in a hand - basket . amanda Jones do not know you , do not care about you . you be try to jerk off the impossible . how many time do I have to listen to myself tell you this ? keith hold a stare on she . keith you know what kind of a guy hardy be ? drummer girl handsome , rich , popular , muscular hot , happen and capable of reduce you head to a crimson stain on the wall . keith ( bitter chuckle ) you really know how to ferret - out the dark and ugly , do not you ? drummer girl I deal in reality . sometimes it 's rank and raw . it hurt . I know . ( more ) ( continued ) 61 32 . continued : drummer girl ( cont 'd ) the lifestyle I have choose for myself open I up to plenty of pain . if you think girl give you grief , consider what they lay on I . you can always pop a guy , but with girl you just have to eat it . keith ( stubborn , unmove ) hardy 's a jerk . he screw around , he treat she like shit ... drummer girl and obviously she get off on it . you be lose it ; and when it 's lose , all you be be a loser . keith you have no idea how I feel , so why do not you just butt - out of it ? drummer girl I know how you feel . keith yeah ? really ? you have be in love . drummer girl there 's lot of thing you do not know about I . keith ( with a smile ) who have you ever be in love with ? drummer girl turn defensive . she 's expose too many drummer girl you want to abuse yourself , be my guest . she slide off the bench , slip the drumstick into she belt and brushes the dust off she little ass . keith hey , watt , nothing venture , nothing gain , right ? ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 33 . 61 a61a a61b a61c a61d 61a continued : ( 2 ) drummer girl hey , keith , once a fool , always a fool , right ? she walk into the house . keith watch she go . keith I get nothing to lose . I have already suffer every humiliation know to man . ext . amanda' house she 's sit on the front porch with she baby brother in she lap , bounce he on she knee , play with he . ext . STREET keith 's across the street watch amanda . amanda as she play with the baby , she notice something . she look up . her Pov keith be stand across the street . amanda she 's curious why he 's watch she . a little uncomfor - table . she stand up with the baby . take he hand and wave it to keith . keith a bit of a smile . ext . amanda' house she go inside . ext . across the STREET keith watch a moment and continue home . int . detention room - morning keith 's in detention with the junior criminal . he 's work in he sketchbook . skinhead 's next to he , scratch on the desk top with a pocket knife . the fine hand of keith create and the crude paw of skin - head destroy . skinhead look up at keith . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 33A . 61a 62 continued : keith look up at skinhead . keith nod a greeting . skin - head stare at he . he glance down at keith 's sketchbook . keith tip it toward skinhead so that he can see what keith 's draw . skinhead grab the desk top and rip the far side from the frame . he tilt it toward keith so that keith can see he work . keith nod a reluctant ap - proval . int . girl ' locker room drummer girl have just come from she shower . she 's wear - ing a T-shirt , drying she hair with a towel . something catch she eye . her Pov amanda Jones . bra and panty , comb she hair . perfect light , perfect pose . she look like she 's in a french lin - gerie commercial . closeup - drummer girl she look amanda up and down . she look at she own body . the bust inside a white T-shirt , the curve of she boyish hip , she round , little belly . she make , to she mind , a dishearten comparison . it 's a girl 's body stand up to a woman' . she look back to amanda . her Pov amanda turn profile and tilt she head back . she bring a comb to she wet hair . closeup - drummer girl a little envy , a lot of curiosity . ( continued ) 62 63 34 . continued : closeup - amanda eye close as the hairbrush slide through golden hair . int . locker room - drummer girl full figure . T-shirt and boy 's slim boxer . a senior girl be stand across the aisle from drummer girl with a towel wrap around she . ( no nudity . ) her clothes be strewn about the floor and bench . she look at drummer girl . girl be that boy 's underpant ? amanda turn and look at drummer girl . she smile as she see the boy 's underpant . drummer girl yeah . so ? she pick up a drumstick off the bench . amanda exit . girl so , I never see a girl wear boy 's underpant . drummer girl twirl she stick like a baton . drummer girl you ever see a girl with a drumstick shove up she nose ? Long pause . girl be that some kind of threat ? drummer girl no , that 's some kind of warning . the girl click she tongue and head to the shower , leav - ing drummer girl to herself . she tuck she T-shirt into the boxer . she turn around and look at herself in the mirror at the end of the aisle . she strike a feminine pose . it do not work for she . drummer girl no way . music come up big and carry into and through the next scene . 64 65 66 35 . ext . STREET - night Big , wide and confusing . Friday on the boulevard . a end - less procession of car , shiny , custom extension of they owner ' fantasy perception of themselves . a massive street party . not unlike westwood on a Saturday night in summer or Palm Springs at Easter break . music be blow from window and the back of truck . clothes show on the sidewalk , mat - ing ritual , looker and taker . ext . STREET - keith keith 's sit on the back of a bus bench . he 's serious and determine . in the midst of , but apart from , the action . he Pov across the street . hardy 's crowd be dominate the curb for half a block . hardy 's at he car with Mia . ext . STREET - keith drummer girl come up behind he . she climb up on the back of the bench . drummer girl come on , lose soul , we be gonna miss the show . keith I do not think I will go . drummer girl look across the street . see hardy and the social action . she nod . drummer girl I be not gonna play dumb anymore . I know what you be hang around for . amanda Jones . I have be contemplate the matter and I have come to a conclusion . you interested ? keith drummer girl good , I will tell you anyway . I be , biologically speak , a babe . I have all the primary female body part , and as far as I have be able to determine , they be functional . ( continued ) 66 36 . continued : keith ( suspicious ) what be you get at ? drummer girl clear she throat , hesitates . search for the proper word . drummer girl do not take this as a come on , because it 's not . it 's totally operational . you be my close personal friend , and if this jive with amanda Jones have anything to do with sex ... ( nervous pause , look away ) ».. we could , maybe ... you know , maybe we could ... work something out , maybe . keith be flabbergasted at drummer girl 's intimate proposal . while the suggestion be bizarre , it 's also sincere and ob - viously a enormous gesture . keith be strangely touch and deeply appreciate it . keith it 's not suppose to be like that . I appreciate the offer but it 's not right . this be not about sex , watt . drummer girl ( shrug off the decline ) yeah . yeah . forget it . you be right . it would be ... keith not good . drummer girl yeah . forget it . there 's and uncomfortable pause . drummer girl I think , as a friend , it be only proper that I offer . keith thanks . another pause . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 37 . continued : ( 2 ) drummer girl do you really have to do this ? keith yeah . keith smile . drummer girl slap he on the back . drummer girl you need some gum ? keith ( pat he pocket ) I be cover . drummer girl pull she stick out of she belt . she salute keith with they and exit . he watch she with a fond smile . ext . sidewalk - amanda and shayne they be walk down the street . just cruise . ext . STREET - hardy he 's at he car with Mia . his back be to amanda and shayne as they approach . ext . sidewalk - amanda and shayne amanda see hardy and Mia . she pale at the sicken be - prise of a scene she 's already be through . ext . STREET - keith keith see amanda . he stand up . he steel himself . shift he eye back to hardy . ext . STREET - drummer girl she 's watch keith . she 's bite she lip in dread an- ticipation . ext . sidewalk amanda approach hardy . he see she . Big smile . Mia 's startle and show it . badly . amanda look dagger at hardy . it 's embarrassing and humiliate . hardy address Mia . hardy " bye . ( continued ) 72 73 38 . continued : Mia hesitates for a moment . hardy brushes she away with a backhand sweep . she give she try mia yeah . ( to amanda , catty ) " bye . hardy a ador smile as she head off . amanda hardy , I have have more than enough of this . if you be more of a person , there might be enough for two girl , but you be not . hardy yeah . well , this jealousy crap 's get a little tedious . amanda you will not have to take it anymore . hardy what 's that mean ? to get around he . he block she . amanda get outta my way . hardy not until we straighten this out . amanda that will not work anymore , hardy . hardy you walk out on I , where be you gonna go ? keith ( 0.c. ) amanda ? amanda turn . hardy look past she . ext . STREET - keith he 's stand alone and very small across the street . keith you get a minute ? ( continued ) 73 74 715 716 39 . continued : closeup - amanda she 's startle to see keith . the last person she need right now . closeup - hardy he turn to see keith . instant anger . closeup - amanda she look at hardy . she look at shayne . a notion strike she . closeup - shayne she look at amanda . she do not like the situation . not with hardy and certainly not with keith . the only outcome , in she mind , be a bad one . ext . STREET - amanda hardy 's look at amanda . he do not trust the situation . amanda look at hardy . a sly smile spread across she face . amanda Excuse I . amanda head toward keith . closeup - keith he stand he ground . firm and strong . ext . STREET - amanda she weave she way through the traffic . closeup - keith he watch and wait . run through he mind what he want to say . closeup - amanda she keep come . ext . STREET amanda reach keith . there 's a strange , uncomfortable pause . ( continued ) 716 77 78 40 . continued : keith amanda hi . what do you want ? amanda turn away , look back at shayne and hardy and the gather crowd . she turn back to keith . keith be you in a hurry ? amanda sort of . what do you want ? keith I be go to ask you if you want to go out , but if it 's too difficult ... amanda you want to ask I out ? keith I think that 's what I say . she stare at he . a bit of a smile . she look back at the other . ext . STREET - hardy and shayne a grow crowd watch the conversation . shayne 's nervous , shoot glance at hardy . his temper 's simmer . there Pov amanda turn back to keith . a moment ; they and they con - versation . amanda walk away . keith back away . turn and disappear into the sidewalk traffic . ext . STREET - hardy he push off he car as amanda return . he would like to kill she . shayne step forward to greet amanda . shayne what would he want ? amanda ( look at hardy , with a smile ) he ask I out . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 41 . 78 719 continued : shayne break up . the other join she . everybody but hardy . he 's serious . he know she 's grind he . shayne what would you say ? amanda look at hardy . at he friend . then back at shayne . amanda I say ... yes . she head back to the sidewalk and slip into the crowd . shayne look at hardy . he 's supremely burn . she smile sheepishly . shayne she 's just mad . shayne hurry to join amanda . ext . sidewalk amanda walk quickly through the crowd . shayne catch up . shayne be you crazy ? amanda maybe . shayne go back to hardy and straighten it out . amanda stop . she glare at shayne . amanda it 's okay for he to do what he want , but it 's not okay for I ? shayne it 's not okay . it 's just the way it be . if you want to drop he , do not do it like this . amanda can you drive I home ? shayne he 's really mad , a.j . it 's scary . ( continued ) 719 80 81 42 . continued : amanda I will walk . she walk on , leave shayne behind . shayne sigh with defeat and follow . ext . STREET - hardy he have not move . he 's stare across the street . his friend be patiently wait he out . he reach in he pocket and put a cigarette in he mouth . he light it , draw and exhales sharply . a friend break the silence . friend what do you want to do about this ? he push the guy aside and get in he car . he fire up the engine . int . keith' dine room - morning it 's Sunday morning . Big breakfast . cliff 's stare sus - piciously . chew very slowly . carol she 's sneaking curious glance between bite . LAURA she 's stare . very confuse . cindy same thing . keith he 's eat and smile . Big smile . he notice the family study he . stop . keith what ? cliff he squint . he do not understand . cliff why be you smile ? carol she smile . ( continued ) 81 43 . continued : carol what difference do it make ? I like it . cliff he look at Carol then back to keith . cliff do you do something to the car ? keith he look at cliff . keith I be not aware that I be smile . if it bother you , I will not do it . cliff he 's not entirely convinced . cliff you have not smile in a while . I be just curious about the change . keith stare at he . keith I have not have much to smile about , clifford . he look at Carol . carol she force a smile . carol you have a nice smile . keith hold the smile . keith thanks , Carol . 44 , int . dine room Laura 's hold she tongue . she 's be stare at keith the whole time . study the change in he . finally she speak . LAURA this be not true . it can not be . it have to be like the most hilarious rumor ever float , right ? keith do not respond . he just smile . carol what be you talk about ? LAURA okay , I be in town last night and I hear everybody say that keith ask a girl out . cindy no way ! LAURA check it out . she 's scandalously popular , insanely beautiful and obviously in the middle of some emotional shoot - out to consent to date the human tater tot . ( to keith ) what would you do to she ? threaten she life ? keith I just ask she out . LAURA her boyfriend 's a man , for Christ 's sake . he 's extensively easy on the eye , he 's a total buck and you be ... you be keith . carol be she nice , keith ? LAURA mother , the girl be sex . cindy for God 's sake , I be eat ! cliff I be glad you can find the time to think about girl . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 45 . 82 83 84 continued : the smile on keith 's face fade as the old subject of col - lege come up . cliff between the girl and you art kick , you do not have time for anything important . I will be dead and bury before you get off you butt and apply to a college . LAURA ease up , dad . any fool can get into a college . only a precious few can say the same thing about amanda Jones . cliff and keith stare at Laura . LAURA be I wrong ? int . detention room the beast be all armed with sketch pad and stick of charcoal . keith 's work on he pad . skinhead lean over to keith . skinhead this be a outstanding idea . most of this goons have little or no mode of creative expression . keith give he a smile . skinhead talent 's a terrible thing to waste . skinhead hold up he pad . skinhead check it out . keith look . closeup - pad a grotesque sketch of a skull with live eyeball . int . classroom keith nod a reluctant approval . ( continued ) 84 46 . continued : skinhead this be what my girlfriend would look like without skin . keith nod . skinhead while we be on the topic of the double - breast party machine , congratulation on you recent coup . keith smile . partly out of pride , partly out of he des - — criptive . keith you know about amanda Jones ? skinhead what ? you think I live in here ? I get a personal life . how would you swing that one ? she 's dangerous . keith I do not know , Duncan , I ask she out , and she just say , " yes . " skinhead what do you suppose she see in you ? no offense , of course . keith I guess I will find out sooner or later . skinhead any time somebody on the outside lift a woman off a guat like jenn , we can all find cause to rejoice . I be proud of you . punch she apron one time for I . keith I will see what I can do . skinhead you be a good man . sorry about give you so much grief over the year . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) skinhead if you would just pop one time , I would have leave you alone . ( confidential ) my bark 's bigger than my bite . he give keith a big smile . skinhead you need anything , you let I know . keith I will . 85 ext . school - courtyard drummer girl 's sit with a rough , little headbanger , ray . he clearly like she . he look like drummer girl may be he fashion leader . they be sit on wall . ray you want I to kiss you or feel you up or anything ? drummer girl stare at he . drummer girl you want to die young ? ray what kind of question be that ? drummer girl just sit next to I and shut up . drummer girl look down the hall . Ray shrug . he busy it . for a moment . ray do I have to say anything ? drummer girl how would you get to be so stupid ? ray I do not know . it just happen . drummer girl Jesus ... ( continued ) 85 86 48. continued : ray ( after a pause ) you do not have a boyfriend , do you ? drummer girl no . ray most of the guy I know think you be confuse . I know it 's all a act . you know how I know ? drummer girl be about to scream from he annoying question . ray because you radiate a sexual vibe . if you want to , you could be a girl ... ( snap he fin - ger ) like that . drummer girl this be 1987 . a girl can be whatever she want to be . ray I know . my mother 's a plumber . drummer girl that explain a lot about you , Ray . ray I have a great deal of respect for she . drummer girl sit up as something catch she eye . keith cross the courtyard . courtyard - drummer girl and ray she pose again . lean against Ray . drummer girl look at I like you like I . ( continued ) 86 49 , continued : ray hey , that will be absolutely no trouble . keith walk up . keith drummer girl hi , keith . what 's up ? she wait for a reaction from keith . drummer girl do you know Raymond ? keith no . he hold out he hand . Ray look at drummer girl . drummer girl glare at he . he shake keith 's hand . ray a pleasure . keith yeah . ( to drummer girl ) be you busy ? drummer girl just sit here with Raymond . why ? keith I need to borrow you car . if you have something to do , I would swing back around in a while and pick you up . drummer girl where be you go ? keith I want to give amanda a ride home . not what she want to hear . Ray stick he hand out . ray by the way , congratulation ; she 's smokin' . ( continued ) 86 87 50 . continued : ( 2 ) keith shake he hand . drummer girl fish she key out of she pocket . she flip they to keith . drummer girl I would appreciate a couple buck for gas . keith be surprised by the remark . he do not mind pay he way , it 's the manner in which she ask . he nod . keith about a hour ? drummer girl Fine . it 's just time . not like it mean anything . keith nod . he 's confuse by she attitude . he back away . drummer girl slide away from Ray . ray you gotta wait around a hour ? drummer girl nod . ray do you know how much damage we could do to each other in a hour ? he raise a eyebrow . drummer girl get up a leave he behind . he cross he leg and smile . ext . school keith 's sit outside . wait . amanda and shayne exit the school . keith stand up as she pass . keith amanda ? amanda and shayne stop . keith can I give you a ride home ? amanda look at shayne . she hold she tongue . she would love to laugh but know better . amanda I be go home with shayne . do you know each other ? ( continued ) 87 51 . continued : keith shake he head . he offer he hand . shayne hesi - tate . look at amanda before she take it . keith shayne hi. keith withdraw he hand . keith I think maybe we could talk . amanda well , I be ... ( pause ) why do not you call I ? keith yeah . okay . amanda feel terribly sorry for he . he 's melting in the presence of the two girl . shayne intercede . shayne ( to amanda ) why do not you go with he ? amanda look dagger at she . keith wait for the final a - swer . he study shayne 's involvement . amanda look at keith and smile with dread . amanda where be you park ? keith smile with relief . keith I will pull around . he head away . amanda turn on shayne . amanda thanks a lot ! shayne he 's give you the perfect opportunity to back out . he want to talk . tell he it 's over . tell he , you be back with hardy . ( continued ) 87 88 89 52 . continued : ( 2 ) amanda I be not back with hardy . shayne you want to tell he the truth ? you want to tell he that you use he ? amanda I do not use he . shayne oh , really ? you use he to get away from hardy . amanda it be not deliberate . it just happen . I be mad and he step in . it be just bad circumstance . shayne regardless , the longer you wait to kill it , the worse it 's gonna be . he 's completely delude . unless of course , you be interested in he . amanda shove shayne . she laugh . ext . parking lot drummer girl 's truck alone in a sea of blacktop . the starter 's scream . the engine will not turn over . int . car - keith a defeat sigh . keith shit , watt ... he Pov the gas gauge be on empty . ext . parking lot amanda 's give up wait for keith . she 's walk across the lot to he car . he 's stand at drummer girl 's car . keith the car will not start . ( continued ) 89 90 91 92 53. continued : amanda turn and yell to stop a suzuki samurai pull out of the lot . amanda shayne ! she wave she arm . the samurai stop , reverse and pull around . closeup - keith he watch shayne return for amanda . he 's lose . try and fail . he Pov amanda get in front . she look in the car then back at keith . she wave he over . ext . parking lot keith flip the key on the seat and head for the samurai . ext . parking lot - hardy he 's in he car . watch . he Pov keith climb in the jump seat of the samurai . closeup - hardy he want blood . int . samurai - later shayne and amanda be in front . keith 's in the jump seat . music' playing . shayne sneak a look at amanda . she be - turn it . shayne check keith in she rearview mirror . shayne where be we go ? keith Home . shayne where 's that ? keith D Street . ( continued ) 92 54 . continued : a long uncomfortable pause . closeup - keith he 's study amanda . he Pov amanda 's wear diamond stud earring . closeup - keith he think it 's odd that amanda 's wear diamond . con - sidering where she life . he lean forward . keith Nice earring . closeup - amanda she turn around to keith . a embarrassed smile . amanda they be not mine . I just borrow they from shayne . another nervous smile and she turn back around . shayne and amanda shayne look at amanda and motion to keith . she mouth " tell he . " amanda sneak a look around to the back seat . she return . look at shayne . shake she head slightly . shayne urge she with a stern look . shayne amanda ? do not you want to say something to ... ( to keith ) what 's you name again ? keith keith . amanda give shayne a sub-zero look . closeup - keith he watch the back of the two girl ' head . he 's cautious and suspicious . he 's feel supremely put down . he Pov amanda turn in the seat and look at he . ( continued ) 92 93 94 55 . continued : ( 2 ) closeup - keith he look at she . keith you want to forget the date . right ? closeup - amanda startle that he know . closeup - keith Little change in expression . his eye plead for truth . closeup - shayne she 's disgust with amanda . shift she eye to the rear - view mirror . closeup - amanda she back pedal a bit . amanda if you want out , I will understand . closeup - keith shake he head . keith if I want out , I would not have ask you in the first place . I do not want out . do you ? closeup - amanda she can not say it . a limp smile and she turn back . ext . keith house the samurai be park in front . keith get out . keith thanks . int . car - amanda and shayne shayne smile obsequiously . ( continued ) 94 95 56 . continued : shayne my pleasure . amanda just smile . keith he back away from the car . keith I will see you tomorrow . he take a few more backwards step . he 's afraid to turn he back on they for fear they will tongue knife he . he back - walk until it 's too stupid to continue . he turn , shove he hand in he back pocket and saunter up to he house . int . car - shayne and amanda shayne be angry with amanda . amanda turn she look from keith to the footwell . shayne that be swift . I give you the perfect window to throw he out of , and you go limp . amanda ( defensive ) maybe you can do that sort of thing . I can not . not in cold blood , anyway . shayne then I guess you get a new boyfriend . amanda look at she angrily . shayne he 's too dim to catch a hint . if you do not tell he , he will not get it . amanda so what if I go out with he once ? it 's not the end of the world . amanda and shayne look at keith 's house . ( continued ) 95 95 a 57 . continued : LAURA ( 0.c. ) hey ! what 's go on ? amanda and shayne turn quickly . there Pov Laura 's lean in shayne 's window . LAURA come by to see keith ? amanda and shayne they do not know Laura from Adam . they have no idea what she 's babbling about . shayne we give he a ride home . LAURA she laugh , fake and phoney . LAURA and he tell you we live here ? he be so modest . ( straight ) I suppose he do not say a word about we ancestral estate in Scotland or the apartment in Paris ? so modest ! this isa tax thing my father pick up . well , I have to run . I have to go over to we stable and comb out the horse . she back away from the car . amanda and shayne they stare at Laura like she 's lose she mind . int . dine room keith 's at the arch to the kitchen drink out of the orange juice carton . Laura walk in . LAURA hi , ass -face . I see you girl - friend out in front . keith lower the carton suspiciously . ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 99 58. continued : keith do she say anything to you ? LAURA that 's for I to know , and you to find out . she head up the stair . int . car - drummer girl she 's behind the wheel of she car . it 's move slowly . she 's try to figure out what happen to keith . a o.c. voice call to she . ray ( 0.c. ) how far be you go ? drummer girl the nearest gas station ! ext . school - parking lot drummer girl have enlist Ray to push she car . ray how far 's that ? drummer girl do not worry about it . you be young . ext . school - early morning the school be desert . int . school - art room keith 's sit on the back of a chair , study a large canvas . music' playing on he blaster . Dark and brood - ing . closeup - keith he have a paint brush in he tooth . he 's consider he work , plotting he next move . the music cut out . he look . he Pov hardy 's turn off the music . int . art room hardy sit on the edge of the table . he 's very calm and at ease . as if nothing 's happen between they . hardy how're you do ? keith all right . hardy you nervous about something ? keith no . be you ? hardy you look nervous . you okay ? keith I get no problem . hardy you always come to school early ? keith not always . you ? hardy never . keith so , why today ? hardy I want to talk to you . keith about ...? hardy ( big grin ) I do not come here to talk about art . keith do not reply . hardy smile . ease up . hardy I be completely cool with the situation . the truth ? I be look for a way out of the thing with amanda , and , weird as it be , you save I a tough talk . ( continued ) 59 . 100 60 . continued : keith I should believe that , right ? hardy why not ? it 's true . I do not want amanda hat I . I do not want anybody hat I . so , I would appreciate it if you would do I a favor . keith wait cautiously . hardy I do not know where you guy be go Saturday , but if you could swing it , I would like you to come by my place . I be have some friend over . the parent be in Europe . keith you be invite I to you house ? hardy yeah . I have invite a lot of people . something wrong ? keith I do not know . you tell I . hardy nothing wrong on my end . you get a inferiority complex or something ? ( pause ) I do not know you all that well ; I may not even like you if I get to know you . that 's not the issue . I have know amanda a long time ; I want to stay friend . and if it 's too much to bring she over , forget it . I be sorry I ask . keith put yourself in my position . maybe you will understand why I do not think this sound too good . hardy put yourself in mine . ( more ) ( continued ) 100 61 . continued : ( 2 ) hardy ( cont 'd ) I be big enough to invite a former girlfriend and the guy who steal she from I to a party . you think all this make I look good ? I have take plenty of shit over this one . keith that 's why I be a little cautious about you motive . hardy I will buy that . you want the plain truth ? keith shrug . he 's not so sure he would recognize it . hardy I have a lot of pride . and it 's be damage , and I do not like it . I can recover it , in my own mind at least , by show people whose opinion matter to I that you and I be friend . then it 's not like you steal amanda from I . bad blood make I look like a fool . if we be friend , it 's okay . I have trade off lot of girl to friend . that 's acceptable . it 's not acceptable some stranger lift amanda off I . keith the logic 's a little perverse . hardy probably , but that 's what it be . you tell anybody I have this conversation with you and I will kick the shit out of you . that 's a promise . he slide off the table and grab he gym bag . he head for the door . hardy it 's a party . it 's not the end of the world . he start out the door . ( continued ) 62. continued : ( 3 ) keith he 's change he mind . he want to believe hardy . keith hardy ? int . art room hardy turn back into the room . keith you be be straight with I ? hardy at this point , do you see a reason why I should play game ? keith I will ask amanda . hardy I already do . she 's okay with it . keith think a moment . keith I will be there . hardy ( friendly smile ) good . it would not be the weirdest thing in the world if you and I actually come out of this friend . keith he smile . a careful smile . keith yeah , it would . hardy Big , friendly smile . sincere as hell . hardy see ya . he swagger out of the room . 63 . int . girl ' gym a volleyball clan hang around after class . amanda 's talk with friend . int . girl ' gym - lobby door keith 's watch the class . he feel that she 's he now . he 's comfortable and confident . a hint of a smile . he 's lean on the door jamb . he roll back around the door to face out of the gym . his smile evaporate as he realize he 's be watch . he Pov watt be at the outside door . she 's be watch he watch amanda . she 's serious and slightly wounded . int . lobby keith smile . no change in watt . keith what 's go on ? drummer girl shrug . drummer girl first time in about two year you do not have lunch with I . be there a problem ? keith shake he head , no . a little guilt . drummer girl be I too weird to be around now that you be move up ? keith do not particularly care for the tone . keith I have something to do . drummer girl yeah . something you never have to do in two year before ? it 's cool . I just wonder where you be . keith I be around . drummer girl yeah . okay . she raise a hand and exit . keith wait a puzzle , sad beat . he turn back to the class . some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 64 . 105 ext . shayne's house a major piece of residential architecture . int . shaynes' room a large , well - appoint bedroom suite . the girl have some money . shayne 's on she bed . amanda 's slouched in a chair . shayne I recommend that you think twice before you make a sacrifice for this jerk . amanda what 's that mean ? shayne do not let some misfit joker tear up you life . nobody 's very excited about this affair . they see you as guilty as he be . you know what the truth be ? amanda from who 's point of view ? shayne your . you be not a natural fit in all this . they do not have to let you belong . you could be on the other side of the world for all anybody really care . you like be a part of something . do not kid you - self . it 's better to be in than out . ( pause ) all I be say be , you have one more year , why make it miserable ? just go along with thing . we will have a last good year and then we be outta here forever . amanda I be not make up with hardy . shayne then just be friend . but agree that you have to blow the date . okay ? right now he 's humiliate . go back , get this guy out of the way and then break up . do not get he in a corner like this . please ? ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 65 . 106 106a and 106b continued : amanda I be not afraid . so what if he 's humiliate . so aml . shayne shake she head in frustration . shayne you be not in control like he be . one word from he , and you be on ice . keith will live . I be sure , deep in he heart , he probably think you be gonna back out anyway . amanda if I back out , I be give in to hardy . shayne Fine . give in this once . do not make this a issue . it 's not worth it . if you keep the date you lose everything . amanda include you ? shayne I would never say it to you face , but I do not know what I will feel like if I be freeze out . you will not , either . why risk it for nothing ? amanda it 's not nothing . it 's a matter of pride . if you can not understand that , I feel sorry for you . shayne you go through with this , and I will be feel sorry for you . closeup - amanda there 's something forebode in the remark . push in on amanda . music come in and carry across the CUT . CUT to : omitted some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 66/67. 107 108 ext . club - establishing shot int . club - night keith 's sit at a table alone . he 's still riding he giant wave of delight . the place be loud and crowded with street people . a band' playing live . int . club - doorway drummer girl march into the club . she 's look for keith . a girl on a mission . she push she way through the place to keith 's table . she look at he . he look up at she . he raise a hand in greeting . thing be - tween they be stiff and formal . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 67a . 109 continued : drummer girl since when do you parent let you go clubbing on school night ? keith I be wait for amanda . drummer girl here ? she 's come here ? on a school night ? do I miss some - thing ? be there a new world order ? keith if you wanna knock I and make I feel bad , can you do it later ? drummer girl she say she would meet you here ? keith not in that word . drummer girl in any word ? keith shrug off the question , for which he have no answer . drummer girl slide into the booth . drummer girl maybe she do not have id . keith who do not have id ? drummer girl maybe she do not like you as much as you think . keith maybe . drummer girl do you miss I keith ? do you miss not be around I ? keith this be not the third grade anymore . ( continued ) 68. continued : ( 2 ) drummer girl ( wistfully ) I wish it be . keith it 's not . drummer girl I be not upset about she . I be upset about you . she 's the same . you be the one who 's change . keith what 's wrong with change ? drummer girl I like you better when you be a nothing . keith I wish you would take a few minute out of you day to sit down and think about what all this mean to I . drummer girl what about what it all mean to I ? keith it mean , you do not have a love - sick , depressed , boring friend anymore . drummer girl she do not love you . it 's a joke . it 's all a joke . keith scoff at the remark . keith oh , really ? drummer girl I would bet my hand on it . keith you do not want to make that bet . drummer girl yeah , I do . ( more ) ( continued ) 109 69 . continued : ( 3 ) drummer girl ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) I gotta split . this be too much agony for I . I have be think about you and I a lot lately and I come to a conclusion that I do not want to deal with , but now that we talk , I can not hide it anymore . ( deep breath ) I think we will get along much better if we do not spend so much time together anymore . keith why ? drummer girl because . I be drive you crazy , you be drive I crazy , and I would rather have you think good thing about I and not see I than see I and hate I . I can not afford to have you hate I , keith . the only thing I care about in this life be I , my drum and you . adios . she walk away from the table . keith call to she . keith watt ! she stop and turn . look at he a moment , turn and disappear into the crowd . closeup - keith a part of himself be walk out . there 's no obvious so - lution to the problem . he 's tear between love and friend - ship , and love have to win . he turn back . he look at he watch . he fear that amanda will not show . he slide down in the chair to wait it out . int . mall Big , new , anonymous mall . Laura be sit on a planter talk to a group of she friend . LAURA I be he sister . ( more ) ( continued ) 110 70 . continued : LAURA ( cont 'd ) if you be a brother or a sister , you be in . it 's like they have to accept you , or the whole social structure cave in . friend you get to go to party ? LAURA of course . I be probably go to the one Saturday at hardy jenn ' . keith 's go with amanda . we might double . friend 2 who would go out with you ? LAURA the choice be limitless . friend can we go , too ? LAURA eventually . if you stay cool . friend 2 you be lie . LAURA oh , really ? friend 2 yeah . friend 2 look down the mall . her Pov hardy and a group of he friend be hang around out - side a record store . int . mall - girl friend 2 turn back to Laura . friend 2 ( big grin ) if you be so tight with hardy 's people , why be not you down there with they ? ( continued ) 71 . 111 continued : LAURA because I be here with you , twerp . friend 2 maybe you be here because you be false . LAURA be this a challenge or something ? friend 2 yeah . Laura slide down off the planter . LAURA I be hang with you fungi in a vain effort to cool you out , but all I get be breeze , so , cie la vie . she head down the mall . the girl watch curiously . Laura sneak glance back at they . she 's over -estimate the si- tuation badly . girl they watch Laura head down the mall . friend 2 she 's a liar . her brother loathes she . he would never let she play with he rep . there Pov Laura stroll down the mall . she slow as she reach the boy . she look back at the girl , strike a attitude and flip they off . she slide up on another planter , adjacent to the group . it look like she 's a part of the group . LAURA she 's not really connect to the people . she 's just on the edge . she put herself in a sexy , careless attitude . the boy be below and to the side of she . unaware of she . hardy amanda have to bring he . what else can she do ? she can not take the pressure . she will bring he . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 72 . 111 112 continued : ( 3 ) closeup - LAURA a puzzle look as she eavesdrop . the boy hardy continue he conversation . hardy the party will go down as expect ; amanda will blow in with she guy ; we will nail he and go back to business as usual . it 's real simple . closeup - LAURA she 's devastate by what she 's overhear . stun . all the evil she 's do on keith come rush back on she . tear gather in she eye . she leap down off the planter and take off down the mall . the girl they watch as Laura charge past , break in and out of the crowd . friend 2 hey , Laura ! do they send you for beer ? the girl laugh . ext . mall - day Laura burst out the door and run to the bike rack . ext . keith' house it 's night . light be burn . Laura ride up on she bicycle . int . keith' room he 's lay in bed look at the sketch of amanda hang on the wall at the foot of he bed . music' playing . some - thing lonesome and pale . int . hallway - keith' door Laura 's listen at the door . she slip a table knife in the lock and compromise it . she turn the knob and open the door . 73. int . room - LAURA she stand at the door watch . Troubled . her Pov keith turn slowly to the door and see Laura . he stare at she . keith I guess you would not be you if you knock before break into my room . LAURA she 's serious and grieve . LAURA I be sorry , keith . I think if I knock , you would not open up , and I want to talk . int . room keith sit up on the bed . keith this should be interesting . Laura walk in and sit on the edge of he desk . LAURA I hear something tonight at the mall . hardy jenn and he guy be there , and I hear they talk about you . keith LAURA I have jump on you pretty hard for a pretty long time , keith . keith what 's you point ? LAURA you know the blood 's thicker than water stuff ? keith rotate he finger , signal she to get to the gist of she intrusion . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 74 . 117 continued : LAURA it 's true . I think I hate you . I really do . but I do not . keith what 's wrong ? LAURA keith , it 's a joke . amanda Jones . the date . the party . the whole thing 's a joke . she 's go out with you to get you to hardy jenn ' house so he can mess you up . keith freeze . LAURA I hear hardy say it . I hear he . it 's true . keith a joke ? LAURA I be sorry , keith . for everything . she back slowly out the room and close the door . we hear the click of the lock . Laura 's use she butter knife to secure the door for keith . music come up . keith turn to the window . closeup - keith stare out the window . he realize what a fool he 's be . how he 's turn from he friend . how expose he 's let himself get . he look at a sketch of amanda on he wall . he Pov - sketch amanda look over she shoulder . closeup - keith he shift he look from the sketch to out the window . he stare into the night . 117a ext . drummer girl be house - establishing - night keith walk up to the house . 118 int . drummer girl be room - night she 's beat on she drum . music' blasting . ( continued ) 75 . continued : she 's soak with sweat . she 's wear short and a tear piece of T-shirt for a bra . the room be drab and dingy . the total value of the content include the drum and stereo be nine cent . it 's a mess . the wall be decorate with graffiti . the door open , and keith walk in . drum - — mer girl look up at he . she smile and continue drum - ming . keith walk over and sit on the bed . drummer girl reach over with a drumstick , tip the tone arm on the turntable and send it into reject . the music end . keith you be get really good . drummer girl ( formal , stiff ) I be work on it . keith you be brother do not mind you play this late ? drummer girl I do not know . I never ask . to what do I owe the honor ? keith I get a little problem . drummer girl sense big trouble . she get off she seat and lay she stick down . keith you know how you tell I that the thing with amanda 's a joke ? drummer girl yeah ? keith it 's a joke . drummer girl you mean a joke , as in a joke on you ? keith nod . drummer girl wince . as angry as she be at he , she understand how bad he feel . keith Laura overhear hardy talk about it . amanda 's suppose to get I over to hardy 's house , and they be gonna pound I . ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) keith lean back on she bed . he reach behind he head and come up with a bra . drummer girl snatch it away with she drumstick . drummer girl good thing you find out about it . keith she do not like hardy . I know it . the guy use she up and down . drummer girl you be play word game . the fact be , she sucker - punch you and set you up to lose you face . keith I be not afraid of hardy . drummer girl you be gonna go through with this ? keith I have to . drummer girl you think it 's just hardy ? keith if the guy want I , he will get I . I do not have to go toa party . he will find another chance . I be not gonna hide . drummer girl leave it alone . keith I can not ? drummer girl why ? keith because I want to stand up to they . drummer girl yeah ? well , forget it . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . 118 continued : ( 3 ) drummer girl ( cont 'd ) it 's impossible . they rule the world , and that 's a fact , and you fight it , you get crush . another year and you be go . it 's better to swallow pride than blood . keith you do not think that . I be not go to believe that you think that . drummer girl be completely frustrated . she walk to the window and look out the curtain . keith I be not give in to they any - more . not for another year . not for another minute . drummer girl turn from the window . she can not argue he . keith I will do whatever I have to do to make she see I for what I be . drummer girl smile . she climb onto the bed . drummer girl all right . I get it . keith lean back on the bed . drummer girl lay down next to he . he turn he face to hers . keith I be sorry I be so tough with you . drummer girl I , too . he touch she cheek . keith you always hurt the one you love . drummer girl so , when're you beat the shit out of amanda Jones ? keith look away and laugh . drummer girl do not laugh . she just lay still , feel he body against hers . 78 . ext . school - quad amanda and shayne and a couple of anonymous friend be in the quad , talk . keith cross to they . amanda turn . shayne sneak a look at she . keith walk up . keith what time do you want I to pick you up Saturday ? amanda hesitates . she look at she friend . she 's embar - rass . keith you have to check with they to see what time you can go out ? amanda no. I be just ... she do not know what to say . keith you just what ? it 's a simple question . amanda I have to think , okay ? keith do not strain yourself . I will pick you up at 7:30 . if that 's a problem , call I . he turn and exit . shayne shit . what be that ? friend what a asshole . amanda shut up . amanda exit in the opposite direction of keith . friend be she serious about he ? shayne friend sound like it to I . ( continued ) rev . 119 119a 8/26/86 79 . continued : shayne you have a guy like that dogging you around for a week and see how clearly you think , okay ? ext . school - quad amanda be crossing the quad . keith call to she . she stop . he catch up to she . keith what time do you want I to pick you up Saturday ? amanda hesitates . she look over she shoulder . her Pov shayne and a couple of friend be across the quad . they glance across at amanda . keith and amanda she look back at keith . she concerned . keith you have to check with you friend to see what time you can go out ? amanda no. I be just ... she do not know what to say . keith you just what ? it 's a simple question . shayne and friend they watch amanda and keith . they be not pleased . there Pov amanda and keith talk . shayne and friend they exchange look and turn away . ( continued ) rev . 8/26/86 toa . 119a continued : amanda and keith amanda close the conversation . she 's anxious to get away from he . amanda pick I up whenever you want . keith 7:30 ? if you have a problem , call I . she nod . he turn and exit . amanda walk over to shayne and she friend . they be carry on a conversation . they do not acknowledge amanda when she walk up . they continue talk as if she be not there . shayne I hate go to Mexico . I would much rather go to the virgin Islands . amanda hi. holly I think we be go to aspen over Christmas . amanda I say , hi . shayne aspen 's okay . there 's not all that much to do at night , though . amanda come on you guy . what be this ? holly mostly private party . I have a pretty good time last spring . amanda shayne ? shayne it 's a totally different place in the spring . a lot more college people . amanda figure it out . she 's be put on ice . holly true . but what 's in the virgin Islands ? ( continued ) rev . 8/26/86 79b. 119a continued : shayne be you kid ? try a million guy . amanda this be it , right ? I be over ? holly I would go anywhere if I could bag the family and be on my own . amanda thanks . she back away . shayne I almost have my parent talk into let I go to ricky 's place in Santa Fe over Thanksgiving . holly be he parent there ? shayne no . there 's a pause in the conversation . holly she 's go . shayne look around . her Pov amanda disappear into the school . cu . shayne she loathes what she 's do . but consider that she have no choice . she look at Holly . cu . holly she shrug . holly it 's not you fault . cu . shayne she do not really believe it . she walk away . ( continued ) rev . 119a 120 8/26/86 7t9c . continued : shayne I do not know . holly you say you try to convince she . shayne yeah . but she 's my friend . what be friend for . holly now , shayne , you and I be grow - up enough to know what friend be for . shayne yeah . and I do my level best . holly sure you do . now come on and let 's get into some better company before I have to go wash my hand . shayne you really be something , Holly . holly ( beam smile ) be not we all . shayne nod in agreement . ext . school amanda 's crossing a play field , head to the locker room . she slow as she see hardy wait at the locker room door . the pause be momentary . she gather she strength and continue . amanda get lose , hardy . he block she entrance to the door with he arm . hardy you be still mad ? ( continued ) rev . 8/26/86 79d . 120 continued : hardy can we talk ? amanda no. she shove he arm away and walk into the girl ' locker room . hardy go right in with she . 121 int . girl ' locker room amanda stop and turn to hardy . amanda this be cute . hardy I want to talk to you . amanda it 's too late . hardy I have be in agony over this . amanda I doubt it . hardy what do I have to do to convince you that I love you ? ( continued ) 80. 121 continued : amanda start by leave I alone . I be late . she turn ; he grab she and turn she back . hardy you be go out with low - life just to hurt I , and you know what ? it 's work . it hurt . amanda you have get everybody apply pressure to get I to you house so you can prove what a stud you be by beat he up . hardy where would you hear that ? amanda give I some credit , will you ? hardy true , I invite he . not to beat he up . but just to show I be a good loser . amanda you be not a good loser . you be just a loser , period . she pull she arm free . a whistle blows . amanda look around . hardy look . there Pov the instructor who bust amanda earlier be stand be - fore they . she 's angry and mean . instructor what 's this ? hardy and amanda she 's scared . he could care less . hardy I be talk to amanda . can you give I two minute to finish it up ? ( continued ) 121 122 continued : ( 2 ) instructor she 's outrage . hardy he own the world . hardy do you mind ? there 's nothing in here that I have not see before . instructor she advance on hardy . instructor what 's you name ? hardy and amanda he hold up he hand to stop she . hardy it 's hardy jenn . with two ' n's . ( to amanda ) can I drive you home ? int . locker room the instructor grab hardy by the collar . he from she and back to the door . hardy I really appreciate this , lady . be a bitch , why do not you ? instructor consider yourself report . 81 . yank away he ignore the instructor and back out the door . hardy amanda ? you reputation 's hang in the balance here . play I around , and you will have a real lonely year . amanda so I hear . she walk into the locker room . hardy watch she go . he back away , turn and angrily kick the door open . some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 81a . 122a 122b ext . gas station a destroy volkswagen thing pull into the station and stop . skinhead get out . he walk into the repair bay . int . gas station keith 's at the workbench work on a carburetor . he look up . he Pov skinhead 's in the open bay . skinhead what 's go on ? keith he do not know why skinhead 's come to see he . he shrug . keith work . int . BAY skinhead walk over to the bench . keith wipe he hand on a rag . skinhead good money ? keith it 's okay . skinhead look at it as a career ? keith no . skinhead but you can always fall back on it . good move . listen , I hear about the bullshit with amanda Jones and how you be get set up . keith sigh . do the world know ? skinhead there be not a lot of thing I believe in , but one of they be , nobody set up nobody . ( more ) ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 81b . 122b continued : skinhead ( cont 'd ) hardy jenn be pretty rough , but he can be take . he only work in a pack . we get he alone and bing ! keith I do not want to beat anybody up . skinhead you pop a knuckle and the art gig 's historical , right ? perfectly understandable . keith I do not want a fight . that will not solve anything . skinhead look , one of the main reason I be such a asshole be , guy like hardy jenn . I can not deal with get look down on by they . I would rather have somebody inject I with hot lead than get laugh at . I can not handle it . my father say I be ruin my life to prove that I be worth something . he 's very perceptive for someone he age . keith smile at the extreme remark . skinhead I figure , spend two week next to you in morning jail qualify we as friend , and I tell you I would help you . I want to help you . if you do not want to nail jenn , tell I what I can do for you . keith be at a loss as to what skinhead could possibly do for he . skinhead if you be think about pound amanda Jones , I do not go in for that . keith the offer be help enough , okay ? I appreciate it . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/13/86 81c. 1228 continued : ( 2 ) skinhead if you can not think of some way that I can help you , I will feel outrageously worthless and crippled . promise I , you will think about it . keith offer he hand . skinhead look at it . it 's dirty . he hesitates , but shake it . keith I will think about it . skinhead cool . in the meantime , can I cop a gallon of gas ? I will pay you back Monday . 82 . 123 ext . railroad track - later keith and drummer girl be walk down the railroad track . drummer girl do you think anybody can tell you be carry $ 4,200 ? keith where would I get $ 4,200 ? drummer girl true . you want I to tell you one more time that I think you be crazy ? keith drummer girl you have be hoard that cash for year , right ? keith yeah . drummer girl ( pause ) how bad be you dad gonna ream you ? keith ( with a smile ) you will not be able to measure it with exist technology . drummer girl he 's a miser , huh ? keith no . it 's just real important to he that I go to college . drummer girl he do not go , huh ? keith shake he head , no . drummer girl I rag you a lot about you parent and family , but it 's only because I be jealous . it 's gotta feel pretty good to have somebody watch out for you like he do . ( continued ) 123 83. continue : keith sometimes . drummer girl he 's still gonna kill you , though , right ? keith probably . drummer girl ( long pause ) be it she body , or she face ? keith amanda ? I do not know . it 's everything . drummer girl consider the remark . drummer girl my grandmother once tell I I would have big boob when I grow up . keith sneak a look at she boob . keith what happen ? drummer girl shrug . drummer girl I do not know . I guess I be just lucky . keith ( pause ) I want to know why you be help I with all this ? drummer girl should I not help you ? you be my friend . Friends help each other . keith what do I do for you ? drummer girl no way on earth to put it into word . she walk ahead of keith and head down the embankment . keith consider what she 's say . no conclusion . a dis - tant train whistle blows . 124 125 126 ext . keith' house keith cut across the lawn to the back door . he enter . int . house keith come in the back door . silently . he carefully close the screen door . the faintest click of the screen door handle bring on a call from cliff in the live room . cliff ( 0.c. ) keith ? keith issue a silent curse for be catch . he turn . int . live room cliff 's on the couch with the college brochure , a calcu - lator and sheet of paper . he 's work figure . he turn to the foyer . cliff hey ! I get some great news today . keith look across at cliff . cliff that treasury bill I say be at the B of a at 6 and 3 / 4 % ( big smile ) they be at 7 % . keith hold he wince as cliff hit a tender subject . cliff that mean , you be earning a extra sixteen dollar a year per bill . keith manage a smile . keith that 's great . cliff you have get you first year money keith . now all you have to do be get off you can and pick a school to spend it on . keith yeah , I will get into it . he head upstairs . cliff turn back to he figure . 84 . 127 128 129 85 . int . keith' room he walk in and take off he jacket . he toss it on the chair and sit down on the bed . he take a huge wad of money out of he pocket . he unfold it and look at it . leafs through it , think . he glance up at the sketch of amanda . closeup - keith look at the picture . music come up and carry through the next sequence . extreme closeup - sketch full frame . amanda 's head be catch in a turn . Big smile . the sketch become live action . amanda turn and head down a mall with she best friend , shayne , the tall , elegant black girl . they be laugh and talk . as they clear frame , we see drummer girl slide out from behind a pillar . she follow . int . women' clothing store shayne and amanda be browsing the store . drummer girl slip in the door . she cross to the shoe and keep tabs on amanda as she pretend to look at the shoe . they be obviously revolting silly thing to she . closeup - customer a young woman be bent over , look closely at a pair of shoe she 's try on . she stop . look to the side . her Pov drummer girl 's patent - leather work shoe with the stud . closeup - woman she look up at drummer girl . her Pov drummer girl be look down on she . tough and mean . closeup - woman she go back to she shoe , intimidate by drummer girl . int . store amanda look through the rack of clothes . as she abandon a rack , drummer girl take she place , look at what she 's buy . ( continued ) 86 . continued : closeup - amanda and shayne they be sifting through hang blouse . shayne tug amanda 's sleeve to get she attention . she motion she head for amanda to look behind she . amanda discreetly turn and look . her Pov drummer girl be do a bad job of pretend to be pre- occupy . closeup - amanda and shayne shayne whisper to amanda . they leave the blouse and go into the dress room . int . store drummer girl slide over to the blouse . closeup - amanda and shayne they be watch from the dress area . shayne smile . she have a idea . she exit the dress room . amanda follow . int . store drummer girl watch out of the corner of she eye as amanda and shayne walk past she back . they clear , and once again , drummer girl follow . int . mall amanda and shayne walk down the mall . drummer girl be be - hind they . they turn into a store . int . men' clothing store amanda and shayne walk in . amanda do not get what shayne 's do . but she follow . a beat , and drummer girl slip into the store . int . store - amanda and shayne they cross to a rack of suit , and shayne start look through they . she motion to amanda to do the same . int . store - drummer girl she 's look at a rack of belt . keeping a watchful eye on the lady . 87 . int . store amanda and shayne leave the suit . shayne lead . they move to the back of the store . drummer girl leave the belt and look at the suit . closeup - drummer girl she 's look through the suit . she 's puzzle . she look at the sleeve , hold it , think for a minute . realize that something 's very wrong . she look up and turn . her Pov amanda and shayne be look directly at she . closeup - drummer girl she realize that she 's be catch . a beat and the embar - rassment hit . she turn back to the suit and curse she - self for let herself get trap . closeup - amanda and shayne shayne look at amanda with a smile . amanda be not amused at the prank . she exit . shayne do not know what she mean . a beat and she follow . int . store - doorway amanda stop at the door . shayne continue out into the mall . amanda look back at the suit rack . her Pov drummer girl be stare at the sleeve . she look back at amanda . a hurt , angry look . closeup - amanda a look of mild compassion . but still curious . what do the girl want ? ext . gas station drummer girl sit on a work bench . keith 's work on the vintage jaguar . drummer girl I think we have pretty much cover everything . all the arrangement have be make . keith right . ( continued ) 139 88. continued : drummer girl you know what you be go to say ? keith whatever come to mind . drummer girl you want to plan it out a little ? keith it will sound false . I will just do what my instinct tell I . drummer girl okay . keith give she a smile . he slam the hood shut and wipe he fingerprint off the paint . keith not a altogether terrible mode of transportation , huh ? she have something on she mind that 's hard to bring forth . drummer girl one last detail hang . keith toss the rag and lean back on the car . drummer girl do not think I be be weird , but what if she want you to kiss she ? keith give she a deadpan look . drummer girl I be serious . keith ( with a smile ) well , then I guess I will just have to kiss she . drummer girl I do not put in all this time and effort to have you blow it all because you be too vain to admit you be not the king of male sexuality . ( more ) ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 89 . 139 continued : ( 2 ) drummer girl ( cont 'd ) amanda Jones be no minor leaguer who will be sweep off she foot at the touch of you amateur lip . this babe have plenty of battle scar . keith thanks , but I think I can handle it . drummer girl I be not knock you . in this age of high - tech disease , you be probably smart keep to yourself . I just think that maybe you should consider whether or not you feel you can deliver a kiss that kill . a wave of doubt wash over keith . he pull a swift reverse . she wave keith you think I can not ? drummer girl if you say you can , you probably can . keith I be not a expert . drummer girl it 's fine . I be just go to work on it with you , but if you be comfortable ... keith how do you work on it ? he over to the bench . drummer girl pretend I be a girl , okay ? ( correct herself ) I mean , pretend I be she . amanda . it 's a big stretch , but try it . keith shrug . he can handle it . drummer girl what do you do with you hand ? keith it depend . ( continued ) 90 . 139 continued : ( 3 ) drummer girl it do not depend , they go on she hip . keith okay . drummer girl do it . keith do what ? drummer girl put you hand on my hip . keith stare at she . keith be you kid ? drummer girl this be just as weird for I as it be for you . let 's be man about it . keith take a step to the bench . another step and he 's face to face with she . he gingerly lay he hand on she hip . she grab he wrist and plant the hand firmly on she tight , little hip . drummer girl look in my eye . keith look into she eye . he laugh . drummer girl glare at he . drummer girl I do not have to do this , you know . keith sorry . it 's just ... drummer girl grow up a little . keith reset , clear he smile and look into she eye . drummer girl she will probably do this ... she put she arm around he neck . ( continued ) 91 . 139 continued : ( 4 ) keith how do you know ? drummer girl I watch a lot of tv. ( pause ) Close you eye . he close he eye . she take the opportunity to steel herself . she move slowly toward he . her lip part . she hesitates for a brief moment . he open he eye . drummer girl keep you eye close ! keith why be you stare at I ? drummer girl I be see if you look stupid . keith and ? drummer girl you be fine . keith slam he eye shut . she repeat the move and then gently put she lip to he . closeup - keith' hand his finger squeeze drummer girl 's hip . closeup - drummer girl hand she clutches he shirt . 140 int . garage drummer girl 's leg close around keith 's waist . closeup - keith and drummer girl she suddenly catch herself , open she eye and break the kiss . she push he away . drummer girl okay , fine ! keith what ?! ( continued ) 92 . 140 continued : drummer girl lesson 's over . you be cool . keith ( smile ) you be blush . drummer girl yeah , right . the day I blush ... keith that be very nice . you be pretty . drummer girl raise a leg , plant it on keith 's belly and fire he across the garage . she jump down off the bench . drummer girl if this be how you repay a favor I do not know if I be rich enough to be you friend . she storm out of the garage . keith be dumbfounded . keith I do not mean anything ! I be sorry . I be kid . closeup - drummer girl she stop . maybe she would rather he be not kid . she turn . keith he 's genuinely sorry he 's offended she . keith do not be mad , okay ? drummer girl she force a smile . keith he smile . keith I will not tell anybody about this . drummer girl she nod . she turn and head down the road . she wipe she mouth on she sleeve . ( continued ) 142 143 93. continued : ( 2 ) keith he watch she go . he smile . keith I will see you tonight ! he lean against the jaguar and watch she disappear down the road . " miss amanda Jones " by the Rolling Stones come up and carry across and through to the next sequence . CUT to : closeup - amanda jone she 's look in the mirror with wet hair , fresh from she shower . she 's stare at herself , unsure about what she 's embark on . closeup - drummer girl she 's stare in she break mirror . a towel around she shoulder . like a jock . wet hair . right from the bath . closeup - amanda jone she 's blow - drying she hair . closeup - drummer girl she 's towel drying she hair . short , hard burst . closeup - amanda she open a make - up case , load a brush and do she face . closeup - drummer girl open a make - up case . load a brush , turn she face to the mirror and blot out a small lightning bolt tattoo on she neck . closeup - leg a stock be draw up the leg . who 's leg ? closeup - bra a front clasp be fastened . closeup - waist panty top rise into frame and snap . closeup - clothes rack closet . a hand yank a blouse off the rack . closeup - garment bag plastic clothing store bag . it 's tear open . closeup - blouse a button 's fastened . closeup - pant fly up with the zipper closeup - wrist bracelet be load on a wrist . closeup - finger in quick order a ring be sly onto four finger . closeup - foot slide into a boot . closeup - lip lipstick , red and wet . closeup - ear Black glass stud . closeup - another ear a earring be remove . closeup - purse Hand load gum and money . closeup - head turn from the mirror so we only see a flurry of hair . closeup - second head same thing . closeup - keith he 's in the shower . the water 's beat on he face . sing to the track . ( continued ) 94 . 163 95 . continued : keith ( sing ) round and round she goe , the world of amanda jone , I say round and round and round , and round ... closeup - cliff he 's in the bathroom . he 's listen with a rise anger . keith ( 0.c. ) the little girl she just wander about , " til it's time for her coming out ... he Pov keith be outline in the plastic shower curtain . keith round and round and round , round and round and round ... closeup - toilet handle cliff 's index finger push the handle , flush the toilet . closeup - keith he continue sing . keith round and round and round ... the water suddenly run cold . keith 's eye open in shock . he scream . it lay nicely against the song as it come to a sudden end . keith Jesus Christ ! he rip the shower curtain aside to reveal cliff stare at he . keith dad ! what be you do ? cliff continue to stare . cliff get dress . I want to talk to you . ( continued ) 96 . continued : closeup - keith he know it 's the money . int . keith' room cliff 's stand at the window . keith walk in . he 's wear - ing jeans and a unbuttone shirt . cliff turn as keith come in . there 's and exchange of look . cliff I want to know what 's wrong . keith do not answer . cliff be you in trouble ? keith cliff be you at the bank recently ? keith blanch . his father know . the game be up . cliff you withdraw the college money ? keith realize there 's no point in lie . keith yeah . cliff it 's go back , pal . every last damn cent be go back . you do not get this close to something and piss it away . keith it 's not go back , because I do not have it . I spend it . cliff what would you buy ? a car ? whatever you buy , you can take it back . and you be gonna take it back . keith dad , I can not . I do not want to . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 97 . 165 continued : cliff I do not care what you want . the money 's go back in the bank . keith you be not listen . I do not have it . I can not get it back . cliff you have no right touch that money . keith I have every right . I earn it . cliff where 's the money ? keith dad , listen to I . the money 's not important . cliff you do not know what the hell you be say . keith I know what I be say . you just never listen . you only hear what you want . listen to I . I be not go to college . the money 's go . it 's not come back . it 's over . the whole dream . it 's not what I want , it 's what you want . I never want it . I just do not have the gut to tell you . cliff you be eighteen year old , for Christ 's sake ! keith next year I be nineteen . then I be twenty . when do my life belong to I ? cliff do not have a answer . it 's something he 's never consider . keith I be go out with a girl tonight . ( more ) ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 98 . 165 continued : ( 2 ) cliff cliff son 's keith keith ( cont 'd ) she 's beautiful , and everybody 's in love with she , and she 's go out with I . in the eye of most people around here , I be nothing . and probably in she eye , too . she 's go out with I to get back at she boyfriend . they have get this plan together to beat I up ... cliff who ? keith people at school . it 's all right . I can handle it . the point be , nobody think anything of I . to they , I be a zero , and so I do not start agree with they , I be go through with this date . I be go to show this girl that I be as good as anybody else . cliff you be gonna impress she with money ? that 's not a solution , keith . keith do not you have guy at school who do not fit in ? think about it . recall a few . keith well , I be one of that guy . look down . he 's never give much think to he social status . he assume that everything be fine . cliff I think thing be go all right for you . shrug . keith I like art , I work in a gas station , my best friend 's a tomboy . this be not thing that fly too well in the american high school . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 99 . 165 continued : ( 3 ) cliff so , what 's the money for ? keith the date . cliff you be serious ? keith nod he head . Dead serious . cliff how can you blow all that money ? keith it do not make much sense unless you be I . but I do it . if you want to nail I , I will understand . tonight 's for my future . no matter what happen , I will come out of it know that I mean something , if only to myself , and that 's worth forty - two hundred dollar . if I have to wait a year before I go to college , if I go to college , then that 's the way it have to be . cliff look at he long and hard . he nod . a bit of a smile . pride . he slap he knee and stand . cliff get dress . you be gonna be late . keith offer he hand . cliff take it . he shake keith 's hand and pull he into a embrace . keith thanks . they break embrace . cliff if it 's legal , I do not care what you do with the money . keith it 's all square . cliff reach in he pocket and come up with a couple of bill . he set they on keith 's desk . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 100 . 165 continued : ( 4 ) cliff so long as you be blow it here 's a little more . keith I be cover , dad . it 's not necessary . cliff keep it , or I will feel lousy . keith for what ? cliff for not take ten minute out of the last ten year to realize how lucky I be to be able to call you my son . keith smile . cliff do not be a hero . keith shake he head . cliff grab the door knob and open the door . Laura 's stand in the doorway . she 's hold a butter knife . LAURA hi . I be just come to tell keith that watt be downstairs to pick he up . cliff do not bug he . he 's in a hurry . cliff step around she and exit . Laura hang back . LAURA keith ? do you think it 's possible that dad will stay this cool , or do you think he will go back to normal in the morning ? keith I think he will stay cool . LAURA ( smile ) I will pray . good luck tonight . I get all my friend crossing they finger for you . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 101/102. 165 continued : ( 5 ) keith put he arm around she . she put hers around he . he kiss she forehead . she back away . LAURA you want I to lock up for you ? she twist the butter knife . keith sure . ext . amanda' house it 's dusk . Magic hour . a heraldic music string and the jaguar we have see keith work on glide into frame . closeup - door handle the driver 's door open , and drummer girl get out . she 's completely transformed . she 's forsaken the macho image and be coiff and dress in a fashion that be not a sell - out , but that be more true to she biological status . what be - main of she old wardrobe be the red glove . she walk around the car to the rear door and open it . keith step out . it 's a new keith . no grease , no blackness . Bright , new , strong . he offer he hand to drummer girl . she take it and kiss it . drummer girl gimme a break . look at we , for God 's sake . keith I think you look tremendous . ( continued ) 166 103 . continued : drummer girl it 's too bad my grandmother bit the dust . she would be proud . I be wear a bra . keith smile . drummer girl yes , it 's true . I break down and get I a boulder holder . it 's very weird and highly uncomfortable , and I guess this be personal , and I do not know why I be talk like this ; it 's none of you business , so go get you skag and let 's roll . she lean back against the car . keith salute she and head up to the house . drummer girl fidget with the bra . int . amanda' house - night the doorbell ring . amanda come down the stair . she look better than ever . she yell a farewell on the way down . amanda that 's for I ! " bye ! male voice what time will you be home ? amanda early ! female voice tell hardy hello for we ! amanda ( hesitates ) I will . she pull open the door . freezes . she take a closer look . amanda be startle by the change in keith . amanda hi. keith nod to she . keith you ready ? ( continued ) 167 167a 167b continued : she smile . amanda you look. ( diplomatic ) different . keith than what ? amanda before . keith no grease ? ext . house - STREET - night drummer girl 's stand at the car with the back door open . ext . house - night amanda and keith come down off the porch . she slow as she see the jaguar . she look at he again . keith what ? amanda be that you car ? keith for right now it be . amanda how would you get it ? keith be that important ? do you not want to ride in it ? amanda it 's fine . I just wonder . keith I can tell you . it 's not very exciting . ( pause ) it 's steal . a little hint of a smile spread across she cheek . ( continued ) 104 . some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 105 . 167b continued : keith I do not hot - wire it . I be work on it at the gas station . I do not think you would be impressed with the rotting mini , so I borrow this . amanda do the owner know about it ? keith no . should I call he ? she smile again . keith no ? yeah , let call he . he start back to she house . amanda stop he . keith I be just kid . ext . house - car drummer girl smile sheepishly as keith and amanda step to the car . there 's a moment of recognition as amanda and drummer girl exchange look . amanda recognize the clothes drummer girl 's wear as the clothes she be look at when drummer girl be tailing she at the mall . drummer girl know she know . drummer girl yeah , it 's I . amanda get in the car . keith give drummer girl a wink and get in . she close the door . drummer girl I be gonna love this one . I can feel it . omitted ext . CITY - night the jaguar be park in front of a barbeque place . the neighborhood 's dicey . drummer girl 's behind the wheel , listen to the radio , tapping she finger on the roof . a couple of kid be look at the car . drummer girl touch it and you die . some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 106 . 171 int . restaurant the real item . jamme with patron . loud and rowdy and smoky and tough . int . restaurant - booth keith be honest . how many guy have you go out with who would have the class to bring you to a place like this ? amanda none . keith I think so . amanda look , how this happen be as much a mystery to I as it be to you . and I be not any more thrilled than you . okay ? so stop give I attitude . keith I be give you attitude ? amanda like in the gym Friday . pull the power play with the he-man bullshit about I have to ask my friend permission . I do not care for it . keith it 's true , though , be not it ? amanda at least I have friend . keith do you ? really ? amanda hey , you want to end this right now ? keith you do not want to eat ? ( more ) ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 107 . 172 173 continued : keith ( cont 'd ) it 's order , you may as well bag some free chow . sit back and enjoy the atmosphere . pretend I be dead . amanda I wish . amanda turn around and look into the crowd . her Pov fifty people up to they elbow in barbeque . one of they wave a rib at she . closeup - amanda she smile sheepishly at he and return the wave . she turn back . int . restaurant - keith and amanda keith 's smile . amanda do not know why . a waitress serve a huge platter of rib . keith keep smile . amanda stare at the rib . then look up at he . keith what would you expect ? I work ata gas station . my inheritance will be a timex watch and a lawn mower . amanda I can not believe you would bring I to a place like this to eat something like that . keith it 's delicate . it 's elegant . he 's smile full - out . she break a smile . keith be you aware that you just smile ? what could that mean ? her smile grow . she can not stop it . it 's all so ridicu - lous . ext . STREET drummer girl 's out of the car . stand at the window , look in . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 107a . 174 continued : her Pov amanda and keith be talk . it 's obvious that the situ - ation have improve . closeup - drummer girl she turn from the window . a look , serious concern , on she face . int . restaurant amanda try to daintily eat a drip rib . amanda you work a lot ? keith not really . twenty hour a week maybe . amanda you like it ? keith sometimes . what about you ? do you work ? amanda keith you ever work ? amanda no . but I will work the summer . keith you do not work last summer ? amanda shake she head , no . keith Beach ? amanda smile . she know it 's a gentle insult . keith where do you get you money ? amanda why do not we talk about something else ? this be a drag . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 107b . 175 continued : keith what do you want to talk about ? Sports ? amanda smile . keith let she off the hook . keith do you wrestle ? she burst out laugh . ext . restaurant - later keith and amanda come out . drummer girl 's at the wheel . she glance over . keith 's wait for she to open the door . she groan and get out . amanda I can get the door . amanda reach for it . drummer girl I get it . sorry I be not more on the ball , I be comatose . she walk around to the door and open it . amanda get in . keith hand drummer girl a paper bag . keith I bring you something . drummer girl ( facetiously ) for I ? a gift ? keith I think you might be hungry . drummer girl jeez . thanks . eat rib and drive , that 's about as handy as ski and do you tax . keith I think you could eat at the next stop . drummer girl thanks , keith . can I book time to take a leak ? ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 176 continued : keith what 's you problem ? drummer girl nothing . keith lean over the door . ( continued ) 107c . 176 108 . continued : keith ( to amanda ) one second . he close the door . keith you volunteer to do this , you know . I be all prepare to drive myself , and you say , ' oh , no , I will drive , so you can talk . ' remember ? drummer girl it be this morning , moron , of course I remember . keith so , why be you give I shit ? she grab the bag from keith and walk around the front of the car . keith do not understand why she 's be so dif - ficult . int . car amanda 's watch the little spat . drummer girl get in and start the engine . keith get in . he give amanda a smile and drummer girl , a puzzle look . drummer girl if my dinner reek , let I know , I will put it in the trunk . amanda it 's fine . drummer girl then , we be off . she drop the car in gear and pull out . omitted int . car - drummer girl she 's behind the wheel . amanda and keith be in the back seat . keith 's look at drummer girl . he 's annoyed with she . she glance in the mirror and catch he look to she . she turn she eye forward , feel as if she let out too much emotion . she flip on the radio to help disguise she exposure . amanda slump down in the seat and lay she head back . ( continued ) 109 . continued : closeup - amanda she roll she head to the side and look at keith . her Pov keith 's look at drummer girl . closeup - amanda she look forward . think . ext . L.A. county museum of art - night it 's late . the museum be long close . the jaguar be park in front . drummer girl open the door for amanda and keith . they get out . amanda look up at the building . amanda what be we do here ? keith it 's a art museum . amanda I know . but what be we do here ? keith you do not like art ? amanda yeah , but be not it close ? keith that do not mean we can not go in . keith lead amanda up to the building . she do not get it . drummer girl lean back against the car . all she hope be slip away . ext . museum - loading dock amanda and keith approach the dock . keith give she a hand up . she clumsily climb the dark step . int . museum - loading area a heavy door open to reveal skinhead from the detention room . skinhead welcome . ( continued ) 110 . continued : closeup - amanda and keith amanda look curiously at keith . he give she a smile . it 's okay . he lead she in . int . loading area amanda and keith walk in . a security guard be stand be - hind skinhead . he 's a portly , middle - age man . security guard no monkey business . skinhead dad ? freeze it , okay ? please ? the guard reach for he key . he cross to a interior door and unlock it . he open it and hold it open for keith and amanda . keith hold he hand high . skinhead slap it . keith thanks . skinhead anything for a friend , pal . he raise a eyebrow in amanda 's direction , indicate he opinion of she . keith smile and nod . yes , the woman be molten . keith put he hand on the small of amanda 's back and lead she into the museum . the guard close the door . he turn back to skinhead . security guard I get fire for this , and you be in the dumper , Duncan . skinhead absolutely . the guard walk back over to he desk and sit down . he open he paper . skinhead walk over to the desk . skinhead dad ? I have not say this ina long time , and I might not say it again , but I love you boring old ass . the guard look at he . manage a smile . skinhead hold out he hand . the guard look at it . skinhead wiggle he finger . the guard sigh and hold out he hand . he wiggle he finger and , at the same time as skinhead , jerk he thumb back . ( continued ) 111 . continued : skinhead like father like son , huh ? the guard look at skinhead and he grim attire . a long pause and he nod . int . museum amanda and keith move through the dark museum . moonlight shine down through skylight , security light throw oc - casional shaft of light across the floor and wall . it 's massive , silent and forbidden . keith have you ever be here before ? amanda in grade school . keith I come all the time . but I have never be here at night . do you like it ? amanda it feel pretty good be somewhere I be not suppose to be . keith or be with someone you be not suppose to be with ? amanda smile . keith abruptly change the subject . keith this place be my church . I can come here and what anybody say about I do not matter . closeup - amanda she look around the gallery . her Pov painting dimly light , some more so than the other . closeup - amanda something catch she eye . she look closer . a quick startle look at keith . closeup - keith a sly smile . ( continued ) 112 . continued : closeup - amanda look again at the painting . her Pov the painting keith be work on at school be complete and hang on the wall . closeup - amanda she 's startle to see it . closeup - keith the smile . closeup - amanda she 's shocked , flatter , stunne . a huge smile spread across she face . int . gallery amanda sit on a stone bench . she pull a leg up to she chest and stare at the painting . keith sit down next to she . she look at he . look at the painting . music come up and carry across the CUT into the next sequence . CUT to : ext . museum the jaguar be still park in front . int . car drummer girl 's sit in the car with she back to the door , she leg stretch out on the seat . she 's lose in a deep sadness . she pull up a knee , look at she tight , look at she jacket . feel foolish for the way she 's dress . feel foolish that she 's try to be a girl and in she mind , fail . closeup - drummer girl her eye be fill with tear . she 's try to hold back . she 's slowly shaking she head , no . a tear spill . she wipe it away with the back of she hand . more tear spill . she can not wipe they away . she bow she head and succumb to she feeling . 113 . ext . hollywood BOWL Big and empty . omitted ext . hollywood BOWL - seat drummer girl be high up in the seat . she 's lay on she back , look up at the sky . amanda and keith they be sit on the edge of the stage . keith 's hang he leg over the side . she 's turn , face he , leg draw up , chin on she knee . amanda what do you see in I ? be honest . keith what do you see in I ? amanda okay . I first ? keith yeah . amanda okay . she think for a moment . amanda I see a way out of where I be . keith look at she . he think he understand . he 's pleased at where the conversation 's go . keith where be you ? amanda I be lock in a small , petty world . I never have any idea who you be other than some - body who be different than everybody else . keith you mean strange ? ( continued ) 191 continued : closeup - amanda yeah . sort of . keith and now ? amanda I do not think anybody ever think anything of I other than I look good next to they . and I go because I would rather be next to someone for the wrong reason than be alone for the right reason . keith ( unequivocally ) I would rather be right . amanda you can stand be alone . keith nobody can stand be alone . if you stop think there 's somebody for you somewhere , it 's over . be not it ? drummer girl 114 . she sit up and look down at amanda and keith on the stage . ext . stage - amanda and keith he turn to face she . keith I have be wait a long time . and I still do not have it . but I will . amanda I do not know what you mean . keith yeah , you do . amanda I do not . I swear . keith this be all a joke . I be set up . I be use . right ? ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 115. 193 continued : amanda you think I use you ? keith do not you ? amanda hold a long look on he . there 's no way out . amanda in a way . keith there 's only one way to use someone , amanda . you do , or you do not . keith 's noble stance snap amanda . she turn on he . the anger she 's be hold in pour out . amanda and you do not use I ? you hypocrite ! what 's hang in the museum ? my soul ? it 's my face ! I look just as good next to you as I do next to hardy or any other guy , right ? be you in love with I ? keith I think I might be . amanda you be not . this be not love and affection . this be revenge . you be use I to pay back every guy with more money and more friend and more power than you . paint it any color you want , it 's you use I . there 's a long pause as keith see the truth behind she attack . keith you be right . I do use you . I use you . for all that reason . amanda appreciate he honesty . it deserve reconciliation . amanda and I use you . it 's true . ( more ) ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 116. 193 continued : ( 2 ) amanda ( cont 'd ) it be not deliberate . it just happen . you be the right thing at the wrong time . if I would think about it , I never would have do it . all I be think about be get away from hardy . keith and I use you to stand up for myself . amanda maybe we should call it even . keith maybe . keith reach into he pocket and take out a jewelry box . keith this be for you . amanda what be it ? keith my future . in this box be my future . amanda look at the box . keith and I be give it to you . every dime I have to my name . it 's yours . he hand she the box . she take it with hesitation . she open it . the content startle she . closeup - BOX content two diamond stud . closeup - amanda she look at keith with concern . amanda I can not take this . ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 117. 193 continued : ( 3 ) closeup - keith he nod . keith you have to . keith and amanda amanda shake she head and close the box . amanda no. keith you deserve they . I be give they to you . I know you like they . I see you wear shayne 's , remember ? amanda nod . amanda it 's insane . this make no sense , keith . keith they be yours . for good . you do not have to borrow from any - body anymore . you be too good to do that again . amanda I never hear of anybody do anything like this . keith I be sure it happen every day . not to everybody , but to the one who believe in themselves . she bow she head . the tear start . she can not help she - self . every negative think she 's have about herself sur - face . keith 's purity , the scope of he sacrifice over - whelm she . keith why be you cry ? amanda I feel so terrible for what I do . I hate the pressure , I hate feel ashamed . ( more ) ( continued ) some kind of wonderful - Rev. 8/8/86 117a . 193 continued : ( 4 ) amanda ( cont 'd ) I hate where I be from . I hate that all my friend get everything they heart desire . I give in to my hatred , and I turn on what I believe in . I do not have to . you do not . keith so , you will not do it again . you do not have to . ever . amanda lean forward and kiss keith . she put she arm around he neck and pull he to she . 118 . closeup - drummer girl she 's watch . she look away . it 's too painful . it 's over . she get up and exit . amanda and keith on the stage , engulf in one another 's arm . ext . hollywood BOWL two people , one speck on the stage . ext . car - later drummer girl 's sit on the hood , foot out , back against the windshield . she turn and look . her Pov keith and amanda approach the car . he have he arm around she . closeup - drummer girl she try she best to not look hurt . she manage a grim smile . ext . car keith and amanda reach the car . drummer girl swing she leg over the side . drummer girl now what ? keith hardy 's house . amanda 's alarmed . guilt and fear . she look at drummer girl . she 's equally shocked . drummer girl keith ? have you forget something ? hardy want to beat the crap out of you . amanda it 's for real , keith . keith I know . ( continued ) 198 119 . continued : drummer girl if you want to do that , you drive yourself . keith I have to face he sooner or later . he open the door for amanda . amanda it 's not just hardy . it 's he friend , too . keith I can handle it . drummer girl keith ! I can beat the crap out of you . you will not last six second . keith come on . amanda give he a last long look and get in . keith close the door . drummer girl do not go overboard , studly . keith I know what I be do . ext . hardy house lot of car . a serious party 's in progress . int . house it 's loud and crowded . not particularly rowdy . it 's a older crowd who have party together many time before . int . house - hardy he 's in the live room . sitting on a couch with he arm around Mia . he 's not have a great time . he 's on the wait . ext . house the jaguar pull up in front . keith get out . he help amanda out . drummer girl get out she side . keith look at the house . ( continued ) 202 120 . continued : drummer girl you do not have to do this . keith yeah , I do . drummer girl okay . I will be here . she give he a " thumb up . " keith put he arm around amanda . there Pov the front door open . people be milling about . people can be see in the light window . someone in the door spot they . point they out to another . Word spread . keith and amanda they exchange look . he hold up he hand . she clap it . a smile both way , and they head up to the house . closeup - drummer girl she close the door and lean against the car . she rest she chin on she hand and watch the house . int . house - hardy Word have reach he that he have a visitor . he get up off the couch , abruptly dump Mia . he cross to the foyer . ext . house - amanda and keith they continue to the house . keith 's courage be wane . amanda squeeze he hand . there Pov moving in on the open door . people be gather in the doorway . the crowd separate to reveal hardy . he 's smile . ready . hardy welcome . int . house keith and amanda step into the marble foyer . the crowd back away to give they a inescapable feel of isola - tion . hardy 's calm and as charming as ever . ( continued ) 121. 205 continued : hardy I be glad you could come by . ( look at he watch ) it 's late . I be worried you be gonna disappoint we . Mia push through the crowd and slip she arm around he waist . he kiss she forehead . hardy ( to keith ) have a good time ? closeup - amanda she know the display with the girl be only a attempt to humiliate she . she try to let no emotion show . closeup - hardy a wick glint in he eye . he address keith . hardy she 's deceptively innocent , be not she ? so clean and nice on the outside . closeup - keith sharp internal reaction . closeup - amanda she would like to tear hardy 's throat out . closeup - hardy a slick smile . hardy ( vicious , bitter ) she do you ? closeup - keith it 's all he can do to keep from strike out at hardy . closeup - amanda she glare at hardy . look around the room . ( continued ) 122 . continued : her Pov her friend . they avoid she eye . all ashamed that they be not do anything in she defense . a scan across they end - ing on shayne . she can not look at amanda . she do not con - do what hardy 's say , but she do not try to stop it . she 's sit on the fence . closeup - amanda as much as hardy hurt she , shayne 's reaction almost hurt she more . closeup - hardy he 's not finish with amanda . hardy ( to keith ) the one thing I be happy about be you get she use . closeup - keith he 's have enough . he lunge at hardy . int . foyer keith drive hardy against the wall . hardy 's friend jump in and pull keith away . hardy straighten up . hardy that be not very smart , friend . he rub he neck and clear he throat . hardy I be let you off . I do not care about you . he glare at amanda . hardy she 's the trash . ( to keith ) you be just a fool . ( to he friend ) take he outside and kick the shit out of he . he Pov his guest stare at he . no response . no movement . ( continued ) continued : closeup - hardy he 's annoyed . he do not understand they hesitation . hardy I say take he outside . closeup - boy stare at hardy . closeup - girl stare at hardy . no love . closeup - another boy . cold stare . closeup - keith he look around the room . closeup - hardy he can not believe he power have fail he . hardy be there a problem ? a pause from hardy . his eye dart around the he Pov cold eye . closeup - hardy a moment of panic . closeup - keith a hint of a smile . int . foyer keith step forward . keith why do not you take I outside ? room . ( continued ) 123 . 124. continued : closeup - hardy full panic . it 's clear now what 's happen . hardy wait a minute . what be this ? you be siding with this guy ? come on . int . foyer a couple guy walk out the front door . a couple more . Girls . Mia slip away . more and more . hardy what be you do ? ( pause ) if you leave , you do not come back . you really want to do this ? I be serious . anybody who walk out on this be finish with I . get it ? Steven ! what be you do ? keith step forward as the room empty . the last strag - gler exit . it 's just keith , amanda and hardy . hardy 's frighten . hardy you want to forget about this ? at this point , there 's no reason for we to get into it . I be perfectly willing to drop it . keith smile . hardy 's show he true color . that 's enough . keith you want the truth . the plain truth ? you be over . keith raise a hand in farewell . amanda look at he . her anger have not subside . amanda you be gonna walk ? keith there be not anything I can do to he that he have not already do to himself . ( continued ) 210 125 . continued : amanda I wish I could live with that . she turn back to hardy . he stand alone and stunne in the foyer . she draw back and slap he clean across the face . a sharp smack . she step back , take keith 's hand and they exit . hardy stand alone , rub he sting cheek . ext . house drummer girl 's on the lawn . she 's be watch from out - side . ext . house - porch keith and amanda come out the door . amanda 's shaking she hand . keith remind I never to get you mad at I . she smile . keith look across the lawn . he Pov drummer girl be wait for they . she 's jingling the car key . closeup - keith he would momentarily forget about she . in the tension of the confrontation and the anticipation of it , drummer girl have vanish from he thought . it occur to he that he victory be as much she do as he . closeup - drummer girl she manage a smile . closeup - amanda she smile . her eye shift to keith . the smile dissipate . ext . porch keith and amanda step down off the porch and cross the lawn . drummer girl come forward from the car to meet they . drummer girl Nice move . I see it from out here . ( continued ) 126. continued : amanda smile . keith try to smile . there 's a uncom - fortable pause . the kind that always accompany a pain - ful farewell . drummer girl ( try not to break ) so ... why do not you guy go on . I be gonna walk . ( force a smile ) my butt 's asleep from sit all night . she offer she hand to amanda . she take it . drummer girl shake it hard and sincere . drummer girl sorry if I misjudge you . she can barely hold in the tear . she back away . drummer girl the key be in the car . she hold up she hand in farewell , turn and head down the street . keith and amanda they watch she go . amanda look at keith watch drummer girl . keith' Pov drummer girl step off the curb and head down the street . keith and amanda keith watch drummer girl . he 's think . forgetting everything . she 's the only thing on he mind . amanda reach to she ear and remove a diamond stud . then she remove the other . keith turn to see she remove the second one . she take he hand and place the stud in he palm . she curl he finger close around they . amanda I think you want to give this to someone else . keith be startle that she know what he 's think . she kiss he cheek . keith do not know what to say to she . ( continued ) 127 . continued : amanda go. keith can not wait to take off . he kiss she cheek , turn and walk away . amanda keith ? she stop and turn . amanda I will never forget you . keith I will never forget you , either . he turn and take off . amanda watch he with a proud smile . shayne approach from behind . shayne be you okay ? amanda yeah . shayne put she arm around amanda . shayne you win . amanda I think I do . shayne come on . I will give you a ride home . ext . STREET drummer girl 's march down the middle of the street . tear be run off she cheek , stain she collar . ext . STREET - keith he 's come up behind she . he stop and call to she . keith Susan ! closeup - drummer girl she stop cold . bewildere . she turn . ( continued ) 214 continued : her Pov keith be run down the middle of the street . closeup - drummer girl anticipate the best . closeup - keith he run for she . ext . STREET they meet . keith I love you . closeup - drummer girl 128. she burst into tear . keith sweep she off the ground , spin she around and crush she in he arm . he shirt , practically tear it off he . closeup - keith and drummer girl she clutches they break the kiss . she gasp and press she head to he chest and squeeze he . keith I be sorry . I do not know . drummer girl you be stupid . I always know you be stupid . keith you never tell I . drummer girl you never ask . he pull she away from he . he open she hand and put the stud in she palm . she look up at he with a huge smile . drummer girl I want this . I want them . keith they be yours . ( continued ) 129 . continued : drummer girl immediately start to put they on . keith no - tice that , for the first time , she 's not wear a multi- tude of earring . drummer girl smile . keith laugh . keith you know ! you know you would get " they . drummer girl I do not know . I just hope . keith no , you know . drummer girl finish and smile . drummer girl I have a feel . just a feel . they look okay ? keith nod . keith you look good wear my future . drummer girl this baby go back in the morning . you be go to art school . keith we will keep one and make it a ring . she smile . drummer girl you do not want to think about that one , do you ? keith shake he head , no . there 's no doubt in he mind . she draw he to she and gently press she lip to he . he fold she into he arm , and we pull back . they break the embrace and start down the street . music come up . keith I have this feel when you kiss I that something be happen . drummer girl why do not you say anything ? ( continued ) 130 . continued : ( 2 ) keith I fear for my life . drummer girl you know , that be the first time I kiss anybody . keith I know . drummer girl how do you know ? keith because you do it wrong . drummer girl I do not ! keith yeah , you do . drummer girl how do you do it wrong ? she stop and one last kiss . fade out . the end