someone to watch over I by Howard Franklin danilo bach David seltzer revision by danilo bach revised December 4 , 1986 fade in : int . mike' house - queen - early evening Winter . a celebration . Close friend , cop friend , family all here to celebrate patrolman mike keegan be promotion to detective , nypd . the party spill through the house -- front room , dining room , kitchen , with a small fence backyard visible beyond that . a community of cop on they off-hour , they wife , kid . a mix of generation , all the way from mike be kid , tommy , and he friend , play among the adult , to a elderly woman observe quietly from she chair at the side . the mood 's warm , spirite ; there 's a lot of friendship here . angle : mike , in the dining room , pose for a photo with he ten-year - old son , tommy , proudly display he new gold detective 's shield pin to he jersey . mike ( call to he wife , for a family portrait ) ellie ! c'mon ! over here ! angle : ellie , mike be wife of fifteen year , a local product , bright and lively , and clearly proud as hell of she man . she frees herself from the crush of friend , hurry to join he . angle : mike , ellie give he a full - mouth smack on the lip as he hook she into he arm . the picture 's snap , to a chorus of hoot and holler . behind , a banner and poster blowup of Mike in gun and uniform read : " finally they 've recognized you , detective keegan . " scotty , a patrolman with the 117th and one of mike' best pal , put he hand vigorously , in congratulation , on mike' shoulder . scotty ( to Mike ) no joke ? you be be transfer to the 19th as you first assignment ? who the hell love you ass downtown ? rookie ( naively ) what 's the 21st ? brooklyn , a cop about Mike 's age , join in . scotty what d' you care ? you will never know . brooklyn Manhattan . the Upper East side , East 59th to 96th . the rookie stare , impressed . scotty ( to the other ) remember curran from the sixteenth ? he post a coupla month there on a floater outside the french embassy . he meet Jackie Kennedy . brooklyn curran , that fuckin ' noodlehead . he probably write she up for let she dog dump on rockefeller 's doorstep . angle on mike , try to swallow a mouthful of potato salad as a plump and pretty middle - age woman ( helen greening ) pull he into a bear hug , plant a kiss on he . helen mmmmmm -glimmmeee -kiss ! I be so proud of you ! what the hell take you so long ? mike hey , do not ask I . ask the man who put in the good word . angle on t.j. greening , helen 's husband , Mike 's best friend . he 's forty , stocky , look up , horsing around with some of the kid in the next room . mike if t.j. do not push for I , I never would have make it . brooklyn Bet you ass ... I give you six week before you be back on the beat , keegan , they get no room for hero cop ... mike appreciate , that vote of confidence , Brook . brooklyn hey , be I supportive , or what ? angle on tommy : in the hallway , try to show scotty be date -- a " real " bimbo , who 's spilling out of she woolly sweater and tight jeans -- how to stand on he skateboard . she shriek a laugh , toppling off . helen , pass by with a empty platter , catch the action . int . kitchen - same ellie , another wife at the sink , wife all ; helen enter . helen he leave Elaine for that ? wife # 1 and what about little scotty ? ellie continue wash the dish as helen and the wife dry . mike enter to get more beer . helen ( still stare ) I would like to tie she tit together . ellie that would not be too difficult . mike ( overhear ) I bet you think she do not have a brain in she head . I bet you think the only thing he see in she be one incredible , dynamite body ... he grins at they blank stare ... ellie' eye wryly follow ... as he move on out with he beer . helen I love you husband , ellie , but he 's a real dork . ellie yeah , but he 's my dork . dissolve to : int . mike' live room - night night have descend , people talk and laugh quietly , mellow music be play -- camera finding mike and ellie , dance close , move sensually . it 's impressive . helen convince t.j. to dance . scotty and bimbo join in too . t.j. , whipped , extricate himself and helen ; tousle Mike 's hair in affection . t.j. we be goin ' . get some sleep , detective keegan . you get a new job tomorrow . CUT to : int . hallway - night mike be hold tommy asleep on he shoulder . ellie appear , complete the family portrait . mike ( a whisper ) think I should put the skateboard in bed with he ? ellie too kinky . mike smile and climb the stair . int . mike' bedroom - night ellie in the bathroom , the door open , she brushes she hair . mike in bed , thoughtful , a happy man . mike ellie , you know I think it 's about time we get outa this place , get we a house of we own . we can afford it now . ellie amen to that . the supermarket 's full of asshole . mike take my advice , do not buy any ... mike wait for a response . none come . ellie Mike ? mike ( aware of she change in tone ) what ? ellie my ass if fall . mike you what ...? ellie my ass be fall . it be . mike ( a laugh ) what be you talk about ? ellie ( appear in the door ; stricken ) I just see it in the mirror , it do not look like my ass anymore . mike get in bed . ellie what be I gonna do ? I jog , I do the exercise on tv in the morning ... gravity ... mike you get a great ass ! I love you ass -- now get that fall ass into bed before it hit the floor . she do -- the light snap put . they giggle , she moving into he arm . ellie ( a declaration ) tomorrow , I start look for we house ... you love I ? mike ( deeply ) you get no idea ... ellie imagine ... I be sleepin ' with a dt . another mute laugh -- and they move into a embrace , camera panning with they , and then still farther into the darkness . the darkness hold . ext . east river - ( aerial ) - night ... become a darkness prick with light , as we float over the reflective river , moving west toward and over the CITY . ext . manhattan - ( aerial continued ) - night the fable city , the ultimate object of man 's desire and fulfillment , Oz , the city unfold itself before and beneath we , till dazzling shaft of light sizzling up -- kleig light -- stab we eye and bring we down into they blinding brightness ... ext . club - midtown - night a nondescript piece of rundown city block that 's the hot thing in town . personnel regulate the crowd and arrival . there be a public line , and from it the young , hip and outrageous can look on while await entrance at the formally dress , stylishly gown guest arrive at the private line . a glitter post - Metropolitan Museum of Art open gala be in progress tonight . the club 's private entrance look like what it once be , a shutter porno bookstore , and the joke 's not lose on most of the formal guest , arrive through the x-rate doorway . int . club - night the latest achievement of money , rock and art . it 's a breathtaking multi-level theater of light , sound and dance . there be also a entrance - by-invitation - only grand salon . angle the guest arrive here for the met gala enter almost in enchant procession , each of they be personally greet by the primary owner and manager of the club , win hocking , a charming , rakish ex - preppy . win stand in the middle of the floor in the throw of a spot , greeting . this be he element and he club , a son of old money , and a crossover creature to the fast life . win hi ... nice to see you ... thank you ... my pleasure ... a met benefactress ( effusively ) thank you so much for agree to host we tonight . it 's really extraordinary ! win glad I could be of help . camera moving in on a new angle , claire gregory and neil steinhart . the way we camera cover they make it clear they be major character in we story . neil step forward to introduce himself , but win , look up , spot claire first : a special beauty and clearly someone very special to he ... win Claire ! claire hello , win . and he embrace she . claire ( introduce she companion ) you know Neil steinhart ? he grin broadly , take neil be hand ; then right back to claire . win of the filthy rich steinhart ? why be it Claire always connect with the richest man this side of Saudi ? neil ( to win ; meaning the club ) this give new meaning to the word nightlife . win acknowledge the obligatory compliment with a close smile , impatiently return to claire : win c'mon , let 's get outa this lowbrow rag trade ... ( smile , cut Neil out ) you do not mind , do you ? neil stare , polite , as win whisk she away ; turn , as he be address by someone else come he way . ext . the club - night as a black porsche pull up , its dark - tinted window roll down to reveal joey venza . the manager of the club come over to he , with a clipboard list of only the invitee . manager ( a dilemma ) I be sorry , Mr. venza ... venza jam the accelerator to the floor , the car burn rubber like a dragster as people squeal and jump out of the way ; the car fish-tailing away , screeching around the corner . int . club - night win and claire . the music , noise , other conversation can still be hear as they walk through the club . he smile , mid-conversation ; there 's a real affection here . win skiddy and kit ? I have not see they since that shitty pasta dinner on the cape . claire they have get two monster now . both boy . win and so what 's with steinhart ? be it serious ? claire you do not like he ? win look a little constipate to I . claire ( needle he ) it 's call " solid " ... Nice to find someone you can count on , win . CUT to : int . basement - rear - entrance - night venza enter , a rush , noise and activity from the alley outside ; the throbbing new music overhead . joey venza immaculate as always , in a conservatively - cut european pinstripe , venza stride tautly into the shabby corridor . CUT to : int . mezzanine - MAIN bar - night win show claire the main dance floor below , sound - fill and crowded , private and pay guest mixing , indistinguishable now . he raise he voice to be hear . win the main floor stay public . the side room we try to keep available for special function like tonight . he turn and take she arm . claire it 's terrific win . win you still write the occasional magazine article ? claire occasionally . win then c'mon . follow I . the art 's in the basement , you be go to get a privileged peek . he lead she to the freight elevator . voice ( o.s. ) Claire ! a sociable foursome descend on they . it look like it 's go to be a long conversation . win ( to Claire , quietly ) just press the button all the way down when you be ready , okay ? he turn as she 's engulf , head towards the elevator , run into neil , claire be escort . neil do not see she . neil where 's she go ? win probably find somebody nicer ... kidding . you be great . he smile , enter the elevator and disappear from view . neil look around , with thinly - veile impatience , at the benefit-type stream into the room . int . basement tunnel - night venza navigate the labyrinth that connect to the office . int . basement - night the elevator reach bottom . win exit into a area of tall row of stack box still await unload . Beyond , a bright , high - ceiling linen whiteness gleam . it 's a soon - to - be restaurant - gallery area . the restaurant gallery the wall have already be paint white . tables have be position . chair be stack , wait . so be mound of fold laundry and tablecloth , box of accessory , glass and dish and kitchenware , etc . except for fred , the elderly stock boy , the bright silence be empty . fred score open the seal cardboard carton with a curve case cutter . several tableful of unload server , kitchen utensil , etc. , bear witness to the size of he job . win you be in overtime , freddy . fred nod , put down he case cutter , use a side exit . win , leave alone , turn to look up proudly at he powerhouse modern art collection lining the wall . int . mezzanine - near elevator - night claire extricate herself ; to the foursome . claire I will ... I promise ... she smile graciously and step into the freight elevator , push the down button . the door close . int . basement tunnel - night venza approach a intersection . ahead , fred cross on he way to the office . the elderly stock boy do not see venza , but venza see he , realize where else to look here . int . freight elevator - night claire close she eye , lean back against the metal wall , take advantage of the refuge for the moment . Music and crowd noise still vibrate . the elevator , shudder , continue its descent . int . restaurant - night win turn in the silence , look out over the bright space edge by darkness , every reason to be pleased . win do not even hear venza enter . venza ( bear , icily ) you need money , you come to I . win turn . venza ( approach , soundlessly ) who the fuck do you think you be , raise cash without come to I ? win ( calmer ) you ex-partner ... I be buy you out , joey . read the contract . there 's ample provision . venza fuck the contract ! int . elevator - basement - night the elevator arrive . the door open . claire step out into the shadow area of stack row . int . restaurant - win and venza venza ( stare , wildly ) two year ago you be begging I for the money . nobody would have touch you ... win you be make a eighty percent return . which be what you want . win turn away from venza . venza grab he arm violently . venza do not turn away when I be talk to you . win ( beat with deliberation ) grease and water still do not mix , joey . venza slashes one of the canvase ( a rosenquist ) with the case cutter ... then another ... angle - win win ( stunne ) Jesus Christ ... be you crazy ? angle venza slashes another . win joey ! venza turn , slashing win . win gasp . blood begin to seep from he wound . angle - claire hearing , emerge into the light , smile , think win be say something she 's suppose to respond to . venza slashing win again , lose all control . win ( staggering back ) Jesus ...! claire round the corner see win , she stop . angle venza continue to attack he , stabbing win to the floor . claire scream , unable to imagine or believe it . venza look up , hearing she . win sprawl , a lifeless , bloody mass at venza be foot . venza stare , return claire be stare , try to concentrate , to focus and pull himself back together . he put down the cutter , take a step toward she . claire step back , turn and move back toward the elevator , run . venza quicken he step , after she . angle on the elevator as she reach it and hurtle inward , hitting all the button , the door beginning to rumble close . but venza be there , thrusting he hand inside to stop they . the door close on he finger . he cry out , pull he finger free . he slam he fist against the door as they close shut , pound the button again . angle inside - claire but claire grab the power switch , pull it -- the elevator go dead , the overhead light go out -- and somewhere , in the shaft above , a alarm bell begin to ring . relentlessly , venza pound on the other side of the door . close on claire give way in the darken cubicle . another angle - claire sagging against the elevator wall , weep , hearing venia' frantic breathing on the other side subside , and finally move away in the darkness . int . mike' bedroom - night the phone ringing -- a hand fumble on the telephone in the darkness . we hear mike' voice as he turn on the light . mike t.j...? be this a joke ? be you kid I ? ( listen , not like what he hear ) give I 20 minute . mike hang up the phone , turn to ellie . ellie ( mumble from under the cover ) switch the light off on you way out . CUT to : int . unmarked car - night mike and t.j. dishevel and tired , drink out of styrofoam coffee cup , arrive at the club . t.j. ( grin ) hey Mike , out of the bag into the bureau , huh ... how do you like it so far ? mike ( give a half smile ) right behind you , t.j . CUT to : int . the club - night a rare tableau ; swirl disco light reflect off strategically place mirror , illuminate a room fill with policemen ( in uniform and polyester suit ) , try to ride herd on the beautiful people , in contrast attire . the man in charge and cope be lieutenant garber ; in plainclothes , fiftyish , rough-hewn . garber do you ever hear the chatter . they be worse than fuckin ' four - year - old ... Miller , let 's clear this path here , all right ? t.j. and mike arrive . garber ( to they , on the move ) blood bath downstairs . the owner of this place be dead . and I get a witness , and a suspect ... joey venza . t.j. react to the name . t.j. where 's venza ? garber Nice question . I like question like that . a massive " gasp " go up from the crowd as a cumbersome bodybag be bring up a stairwell from downstairs . garber temporarily move away to oversee . mike ( to t.j. ) who 's joey venza ? t.j. bad fuckin ' news . even the family drop he when they find they have a fruitcake on they hand . but he know where a lot of body be bury . it would cap it for garber if he could bring he in . garber ( return , be : the crowd ) okay , let 's find out what we know . herd be up and check be out . anybody know more than gossip about the decease or venza , I wanna talk to they myself . go . t.j. move into action with typical " t.j. style " diplomacy . t.j. okay , will all the beautiful people shut the fuck up , before it start gettin ' real ugly here ! the uniform cop take they cue , move in for quiet . garber ( to Mike , the " new boy " ) keegan , go baby - sit the witness . just sit and look impressive . make she feel protect . and if you can get she boyfriend outa my hair , I will promote you to fuckin' Joint Chiefs ... CUT to : ext . win hocking ' office - club - night a uniform cop guard the door as mike approach , flash he shield . cop quit play with yourself , keegan . I know who you be . mike ( grin ) a detective 's suppose to identify himself . CUT to : int . win hocking ' office - night the room be dim , light only by a desk lamp , claire seat on a couch , catatonic , neil knead she hand , try to comfort she . a knock at the door : neil jump up to open it -- mike entering before he get there . neil ( upset ) be you in charge here ? mike no , sir ... neil I ask for the man in charge ... mike that would be Lieutenant garber , and he 's very busy upstairs ... neil do not tell I he 's " busy " . I ask for a ambulance for this woman and ... mike be she injure ? claire ( softly ) no. mike get he first view of she as she turn she head into the light . it be a almost storybook vision of beauty that emerge from the darkness around she ; she vulnerability penetrate to the very core . neil ( to Claire ) you be not go to talk to anyone without a lawyer . mike she 's not a suspect , sir , she 's a witness . could I ask you to step outside , please . neil no , I will not step outside . mike Sir , I be just try to do my job , it 's standard procedure to question the witness alone . help I out here , could you please leave . neil ( icily ) I do not really see what that have to do with ... claire ( deaden ; to Neil ) Neil , do what he say . angle on mike and neil : at a standoff . claire ( quietly ) please . mike open the door for neil . neil reluctantly swallow it . neil I will be right outside . neil grudgingly leave . mike quietly close the door . angle change : claire and mike alone . he sit down . a beat . mike can I get you a cup of coffee or something ? her plaintive eye turn to meet he . claire ( lose ) I have never see anyone kill before . mike it 's okay ... I have never be a detective before either ... she lift she gaze quizzically , catch he smile . she return it in spite of herself , disarm by he frankness , and curiously reassure . mike we will go slow . okay ? we will get through it together . CUT to : int . downtown headquarters - day phone ringing , typewriter typing , body move at cross-current -- camera finding lieutenant garber , hustling through the bullpen , mike following , toward he office . garber I do not know how you do it , but whatever it be , keep do it . mike ( puzzle ) I just sit and listen . garber safe and secure be how we want she . until she i.d. 's venza . t.j. have join they . garber venza 's either go to skip or try to get to she and venza like it here . I want she ass cover , 24 hour protection , but I do not want she to know there be any real danger . t.j. I do not like what I be hearing ... mike ( to garber ) I do not understand . if there 's any danger , why not just level with she ... garber turn back to mike garber ( with mock tolerance ) t.j. you friend 's a little dense . when she realize there 's a killer tryin ' to shut she up , she will be on the next plane for tahiti ... somehow I think my way be better . he move on , leave they not very happy . mike Chief ? garber turn back . mike why not patrol ? they would do just as good a job . garber when I want you advise , keegan , I will make a appointment . garber move on out . mike and t.j. leave alone . mike ( disappointed ) shit ! a nursemaid ! my first detail , and I be a fuckin ' slug ! ( turn to t.j. ) I get a ' choice ' at all . t.j. do it , or look for another profession . that 's a choice I guess . mike you in this with I ? t.j. yeah ! seniority get the day shift . ext . back of mike' house - day ellie be see unload grocery from the rear of a small hatchback ... int . mike' house - day mike be in the kitchen ; he 's make egg in agitation , throw in everything he can find ( tuna fish , chop pickle , mustard ) , he kid , tommy , in evidence in the b.g. , on a skateboard , whizzing through the kitchen , even riding it down the stair . mike move to a cabinet -- and he feet go out from under he . he 's slip on a skateboard -- barely catch himself in time . mike ( yell ) Tommy ! goddamnit ! get this skateboard off the goddamn kitchen floor ! tommy whizze through , expertly pick it up " on the move , " mike take a futile swipe at he . tommy what be we have ? mike my special , scramble egg surprise . tommy ( frown dubiously ) scramble egg surprise ? tommy go whizzing on out again . ellie come in load up with the grocery . put they down , give mike a kiss . ellie so how would it go ? mike not great . I have get a babysit job for a material witness on a homicide . it explain he mood . ellie start put away the grocery . ellie for how long ? mike ' til they pick up the perp . ( he sit ) seniority get day shift ... you know what that mean . close on ellie : she sit , realize , upset , but take it in stride , now put plate on the table . ellie well , I will live with it , I have live with it all my life . my dad be a cop , he say , " whatever you do , honey , never go out with a cop " . so , what do I do ? I get a job with the cop . then I marry a cop . I probably give birth to a cop . ( shouting ) Tommy ! come over here and eat , it 's hot . tommy enter . mike maybe you and Tommy should stay with my Mom . ellie make a expression of dislike . mike do not start ... the only reason be that the neighborhood 's shi ... ( realize that Tommy be listen ) ... crummy . I just do not like the idea of leave you alone here at night . ellie I can still use a gun . mike just keep it someplace safe , but handy . tommy join then at the table . tommy ( zoom in ) keep what handy ? ellie nothing . tommy the gun ? it 's in the upstairs closet . mike how do you know where the gun be ? tommy I know where everything be . mike except the goddamn skateboard , which be everywhere ! I would like to kill the guy who invent that thing . tommy Lay back , mack . mike Lay back , mack !! what 's this " lay back , mack ? " ( to ellie ) where do he get this ? silence ; they eat ... ellie' eye find mike be . ellie keep the weekend for we , huh ? get a replacement for Saturday night . that will give we the weekend together . tommy be face screw up , taste the lump of food in he mouth . tommy God ! scramble egg surprise ?! this be pickle ...! God ! mike just " lay back , mack " ... lay back ... CUT to : ext . manhattan - fifth avenue - early evening Mike emerge from the subway alongside the park . ext . fifth avenue apartment building - early evening out front , the doorman open the door for the building 's child return from music lesson . across the street in Central Park , handsome , elderly tenant stroll in the company of they nurse : a nanny push a pram , take advantage of the last light . this be one of New York 's most exclusive co-ops . distill civilization and quiet wealth . a world away from queen or anything else . mike arrive on foot . int . / ext . lobby - evening a notice behind the lock front door inform : " all visitors must be announced " . mike display he shield to the doorman through the glass . the doorman open , take the time to inspect he credential before return they , then step aside , allow entry . int . elevator - same mike ride up in silence , examine the ornate wall . int . vestibule - claire' apartment - same the elevator deliver he . mike find himself in a wall - paper trompe l'oeil foyer . nothing to get he bearing . the front door click open , startling he . mary , the clean lady , a older , capable woman in functional civilian clothes , greet he matter - of - factly , take he in . int . claire' live room - same marble -floor and high -ceiling , absolutely palatial ; mike' eye register amazement as he 's lead inward . floor-to-ceiling window overlook Central Park , where the voice be revealed belong to garber , t.j. , claire , and claire' boyfriend , neil -- who 's try he best to be " in charge " . garber ( approach Mike ) you remember detective keegan ? neil ( expressionless ) I do . the doorbell ring again : mary go to answer it as mike mumble he greeting to all -- notice that claire , recline on a couch , seem extremely put out -- or be it " disinterested " ? neil I want to make sure that everyone respects the privacy of miss Gregory 's household . you be limited to the outer vestibule , so you can watch the elevator , the kitchen , so you can get something to eat , and the washroom . t.j. ( under he breath to Mike ) so you can take a shit . the third detective enter , be lead by mary . it 's koontz , a package of razz and sarcasm , somebody you definitely do not take home to mother . mike ( reacting ; to t.j. ) not koontz . t.j. be happy . he 's good at this . garber ( to Neil ) we would like to , just once , get a look at the entire layout , so we can evaluate security . claire this really be not necessary . the security in this building be about the best in the city . garber ( ever the diplomat ) I be sure you be right , miss Gregory , but I would consider it a favor if you would let we look around . claire be my guest . garber ( to he troops ) guy . angle - hallway as garber withdraw ; mike , t.j. , koontz to start they check . mike ( to garber ) what about when she go out ? garber discourage it . but stay with she if you can not . call it in first so we can have a car on tail . she 's agree to travel only with she own driver and limousine ... okay , let 's check it out . they split up . angle - mike follow order , continue down the hall . he move to a door that he attempt to OPEN -- discover it 's not real . it 's a trompe l'oeil . he turn around to find he 's not alone in the long hall . neil stand just outside the live room , watch he . mike ( be : the " door " ) pretty good . angle - neil turn , return to claire in the live room . neil why a I remind of the Three stooge ? CUT to : int . claire' library - moment later koontz check the window and terrace . CUT to : int . kitchen - same mike , mary the maid in there with he . mary ( officiously ) you a vegetarian ? miss Gregory 's a vegetarian , so I be gonna put food for you people in a separate fridge . you know how to use a microwave ? ( before he can answer ) just about everything you would want will heat up by turn this to ninety second . CUT to : int . claire' bedroom - same utterly sumptuous ; t.j. uttering a low " whistle " of awe . CUT to : int . claire' powder room there 's a enormous circular bathtub and a jacuzzi , endless mirror , a write desk , carpete , a place one could spend one 's life in -- mike see , in the mirror , wander through -- idly push a mirrore door open , to gaze , in awe , at the walk - in closet . mike ( under he breath ) fuckin ' A. angle : he see t.j. , or what he think be t.j. , reflect among the other reflection at the other end of the room . see t.j. sit on edge of bed . mike be stand in center of the mirror , slightly disorient . and t.j. see he , similarly astound , moving out of shot . close on mike : move inward , he gawk at the rack of clothes , gently brush he hand through the lush fabric . claire' voice -- angry , almost trembling , a firm effort of will -- rustle the silence behind he . claire Excuse I . angle on claire claire this be my dress room , and this be my clothes . ( hold herself firm ) I understand you responsibility ... but I would appreciate you stay out of here at all time . mike : chasten , nod . mike sorry . just check . he start away . momentarily baffle by the many -angle reflection of himself in the mirror . claire straight ahead . mike hard to find door in this place . mike : embarrassed , apologetic . claire ... detective keegan , I hope you understand how upsetting this be ? CUT to : int . claire' outer vestibule - night all silent ; mike on " watch " . just he and a wooden desk chair , the grade - school variety . no book , no crossword puzzle ; he come unprepare . he check he watch and look to a ornate wall clock . and he 's bored . he pick up a empty coffee cup , look for a last drop . settles for sniff it . replace it on the floor beside he . then he look to the close door of the apartment and make a decision . pick up the coffee cup , he quietly push the door OPEN , and enter . CUT to : int . live room - night as mike pad quietly across the marble floor in the quiet ; pause to gaze , in awe , at the vast , empty live room . it be gigantic , he eye roam the ceiling , as though to estimate they height . move inward , he eye fall on a book rack , and he cross to it , peruse the shelf for possible read material . they're all art book , the big , thick kind . a renoir , because of a nude figure on the cover , catch he eye . but as he pull it out and begin to leaf through -- he hear voice . claire' and neil be ; she tone be agitate . neil ( o.s. ) ( barely audible ) ... just say you should think twice about it ... claire ( o.s. ) ... I do not want to talk about it ... close on mike : book under he arm , quietly move toward the source : the den . it 's door be slightly ajar ; there be a suitcase in front of it , ready for travel . int . den - night claire ... you know , and I know , that the only thing stand between a life sentence for venza and he freedom be my testimony at he trial ... neil Claire ... claire ... he kill win ... he enjoy it ... neil win make he choice , Claire . we all do -- claire and I be make mine . she look at he ; a beat , emotionally . he remain steady . neil ( gently ) you be deal with a psychopath . he get out of jail in ten year , or five ... or ninety day , and you will be look over you shoulder for the rest of you life ... claire what be I suppose to do ?! I see one of my oldest friend get kill ! and I see who do it ! ( through tear ) I can not just -- " let it go away " !! neil ( gently ) Claire ... angle - den . neil take she in he arm , hold she tightly , affectionately , protectively . holding she from behind , neil kiss claire gently on she neck . she calm in he arm . return : mike dodge back quickly , through the live and dining room until he 's in the kitchen . int . kitchen - night spot the microwave , mike quickly toss in a English muffin -- peer at the dial , as he switch it on . but he have not escape be a trespasser to what 's go on in the far room . he can still hear they , though he whistle , try not to . the English muffin burst into flame , mike desperately pull it out , toss it into the sink , feverishly fan the air . another angle on mike : become aware that he's not alone . he turn suddenly to see mary , the housekeeper , not ten foot from he , in the laundry room , coat on , fluffing she collar , ready to go home . mike ( chagrine ) I like them toasty . angle on mary : stare at he , amused . mary good night , Mr. keegan . she move through the kitchen and exit . int . vestibule - later - night neil , with he briefcase , finally leave . he cross from the hallway . the two eye each other : mike attempt a cordial smile . neil you be here ' till what time ? mike I be relieved at 4:00 a.m. neil notice the renoir . neil when you be through with it , put it back , please , exactly where you find it , and do not use the library again . I have to leave town for a few day . let 's do everything we can to make this less of a trial for she , shall we ? mike nods . but when neil leave , he make a mock " military salute " ; a click of the heel . CUT to : int . claire' vestibule - later 2:45 a.m. ( the clock on the wall ) ; pindrop silence ; mike alone . close on mike : thoughtful , leaf through the renoir . like a man make the most of solitary confinement -- become aware of a noise . though hard to make out in this windowless capsule , it be distant thunder . it stir life in he and he eye wander reflexively upward , study the ceiling -- then the door of the apartment , leave slightly ajar . angle inside the apartment : camera following mike as he wander inward , become aware of light come from a draw room . he move toward , stopping . angle from he Pov : claire , dimly illuminate by the light of a desk lamp that throw a gentle glow around she -- seat , still as statuary , gaze out into the rain . close on mike : watch she . dissolve to : int . subway - on the move - later the uncivilize hour indicate by the totally empty subway , mike a lone figure , somewhat numbe , he eye set into distant space -- as the subway reach its destination , the blurry platform sign decelerate until we can make out the word " queen " . ext . mike' house - queen the neighborhood still asleep in the predawn hour ; mike pick up the newspaper ... glance at it , he open it , see a article and photograph of claire on the second page . he head inwards ... CUT to : int . mike' bedroom - day afternoon sunlight spilling in as mike awaken to the SOUND of a car motor , falter , then " chug-chugge " to another start , gasp , then revving . someone 's work on mike be car . he look at he alarm clock ; it 's 4:00 in the afternoon . CUT to : ext . mike' backyard - day ellie and tommy visible only as fragment as they work on mike be car . ellie be see as a rear -end in blue jeans , the rest of she inside the hood ; she call to tommy to " try it again " . it look like no one 's behind the wheel ; but the very top of he head can be see as he strain to reach the accelerator . angle on mike : appear at the door , in a freshly press suit , a steaming cup of coffee in hand . he walk across the lawn towards they . mike hey ! what the hell be you doin ' to my car ? ellie emerge from underneath the hood , flushed . ellie change the spark . they show it on tv . what d' you think ? mike I think television 's a dangerous thing . ellie it 's twenty buck in the bank . slam the hood . tommy revs the engine ellie move down the step towards mike . ellie enough , Tommy ! c'mon . get out of there ! ellie move towards mike , she slip she hand into he underpant : they eye meet , lovingly . she laugh . mike hey . the neighbor . ellie let them eat they heart out . she retrieve she cold coffee cup from the potting table , check out the picture of claire in the newspaper , he 's leave there . mike adjust he tie . it 's very colorful . ellie I read the article . you do not tell I she be so beautiful . mike ( mister honest ) well , actually , she look better than that . ellie playfully make a move , jabbing at he , mike stop she , end with a hug . mike I have get to go . mike kiss she . ellie hold mike' face with she glove hand . mike see you Tommy . angle on ellie : as tommy come up and lean against he mom : both watch mike primp , they share on the joke . mike turn , he face with grease on it . mike okay ? ellie unbelievably handsome . you look fantastic in a suit . tommy Nice thread dad . mike yeah , I think so . mike leave . int . claire' kitchen - later - night the wall clock read 6:30 . the remain of a teeny gourmet meal , before he on the kitchen table . mike be play a improvise hockey game , shoot peas through a goal make up of two water glass , use he knife as a hockey stick . he hear the click of high heel approach , crossing the vast marble floor . angle from he Pov : claire come toward -- clearly dress for the evening , she stride signal determination . mike ( brilliant ) hi. claire I be sorry . I be not sure how this work . I have to go out ... be that all right ? mike ( unprepare ) uh ... claire I have to pick something up before bergdorf 's close , then stop at a reception just a few block away . mike ( falter ) I think , maybe , that be not such a great idea ... claire Lieutenant garber say that in all likelihood there be no real danger , be that true ? mike right . that 's true . claire can we go then ? mike I be suppose to call in . claire there 's a phone in the car . she move toward the elevator : mike , stymy . int . elevator - same - night they descend in silence , mike aware of be scrutinize . the elevator stop , mike about to get off , realize they be stop at the third floor , another tenant step on . he 's dress in a expensive jogging suit , he key dangle from around he neck ; he nod to claire and push " down " . the elevator rumble downward . claire do you have another tie ? something more conservative ? mike ( confuse , then realize ) oh ... yes ... I do not have it with I . it 's at home . ext . claire' build - same - night the jogger first out the door , take off with fierce determination , follow by mike , who nervously check the street , then open the limo door and check inside , then , finally , motion claire out . she move smoothly into the limo ; mike check traffic behind they , then get in , after . CUT to : int . limo - same - night mike fumble , search the console for the car phone . she find it easily , pick it up . claire what 's the number ? CUT to : int . downtown headquarters - garber' office garber be on the other end of the line . garber oh , Jesus , what a fuck lunatic . Fucking shopping . ( he think ) I do not see that we have much choice . Jesus Christ . tell she she 's a fuck lunatic . garber slam down the phone . int . claire' limo - night mike set down the phone . claire what do he say ? mike he think you be be a little careless . he make the point several time . mike set down the phone . they settle back ; try to feel " comfortable " in one another 's presence . it 's plenty awkward . claire you live in Manhattan ? mike queen ... you know queen ? claire my father found a music school there . the milton Gregory School . he politely try to place it , with no idea . claire I be suppose to speak at they tenth anniversary . mike Nice . maybe you will stop by ... have a aperitif ... it evoke a slight smile but nothing more . mike maybe not . CUT to : ext . 5 th avenue shop - night the limo pull up , mike hopping expertly out before it stop move . it 's park in a red zone , with tow - away sign everywhere ; a patrolman notice from the curb . mike ( to the driver ) do not move it . he flash he shield at the patrolman , take a firm grip on claire be elbow , guide she in . angle - at the entrance door mike stiff - arm the revolve door , stop outgo shopper to clear the way for claire ; hop over to the fix door , open it quickly for she , hustling she effortlessly in , zip . angle : claire , take by it , but not displease . int . fifth avenue shop - night they cross toward the up escalator ; she know where she 's go . perfume lady hello , miss Gregory . claire step onto the escalator ; mike on alert , scrutinize the crowd . he get on right behind . they ascend . at the top landing , a dark - suite man veer right into her . claire flinch . mike move past her to the front , quickly handle the guy . the man jump back . dark -suited man I be sorry ... I think this be down ... angle on mike ; shaken . claire give he a long unsteady look , too . claire be you nervous ? mike no , ma'am . CUT to : int . shop - gift counter - night mike keep close watch as claire approve she purchase : a silver frame , contain a inscribe photo of claire and a elegant older woman . claire would you wrap it for I , I will be back in a moment . claire walk past mike . claire could you come with I please . mike follow she . claire at the tie counter , point to the tie rack . claire would you pick one out , please ? mike beg pardon ? claire since you be go to be my escort , you will need a new tie . mike begin to connect , glance down again at the tie he 's wear . claire select a tie , turn to the salesperson , for he reaction . salesperson perfect . claire hand it to the salesperson . claire put it on my account , please . mike I get money . claire give a look to the clerk to go ahead with she order . salesperson go off . claire if we have more time we would work on the suit too . CUT to : int . the limo - in motion - same - night mike and claire ; claire favorably assess he in the new tie . claire you look quite elegant , actually . he look down at it in silence ; then , finally : mike my wife like this suit . close on claire : he vulnerability make she smile . CUT to : ext . guggenheim museum - night clearly a " big deal , " with kleig light and heavy limousine and taxi traffic be direct into place by cop , some of whom we recognize . angle on a pair of cop , use flashlight to guide traffic -- spot claire' limousine with the black - and - white patrol car follow it , and signal it into place . traffic cop ( be : Claire 's limo ) bring it in , close . the cop open the door -- stunne to see mike step out , in suit and new tie -- look like he belong there . cop Jesus Christ . mike I be on duty . cop what kind of work ? gigolo ? claire step out , utterly elegant , take mike' arm -- the traffic cop now join by that from the black - and - white , as mike and claire head inward . the cop wolf - whistle mike and razz he as they go , some beginning the strain of " just a gigolo " ... mike give they the finger behind he back . CUT to : int . the reception - same - night mike and claire catch in a crush of people jam the entrance way -- they body come into close contact , so close that mike be force into a awkward posture in order to stay close to she ; one arm up in the air , uncomfortable about take she arm . claire you can touch I , I will not bite . mike not too sure about that . he take she arm , guide she through the crowd . the SOUND of a woman be ( marge goodwin ) voice attract they attention . marge ( push through ) claire ! Claire ! darling ! be you all right ? she 's a society matron - type , grab claire in a ever - so-concern hug . marge my God ! I could not believe ... my poor darling ... and win hocking ...! antonia will be so happy you be here , she say a " Lifetime Achievement Award " be like be invite to you own funeral while you be still alive ... but antonia , a elegant older woman , have already spotted her . antonia Claire ...! she push through , and fairly fall into claire be arm . antonia almost emotionally overcome , that claire have manage it . claire I would not have miss it , tony . antonia you look so beautiful ... antonia look up to see mike . claire this be Mike keegan , the policeman assign to protect I . antonia bolt ... she look up to see mike : it direct other to do the same . marge ( change of tone ) hello . claire ( introduce ) marge woodwin , antonia bolt , this be Mike keegan ... mike ( ultra respectful ) hello ... ( a deferential nod to antonia ) ... ma'am . antonia ( like he ; to Claire ) he 's get nice eye . very gentle . ( be : Mike 's embarrassed reaction ) and he blushes . I like that . take good care of she . int . the reception - later - night claire in the thick of thing -- a band playing now -- occasionally glance at mike -- who stand against a wall , ever watchful ... close on mike : turning to see a very pretty young thing come up to he ; just " ooze " seduction . pretty young thing I hear you be a policeman . mike nod ; eye fix on claire . mike uh , yeah . I be a policeman . pretty young thing ever shot anyone ? mike yes . pretty young thing do it make you ... hard ? mike ... hard ? pretty young thing erect . you know , a " boner ? " I would hear that it give you a boner , to shoot a man . mike be eye register abject dumbfoundment . mike would you excuse I , please ? he push toward claire , catch she eye . mike would you consider leave here pretty soon ? claire relaxed , clearly have a good time . claire people think I be step out on Neil . we be cause quite a scandal . mike ( confidential ) hey ! there be crazy people here . claire let 's get a drink . mike ah ... I should not ... on duty . she plow toward the crowded bar , just inside the ballroom entrance , mike follow . claire I will have a spritzer , order something soft for yourself ... I must go for a pee . mike I will come with you . claire I think I can probably do that on my own . close on mike : not amused . claire head to the lady ' room across from the bar . mike watch she enter . turn back to the bar , which be very busy and confuse . mike ( irritate ) gimme a spritzer , and a ... vodka martini . mike see the pretty Young thing . mike make it a double . CUT to : int . lady ' room - same - night as a pair of women finish they " touch - up " and head out , make way for claire to step up to the mirror to assess herself . the room momentarily empty . put she purse down she move to a stall and enter . CUT to : int . bar counter - night mike , wait , glance back at the door as the two women exit , then turn to the barman to receive the drink . CUT to : int . lady ' room - same low angle on the door -- as a pair of man 's shoe pass through frame . close on claire , inside a stall she hear footstep quietly enter , follow by a click of a door . it 's not the click of a stall door , because the footstep then proceed inward ; we hear a stall door close and lock . it give she momentary pause , but she dismiss it , look for she purse -- realize she leave it on the sink -- open she stall door and head out . she barely hear the " click " of the bolt slide behind she -- and look up , into the mirror , seeing venza appear behind she . she spin -- but do not have time to cry out . he 's grab she by the throat . CUT to : int . ballroom - same moment - night mike and the pretty young thing : she do not notice he try to drift away . pretty young thing you know what ? I do not think you be a policeman at all . I think you be just some schmuck who use that " policeman " line as a come - on . CUT to : int . lady ' room - same - night claire attempt to breathe -- she face be bring to within a inch of he . venza Christ , you be one beautiful woman . I could kill you right now , but I be not gonna ... ' cause you be gonna help I . you be gonna see I in a police line - up and say it be not I . and if you do not do that , someone will come after you . they be gonna find you dead , with you face miss -- understand ... good ... because otherwise , it would be this easy . close on claire : she eye wide with terror . he rub he thumb across she mouth , smear the lipstick . venza now walk outta here . and if you ever see I again ... you never see I before . to make he point , he squeezy harder -- claire' eye bulg , as tear run from she eye . CUT to : int . museum - upper tier - same - night mike , finally put distance between he and the " pretty young thing . " angle : mike , as he catch sight of a back of a man ( venza ) move out of the lady ' room . stun , mike pivot , turning , sprint in the direction of the lady ' room . outside the lady ' room : two woman just go in . mike push he way in , slamm the door behind he . the other women gasp , see mike invade they sanctuary . inside the lady ' room : mike close on mike : relieved but shocked to see claire , dishevel , lipstick smear across she mouth , throat and face , but otherwise uninjured . mike turn , call to the two women come in . mike take care of she ! mike take off after venza -- int . upper tier out of lady ' room , and up the ramp to the nearest ( the upper ) level . angle : he see venza get into the elevator . this be only one place for it to go -- down . mike change direction and frantically run down the spiraling ramp try to keep pace with the descent of the elevator . at the ground level he sees the elevator door OPEN and venza exit amidst the party . angle on venza : venza make he way to the front entrance and exit the build . angle on mike : mike hurtle down the ramp and desperately fight he way through the CENTER of the party and out the front entrance . CUT to : ext . guggenheim museum - night mike exit the build bewilder ; lose he ... run blindly amidst pedestrian -- spot venza ahead . angle on venza reach someone mike can't see . mike put he hand in he jacket for he gun . mike venza ! venza hear and slow , but doesn't turn . onlooker turn . venza be talk to someone , take he time . angle on venza : untrouble , turn ; raise he arm , and smiling . angle on mike : confuse -- see that the man venza stop to talk to be a patrolman , he would stop to give himself up . close on mike : breathless as he move toward venza . mike frisk venza as he turn , smiling at mike . CUT to : int . precinct - day mike and t.j. with garber , mike be congratulated by cop who pass . but garber do not look happy . mike ( protest ) but I get he ! he 's in jail ! be not that the point ...?! garber you apprehend he after he give himself up -- mike it be not a bad bust . he give himself up because he know I be gonna nab he . garber anyone who turn himself in make a good case for bail . mike even joey venza ?! garber he 's get a good lawyer , and he make a smart move . we have get a scared witness and a suspect who prove " good will " by turn himself in . mike ( protest ) what about when she identify he ?! garber if she identify he . ( turn , unload on he ) where the fuck be you anyway , cowboy ! venza be meat . he walk right past you , and now we be the one play catch -up ! you better hope she identify he . garber turn on he heel , entering he office ; leave mike look at t.j. dismay . t.j. be not you fault . mike ( exasperate ) it be my fault , t.j. fuck ! CUT to : ext . tract home - brooklyn height - afternoon a tree-line neighborhood . the house have a for sale sign in front ; mike be stand in front of a cab , he 's dress for work -- he look around . the cab pull out , he head for the front door . int . tract home - afternoon mike enter the house . it 's nothing special . ellie be in another room . she join mike . ellie the real estate lady leave , she could not wait anymore . what take you ? mike ( upset ) oh , some shit . ellie what shit , honey ? mike you do not want to hear about it . ellie begin to show he the place . ellie ... look at the fireplace . you do not get workmanship like that anymore . angle on mike : preoccupy . ellie ninety - seven five . what do you think ? he nod , try hard to " be there , " but ellie be not fool ; she assess he with concern . ellie honey . you get he . mike I do not know that ellie . he might get out . garber 's not bein ' straight with the witness , she could be in deep shit if she identify he , and it 's my job to convince she she will not be . ellie ( the voice of sanity ) she 's get to identify he . mike why ? ellie ( take aback ) because the the only way to stop crime be to identify criminal . I can not believe you be talk this way mister detective -- I think she 's get a lot of gut . mike I think -- she 's crazy . ellie I would identify he . mike I might stop you . a beat . ellie oh I can see you have have a bad day . we will see the house another time , okay ? mike ( try to recover ) no ! no ! I be sorry . ninety - seven five right ? ellie where would you get the tie ? he 's wear the tie claire buy he . mike ( distract ) buy it . ellie it 's not you taste . mike what do she say the down payment be ? pause . dead silence . mike she do not like the other one , so she pick this one . ellie she take you shopping for a tie ? mike I have to follow she to a store . ellie what 's wrong with you paisley tie ? mike ellie , it be a formal party ... ellie Excuse I ! you go to a party with she ? mike I be she bodyguard , goddamnit ... ellie I know you be she bodyguard . do she buy it or do you ? mike she buy it . ellie why ? mike I do not know why she buy I a tie ! -- she 's a generous person -- and she 's a nice person -- and I could be settin ' she up to be kill ... you want the fuckin ' tie ? his voice resonate through the empty house , create a ringing silence . ellie begin to giggle . ellie ( joke ) no , I do not want the ' fuckin ' " tie -- I be sorry -- ( conciliatory ) I be glad she buy you a tie . you need one . you look good in that tie . ( a beat ) next time you two go shopping , maybe you could tell she we need a new maytag stackable , double - decker washer and dryer set . mike smile , she give he a kiss , and a flick on the nose . ellie you want to see the bedroom . CUT to : int . den - later - night the wall clock read 9:45 . claire be work at she desk . she get up and move into the hallway where she see mike through the half - open door . claire move to the doorway . claire hi. just check to see if you be here . mike I come on at 8:00 . a awkward silence . mike you all right ? claire yeah . mike I be sorry about what happen . claire listen , that be my fault . mike ( disagreeing ) I should not have listen to you , I should have follow you right into the " can " the way he do . claire if I have know I be go to have company , he be right next to I . I think he hear I pee ! I hate that , I be glad he 's in jail . she laugh , he smile , both attempt to make light of it . but it 's hard to make light of ; the attempt quickly fade . claire Lieutenant garber say when I identify he , they be go to lock he up and throw away the key . mike nod ; buttone he lip . claire I guess I be suppose to do it in the morning . identify he . mike ( uneasy ) sooner , the better . claire he say he would kill I . mike Big talk ... desperate guy . claire right . how could he do that if he 's in jail and they have throw away the key ...? mike be torn . mike it 's the right thing to do . identify he . she start to walk away . mike Claire ? claire hmm ... mike ( hold up a book ) you would not happen to know what language they speak in India , do you ? claire urdu and Hindi . mike ( amaze ) yeah , what a woman . he mark it in he crossword : she move closer , lean over he shoulder to see . claire do not do very well , do you ? mike ( a laugh ) nope ... never finish one yet . I hate this thing . claire you be read my renoir . mike how do you know ? claire you put it back in the wrong place ... do you like renoir ? mike ( thoughtful ) they be kind of fuzzy . claire you know why they be like that ...? he be myopic ... go blind . mike no kid . in the silence that follow , they eye on each other , appraise . claire so , this could be you last night , huh ? mike could be , I guess . claire ( a think ) want to go out for a drink ? ( be : he surprised expression ) I mean , we be both sit here , and joey venza 's in jail ... mike ( a beat ) yeah , I like that ! where you go , I follow . CUT to : ext . fifth avenue - night claire and mike walk ; she arm looped in he -- the black - and - white keep pace alongside they -- they conversation animated , clearly enjoy one another 's company . claire ( laugh ) you mean to tell I , a mugger would stay away from someone because they walk a certain way ? mike absolutely . look at this . he demonstrate a peculiar walk ; arm and leg move in ridiculous awkwardness . claire that 's the dumbest walk I ever see ! mike ( indignant ) no , no seriously ! there 's a study do on this , you walk this way , the mugger be gonna single you out . claire and die laugh , because you be walk so stupid ! mike ( mock anger ) hey . this be my business . do I tell you you business . claire okay . let 's just see if a mugger get I . she take off down the street ; walk stupidly , worse than he do -- he 's laughing as he watch her go . CUT to : int . patrol car - night the cop follow exchange dubious glance , get a glimpse of the strangeness . dissolve to : int . piano bar - night camera finding claire and mike , at a small table , in darkness , a piano bar play in the background . the song be sung be " someone to watch over I . " mike ... it be like ... the minute I see she ... I know . she look so damn adorable in a cop 's uniform ... puttin ' on a big , tough act ... claire so it be " love " . mike yeah . it be . claire and " be " ...? he hesitates ; but nod . mike ( confirm it ) yeah . claire that 's nice . and you live in queen ? with a child , and a dog ...? mike no dog . claire I see you with a dog , in my mind . mike no dog . claire but " nice " . mike very nice . her envy be plain . mike what about Neil ? claire you do not like he , do you ? mike ( a pause ) what 's to like ? claire ( amused ) tell it like it be . mike you ask . claire he 's very caring , in he way . you have not see he at he best . mike you could do better . claire ( laugh ) I will miss you , Mike ... angle on both : the music play . claire it be nice have you " watch over I " ... mike yeah . I like be around you too ... Claire . close on mike : feel a moment of awkwardness . mike let 's go home . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night the patrol car keep pace as the two walk home ; the cop in the black - and - white exchange a look at what they be see . mike be hold she arm , she 's huddle up ; she be cold and he remove he topcoat and put it around she shoulder . CUT to : ext . claire' build - night the patrol car come to a stop as mike and claire enter . angle on the two cop again : watch they go . CUT to : int . claire' elevator - night as they ride up in silence -- on opposite side of the elevator -- look at each other . it come to a stop , and neither move ; the tension be palpable . she step out first , he follow . she move to the door and stop -- she shoulder visibly relax as he move up behind she . but he stop , too . and she turn . another angle : both captive to indecision . it be he who make it , just by stay immobile for too long . she smile and take off she coat , hold it out to he . and in the moment of exchange be the return to reality . claire good night , Mike . mike sleep good . she turn to open the door . enter she -- and we -- suddenly can see Neil pace in the hall , b.g . he 's return . he look up , worried and very upset . close angle on face . neil it 's 3 o'clock in the morning . where the hell have you be ? CUT to : int . downtown headquarters - day mike head down a long hall toward garber' office : it 's like run a gauntlet . cop # 1 hey , Mike , tough night . koontz I guess it happen , you know ? a chick give you a ride in she limousine , the next thing she want be to wear you clothes ... ( a beat ) ... I hear he have she underpant on he head . that one get to he ; stop dead by it , he turn , give koontz a challenging look . cop # 1 ease up , Mike . ai not nobody gonna tell the old lady . close on mike : cool down -- then gird himself for garber . koontz ai not the first time the taxpayer pay for a blow - job neither . CUT to : int . corridor - day garber and mike on the carpet . garber ( steam ) do not tell I it be " no big deal , " it be out of line , it make you look like a asshole , and it make I look like a asshole . she 's come in , in a few minute to i.d. venza . if steinhart 's with she , I want you to apologize . ( in motion ) let 's get this over with ... in the room next to the corridor , koontz interrupt the shift already there , enter . koontz okay , we be gonna have a line - up here ... the other cop grab they thing and scatter , not want to get involved in another cop 's headache . CUT to : int . farther down the corridor - same - day claire approach with neil , with t.j. on guard -duty . garber good morning , miss Gregory . mike and claire catch each other 's eye . he see how nervous she be . claire it be my fault not detective keegan 's , I be sorry for all the fuss . neil catch mike' glance at she ; reassure himself with a glance at claire , straighten , still steam from last night . garber pick up on it , not like the tension , especially not now ; he eye throw dagger at mike . garber ( to Claire ) you all ready ? neil ( play the protector role ) will this take long ? garber we will see . garber turn , get they start . CUT to : int . viewing room - same - day they crowd in ; another man already stand there -- venia' park avenue lawyer . a one - way window look into the brightness of the line - up ( squad ) room that 's emptied now and undergo preparation by koontz . garber to claire , a professional reassurance . garber they can not hear you , they can not see you ... ( introduce pro forma ) Mr. venza 's attorney , Mr. neuman ; arrest officer keegan ... ( to Claire ) good luck . with that , garber lead neil out . neil manage a final concerned stare at claire before he go . the door close . mike , claire , and a unruffled mr . neuman , the lawyer , be leave alone in the cramped space . int . line - up room - same - day koontz beckon venza and the other four line - up participant in . koontz okay , take a seat ... you , put a couple phone book under you rear ... venza enter confidently , with the other . he 's number three . he take he place , stare unconcernedly past the bright light toward the direction of the mirrore window , as if he could see through it , into claire' eye . int . viewing room - same - day claire , stare expressionless , she eye etched with fear . mike aware of that fear . venia' lawyer wait patiently , casually . int . line - up room - day venza and the other waiting , now stand on display . koontz ( v.o. ) ( over speaker ) will everyone except number three please take one step back ? venia' jaw tightens , a flicker , before catch himself and control the reaction . realizing . she 's make positive identification . CUT to : int . subway - evening mike , empty -ey . on he way home . CUT to : int . mike' live room - night ellie dress for sleep , in a disneyworld t-shirt , pause to glance with worried eye -- toward the live room where we hear the SOUND of a tv . angle on mike : on a couch , beer in hand -- mindlessly watch . ellie come to bed ? mike few minute . want to catch the news . ellie ( hesitant ) should I wait up ? we have get to get up early for the beach tomorrow . mike I will be right up . she accept it , reluctantly -- return to the bedroom . close on mike : hit the remote to scan the channel ; troubled . CUT to : int . claire' den - evening claire at ease on the couch , stare , try to follow the image of the television . neil , at the bar , pour they both a drink . neil they need I back in Miami , but I would really like it if you could join I . the marlin fishing 's suppose to be great off the key ... he step forward with she drink . neil the change would do you a world of good . she straighten , suddenly attentive , in response to something on the tv . it 's a report from outside the courthouse , with the tv newsman report : tv newsman denied bail , joey venza will remain behind bar at least until the time of the trial -- angle on neil , watch . neil hallelujah . he give she a drink , lean down to kiss she on the forehead . neil at least now we can get on with we own life . CUT to : int . mike' kitchen - morning where life have indeed return to normal , except for the heavy weight of memory . mike , at the counter , make sandwiches , pack a cooler for the game . he grab tommy with a arm-hook as tommy try to swipe a sandwich on the pass through . mike hey , not yet ! how many time ... roughhouse tommy , mike get he squealing . ellie enter , stomping she foot clean , come in from the garden . ellie God , it 's freezin ' out there . she blow on she hand , show mike how cold , put they against he cheek . mike ( wince ) ah ! she do it to tommy , too , except he 's too fast for she , yell and squirming out of the way . the phone ring . ellie do not answer it . tommy pick it up . tommy ( a beat ) wait a sec . he offer the phone out to ellie . ellie hello. ( a beat ) yes , just a second . ( hand it to Mike ) it 's the whip . mike take it . ellie turn to tommy , who yelp and dart away , avoid she cold touch . mike ( into phone ) hey Lieutenant , how be you ...? what ?! ( to ellie ) venza 's out . ( back to phone ; piss ) why do not the i.d. unit or the d.a. 's office know about he sheet ? ( a beat ) ah shit ... yeah , yeah , okay I be on my way in . he slam down the phone , raging . ellie what ? mike goddamn venza assault a taxi driver in the bronx , thirteen month ago . it 's come to court and the judge let he walk because of the pend case law . in a fit of rage , he swipe at a milk carton , send it hurtling against a wall . angle on tommy : amaze . ellie Mike , take it easy ... mike take it easy ! I set she up . I see it come . ellie it 's not you fault . Mike , please get off the case . mike ( distraught ) it be my fault ! I be responsible for she ! ellie do you hear what I say ? mike do you hear what I say ?!! silence . mike ( to ellie , with finality ) I be due on at seven . he dump the rest of the lunch preparation in the sink , exite . angle on tommy and ellie look distraught . tommy ( dismally ) we be not go to the game , be we Mom ? ellie ( pull herself together ) sure we be , let 's go ! CUT to : int . claire' kitchen - evening music turned up full . claire spill red wine over the counter , uncork the bottle . she leave the stain , grab the bottle and a wine glass , take they with she , in emotional extremis . CUT to : ext . claire' apartment build - evening angle on mike : as he round a corner almost bumping into the jogger from claire' build ; mike hurry , sidestepping he , heading toward the entrance . angle from he Pov : claire' front entrance ; extra security -- a squad car parked in front now . angle on mike : sprint inward . CUT to : int . claire' vestibule - same - night the elevator door OPEN and mike step out , breathless , confront koontz . the music continue to blast from behind the close apartment door . koontz grab he stuff , massive understatement . koontz she 's a little upset . you be go to have to piss in a bottle . he hold up a beer bottle ; half - fill with urine . koontz ( pack it under he arm ) sorry , I do not have any extras . have a nice night . he willingly leave , and mike wait but a split second , before go to the door . they be close . music blare from within . no other response . int . claire' live room - same - night distraught , claire try to bring herself back from the brink , place the wine bottle rack down after she 's pour . mike ( o.s. ) Claire ? claire ( frighten ) what do you want ? mike ( o.s. ) open the door , will you ? claire I can not open it . mike ( o.s. ) it 's just I . I want to talk to you . let I in ... the lock turn and it open , but just a crack , enough to see that she 's hysterical , she eye reddene from cry . claire you put I life in danger . mike no , you will be safe . we be gonna pick he up again ... claire and then what ? I will never be safe . I will have to leave the country ! you can not protect I , and you can not keep he in jail ! and you know that all the goddamn time ! near burst , she slam the door , leave mike stunned : Inside , the music be turned up again to thunderous proportion . clench he fist , mike pace in frustration , then slam he fist against the wall -- noticing the door have fail to fully shut . he push it OPEN , entering the apartment , camera following he as he look for she . the music , bound off the high ceiling and marble floor , be thunderous . int . claire' hall - night mike ( search for she ) Claire ...? he move hurriedly down the hall to she bedroom , enter , without warning , to see her reflection in the mirror as she pull on some clothes . mike what be you do ? the dress on , she sweep past he , head toward the door . claire you tell I I be safe ? I be go for a walk in the park . mike Claire , will you calm down ? claire I be perfectly calm , I be a normal human be . I be go for a walk in the park . mike Claire ...! she head out the bedroom door . CUT to : int . hall - same - night angle on claire : as she head down the hall move fast , he 's right behind she . mike stop , will you ?! he grab her , spinning her around . claire ( struggle ) let go ! mike stop be nut ! claire ( hysterical ) I trust you ! I think you care about I ?! mike I do care about you ! claire more bullshit ! more bullshit ! ( struggle ) what kind of odd be they give I ? there must be some kind of office pool . one month ? a couple of day ? they physicality reach a climax with mike pin she against the wall , she , restrain by he , finally giving up , with a sob , and collapsing into he arm . mike ( handle she close ) easy ... easy ... I be not gonna leave you alone like this ... angle on claire : gasp as she cling to he . mike I be not gonna let anything happen to you ... he hold she ; make a tentative move toward she -- and stop . she close the distance . they kiss . they separate , make sure . they kiss again , certain . CUT to : int . mike' bedroom - night ellie startles awake , premonitorily . ellie : she turn in the darkness to look at the clock . heart beat , she recline again , lie awake , realize what it be that wake she . she listen , hearing it again . a shuffle SOUND , something move , outside . she stir , sit up , listen . angle : only silence answer . ellie get up , dissatisfied by the silence , and move to the rear bedroom window . at the rear window , she look out into the darkness . her Pov - back yard it 's almost impossible to see anything . nothing move . int . hall / landing - night ellie close tommy be door , listen again for the SOUND ; start quietly down the stair . int . downstair hall - night ellie reach the ground floor , move for the kitchen . int . kitchen - night ellie enter . she gasp . a SMALL shadowed figure turn , confronting her . it 's tommy , have leave he room earlier . tommy ( hushed ) there 's somebody outside ... recovering from the scare , ellie grab he , relieved , sink to she knee and holding he tight . CUT to : int . claire' bedroom - night mike get up , dress . claire watch from the bed . he return she gaze , reluctant to go , but hesitate to touch she again . claire clasp he hand , bring he closer . they kiss , in affirmation . int . vestibule - night mike stand by the front door as t.j. arrive to begin he duty . t.j. we be gonna need snow boot . mike nod , absently , enter the elevator . the phone start to ring in the apartment . CUT to : int . subway - early a.m. - night mike ; miserable . the " queen " exit be see approaching through the train window ; he attempt to pull himself together , rise , wait for the train to stop . ext . mike' STREET - same as mike round the corner and look up . his breath catch . his heart start to pound . ahead , light ablaze . one cop car be in front of he house , and a jeep ( belong to scotty ) . mike break into a run . int . mike' entry - night - morning he rush in . the front door be unlock , light be on , but otherwise there be nothing different . he hear voice . int . mike' kitchen - night - morning mike hurry in . the room be bright . scotty and another cop , brooklyn from the 117th , look up from the kitchen table , nursing cup of coffee . brooklyn be on duty ; scotty have come over on he own . tommy have long since be ushere back to bed . ellie make coffee at the stove , turn as mike enter . she be okay , return mike be stare with embarrassment . scotty calm down , everything be okay . ellie report a prowler . probably one of that peeper who have be make this neighborhood such a pleasure ... scotty collect he gun from the table , rise . scotty we all look like hell . brooklyn ( rise ) well , there you be ... ( to ellie , unconcern ) I will come 'round in the car from time to time so you can get some sleep . just keep the shade pull . he give she a peck , yawn . brooklyn thanks for the coffee . ellie ( to both ) thanks . you be terrific . scotty wave she off with a goodbye , exite after brooklyn . ellie turn back to mike . ellie ( sheepishly ) I be sorry . I know I hear noise ... the detective 's wife ... mike ( tensely ) I want you and Tommy to stay with my mother . she shake she head , amused . ellie do not be ridiculous ... that 's all I need , rub up against you mother and grandmother every day ... I can take care of myself ... ( gently , to he ) c'mon , let 's go to bed ... we all need some sleep ... close on mike . feeling like absolute hell . CUT to : int . mike and ellie' dine room - afternoon mike be thread he necktie . ellie stand behind he , in the kitchen , grin . ellie c'mon , do not make a issue of it . do you want the fuck meatloaf or not ? mike D ' you have to say " fuck " every other word ? ellie what be that ? mike you hear I . ellie Jesus , Mike , somebody 's be feed you a line of crap . mike what be you talk about -- ellie I be talk about I have be talk this way for sixteen year and now , out of the blue , it 's vulgar ! she leave the room , slamm the door behind she . he look at himself in the mirror , wonder what 's possess he . mike fuck . what 's happen ? int . mike' kitchen - day mike sit at the table with a cup of coffee . he watch ellie from the window . mike' Pov ellie : tight jeans , workshirt , scarf tie around she head , she look great . she look up , rinsing a greasy grill over a bucket of hot water , playfully spray the window with the hose , see he watch she . CUT to : int . subway - evening mike walk along the platform amidst the crowded car , return to he work and he destination . CUT to : int . claire' entry hall - evening a heavy silence . mike sit , on duty again . he keep to himself . he do not move from he chair . claire finally enter . she hold tensely , wait , aware of he mood . claire be everything all right ? his stare be unyield . mike yeah . claire they call here after you leave ... mike ( sharply ) she 's okay . everything 's okay ... he look up . mike ( anguish ) I do not know you ... claire this be I , Mike . there 's nothing else ... mike you do not wash you clothes at the boulevard laundromat ... you do not pick up you kid from some crummy public school ... what be this ? a fuckin ' joke ? claire ( beat ; sustain ) okay , then let 's make it easy . it be a mistake . do not make I feel guilty now that it 's over , let 's forget about it . she walk away ; mike sit . int . claire' study she turn to she table to resume work . scribble page litter the surface . her hand betray she . it 's a effort of will . mike enter , move closer . beginning to cry , she feel he embrace , turn into it . claire do not you think I know what this be do . I know you have a wife . I know you have a family ... I be not ask for anything . I do not want anything ... just please hold I I be scared ... CUT to : int . claire' bedroom - early a.m. - night claire lie asleep . mike lean over she as she wake , meeting he gaze , bring he closer before he go . they kiss . he withdraw , tenderly return she gaze and return she to sleep . int . her hallway - early a.m. - night t.j. stand in the hallway . t.j. Mike ...? angle on t.j. , as the bedroom door open -- revealing mike . t.j. recoil with surprise . t.j. oh , man . I do not believe you . mike step out , close the door behind he ; distraught . mike ( beat ) all fuck up , t.j. t.j. issue a long , sadden sigh ; just stare at he . CUT to : int . mike and ellie' bedroom - night mike sit in a chair by the far wall , stare out toward Manhattan , which glow palely , in the distance . now pan over the bed where ellie lie asleep . but as we move close to her face , we see she be not asleep ; wide -ey , aware of mike in the chair . dissolve to : int . mike and ellie' bedroom - night - later ellie stir as mike slip between the sheet . she embrace he , start to kiss he . he roll over . a moment of silence . ellie you gotta get another tour . we be gettin ' too old for this . mike I be sorry . ellie I be not say it 's you fault . more silence . mike what do you do tonight ? ellie I watch tv . mike what do you watch ? ellie I do not remember Michael , go to sleep . you do not have to make conversation with I . she snuggle up to he . ellie I will make a reservation tomorrow for early dinner . you can sleep till noon . CUT to : int . brooklyn restaurant - evening the light of New York beginning to sparkle against a darken sky ; mike and ellie at a table that look out on the East River . it 's a ok restaurant , not the poshest in the world . ellie find herself carry most of the conversation . they scan menus to order . ellie hey , we qualify for the senior citizen early - Bird special ... do you see Tommy today ? he miss you ... mike well . this will be over soon . venza 's such a nut job , we be bound to pick he up soon . ellie ( carefully ) I would like you to switch to the day shift , Mike . to be home for dinner . helen insist that t.j. be home for dinner ... that 's why he 's on the morning shift . mike well , t.j.'s ... seniority ... and all. ( evasive ) I will talk to garber about it . ellie ( gird herself ) I already do . I mean , I talk to he wife , and she talk to he ... mike ( stop ) you talk to he wife ? close on mike : incredulous . mike my wife talk to he wife about what shift I be gonna take ? ellie what 's the difference ? mike be nonpluse ; not know how to respond . ellie unless there 's some particular reason why it feel better to be around she at night . he shake he head , dismissively . ellie be there , Mike ? no response ; mike have trouble with it . close on ellie : sense deception . her eye begin to glisten . close on mike : see she distress . unable to hide he own . she look at he -- and know he as well as she do , be certain . she put a hand in front of she mouth in a attempt not to cry . ellie what , what be it ? be it serious or what ...? quit look at I like that ! what 's with this ridiculous silence ?! her eye flush with tear . ellie goddamn . I never think this would happen to I ... you fuckin ' sonofabitch ... she upset she setting , getting up from the table , shaking he off . ellie I just want you off the case . get off it , or do not come home . ( she voice tremble ) and I want you to remember ... when we be old ... that when this awful thing happen ... I behave like a lady . ( embitter ) the kind of " lady " you apparently prefer . waiter ( approach ) we get some special . she bolt from the room ; mike follow she . mike ( to the waiter ) we will be right back . CUT to : ext . restaurant - parking lot - night she weave toward the car . mike go after she . mike let I drive ... ellie get away from I ... get away ! she mean that much to you , you stay with she . but you come back , you come back for I . not for Tommy , not for you mother , or you fuck job , but for I . mike ( torture ) El ? I be sorry . I do love you . ( with difficulty ) and you be a lady . I have so much respect ... she turn and swing at he , catch he square in the nose ; he 's stunne and bleed . ellie ( through she tear ; scream ) you fucker ! do not tell I how much respect you have ! you dumb mother fuck fucker ! now get off this case or do not come home !! she run to she car , burning rubber as she peel out of the parking lot -- leave mike , distraught , gaze after she . CUT to : ext . phone booth - brooklyn bridge - same - evening traffic roaring by -- revealing mike , upset , on a pay phone , a finger in one ear , wait for the phone to answer . mike hey , t.j. ? yeah , listen , I need a huge favor from you , man . I know helen do not like you to miss dinner , but I need you to switch shift with I tonight . ( a beat ) just " personal " . I do not know what the hell I be doin ' , I need some time to think . ( angere ) look , do it or do not do it , but spare I the fuckin ' lecture , all right ? he hang up : miserable . CUT to : ext . claire' build - evening a squad car park in front , camera panning to the door , as the jogger ( mr . SPARKS ) exit , dress in he usual outfit , pounding determinedly across the street . another angle : as he lope into the park . another angle : as he reach a stoplight crossing that 's " red " ; he wait to cross , jogging in place ; cross into the park . a sinister lone black limo approach , slow to a stop behind he , its back door slowly swinging open , engulf we sight of he ... CUT to : ext . claire' build - later the " jogger " return , obscure he identity from the park patrol car , by wiping he face with a towel . before head to the door , where a doorman stand guard , he delay as though waiting for something . it 's happen : a dainty teenage vietnamese girl , distract the doorman at he post , get enough of he attention selling flowers , and spout vietnamese , for the " jogger " to slip by , make it inside . doorman I know sweetheart ... we have enough flower here . angle : vietnamese girl , still spout . doorman no , no , sweetheart ... not here ... get go ... okay . angle : vietnamese girl , back off , see the jogger slip by and she mission accomplish . vietnamese girl ( sweetly , to doorman ) have a nice day . the girl : slyly cursing the doorman in vietnamese as she skip off . CUT to : int . build lobby - same the " jogger , " he face still obscure by the towel wait for the elevator , as t.j. , arrive , enter the building . they both enter the elevator in silence . angle on t.j. glance at the jogger quizzically . the jogger avoid he stare , camera tilting up to the indicator , beginning to rise . CUT to : int . SPARKS ' vestibule close on " jogger be " key , enter the lock . it turn . close on he face . he enter . CUT to : int . SPARKS ' apartment - same as the killer close the door . he 's in the kitchen . all be quiet in there . in closeup , we see he jogging shirt come off , revealing a shoulder holster ; a specially design " belt " remove and laid on the kitchen table . a " silencer " within . CUT to : int . claire' kitchen - evening claire eagerly and earnestly prepare dinner . she make some fluff , not really use to this . classical music play . she look up expectantly , hearing the footstep . close on claire : surprised to see it 's t.j. t.j. detective keegan be ... Mike ... " Michael " ask I to tell you he 's under the weather . claire : she handle it , crestfallen . t.j. he will probably take the morning shift . claire he 's okay ? t.j. spot , over he shoulder , the table , set for two . t.j. yeah , just ... bad gut . y'know . claire oh . nothing leave to say ; she hide she disappointment with a nod . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - fifth avenue - night active with nightlife ; camera panning to a lone figure walk in the night . it 's mike ; he collar turn up against the cold , he face grim and pensive . he pass a art gallery and pause to gaze in , he eye refocus on he own reflection stare back at he . CUT to : int . claire' apartment - same - night claire immobile , on a window seat in she live room , the classical music still play softly in the background , she eye empty as she gaze out into the park . the music continue over : CUT to : ext . central park - night outside and far below , the glow from the tip of a cigarette redden the darkness with a inhalation . venza : he stand , impervious to the cold , look up at the window of claire be apartment . angle up to claire : silhouetted in the distant window . venza : finish he butt , flick it , satisfied , get into he car curbside and drive away . CUT to : int . claire' vestibule - night t.j. , dozing as the elevator indicator head upward -- finally reach we floor . the door OPEN , startling t.j. he stare at mike with dismay . music be heard from just inside . t.j. ( fatigue ) tell I I be dreamin' . mike I just gotta talk to she , t.j. mike enter , close the door behind he . int . claire' apartment - same - night Silent , save for classical music -- as mike quietly enter . he pause a moment , he eye fill with unhappiness , then move in the direction of the music -- spotting claire , immobile since we last see she , still gaze out the window . close on mike : as always , affected by her . she become aware of he presence and slowly turn . for a long moment , neither seem willing to move -- or speak . finally , he do . mike t.j. agree to take my shift . he know about we . she absorb it , without response . mike ( a beat ; with difficulty ) so do ellie . she nod . thoughtfully . as though willing to deal with it intellectually , but avoid any encounter with she emotion . claire you tell she ? mike not exactly . claire what do you want to do ? mike I do not know . her eye turn to he . she move toward he and sit . claire pull he close to she . a soft gershwin tune play . she see how draw mike be . claire you be tired . ( smile , gently ) let I watch over you tonight ... CUT to : int . claire' bedroom - night it 's quiet . mike sleep deeply on the bed . claire do she work at the bedroom desk nearby ; glance gently over , keep she watch , glad of the feel . CUT to : int . SPARKS ' apartment - same - night the merv griffin show play on the tv ; it end , a voice over indicate to " stay tune for the news " . it be silenced by remote control -- we hear footstep move away . angle inside the kitchen : close on the murderous paraphernalia leave on the kitchen table , be assemble by the " jogger " . CUT to : int . claire' vestibule - same - night the apartment pin-quiet and darken . t.j. in he chair -- head arched back ; snore ; he self - help book abandon on the floor . CUT to : int . SPARKS ' vestibule - same - night SPARKS ' front door quietly " clicking " shut as the killer exit . closer angle : the button of the elevator be pushed by a glove hand . it activate a " hum . " CUT to : int . claire' apartment - same - night long angle down the hall , on the close door to the bedroom suite . CUT to : int . claire' vestibule - same - night as the elevator slide to a stop , its door glide OPEN . the killer , keep himself flatten back out of sight , glance quickly out , gun and reflex at the ready . it 's unnecessary . the vestibule 's desert ; t.j.'s post be momentarily empty . the killer step silently , easing out the elevator . CUT to : int . claire' apartment - same - night t.j. at the toilet ; yawn as he pee . CUT to : int . claire' hallway - same - night the killer pause , hearing the toilet flush , retreat the other way . CUT to : int . claire' apartment - same - night as t.j. emerge from the bathroom . he stretch , try to shake he fatigue . make a decision , he head for the kitchen to get a cup of coffee -- camera following he as he enter , snap on the light . moving directly to the stove , he examine the Mr. coffee ; the red " on " button glow , but the pot be virtually empty . pick it up , he move to the sink , turn on the tap , which be a thin , gooseneck spigot . he look up , hearing a slight shuffle , see the killer' feet stick out of the shadow of the floor of the laundry room . t.j. react -- too late -- there 's a slight chung , and a hole open up in t.j. ' S gut ; the bullet that go through he , ricochete and nick off the end of the thin , curving tap , send a stream of water gush straight up . the killer move quickly , catch t.j.' S body , try to break its fall as it hit the floor . CUT to : int . claire' bedroom - same - night claire asleep in mike' protective embrace : mike , awake , he eye to the bedside table , notice the almost imperceptible disturbance of vibration ripple the surface of the drink leave there by the clock . mike sit up ; as if by instinct , sense something be wrong . claire continue to sleep . int . claire' hallway / outer bedroom - same - night the killer open the bedroom suite door , step into the anteroom . off to the right be the close door of the bedroom . he step in the direction , reach the doorknob -- think twice about it , though , see the door on the other side of the anteroom which would take he the longer , but unexpected route into the bedroom . he back off , move silently to the other door , turn it open silently and slip through into the closet and walk - through dressing room lead to the bedroom by the far side . int . claire' bedroom - night mike : on the other side of the door , listen . he open the door quietly , see the anteroom door ajar , remember that he have close it before . he tighten , close the door and move back to he gun in its holster drape over the chair with he other clothes . int . dressing room - night the killer enter the reflective maze . int . master bath - night mike move silently , backtrack through the bedroom and bathroom toward the door lead to the dress room ahead . int . dressing room - night the killer pass the door he want , think it 's just another mirror ; find himself in the totally mirrore environment of the MAIN dressing area . on the other side of the door , mike hear he , tightening he grip on he gun and on the doorknob as he reach for it . mike grasp it , turn and open the door silently . but the latch connect to the light , and the light goe on overhead of mike . the killer react quickly , gun draw , on the turn . but he face several reflection of mike in front of he -- and mike be behind he . mike level AIM at he . mike put it down ! ( beat ) think about it ! the killer take he chance , whirling . mike fire first , nailing he right through the head . the killer spin again , slamming up against the mirror and fall dead to the floor . in the bedroom : claire wake . mike : check quickly on the dead assassin , flatten himself against the wall and scurries back through the bath the way back into the bedroom . mike ( enter , to Claire ) get on the floor ! there may be more ! claire do what he say . mike race into the corridor , hugging the wall ; he pause momentarily , then race down the hall . angle on the opened front door as he reach it , see t.j.'s chair empty . mike ( desperate ) t.j.! mike run , frantically , into the live room , the bathroom , the de -- camera following he into the kitchen . close on he face : twist with grief . angle on t.j. face down in a pool of blood , mike racing to he , roll he over . mike ( sob ) t.j...! mike move by reflex , start mouth - to-mouth . but there be blood everywhere . mike desperate ; pump t.j. be chest . mike live , t.j. please ...! claire appear behind he , to help . mike ( to she ) get security on the phone ! emergency ! she run to the kitchen phone ; it 's dead , the wire CUT . she turn , hurrying to the vestibule and the elevator , pull the alarm , sagging in collapse . the alarm go off within the shaft , throughout the building . angle on mike : shirtless and shoeless , on he knee in t.j. ' S blood , desperately pump he chest . mike ( he voice crack ) ambulance ! ambulance ! he 's get a heartbeat ...! CUT to : int . hospital corridor - near dawn mike alone on a bench , he head in he hand : a couple of cop we recognize from the precinct stand a distance away , at a coffee machine , talk softly as they glance at he . it be not yet dawn . footstep be heard come toward ; mike look up to see garber approaching , he expression appropriate to the occasion . garber reach he ; they exchange a long look , mike' eye etched with anguish . mike ( softly ) they be operate on he . he 's still alive . garber ( grim ) I hear . a long pause , as he look at mike . garber I hear a lot ... anything you want to deny , Mike ? mike ( almost inaudibly ) it should have be I ... garber : aware of he own dilemma . garber then it would have be she , too . ( beat ) I do not know ... but I gotta protect the precinct , too . you be on suspension , pend disciplinary hearing . do not hold you breath . and you be not to go near that woman until she 's no longer under Police protection and this case be close . angle on mike : respond with a silent nod as garber stand look down at he . garber be it " love , " Mike ? I hope so . I want it to be worth it , for you sake . no response . in the response that follow , they hear movement at the end of the hall , look up to see the silhouett figure of ellie , with helen greening in tow . they look small , and lose , frame against a floor - to - ceiling window that 's beginning to illuminate with the first light of day . heavy with sadness , garber turn and head toward the woman . take a long moment . mike decide not to follow . close on mike camera stays at this distance as the threesome come together . we do not hear they word , but sense the emotion by what we see . after a brief exchange of word , garber take helen greening under he arm , and they move away -- leave mike and ellie alone . closer angle : mike and ellie , gaze at each other across the gulf of they collective misery . ellie I be go to visit my sister for a few day . I would like you to get you stuff out . mike what about Tommy ? ellie he will live through it . they all live through it . ( bitter ) what a world , huh ? nothing leave to say ; after a long , last look , she turn to go . but stop . ellie be it venza ? do you get he ? mike no . the last thing she 's go to do be cry . ellie ( she voice give out ) what a shame . she turn and leave : mike gaze after she . CUT to : int . scotty' " bachelor pad " - day mike be be show in by scotty , luggage in hand , scotty do he best to be a good " host , " under try circumstance . scotty you see a couple of the party that go on at this place , you will realize that marriage be a institution whose time have come and go . open a bedroom door . they have enter a bedroom that 's sparse , but decorate with a boy' paraphernalia ; skateboard , " rock " poster , etc . it look sad and barren . scotty Little scotty stay on wednesday , and every other weekend . and know what ? we relationship 's never be better . mike stare at the room , he heart too heavy to respond . scotty , with a pat on the back . scotty make it home , Mike ... he leave -- and after a long moment mike sit on the edge of the bed , like a automaton . stare . CUT to : int . claire' live room - same - day claire and neil in the aftermath . claire remain silent , stare . whatever be to be say be he . neil ( frustrated ) I be no saint , Claire , but I do love you . I can understand the pressure of the circumstance ... but what about when it 's over ? be you go to feel the same way about he ? be he go to move in here and do shift work at the 21st if they will have he back . think this through Claire . ( with feel ) this be the rest of you life we be talk about . neil stare at she . claire I have think it through , Neil . he advert he gaze , turn , control himself , and pick up he coat to go . neil call I if anything change . I love you , Claire . CUT to : int . claire' vestibule - same - day koontz and a uniform cop on guard duty . koontz scan the Post , which have a front page article on it with a headline that indicate the whole story have not " quite " be tell : " intruder slain in daring east side break - in " koontz unbelievable , man , the fuckin ' jogger ... they find he in Atlantic City , totally drugge out and still jogging ... the apartment door swing OPEN and neil emerge . koontz and the cop look up , straighten . koontz fold away the paper . but neil hardly even acknowledge or notice they , exiting . CUT to : int . claire' study - same - day the phone ringing -- camera finding claire , look like a ghost of she past self -- reaching for the phone . claire hello ? ( relieved ) Mike . where have you be ? CUT to : int . scotty' kitchen - same - day mike on the telephone . mike you do not want to know . claire ( v.o. ) oh , I do want to know . I try to reach you at the precinct . mike I have move into scotty 's ... good news about t.j. , though . look like that tough son of a gun be gonna pull through . claire ( v.o. ) oh God , that 's great ! mike ( gently ) be you okay ? CUT to : claire - same claire ( try to brighten ) oh , I be fine . they have replace you with quite a entourage . it 's a regular " march band " . you should see I on the street , you would think I be the first Lady -- she attempt a laugh , try to keep it " light " . claire I be take they all out to queen , as a matter of fact , right in you neighborhood . there 's a event at my Father 's school ... a anniversary ... I think maybe you could come ... mike ( v.o. ) oh that thing in queen . claire ( falter ) I be go away after that , the next morning . CUT to : mike - same impacted by it . mike where ? claire ( v.o. ) pretty far . I be tell not to say anything about it on the phone , in case it 's tapped ... they think it 's best , safer , if I go away , at least till venza 's find . close one mike : absorb it . mike when can I see you ? CUT to : claire - same claire I do not know . garber 's leave order here not to let you in the building . CUT to : mike - same close on mike : beat . mike oh yeah . when be it ? this thing in queen . CUT to : claire - same claire tomorrow night . can you come ? mike ( v.o. ) ( tear ) I do not know . it would not be very smart . claire listen , you be right . do not do it . I will just ... send you a address , okay ? Fighting tear ; not want he to know it . mike ( v.o. ) Claire ... claire no really , it 's okay , I have gotta go . I be expect some call . I will be fine , really . mike ( v.o. ) I will think about Wednesday . mike hang up , tear . CUT to : claire - same hang up . ext . queen - same - day camera panning to reveal mike , lean on a car , under the " El " wait . he spot tommy , come around the corner with he skateboard under he arm , go into a grocery store . mike cross the street as tommy come out of the store . mike Tommy ! tommy spot he : hesitant -- slowly approach the car . mike how be thing go , pal ? tommy okay , I guess . mike how about dinner tonight ? tommy ( evasive ) Mom and I get plan . mike what " plan ? " you and Mom get " plan ? " tommy ( after a long pause ) she 's take sing lesson . mike ( incredulous ) she 's what ? tommy she meet some friend of aunt millie 's who work for a record company . he think she 's get a great voice . tommy be mum : something dawns on mike that sober he up . mike ( outrage ) what ! what kind of pathetic line be that ? tommy ( point ) we be gonna pass the street . mike stop . his goat be get . tommy you come in ? mike no , I be not come in . and if you would rather go to a " sing lesson " than have dinner with you father ... tommy we be not go to a sing lesson , she 's just gonna start take sing lesson . mike so , what be you do tonight ? tommy shoot . mike shoot ? tommy yeah . she say we gotta get use to be alone in this neighborhood . ( a long beat ; observe he father ) ' bye , dad . tommy start toward the house . he 's emotional , but do not know how to express it . mike Tommy ! ( a parting shot ) the guy 's a sleaze - bag . she can not sing . tommy ( turn back , smile ) I do not think she can sing , either . mike take care , pal . he turn away . another angle : mike' car leaving . tommy watch it until it can be see no longer , then turn , go into the house . camera pan slowly -- revealing , far down the block , a car . venza , and another man ( sosa ) , be within : watching . ext . STREET - night mike pound it out run on the darken street . he pause to look up at he dark , empty house as a patrol car slow to check he out . he study they as they pass . close on mike : he gaze after they , then continue to jog . CUT to : int . firing range - same - night gun blast go off in our ear , camera panning a line of cop put in they practice hour ; ending on ellie , she ear blockers on , firing away . close on tommy watch from a booth behind she . angle on her target . its ball blast off . she come out . tommy be not you suppose to aim at the head ? CUT to : int . car - night ellie in the driver 's seat , tommy in the back seat . tommy ( thoughtful ) Mom , what 's go to happen with you and dad ? ellie I do not know Tommy . a long beat as tommy think about this . his attention switch to a pass mcdonald 's. tommy hey , can we go to McDonald 's ? ellie absolutely . CUT to : int . milton gregory - banquet hall - evening overhead , chandelier gleam . a small orchestra comprise of student of the school play a variety of tune . mirror reflect a profusion of flower , carve gilt and candlelight . glove service personnel wait to be of service at the side . the room be quite large yet intimate . the table set perfectly . guest continue to move toward they place engage in animated chatter . another angle : claire move through the crowd , plainclothesmen flanking she as anonymously as possible ( koontz among they ) , her eye anxious , scan the crowd . she' spotted by the principal of the school ( gidding ) , who approach , surprised to see she . gidding hello , Claire . how extraordinary that you come . claire it be something my father always like I to do . gidding ( apprehensive ) you be plan to speak ? claire not if you do not want I to . gidding ( a brief hesitation ) well , of course , we would be ... honore ... claire ( understand ; gamely ) just put in a appearance then . she glance around , she " escort " mistake it for anxiety , one of they take she arm and escort she in . CUT to : int . the banquet room - later speech dron on -- camera finding claire at a round dinner table , with other , who think they be engage she in conversation ; but she thought be elsewhere , she eye continually glance toward the door -- both hope and fear . dissolve to : int . the banquet room - later the speech have long since ended , people dancing , slow dance to the live orchestra -- camera panning to claire , sit in silent isolation at the now sparsely populate table , have lose hope , feel utterly alone . her chin be rest in she hand , she eye fix sadly on she wine glass . plainclothesmen , situate around she , study she dispassionately . close on her face : expressionless . but it slowly gain animation , as she realize the music have change , make a segue to something new . it 's " someone to watch over I . " she look up -- to see mike ; he approach from the bandstand indicate that the change of music be he do . her face break into the most enormous , and grateful , grin . close on mike : return the smile as he come toward . koontz ( as he pass ) do not do it , man . I love ya , but you be out of you mind . uncare , mike move to claire . angle on both : gaze at each other . claire ( overwhelm ) what a memory . mike do you dance ? claire do you ? mike pretty bad . claire let 's do it . they take to the floor , she moving into he arm . she put she head on he shoulder , then draw back to look at he , study he face with the hunger of a woman who know it might be for the last time . mike they guy treatin ' you all right ? claire ( too emotional to really talk ) yeah . mike I have be do a lot of think . claire ( a pause ) I know . close on he : study she sadden eye . mike it would not work . claire I know . the conversation be deeply caring ; the tone opposite to the word . mike I would miss my life ... claire ... do not explain . she rest she head on he shoulder again ; they continue to dance . mike how long you go away for ? claire Long enough . mike " for " ...? claire " to " ... forget about you . close on her : awash in the nearness of he . claire I will have to pack a lot of clothes . mike ( choke up ) yeah ... he hold she tight -- he eye emotional as they roam the room -- but he expression change as he spot something at a far end of the room . near the rear door . it 's a plainclothesmen , head purposefully toward koontz , confer with he -- both man look to mike , a sense of bewilderment in they eye . angle on mike : stop -- as koontz head quickly toward . koontz Brook 's patching a call through to you . he think he would find you here . it sound urgent . mike : baffle . koontz he say it 's you son . exchange a quick look with claire , mike head for the door ; she pause , head after . CUT to : outer lobby - same as mike barrel through door . koontz ( point ) the office down the hall . mike break into a run . CUT to : int . office - same as mike race in ; a plainclothesman hand he the phone . plainclothesman # 2 he 's cry . mike ( grab the phone ) Tommy ? what ...? ( frighten ) what ?! hello ? ( listen ; stunne ) who be this ? ( try to be calm ) yeah . I be listen . ( quick ) no. nobody but I . CUT to : int . mike' house - night - same moment close on the receiver of the phone : as joey venia' mouth speak into it -- the image of ellie and tommy see , dimly light , in the background , petrify ; guard by a second man ( sosa ) whose figure be shroud in darkness . venza I be glad you be where I expect you to be , detective keegan , ' cause you be get two minute to get home or I take you family out . CUT to : mike - same catch in a nightmare . mike ( desperate ) I hear you . I will do it . just do not touch they . ( a beat ) I ... ( a pause ) lemme talk to my son . ( suddenly ) hello ? it go dead . mike paralyzed with fear . claire be entering , plainclothesman # 1 close to she heel , mike' breath come in shudder as he stare helplessly at she -- then turn to the plainclothesman and koontz . mike ( stunne ) they get my family . ( to koontz ) I need you guy . plainclothesman # 1 who ... mike venza . other plainclothesmen be coming . mike at my house ...! koontz ( shouting to other ) call a cruiser ! claire ... Mike . mike ( to Claire ) it 's venza . he want you . you , for ellie and Tommy . koontz ( to Claire ) let 's go . ( to other ; urgent ) we be takin ' she home ! ( swinging into crisis mode ) move it ! get the car ! mike ( plead ) koontz ! I need you guy ! koontz we will call swat . we will get the local . ( be : another cop 's radio ) throw it ! mike ( plead ) no , I need be now ! claire ( to koontz ) go with he ! koontz my job be to protect you ! ( into radio ) this be koontz -- mike ( near hysteria ) no one - seventeen , they will fuck it up ! he tell I not to tell anybody , to bring Claire and come alone ! he will not wait , he know I be two minute away ! koontz , please ! koontz I can not do it , you know that ... he 's not gonna allow it anyway , Mike . no way be he gonna let anybody walk out of that house alive , who can finger he . mike whirl , heedlessly , run for the door , claire racing after he . plainclothesman # 1 ( call after she ) hey ...! claire Mike ! do not go there ...! then make they come with you ! mike they can not , they be assign to you ! I would do the same thing ! he race out the door : she in pursuit . koontz ( be : Claire ) go get she . plainclothesman # 1 hurry out . koontz ( reconsider ) fuck it , man . we brother need we . let 's go . CUT to : ext . milton gregory school - same moment - night mike bounding to he car , claire hot on he heel . she jump into the passenger seat , pound the door lock shut . mike ( into he car ) go! get outta here ! plainclothesman # 1 reach her , pull on the door . plainclothesman # 1 hey ! mike get out ! claire they be assign to I , they will have to go if I come with you ! mike hesitate . claire ( scream ) I be not get out ! go ! mike hit the accelerator -- peeling out , leave plainclothesman # 1 strand on the curb . koontz ( call to he , emerge ) Adams ...! c'mon , move it ! angle on cop : racing for there car -- screeching out . CUT to : ext . street of queen - same - night mike' car tear down the STREET -- pursued by two more squad car , one of they not know better , giving voice to he siren ! CUT to : int . mike' car - same - night mike be terrify eye glance into the rearview mirror . mike turn off the siren ...! luckily , they do . close on claire : wide -ey . in silence . mike ( breathless ) we get there , you get down , stay out of sight . do not get near that house . understand I ? venza 's not to know you be there ! she nods : terrify . CUT to : ext . mike' house - same - night as mike' car come to a screeching halt , mike running out as claire duck down . the house be completely darkened , blend in with the night ; the pursuit car converge as mike make it to the door , he hand trembling as he fumble with he keys ... take a deep breath ... and enter . CUT to : int . the house - same - night darken and pin-drop silent . they only thing that can be hear be the SOUND of car door slamm outside , as cop run into combat position . mike Tommy ? ellie ...? the SOUND of a muffled whimper come from the kitchen ; he head toward down a narrow hallway . he falter , almost stepping on a skateboard . mike ( call out ) I be not armed ! I be the only one in here ! I can help you get away if you listen to what I say ! he 's use to the SOUND of he voice to mask the slight " roll " of the skateboard under he foot : he 's slide it into the middle of the doorway . mike I be comin ' in the kitchen ! if you fuckin ' shoot I , they will come in here , and we be all dead ! you hear I , venza ?! no answer -- mike continue on , gird himself as he step into the kitchen doorway . he try the light - switch ; it do not work . and then a voice speak . its breath , like he , be labor ; the voice crackling with tension . venza you make a terrible mistake , keegan . you do not do what I say . mike ( he voice shaking ) that 's right , you be gonna do what I say . ( desperate ) joey . I want to help you out of this . venza you should 'a bring the girl . mike I bring the girl . she 's outside . he move to the window ; it 's right beside the table . venza tensing . venza hold it ...! mike I will prove it ! he lift the window , calling out : mike Claire ! claire ( v.o. ) Mike ...? CUT to : ext . the house - same moment - night claire , have shout from behind a cop car : koontz grab hold of she to keep she in place . koontz ( a hiss of warning ) not another word until I tell you . CUT to : int . kitchen - same moment - night venza ; wary . venza how do I know that 's she ? mike I will bring she in . you let they go , and I will bring she in . venza ( wary ) why should she come in ? mike she trust I . she will do what I say . venza bullshit ! prove it . mike ( call out the window ) koontz ! let she come in ! Claire ! it 's pitch dark in here ! ( he word be carefully choose ) you be gonna have trouble see anything , so just come in , and straight down a long hall . then stand at the door so we can see you . we want to see you face and we will not be able to until you get to the kitchen door ! CUT to : ext . the house - same moment koontz receive he " message " . quickly assess claire , he look to the cop around he -- then grit he teeth with decision . CUT to : int . the kitchen - same - night mike I want you guarantee they will be turn loose when she open the front door . venza I get my hostage first . no one 's turn loose until I say so . mike let my kid go . venza I be not lettin ' no one go . mike get that gun away from he head , or I will keep she from come in ! put the gun on I , he can not hurt you ! he 's tie up ! put he under the table ! venza do not you fuckin ' give order to I ... mike put he under the table or I will stop she from come in . mike turn to the window , about to shout . venza ( to Tommy , a order ) under the table . mike I will take he place , all right ? put the gun to my head . mike yank tommy under the table , take he place in the chair ; the cocked gun press up against mike' temple . angle on ellie : her widen eye continue to indicate " beneath the table " . close on tommy , on he knee , he hand tie behind he back ; emit a whimper of terror . ellie be careful , Tommy . he look up : spotting her gun , where she would hide it for safe - keep , tape securely , just over he head . the front door open -- with a slow creak -- the figure of claire , she dress silhouett by the moonlight from outside , see stand in the front hallway . mike ( frantic ) Claire ! it 's dark . watch you step . come slowly . angle on tommy : try desperately to get he hand , tie behind he back , within reach of the gun tape over he head . it 's impossible . close on mike : eye darting to ellie -- as the figure slowly approach down the darkened hall , he hand lowering beneath he knee , within reach of tommy , under the table . angle on tommy : in a near headstand , he small hand manage to touch the tape , he fingernails futilely attempt to dig beneath it -- as the footstep continue to approach down the darkened hall . angle on the figure : almost at the kitchen door -- about to step into the light . mike watch you step ! venza ( rise ) what the fuck you doin ' ?! tommy' hand be on the gun . mike there 's a skateboard in the door ! with a sudden SOUND of tape " ripping " from under the table . all hell break loose . tommy roll , thrusting the gun into mike' hand as the figure at the door kick the skateboard , send it zooming into the room . venza leap aside and fire , the figure at the door open FIRE in return . mike leap for ellie , knock she off she chair , roll fast as the entire kitchen erupt in gunfire . angle on ellie : throw herself over tommy , bullet " pinging " around mike as he roll , returning the FIRE . the pitch - black kitchen shudder with bang and flash like the fourth of July , mix with the " whine " of bullet hit pot and pan , and the sight of body hurtle through the dark . the " figure at the door " be fire with both hand , scoring a hit on venia' accomplice , who go down , wounded , he gun clatter to the floor . he reach for it , but ellie get there first , grab it with she two hand tie in front of she . ellie ( to Tommy ) stay down ! the accomplice be staggering upward as ellie get to she foot , squaring off in police stance -- and fire , catch he square between the shoulder blade ; he spin , crash backward through the glass door -- swish - pan to venza , try to get out the kitchen window ... mike turn around , fuck ! he doe , blasted by mike , and the " figure " in the door , simultaneously . he fall out the window , but still have life in he , staggering to he foot , and hit by spotlight from the car outside . in a sudden barrage , he 's hit by crossfire , spinning , lurching -- finally go down . and then all be quiet . inside the kitchen -- all sound and movement have suddenly cease ; everyone be a state of shock . ellie ( desperate ) Tommy ...! tommy I be all right . mike ellie ... ellie I be all right . the overhead light be snapped on by the " figure " in the doorway -- revealing it to be koontz . in claire' dress . gun in both hand , still smoking . koontz ( emphatic ) fuckin ' miracle , man . in the background distant siren be heard head toward . the swat squad . camera moving across the face of ellie , tommy , mike ... and koontz ; all hold in place . listen to they come . koontz ( be : the siren ) told you they would be here in a few minute . the grim humor of it be register in silence . mike pick up venia' hunting knife from the floor , cut through the rope that bind tommy' and ellie' hand ; she pull tommy to her , in a tearful embrace , shield he face from the ghastly sight of the man , lie dead , on the floor . other people be moving inward , claire among they , clad in a oversize police overcoat -- look frail and frighten , shuddering with relief when she see that all be safe . but there be no mistake the presence of something else in she eye . close on claire' face : gaze at mike , he family wrap in he protective embrace . he look up , meeting she eye . claire everyone 's all right ...? mike yeah . it 's all over . long angle on the room : dimly illuminate by the single light , shed from the open refrigerator door , as people begin to move -- awaken to life , and its necessary detail , in the aftermath of the crisis . CUT to : ext . the house - same the lawn virtually filled with police vehicle , they revolve red light illuminate the grim scene ; a small gather of onlooker gawk from behind police rope , ambulance pull slowly , silently , away . camera pan to two figure alone , beside a squad car , in the distant shadow . it 's claire , still clad in the police overcoat , and mike . they be together , but separate , maintain the proper distance to say goodbye . closer angle on they : not know quite what to say . mike so. claire so . angle on both : they eye lock into each other 's . mike you still go away ? claire I do not know ... mike you do not have to , now . claire I think it 's probably still a good idea . close on mike : get she message . mike yeah ... both be hurt . claire ( heartfelt ) I will miss you , Mike . mike listen , I will ... see you again . her eye be glisten ; she give he a brace smile . but he can not quiet manage it . claire ( barely able to speak ) say goodbye . he struggle with it ; unable . mike I like you coat . claire ( half - laugh , half - cry ) you have a weakness for Lady cop . mike I do . silence now ; they eye ador . claire say goodbye , Mike . mike ( thick voice ) you take care . mike turn -- camera moving with he as he walk slowly away -- find himself on a collision course with garber . they meet , spend a long moment in non-communicative greeting . mike ( finally ) what do you think ? ( a beat ) any chance ? there 's nothin ' else I be any good at , but this . garber ( noncommittal ) call I next week . we will talk about it . mike absorb it , look up to see ellie and tommy , beside a squad car , a distance away . gird himself , he head toward . angle on ellie and tommy -- as he approach , and stand beside they . not much to say . finally he reach out and tousle tommy be hair . mike good police work , kiddo . he catch ellie be eye , both assess each other . ellie ( be : Tommy ) he do not want to sleep here . ( a long beat ) neither do I . it 's not my house anymore . mike I neither . angle on all : find each other 's eye . mike let 's find some place to start over . mike put a arm around tommy -- and the camera begins a long pullback , as ellie move to he side , and the keegan family begin to move away . we see claire , be help into a squad car , turn to look back at they as it pull away -- car revving up and pulling out , in all direction . from a distance , we hear mike' voice . mike ( v.o. ) ( to ellie ) what this crap about sing lesson ? fade out . the end