the son of saul a screenplay by laszlo neme Clara royer I /e. grove / undressing room / passage - morning in a grove tree . a gentle warm light shine on the face of a 40 year - old look man , as he walk in what seem to be a grove . his name be saul auslander . he wear a white shirt_under he dark jacket , with a half -hidden number on it : b-7005 . _ on the back of he jacket , a red X be paint . he wear a flat civilian hat . he walk with determination , at a regular pace , he lip tight . the tree around give some shelter from the sun , bird sing amidst the branch . he stop for a while and glance around , at_some older people around take off they heavy winter coat , sit on the grass . the voice of child , call for water , can be hear . _a young boy stand on the side , carry a water can . sound of branch crack , of step on the ground . footstep of many more people . piece of word can be hear , in a continuous hum of different voice and language . behind saul , child play . someone come to he and talk to he , he mumble something , look away and move on . four other sonderkommando prisoner pass saul by . they all start instruct the civilian to get up and leave . the civilian be gather in row of 5 , and push to the road . Three soldier appear on the side , wait . order be shout and the group start advance on the slight slope of a dusty road . the sonderkommando prisoner accompany the civilian who carry suitcase , bundle , can and other object . some people carry infant . we only catch glimpsis of some of the face and clothes . this be weary , slightly disorientate face , most of they in dark - color heavy clothes . on saul 's right , a large group of people walk as well , quietly . saul look in the direction of the people beside he , as if to check . his pace slow down , other people catch up with he . some of they stare at he . saul do not engage with they . the group come to a halt . saul face they , but keep on walk quietly . further down some of the people have take off they heavy winter coat and sit on the grass . oot draft April 25 , 2014 + + tee tt saul advance in the midst of a crowd of agitate people , and briefly look to the side at kneel , cry figure . _ + the road turn to a open range where isolate people in gray and green clothes point in one direction , at the chaos of whirling human in heavy , dark clothes and carry suitcase or bundle . order be shout and repeat , first in german , follow by other language . in the background , civilian get off from wagon of a merchandise train . smoke rise from afar . heaps of personal belonging pile up next to the train . old and crooked people be put onto one truck . the truck depart and draw nearer . another truck be load with personal belonging . ++ ++ the rhythm of the advance accelerate , sonderkommando prisoner reacting to german order by push the people further . suddenly , saul and he comrade from the sonderkommando + suddenly stop . they take off they flat hat and lower they head . two ss officer pass they by . + + saul go on . + saul walk faster , advance in the large crowd . near the crowd , old people disembark from a military truck . + he pass a group of people undress . saul walk down a few step that lead to a large underground hall . in the underground hall ( undressing hall ) a feeble artificial light replace the sunlight that fade away . people from behind enter the hall . in a distance , the voice of a ss man catch the attention of the people around saul - a long , quietly uttere monologue in german . saul remain on the side of the underground , he watch the people . his face barely reflect any expression but tiredness . the voice stop talk . the people next to saul start do something . next to saul , a man put two finger on the high button of he messy shirt and hesitates . saul look at the man , who finally undoe he shirt . saul lean and pick up the man 's clothes on the ground . he gather more of the clothes lie on the ground and put they on the side . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 a man in a jacket with a paint red X over it be help a elderly woman to remove pin from a shawl . next to they , other people go on undress . nake woman pass he by and pudently hide in a corner . reassuring voice speak in different language can be hear , but only fragment make they way to he : '' hot meal '' and '' hurry up '' . man in the crowd ( 0.s. ) ( in hungarian ) you have to remember the number . saul go to a corner in the corridor and stand still . he be soon join by other men in white shirt . they do not talk . next to he , naked people walk further down . saul 's face be blank as we catch a glimpse at the huge crowd pass he by . voice rise , question , in various language , then fade away . the last naked people , agitate , be be push into the other hall by man in uniform . the sound of a heavy door close . the man in uniform leave . saul and the other man in white shirt collect the clothes hang on the rack and throw they on the ground . cries surround they . a bald man come near saul still take the clothes out of the rack . the bald man speak in a low voice to the man next to saul , a strong man in he thirty , landesman . the bald man look at saul . bald man ( in yiddish ) you too . saul leave with landesman . they enter a smaller corridor . the cry be louder . landesman open a door on the right . they go inside . there await several other men in white shirt , face turn to the ground . CUT to : int . krematorium - gas chamber / passage / tunnel - day a gas chamber with plaster wall . artificial light come down from a low ceiling . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + a low , long noise of a_hea industrial fan , before stop with reverberation . saul be hose the ground mechanically , slowly , direct the hose here and there , he face focus . in the background , human figure come and go rapidly . some draw nearer saul , and start pull backward , and then off screen , heavy load . two men around saul seem to struggle with something below . saul turn off the hose and lean toward the ground . he help the man . the man carry away they load . the figure around saul move increasingly fast , quietly , as if command by invisible fear and discipline . a low whimper can be hear from underneath . saul try to look for the source of the whimper . he freeze . a light -haire man come near he . he be 30 but look 50 , he name be hirsch . he wear the same clothes as saul . his deeply set eye look down with worry at the source of the whimper . Hirsch wave at someone off screen . another prisoner , who seem to have more authority , draw closer . he be a short but strong young man in he late twenty , and a foreman in the kommando . he be call feigenbaum . he look towards the source of the whimper and hurry away . saul watch as Hirsch lift up the bruise corpse of a adolescent boy with dark - brown hair . Hirsch carry it to one corner of the tunnel and put it onto a bench that another man have grab from the undress room . saul follow Hirsch with he eye . behind the scene , dozen of prisoner rapidly carry out they routine , regardless of the agonise boy . some be pour water . some other take heavy load to a freight -elevator . a well dressed man walk around , stop now and then , write down information , assist by a prisoner . a few ss guard , _ dress in green and gray , armed , watch over the scene . behind they , feigenbaum come back with a short man in a white gown , a jewish doctor call miklos . from closer , he gown look less maculate : it be full of stain and dirt . _ shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + he walk towards the bench , saul walk closer to they . on the bench lay a boy , around twelve year old . miklé look at + the boy with weary eye . + he hardly have the time to put a hand on the boy 's body that + from behind , a tall ss doctor arrive , a white medical gown over he ss uniform . miklo step aside . he talk quietly in + german with a hungarian accent . + miklos ( in german ) still breathes . the ss Doctor take a stethoscope out of he pocket and coldly examine the boy . he invite the jewish doctor to touch the boy 's throat . + the member of the sonderkommando work behind have somewhat slowed down they pace , some seem to glance furtively at the scene . the ss doctor put he glove hand on the boy 's mouth . miklo look up at the ss doctor . the hand move to recover the nose as well . the whimper stop . the ss doctor whisper in miklo 's ear . order be shout behind to accelerate the process . a ss guard be draw to the little group . + ss guard I + ( in german , to Hirsch ) back to work , fast ! he lift up he stick , but Hirsch already hurry back to the gas chamber . the guard then turn to saul , who get back to work . the ss doctor take off he glove and put it into he pocket . he look around , vaguely observe the member of the sonderkommando who accelerate they work . lose in he thought , as if he have already forget the incident , he go away . + saul look back at the scene , and draw towards the bench . + his eye be focus on the body . + miklo step back . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 miklos ( in german ) I only see this once before , that girl some time ago . he look at feigenbaum . feigenbaum stay quiet , wait for order . behind , saul be already very close . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in german_to feigenbaum ) he order a autopsy . bring it to the room , will you ? miklo leave . feigenbaum sigh and approach the bench . saul stand up in front of he and try to utter word in yiddish . saul ( in break yiddish ) I ‘l1l do it . saul turn he back on feigenbaum and seize the body . feigenbaum stand before he - he look at saul . feigenbaum ( in yiddish ) what 's it to you ? saul do not answer and go into the corridor with the body in he arm . CUT to : int . krematorium - tunnel / underground stair / ground corridor - day saul carry the body as if it be still alive , the boy 's face toward he chest . CUT to : int . krematorium - autopsy room - day saul enter the autopsy room of the krematorium carry the lifeless body and stop . the autopsy room be a room with a tiny window on the side and a door half open on another room , where figure seem to be move at time . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 in the middle of the room stand miklo , the jewish doctor . on a stain stone operate table , he examine the inside of a corpse laid out . a assistant , prisoner of the sonderkommando stand next to he , take note and assist he . barely glance up at saul , miklo signal to saul a bench on the side of the room . beside the bench , all sort of medical instrument can be see . saul seem to stiffen upon see this instrument . miklos ( in german ) just put it there . saul do not move . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) just put it there . now . saul look at the doctor . saul ( in hungarian , hesitate ) Doctor ... if you will ... miklo look at saul . miklos ( in hungarian ) you be hungarian ? I do not know . he keep dissect . the assistant come to saul and take the body from he , and bring the body to a bench . saul follow the body to the bench . the assistant keep look at saul , then return to the table . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) where be you from ? saul ( in hungarian ) from ungvar . a beat . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 saul ( cont ’d ) ( in hungarian , low ) Doctor , please do not cut this boy . miklo look up , put down the dissect tool . + miklos ( in hungarian , low , ironic ) what else could I do ? saul ( in hungarian , low ) keep it as it be , at least for a few hour . miklo look at he suspiciously . and at the boy . he come next to the bench . miklos ( in hungarian ) no . saul stand still , look at miklé . + miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , low ) he one of yours ? saul hesitates . he nod . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , low ) even then . you do not need it . he pause and look behind he at the figure in the other room . saul ( in hungarian , low ) but you people do . miklos ( in hungarian , low ) I be a prisoner like you . miklés_ look at saul . saul look back in a inexpressive way , + but do not look away . miklé bend forward and look at the + body . + shoot draft April 25 , 2014 miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , low ) I will give you five minute alone at dinner time . but in the end , it will burn with the rest . saul nod again , but does_ not move_away from the bench . he examine the boy 's face . miklos_throws a sheet onto the body . saul cover the body + with it . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) what 's you name ? saul auslander . a beat . saul ( cont 'd ) saul . the doctor barely pay attention to he . saul finally leave + the room . CUT to : int . krematorium - underground tunnel / gas chamber - day saul come back to the tunnel . the member of the sonderkommando be still busy , under the supervision of feigenbaum . two guard be stand on the side , talk . feigenbaum look up at saul . saul + in break yiddish ) + where ... from ? + feigenbaum + in yiddish ) + what ? + saul + in break yiddish ) + last ... transport ? hungary ? + feigenbaum + in yiddish ) + back to work ! + shoot draft April 25 , 2014 10 . saul _ go toward the doorway lead to the gas chamber . Inside , Hirsch and another prisoner of the sonderkommando be clean the floor . saul kneel down and scrub the floor . saul in break yiddish ) hungarian ? hirsch in yiddish ) who ? saul in break yiddish ) this transport ? hirsch in yiddish ) no. maybe . the prisoner next to they intervene . prisoner I in yiddish , low ) some other camp . feigenbaum lose he patience , he take a few step toward saul , make a threating move with he arm . the momentum of the move suddenly stop and feigenbaum stop . saul look up and see a serious face with commanding eye . this be abraham warszawski . feigenbaum turn away . abraham come to saul and kneel down . he scrub and look at saul . CUT to : int . krematorium - tunnel - day - later saul and abraham stand in front of the lift as it come down empty . they start pile body in it . they glance at each other + in the background man of the sonderkommando close the door of the tunnel that lead to the undress romm and the gas chamber . ting draft April 25 , 2014 + 11 . a tall and robust man , around 30 year old , the jewish oberkapo name eliezer biederman come down from the stair next to the lift to inspect the ongoing operation . he keep on tapping a decorate tin box with a roll cigarette . he wear a armband adorn with a blue star of David , on which the letter of the word oberkapo have be sewn in black . he nod at abraham , _and go toward the close door where other sonderkommando prisoner be wait . abraham follow biederman . saul follow he . _ abraham look at saul , surprised . saul ( in hungarian , whisper ) I 'il help you . abraham reach biederman before the door . they start whisper . on the other side of the door , hundred of footstep can be hear . all the man wait at the door , stare down . a_guard open the door . abraham go to the doorway . saul follow suit . abraham ( in hungarian , whisper ) forget the food . the shiny only . CUT to : int . krematorium - undressing room / passage / exit area -— day with lower head , saul and abraham enter the undress room . biederman stop in the doorway and talk to the guard . some man be already busy take the clothes from the rack . they throw everything to the centre of the hall . other prisoner sort out the personal object find in the pile of small - size bundle stack up on the floor . some of they be put the food they find in they pocket . saul and abraham take some clothes , inspect they then throw they onto the floor . saul leave abraham and go in a corner , where document be laid out on the floor . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + 12 . he kneel down . on the floor , papers , picture and identity papers be gather . pretend to sort that out , saul look through the picture . in the background a man of the sonderkommando get hit on the head . saul quickly thumb through all kind of portrait , family picture . yankl , a 19 - year- old prisoner , dress in a dark overcoat , _ stop by he . yankl take the pile away from saul_and_go out of the room , through the door ajar , to the exit area where a stove stand . _ saul gaze at yankl , approach a dark silhouette light by the fire of a stove . this be frankel , throw the papers into the fire . saul stare at frankel , motionless . a kapo , with a black armband with the word kapo sewn in white letter , come to_ saul . saul take a new pile of document , stand up , and leave the undress room_to the exit area . in the exit area the exit area be full of bundle of clothes . prisoner carry the bundle outside . he cross yankl 's path as yankl be go back to the undress room . _ yankl_ stop he yankl ( in hungarian ) give I this . yankl take the pile from saul . saul do not stop , and continue he way toward frankel . yankl follow he . yankl ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) see my pants ? under he coat , a red pair of wwi cavalry trousers can be see . yankl ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) they be older than I ! oot draft April 25 , 2014 tee tt 13 . he laugh , show saul he pants . yankl ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) four month I have be here , you listen to I ! saul do not answer . yankl ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) forever here , you and I , as if family . ( change tone ) go clean yourself , you stink . saul go to frankel near the stove . in he early forty , frankel hold a metal stick . he pick the papers on fire . photo , diploma , id papers disappear in the flame . he murmur something continuously . yankl follow saul . frankel ( in yiddish , to yankl , in a gentle voice ) calm down . cries of agony can be hear from the chamber . yankl_ stop talk and leave the room . saul ( in break yiddish ) rabbi . someone . I want ... bury . frankel stop , look at him_intensely . frankel ( in yiddish ) bury ? just say the prayer . saul ( in break yiddish , whisper ) I have the body . help I . abraham arrive in the exit area , discreetly look into bundle in the heap of clothes pile up next to the exit . a polish kapo walk toward the stove . he wear a black armband with the inscription kapo sew in white on it . ting draft April 25 , 2014 14 . frankel ( in yiddish ) get rid of it . do you know the prayer ? saul shake he head . frankel ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) I will say it . what 's he name ? saul keep silent . frankel ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) there 's nothing more to do . saul ( in break yiddish , angry ) it 's not enough . the Polish kapo spot abraham . polish kapo ( in german ) what be you do in my kommando ? saul look at the scene . the Polish kapo turn to saul . polish kapo ( cont ’d ) ( in german , to saul ) and you ? saul ( in german ) a work ... ss guard ii . ( in german ) a work ? do not you speak german , swine ? he look at saul , menace . a beat . saul glance at frankel . biederman come to they . biederman ( in german ) what ? shoot draft April 25 , 2014 polish kapo ( in german ) they do not belong here . biederman pull away the kapo , towards the exit . biederman ( in german ) I send they here to help . polish kapo ( in german ) I do not need they . this be my kommando . biederman ( in german ) I be the oberkapo . polish kapo ( in Polish ) you be a jewish rat . 15 . biederman hit the Polish kapo in the face . the Polish kapo fall on he back . biederman turn away and walk toward the door , follow by saul and abraham . CUT to : int . krematorium - tunnel - day the three man cross the tunnel . biederman look tense . abraham look at biederman , worried . abraham in yiddish ) he can feel it 's come for we . biederman ( in yiddish ) it be nothing . they go to a corner next to the lift . as other man come some rack where gas mask be hang , they proceed to darker corner . abraham discreetly hand a few piece of golden object biederman . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 near a to biederman ( cont ’d ) ( in yiddish ) not much . and he ? abraham look at saul . saul ( in hungarian , to abraham ) I have nothing . 16 . biederman look at abraham and leave . + feigenbaum appear behind they , wiping the sweat off he + face . feigenbaum ( in yiddish ) get I some paper ? abraham ( in yiddish ) no. feigenbaum ( in yiddish , slightly disappointed ) come on then . biederman nod . saul and abraham follow feigenbaum . CUT to : int . krematorium - tunnel / passage / narrow corridor - day saul be at the door of the gas chamber . he 's wait among other prisoner . mute cry of agony can still be hear . the member of the + sonderkommando_look exhaust and they sweat . a man be busy + clean he hand of dirt and oil , but to no avail . one man be talk to himself in a very low voice , as if + praying . + after a while , saul draw closer to abraham . saul ( in hungarian , low ) I need you help . abraham do not answer . the cry and shout behind the door decrease . saul stop , lower he head . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 17. saul ( cont ’d ) ( in hungarian , low ) i_need another rabbi . abraham look at he in a strange way . abraham ( in hungarian ) you ? a rabbi ? saul do not answer . saul sit down onto the ground , speechless . abraham ( cont 's D in hungarian , low ) the one at the stove , he 's not good ? the noise of the ventilation go on . abraham ( cont 'd ( in hungarian , low ) a rabbi will not save you from fear . saul look at abraham . behind abraham 's harsh look , saul see some kind of sympathy . abraham be already look at _an ss officer who walk out of the penumbra , all the way to the glass on the heavy door and look through it for long second . ss officer in german Business be finish . abraham grab saul 's hand and pull he up . in the background the guard be open the door . around they , member of the kommando be gather , encourage by the kapo . some man in gas mask pull out the first body and drag they into the corridor . abraham ( in hungarian , low ) you hear of the '' apikoyre '' ? saul shake he head . Hirsch start pay attention to they conversation . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 ++ ++ + 18. abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , low ) Greek . they say he use to be one . why do you need a rabbi ? saul ( in hungarian , low ) in which kommando ? abraham ( in hungarian , low ) outside . mietek 's kommando . the three man go inside the chamber . saul ( in hungarian , low ) mietek ? abraham ( in hungarian , low ) that Polish worm . ss guard 2 ( in german , shout ) fast ! + saul pull out a body and drag it to the lift . as he come back abraham and Hirsch be with he . saul ( in hungarian , low ) what do the Greek look like ? + abraham ( in hungarian ) I do not know . Hirsch intervene . hirsch ( in yiddish , low , with + gesture ) + I know he . he have two scar on each side of the face . + saul ( in hungarian , low ) he have a scar on both cheek ? abraham ( in hungarian , low ) that 's what he say . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 19 . saul and abraham pull out two other body . same route . saul '' apikoyre " ? abraham spot biederman _on they way back to the gas chamber . hirsch in yiddish ) marked by God . abraham ( in yiddish , low ) superstition . saul ( in hungarian , low ) I have talk to he . abraham ( in hungarian , low ) stop this . abraham go to biederman . saul , suddenly idle , look at the two man . a_dutch ss guard hit saul on he face with he stick . his nose start bleed . dutch ss guard ( in german ) move ! move the piece ! saul try to wipe off the blood . he grab a new load and carry it with someone else to the lift . instead of go back to the chamber , saul catch up with abraham and biederman as they head toward the narrow corridor toward the exit area . abraham ( in yiddish , low ) there 's a woman in kanada . she have the package for we . can you send someone for it ? biederman in yiddish ) in two day . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + + 20 . abraham in yiddish , low ) we do not have day . they already start make a list of we . biederman look at abraham , in a harsh way . biederman in yiddish ) who tell you that ? abraham in yiddish ) my guy . at the office . silence . biederman ( in yiddish , low ) first let 's take that picture . abraham stiffen . abraham ( in yiddish , low ) what picture , eli ? we have no time for this . it 's we turn . a beat . biederman ( in yiddish , low ) you think you can blow up this whole thing ? abraham ( in yiddish , low ) you picture will not bring an_army here to free we . a pause . biederman ( in yiddish , low ) get I a locksmith . saul ( in break yiddish , low ) I will do it . abraham ( in hungarian , low , surprised ) do what ? oot draft April 25 , 2014 t + tt ++ 21. saul ( in hungarian , low ) what he want . biederman ( in yiddish , low ) what 's he say ? saul in hungarian on a low voice to abraham tell he . abraham hesitates . abraham ( in hungarian , low ) you do not even know . saul in hungarian , low ) i_have to get outside . abraham in hungarian ) but he need a locksmith , not you . biederman ( in yiddish , low , to saul ) you speak yiddish ? abraham look at saul . abraham ( in yiddish , low ) barely . saul ( in hungarian , low ) tell he I be a watchmaker . I can be a locksmith . abraham translate reluctantly . biederman ( in yiddish , low , to saul ) come with I . abraham grab saul 's arm . abraham ( in hungarian , low ) if you go , you be on you own . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + + + ++ 10 11 12 22 . saul ignore abraham and follow biederman into the swarm tunnel . CUT to : I /e. krematorium - courtyard / krematorium gate / field - day saul follow biederman out in the courtyard into the blind sun . the air be fill with sound , noise , as if we be in a busy industrial zone . biederman in german , to the guard ) he 's with I . biederman wave at a young man in stripe trousers , who hurry to they carry a wooden case . his name be katz . follow by one guard , the three man cross the courtyard . in the grove nearby , a new group of civilian be wait to go under the ground . they stop in front of the gate , where two guard be stand . biederman_( cont ’d ( in german , to the guard ) they be with I . the three man follow the fence . smoke rise above the field . CUT to : omitted i/e. krematorium wing - door / field - day as they go outthe gate , they follow the wooden fence of the krematorium to another wing of the building , end with a door . they enter the door . they be in a dark narrow corridor . saul look out through the doorway to the grove near the field in front of they . a heavy , white - gray smoke rise in the air from the ground in the field . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + ++ 23. men from another sonderkommando run around . biederman take out of he pocket a golden bracelet_and_ two pass . biederman ( in yiddish , to saul ) if a kapo show up . saul put the bracelet in he shoe . saul ( in break yiddish ) mietek kommando ? biederman ( in yiddish , tense ) what ? katz ( in yiddish ) why do we need he ? biederman ( in yiddish ) he 'il be on the lookout . get closer to the door , saul watch the scene , it seem more and more obvious this man be burn corpse in a pit . _ a ss officer wear dirty clothes run up and down . a 20 year old fair- haire Polish oberkapo , mietek , a stick in he hand , come toward they . he wear a black triangle on he jacket . biederman ( cont ’d ) ( in yiddish ) wait here . biederman go out of the building and toward mietek . the two man seemingly do not appreciate each other , the situation be tense . saul ( in break yiddish , to katz ) who be it ? katz ( in yiddish ) shut up . in the distance , a sweat ss guard roam the scene . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 24 . ss guard ( in german , yell ) too much smoke ! prisoner drag corpse . the visibility decrease . the guard on the side be engulf , the man around become figure . in the smoke , the excited shout of mietek , the Polish kapo can be hear . he swear in Polish . katz ( in yiddish ) damn mietek . katz open the wooden case , turn to saul and hand he a screwdriver . katz ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) repair the door but look out . you understand ? you watch . he show where to use the screwdriver on the door and disappear inside . saul look around , and back at the door . he start to undo the large lock , but keep look at the field , as a sentinel . on the field , the smoke be lift by a sudden breeze and everything become clearer : the excited kapo , the prisoner of the sonderkommando burn body under the sun . in the shadow , katz be kneel on the floor , assemble a device he take from he case . it be a small homemade camera . saul withdraw and look back at the field . in the distance , biederman look in saul 's direction , soon engulf by smoke as it spread again . saul turn to the door and finish to undo the lock . saul ( in break yiddish , whisper ) you ... finish ? no answer . saul look back at the field . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 25 . further away , the kapo mietek stand still . he talk with a + german officer . on the other side of the field , a ss guard walk into the smoke . + Inside , katz orient the camera toward the field . he wait + for the smoke to clear . + saul look back at the field . biederman have disappear . + only smoke can be see . silence . all the voice have die out . + he rush inside the house . he snatch the camera from katz 's hand , who look at he , stunne . katz ( in yiddish ) what ...? saul ( in yiddish , whisper ) you ... come out . saul hide the camera in the gutter of the building . katz come out , he grab saul 's shirt . + saul push away katz from he . + smoke engulf saul . a voice behind he . ss officer ( in german ) do not move . the man behind he put a revolver to he neck . two german_ss guard rush inside + hepbuitd . + saul ( in german ) locksmith . locksmith . the smoke around start dissipate . voice can be hear from inside . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 26 . saul be searched by the ss officer , who also inspect he work on the door . saul be push onto the ground . he fall and do not move . katz be bring out and he case reverse , all the tool fall onto the ground . the first officer talk to katz threateningly . katz do not answer , shake he head . he glance at saul . saul be tell to get up . the ss officer come to he . he push katz against the door . ss officer ( in german ) you finish that ! saul move to the reverse case , gather the tool . katz , frighten , start work on the lock . ss officer in dirty clothes in german come she ! the ss Guards and officer go to he . saul can see as the member of the sonderkommando be gather near the smoking grounds . saul look at biederman , stand next to the ss officer_in dirty clothes . biederman glance at he , tense . a sudden roar of engine . two truck enter the scene , follow by a whole new kommando of prisoner . the oberkapo mietek start assemble he man . mietek ( in german , shout ) Assembly ! saul_leave katz behind and go to mietek 's group . he join the recently gather group of man . some prisoner wear stripe clothes , other regular shirt , other jacket mark with a large red X on the back . saul discreetly look at the man 's face around he . he talk to a_dark - face man beside he . saul ( in break yiddish ) Greek rabbi ? shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + 13 14 27 . the dark - face man do not seem to understand saul . watched by a ss guard , the man climb onto the back of a open truck . a heavy canvas cover the load of the truck , so the man have to stand on the edge of the platform . saul mechanically turn a bit he head upon hearing the note of a violin in the distance . other man do the same . the music cease as the engine of the truck be start . CUT to : ext . wood - truck - day the field be leave behind as the truck enter a quiet wood in the soft autumn light , under clear sky . the man be stand together , against each other . saul close he eye for a brief moment . a ss guard push he stick against saul 's rib . saul look back at the guard . a blue -ey young man look back at saul with a innocent gaze . saul look at the truck move behind they , full of prisoner . in the crowd stand a man , reddish scar below he ear . it 's the renegade . CUT to : ext . '' ash '' river and wood - day saul be throw ash into the river . behind he , many prisoner be unload enormous quantity of ash onto trolley that be take to the edge of the water . around he , man use shovel to disperse the ash into the water . underneath they , thick canvass be be put down , keep the ash from the ground . shovel plunge at regular pace and throw the ash into the air , rapidly create a thick and gray curtain of dust before reach the surface of the water in tiny whirlpools . the rapid flow of water take away the dust in second . a few cough here and there can be hear . saul glance around . he see the renegade , work relentlessly a little further along the river bank . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + 28. his foot in the water , saul manage to swap he position with another prisoner so he can be next to the renegade , who keep a low profile . with a harsh gaze and tight lip , the renegade throw the ash into the river . saul also keep working_with he foot in the water . he gaze + at the renegade . + saul ( in break yiddish , in a low and excited voice ) you ... '' apikoyre " '' ? the other go on , as if he have not hear . he double he effort . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in break yiddish , low ) I need you ... for a dead . he look for a reaction . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in break yiddish , low ) you understand ? + the last word have be cover by the sudden outburst of shouting by a ss guard . saul discreetly look back . armed ss guard watch over the operation , while on the side a few ss officer be gather in a group . mietek and a kapo supervise the work . behind , a prisoner of the kommando have spill some ash onto the ground . mietek + ( in german , yell ) + you be go to lick it ! he mietek lift up he wooden stick_and start hit the + prisoner . + the prisoner swiftly dig in the ground , mixing ash and earth , and throw it away into the river . saul ( in break yiddish , low ) Dead child . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 29 . the renegade shake he head in a constrain gesture . he + go on work . saul look at the renegade , who continue he work + mechanically , come and go in the shallow water of the river . saul suddenly take the shovel away from the man 's hand . saul ( cont 'd ) ( in break yiddish ) you be a rabbi . the renegade turn pale . _ he look at saul for the first time . + saul ( cont ’d ) ( in break yiddish ) mietek know you be a rabbi ? the renegade stand still , as if thunderstruck . + saul ( cont 'd + in break yiddish ) + baruch ata ... + saul throw the shovel in the water . the renegade , with blank face , advance in the water that quickly reach he shoulder . saul , at first shocked , finally let he own shovel fall onto the ground , and enter the water . he swim towards the drown man . behind , the ss guard start shouting . they shoot at the two + man in the river . one prisoner run to they to help . he be shot and falls_to + the water . + saul reach the renegade , he arm keep the man 's head above the water . but the renegade try to free himself , as + if to drow . + the two head disappear below the surface for a few second . saul 's head emerge again , as he carry the barely conscious renegade back to the bank . a tall ss officer appear _on the bank , he name be busch . + busch ( in german , shout ) cease fire ! cease fire ! shoot draft April 25 , 2014 30 . saul pull the renegade toward the shore . the man 's eye slowly return to life . saul _ grab the man to he body keep + he head up . + saul ( in break yiddish ) forgive I . + the renegade close he eye . + on the bank , two kapo already wait for saul and the renegade . saul be almost out of strength . the two man barely have the time to rise to they knee , they be lift and take by the ss guard to the officer . busch_ + look at the two drip man with curiosity . busch ( in german ) who can explain what happen ? you ? he point at the renegade . the renegade be completely in distress , and mutter something incomprehensible in Greek . renegate ( in Greek ) my shovel ... behind , the guard push the prisoner to resume work as + fast as possible , while two of they carry the fall prisoner onto the truck . somewhat amused , busch turn to saul . ss officer_v + ( in german ) this swine do not speak proper german , herr unterscharfihrer ! busch ( in german , ironic ) be there anyone who can translate + from what ... he look around . silence . saul ( in german ) hungarian ... I speak ... shoot draft April 25 , 2014 31 . busch ( in german ) hungarian ? busch look around . silence . + busch ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) gentlemen ? + one_interpreter kapo step up . _ he be translate throughout the scene . + interpreter _kapo ( in hungarian ) what happen ? saul ( in hungarian ) the shovel fall to the water , he try to get it back . busch have saul 's cap take out of the water and put it , + drip , on saul 's head . + busch ( in german ) be the shovel safe now ? + saul ( in german ) yes , herr untersharfiihrer ! busch ( in german ) ah , he speak the language now ! he laugh , other follow suit . from behind , saul be push onto the ground , and a boot keep he head on the wet ground for second and second . busch ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) what a graceful language . the other stay here with I . saul , still soak , be lift up by ss guard and take back to the truck_while the renegade be still keep on he knee . + at the truck + a gunshot can be hear in the background where the officer be stand . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 32 . as saul grab a cart , mietek go to he . mietek ( in german ) who the fuck be you , scum ? saul do not answer , disorient . + mietek grab saul 's arm and push he toward the officer . saul ( in german ) in my shoe ... mietek bring saul _ behind the truck . saul quickly kneel down . + and take out the golden bracelet from he shoe . mietek take the bracelet . mietek ( in german ) where be you from ? saul ( in german ) biederman 's kommando . mietek ( in german , smile ) I 'il come and visit . mietek take saul back to the other prisoner , cursing_in + blithe . + in the background prisoner be sweeping the bank . + CUT to : omitted ext . '' y '' road in wood / check point - late afternoon the sun be low in the afternoon sky + _ on the dusty forest road_ + the member of the sonderkommando march , weary . saul march alongside he comrade behind the truck . ss + guard travel on the truck . + mietek , the oberkapo walk next to the group . the prisoner of the sonderkommando , all exhaust , march on the dusty road towards the external checkpoint . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 33. not far from the advance sonderkommando , another group of prisoner march on a adjoin road finally join the main road . it be compose of badly feed , batter ordinary camp prisoner , dress in rag , come back from road work , barely alive , carry heavy tool and cover in dust . saul 's group stop in front of the checkpoint . not far from they , on the other side of the road the batter group also stop . from the other side of the checkpoint a civilian mercede approach . in order to give way to the vehicle , the batter group be split into two group . many batter prisoner suddenly mix with the sonderkommando . mietek start argue with the group 's kapo , a bald man wear glass . saul look at this weak , thin man . they look at the sonderkommando with envy . the kapo and the guard frantically start shouting . mietek ( in german ) Separate the sonderkommando !! the barrier lift . the mercede pass they by . the ordinary prisoner be push against saul . one of they search in he pocket and find a_piece of apple . he take a bite right away . saul stand still . thin prisoner ( in yiddish , whisper ) medication ? sonderkommando prisoner_iil ( defiant , in yiddish ) we be die too . the guard try to separate the group . saul keep look at the man who take he apple . the guard finally succeed in separate the two group . they keep hit violently the ordinary prisoner . _ as he group depart , it be hard for saul to see who be safe and who be beat to death . ting draft April 25 , 2014 + ++ ++ ++ ++ 34 . in the distance , smoke rise among the tree . CUT to : ext . krematorium - road from the forest / krematorium gate / courtyard - dusk saul proceed on the road among mietek 's kommando behind the truck . they be march toward the crematorium . biederman be stand in front of the krematorium gate . he spot saul . biederman ( in german , to the guard ) this one be my krema . i’1l take he . biederman and saul go inside the courtyard of the krematorium . the appel be about to start . mietek 's group proceed on the dusty road . biederman leave saul as he approach the member of he sonderkommando gather in the courtyard . in_ the courtyard saul spot abraham and go next to he . abraham , look tired , _look at saul in a inquire way . abraham in hungarian ) what happen ? abraham look at saul . the call begin . abraham ( cont 'd in hungarian , stunne you find the Greek ? saul shake he head . number be shout , the prisoner answer . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 18 19 35 . abraham , look up at saul in a harsh way . CUT to : int . krematorium - underground stair / ground floor corridor / back of the oven / medical storage room - night the prisoner walk up the stair in the krematorium . abraham walk next to saul . phe omen — p eed furthe + he — '' : aft . in the doorway lead to the entrance of the oven , saul suddenly turn back . abraham ( in hungarian ) where be you go ? saul ( in hungarian ) something to do . abraham in hungarian ) I be go with you . saul in hungarian ) no need . I will be right back . the prisoner of the sonderkommando advance between the two man . abraham gaze at saul , but quickly disappear in the doorway . saul hurry to the autopsy room . he keep a low profile while he pass the night shift kommando , relentlessly work . CUT to : int . krematorium - autopsy room / medical storage room - night he stop in front of a close door , knock on it . no answer . he wait there for a few second , before turn the knob . the door be lock . he turn , toward another door behind he . he slightly push the knob , peeping through the little open thus create . in the storage room ting draft April 25 , 2014 36 . the narrow room inside be empty . on the wall , shelf can be see . he look around , enter the room and close the door behind . the room have another door . saul open it . saul enter the autopsy room . he look through the bench on the side and the operate table , all empty . saul 's face become extremely tense . german voice can he hear , filter by the main door . the light be turn on from outside . when the door be suddenly open , saul be petrify , in the middle of the room . the chief doctor rush in . his eye be cold_and wear a immaculate white gown . he be accompany by several other doctor , include the ss doctor and several ss officer . a few batter - face jewish doctor can be see in the background . among they , miklo . saul seem incapable of move , and the chief ss doctor now face he . saul look down . he take off he hat . chief ss doctor ( in german ) what be the purpose of you business ? saul stretch out he hand , toward a broom that stand in a corner . he step back and show in awkward pantomime - like gesture that he be sweeping the floor . saul ( in german ) sweep . the chief doctor raise he eyebrow . the ss officer burst out laugh . one of they , a aide -de - camp , start imitate saul . he seem drunk . aide do camp oy - oy - oy ! the aide de camp lift up a leg , and now the other . he invite saul to follow suit . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 20 37 . ss officer 3 ( in german ) a real shtetl dance , like in the good old day ! + saul start imitate the ss , to whom the jewish dance seem more familiar than to saul . the audience be well entertained . the officer and the ss doctor laugh . the jewish doctor look away . the Chief doctor , less amused , snap he finger . chief ss doctor ( in german , calmly ) out !! saul , try to show no emotion , go back to the corridor , close the door behind he . CUT to : int . krematorium - ground corridor / underground stair / underground storage area / tunnel / lift / oven - night saul go to the stair down to the tunnel . on he way he pass a night kapo and a night foreman . + saul ( in break german ) + the piece . autopsy room . where ? + night kapo + ( in german ) you be day shift . get lose . saul ( in hungarian ) the doctor promise I ... night foreman + ( in german ) what ? saul do not answer and leave the two man . — he run down the stair to the underground level , look under_ + the stair . upon find nothing , he hurry into a storage area in front of the stair and increasingly ecstatic , look among the tool and clothes of the sonderkommando , but to no avail . — in the tunnel , he comrade be load body into the lift . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 21 38 . he arrive in front of the lift . like a lunatic , he look through the corpse . a fellow prisoner , a powerful man work beside he grab saul 's shirt and push he back . large prisoner ( in yiddish , menace ) you want to go up with they ? the platform of the lift move upward . + saul jump onto the platform . he keep look amid the corpse . in the oven area + the platform rise onto the next floor . in the background , many prisoner of the sonderkommando , some not even wear shirt , work around large metallic opening behind which large flame can be see . _ body be burn . + the prisoner be carry corpse from the platform to the + oven . + saul exit the platform , he pass by the oven . + saul stop . he stare , as if hypnotize , at something off + screen . he be watch the body off screen vanish in the + fire . + CUT to : int . krematorium - prisoner 's hall under the roof - night two dozen member of the sonderkommando be gather in this room under the roof of the krematorium . a feeble electric bulb light the scene . a constant rumble can be hear . the man be mostly in shirtsleeve , sit at a table in the middle of the room , eat they dinner . some stand by the wall , drink from bottle . the man look drunk . two or three lie on the floor , previously engage in a discussion , but now they head be against the wall , almost sleep from exhaustion . the bread be about to fall from the hand of one of the man . & prisoner_who stand next to the sit saul empty he + pocket and place some fruit and a flask on the table . prisoner_i + ( in yiddish , excited ) wine from bohemia ! shoot draft April 25 , 2014 39 . saul , sit , face with a tense expression a untouched plate full of smoking cabbage . next to he , frankel be talking_to himself over two piece of bread . + saul look at frankel with a strange look . frankel barukh ata adonai , elohenu , melekh ha olam ... yankl embrace frankel from behind and swing back and forth with he . frankel try to get rid of the young man . yankl ( in yiddish , into frankel 's ear ) the angel of death hear you blessing , rabbi ! + frankel remove the arm of yankl with a strong movement from + he back . + saul look back at the bread , take a piece but throw it to + the table . + behind , Hirsch be take something from two of the man sit against the wall . he come next to saul . hirsch ( in yiddish , to saul ) you , give I you shiny . saul do not react . Hirsch hit saul on the shoulder . saul ( in break yiddish , subdued ) nothing . + hirsch ( in yiddish ) you must have something . in you mattress . or in you sock ... saul remain silent . Hirsch wave at someone off screen . abraham come to they . he look at saul and realize something be wrong . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 40 . abraham ( worried ) saul ? silence . abraham nod at Hirsch . abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) just count it . Hirsch sit down and lay out the valuable and start organize they . biederman enter the room and come to they . abraham be still stand , lean toward saul . abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , to saul ) what do you do down there ? biederman glance at saul and sit on the table . biederman ( in yiddish , to abraham ) sit down . abraham stay still . biederman ( cont ’d ) ( in yiddish ) sit. I say . abraham stay still . biederman point at the valuable . biederman ( cont ’d ) ( in yiddish , to abraham ) I take this with I . abraham take the valuable from the table . abraham ( in yiddish ) we need this . we can not wait more . we have to get the package from ella . he turn to Hirsch . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + 41. abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish , to Hirsch ) this enough for the guard ? + Hirsch nod . _ biederman remain silent , worried again . he go + out . + the prisoner around slowly cease they conversation and + many go to sleep . + saul look up . his suddenly illuminate gaze follow the man who just enter the room . miklo , the jewish doctor , glance around with weary eye . abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) what do this butcher want ? saul swiftly stand up and go to miklo . hardly control himself , he grab the doctor 's gown . saul ( in hungarian ) where 's the boy ? miklos ( in hungarian ) hold on , hold on ... he try to undo saul 's finger , but to no avail . + saul drag miklo to a quiet corner in the room . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) you boy 's safe . + saul slowly let go of he . miklo look deep into he eye . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) I have to hide it from the doctor . saul hesitates . saul ( in hungarian ) can not you exchange he for someone else ? miklo stiffen . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 21b 22 42 . miklos ( in hungarian ) no , I have to autopsy it , document it ... come with I . miklo and saul leave the room . int . krematorium - attic stair / back of the oven / ground floor corridor / underground stair - night back of the oven they go down the stair , past the back of the oven , which be be feed . miklo wipe he face . miklos ( in hungarian ) what a heat ... how can you get use to this ? he look at saul , try to remember . miklos ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) what 's you name ? saul auslander . saul . miklos ( in hungarian ) it 's in the autopsy room . I will be right back . miklo leave he at the top the stair and go down to the tunnel . saul walk to the autopsy room . CUT to : int . krematorium - autopsy room - night saul silently enter the autopsy room . he move to the side , where on the bench he find the corpse of the boy . he unwrap the sheet . he sit down next to the boy and look at the boy 's face , lose in he thought for long second . he move he hand across the hair of the boy , leave he hand on it . they be alone in the room . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + 23 24 43 . at time , the sound of the building can be hear . saul wrap the sheet around the body . he take he jacket off , lift up the body , take it onto he shoulder and cover it with he jacket . saul leave the room . CUT to : omitted int . krematorium - back of the oven / attic stair / attic - saul 's corner - night carry the wrap corpse , saul come across the night shift worker busy around the oven . he walk up the stair into the attic . in the attic he hurry to the part of the hall where the prisoner sleep in section separate by canvase and piece of cloth . he come across a figure in the dark , sit on the floor , he back to a curtain . the figure be write on a empty bag of cement . as saul get closer , the figure quickly stop . it 's feigenbaum . saul try to pass round he . feigenbaum get up . feigenbaum ( in yiddish ) what be you carry ? saul do not answer . feigenbaum lift the cloth cover the body . saul push he away . feigenbaum ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish , nervously ) bring it back ! you can not do that ! saul readjust he load on he shoulder . feigenbaum ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) you play with we life . saul ( in break yiddish , excited ) ( more ) shoot draft April 25 , 2014 44 , saul ( cont 'd ) + you writings kz . feigenbaum stay still . saul go behind the curtain . in saul 's corner + saul enter new section until he reach a corner with a bed - camp and piece of cloth . saul lay the body of the boy on a bed -camp . some light come in from the common area through the canvas and low - tone conversation can be hear . saul sit down on the ground . suddenly , abraham appear behind the curtain . abraham ( in hungarian , low ) saul ! saul jump up and exit the corner through the curtain . in the common room + abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) we be get more weapon tonight . we should be ready by the morning . saul ( in hungarian ) the morning ? abraham look at he . abraham ( in hungarian ) it 's my plan . saul ( in hungarian ) I have to find a rabbi . abraham stop . + abraham + in hungarian ) + I will get you a rabbi after . + saul do not seem to believe he . + shoot draft April 25 , 2014 25 26 45 . abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) I ’1l_ need you saul . saul ( in hungarian ) you do not even care much before . abraham ( in hungarian , smile ) I still do not . saul look up at abraham , tired . saul ( in hungarian ) have to eat . saul go toward the common table . omitted int . krematorium - prisoner 's hall under the roof - night saul eat at the table . the man around he either do not pay attention or look at he , speechless . saul look on , tired . abraham stand by he side . Men be talk next to they in yiddish . + the rumble increase around they , so that the conversation become less and less audible . hirsch ( in yiddish , in awe ) + not just she body . the way she look at I . + hirsch ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) ... I have to talk to she . she be breathtaking . yankl ( in yiddish , cynical ) so she see it come ! _ tell I !! + Hirsch sit down . + saul rub he temple . he stop eat . + shoot draft April 25 , 2014 46 . saul ( in hungarian ) I wish I understand nothing . abraham ( in hungarian ) you use to talk about woman all the time ! saul ( in hungarian ) I do not remember . abraham look up , and see biederman come in , tapping a cigarette on he tin box . he be follow by a tall and strongly build man with a harsh look . he be a Russian prisoner in he forty , he name be vassili . they talk to katz . the three man stop in front of saul . biederman give the cigarette to vassili , who light it as he study saul . vassili ( in Russian , to saul ) be you good with weapon ? saul look at he , worried . abraham intervene . abraham ( in Russian , to vassili ) no . vassili keep on stare at saul . vassili ( in Russian , to saul ) I will teach you . abraham ( in yiddish , angry , to biederman ) he 's no fighter ! biederman ( in yiddish , to abraham ) he save the day . no need to be he mother . katz nod . outside dog bark . truck approach can be heard_from outside . the man look up . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 27 28 47 . abraham ( in yiddish , to biederman ) be new transport plan tonight ? biederman ( in yiddish , surprised ) they do not tell I . the man go closer to the window . saul stand up and go toward the window . some man be already gather near one of the window , gaze out into the night , as if spellbound . the man look anxious and be increasingly agitate . ss officer ( 0.s. ) ( in german , shout ) kapo ! all kapo ! saul move away from the window and go back toward he corner when biederman grab he by he arm . biederman ( in yiddish ) you come with I . the two man hurry to the stair . omitted i/e. krematorium - underground tunnel / courtyard - night saul and biederman rush to the underground exit area . biederman ( in yiddish ) you be with I now . two other kapo follow by two foremen come along with they . they go to the courtyard of the krematorium . a group of ss officer , lead by voss , be already in the middle of the courtyard . behind the fence civilian be endlessly walk into the krematorium . voss be yell with another officer before move to the kapo . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 29 48 . voss ( in german ) you all go and get the day shift men_too . get they to work . all of you ! the kapo glance at each other . kapo ( in german ) yes , Sir oberscharfiihrer ! they run away . voss ( in german , to biederman ) Count how many to treat still . he stay . he designate saul . biederman run away , toward the krematorium . voss shake he head while write thing down on a paper he hold in he hand . he mutter something to the officer stand next to he , before leave for the krematorium . saul stand there , clueless . voss designate saul and another prisoner . voss ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) you come with I . they walk behind voss , as he enter the krematorium_side door lead to the office . CUT to : int . krematorium - officer 's room - night voss , saul and the other prisoner enter the room . voss sit down at he desk . he be focus on some kind of mental operation . he designate a large table where a chaos of bottle of alcohol , burnt out cigar and cigarettes , fall glass , half - eat plate of food , and a break violin can be see . voss ( in german ) clean up ! saul and he fellow prisoner clean the table methodically . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + + voss keep look at he watch and at a letter in he . biederman and two other kapo burst into the room . voss ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) how many still to treat ? biederman ( in german ) 1000 , herr oberscharfiihrer ! voss ( in german ) 1000 ? you swine . there 'il be three time more tonight . he pause . biederman look at saul , still clean incredible mess in the room . 49 . front of the voss look at he watch repeatedly , keep talk to the kapo . voss ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) it have to be over with by dawn . every round : two man , a woman , and a child . pull out the ash after two round . ventilate every 12 minute . you be in charge . understood ? biederman ( in german ) yes , herr oberscharfiihrer ! still clean , saul uncover a revolver on the table . he look at it , mesmerize , hesitates . voss ( in german ) when you finish , you useless vermin , wash and disinfect it all . there 's 1ll be a new treatment . voss stand up , go to the table and take the revolver . biederman be about to leave . voss ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) last thing : get I a list of 70 man by tomorrow noon . ( more ) shoot draft April 2 5 , 2014 30 50 . voss ( cont 'd ) Men you can spare . we need they elsewhere . dismiss ! biederman stop , spellbound . voss ( cont 'd ) ( shout in german ) dismiss ! saul look on as they run out . voss light up a cigarette , lay back and look up at the smoke rise from he cigarette . he look at saul . voss ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) you go and get I schlojme from the coal room . saul , he hand full of dish , stop and look at voss. voss ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) leave it here ! saul put everything down and run out . CUT to : int . krematorium - back of the oven - night saul enter the area behind the oven where a dozen prisoner be continuously feed a metal open with coal . the flame be intense . many prisoner be paint black by the soot and they all sweat . saul see a man organize and supervise the work . he be in he late thirty . his face be draw , reddene by alcohol . he be a kapo : schlojme . saul go to he . saul ( in yiddish ) herr oberscharfiihrer ... call you . schlojme shake he head and leave . a red-haire foreman come in the room . as saul be try to get out , the kapo grab he . he toss he to the ground and throw he a shovel . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 31 51 . red-haired foreman ( in german ) work ! saul get up . completely lose , he look at the entrance and at the foreman . he imitate what the other do : carry the coal all the way to the fire , in a constant inhuman pace . he go to the fire and back . and back to the fire again . Men work silently around he . the foreman , in the background , beat a man who do not seem to work hard enough . red-haired foreman ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) faster ! now the foreman order they to move a enormous trolley full of coal . saul have to join the group , push the trolley , but to no avail . the foreman become berserk and hit the man , include saul , with he stick . a man fall down , in pain . the trolley do not move . red -haired foreman ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) you move the trolley or you all burn ! exhausted , saul look at the entrance . biederman appear , and come closer . biederman ( in german , to the foreman ) I take this one . he grab saul . red-haired foreman ( in german ) useless shit . saul follow biederman outside . CUT to : ext . krematorium - courtyard / fence and krematorium gate - night in the courtyard , figure move behind the fence . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 52 . the continuous hum of the krematorium cover almost entirely the shout order of the quard . Men from saul 's kommando be pile clothes on cart . biederman and saul find abraham , Hirsch and vassili . biederman ( in yiddish , to abraham ) you be right . _ we be next . he want 70 man by tomorrow . abraham translate in a low voice in Russian to vassili . vassili say a few word in Russian to abraham . abraham ( in yiddish ) who be go to get the package then ? biederman ( in yiddish ) I be . abraham ( in yiddish ) I ' 1l come with you . ella know I . biederman ( in yiddish ) no , you need to stay here . abraham ( in yiddish ) take saul with you , then , she know he . saul ( in yiddish ) I do not know she . abraham become angry . abraham ( in hungarian ) sure you do . saul ( in hungarian , to abraham ) I be not go . abraham ( in hungarian ) you do as I say . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 53. the german officer be shouting order . confusion grow . dog be bark . saul try to leave and go back to the krematorium . abraham and landesman block he way . abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , to saul ) he go with you . biederman ( in yiddish ) what 's wrong ? abraham ( in yiddish ) nothing . both will go with you . in the courtyard stand the ss Commander voss talk with several officer . biederman discreetly wave off screen and a group of 15 man , lead by lemke , a jewish kapo , push toward the gate huge cart full of personal belongings_ - clothes , suitcase , shoe , bundle , kitchen tool . voss ( in german ) what 's this , oberkapo ? we need all the man here ! biederman ( in german ) herr oberscharfiihrer , the man can not work because of the belonging pile up ! I be take some man with I to the warehouse ! voss ( in german ) oberkapo , you stay here . this can go . lemke instruct he man to start push the cart . two ss guard follow they . CUT to : shoot draft April 25 , 2014 54 . ext . camp alley / warehouse '' kanada '' - night saul push a cart with the prisoner , among they landesman and Hirsch , in a alleyway of barrack as they draw near a warehouse at the entrance of which a armed ss guard stand . + landesman keep a constant eye on saul 's move . + the man throw the clothes and other belonging on the ground . landesman stay close to saul as they proceed with one of the cart . Hirsch go to the ss guard and discuss briefly with he , then hand he something . the guard take Hirsch and saul _to the side entrance . a + female kapo name mandel step out of the building . she talk + to the guard and let saul in . + CUT to : int . warehouse '' kanada '' — night saul enter the warehouse as four female jewish prisoner pass they by to go outside and get the new item back inside . in the background , other female jewish prisoner with white kerchief on they head work , put sort out item onto large shelf . they use ladder to reach the shelf . female kapo oversee the operation . cries of agony can be hear from afar . Mandel look at saul . + mandel + ( in german ) the name of the girl ? saul ella , fry . Mandel go toward the shelf . in the background , a old ss guard put a cylinder onto a portable cylinder player . Music fill the warehouse - a female voice can be hear sing a romantic tune . Mandel come back to saul . she be follow by a young woman with a beautiful face and brown hair . it be ella . the two woman stop in front of saul . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 55 . female kapo ( in german ) no touch . under the supervision of Mandel , ella look at saul with a happy spark in she eye . saul avoid ella 's eye . instead , he look around she and see a red-haire female prisoner , estera and another female prisoner pass by they . ella 's face turn grave . estera_ climb on the ladder and_suddenly fall on the + shelf , and take with she in a chain reaction several shelf full of household object that fall onto the ground in a loud crash sound . a sudden upheaval take place . Young woman rush to the scene from all around , some help up estera . + Mandel , cursing , hurry back to the shelf and start hit the red-haire girl . still look at he , but with a rapid gesture , ella take out a small package of she blouse and give it to he . he fix it under he shirt with a belt . she try to take he hand , but he push she away . ella + saul . + estera be still in the background , isolate by Mandel , who + force she to use she hand to clean the break glass and china . in the background , a female ss guard stop the music . + from outside , bark and voice can be hear . saul leave ella and go outside . at the door , the ss guard look at he , slightly surprised . ss guard 6 ( in german ) that be quick ! the four woman go back inside the warehouse with they load in they arm . saul go out with the quard . + CUT to : shoot draft April 25 , 2014 34 35 56 . ext . camp alley / krematorium gate - night the prisoner push the empty carts_on the road . saul be + shadow by landesman . landesman ( in hungarian ) do you get it ? + saul + ( in hungarian , irritate ) yes . + closer to the gate of the krematorium courtyard , they cross path with a large group of civilian lead by shlojme 's kommando head for the forest . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in hungarian ) where be they go ? landesman ( in hungarian ) to the pit . the oven must be + full . saul move rapidly to the other group and with lower head join it . landesman , surprised , follow he . + CUT to : ext . road in wood to trench / trench - night saul march on a road in the dark within the group of civilian . the man walk next to he keep look at saul . landesman try to hold he back , but saul advance and disappear in the crowd . + ++ a few ss soldier with hand torch accompany they . they go deeper into the wood . some projector cast a harsh light on the path border by wood . some prisoner of several sonderkommandos circulate along the path . ss guard with dog stand around , carefully watch . saul walk beside civilian next a frail prisoner with glass . saul ( in break yiddish ) you can ?... see ? a rabbi here ? the man_with glass look at he , but do not answer . + shoot draft April 25 , 2014 57 . saul stop and let he comrade go past he and disappear behind the crowd . New civilian keep come . other prisoner from the sonderkommando circle they . Men , woman , child start undress . a low rumble of terrorize voice fill the air . a young woman , who have be stand close to saul , try to talk to he . she look at saul , wait for some kind of answer . she try to catch he arm . saul push she back , and she stumble . a foreman pull she up brutally . saul see the young woman as she pull up she dress , glance around in a shy way . in the background a kapo organize he man . he look away and see a middle - age man with a big beard , a rabbi , in the crowd . he be take off he white shirt . saul touch he arm . the rabbi and the few women around he look at saul in a strange way . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in a mixture of hungarian and yiddish , whisper ) you a rabbi ? come . the rabbi do not seem to understand . a middle - age woman come closer to saul , show the rabbi . rabbi 's wife rebbe , rebbe . behind saul , another man with a slight beard , have stop undress and watch the scene . it be braun , a tall man in he forty . saul turn he back on he . the strident sound of whistle can be hear , not far from they . some order be shout . braun catch saul 's sleeve and try to tell he something . but saul escape from he and go to two member of the sonderkommando who be busy collect personal belonging on the ground . saul pick up a jacket . all at once , the man of the sonderkommando start push the crowd further into the wood . the civilian depart reluctantly , and saul follow suit , try to get closer to the rabbi , who be bare - chest . landesman appear for a instant somewhere in the crowd . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 58 . saul now walk next to the rabbi , and touch he shoulder . he show he the jacket he hold . he give it to he . a kapo appear and go to saul . kapo in the wood ( in german ) you be not talk to anybody , be you ? saul shake he head . landesman see saul and try to get closer . the whole group follow the path among the tree . a light be reflect on the face . smoke rise up in the air . people who still have some fabric or clothing in they hand cover they face . the loud sound of a gigantic fire burn and branch crack overwhelm the cry and the shouting of the people . whistles can be hear throughout the scene . saul concentrate on the rabbi . in the background , a enormous trench with fire burn in it_appear . ss officer come and go near the edge of the trench , they seem to hold small weapon . saul take the rabbi by he arm , and bring he to schlojme , who stand on the side . shlojme be discreetly drink from a bottle . schlojme ( in yiddish ) you here ? saul ( in break yiddish ) strong man for sonderkommando . schlojme shrug he shoulder . schlojme ( in yiddish ) you want to be replace already ? in the background , near the trench , it be now obvious that some people be bring to the officer . gunshot be hear . busch come and go along the trench , with a excited look on he face , and hasten the man of the sonderkommandos . the young woman disappear near the fire . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 59 . busch + ( in german , to the man of the sonderkommando ) Jews , that 's how you do it ! moan all around . on the face of the prisoner of the sonderkommando , the horror . saul take schlojme 's arm and push the rabbi along , he head toward a ss officer . the officer turn to schlojme . officer 4 ( in german ) what ? saul ( in break yiddish , to schlojme ) tell . strong man , for + sonderkommando ... + schlojme ( in yiddish ) you lose you mind ? officer 4 ( in german ) what ? the ss see something behind , and take the rabbi 's arm , push saul to the side , who fall . schlojme glance at he and hurry away . saul see a forest of naked leg around he . some people wear trousers , they run . some yell . saul , still on the ground , see as the rabbi be take by the officer to the trench and shot . saul see landesman , take by busch , furious . landesman try + to explain something . busch shot landesman , he fall to the + ground . + saul slowly try to get up , but hear something from behind . braun rabbi . rabbi . saul_undoe he sonderkommando jacket and shirt , and give they to the man who peer out of the darkness . + saul , half naked , look for the right clothes in the chaos . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 60 . suddenly , a ss guard grab he arm and push he into the line of civilian align in front of the burn trench . saul ( in german ) sonderkommando . sonderkommando ! the guard do not even listen . saul look around , helpless , as people disappear in front of he into the trench . at the end of the line a ss officer with a revolver be stand next to mietek , who 's act hectically . saul look around at the face of people wait for they death . when it be he turn , the ss officer raise he weapon . saul look at mietek , who look at he , disgust . mietek ( in german ) you be from a kommando , you vermin ! saul ( in german ) b-7005 , sonderkommando ! mietek take saul out of the line . mietek ( in german ) this time you have better have two bracelet . saul look inside the shoe lie on the ground . mietek furiously hit he with he stick . mietek ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) hurry ! a voice shout mietek 's name . mietek freeze and run off . saul grab a pair of trousers on the ground . he quickly dress up , and run out , look for the man he save . he find he on the side . then , he take he when no guard be watch to a few meter into the wood . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 61 . saul ( in hungarian , breathless ) you will help I bury my son . saul wrap braun 's bearded face in a strip of clothe . he + wrap braun 's arm as well , as if burn . + CUT to : ext . krematorium gate / courtyard - night prisoner of the sonderkommando stand in front of the gate , watch by a guard . braun stand next to saul , quietly shiver . braun look + back at the wood behind . + schlojme , the intoxicate kapo , count the man . schlojme ( in german ) 7 ! + schlojme start talk to another kapo , as if something be wrong . a ss officer come to they . ss officer 4 + ( in german ) 67 ? what 's go on , you filthy + scum ? the kapo talk to he , but they conversation can not be hear . saul and braun look at the scene . braun seem terrorize . schlojme , weary , come toward they . he look at the man , and then at saul . schlojme ( in yiddish , whisper ) who the hell be this ? saul ( in break yiddish ) he 's from krema ii . biederman expect he . schlojme ( in yiddish ) the hell I care ! the ss officer walk toward they . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 62. ss officer 5 ( in german ) kapo , what 's go on with the number ?? schlojme do not move for second . and then ... schlojme ( in german ) abgang , herr untersharfiihrer . ss officer 4 ( in german , indifferent ) we will see at roll call . the officer move away . the gate open . they enter the krematorium . CUT to : 37 int . krematorium - back of the oven / attic stair / prisoner 's hall under the roof - saul 's corner - night the group of exhaust prisoner , among they saul and braun , walk behind the silent oven . they climb up the stair . frankel reach saul at the top of the stair . yankl follow they as they go further in the attic . frankel ( in yiddish ) why do you bring this one in ? saul ( in break yiddish ) rabbi . frankel look startle . they reach saul 's corner . braun enter and lie down on the camp bed . saul turn to frankel , who be still behind . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in break yiddish ) for the dead . frankel ( in yiddish ) we carry we dead ourselves . a beat . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 63. frankel ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish ) people come to I . saul ( in break yiddish ) I do . frankel ( in yiddish ) I say a kaddish . saul do not answer . yankl catch they up . he peer into saul 's corner . yankl ( in yiddish ) this be a bandit who snore . saul enter he corner . frankel and yankl leave . braun be asleep . saul point to a sheet below a little curtain in the hide corner of the room . saul ( in yiddish ) that 's the boy ._ I hide he . braun do not wake up . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in hungarian ) you will tell I what to do . saul go to the body , kneel down , touch the sheet . when he turn back , braun have fall asleep . saul get up , pour some water from a tank in a dish and put it next to the boy . he be about to uncover the body when he hear murmur from outside . saul hurry back to the bed . then , he go back to the body and uncover it . he look at it for some time . with delicate gesture , he pour some water on the frail chest , and clean the skin . he clear the face as well . a smile on he face . a strange light illuminate he eye . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 38 64 . he gaze at it and eventually put back the sheet onto the body . CUT to : int . krematorium - saul 's corner / prisoner 's room under the roof - night step can be hear behind the door . saul get up and go to the curtain . abraham stand in the doorway , saul keep the door half - close . abraham ( in hungarian ) where have you be all night ? saul ( in hungarian ) I be take to the pit . abraham ( in hungarian ) where 's the powder ? saul look up , confuse . abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , impatient ) the package send by the woman ? saul feel he trousers , look up . saul ( in hungarian ) fall ... abraham look at he , terrify . abraham ( in hungarian ) how will we blow up this thing now ? angry , abraham push saul inside he corner . braun wake up . abraham look at braun and back at saul , astonished . in a rush of wrath , he grab saul 's collar . saul ( in hungarian ) he ’1ll help we tomorrow ! shoot draft April 25 , 2014 65 . abraham ( in hungarian ) you find he ?? + abraham let go of he . + abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian , whisper ) you pick a rabbi from the dead ? + vassili appear , look at the scene . + vassili ( in Russian , to saul ) where 's the bundle ? abraham lean toward vassili , explain something to he . vassili ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) stupid Jew . vassili look at saul , anger blur he eye . he punch saul in the stomach , cursing in Russian . abraham stand there , he do not intervene . saul fall on the ground . abraham ( in Russian ) stop ! vassili hit saul one last time and leave . + when saul get up again , abraham have uncover the body and be kneel by he . braun be watch from the bed . saul go to the body and cover he back . abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) who be this ? saul ( in hungarian ) my son . abraham ( in hungarian , dismay ) but you have no son . he try to remain calm . saul ( in hungarian ) I do . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 38b 39 66 . abraham look at saul . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in hungarian ) i_have to bury my son . abraham ( in hungarian , annihilate ) you_ do not need a rabbi for that ! saul ( in hungarian , point at braun ) at least he will do what 's right . abraham go toward the curtain . _ he keep a eye on braun . abraham ( in hungarian , to saul ) this man stay in the room . you get rid of the body . abraham leave . CUT to : int . krematorium - saul 's corner - dawn saul go to braun , take a razor out of he pocket and start shave the man , look at he face . braun do not look into saul 's eye . CUT to : I /e. krematorium - courtyard - construction area - morning saul and braun be digging in the ground with shovel . next to they , there be a cart cover with a canvas . they be stand in a area partially cover by a large canvas in a corner of the courtyard . brick and board be align on the side , along with shovel and other tool . around they other prisoner be busy work . saul stop when he feel a hand on he arm . it be feigenbaum . feigenbaum ( in yiddish ) do not dig here ! shoot draft April 25 , 2014 40 67 . saul ( in hungarian ) I do not understand . he resume he digging . feigenbaum ( in yiddish ) what do you say ? braun stop and look at feigenbaum . feigenbaum try to speak to he in yiddish . + feigenbaum lose he patience . feigenbaum ( cont 'd ) ( in yiddish , to saul ) this be my spot ! + a alarm go off somewhere near the krematorium . the man be seemingly confuse . prisoner run out of the building , order by guard to + gather in the courtyard . . + a kapo come toward saul and braun . kapo ( in german ) schnell ! feigenbaum and the worker run out of the work area toward + the courtyard where the guard have already start direct the prisoner into a side entrance . saul lose braun and engulf in the crowd , enter the + darkness of the side entrance . CUT to : i/e. krematorium - courtyard - coal storage room - day saul be stand still among the other prisoner . the room be pack . the worried face of many man can be see around he . some whisper to each other . no sign of braun . saul push the man around he and look at the face as he proceed forward in the room . he look for braun . + a low rumble of mix voice can be hear , in all language . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 68. lemke ( in hungarian ) 70 man ? greek prisoner I ( in Greek ) do the oberkapo make the list ? greek prisoner ii ( in Greek ) how many man ? vassili grab saul 's shirt . saul push he away and proceed throught the crowd , look . biederman ( in yiddish ) have to be quick . hirsch ( in yiddish ) krema ii will not move a finger ... saul keep on move forward . the man all turn silent as the noise of truck and shout order can be hear outside . voice ( 0.s. ) ( in german ) faster ! the man look at each other . saul follow biederman next to a group of several man intensely argue . vassili stand in the middle of the group , with abraham , feigenbaum and other man . abraham tell something to feigenbaum , who leave the group and go whisper something into the man 's ear who stand further . feigenbaum pass saul , and go to frankel and Hirsch , who be close to saul . saul go toward abraham , who be carefully listen to the conversation around he . he look up at saul but do not tell he anything . saul spot frankel_who stand next to a_small group , look down . . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 frankel ( in yiddish ) and this man now . behind , yankl and a polish prisoner stand next to braun , harass he . yankl ( in yiddish ) well , rabbi ? it 's sabbath . polish prisoner ( in Polish ) can not you talk ? saul go to they and try to stand tall . polish prisoner ( cont ’d ) ( in Polish ) what do you want ? saul ( in hungarian ) you leave he . yankl ( in hungarian , ironic ) he should do the service . hirsch ( in yiddish ) we will die because of you two . saul ( in break yiddish ) we be already dead . saul take braun 's arm , lift he up , and they go toward 69 . abraham . _ yankl_ and Hirsch disappear . braun be afraid , cannot + look into abraham 's eye . saul , weary , look at abraham . saul ( cont ’d ) ( in hungarian ) i_have to take care of my son . abraham 's gaze be cold , with no empathy . abraham in hungarian ) what son ? saul ( in hungarian ) he 's not from my wife . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 + 4l 70 . a pause . + abraham ( in hungarian ) when do you last see he ? a pause . saul look down . + abraham look at saul as if ask . + abraham ( cont 'd ) ( in hungarian ) you have no son . a beat . + the door fling open , the daylight blind everybody . four ss guard lead by a officer barge in . they go to biederman , stand very close to saul , grab he by the armpit and take he out of the room . the door slam behind they . in shock , the man stay silent for a while . saul look at abraham , who do not pay attention to he . + abraham 's first reaction be to consult with vassili . + CUT to : ext . krematorium —- courtyard - day the diffuse morning pour a strange light on the man align in rank in the courtyard . the man be weary and worried , try to look around , but the guard around they be aggressive and watch out . next to saul stand abraham . saul seem endlessly weary . saul see miklo , look batter , exite the building . miklo look among the man align . he come to saul . miklos ( in hungarian , in a excited voice ) find I a boy . same age , same look . miklo barely wait for saul 's answer and go back toward the krematorium . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 42 43 71 . the chief doctor exit the building . miklo stop . the chief doctor pass he by without a look and leave the courtyard though the gate . miklo enter the krematorium . abraham ( in hungarian ) you fail the live for the dead . saul do not answer . he look back at braun . ss guard gather at the other end of the courtyard . they come toward the prisoner and order they into the krematorium . ss guard ( in german ) to the undress room ! the prisoner move toward the entrance door . CUT to : omitted int . krematorium - undressing room / underground tunnel - day the man be bring to the undress room , where piece of clothes be scattered on the ground . the guard start shouting order . ss guard ( in german ) Gather all clothes ! fast ! saul see jacket mark with red xs on the back . he take one up , show it to the other . frankel ( in yiddish ) another kommando ! next to frankel , yankl , in he cavalry trousers , kneel down and start gather the clothes . frankel pull he up . clothes go from one hand to the other . hirsch ( in yiddish ) they burnt they ! shoot draft April 25 , 2014 44 45 72 . the prisoner refuse to obey . Guards start hit some of the prisoner . abraham kneel down next to a pile and uncover biederman 's tin box . he lift it up for all to see . abraham ( in yiddish ) the initial surprise turn into a wave of wrath that cross the room . in the background , a man wrestle with a guard . the guard look at the scene , startle . they be push back by the prisoner . the rebellion rise . shout , chaos and confusion take over the room . hammer , shovel and stick appear in the hand of the prisoner . the guard try to contain they , but to no avail . people run in all direction , guard and some kapo be beat . some prisoner be shot . some other manage to take stick and gun from the hand of two guard . saul look for braun in the room . he find he and they go with the flow toward the exit while a general rumble take over the krematorium and its surroundings . just as the two man approach the exit , vassili seize saul and force he to come with he . saul look behind he but he have lose sight of braun . omitted int . krematorium - back of the oven / attic stair - day on the stair leading to the attic vassili bring saul to abraham , who be pour some fuel on the wall and the floor with two other men . mattress be burn . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 46 73. abraham come down to meet they . vassili ( in Russian ) I bring this one . use he . abraham look tense as he look up and notice saul . gunshot can be hear from outside . vassili run down with lemke , both carry hand - make grenade . saul ( in hungarian ) let I go . abraham look at saul , he eye fill with pity and anger . he turn he back on saul . saul rush out . CUT to : i/e. krematorium - exit area / courtyard - day in the exit area , a grenade explode . saul follow prisoner rush out . in the courtyard , the confusion spread to the entire area . prisoner and guard be shouting . bullet be fire from both side . a strong explosion shake the krematorium 's wall . saul look up and around . smoke everywhere . amidst machine gun fire , saul find braun . he take he arm and they run to the work area . saul look under the canvas for the body . he lift it up . prisoner in the courtyard continue fight . saul see as on the other side of the fence , a military truck draw nearer . prisoner with wire cutter cut the barb wire , create a open through the fence . some prisoner escape through the open , toward the forest . saul look back to the military truck . ss guard be pour out of it . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 47 74 . saul look at braun , who seem to be look for a opportunity to flee . saul ( in break yiddish ) follow . they start run amidst the bullet toward the open . they leave the courtyard , run in the smoke and chaos . CUT to : ext . wood - day the two man run in the wood with the corpse still wrap in a sheet . in the distance , sporadic shot can be hear . they be both exhaust . saul do not let he companion stop , even for a second . then , after take a path that go down a little slope hide by the tree , saul suddenly stop . saul start digging with he hand by the root of a large tree . braun look at he , clueless . he try to pull saul up as footstep can be hear draw nearer . braun look at saul , who relentlessly resume digging the dry earth with he hand . saul ( in break yiddish ) kaddish . kaddish . please . say it . braun ( very low ) yitgaddal veyitgqaddash shmeh rabba ... braun suddenly stop . saul look at he . braun ( cont 'd ) ( in Greek ) I forget . braun runs_away . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 48 75 . saul ( in yiddish ) you ! saul get up , take the corpse and follow he , also run . CUT to : ext . river and wood - day saul , carry the wrap corpse , stop by the river , where he find braun . he softly put the corpse down to the ground . Dog bark can be hear . behind he eight fugitive of the sonderkommando run out of the wood , with feigenbaum and frankel lead they . some of they carry a revolver or a stick . feigenbaum be wounded . the fugitive look briefly at the two man . feigenbaum do not stop . feigenbaum ( in yiddish , to he companion ) do not waste you time . come on ! he go to the water and start swim . the man all follow feigenbaum into the river . braun go into the water . saul try to grab braun . saul ( in hungarian ) help I . braun stop , and look at saul , before swim away . saul _goe back to the boy , uncover the young face and look at it . he take up the body and enter the water . he try to maintain the body above the water , while swim toward the other side . reaching the middle of the river , he look around . he be alone . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 49 76 . the stream be too powerful . saul , with no force leave , almost drown , let the body out of he control . he watch helplessly as the wrap body be take by the water and slowly disappear . saul start drown . frankel reach saul and help he to the other side . saul do not resist , but he face be now transformed , engulf by helplessness . CUT to : i/e . wood / barn - day saul be push forward by frankel , who trail the other fugitive in the wood . they come upon a derelict barn . the man enter . saul be the last to enter . feigenbaum be on the floor , one of the fugitive attend to he wound . he look batter . some fugitive look at the scene , worried . other try to dry they clothes with straw . feigenbaum ( in yiddish ) five minute , we have to go on . frankel look at saul , who stand still , silent . two man be in a heat discussion about they plan to reach the partisan . the entrance door be suddenly open . the man be stir up , most of they jump up . a young boy dress in peasant clothes slowly enter the room . he must be 12 at most , but already robust . his hair be fair , and he contemplate this rag man with uttermost interest . the man look at he , amaze . shoot draft April 25 , 2014 77 . the boy take a few step in the room , as if he be a general in a review of he troops . he curse in Polish , as if imitate he father . he smile . he examine all the man , some from a close distance . he arrive near saul and look at he . saul look up at the boy . the boy be now suddenly serious . scare , the boy run out of the hut . in the wood the boy keep run in the wood . a sudden upheaval of voice and footstep . a ss squad pass he by and go in the direction of the hut . he be push onto the ground . the soldier quietly take position around the hut . as the soldier besiege the hut and open fire on it , the child be frighten , and run away further deep in the wood . the camera stop . we see further and further away the child run and finally disappear among the tree . the end . ++ 50 51 omitted omitted shoot draft April 25 , 2 14