" pearl of the cobra " ( rambo 4 ) written by sylvester stallone November 6 , 2006 dissolve : a large colored map showing the country of vietnam , cambodia , thailand and burma ( superimpose over screen ) for over fifty year the karen people of burma , consisting of peasant , mainly farmer , have fought for survival against the oppressive ruling burmese military . torture , murder , rape , mutilation and wide - spread execution of ethnic minority have forced a million people into refugee camp and million more to flee into the forest and mountain to fight a losing battle for there survival . the untied nation have call the systematic destruction of the karen people a '' slow but certain genocide . '' the struggle between the karen freedom fighter and the ruling burmese army be the longest running civil war in history . what now follows be a vast assortment of actual footage taken behind enemy line at great peril . this footage will be accompanied by a montage of extraordinarily violent and humanistic image that be be narrated by a assortment of worldwide journalist . after the final explosive footage showing a karen village under actual morter attack , the scene freeze and dissolves to the serenity of the jungle . ext . - burma - rice paddy - night a large military truck pull up alongside a desert rice paddy . in the near darkness we see a group of ten burmese soldier lead out a terrify cluster of five young karen men and roughly shove they to the berm of the paddy . what be even more disturbing be several of the trooper be no more than 13 to 15 year old . as the young karen prisoner stand knee - deep in the murky water , the soldier overtly place bet among themselves ... a dead - eye burmese major in he thirty name PA tee tint , motion to lt . aye , who gesture to two soldier hold flare gun . the weapon explode and the darkness suddenly illuminate into a glow crimson red . the young karen man , who be situate in a line , like runners at a track meet , be order to run for they life . they be freeze in fear as the boisterous soldier fire shot at they foot . they be still reluctant until lt . aye motion to the soldier at he side and without hesitation the obedient trooper raise he rifle and fire point blank into the nearest prisoner 's back . the hapless soul crumble face first into the dark water . the terror-stricken man commence run and the soldier cheer for they prefer bet , like one would do for a favorite racing dog . as the men near the opposite bank , the karen prisoner in the CENTER step on a submerge land mine , burst the muddy water upward like a bloody geyser and send the man 's break body into the air finally crumble like a break doll in to the marshland below . the vocal soldier pay off one another as the dead - eye major tint look on without emotion . credit sequence ext . - river - day a twenty - eight foot well - weathered lonesoat drift up along the nearby shoreline of a tributary ... a small dugout canoe be tow behind the longboat . on -board be stack of perforate crate that be use to house capture snake . a young thai man ( snake catcher # 1 ) steer the old craft , as a yellow wilting cigarette dangle from the corner of he parched mouth . his sun - crease eye peer into the dense shoreline while the boat drift to a near stop . on-shore the figure of two men be see maneuver cautiously among the foliage . CUT to : ext . - shore line - day a second young thai man ( call snake catcher # 2 ) be sweat profusely as he attempt to lure a large poisonous snake ( cobra ) away from its hide spot . attempt to seize the snake 's tail with long bamboo tong use for capture the reptile , the creature angrily strike and rapidly slither off . stand in the vicinity be JOHN rambo . though have mature , the long-haire outcast still resemble the one- time super - soldier , whose monastic lifestyle have keep he body strong . he be dress in well - wear hunt fatigue . in he hand be a metal snake hook . around he neck be a amber pearl 3 centimeter in diameter . it 's call Sri nagra mani , ' the Pearl of the cobra . 's the hulk figure of rambo , move forward and pin the large reptile behind the neck , pull it upright without a bit of waste energy . he place the lethal snake into a bag hold open by one of the other snake hunter . dissolve to : ext . - river - shoreline - afternoon rambo and the snake hunter # 2 raise up the sack of capture snake as they wade into the water and proceed to board the longboat . ext . - shoreline - afternoon stand cautiously in front of thick undergrowth shade by massive tropical tree , rambo instruct he assistant in thai to step aside and prepare a sack . a surround cobra hiss a deadly warning . reacting with the coolness of a old professional , rambo slip a wire hoop fastened to the end of a pole around the serpent 's neck , and pull the struggle killer towards a await sack . ext . - river - shoreline - day one snake hunter # 2 hold the dugout canoe steady with a bamboo pole . rambo have locate and pin another poisonous snake in a overhange tree . the dangerous creature be safely pull from the branch and rambo seize the frantically slithering snake firmly behind the neck . ext . - longboat - day as rambo pilot the boat , the two snake catcher entertain themselves by maneuver in front of a king cobra cobra dodge they ext . that they have set free on the deck . as the upright strike dangerously close to the man , they expertly it 's deadly fang while playfully banter in native tongue . - river - afternoon the longboat be see round a bend and come upon a dilapidated structure with a old viet nam era P. T. boat moor in front . the locale be a riverfront gather waterhole bar for a group of river pirate . rambo gesture to the snake catcher to bag the snake and head towards the pirate . CUT to : 10 11 12 ext . pirate bar - afternoon rambo be see pay out thai money to the wretch - look pirate leader who nod in approval . pirate leader ... snake man do good on my river . ( smile ) the other seven pirate glare intimidatingly at the snake catcher , who lower they eye . ext . - river - afternoon the sun hang low in the sky as rambo kneel in the front of the dugout . with a wooden longbow and arrow in hand , he search the shallow water for movement . drawing back the bow , a tethere arrow sail into the dark water . the snake catcher laugh they retrieve a large impale fish . ext . - river - afternoon travel closer to civilization , the longboat pass several crumble , vine- cover Buddhist temple along the way . rambo hand over several large fish he 's catch earlier in the day to a group of saffron - robed monk who stand along the river 's bank ext . - snake village - afternoon closer to civilization , the longboat glide into a small weathered pier . tower pole hold huge traditional fishing net high in the breeze . drawing closer we see the fade paint image of a king cobra over a large sign that read '' mae sa snake village - DAILY show '' it be write in both english and thai . also beside the sign be the universal logo for the red cross ... we hear the faint sound of break English and horrible looped music drift out from a fairly large teak wood open air building . Inside the building a snake charming show be underway . 10 11 12 13 14 the row of bleacher be occupy by twenty or so european tourist who watch a young snake charmer dodge gracefully around a small ten foot board circle ring as a pair of aggressive snake strike at he . every move of the snake or snake charmer be punctuate by corny dialog by a young thai m.c. , who render he ongoing banter with the bored finesse of someone who 's repeat the same speech a thousand time . rambo and the snake catcher be see pass in the background with they catch of reptile . the group be meet by the middle - age thai owner who speak to the snake catcher and gesture towards the ring . they nod and move off towards the action . int / ext . - snake village - afternoon 13 a row of holding cage house a assortment of venomous snake . rambo be presently milk the venom from a group of small cobras - once do rambo be slip some thai cash by the middle - age owner of the snake village . int . - snake ring - late afternoon 14 rambo idly lean up against the fade low - level bleacher and observe the pair of snake hunter now work in the ring . a group of three people enter the area and after confer with the owner of the snake village , head towards rambo . the leader michael burnett ( 40 ) gesture for the other two in he party to remain back voice ... Excuse I ? turn , rambo face michael . michael ( be : snake ) dangerous work - I be Michael burnett . do you have some time to talk ? rambo eye the group for a second and all present feel the intensity of he gaze . it 's not intimidating , but probing , like a man who 's see it all and can thoroughly read another man 's soul . he see Sarah Miller , age thirty - ish stand among the four other male traveler . michael ( cont ’d ) if you want , I can introduce you to we group now . rambo what have you need ? michael I be tell it might be possible to rent you boat , we have like to do that . be it possible ? rambo why ? michael we have like you to take we up river into burma . rambo burma 's a war zone . michael we know that . rambo stare back at the snake show . michael ( cont ’d ) let I explain - we church be part of a pan - asian ministry locate in Colorado , we be all volunteer who , around this time of year , bring in medical supplies prayer - book and support to the Karen tribe people - they need all the support they can get , if not , this people will not be around much longer . rambo can not help you . michael I be sure you could if you want to , we will pay for you time - this people be be wipe out . rambo eye he , then re-face the snake hunter in the ring . stray dog wander around . michael ( cont ’d ) ( fight to maintain he composure ) ( more ) we have ask around and the consensus be you know that , giver better than the tocalfschkee chit . he only one who can help we at this time . by that I mean we have little time to get in there , do what we do , and get back . rambo ... it 's a war zone . michael it 's not a war it 's '' systematic '' genocide - this 's 1ll be my fifth trip - I understand the risk . rambo there 's land mine everywhere . michael I know , like I say , I have be there five time before . rambo can not help you out . michael we be talk about a few hour that could change people 's life . rambo ( distract ) ... yeah . rambo 's attention be draw to sarah . though he try to avert he eye , he be take by she demeanor and soulful expression . sarah shyly look away when they eye meet . michael ( very uncomfortable ) every incursion before we have always travel overland , but the route 's be close down since last year , so up the salween River be the best alternative ... we know there 's several army outpost on the river , so we Karen contact plan to meet up with we much further down river from they - we be aware of the risk and like I say before , we be willing to take they . rambo to change people 's life ? + ee of 8 . the snake show be come to a conclusion , where the snake handler perfectly mime like he 's throw a cobra into the audience . they shriek , then applaud . michael yes , you sound like you do not believe that . rambo you bring in heavy weapon ? michael of course not . rambo nothin 's changin’ . rambo move away and head back to he longboat . michael walk back to sarah and jeff . michael let 's go - he 's not interested . sarah do he say why ? michael no , he do not - let 's go . they all start to move off then sarah face rambo who be retreate outside . michael ( cont ’d ) let 's go - do not beg he , it 's not worth it . sarah it be worth it - let I try . sarah continue away and catch up to rambo , about to exit the establishment . sarah ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ... rambo slowly stop , sarah approach . in the background we see a nondescript thai man who could be presume to be a under - cover policeman . he take in the whole scene . sarah ( cont ’d ) my name 's Sarah Miller , what 's yours ? rambo why ? sarah just ask . rambo john. sarah be it true you can not take we ? rambo yeah . sarah we only want to charter you boat for a few hour . rambo can not do it . rambo pet a dog that pass by . sarah or do not want to ? rambo there 's lot of boat around here , ask around . sarah we have and no one 's interested - we do not have time to walk around ask other people , I overhear what you be say to Michael , and maybe you do not want to feel responsible if something go wrong , I understand that , but I think we be go to be alright , I believe everything 's 1ll be fine , we have come a long way not to finish what we start . rambo glance over at michael who appear agitate by sarah be close proximity to himself . rambo he talk you into this ? sarah ( off guard ) ... what ? rambo do he talk you into it ? sarah ( almost at a loss ) no , he do not have to - I want to help . rambo want to respond , but decide to spare the impassion woman 's feeling . sarah ( cont ’d ) ... I do not know anything about you and it look like you do not want to know anything about we - but we need to help , that 's who we be , that 's what we have travel a long way to do . michael ( call out ) Sarah , let 's go . sarah ( start to turn away ) you live so close to it , and it do not bother you ? rambo you be name 's Sarah ? sarah yes . rambo Sarah , you have get a few good reason worth stayin’ alive for ? sarah ...of course , why ? rambo ' Cause there 's none here worth die over . ( he start to walk off ) sarah no one 's talk about die - you be not religious , be you ? michael be alert by sarah 's rise in volume . rambo pause . 10 . + ee of x x 11 . sarah ( cont ’d ) I mean , do you believe in anything ? rambo keep walk away . sarah ( cont ’d ) you pray with faith , and you act with courage - people be not put here to just be kill off for no reason ; that be not the way it 's suppose to be , that be not God 's plan ! rambo sure about that ? sarah ».. yes I be . sarah study rambo 's unreadable expression , obviously dispirite , she turn and start off towards she group . rambo how many be you ? sarah '' six. rambo if I be here tomorrow mornin 's I x11 take you - if I be not , I be not . sarah I understand - thank you . rambo watch she move off with uncharacteristic interest . CUT to : 15 ext . - karen village # 2 - night 15 this be not we main village , but rather a steep incline to thatched hut that be presently be maraud by 30 soldier who in the streaking shaft of glaring light be project from two large military truck park at the base of the village , which be engulf in eerie patch of drift fog . 16 17 12 . lt . aye be scream order as the trooper drag terrify young boy ( 12 - 16 ) out of they hut , away from they tragically plead parent and roughly shove they onto await truck . watch all this with dead eye be major tint . as a child be drag past , a implore parent drop to she knee and clutching tint 's leg , beg for she child . lo. aye kick she aside and address the nearly deplete village . lt . aye this boy be we Soldiers ! if you hide they , you will pay - you animal will die ! you crop will burn ! if you help the rebel , if you feed they , this child will die , we will cut out tongue and eye , and cover you face with you own intestine - remember this ! the heart - wrenching abduction continue as tint slowly pace away . ext . - snake village - night the area be nearly completely dark except for a few night light around the snake area and bleacher . CUT to : ext . - ramboss live quarter rambo be lose in think as he recline ina hammock . the surroundings be simple , nothing to indicate what he 's do , in he prior life . the sound of footstep alert he . he rise . stepping around a bamboo partition , he see the outline of three man approach . bumgardener hello - good evening . rambo step out of the shadow . rambo yes ? 16 17 13 . bumgardener John rambo , right ? rambo what do you need ? bumgardener a little of you time - how be you do ? american ed bumgardener be reveal . beside he a pair of thai mid - level government type . one of they be the man spying on the group at the snake show . bumgardener , like the other man , wear lose - fitting cotton shirt . in he late 5us , he isa hard - skinned former military man who 's give up a life of patriotic duty for a desk job in a dank corner of the universe . the pros and con of life have give way to a simple gray fatalistic , embitter outlook on the world . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) damp night . no matter how long I have be here I can not make peace with the moisture . I be Ed bumgardener , this two man be , actually it do not matter in the scheme of thing who they be , we all be officially with the '' Office of overseas activity . '' rambo ... never hear of it . bumgardener good - make we even . have not hear of you until today either . look like thing have die down in ' snake World . 's all the serpent tuck away for the night that 's nice . ( glance around at the darkness ) and I be guessin’ , but you look uninvolved at the moment , so have a few moment to spare ? yes ? rambo why ? bumgardener convenience , it 's better to discuss thing here than to be escort to the office , which be a haul at this time of night . ee a * +e ee of 14 . rambo still remain outline in the dark rambo what do you need ? bumgardener first thing be light - electricity 's make it this far , right ? I be guessin’ it have give it atry . ( rambo hesitates ) do not let my wardrobe throw you , believe it or not , I can make life real difficult for people . I do not want to , but I can . rambo turn on a small overhead light that hang on a cord . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) much better - now we know you be visit earlier today by a group of american traveller who want into burma , that 's what we know , John . bumgardener step forward and glance around the near barren room . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) ( to he partner ) this be what you call simple live . clean , no clutter - I can relate . the older I get , the less I want to own . anyway , if a few self - righteous '' go getter '' want to get they saintly ass blow away on a ' nature hike 's in enemy territory , so be it , John , but I be gonna go on the line and say in you line of work , you do not keep up with the shiftin’ sand of geo-politics , well the fact be this whole part of Southern Asia just get shove under a microscope . many thing be happen around we . rambo why be you tellin’ I this ? bumgardener just makin 's conversation , just fillin’ a fellow american up on the fact ; up the river there 's a lot happenin . 's bumgardener look out at rambo 's boat . ee eh he HH HH HH hk + ee 15 . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) yeah , there 's a lotta activity goin 's on in there , John - a lotta foreign money 's pourin’ in there - a lotta gas , teak , jade , drug move around - so you can figure out the playbook , the burmese general need to carry on with they business without ' outsider 's try to stir shit up by droppin’ off gift bag to the local . the general be get madder , people on both side of the border do not need disruption so , we can not have anymore of the '' God squader '' makin 's illegal hike over the border . what they try to do be nice , even noble , but be be nice and noble worth get bury alive for ? not in the '' bumgardener book of ' common sense 's '' it be not . rambo so tell they . bumgardener ( pace ) I can tell you be thinkin 's '' why 's he talkin’ to I like this , why 's he wastin’ valuable time ? '' do not know , come with the territory I suppose . I have do this song and dance with every other wharf rat with a boat around here , now you - you get the message - do not help . we have spend enough time make small talk ... so what do ya think ? rambo I think what I think . bumgardener that 's deep . rambo you do here ? bumgardener ( unruffled ) my fellow ' hard ass 's - y’know , there 's not many of we leave ... ( burrow deeply into rambo 's eye ) ( more ) he ff * ee +e ee hf * x ee ro 18 I know you - I know all about you , ' White 16 . death . bumgardener ( cont 'd ) rambo what have you call I ? bumgardener you be go to tell I you have never hear that name before ? maybe ya do ? couple time ? no more than a hundred or so ? laid a lot of soul away , no doubt . there 's no secret anymore , John , blame technology3 , maybe you do not think so but we have a lot in common , we tour the same garden spot - you , humpin’ for the fifth special force , Project Delta ' 67 - ’70 - vintage year - and I , I have the privilege to be honchin’ with the '' scream eagle of the 101st , '' and math not be my strong suit , but in Chu lai , 67 , we suck it up and accord to my count , laid waste to 1100 Charly in one sunny afternoon . that 's a tough stat to beat . bumgardener rise and motion to the two thais then gesture outside . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) y'know the air this time of year smell like god damn wet dog . bumgardener glance back at rambo . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) ( face rambo ) you get you warning - ' night , snakeland . rambo wander back to the rear porch and gaze pensively out on the dark tranquility of the river , faintly emerging from the stillness be the distant straining drone of a diesel engine . ext . - river - early morning 18 in the early morning mist rambo 's longboat slowly motor up the desert river . a fh HH HH HH HH hk * * 19 20 17 . ext . - shore 19 as the longboat round the bend the camera pan over and find bumgardener sip a coffee from a paper cup as the boat shrink in the distance . int . - longboat - morning 20 six missionaries include sarah and leader michael burnett be huddle together in the rear of the craft ... the two thai snake hunter lean against the bow eyeing the group . they appear on edge . rambo 's at the helm . rambo ( in thai ) ... take over . reluctantly the snake hunter # 1 take the wheel and rambo move to the bow . he watch she for a pensive moment , study she feature . michael be engage in subtle conversation with he fellow traveler , but he eye travel back and forth between rambo and sarah . hesitantly , rambo move toward sarah , who appear to be in a contemplative state as she study the tropical terrain pass by . rambo ( cont ’d ) ... everything alright ? she gently snap out of she daydream . sarah Fine . I be fine , thanks . rambo need anything - water ? sarah no - ah , sure . rambo sheepishly nod and pull out warm bottled water from a box and remove the top . sarah ( cont ’d ) thank you again for do this . 18 . rambo nod , hand she the water , force himself not to * look into she compassionate eye . sarah ( cont ’d ) * it 's like the same view go on forever - so empty out here . 's rambo ... just look that way . * sarah have you live here a long time ? rambo yeah . * sarah where you from in America ? rambo Arizona . sarah that 's a contrast . rambo smile and awkwardly nod . sarah ( cont ’d ) so how do a american from Arizona end up hunt poisonous snake in the back water of Thailand ? rambo just lucky . sarah laugh . she appear comfortable around rambo and this fact be not lose on michael . sarah lucky ? it 's so dangerous . rambo depend - rambo stare out at the pass scenery . rambo ( cont ’d ) a snake 's a snake - you know what to expect . if you get hurt , you fault , not * a lotta thing work like that . * 19 . sarah glance at the amber stone around he neck . sarah be that a stone ? rambo naga -mani . sarah a what ? rambo it 's a cobra Pearl . sarah do not know there be such a thing . rambo they be rare - sometimes you find they in the big old one who have die - if you kill they for it , it have no power . sarah ( smile ) power - what kind of power ? rambo it 's just legend , it 's suppose to light the way in the dark . sarah to what ? rambo to the truth . when I talk about it , it do not sound right . sarah what else be it suppose to do ? rambo ( at a loss ) ... it 's alright . sarah you just can not end a conversation like that . 21 22 rambo ... the one who wear it be suppose to rise from poison or disease , have good rain on he land , and he will always defeat he enemy ... sarah ... really ? rambo ( awkwardly ) I do not know - that 's the legend . sarah so how 's it work ? rambo ... s0 far , so good . rambo render a shy smile and glance up river . ext . - wide shot of river - noon the longboat appear miniscule on the far shore of the river . the boat soon disappear around a bend . int . - longboat - noon rambo still stare vigilantly at the surround terrain . the group 's leader , michael step forward . michael any idea how much longer ? rambo few hour - michael ( to sarah ) maybe you should let the man have he space - last thing anyone need be have near stranger disturbing they peace of mind . sarah I be sorry if I be bother you . 21 22 +e ee of 21 . michael now if you have a minute , we should go over the schedule . she start away . rambo you be not bother I . michael tense as sarah pause and face rambo . sarah ... you sure ? michael he 's just be polite . rambo ( softly ) no , I be not . * michael ( contain he emotion ) when you get a chance , Sarah . michael smile tightly and move back to he group . sarah you do not agree with what we be do , do you ? rambo do not matter what I think . sarah sure it do . I mean , why be you take we ? I be curious . * rambo * you be a curious person . * sarah * I just wonder why you agree . * rambo * you stand for something . * sarah so maybe you do agree with something * we be do . rambo ... maybe. 22 . sarah you do not think life be precious and should be protect ? rambo some life . sarah all life . rambo can not agree with that . sarah do you always think like this ? rambo no - I use to think like you . sarah what happen ? rambo shrug and turn away . sarah ( cont ’d ) even though we can not do much more than bring medicine and some encouragement , we believe it will all work out in the end - peace will come if you work at it . rambo you put out one fire , another start . sarah no , everything come to a end . rambo turnin 's the other cheek do not work here . when something you love have be kill , there 's no mercy , there 's never enough revenge , even if you kill the enemy over and over , it 's never enough - ( tap he chest ) the war in here never end . he turn and stare at the river and the scene fade . ee ff 23 24 25 26 ext . - river - night the scene fade and darken into a wide shot of the moon and the river at night . ext . - river - night the longboat swing around a bend and reveal a very bizarre sight on the opposite river bank sarah step forward to michael , the group leader . michael what 's that ? ext . - river pirate bar - night the bar be construct on rotting pylon . the establishment be no more then thirty foot wide . a droop line of colored light ( every other one be burn out ) sag over the entrance ... dock in front of the hell hole be a old navy five - man p.t. boat armed in front with a mount machine gun . horrible music waft from the bar , while seven men and two hard -core hookers mingle among the ruthless vermin ... int . - longboat - night rambo yell to the helmsman . rambo ( in thai ) dock it . the boat swing toward the pirate 's de . the snake hunter look apprehensively at one another . michael ( rush forward ) what be you do ? rambo it 'il be alright - tell everyone to sit down . do not move . he nod and face sarah . 23 . 23 24 25 26 27 24 . rambo ( cont ’d ) ( to Sarah ) stay over there . ext . - pirate 's bar - night 27 a floodlight on the p.t. boat snap to life . it 's harsh glare cover the comparatively meek - look longboat . * pirate # 1 ( in burmese ) come over here snakeman ! visitin 's we again , so soon ?! rambo gesture to the missionary . rambo ( in burmese ) I have people with I . michael * what do they want ? * rambo * a little money - they charge a toll for * usin’ they river . michael * they own the river ? * rambo this part - ( to Sarah ) put you hair under a hat an’ stay back . the majority of the intoxicate pirate stagger forward as the longboat drift in . * they incessant chatter and obviously derisive remark cause the missionary to cringe in apprehension . rambo and one of the snake hunter step onto the dilapidate dock and approach the pirate leader . sarah retreat next to the wheel house . michael ( to all present ) it 'il be alright . * 28 25 . one of the drunken pirate mock the white man and playfully rap the side of the boat with a bamboo pole . sarah and all present flinch . rambo and the snake hunter negotiate with the pirate leader . the pirate smile through crack tooth as the snake hunter # 1 explain that all they have on board be medicine and some bible . around the pirate leader 's neck be a rawhide necklace comprise of a half dozen , well - dry severe ear . the leader take the Bible , toss it away . pirate leader ( in burmese ) what shit - ( gesture to the passenger ) 300 bhat - each 300 more comin’ back . rambo reach into he pocket for money . one pirate make strong eye-contact with sarah who skittishly glance away . she nervously attempt to tuck she hair beneath she hat . rambo move on board . rambo ... let 's go . ext . - longboat - night 28 as the longboat motor away , the pirate revelry be see and hear in the shrink background . michael and the other missionary look dismay . michael it 's alright now ? sarah be shake , rambo stare straight ahead . rambo it 'il be alright . you want to keep go ? michael yes , keep go - we be too close to change we plan . ( almost for Sarah 's benefit ) I be not point the finger , but why do not you tell we there be thief on this river ? 26 . rambo sometimes they be not here . michael I understand , but would have like to prepare the other , but it 's past , so * we will move on , right . * michael move away , sarah remain . sarah he 's under a lot of pressure - he 's a * good man . * at this moment , the rumble of powerful engine be hear ... come around the bend be the pirate small gunship . rambo curse under he breath . michael now what do they want ? what 's wrong ? do * they want more money ? what do they * want ? * rambo ( perplex ) everyone sit in back over there . do not make eye contact . * ( to Sarah ) stay in the shadow . michael think they want more money ? if they do , * just give it to they . * rambo ignore he as the pirate 's boat fire a warning shot , then noisily pull alongside the trawler . pirate leader ( in burmese - to rambo ) you have a woman . rambo we pay you . * the pirate gesture towards sarah , who cringe . pirate leader snake man want it all for yourself ! ( laugh ) 27 . rambo ( in burmese ) we pay you . pirate leader ( to Sarah ) stand up ! whore , stand up ! michael step forward . pirate leader ( cont ’d ) get up !!! the crew mock the missionary . pirate leader ( cont ’d ) ( point pistol ) I kill everybody !! tell whore to stand up !! michael he want she do not he ?! rambo ( calmly ) stay back . michael we do not want any trouble , but he can not go near she . ( to pirate ) tell he that ! pirate leader ( aim pistol ) get back , I kill you ! sarah what do he want ? michael ... you , he want you ! pirate leader ( yell ) she 's good food - she 's a good meal ! he want to keep the food for himself ! the snake hunter be nearly quaking in fear . sarah what should I do ? +e ee of x * * + ee of 28 . rambo ( eye harden ) ... nothing . pirate leader ( furiously ) get she up ! one of the pirate swivel the big turret gun in rambo 's direction . sarah what do I do ? ( she start to rise ) rambo sit down . michael ( to Sarah ) stay where you be . pirate leader I want she ! rambo we give you money . no more . michael edge past rambo and with reckless bravado confront the pirate leader . michael ( yell ) we give you money - that 's all !! now let we go ! pirate leader ( in burmese ) you all die ! fuck you ! with blind speed rambo brushes michael aside and whip out a hide .45 from the small of he back and put a bullet into the center of the pirate leader 's face . in the next two - and -a-half second , rambo cut down another four man in a incredible display of deadly marksmanship . then speed change the clip , begin rapid fire before the empty clip even hit the deck . two more pirate be blow away . it 's absolutely stun in its economy of motion . sarah 's traumatize and the missionary recoil in fear . * + ee of 29 . even the harden snake hunter be stunne and speechless . michael rise from the deck . * michael my God , what have you do ?! you kill they all - you kill they all !! we come up here to help stop the kill ! ! rambo be nearly in a state of shock himself . he have not spill blood for year , or feel the power over life and death . the emotion of he violent past sweep over he . numbed , he move to the front of the boat . michael ( cont ’d ) why have you do that ?... we could have talk it out , we could have try - we do not ask you fire on anyone - that 's not who we be ! - they 'il never forget what * they see ! rambo ( low ) they would have rape she and kill she . they would have make you watch then cut you head off . michael that 's you opinion - you act on you own ! who be you to play with people 's life !? it 's wrong , all wrong ! * rambo ( in thai ) turn it back ! rambo go to the helm and turn the wheel hard and the boat start to veer . michael stop ! where be you go !? * rambo continue to turn the rudder . michael ( cont ’d ) * ( to group ) what just happen should not have happen . what just happen be all wrong * and he fault , not yours , not ours , we have come this far and should keep go and * not have what he do turn we back ; people in there need we , do everyone still want to go on ?! * ( more ) 29 we should finish what we come here to do . 30 . right now thigrd rapey cont '' : they mumble '' yes '' back . rambo continue to head down river . michael ( cont ’d ) if you just take we where we be suppose to be go ; and we ’1ll be out of you life . sarah ( to rambo ) please turn around . ( rambo be incredulous ) please - we be only hour away ... please , it 's what I want . rambo and sarah stare in each other 's eye and with a heavy heart , he turn the boat around . ext . - shorline - dawn it 's early dawn when the trawler pull close to the river bank and all the missionary disembark . stand on the bank be EIGHT karen tribe people who be there to help off - load and carry the supplies . the four other member of the group have disembarked . longboat : the only passenger leave on -board be sarah and michael . michael we 'il be return by a overland route and cross much further - I 'il have to report this . it 's the right thing to do . ( exit ) rambo glance toward sarah , who pass by he . he 's still in turmoil from the shooting . sarah I know you think what you do be right , but take a life be never right . rambo ( low ) ... some life . sarah touch he hand and move away . + ee of 30 31 32 33 34 35 31 . rambo nod to snake hunter # 1 who put the boat in gear ... ext . - river - morning 30 as the shoreline shrink , rambo take a final glimpse of the group fade in the foliage and sarah be final look good - bye . ext . - jungle - day 31 the karen guide and the missionary load with backpack trudge along a old semi-jungle trail . ext . - river - day 32 the longboat pass the pirate boat . four of the dead thieve lie sprawle across the deck . the boat itself have get entangle along the river bank . rambo turn away not want to relive the moment . he then re-face the pirate 's boat and guide the longboat toward the river 's bank . ext . - jungle - day 33 Sarah and the missionary trudge through the difficult terrain . CUT to : ext . - shoreline - day 34 the snake hunter nervously keep glance around as they climb on board the stagnant pirate boat . they view the carnage with consternation . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 35 the missionaries step out of the forest , revealing the karen village way in the distance . CUT to : x % 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 ext . - shoreline first rambo and the young snake hunter be see hand the dead pirate over the side as rambo carry the body on shore . ext . - karen village - afternoon long shot of the missionaries arrive at the humble village , that be comprise of hastily construct hut . CUT to : ext . - jungle rambo and the snake hunter continue off load the decease pirate . CUT to : ext . - karen village - day long shot high above the village we sense the unsuspecting missionary be be observe . we hear burmese language and the sound of body move away through the foliage . ext . - jungle - afternoon rambo and the snake hunter drag the body deeper into the forest . ext . - karen village - late afternoon fifty people from the surround vicinity be see move to a area in the center of the village . ext . - karen village - burmese jungle - late afternoon we pull away from the hut into the perimeter surround the entire village . there 's a tremor of movement among the tree . 32 . 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 33 . silhouettes of armed , uniform man move through the foliage . int . - hut 43 sarah continue to hand out medicine while address the grateful Karen people through a interpreter ... sarah ... tell they this antibiotic will protect they . another missionary be use he expertise in dentistry , while another aide worker hand out small toy to soile child . missionary ... here , let I see if I can fix this little problem . CUT to : ext . - jungle - late afternoon 44 rambo and the snake hunter commence to digging shallow grave in the soft soil with a collapsible military shovel and they hand . ext . - karen village - late afternoon 45 soldier stalk the village from different angle . CUT to : ext . - karen village - late afternoon 46 a karen man and he sickly wife approach the exterior of a hut where michael burnett be preaching the word of God to a group of thirty people . next to he be a interpreter . michael ( from St. Mark 's chapter four ) ( more ) 47 48 49 50 51 '' , , .. and it come to pass as he sow , some fall by the with i t fowl of the air come , aye hbel b58 es , and some fall on stony ground which it have not much earth ... '' CUT to : ext . - jungle - late afternoon sweat pour down the man 's face as they continue to dig the grave . rambo 's body english be clearly taunt , he eye red from strain . CUT to : ext . - karen village Soldiers and they weapon be see in close - up as they frighteningly advance . michael ( v.o. ) '' , .. when the sun be up , it be scorched and because it have no root , it withere away ... '' CUT to : ext . - jungle a pirate body be drop into a shallow grave . on the impact we hard cut to the next scene . CUT to : ext . - karen village a morter shell be be drop into a tube and fire . CUT to : ext . - karen village - late afternoon the morter round hit with concussive force within fifty yard of the hapless Karen and missionary . 34 . 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 a second morter explode and two karen and one missionary worker be kill . CUT to : ext . - jungle - late afternoon a second body be dumped into a moist grave . CUT to : ext . - karen village - late afternoon the panicked villager scream as bullet fire from the surround forest rip into they as they attempt to flee . soldier charge forward . two male american missionaries be beat to the ground with rifle butt . CUT to : ext . - jungle another body be pull into a shallow grave . CUT to : ext . - karen village - burmese jungle - night burmese soldier beat young boy and haul they away by they hair . and a pair of karen girl be kick to the ground and sexually assault . hut be set afire by portable flame thrower , likewise a mother and child . CUT to : ext . - jungle a fourth and fifth body be heave into the wet grave by rambo , whose eye be ablaze . CUT to : 35 . 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 36 . ext . - karen village 57 major PA tee tint watch the slaughter with a imperturbable calm . sarah attempt to shield a older woman who be be unmercifully beat . a soldier toss she aside and bayonets the woman . CUT to : ext . - jungle 58 rambo roughly hoist up the dead pirate captain by he shirt and glare into he lifeless eye . he bitterly cast the thief into he final rest place . CUT to : ext . - karen village 59 a soldier fire at a flee Karen man who cradle he son in he arm . the bullet pass through both body . CUT to : ext . - karen village 60 a pair of soldier beat a woman to she knee and snatching up she two young child , heave they into the inferno of a burn hut . CUT to : ext . - jungle - late afternoon 61 the pair of snake catcher nervously observe rambo pour gasoline across the deck of the pirate 's boat . once do , he fire up a stick match and ignites the fuel . it storm across the deck finally ignite in a gust of flame . leap overboard , he trudge toward shore . with he mind boil with a spectrum of conflict thought , he suddenly turn and heave he trademark knife into the flame and depart without a backward glance . + ee of ee ro 62 37 . ext . - karen village - dusk 62 smoke drift across the ravage village . body be strewn everywhere . every several second the sound of a sporadic rifle fire be hear . the remain missionary worker have be drag to the edge of the burn village . they be hold at gun point while major tint silently inspect the terrify Americans . only the group leader , michael burnett have the nerve to speak out michael we be no threat - we come in peace , we only bring necessity for this people to live - we be no threat , we be not political . oblivious , tint inspect the crucifix around michael 's neck , then inspect a identical one around sarah 's . tint thinly smile then gesture to a trooper who bring a whaling infant forward and tint take the child in the crook of he arm and pace along the missionaries . michael ( cont ’d ) please , do not do this ! let he go ! you sick son of a bitch , what be you try to prove ?! michael receive a rifle butt to the back of he neck send he crash to the ground . sarah no !! do not hit he again ! please ! tint step over michael as he almost gently hold the anguish boy cradle against he shoulder . sarah ( cont ’d ) ( step forward ) do not do this . the soldier have they rifle train on the center of every missionary face . tint step to the berm of a rice paddy . gently patting the child , he glare into the eye of the terrify Americans . satisfied he have they undivide attention , he calmly toss the child into the brown , stagnant water of the rice paddy . +e of + ee of x % * ee ro 63 64 65 everyone freeze except sarah , who lunge forward into 38 . the brackish water . the troopers prepare to fire on she but be call off by tint , who coldly stare at sarah , who now cradle the hysterical child in she tremble arm . at wit end , sarah break down and sink to she knee in mud . CUT to : ext . - snake village , longboat - night 63 the river be calm and abandon . the sound of the '' snake show '' be perform in the small thatched area drift out into the night . we see rambo 's longboat moor among the other boat . the moon hang low in the cloudless night ... lose deep in think , he sit freeze in think as he shadow cast across the boat 's deck . CUT to : ext . - jungle - one week later - morning 64 a beautiful sunrise expose the grandeur of the dense jungle landscape . the terrain be thriving with forest sound . CUT to : ext . - burmese army compound - morning 65 the jungle 's growth give way to a military bivouac set into the green terrain . soldier be see wash themselves outdoors ina crudely construct sanitation area ... in the guard tower , a young soldier keep lookout a group of very young conscripted ( 12 to 14 year old ) soldier still partially dress in they civilian clothes be be harshly instruct in military subordination as they be line up in single file . the instructor slap one of the recruit . michael burnett and the other three remain male Americans be pin against embed pole with they arm tie painfully above they head . they face have be beat . ee ro 66 67 68 39 . two bamboo TIGER cage house five badly abuse burmese woman . they tatter clothes and debauch expression speak volume . two soldier exit tint 's hut drag sarah who 's * obviously be sexually assault . she be lead by a hemp rope tie like a collar around she neck . she be throw into a TIGER cage beside the Major 's * hut . the american man , except for michael stare in numb disbelief that this nightmare be happen . only michael yell out a stream of defiant curse . a moment later , the major step into view . frame in he doorway , he glare at the miserable Americans , while buttone up he shirt . * ext . - mae sa snake farm - day 66 rambo and he man be off-load several sack of freshly capture snake . he be approach by the two plain - clothed thai men previously see with bumgardener . they converse * and rambo sigh in exasperation . CUT to : ext . - duke 's restaurant - day 67 the american Restaurant be in a fairly active vicinity of the city . bumgardener ( 0.s . ) * rightfully reverend marsh be upset likewise he congregation , that fellow of they church group have go miss . CUT to : int . - duke 's - day 68 ed bumgardener , the hard - bitten , late 50 's * official of the '' overseas american activity Bureau , '' sit at he table . his two thai CO - worker sit at a table nearby nursing a bottle of Coke . bumgardener ( 0.s . ) - even though they cross the border illegally . a nervous look , prematurely - age 55 year - old minister from Colorado name arthur marsh be on the other side of the table . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) but you know all that , right ? bumgardener drink a pepsi through a straw and stare across at rambo who stand in a doorway . rambo break taunt eye contact with bumgardener and glance at reverend arthur marsh . arthur ( flustered ) a humanitarian mission be not trespasp . rambo nod he acknowledgement . arthur ( cont ’d ) and they never come back . they have just disappear . bumgardener ... that happen when you go where you do not belong . arthur ( gather himself ) but it should not happen - not just to people from my congregation , but any organization volunteering they time . bumgardener ( to rambo ) order something . rib , fries , it 's the only american food in the country , we safe harbor . go ahead , order , it 's nice to eat something that 's not look back at you for a change . bumgardener glance at rambo who stare out the window , he mind racing . 40 . +e of ee ff 41 . arthur ( flustered ) I have request help from the embassy , from international aid group , and they all say I need more proof there be a actual abduction . bumgardener that 's because they be not abduct , they be not kidnap , they be take prisoner , because they be someplace they should not have be . arthur can we finish this conversation at you office ? bumgardener this be my office . ( tap he temple ) it go where I go - sittin 's across a desk will not make this feel anymore official . rambo why be I here ? bumgardener we will get there . arthur ( exasperate ) we have get donation from we member and I have even mortgage my home just to get here - we people need to come home and I feel responsible because I should have be with they . I believe they be all alive , and I be not leave without they . bumgardener face rambo . bumgardener ( to rambo ) I tell he to expect no ' official 's help from the local or U.S. ( more ) government back home ' cause no matter how 42 . ya spin it , t , i and all group nak angeungarbenerg chr : ssing can not be support for any reason - people should not be look through other people 's ' garbage and not expect to get bit by thing live in there ... anyone want anything ? dessert maybe ? arthur shake he head ' no . 's bumgardener ( cont ’d ) no , fine , more for I . ( he motion for the waiter to bring he over he specialty , carrot cake ) anyway , the reverend 's group have make contact with the k.n.l.a. rebel - arthur they be not rebel - bumgardener ( angere ) anybody who oppose a preside government - ( the cake 's place in front of he ) arthur - a illegal government , they be freedom fighter . bumgardener ( to waiter ) wrap it up , I will have it tonight . ( tensely to rambo ) officially we be not involved here , officially I have like to kick this matter upstairs , but there be no '' upstairs , '' '' upstairs '' have more important issue to deal with , so in my lap this gift be drop . a guide from the Karen ' freedom fighter 's will do a '' meet and greet , '' they know he people be be hold . now to why you be here . the overland route be too hot so it 's river travel again . ( pause to drink ) you 'il be take five ' free-lancers 's along , five 's the max because the reverend 's budget can not handle more than five man for 24 hour . ee ro ee ro he Fe HH HH HH HH HH of 43. rambo what man ? bumgardener I have arrange for five local merc who have ' in country 's experience at handle clandestine op to lead the parade - so the sooner you ship off the sooner we can end this . he sip he drink and eye rambo . arthur it 'il end when they be back at home - bumgardener ( sharply ) you should not give ultimatum ; it 's bad manners - you be over there , we be over here . ' there 's do not give ultimatum to ‘here . 's ( to rambo ) the trouble be this '' cherries 's come over here and believe the whole world work like they ' neighborhood . 's we have get ' difference 's here . we work here to keep everything ' balanced . 's arthur this conversation be not necessary . bumgardener it be , I live it every day , you do not , so here 's the rule of the '' jungle '' reverend . they do not bother we , we do not bother they . you know what people get by stick they nose into other people 's life ? they either get extremely fuck up or they get definitively dead . + ee or +e ee of +e of * x the HH HH of rambo rise and abruptly exit . bumgardener also rise and with brewing agitation , drop the empty bottle into the trash can which resound loudly in the metal receptacle as he exit . CUT to : 44 . ext . - duke 's - day 69 River 's at the entrance . bumgardener leave and I 'il have you coolin’ you ass in a cell ! bumgardener approach . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) I tell you the first time to take a pass , ya do not , now you be in it . rambo I be in nothin’ . bumgardener sure you be . rambo glare at he . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) and what 's you problem ? a old war dog like you should welcome the rush , I would , but I be stick here pickin’ up other people 's shit , so enjoy the trip but here 's the other side of this coin you do not have to do a damn thing , it 's almost a free country , but turn you back , you better pack you stuff and shred the passport ' cause you be out of this place on the first thing move , this I promise . rambo start to move away - bumgardener stop he - rambo seize he hand firmly . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) Nice grip - try a little harder maybe you can break it - ( get almost nose to nose with rambo ) uptight son of a bitch , be not ya ? you can drop the 1000 yard stare , I have see it before . another cruise upstream get ya think ... afraid of open ' that 's door ? you open it when you waste that dirt bag up river - ( rambo 's take aback ) ( more ) ee ee ee x % he fh hf 70 71 there 's no secret anymore , I tell you 45 . that before . piywgardener ( cont'd ) rambo release he hand . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) but what be you even thinkin’ about it for ? jump on this , get back in the game , I would if I could . but if ya wanna keep pretendin’ you be one of the '' civilized , '' fine , you do not put '' knuckle on the ground , '' just sail the merc up - river , so they can bring what 's leave of he flock back home . and get this God squader , and the ' boy 's upstairs off my back . ( half serious ) I have just about hit the wall deal with low level crap , it 's beneath I , so do not be the one to push I over the edge , I be get overly sensitive by the hour . you get two second to think about it . rambo if I go , it 's ' cause I wanna go . bumgardener smile . he like rambo in spite of himself . rambo exit . bumgardener ... sure soldier . sure . CUT to : ext . - junkyard - dusk 70 rambo be search through a pile of scrap metal until he come across a piece of spring steel belong to a old piece of cut suspension . CUT to : ext . - SMALL foundry - night 71 two grimy thai worker smoke and watch rambo remold a piece of spring steel that be glow red from a small , crude furnace . place the steel on a anvil , he begin to pound away . ( dissolve to : ) wide shot : the forge be still glow as rambo continue to pound away . the steel be be reshape as a knife . he Fe hf the ee Fe hof 72 73 74 as the metal cool , he shove the blackened blade back 46 . into the furnace . ( dissolve to : ) blade : the knife be be fashioned into a brutal look instrument that resemble half knife , half cleaver . bead of sweat pour down rambo 's face , as he continue to forge the blade . ( dissolve to : ) the steaming blade be remove from a 50 gallon drum fill with grimy water . it 's shape be unique and deadly . place the blade in a vice , rambo begin to drag a file across it 's cut edge . CUT to : ext . - STREET - dawn 72 the sun be beginning to rise on the neighborhood housing the forge . CUT to : int . - forge - dawn 73 rambo be wrapping the reinforce handle with black sticky tape ... the thais be asleep . rambo complete the job and hold the knife up for inspection . see a stocky shaft of bamboo , he whip the blade across the wood , cleanly sever the shaft . CUT to : ext . - river - dawn 74 rambo 's longboat create a wide wake on the brownish river . rambo be at the helm . his crew , the two thai snake hunter be extremely anxious . situated in the rear portion of the boat be five mercenary . they be diaz ( 38 ) , panamanian , tan , easy - go , love to battle . lewis ( 35 - 40 ) , british , and former s.a.s. commando . Big and intimidating . school boy ( 22 - 25 ) - the youngest of the lot . six foot tall , lanky , mysterious and strong enough to carry half he body weight in ammo , a crack sniper . the eye behind he glass be a mixture of animal cun and technical intelligence . reese ( 30 ) - Black , nickname '' the iceman , '' tough as nail , three tour in Iraq . en - joo ( 28-30 ) - japanese . lewis be hold court with the other professional . they laugh amongst themselves . school boy , the youngest of the group sit alone , oiling up he sniper rifle . stare out at all the endless landscape , arthur sidle up to rambo . rambo stare straight ahead . arthur how much longer do you think it be ? rambo few more hour . arthur thank you . he start to walk off . rambo how long 's Sarah be with you church ? arthur about eight year , why ? rambo she have a good life back home ? arthur yes , I have call it good - she have a fine job with the city , a successful fiance who 's a attorney for a large insurance company - very supportive . rambo that right ? arthur yes , I have say that . 47 . 48. rambo why be not he here ? * arthur ( confuse ) he 's here in spirit and help financially . rambo ( low ) * ».. yeah . arthur feel rambo 's aloofness and move off . diaz move in . lewis the guy always preachin’ somethin’ - a pain in the ass . you goin’ full out ? the quick in , the quick we be back , know what I be sayin 's ? you hunt snake up this way ? rambo nod . lewis ( cont 'd ) whatever ya hunt they for . * ( glance around ) * do not look like there 's much money in it . * reese a lotta fool get bit in this country - ever get nail ? one of they cobra 's * ever get a hold of you ? * rambo once. reese an’ what happen ? lewis ( call out ) snake die of boredom ! * ( walk off ) rambo ignore the joke at he expense and motion for one of the thai snake hunter to take the helm . he move to the bow of the boat and survey the river ahead . off to the side be school boy , who be meticulously 49 . clean he large sniper rifle . rambo study the impressive weapon . school boy ( cool and modest ) how ya doin 's ? my name 's Kyle , but they call I ' School Boy . 's it 's a name they stick I with a few year back in sniper school . rambo ' School Boy ? 's school boy yeah , I know I be pass it but my mate will not stop callin’ I it no matter how many people I shoot . rambo ».. yeah ? school boy ever see a weapon like this ? rambo - no . school boy there 's not many around - maybe a few deploy out there in the n.a.t.o. special ops community . rambo eye the terrain . school boy keep polish . school boy ( cont ’d ) it fire a 408 , 419 grain projectile over 3000 yard . New technology it blow the old 50 cal sniper rifle away . on a good day I can place the info in here . ( point to a small palm size computer ) windage , elevation , slant angle , air temp , throw in a little correction for muzzle velocity , and barrel twist rate and a good shooter can make head shot at 2500 yard . engage the enemy at a distance great than they can engage you , and you will live to a ripe old age . rambo nod and keep stare straight ahead . * +e ee of * eee x + ee of ee 75 76 50 . rambo sound about right . school boy you ever in the Army ? rambo - no . the boat turn round the bend and reveal the pirate 's boat which be burn and half submerge on the opposite bank . arthur what happen there ? lewis somebody fuck with somebody , I have say . ( dissolve ) ext . - river 's shore - afternoon 75 a wide shot of the longboat as it drift close to shore . ext . - riverbank - afternoon 76 rambo maneuver the boat close to the river bank . the snake hunter lower a wooden plank as a small 25 year - old karen guide appear from the dense growth . his name be myint . beside he be a boy no more than 10 . rambo watch as the mercenary begin to disembark . lewis that the guide ? that 's all the body the rebel be put up , one man and a bloody kid . shit we be off on a good foot , whatta ya think ? reese I be not likin 's it . diaz what ? reese I be just not likin 's it . 77 51 . lose in think , rambo direct one of the snake hunter * to drop the mud anchor . arthur and the mercenary approach the karen guide and boy . arthur I be reverend marsh - we have contact you through the '' free burma ranger . '' myint ( nod ) yes , my name be myint , this be tha . * reese eye the little guide hold a thirty - year - old a.k. 47 , and look sceptical . reese you all they send ? myint * yes . * reese * I be expect more back up . * myint * many man need to help move village , I know where you need go . CUT to : ext . - shoreline - day 77 rambo pull up the mud anchor . the engine turn over . ... the boat begin to drift away . mercenary stand with myint the guide and the kid as they secure they gear . lewis the kid , what 's up with that ? myint he with I - good tracker . diaz * why you need a tracker ? * reese you know the exact location , right ? 52 . myint ten kilometer west , two north . lewis we wanna get there by dark - do not need to be humpin’ through this shit at night . diaz how many soldier they get in this place ? karen guide hundre , maybe not so many - more soldier , new soldier come tomorrow . reese more ? he say a hundred now ? diaz yeah . arthur please , let 's go then . myint ( move ) we go now - we good 5 - 6 hour . lewis wait up ! ( to arthur ) let 's get this all straight - we do not come here to engage nobody , so if we can extract you people , we will , but no fire fight , either it 's in and out clean , or nothing . lewis turn in mid-sentence to see . rambo jump off the boat and wading to shore . diaz what 's he doin 's ? lewis ( towards rambo ) hey , what be ya doin 's ? we forget somethin’ ? reese let 's get movin 's - x % 53 . lewis why ya here ? somethin’ wrong ? rambo walk over to the man . he have he knife hang from he belt and a longish black pouch that contain he collapsible bow and arrow . his newly make knife be in a old sheath with the tip cut off to make room for the new knife 's broad tip . lewis ( cont 'd ) hold up . ( to rambo ) what be ya doin 's ? you be suppose to be wait with the boat , right ? rambo it 'il be nearby . reese where ? rambo in a tributary - lewis you job 's watchin’ the boat , you be the boat man . rambo my friend 's 1l stay with it . it ’1ll be alright . diaz how we know that ? lewis I mean , what be you doin 's ? this be not a fuckin’ nature hike - rambo I will not slow you down . lewis maybe , but I like knowin’ a white man 's waitin’ on the boat , not some dink . ( rambo tense ) en - joo eye lewis . en - joo enough talk - let 's fuckin’ move . 78 79 54 . arthur yes let 's go , can we ? reese let ' im walk with Arthur in the back - keep you ass up , ' cause nobody 's waitin’ for nobody . lewis believe that . rambo remain silent as the group move off . school boy Lewis be alright - just a few personal problem - he 's not well - adjust like I . school boy gesture to come along which rambo do . ext . - swamp - day 78 the rain have stop and the group move along the edge of a swamp . several wild buffalo which appear as if melting away , glare at they as they pass . the man prepare to shoot if necessary . the karen guide myint , speak . lewis be very tense . his eye be wide with anticipation . karen guide ... do not look - they charge . reese hear that sound ? diaz what sound ? reese Lewis 's ass slammin’ shut . lewis fuck the buffalo and you too . ext . - jungle - late afternoon 79 the group pass a large hut that lay rotting in the jungle . above they shrill monkey leap from branch to branch , angere by the intruder . rambo be keenly observe the terrain . + ee of 80 81 55 . ... in the distance a group of ten weary Karen refugee trudge towards the border ... en-jo0o who be they ? myint ... they try to go to Thailand . ext . - river - day 80 deep in the forest , the mercenary cross along the river that emanate from a large waterfall . ext . - jungle cave - late afternoon 81 the group pass a series of cave with tarp and palm branch cover the entrance . the guide myint , point to a large rock face . in the crevice be three family of displace karen . the people be filthy and exhaust . they duck inside as the man pass . myint many people hide here - too tired to walk no more . lewis that 's they problem . arthur you should not say that . reese you pay for he time not he mind . school boy ( low ) ... what mind . lewis I hear that , School butt . diaz smile . rambo study the cave as he pass as if make a mental blueprint . 82 83 84 56 . ext . - jungle - afternoon 82 the group glisten under river of sweat as they trudge through the incredible humidity . they pass around the huge rusted structure . lewis for fuck 's sake . it be the 12,000 pound 24 foot long , tall boy bomb use by the british in 1944 . reese what 's that piece of shit doin’ here ? myint ( step around the bomb ) ... very old - never explode - call '' tall Boy . '' lewis I can see that . myint they drop by English on japanese when they fight here . lewis ( eyeing the monster ) get we a History major . myint stay off trail , many mine on both side . rambo note the huge bomb as he pass . ext . - forest line - afternoon 83 the group emerge from the tree line and see several rice paddy below . they head in that direction . ext . - rice paddy - afternoon 84 they cross the dike of a rice paddy . 85 57 . myint look down - mine everywhere - ( point ) you people take over there . school boy ... check it out . lewis and reese turn and see a tear boat with a rotting foot still in it . they look down and see a bloat , deteriorate body of 3 karen peasant float in the brackish water ... it start to lightly rain ... the young boy look on , expressionless . ext . - village - afternoon ( rice paddy ) 85 remnant of a half - dozen hut be still visible . 90 percent of the place be just scorched earth . everyone be on high alert as they spread out scan the area in every direction for possible sniper . look through he scope school boy see a vision that make he blood run cold . school boy shit ... it be two karen men and a woman hang from a tree . two by the neck , one by the foot . scan the area he see two head impale on a bamboo pole . reese ( low ) I have see some shit , but I never see nothin’ like this . lewis ... Hell no . as they cautiously approach the impale head , the rain increase . arthur this be beyond anything I ever think - it 's horrible . what happen ? eee * 58 . myint Army come , kill everything . leave all this to say '' no come back . '' they come across the male karen villager that be crucify on the ground . they cover they nose from the stench . myint speak to the young boy , who nod and take off . myint ( cont ’d ) ... send he back - not to see . arthur no one should see this ! should we bury they ? it 's the right thing . lewis I be not a grave digger for stranger . diaz it 's right to do ! lewis then do it ! the man approach the dead and rotting karen . myint mine everywhere ' round dead , we can not bury now . do not go near . off to the side , arthur be silently praying for the dead . arthur we should go on since there 's nothing we can do here . rambo stay back and keep a train eye on the surrounding landscape . bloat dog and cattle lie rotting in the sun . Wild rooster roam the kill zone . reese go on ? arthur yes - rambo glance into a burnt hut and see blacken bone . reese go on to what ? they even kill the fuckin’ dog ! nobody 's alive after this ! * +e of 59 . arthur we do not know that ! reese I know it . arthur you at least have to have a look ! en - joo I think they be all dead . arthur at least you have to do that ! how much further ? myint Three kilometer . arthur you have to try and get they . lewis we do not have to do shit . diaz - this be not part of the plan - reese man tell we there be a '' few '' burmese not no hundred strong . rambo ( override ) you take the man 's money . lewis hey , this be none of you fuckin’ business , you should not even be here ! ( to Arthur ) we get there an’ see what 's what - ( to group ) if it 's not lookin’ right , anything be off , we fuck off . in the distance we hear the sound of a approach military truck . myint Army ! go !! go !! another angle ee ek * 86 87 60 . lewis and the other scramble to see over as the truck come into view . rambo duck into a safe spot . arthur be eye be as wide as saucer . reese be beside he , cradling he weapon . reese hold it together . ext . - army truck 86 the truck stop and four soldier get out lead five karen prisoner . they shove they to the edge of the mine rice paddy . ext . - tree line - afternoon 87 arthur and the mercenary observe as the karen prisoner be shove forward and kick to they knee . rambo unsling the pouch from he shoulder and remove he compact bow . the soldier loudly debate and money be wave , indicate a bet be be wagere . the mercenary watch in dismay as the prisoner be shove into the murky water . rambo now commence to snap the black combat arrow together . the doom prisoner beg for they life . a soldier smack one and the other prisoner foot be shot at . they be pull upright and order to run . terrify , they do . the mercenary watch the brutal sight . arthur can not we do something ?! lewis what happen when that ass hole do not come back ? arthur something have - 61 . lewis ( grab he face ) - shut up ! the prisoner be run for they life . they eye bulge in terror know each step could be they last . the murky water splashes up into they face as they reach the middle of the rice paddy . the soldier loudly goad they on . gliding stealthfully through the tree line , rambo focus on the soldier as though he be a lion , and they , intend prey . arthur and the mercenary watch this drama unfold . miraculously , the karen prisoner arrive at the opposite side of the lethal rice paddy . exhausted , they be barely able to breathe . rambo have move within kill range . the soldier angrily pay off a bet - then loudly insist on make another bet . once do the soldier yell for the racers to rise and run back the other way . the soldier fire shot and one karen prisoner weakly muster the strength to defiantly face the infuriate soldier . he drop to the muddy ground and begin to pray . without remove he eye from the intend target , rambo place the arrow on the taunt bow string and slowly draw it back . the incense soldier jam the muzzle of he rifle against the prisoner 's head and prepare to pull the trigger suddenly a hissing SOUND be hear and a black arrow penetrate the soldier 's back and protrude from he chest . the second soldier be attempt to un - shoulder he rifle when another arrow fatally bury itself through he body . the third soldier be almost kill simultaneously . the FOURTH soldier try to get to he rifle , but can not and run . rambo bury a arrow in he back . the soldier stagger forward and step into the rice paddy . with he last die breath he turn and curse rambo , who let another arrow go , which sink into the defiant soldier 's chest . he fall forward and collapse on a land mine . his 88 shattered body be blow upwards then crash to the mud@y - earth . the stunne mercenary rise from they cover . lewis ( cont ’d ) ( be : rambo ) what the fuck be that ? arthur step out into the open , aghast at what he 's witness . ext . - rice paddy - late day rambo 's remove the arrow from the soldier 's body as the mercenary dash over . reese yeah , who the fuck be you ? he ignore lewis and the awe strike mercenary and address the karen guide . rambo ( in thai ) how long before they go miss ? karen guide ( in thai ) Three hour - four hour . reese where have you learn that shit ? rambo you be ready to move ? lewis '' move ! ? '' move to what ? reese ( to body ) when this motherfucker do not show up they be gonna hunt we ass down an’ we be gonna be layin’ down here all fuck up - I do not know about nobody else , but I get family , I get people worth stayin 's alive for , that need my ass . 88 + ee ro 63 . lewis we be do - we be outta here , let 's get back to the boat , let 's go !! C ’mon , we do not need this shit - rambo if you take a man 's money , a good man keep he word . lewis ' good man ? 's keep fuckin’ with I , I swear on my kid 's eye , I x11 kill ya ! rambo draw back he bow . the arrow tip be inch from lewis 's face . lewis ( cont ’d ) what you doin , 's man ? what ya doin 's ? rambo ever kill anything up close ? ever kill anything at all ? school boy anyone who leave be gutless , we have be in deep before . ( face rambo ) I be in . rambo lower the bow and move towards the Karen prisoner . school boy ( cont ’d ) so what 's you call ? rambo we be gettin’ into that compound . school boy how ? rambo ( gesture to the dead soldier ) ... Strip ‘em and sink ‘em . rambo and school boy go to the fall soldier and begin to unbutton they uniform ... after a moment of contemplation reese step forward to help diaz follow by en - joo . lewis start to walk away , reconsider then reluctantly approach the other mercenary . * +e ee of 89 90 91 92 64 . ext . - jungle - night - foggy 89 several shot show the intimidating misty landscape . jungle sound fill the night . ext . - army barracks - night - foggy 90 situated in a clear in the forest be a Army compound of sort . it 's not you normal compound . it 's more of a bivouac area with tent and large thatched hut , guard bamboo cage . karen prisoner reside in several of this cage . ext . - major tint 's residence - night 91 this be a large hut with a small bamboo cage several foot from its entrance . the few light see be mostly kerosene operate and the electric light for the guard tower be light by a antique generator . in the bamboo cage beside tint be hut be sarah . she appear draw and absolutely spiritless . her face reveal bruise . a pair of listless guard smoke cigarettes and chat in front of another cage hold several more female karen prisoner ... a dishevel guard approach , drag a physically exhaust young karen woman . he open the cage and heave she in . one of the seated guard flick he cigarette at the woman , then grab another young karen women from the cage . she plead for mercy . the soldier roughly seize she and shove she into a shadowy hut . ext . - jungle compound - night 92 headlights belong to the military truck cut through hazy darkness . it pause at the compound 's entrance . a single guard lazily step forward and wave the truck through . 93 94 95 96 65 . myint , the karen guide and one of the karen prisoner be in the front seat of the truck they be wear the dead soldier 's uniform . in the rear bed of the truck be rambo and the mercenary . ext . - jungle - night 93 watch from a nearby elevate outcropping be arthur . ext . - compound - night 94 the mercenary camouflaged painted face drift in and out of the shadow as the truck travel deeper into the compound . as the vehicle slowly rumble long , the mercenary drop out one by one and immediately duck into protective area . the man spread out and begin search . ext . - jungle - night 95 arthur observe the headlight of the truck down below . he can barely hide he mount anxiety . ext . - compound - night 96 diaz peer through the bamboo bar of a empty cage and study a guard pass by . lewis and reese dash behind a thatched hut . they alert eye search for the missionary . rambo see faint light emanate through the slat of the hootch . he gaze inside . a soldier be read . by the glow of a small lantern inside a bamboo hootch , diaz see three soldier play a card game . one of the soldier be no more than 15 year old ... diaz move away . lewis and reese arrive at the cage occupy by four karen women . 97 98 99 66 . in the moonlight rambo see the outline of a man propped up on a thick bamboo pole like a scarecrow in a pig pen . several pig grunt as they congregate at the base of the pole situate in the center of the pen . stare into the darkness rambo see the bottom half of a man that have be mutilated and partially eat . the dead man be michael burnett , the head american missionary . school boy dodge a pair of young soldier lead a terrify woman into a hootch ... jumping back , he sink to he knee and spot several pair of dead man 's foot line up in a row . rambo move away to the pig pen towards tint be hut . school boy crawl to the trio of dead man . we see the decease face of three male missionaries . they throat have be cut . ext . - jungle - night 97 arthur attempt to move closer to improve he visual vantage point . he stumble forward and tumble onto a sharpen row of punji stick hide in the undergrowth that bury itself deeply into he thigh . he nearly yell out in pain , but instinctively cup a hand over he mouth . upon closer inspection , we see there be numerous punji stick line up like a deadly picket fence . ext . - compound 98 the guard nearest the sound of arthur 's muffle cry , freeze . he wait to hear more . silence . ext . - compound - tint's hut 99 rambo approach tint 's lodging . tint watch a V.H.S. show ( subtitle episode of '' Miami vice '' ) on a twenty - year old t.v. he drink and smoke . +e eh of 100 101 102 67 . two officer in they t-shirt sit nearby also watch the show . CUT to : sarah lies curl in the bamboo ' Tiger cage . 's the ambient light from the hut reveal she facial contour . CUT to : ext . - jungle - night 100 arthur take off he belt and attempt to stem the flow of blood from the nasty wound . ext . - comopound 101 the guard be on full alert as he strain to hear . a second guard approach . #2 guard what be it ? #1 guard do not know - the second guard , who be in fact myint , the karen guide , move beside he and strike with the speed of a snake , cover the # 1 Guard 's mouth while simultaneously plunging a knife into he heart . lower the dead guard , myint go to the imprison woman and open they cage . the karen guide look around for the other mercenary , see none , he follow the woman . they angle they tiny body through the punji stick fence . ext . - compound 102 arthur have stem the blood flow with he belt . though in agonizing pain he manage to rise as he observe the dark compound below . 103 104 105 68. ext . - compound 103 school boy meet up with lewis and reese . school boy ( gesture ) found three dead white guy - reese that 's they - lewis we be out of here - school boy - what about the other ? reese move off with lewis , leave school boy hang in mid-sentence . ext . - compound 104 rambo move to the hootch belong to tint . he spot what could be sarah curl in a bamboo cage . he study she sleep face . ext . - compound 105 en - joo be conceal behind a hut when he notice lewis and reese move cautiously towards the entrance . he follow . lewis and reese creep up on the half - doze gate guard . they glance up at the guard tower , which be dark except for the outline of a guard . a red ember glow from he cigarette . they see en - joo and motion to he . with deadly calm en - joo stalk the guard then strangle he with a garotte . as the guard struggle for he life , en-j0o drag he to the ground . lewis , reese and en - joo take this opportunity to make they escape . lewis motion like he 's go to follow after reese and en - joo , but have a change of heart and back track into the compound . reese and en - joo be stunne by this , but continue to beat a hasty retreat . + ee of 106 107 108 109 110 141 69 . the gate guard 's replacement , listlessly prepare to take up he watch . he call out for he fellow soldier . no response ... ext . - jungle 106 en - joo and reese hoof it to the crest and bolt into the jungle . ext . - compound gate - night 107 the burmese guard flick on a flashlight and scan the empty cage and raise a whistle to he lip . CUT to : ext . - compound - sarah 's cage 108 rambo be about to open the cage when the whistle jolt he upright . sarah stir in the cage . open she eye , rambo be go . int./ ext . - compound - tint 's hut 109 the shrill blast be strong enough to hear over the tape play in tint be hootch . he and he fellow officer rise . ext . - compound - tint 's hut 110 rambo stand in the shadow behind tint 's hut , as the man charge out the front entrance . the soldier emerge weapon draw . they stand rivete to the voice of tint who yell for a status report . one soldier rush forward bellow that prisoner be miss and a guard be dead . CUT to : ext . - compound perimeter - night 114 school boy duck in the shadow . the compound be alive with angry troops . 112 he attempt to angle past the punji stick fence . 70 . he succeed and barrel up the hill into the jungle . ext . - jungle 112 school boy rush toward the locale where arthur remain half hide . as school boy approach a terrify arthur nearly jump from the concealment . wire , school boy almost mistakenly shoot he . arthur find anyone ?! school boy they be all dead - arthur - they can not be . school boy - C ’mon , we gotta move ! arthur maybe you be wrong - where 's everyone else !? school boy they be dead ! - let 's go !! ( he pull at Arthur ) arthur ( pull free ) you could be wrong !! school boy ( powerfully seize he shirt ) I be not wrong ; let 's go ! arthur struggle violently and they both tumble . school boy pin he . school boy ( cont ’d ) they be god damn dead ! arthur again struggle with all he might and school boy release he . 113 114 115 116 71 . arthur * ( rise ) * you could be wrong ! you have to be * wrong ! * school boy realize it 's hopeless and take off . * ext . - compound 113 diaz attempt to make a escape from the back of the compound . a tower guard 's light nearly catch he in its beam . troops be rush from both side , but diaz escape detection by diving under the hut . fourty - five soldier , armed with weapon and hand - * hold light , pour out of the gate . twenty other soldier pile into the truck . rambo , hide beneath a hut observe this and calculate he next move . tint climb into a open- top Army vehicle . on the back be a .50 cal. Machine gun . the vehicle speed away . the truck be approach the gate , rambo seize the exact moment to roll from under the hut , and duck into the shadow . bounce headlight from the Jeep and army transport truck be see pass below . ext . - jungle - night 114 on higher ground , arthur seek shelter among rotted tree stump as the troops approach . ext . - jungle - night 115 a search party of ten burmese troops spread out and walk in a parallel line towards arthur . * ext . - jungle - night 116 the two mercenary rush though the jungle ... 117 118 119 120 72 . reese * this way ! ext . - jungle road 117 the troop truck continue to drop off troops who chase after the panicked mercenary . a pair of search dog and they handlers also jump down from the troop truck . ext . - jungle - stream 118 the karen women prisoner be run as fast as they can up the shore of the shallow stream . three soldier appear * and see they . they aim they weapon . * suddenly myint appear from behind a tree and cut the * unsuspecting soldier down . once do he sprint after * the woman . * ext . - jungle - wide shot 119 arthur fight he tremor while curl beneath rotting log . the stalking guard quickly move past . ext . - jungle path - night 120 the two mercenary be rip through the lower level growth near the rice paddy . from several hundred yard behind they two red flare burst high in the air turn the area crimson . enemy shot ring out and tracers pierce the night . the mercenary flee toward the foliage at the other side of the rice paddy . * as they continue to flee , en - joo fall into a pit - trap that be load with deadly punji stick . he scream in agony . reese have to make a life or death decision . he reach down into the pit where en - joo 's leg and foot have be impale . +e ee of en - joo go - go - save yourself ! x 124 122 123 124 they sprint off . ext . - compound - night a pair of agitate guard continue to comb the area around the empty tiger cage . as the beam of the guard 's flashlight move past rambo 's fleeting image be see pass behind he ; CUT to : ext . - compound - under hut - night diaz be suspend in the support beam beneath a hut . after a burmese soldier flash he light underneath the hut , diaz drop down and plot he next move . ext . - compound - night a backlit image of a guard move past tint be hut . he flash he beam into the bamboo cage that have be situate directly beside tint be hut . the beam reveal sarah . ext . - jungle - night 73. 124 122 123 124 the marshy bank on the opposite side of the rice paddy appear calm as the rush troopers prepare to enter . a * light fog obscure the view . suddenly a grenade be toss at the soldier . it erupt and two be blast away . situated on a 90 degree angle , reese and en - joo on he bleed knee , unleash a tremendous amount of fire power and four troops be kill . ten soldier fire back and unleash a tremendous amount of fire power . tracer FIRE light up the horrible carnage . in the first two second en - joo be hit . reese fire back with he grenade gun . reese get hit in the neck , then in the body . wailing in agony , he fire back . x ee ro 125 126 127 128 129 74 . bellow like a enraged beast , en - joo try to rise to one knee , fire wildly until enemy bullet riddle he flesh . reese be die but , in a valiant effort , rise to one knee , and pull the pin on a grenade , but it slip from he bloody hand and he collapse on top of the explosive which blow he body several foot in the air . CUT to : ext . - fuel dump 125 rambo slide up to a stack of fifty hundred - gallon drum of gasoline . he open the tap on several of they , then slip away . int . - compound - night 126 lewis be see move along the inside of the compound . ext . - weapon tent 127 creep through the shadow , rambo flip back a canvas and reveal many case of munition , c-4 explosive , and grenade . he quickly slip grenade into he fatigue pocket . ext . - jungle road - night 128 the trooper carrier slow down to pick up the successful soldier as they prepare to return to the compound . ext . - compound 129 rambo move through the compound , slip silently past several guard who have seek shelter from the rain beneath hut overhang . rambo move past the body of michael burnett tie to a pole in the pig pen . 130 75 . int . - compound 130 sarah nearly suffer cardiac arrest when startle by a big hand slide between the bamboo bar and cover she mouth . she 's pull so close she * can not see who 's grab she , but feel he warm * breath beside she ear . * rambo ( whisper ) ... it 's alright , Sarah , it 's alright . * he gently release she and she find herself stare bewilder into rambo 's eye . * rambo ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) I 'il get you out , I promise . * open the cage , he cut the abrasive rope that bind she hand and she slump against he chest in relief and gratitude . rambo hear footstep ! knife still in hand , he jump back and duck beside the hut just asa soldier turn the corner . the soldier flash he light . sarah be catch in the dimming beam that cut through the light rain . just before the alert soldier move on , he quickly turn back and notice the cage door be ajar . he prepare to blow he whistle when a throwing knife slice through the rain and bury itself in he chest . the soldier crumble and rambo quickly drag the body beside the hut . rambo return to the cage and prepare to remove the shell - shocked woman , when suddenly he be alert by the sound of the transport truck and tint be vehicle travel past swinging the gate . rambo ( cont ’d ) ( whisper in she ear ) ... you have to stay in there . sarah ( low ) * ... no . do not go . please do not leave I ! * please ! * 76 . confused , she try to exit . he hold she back . rambo I will not leave - promise . rambo move away and slide under tint be hootch . a second later diaz slide under . startle , rambo nearly impale he . diaz belly crawl beside he . peer out from beneath the porch , they see soldier boot tramping through the mud . rambo motion for he to be silent . as the truck grind past , we see the bullet - riddled body of en - joo and reese . rambo and diaz stare at the gruesome display . rambo 's eye reveal nothing . diaz lower he head into the moist earth , realize he 's soon a dead man too . sarah look on in horror . cover she eye , she slump to the cage floor . it pass a hut under which lewis be hide . he close he eye , know that could be he fate too . tint 's vehicle pull up next to he hut . he stride to the cage hold sarah . ripping open the door he snatch she hair , and slam she head up against the bamboo bar , all the while cursing in burmese . though only foot away , rambo and diaz be powerless to act because of the close proximity of the other soldier . tint yank she from the cage and Sarah be heave to the wretch mud . she suddenly bolt upright and flail at he . in she weaken state , she be viciously heave to the ground . tint and place a boot on she throat , as if to say , '' where be you fuck God now ?!! '' rambo can barely contain himself . he’s never wanted to kill anything so badly . tint grab she by a hemp rope around she neck and yank she upright . 131 132 77 . the splattering rain create rivet of mud that trail down she proud feature . her expression be one of a calm resolve . sarah ... you can kill the outside - only that . tint tighten the rope and yell for two soldier stand nearby to come forward . tint ( in burmese ) your - take she ! the two soldier rush forward and drag sarah away . rambo and diaz belly - crawl under the line of hut until they arrive at the locale where Sarah be be hold . rambo cover I . soldier # 1 shove sarah onto he cot . with a grow sense of menace he pull off he soak shirt . the other soldier tighten the rope around she neck . sarah still fight back . rambo prepare to enter and thoroughly kill they , but a rifle shot break the momentum . outside , diaz crane he head around the corner towards the shot . CUT to : ext . - compound 131 lewis watch soldier run past while he stay hide . CUT to : ext . - compound - front gate - night 132 in the fade rain we see a surreal vision of arthur meekly step towards the gather soldier . 133 134 78. arthur ( softly ) - I surrender - can we talk , please ? I surrender . CUT to : int. / ext . - hut 133 pull on he shirt , soldier # 1 step onto the front porch , then head toward the commotion . # 2 follow . officer # 2 step back in and see sarah tie on the bed , decide to take advantage of this moment he approach the bed and stare down at sarah , who 's terrify eye travel from the soldier to something stand behind he . he turn , it 's rambo . now face to face with the angel of death , the soldier do not have a second to respond before the bridge of he nose be break and shove up into he brain . rambo pull sarah to she foot then drag the body out . the body land near diaz who 's eye be rivete on the disturbance at the front gate . rambo shove the body under the hut CUT to : ext . - front gate - night 134 forty soldier have gather around arthur , as tint 's right -hand man , lieutenant aye muscle through the man and glare at arthur who be beat to the ground by one of the troops . he be yank to he foot by a pair of soldier . lt . aye ( in burmese ) who be you , you son of a bitch ! where do you come from ! !? lt . aye kick arthur 's leg out from under he . the minister crumble to the mud . +e ee of 79 . arthur ... please . I just want to talk ! rambo , diaz and sarah slip behind the hut . sarah hear arthur 's desperate voice . sarah it 's reverend marsh . arthur ( yell ) stop ! please stop ! there 's be enough kill , I just want they and we will go . you be not savage , there do not need to be anymore kill - please let I take they to they family !! they deserve that - everyone 's suffer enough ! sarah be leg nearly buckle at the realization . sarah they 's 11 kill he - diaz - stupid bastard . sarah where be the rest ? rambo Dead . rambo nod and she slump against he shoulder . arthur , though terrify , muster up the will to hold he body and mind together . arthur if you be in charge - we can talk this out !! - we can ! we be not that different . tint part the crowd and glare into the man 's face . tint ( in burmese ) who the fuck be this ? lt . aye ( in burmese ) do not know - just walk in here - 80 . tint grab a handful of arthur 's hair and snap he head back . tint any more of you out there ?! any more ' Americans 's ? tint gesture towards he surround jungle . tint ( cont ’d ) tell I or I x11 cut you in piece ! ! tint savagely beat arthur to the ground . tint ( cont ’d ) anymore with you ? last time I ask !? ( again he gesture toward the jungle ) arthur I just want to take they home - at he limit , tint bark a order to lt . aye and arthur be hoist to he foot and shove roughly towards the rear of the compound . arthur ( cont ’d ) you do not have to do this ! - we will leave ! rambo pull sarah away as the troops approach . arthur ( cont ’d ) we just want to leave - we be wrong ! we be - a punch to the lower back silence the man . as troops drag arthur to the pig pens , the vile hog unnerve grunt can be hear rise in anticipation . rambo and diaz lead sarah behind another hootch as arthur be drag past . rambo roughly grab she by the shoulder . rambo ... the perimeter 's probably mine beyond the punji stick , but you two gotta try to get through it - no choice . sarah and you ? 135 136 81 . rambo do not worry , I ’1l1 be alright they move off . CUT to : ext . - compound pig pen - night 135 the troops and arthur arrive at the disgusting site . automatically four troops muscle past the pig and quickly cut down the dead missionary . as the corpse crumble to the muck , arthur be bound to the pole . satisfied , tint bark a order and two troops run to the hut to retrieve sarah . arthur please it be a mistake - please , oh God , help I !!... ( he silently pray ) the two troops rush out of the soldier 's hut yell that sarah be miss ! enrage , tint yell for lt . aye to blow arthur 's brain out . lo. aye place a pistol against arthur 's temple and prepare to pull the trigger . on lo. aye . in the blink of a eye we hear a thunderous explosion and the soldier 's head be transformed into a cloud of red mist and fragment . rambo be position behind the incredibly destructive machine gun that be bolt on the rear of tint be army Jeep . five other troops be rip to shred by the massive bullet as they attempt to retaliate . tint run for he life . CUT to : ext . - compound - punji stick 136 diaz toss a grenade into the bamboo punji stick , clear a passageway . 137 138 139 140 82. once do , he begin to carefully move sarah through the jag maze . CUT to : ext . - compound - night 137 fleeing for they life , the troops attempt to seek cover behind any object , but it 's to no avail as the lethal .50 Cal . ordnance rip they apart . CUT to : - 138 lewis step from behind a hut and take out three troopers who be charge towards rambo . CUT to : - 139 rambo take aim at the fuel dump as the troops flee into that area . the murderous gun ignites the fuel create a wide concussive explosion that cover man in a molten blanket of death . a massive river of flame cascade down the hill , ignite the base of the guard tower . Three other troop truck be ignite the base of the guard tower . it 's dense smoke create a very obscure view of rambo . CUT to : - 140 rambo then turn the weapon at the munition tent . flaming tracers bore into the stockpile of bomb and grenade , cause they to erupt in a huge fireball . hundred of heat bullet fly in every direction . several troops be kill by the explode ammo . CUT to : + ee of 141 142 143 144 145 146 83. - 141 tint seek safety beside one of the hut and glare at rambo with undilute hatred . CUT to : - 142 lewis cut down two more troopers charge towards rambo . once do he sprint to another location . ext . - compound perimeter 143 diaz and sarah be twenty yard into the jungle when the light from the guard tower illuminate they . they be millisecond away from death . CUT to : ext . - compound - night 144 rambo take aim at one guard tower and the upper portion be reduce to splinter likewise the guard . CUT to : ext . - compound perimeter 145 diaz be lead the way when he suddenly step on a mine and be kill instantly . panick , sarah rush back towards rambo . CUT to : - 146 as the light from the second guard tower attempt to search out rambo , lewis take dead aim kill the guard and the light tilt awkwardly skyward . CUT to : 147 148 149 150 151 84 . ext . - compound 147 two more troops take hit from rambo and the ammo on the .50 caliber be exhaust . sarah he 's dead !! - he step on a mine ! CUT to : - 148 lewis spy two troops try to flank rambo 's position and take they out . he too be out of ammo and now the situation be hopeless . ducking behind a hut , we see the futility of it all in he eye . CUT to : - 149 rambo attempt to belly crawl back to the whole in the punji stick . CUT to : - 150 now with the 50 cal machine gun empty , the compound have become eerily quiet . the only sound be the rain and the yell back and forth of several troops as they carefully stalk closer to rambo 's position . CUT to : - 151 rambo pause and look out onto the black surround . in the distance the outline of soldier move cautiously forward be everywhere . rambo realize there be no escape this . he look at sarah who look into he eye search for one glimpse of hope . there be none . sarah ... I / m sorry . rambo no. +e ee of * 152 153 154 155 85 . rambo gently brushes aside the rain that cascade into she eye , then sighing , prepare to rise . sarah grab he hand . sarah what be you do ? rambo maybe it 's 1ll buy some time . it 's alright . this be my church . he rise with he hand hold empty at he side . CUT to : - 152 troops with the wane flame behind the approach soldier , the vision be a true precursor to hell . CUT to : - 153 tint step into view . tint I want he alive ! I want he alive ! CUT to : - 154 lewis watch in dismay . troops pass fairly close to he . a rifle lay in the hand of a dead soldier be just out of reach . CUT to : - 155 sarah watch as the soldier close the circle and tint approach , murder in he eye . 156 157 158 159 160 86 . suddenly a red dot appear on the soldier 's chest close to rambo and a millisecond later a sniper 's bullet savagely rip into he body . the second soldier be also instantly blow away . CUT to : - 156 rambo 's eye flash in the direction of bright tracers , he then dive back and grab sarah pull she to the armore vehicle . CUT to : - 157 two more charge troops be nail by the sniper . the thirty - five remain troops panic and fire into the direction of the sniper fire . CUT to : - 158 lewis sprint to a dead soldier , take he weapon and head toward rambo . CUT to : ext . - compound perimeter 159 as we hear random bullet and see tracers chew up real estate around school boy 's position , the young sniper appear unfaze . he steady he rifle on the tree branch and continue to smoothly fire away create havoc down below . CUT to : ext . - compound 160 rambo put sarah into the armored Jeep and fire it up . lewis run up to rambo who 's shocked to see he . + ee of 161 162 163 164 165 lewis let 's get the fuck outta here !! rambo speed towards the gate while lewis lay cover fire . 87 . CUT to : 161 tint fire he pistol - bullet ricochet off the machine . CUT to : 162 the soldier that attempt to shoot the flee Americans be target by the sniper . CUT to : ext . - compound perimeter on school boy . the young man still remain cool under fire and with a watchmaker precision , nail troops even as they run full stride . CUT to : ext . - compound rambo , sarah and lewis be barrelling towards the Main gate as troops at the far end of the camp fire at the Jeep . lewis be hit in the shoulder . CUT to : ext . - compound perimeter the scope 's cross hair settle across on the trooper who shot lewis . school boy 's finger gently squeeze the trigger . CUT to : 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 ext . - compound - night the trooper be blow into permanent slumber by a .419 grain slug that deposit a fist-size hole in he chest . CUT to : ext . - compound the Jeep 's radiator be puncture and a enemy bullet blow out one of the front tire . still the riddled machine grind through the debris as lewis lay down cover fire . CUT to : ext . - compound tint be bellow order to the battle - shocked troops . ext . - jungle - gate vicinity rambo guide the smoking machine onto the rutte jungle road . the burn compound shrink in the background . school boy jump out of the growth and be illuminate by the Jeep 's headlight lewis hold he bloody shoulder as school boy pile in the smoking Jeep , which speed off into the darkness . ext . - compound tint and twenty - five troops pour out of the compound , double - timing it up the road . ext . - jungle road - near dawn as the rain lighten up , the jeepus engine finally burst into FIRE . small flame leak from beneath the boil hood . rambo whip the Jeep to the side and they pile out . 88. 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 rambo this way ! ext . - jungle canopy - pre -dawn the steaming forest be come alive with the sound of nature as the fog begin to lift . ext . - jungle road - dawn tint and he troops approach the smouldering jeep which have be reduce to a blacken shell . the dog and the handler be jogging to the area . tint order they to split up , then get on the walkie - talkie . ext . - jungle trail - dawn rambo , sarah , lewis and school boy race through the shade terrain . ext . - jungle - early morning troops have spread out and be search , follow the same trail as rambo and company . ext . - jungle - swamp rambo , lewis , school boy and sarah trudge through the muddy area . in the distance they hear tracking dog bark . ext . - cave - dawn they arrive at the cave rambo pass on the way in . the EIGHT karen occupant see the bloody and bruise Americans and flee into the forest lewis now what ? 89 . 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 90 . ext . - jungle road - noon 178 tint be troops continue to search the rugge jungle . the tracking dog be pick up the pace . CUT to : ext . - cave 179 sarah , lewis and school boy be half in a caver entrance . rambo ( to lewis ) keep go southeast till ya hit the river - it 's maybe three or four klick . if I can I 'il meet you down the river . ( to School Boy ) I need you to stay back . school boy I be here . rambo almost gently tear the lower portion of sarah 's blouse . rambo we need a diversion , the dog will be follow you scent - let they follow I . ( he tie the strip of blouse around he ankle ) you should be able to make it in three hour . ( to lewis ) how ya doin 's ? lewis ( touch he wound ) alright . lewis hold he wounded shoulder . rambo grab he arm . rambo thanks . lewis ya owe I . ee ro * 180 181 182 rambo ( nod ) stay together no matter what , get she back , understand ? sarah why can not we all go together ? I get you into this . rambo no you do not . you gotta go - see you at the river . she hug he with great tenderness . though brief , he savor the moment , a fleeting instant of rare human contact . rambo ( cont ’d ) . go. they move off . school boy what 's the plan ? CUT to : ext . - jungle - day we see five soldier follow the dog and he handler . CUT to : ext . - jungle tint and ten men pause on the wide trail as a troop truck arrive and thirty more fresh soldier pile out . tint gesture to the company leader to head towards the river . ext . - jungle - day lewis and sarah move rapidly up the small stream bed . 91 . 180 181 182 + ee of + ee of 183 184 185 186 187 188 92 . ext . - jungle - school boy 183 running through the jungle , he pause when he hear the dog , then speed away , move gracefully through the growth . CUT to : int . - cave 184 rambo remove thin fishing line from he side pocket . CUT to : ext . - sniper location 185 school boy drop to one knee , study a intend target in the distance . CUT to : ext . - jungle 186 the dog handler 's animal 's progress be halt as sarah 's scent be identify . emitting a howl of recognition , the beast take off in a ninety - degree angle . CUT to : ext . - sniper 's area 187 school boy study the computer read out , then open the tripod leg of the rifle and sink into position . ext . - cave - day 188 the cloud be darken above the forest 's double canopy . a burmese scout party lead by one tracking dog approach the area . CUT to : 189 190 191 192 193 194 93. ext . - cave - day 189 rambo be see climb out of the cave ascend the tower slope as the troops be see approach below . CUT to : int./ ext . - cave 190 the howling dog rush into the cave . the lead soldier hit the hide fishing line which be connect to three grenade at head height . the explosion level two man , and two other be blow from the cave 's open . one burmese trooper try to help he comrade in the tunnel and be suddenly blow off he foot by a sniper round . the bullet 's velocity be so extreme it pass through the soldier and carve out a large hunk of rock directly behind he . CUT to : ext . - sniper 's area - day 191 school boy coolly swing the sight around and fire . CUT to : ext . - cave 192 a second trooper be cut down . the bullet pass through he and sever the trunk of a small tree . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 193 school boy lower the sniper rifle and dash from sight . ext . - jungle - day 194 we see sarah and lewis rush towards the river . sarah be exhaust as lewis help she along . his bleed 's get worse . x % 195 196 197 198 199 94 . lewis you wanna live , move it ! CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 195 tint and he group of twenty trooper head in the direction of the explosion . he then pause and pick up the walkie-talkie . tint ... do you read ?! come in ! CUT to : ext . - jungle 196 rambo run along the jungle path . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 197 school boy pour it on as he strength be push to the limit climb up to a very steep ridge . CUT to : ext . - jungle 198 the tracking dog and a group of ten soldier pick up sarah 's scent and charge off in that direction . ext . - jungle - day 199 sarah and lewis reach a steep embankment . lewis check the compass and they speed off down a treacherous embankment . CUT to : 200 201 202 203 204 205 ext . - jungle follow tug tracking dog , the burmese troopers continue to close ground on rambo . ext . - deep jungle - day travel down a winding path he sprint past the waterfall they pass on the way in . CUT to : ext . - river - extraction point the longboat be motor along the shoreline to the designate extraction point . ext . - waterfall - day 95 . 200 CUT to : 201 202 CUT to : 203 the tracking dog and troops be hot on rambo 's tail . CUT to : ext . - sniper ridge - high vantage point pour sweat , school boy reach the high ground vantage point . he look through the scope . he barely see the outline of the tall boy bomb 1800 yard away . with he scrape up hand , he commence to punch in information into the small computer . ext . - karen village lewis and sarah run along the fringe of the burnt - out village and past the lethally mine rice paddy . 204 205 CUT to : +e er 206 207 208 209 210 96 . ext . - jungle 206 rambo run from the area near the tall boy bomb . CUT to : ext . - sniper ridge 207 school boy swing the scope almost imperceptably to the leave . through the lens we see a extreme close of rambo run away from the bomb . pan the scope back , he see the troops and tracking dog arrive at the bomb . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 208 the tracking dog tug wildly as they be hot on rambo 's scent . they suddenly pull up short and frantically circle , then begin howling at a massive object . the trooper stare at the decrepid vine - cover unexplode 12,000 pound tallboy bomb . the dog paw wildly at a area near the nose of the bomb . a trooper reach into a slight indentation in the earth near the front of the bomb . CUT to : ext . - jungle 209 rambo still run away from the bomb area . CUT to : ext . - sniper ridge - day 210 through the scope , school boy study rambo run then back to the bomb then back to rambo ... he 's too close to detonate it . CUT to : + ee of 211 212 213 214 215 97 . ext . - bomb area - day 211 a trooper hold up the piece of sarah 's blouse that be tie to rambo 's ankle . he yell at he fellow troopers and angrily throw the cloth to the ground . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 212 pant , rambo pull up and stare hard at the ridge line . rambo ( to himself ) ».. shoot ! he run off . CUT to : ext . - sniper ridge - day 213 school boy study rambo through the scope . school boy move man , move ! c’mon ! he pan back to the troops who be beginning to move off . he pan back to rambo . school boy ( cont ’d ) ... a little more , a little more . CUT to : ext . - jungle 214 rambo angrily look up at the ridge line as he run . CUT to : ext . - sniper ridge 215 school boy watch rambo pass to a safe distance away . school boy acceptable . 216 217 218 219 98 . the scoper cross hair center on the bomb . he fire and the slug hit the metal monster at supersonic speed , ringing out sharply in the silent jungle . nothing . no_ explosion . the troopers freeze . CUT to : ext . - bomb area - day 216 the troops drop to the ground and begin to fire wildly in the direction they believe the shot emanate from . another bullet loudly gouge the bomb 's corrode metal case . still no explosion ! CUT to : ext . - sniper ridge - day 217 school boy be now show sign of anxiety . school boy C ’mon - CUT to : ext . - bomb area - day 218 another crack of the sniper 's rifle be hear , and again the loud metallic clang of a armor pierce bullet rip into the ancient bomb reverberate around the soldier . nothing . the troops now realize what school boy 's attempt to do and yell to run for they life . CUT to : ext . - sniper ridge 219 school boy wipe the sweat from he eye . school boy ... wake the fuck up , frankenstein ! he fire . CUT to : ee * + ee of 220 221 222 223 224 99 . ext . - bomb area - day 220 the scream bullet bore into the bomb and the massive monster finally roar to life and explode with colossal force ! tree snap in half for a hundred yard in every direction . nearly every trooper be blow into dust . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 221 rambo , still run , pause upon hearing the hellish explosion . suddenly , behind he , a hot wind kick up and a massive boiling cloud of dust and dirt rush toward he . he huddle behind the base of a tree as the remnant of the explosion roar past like a deadly express train . ext . - jungle - wide shot 222 sarah and lewis be stop cold by the thunderous explosion . lewis come on ! sarah be expression drain as she presume rambo 's dead . CUT to : ext . - jungle 223 tint and he troops whip around upon hearing the incredible roar . he yell into he walkie-talkie . no response . he command he man to continue towards the river . ext . - river - day 224 a small seven - man burmese patrol boat be alert by the explosion . +e ee of 225 226 227 228 229 they see a tower plume of smoke and dust rise a mile inland . they turn and speed off in the direction of the blast . CUT to : ext . - river the longboat be wait . they have also hear the explosion . the pair of snake catcher exchange nervous glance . ext . - jungle - day lewis and sarah close in on the river 's edge ... lewis be bleed badly . sarah attempt to help pull he along . he push she hand aside and swell with indignation . lewis ( fade ) ... I help you . c’mon ! he pull she along . CUT to : ext . - jungle the burmese troops with tint be shorten the distance . CUT to : ext . - jungle rambo be rush through the jungle toward the river 's edge , totally exhausted , he momentarily drop to one knee . he wearily rise and continue . ext . - jungle - wide shot 100 . 225 226 227 228 CUT to : 229 school boy cradle he weapon as he rush to the river +e of * 230 231 232 101 . ext . - river 230 on board the longboat , the snake catcher see sarah and lewis approach in the distance . CUT to : ext . - jungle ( near river ) 231 lewis and sarah be a hundred - and -fifty yard away from the longboat when suddenly the crack of a rifle be hear . the branch ten foot to the right of lewis break off ! they jump behind a tree . lewis ( exhaust ) go - go - go! more rifle shot be hear as the bullet begin whipping past they . lewis roughly shove she . lewis ( cont 'd ) ( explode ) go !! sarah gently touch he arm , then run off . lewis ( cont 'd ) stay low God damn it ! turn , he raise the rifle to he bloody shoulder and lay down cover fire . CUT to : ext . - jungle ( near river ) 232 tint and he company of thirty troops appear . they fire at the flee woman - only the dense growth save she . lewis continue to lay down cover FIRE as best he can and tint 's troops be momentarily stop . CUT to : +e of 233 234 235 236 237 238 102 . ext . - river 233 exhausted sarah run and stumble she way to the boat . a snake hunter jump in the river to assist she . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 234 tint bellow for he troops to continue forward ! suddenly gunfire erupt from the troops flank - several troops die in there track . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 235 forty karen rebel burst out of the undergrowth . the rag-tag rebel unleash all they firepower from they vastly inferior rifle . we clearly see the karen guide , myint . CUT to : ext . - jungle 236 with he strength wane fast , lewis put in he final clip and fire at tint 's troops . CUT to : ext . - jungle - day 237 rambo run towards the FIRE - fight . CUT to : ext . - jungle ( river area ) 238 school boy come into view and run towards the karen rebel side . CUT to : 239 240 241 242 243 103 . ext . - river - extraction point 239 tint order he man to battle harder ! they do . CUT to : ext . - river 240 the snake catcher help the exhaust sarah on board . she collapse onto the deck . several bullet hit the side of the longboat . the snake catcher panic , and shove the boat into gear . they begin to pull out sarah where be you go !? you can not leave without they ! CUT to : ext . - jungle ( river area ) 241 school boy join the rank of the Karen and use he superior weapon , begin pick off burmese troopers . CUT to : ext . - jungle 242 we see the burmese hit by school boy 's ammo again . the bullet pass through they and carve chunks out of the surround tree . CUT to : ext . - jungle ( river area ) 243 in full out warrior mode , rambo charge up behind the nearest burmese soldier and impale he with he knife . in all the noisy confusion , no other soldier notice rambo 's presence . he move swiftly to the next soldier then the next . CUT to : 244 245 246 104 . ext . - longboat 244 sarah rush to the snake catcher at the helm . sarah we can not leave ! wait for he ! wait ! she try to take the rudder handle away from the snake catcher . sarah ( cont ’d ) we have to leave together ! with we be leave together ! he push she to the floor where she lay exhaust . CUT to : ext . - jungle ( river area ) 245 lewis 's gun be empty . lewis ... run you son of a bitch . caste it aside , he summon he last remain strength and unsteadily try to reach the depart boat . CUT to : ext . - jungle ( river area ) 246 tint see this and aim at lewis 's back . CUT to : a deadly auto burst shred lewis 's back with hot lead . sarah scream at the sight of lewis crumble . he lock eye with she and die . CUT to : 247 248 249 250 105 . ext . - jungle ( river area ) 247 rambo , have witness this , charge tint with reckless abandon . tint whip around and a split second before he can pull the trigger , rambo 's bloody knife slashes through he neck . rambo 's momentum send he crash to the ground . exhausted , he raise he eye only to see tint 's headless body slowly crumble to the earth . CUT to : ext . - river 248 a burmese navy boat suddenly appear around the bend and open fire on the longboat . the top of the longboat be shred into splinter by the patrol boat 's front - mount machine gun . the snake catcher be instantly kill . rapid gunfire continue to shred the wood inch above sarah 's head . the burmese gun boat now turn and OPEN fire on the rebel . the boat also fire a huge stream of fire from it 's mount flame thrower . ( often use to clear away undergrowth where the enemy may hide . ) CUT to : ext . - jungle 249 rambo rise and feel he heart sink assume sarah have be kill . he snatch up a dead soldier 's rifle and aim before he can pull the trigger the loud crack of a rifle shot come from the opposite direction be hear . CUT to : ext . - river 250 a burmese sailor be blow off the boat . CUT to : + ee of * + ee of 251 252 253 254 255 106 . ext . - river 251 come into view be a 80 ft military boat paint in black . on deck be six special force troops . the large craft let 's loose with it 's big gun and the burmese vessel be blow completely out of the water . a moment later , bumgardener step into view and nod to the special force men for a job well do . CUT to : ext . - jungle 252 rambo stare hard at the figure of bumgardener . CUT to : ext . - jungle 253 school boy step into view as the karen rebel now chase the dispirite burmese troops deeper into the jungle . CUT to : ext . - river - extraction point 254 bumgardener we be here to officially escort you and whoever you be with , back into thai water - whoever be with you must come with we now ! sarah rise and jump over the side and wade towards rambo . he approach she . CUT to : ext . - river 255 bumgardener motion to the team leader . bumgardener enough bullshit - get close and pick ‘em up . + ee of * 256 257 258 107 . the vessel swing to shore . CUT to : - 256 school boy lower he weapon . he bend over lewis 's body . lewis be on he last breath . lewis she make it ? school boy you get she here . lewis ... be I a good man ? lewis exhales he last breath and die . CUT to : ext . - river 257 sarah and rambo meet half way and with tear of joy and exhaustion she embrace the batter warrior . rambo 's arm remain immobile and sarah look into he eye questioningly . he finally enfold she in he arm . the scene dissolves to the exterior main airport . CUT to : ext . - MAIN airport 258 large crowd rush to and for along the massive corridor . rambo stand at the boarding gate with sarah . he stare hard at she , as if try to find word to express himself . sarah ... what be you thinkin’ ? rambo it 's nothin 's - sarah ... I do not have to leave . eee 108 . rambo ( sigh ) ... you do - you have a good life waitin 's for you . he hand she the cobra pearl . sarah ... thank you - will I ever see you again ? rambo anything 's possible . sarah ( hug he ) ... i’11 miss you . rambo hug she back and she start off towards the boarding gate . rambo 's pensive expression follow until she take one final glance and pass from view . rambo turn and cross to bumgardener and school boy wait across the corridor . bumgardener ya alright ? - I mean , you be not get emotional now ? rambo stiffen and school boy smile . school boy I be gettin’ out of the way . the camera begin to crane up . bumgardener no , John 's get a solid sense of humor - anyone can see that . rambo 's stern expression break into a reluctant smile . the man move off and blend into the crowd as the camera continue to climb . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) I have a few thing to kick around with you . the camera continue to crane up as rambo , school boy and bumgardener melt into the traveler . bumgardener ( cont ’d ) be you both hungry ? + ee of * 109 . rambo a little . bumgardener good . let 's go to that place where the food do not look back at you ....