" sorry , right number " by Stephen King act 1 fade in on : katie weiderman' mouth , ecu she 's speak into the telephone . pretty mouth ; in a few second we will see that the rest of she be just as pretty . katie Bill ? oh , he say he do not feel very well , but he 's always like that between book ... can not sleep , think every headache be the first symptom of a brain tumor ... once he get go on something new , he will be fine . SOUND , b.g. : the television . the camera draw back . katie be sit in the kitchen phone nook , have a good gab with she sister while she idle through some catalogue . we should notice one not-quite- ordinary thing about the phone she 's on : it 's the sort with two line . there be lighted button to show which one be engage . right now only one - katie be - be . as katie continue her conversation , the camera swing away from her , track across the kitchen , and through the arched doorway that lead into the family room . katie ( voice , fade ) oh , I see janie charlton today ... yes ! Big as a house ! she fade . the tv get louder . there be three kid : jeff , eight , connie , ten , and dennis , thirteen . " wheel of fortune " be on , but they be not watch . instead , they be engage in that great pastime , Fighting about what come on later . jeff come onnn ! it be he first book ! connie his first gross book . dennis . we be gonna watch " cheer " and " wing , " just like we do every week , Jeff . dennis speak with the utter finality only a big brother can manage . " wanna talk about it some more and see how much pain I can inflict on you scrawny body , Jeff ? " he face say . jeff could we at least tape it ? connie we be taping CNN for Mom . she say she might be on the phone with aunt lois for quite awhile . jeff how can you tape CNN , for God 's sake ? it never stop ! dennis . that 's what she like about it . connie and do not say God 's sake , jeffie - you be not old enough to talk about God except in church . jeff then do not call I jeffie . connie jeffie , jeffie , jeffie . jeff get up , walk to the window , and look out into the dark . he 's really upset . dennis and connie , in the grand tradition of older brother and sister , be delighted to see it . dennis . poor jeffie . connie I think he 's gonna commit suicide . jeff ( turn to they ) it be he first book ! do not you guy even care ? connie Rent it down at the video stop tomorrow , if you want to see it so bad . jeff they do not rent r-rated picture to little kid and you know it ! connie ( dreamily ) shut up , it 's vanna ! I love vanna ! jeff Dennis - dennis . go ask dad to tape it on the vcr in he office and quit be such a totally annoying little booger . jeff cross the room , poke he tongue out at vanna White as he go . the camera follows as he go into the kitchen . katie ... so when he ask I if polly have test positive , I have to remind he she 's away at prep school ... and God , lois , I miss she . jeff be just pass through , on he way to the stair . katie will you kid please be quiet ? jeff ( glum ) they will be quiet . now . he go up the stair , a little deject . katie look after he , loving and worried . katie they be squabbling again . polly use to keep they in line , but now that she 's away at school ... I do not know ... maybe send she to bolton be not such a hot idea . sometimes when she call home she sound so unhappy . int . bela lugosi as dracula , cu drac 's stand at the door of he transylvanian castle . someone have paste a comic-balloon come out of he mouth which read : " listen ! my child of the night ! what music they make ! " the poster be on a door but we only see this as jeff open it and go into he father 's study . int . a photograph of katie , cu the camera hold , then pan slowly right . we pass another photo , this one of polly , the daughter away at school . she 's a lovely girl of sixteen or so . past polly be dennis ... then connie ... then jeff . the camera continue to pan and also widen out so we can see bill weiderman , a man of about forty - four . he look tired . he 's peer into the word - processor on he desk , but he mental crystal ball must be take the night off , because the screen be blank . on the wall we see frame book -cover . all of they be spooky . one of the title be " ghost kiss . " jeff come up quietly behind he dad . the carpet muffle he foot . bill sigh and shut off the word -cruncher . a moment later jeff clap he hand on he father 's shoulder . jeff booga - booga ! bill hi , jeffie . he turn in he chair to look at he son , who be disappointed . jeff how come you do not get scared ? bill scare be my business . I be case-harden . something wrong ? jeff daddy , can I watch the first hour of " ghost kiss " and you tape the rest ? Dennis and connie be hogging everything . bill swivel to look at the book -jacket , bemuse . bill you sure you want to watch that , champ ? it 's pretty - jeff yes ! int . katie , in the phone NOOK in this shot , we clearly see the stair lead to she husband 's study behind she . katie I really think Jeff need the orthodontic work but you know Bill - the other line ring . the other light stutter katie that 's just the other line . Bill will - but now we see bill and jeff come downstairs behind she . bill honey , where be the blank videotape ? I can not find any in the study and - katie ( to bill ) wait ! ( to lois ) gonna put you on hold a sec , lo . she do . now both line be blink . she push the top one where the new call have just come in . katie hello , weiderman residence . SOUND : desperate sobbing . sobbing voice ( filter ) take ... please take ... t-t - katie polly ? be that you ? what 's wrong ? SOUND : sobbing . it 's awful , heartbreaking . sobbing voice ( filter ) please-quick - SOUND : sobbing ... then , click ! a break connection . katie polly , calm down ! whatever it be can not be that b- hum of a OPEN line . jeff have wander toward the tv room , hope to find a blank tape . bill who be that ? without look at she husband or answer he , katie slam the lower button in again . katie lois ? listen , I will call you back . that be polly , and she sound very upset . no ... she hang up . yes . I will . thanks . she hang up . bill ( concerned ) it be polly ? katie crying she head off . it sound like she be try to say " please take I home " ... I know that damn school be bum she out ... why I ever let you talk I into it ... she 's rummage frantically on she little phone desk . catalogue go slithering to the floor around she stool . katie connie do you take my address book ? connie ( voice ) no , Mom . bill pull a batter book out of he back pocket and page through it . bill I get it . except - katie I know , damn dorm phone be always busy . give it to I . bill honey , calm down . katie I will calm down after I talk to she . she be sixteen , Bill . sixteen - year-old girl be prone to depressive interlude . sometimes they even k... just give I the damn number ! bill 617-555-8641 . as she punch the number , the camera slide in to cu . katie come on , come on ... do not be busy ... just this once ... SOUND : click . a pause . then ... the phone start ringing . katie ( eye close ) thank you , God . voice ( filter ) hartshorn Hall , this be frieda . if you want christine the sex Queen , she 's still in the shower , arnie . katie could you call polly to the phone ? polly weiderman ? this be Katie weiderman . her mother . voice ( filter ) oh , jeez ! sorry . I think - hang on , please , Mrs. weiderman . SOUND : the phone clunk down . voice ( filter , and very faint ) polly ? pol ?... phone call !... it 's you mother ! int . a wider angle on the phone NOOK , with bill bill well ? katie somebody 's get she , I hope . jeff come back in with a tape . jeff I find one , dad . Dennis hide they . as usual . jeff go . bill in a minute , Jeff . go watch the tube . jeff but - bill I will not forget . now go on . katie come on , come on , come on ... bill calm down , Katie . katie ( snap ) if you would hear she , you would not tell I to calm down ! she sound - polly ( filter , cheery voice ) hi , mom ! katie pol ? honey ? be you all right ? polly ( happy , bubbling voice ) be I all right ? I ace my bio exam , get a B on my french conversational essay , and ronnie hansen ask I to the harvest Ball . I be so all right that if one more good thing happen to I today , I will probably blow up like the hindenburg . katie you do not just call I up , cry you head off ? we see by katie 's face that she already know the answer to this question . polly ( filter ) heck no ! katie I be glad about you test and you date , honey . I guess it be someone else . I will call you back , okay ? polly ( filter ) " Kay . say hi to dad ! katie I will . int . the phone NOOK , wider bill she okay ? katie Fine . I could have swear it be polly , but ... she 's walk on air . bill so it be a prank . or someone who be cry so hard she dial a wrong number '' through a shimmer film of tear , " as we veteran hack like to say . katie it be not a prank and it be not a wrong number ! it be someone in my family ! bill honey , you can not know that . katie no ? if jeffie call up , just cry , would you know it be he ? bill ( strike by this ) yeah , maybe . I guess I might . she 's not listen . she 's punch number . she do not bill who you call ? answer he . SOUND : phone ring twice . then : older female voice ( filter hello ? katie Mom ? be you ... ( she pause ) do you call just a few second ago ? voice ( filter ) no , dear ... why ? katie oh ... you know this phone . I be talk to lois and I lose the other call . voice ( filter ) well , it be not I . kate , I see the prettiest dress in La boutique today , and - katie we will talk about it later , Mom , okay ? voice ( filter ) kate , be you all right ? katie I have ... Mom , I think maybe I have get diarrhea . I have to go . ' bye . she hang up . bill hang on until she do , then he burst into wild donkey - bray of laughter . bill oh boy ... diarrhea ... I gotta remember that the next time my agent call ... oh Katie , that be so cool - katie ( almost scream ) this be not funny ! bill stop laugh . int . the tv room jeff and dennis have be tussling . they stop . all three kid look toward the kitchen . int . the phone NOOK , with bill and katie katie I tell you it be someone in my family and she sound - oh , you do not understand . I know that voice . bill but if polly 's okay and you mom 's okay ... katie ( positive ) it 's Dawn . bill come on , hon , a minute ago you be sure it be polly . katie it have to be Dawn . I be on the phone with lois and Mom 's okay so Dawn 's the only other one it could have be . she 's the youngest ... I could have mistaken she for polly ... and she 's out there in that farmhouse alone with the baby ! bill ( startle ) what do you mean , alone ? katie Jerry 's in burlington ! it 's Dawn ! something 's happen to Dawn ! connie come into the kitchen , worried . connie Mom ? be aunt Dawn okay ? bill so far as we know , she 's fine . take it easy , doll . bad to buy trouble before you know it 's on sale . katie punch number and listen . SOUND : the dah -dah -dah of a busy signal . katie hang up . bill look a question at she with raise eyebrow . katie busy . bill Katie , be you sure - katie she 's the only one leave - it have to be she . Bill , I be scared . will you drive I out there ? bill take the phone from she . bill what 's she number ? katie 555-6169 . bill dial . get a busy . hang up and punch 0 . operator ( filter ) Operator . bill I be try to reach my sister - in - law , operator . the line be busy . I suspect there may be a problem . can you break into the call , please ? int . the door to the tv room all three kid stand there , silent and worried . int . the phone NOOK , with bill and katie operator ( filter ) what be you name , sir ? bill William weiderman . my number be - operator ( filter ) not the William weiderman that write " spider doom ? ! " bill yes , that be mine . if - operator ( filter ) oh my God , I just love that book ! I love all you book ! i- bill I be delighted you do . but right now my wife be very worried about she sister . if it 's possible for you to - operator ( filter ) yes , I can do that . please give I you number , Mr. weiderman , for the record . ( she giggle ) I promise not to give it out . bill it 's 555-4408 . operator ( filter ) and the call number ? bill ( look at katie ) uh ... katie 555-6169 . bill 555-6169 . operator ( filter ) just a moment , Mr. weiderman ... " night of the Beast " be also great , by the way . hold on . SOUND : telephonic click and clack . katie be she - bill yes. just ... there 's one final click . operator ( filter ) I be sorry , Mr. weiderman , but that line be not busy . it 's off the hook . I wonder if I send you my copy of " spider doom - " bill hang up the phone . katie why do you hang up ? bill she can not break in . phone 's not busy . it 's off the hook . they stare at each other blankly . ext . a low slung sport car pass the camera night int . the car , with katie and bill katie 's scared . bill , at the wheel , do not look exactly calm . katie hey , Bill - tell I she 's all right . bill she 's all right . katie now tell I what you really think . bill Jeff snuck up behind I tonight and put the old booga-booga on I . he be disappointed as hell when I do not jump . I tell he I be case-harden . ( pause ) I lie . katie why do Jerry have to move out there when he 's go half the time ? just she and that little tiny baby ? why ? bill shhh , kate . we be almost there . katie go faster . ext . the car he do . that car be smoking . int . the weiderman tv room the tube 's still on and the kid be still there , but the horsing around have stop . connie Dennis , do you think aunt Dawn 's okay ? dennis ( think she 's dead , decapitate by a maniac ) yeah . sure she be . int . the phone , Pov from the tv room just sit there on the wall in the phone nook , light dark , look like a snake ready to strike . fade out . act ii ext . a isolated farmhouse a long driveway lead up to it . there 's one light on in the live room . car light sweep up the driveway . the weiderman car pull up close to the garage and stop . int . the car , with bill and katie katie I be scared . bill bend down , reach under he seat , and bring out a pistol . bill ( solemnly ) booga-booga . katie ( total surprise ) how long have you have that ? bill since last year . I do not want to scare you or the kid . I have get a license to carry . come on . ext . bill and katie they get out . katie stand by the front of the car while bill go to the garage and peer in . bill her car 's here . the camera track with they to the front door . now we can hear the tv , playing loud . bill push the doorbell . we hear it inside . they wait . katie push it . still no answer . she push it again and do not take she finger off . bill look down at : ext . the lock , bill Pov Big scratch on it . ext . bill and katie bill ( low ) the lock 's be tampere with . katie look , and whimper . bill try the door . it open . the tv be louder . bill stay behind I . be ready to run if something happen . God , I wish I would leave you home , kate . he start in . katie come after he , terrify , near tear . int . dawn and jerry's live room from this angle we see only a small section of the room . the tv be much louder . bill enter the room , gun up . he look to the right ... and suddenly all the tension go out of he . he lower the gun . katie ( draw up beside he ) Bill ... what ... he point . int . the live room , wide , bill and katie' Pov the place look like a cyclone hit it ... but it be not robbery or murder that cause this mess ; only a healthy eighteen - month - old baby . after a strenuous day of trash the live room , baby get tired and mommy get tired and they fall asleep on the couch together . the baby be in dawn 's lap . there be a pair of walkman earphone on she head . there be toy - tough plastic sesame Street and playskool stuff , for the most part - scattered hell to breakfast . the baby have also pull most of the book out of the bookcase . have a good munch on one of they , too , by the look . bill go over and pick it up . it be " ghost kiss . " bill I have have people say they just eat my book up , but this be ridiculous . he 's amused . katie be not . she walk over to she sister , ready to be mad ... but she see how really exhaust dawn look and soften . int . dawn and the baby , katie' Pov fast asleep and breathe easily , like a raphael painting of madonna and child . the camera pan down to : the walkman . we can hear the faint strain of huey Lewis and the News . the camera pan a bit further to a princess telephone on the table by the chair . it 's off the cradle . not much ; just enough to break the connection and scare people to death . int . katie she sigh , bend down , and replace the phone . then she push the stop button on the walkman . int . dawn , bill , and katie dawn wake up when the music stop . look at bill and katie , puzzle . dawn ( fuzze out ) well ... hi . she realize she 's get the walkman phone on and remove they . she smile . bill hi , Dawn . dawn ( still half asleep ) shoulda call , guy . place be a mess . she 's radiant when she smile . katie we try . the operator tell Bill the phone be off the hook . I think something be wrong . how can you sleep with that music blast ? dawn it 's restful . ( see the gnaw book bill 's hold ) oh my God , Bill , I be sorry ! Justin 's teethe and - bill there be critic who would say he pick just the right thing to teethe on . I do not want to scare you , beautiful , but somebody 's be at you front door lock with a screwdriver or something . whoever it be force it . dawn gosh , no ! that be Jerry , last week . I lock we out by mistake and he do not have he key and the spare be not over the door like it 's suppose to be . he be mad because he have to take a whiz real bad and so he take the screwdriver to it . it do not work , either - that 's one tough lock . ( pause ) by the time I find my key he would already go in the bush . bill if it be not force , how come I could just open the door and walk in ? dawn ( guiltily ) well ... sometimes I forget to lock it . katie you do not call I tonight , Dawn ? dawn gee , no ! I do not call anyone ! I be too busy chase Justin around ! he keep want to eat the fabric softener ! then he get sleepy and I sit down here and think I would listen to some tune while I wait for you movie to come on , Bill , and I fall asleep - at the mention of the movie bill start visibly and look at the book . then he glance at he watch . bill I promise to tape it for Jeff . come on , Katie , we have get time to get back . katie just a second . she pick up the phone and dial . int . int . dawn gee , Bill , do you think jeffie 's old enough to watch something like that ? bill it 's network . they take out the blood -bag . dawn ( confuse but amiable ) oh . that 's good . katie , cu dennis ( filter ) hello ? katie just think you would like to know you aunt Dawn 's fine . dennis ( filter ) oh! cool . thanks , Mom . the phone NOOK , with dennis and the other he look very relieved . int . dennis . aunt Dawn 's okay . the car , with bill and katie they drive in silence for awhile . katie you think I be a hysterical idiot , do not you ? bill ( genuinely surprised ) no ! I be scared , too . katie you sure you be not mad ? bill I be too relieved . ( laugh ) she 's sort of a scatterbrain , old Dawn , but I love she . katie ( lean over and kiss he ) I love you . you be a sweet man . bill I be the boogeyman ! katie I be not fool , sweetheart . ext . the car pass the camera and we dissolve to : int . jeff , in bed his room be dark . the cover be pull up to he chin . jeff you promise to tape the rest ? camera widen out so we can see bill , sit on the bed . bill I promise . jeff I especially like the part where the dead guy rip off the punk rocker 's head . bill well ... they use to take out all the blood - bag . jeff what , dad ? bill nothing . I love you , jeffie . jeff I love you , too . so do rambo . jeff hold up a stuff dragon of decidedly unmilitant aspect . bill kiss the dragon , then jeff . bill " night . jeff " night . ( as bill reach he door glad aunt Dawn be okay . bill I , too . he go out . int . tv , cu a guy who look like he die in a car crash about two week prior to filming ( and have since be subject to a lot of hot weather ) be staggering out of a crypt . the camera widen to show bill , release the vcr pause button . katie ( voice ) booga-booga . bill look around companionably . the camera widen out more to show katie , wear a sexy nightgown . bill same to you . I miss the first forty second or so after the break . I have to kiss rambo . katie you sure you be not mad at I , Bill ? he go to she and kiss she . bill not even a smidge . katie it 's just that I could have swear it be one of mine . you know what I mean ? one of mine ? bill yes . katie I can still hear that sob . so lose ... so heartbroken . bill kate , have you ever think you recognize someone on the street , and call she , and when she finally turn around it be a total stranger ? katie yes , once . in Seattle . I be in a mall and I think I see my old roommate . I ... oh . I see what you be say . bill sure . there be sound - alike as well as look -alike . katie but ... you know you own . at least I think so until tonight . she put she cheek on he shoulder , look troubled . katie I be so positive it be polly ... bill because you have be worried about she get she foot under she at the new school ... but judge from the stuff she tell you tonight , I would say she 's do just fine in that department . would not you ? katie yes ... I guess I would . bill let it go , hon . katie ( look at he closely ) I hate to see you look so tired . hurry up and have a idea , you . bill well , I be try . katie you come to bed ? bill soon as I finish taping this for Jeff . katie ( amused ) Bill , that machine be make by japanese technician who think of damned near everything . it will run on its own . bill yeah , but it 's be a long time since I have see this one , and ... katie okay . enjoy . I think I will be awake for a little while . ( pause ) I have get a few idea of my own . bill ( smile ) yeah ? katie yeah . she start out , show a lot of leg , then turn in the doorway as something else strike she . katie if they show that part where the punk 's head get - bill ( guiltily ) I will edit it . katie ' night . and thanks again . for everything . she leave . bill sit in he chair . int . tv , cu a couple be neck in a car . suddenly the passenger door be rip open by the dead guy and we dissolve to : int . katie , in bed it 's dark . she 's asleep . she wake up ... sort of . katie ( sleepy ) hey , big guy - she feel for he , but he side of the bed be empty , the coverlet still pull up . she sit up . look at : int . a clock on the night - table , katie' Pov it say 2:03 a.m. then it flash to 2:04 . int . katie fully awake now . and concerned . she get up , put on she robe , and leave the bedroom . int . the tv screen , cu snow . katie ( voice , approach ) Bill ? honey ? you okay ? Bill ? bi- int . katie , in bill study she 's freeze , wide - eye with horror . int . bill , in he chair he 's slump to one side , eye close , hand inside he shirt . dawn be sleep . bill be not . ext . a coffin , be lowered into a grave minister ( voice ) and so we commit the earthly remain of William weiderman to the ground , confident of he spirit and soul . " be ye not cast down , brethren ... " ext . graveside all the weiderman be range here . katie and polly wear identical black dress and veil . connie wear a black skirt and white blouse . dennis and jeff wear black suit . jeff be cry . he have rambo the Dragon under he arm for a little extra comfort . camera move in on katie . tear course slowly down she cheek . she bend and get a handful of earth . toss it into the grave . katie Love you , big guy . ext . jeff weeping . ext . looking down into the grave scatter earth on top of the coffin . dissolve to : ext . the grave a groundskeeper pat the last sod into place . groundskeeper my wife say she wish you would write a couple more before you have you heart attack , mister . ( pause ) I like western , m'self . the groundskeeper walk away , whistling . dissolve to : ext . a church day title card : five year later the wedding MARCH be play . polly , older and radiant with joy , emerge into a pelting shower of rice . she 's in a wedding gown , she new husband by she side . celebrant throw rice line either side of the path . from behind the bride and groom come other . among they be katie , dennis , connie , and jeff ... all five year older . with katie be another man . this be hank . in the interim , Katie have also take a husband . polly turn and she mother be there . polly thank you , Mom . katie ( cry ) oh doll , you be so welcome . they embrace . after a moment polly draw away and look at hank . there be a brief moment of tension , and then polly embrace hank , too . polly thank you too , hank . I be sorry I be such a creep for so long ... hank ( easily ) you be never a creep , pol . a girl only have one father . connie throw it ! throw it ! after a moment , polly throw she bouquet . ext . the bouquet , cu , slow motion turn and turn through the air . dissolves to : int . the study , with katie night the word - processor have be replace by a wide lamp loom over a stack of blueprint . the book -jacket have be replace by photo of building . one that have first be build in hank 's mind , presumably . katie be look at the desk , thoughtful and a little sad . hank ( voice ) come to bed , kate ? she turn and the camera widen out to give we hank . he 's wear a robe over pajamas . she come to he and give hima little hug , smile . maybe we notice a few streak of gray in she hair ; she pretty pony have do its fair share of run since bill die . katie in a little while . a woman do not see she first one get marry every day , you know . hank I know . the camera follows as they walk from the work area of the study to the more informal area . this be much the same as it be in the old day , with a coffee table , stereo , tv , couch , and bill 's old easy - chair . she look at this . hank you still miss he , do not you ? katie some day more than other . you do not know , and polly do not remember . hank ( gently ) remember what , doll ? katie polly get marry on the five - year anniversary of Bill 's death . hank ( hug she ) come on to bed , why do not you ? katie in a little while . hank okay . maybe I will still be awake . katie get a few idea , do you ? hank I might . katie that 's nice . he kiss she , then leave , close the door behind he . katie sit in bill 's old chair . Close by , on the coffee table , be a remote control for the tv and a extension phone . katie look at the blank tv , and the camera move in on she face . one tear rim one eye , sparkling like a sapphire . katie I do still miss you , big guy . lot and lot . every day . and you know what ? it hurt . the tear fall . she pick up the tv remote and push the on button . int . tv , katie' Pov a ad for ginsu knife come to a end and be replace by a STAR logo . announcer ( voice ) now back to Channel 63 's Thursday night Star time Movie ... " ghost kiss . " the logo dissolves into a guy who look like he die in a car crash about two week ago and have since be subject to a lot of hot weather . he come staggering out of the same old crypt . int . katie terribly startle - almost horrify . she hit the off button on the remote control . the tv blink off . katie 's face begin to work . she struggle against the impending emotional storm , but the coincedence of the movie be just one thing too many on what must have already be one of the most emotionally try day of she life . the dam break and she begin to sob ... terrible heartbroken sob . she reach out for the little table by the chair , meaning to put the remote control on it , and knock the phone onto the floor . SOUND : the hum of a OPEN line . her tear - stain face grow suddenly still as she look at the telephone . something begin to fill in ... a idea ? a intuition ? hard to tell . and maybe it do not matter . int . the telephone , katie' Pov the camera move in to ecu ... move in until the dot in the off - the-hook receiver look like chasm . SOUND of OPEN -line buzz up to loud . we go into the black ... and hear bill ( voice ) who be you call ? who do you want to call ? who would you call , if it be not too late ? int . katie there be now a strange hypnotize look on she face . she reach down , scoops the telephone up , and punch in number , seemingly at random . sound : ringing phone . katie continue to look hypnotize . the look hold until the phone be answer ... and she hear herself on the other end of the line . katie ( voice ; filter ) hello , weiderman residence . katie - we present - day katie with the streak of gray in she hair - go on sobbing , yet a expression of desperate hope be try to be bear on she face . on some level she understand that the depth of she grief have allow a kind of telephonic time - travel . she 's try to talk , to force the word out . katie ( sobbing ) take ... please take ... t-t - int . katie , in the phone NOOK , reprise it 's five year ago . bill be stand beside she , look concerned . jeff be wander off to look for a blank tape in the other room . katie polly ? what 's wrong ? int . katie , in the study katie ( sobbing ) please - quick - SOUND : click of a broken connection . katie ( scream ) take he to the hospital ! if you want to live , take he to the hospital ! he 's go to have a heart attack ! he - SOUND : hum of a OPEN line . slowly , very slowly , Katie hang up the telephone . then , after a moment , she pick it up again . she speak aloud with no self - consciousness whatever . probably do not even know she 's do it . katie I dial the old number . I dial - slam CUT to : int . bill , in the phone NOOK with katie beside he he 's just take the phone from katie and be speak to the operator . operator ( filter , giggle ) I promise not to give it out . bill it 's 555 - slam CUT to : int . katie , in bill old chair , cu katie ( finish ) -4408 . int . the phone , cu katie 's tremble finger carefully pick out the number , and we hear the corresponding tone : 555-4408 . int . katie , in bill old chair , cu she close she eye as the phone begins to ring . her face be fill with a agonizing mixture of hope and fear . if only she can have one more chance to pass the vital message on , it say ... just one more chance . katie ( low ) please ... please ... recorded voice ( filter ) you have reach a non-work number . please hang up and dial again . if you need assistance - katie hang up again . tear stream down she cheek . the camera pan away and down to the telephone . int . int . she sob she int . the phone NOOK , with katie and bill , reprise katie bill so it be a prank . or someone who be cry so hard she dial a wrong number ... " through a shimmer film of tear , " as we veteran hack like to say . katie it be not a prank and it be not a wrong number ! it be someone in my family ! ( present day ) in bill study katie yes . someone in my family . someone very close . ( pause ) me. suddenly throw the phone across the room . then she begin to again and put she hand over she face . the camera hold on for a moment , then dolly across to the phone it lie on the carpet , look both bland and somehow ominous . camera move in to ecu - the hole in the receiver once more look like huge dark chasm . we hold , then fade to black .