sounder screenplay by lonne elder III from the novel by William H. armstrong fade in before title . ext . hunting wood - landsdown county - night it be a clear but cold Autumn night at some time in the nineteen thirty . the landsdown Woods be a assortment of various element of nature : quiet water stream , rush river , heavy brushland , small tree , and the more dominant , great tall pine . nathan lee morgan , a Black man in he late thirty or early forty , trek deep into the wood with he eleven year old son , david lee , and he hound dog , sounder . nathan lee be a well build , strong manner of a man with a deliberate and quiet manner - david lee , like he father be tall and strong with big , bright active eye . sounder , they hound dog , be a mixture of red-bone hound and bulldog , with great square jaw . title begin nathan lee carry a old rifle , and a burlap sack throw across he shoulder -- david lee walk with a lantern as sounder track ahead of they . they keep move until they come upon a quiet river stream -- ext . river stream - night they walk along the edge of the river , with deliberation . it be obvious that they have walk this route many time . they reach a cut - off point and circle back into the wood , and pick up a pathway -- ext . pathway - night they pick up speed in close approach to a weede area and stop . david look about in disappointment . sounder scratch the earth -- nathan look out into the darkness with a nag expression on he face -- title interrupted david lee there be not no possum in this wood tonight , daddy . nathan lee look that way , son . guess the cold do drive most of them down to the big water country -- but if there 's one leave out here -- we gotta find he . david lee it 's cold , daddy ! nathan lee here , put my jacket over you . nathan take he jacket off and drape it over the boy 's frame as sounder begin to scratch and whine with intensity . he move to stand over the dog . nathan lee you all right , boy ? suddenly sounder 's voice let out and he break away in a burst of speed . nathan and david react quickly and take up the chase behind he . title begin again as sounder make he way through the wood -- nathan and david rush behind he , follow the great unique sound of the dog 's voice . it be a sound that bounce -- soulful , louder and clearer than any purebred redbone . it be space with precision , bounce from slope to slope like a rubber ball , fill up the night with music as though the branch of all the tree be be pull across silver string . ext . the base of the tree where the possum have taken refuge - night sounder arrive and make a leap to climb the tree as nathan and david rush on to the scene . nathan look up and point to the spot where the possum be . he put he rifle down near he , and david assist he in the shaking of the tree as sounder make he leap upward to the rhythm of the sound come from he voice . the possum give way to the force and fall to the ground . sounder charge for the animal -- nathan quickly pick up he rifle and aim for the animal . he fire into blank darkness and miss . the possum recover from the fall and scamper into thick brushland , with sounder in close pursuit . ext . the area of the thick brushland - night sounder cannot overcome the briar thickness of the brushland -- but the possum with he smaller size manage to elude the dog . ext . the edge of the brushland area - night sounder come out of the brush area , whining in frustration as nathan and david approach he . nathan immediately realize that the possum have get away . end of title nathan lee ( slam he rifle to the ground ) dammit ! and I remember the time when a bull could not a stop he from gettin ' that possum ! david lee kneel down and caress sounder 's frame . nathan realize that david be disturb over he harshness . nathan lee come here , son -- david lee go to he father , who kneel to he , and put both of he huge hand on the boy 's shoulder . nathan lee it 's all right . he do he job -- I just get foolish for a minute . he give the boy a quick embrace and rise to he foot -- nathan lee if anybody 's to blame , it 's I -- I oughta nail he when I take that shot . david lee it be too dark , daddy . nathan lee yeah . we better git back to house now . nathan put he hand on sounder 's neck , give he a affectionate rub . they gather they equipment and head for home . they move out of the brush area on to a pathway . ext . road and cabin - night this area of the road be about ten hundred foot from the front yard of the cabin . the yard be wide , and stretch out to the very edge of the road which come to a horseshoe deadend about two hundred foot at the far end of they cabin . nathan lee in all the year I and sounder be tracking down possum and coon in this wood -- he be not tore one of them up yet ... he always bring them back whole and healthy ... and that 's the difference between a hound dog that 's dirty and mean , to one that 's great like ol ' sounder here . ext . the cabin' front yard - night they move through the yard , up the step , on to the porch , and open the door to the house . int . the kitchen - sitting room - night nathan , david , and sounder step into the cabin . it be a old house but it be the home of the Morgan family so it be keep neat and clean at all time . to one side of the area be a kitchen table , a wood stove , and a old beat - up cabinet . to the other side be two old rocker , a old dresser , and one or two piece of other old live room furniture -- there be three portal in this area : the backdoor in the kitchen section which lead to the backyard , and two in the sit room which lead to the child ' and nathan and rebecca 's room . rebecca morgan , a attractive brown-skin woman in she thirty , sit in a rocker by the stove alone , pick kernel out of walnut shell with a bent hairpin . she look up to nathan as he stand just inside the door , and look down at she . nathan lee we cornere one , but he get away . he do not wait for a response from she -- he , david and sounder keep move across the floor , and on out the back door . rebecca 's eye slowly trail they back out the door . her eye just hang there after they have move out of sight . int . the shed - night the shed be medium in size and old like the house . there be a long wide table run along side the right wall . there be hang nail on all of the wall and alongside the table . the various piece of archaic farm equipment be all neatly put in organize place . nathan , david and sounder enter the shed . nathan hang the burlap sack on one of the wall nail , and place the rifle down on the table -- david do likewise with the lantern . nathan lee Bet you be a tired little fellow , David Lee . nathan take the lantern apart and begin to clean it -- and david lee pick up a small can of oil and put it on top of the table . david lee yes , sir ... nathan lee you oughta be tired , too , sounder . that possum shore whipped the hell outta you tonight ! he laugh behind he own remark as he finish the business with the lantern and pick up he rifle . david lee he beat you , too , daddy , and you have a big ol ' shootin ' rifle . nathan lee ( serious ) Boy , you do not make funny with you daddy like that . his father have catch he off guard -- he be only joke -- he do not understand the attitude -- he do not know what to say -- he turn and walk away . nathan lee David Lee ... david lee ( stop and turn ) yes , sir ... nathan lee you have a rough time out there tonight -- so you stay home from that school tomorrow . david lee I wanna go -- the trip do not bother I none . nathan lee you learnin ' anything at that school ? david lee yes , sir -- I learn to write a little bit , and I can read a lot -- nathan lee look on he for a moment , and then softly nod he head -- nathan lee readin ' must be something ' powerful , huh , son ? david lee yes , sir ... nathan lee slam the rifle close , move towards the exit and step hastily out into the backyard -- david lee and sounder follow he -- ext . the backyard - night the backyard spread out in the form of a jag horseshoe , surround by low level of grass -- at the far end be a pathway , run about three hundred foot away to where the tall grass grow . the shed sit to the far leave edge and more to the right edge be a water well . to the right of the water well be a woodpile . up against the house , to the right of the step to the back door be two wash tub with homemade scrubbing board . nathan keep walk directly to the water well , reach it and lower the bucket down into the well , bring the bucket of water up , scoops up with a dipper , drink , and try to look out over the plain and hill from the back of he house . nathan lee when the fall come in this part , the night moon run away like a rabbit -- you could stay out here lookin ' all night , and not see a thing out yonder . david lee we goin ' huntin ' again tomorrow ? nathan lee yep . I guess you must wonder why though , what with the luck we havin ' , but like I always say -- david lee " you lose some of the time , what you always go afta , but you lose all the time what you do not go afta ! " nathan lee now who say I do not lay my mark on you , boy ! they both laugh as rebecca step out into the backyard from the house , and move swiftly towards they . rebecca David Lee , it 's time for you to get to bed ! david lee goodnight . he start move away towards the house . nathan lee night , son ! rebecca and do not wake up josie mae and Earl ! they watch david lee enter the house -- then nathan lee look to sounder as they begin to move for the house . nathan lee you bedtime too , hound dog . sounder hop up on he -- he stroke the dog 's back and then push he away . nathan lee off you go , boy ! sounder scamper away around the side of the house . rebecca I bet you could use a hot cup of coffee , Nathan Lee . nathan lee I shore could , miss Rebecca . they start back into the house . ext . front of the house - night sounder crawl just under the front porch and lie down on a burlap sack for he night 's sleep . int . the child 's room - night david lee have take some of the walnut and be sit up in the bed . earl and josie mae , they sister , be fast asleep across from they . earl be a sprightly little boy about eight year of age who have the kind of round face that give one the impression that he be forever smile . david lee grab he book and start to read . int . kitchen - sitting room - night nathan and rebecca enter the house through the back door -- nathan stop at the table in the kitchen area as rebecca move directly to the door of the child 's room -- just before she get to the door , she notice that the bowl of walnut on the floor by the rocker have be disturb -- she snatch the bowl up from the floor and look to nathan -- rebecca the boy do go into my walnut ! I skin my finger to the bone to pick two pound that 's worth almost nothing at the commissary and he do take almost half of what I pick ! nathan lee the boy be hungry , Rebecca . his word cut through she frustration -- she put down the bowl on a old dresser next to the door that lead to the child 's room and just stand there for a moment -- she and nathan , look directly on each other -- after a moment she move across the floor and nestle into the embrace of he arm -- he hold she close to he for a moment and then they break the embrace -- nathan lee dammit ! he move halfway across the floor and stop as rebecca go to the stove to prepare he coffee -- rebecca we be through this off -season before -- we make it . nathan lee what we make it to ? the next season to work ourselves to death , share croppin ' for ol ' man Howard , so he can get richer and we can not even eat when the croppin ' time be do ? his coffee be ready -- she put it on the table -- he move to it and sit and take a sip with the frustration still nag he . she stand over he from behind and put she hand on he strong neck for a moment and then she move for the child 's room and enter -- he drink he coffee -- int . rebecca and nathan' bedroom - night rebecca enter , unrobe and crawl into bed -- she lie there for awhile in think , roll over to position herself and then she hear the back door slam . she raise she head for a moment and then she decide to get up . she put she clothes back on hurriedly and move out of the room . int . kitchen - sitting room - night rebecca move with directness through the room , on out door to the backyard . ext . the backyard - night rebecca stand in middle of the backyard , look about in the area . rebecca ( softly ) . Nathan ? there be not a sound -- then she move hastily around the side of the house to the front yard . ext . the front yard - night she look down under the edge of the porch to see sounder fast asleep . she turn and try to see through the darkness down the road -- she slowly move up on the porch and stand in the doorway look out into the night . she begin to hum -- the kind of hum to relax the nerve -- to move the thought away from the mind -- thought that be plague she . dissolve to : int . the morgan ' kitchen - day it be about six a.m. the follow morning and hot food be piping on the stove . int . the child be room - day david lee awake first and catch the aroma of the food float into they room . he jump out of bed and arouse josie mae and earl . david lee come on y'all , git up , something 's cookin ' in the kitchen ! come on , Earl ! they all jump into they clothes and rush for the kitchen . int . the kitchen - day they head straight for the stove where david take the lid off one of the pot and then the other . earl what 's in there , David !? david lee sausage and hambone ! earl try to put he hand in one of the pot but david slap it away . david lee do not do that ! josie mae where do it come from ? josie mae be a tall , pretty girl for she nine year -- with a sort of brood air about she . david lee come on ! david see sounder through the front - door screen , scratch to get in -- he hurriedly let the dog in , and they all dash out the back door . ext . the backyard - day rebecca be hang out wash on the clothes line as the child rush toward she . david lee mama , there 's hot meat on the stove ! rebecca that 's right ! david lee where do it come from , mama ? rebecca where all meat come from -- now git yourself wash up and be snappy about it -- you get six mile ahead of you to that school . she head for the kitchen while the child proceed to wash up at the well . int . the kitchen - day rebecca enter the kitchen and immediately start prepare breakfast as nathan be awaken and be stand in the doorway to the kitchen from they room . she notice he and stop she work for a moment . rebecca good mornin ' , Nathan . nathan lee mornin ' ... rebecca you ready to eat ? nathan lee I will wait till after the child . she go back to prepare the food as she move into the kitchen to put together some scrap of food for sounder . nathan lee how 's the weather out there ? rebecca Little chilly . nathan lee hope it do not freeze out we baseball game today ! ext . the backyard - day the child meet nathan as he be come out of the house and they be about to enter . child mornin ' , daddy ! nathan lee mornin ' back atcha ! they rush on past he into the house as he smile . nathan lee do not forget to save I some ! he stop in the center of the yard and look about . nathan lee sounder ! sounder come run toward he from the field in back of the shed . nathan bend to a pan on the ground and put the scrap of food in it as sounder arrive and begin to eat . nathan rise and look on , pleasingly . nathan lee that oughta put you in good shape for tonight ! int . the kitchen - day the child be at the table eat as rebecca be about to return to she laundry work in the backyard . rebecca do not take all day at that table , David Lee . josie mae mama , when kin I and Earl go to school with David Lee ? rebecca maybe soon -- she move out of the door -- ext . the backyard - day out in the backyard , nathan be chopping wood with sounder nearby he as rebecca return to hang out the wash . she start that nervous hum of hers , and occasionally glance over to he at the woodpile . he lift he head for a moment and call out to she . nathan lee the one thing we get plenty of be wood ! she stop she work and just look on he with concern when david , josie and earl dash out into the yard , break she trend of think . david lee ready to go , mama ! rebecca tuck that shirt in , David Lee . he move toward she , cram the shirt down into he pants . rebecca you get two shirt on ? david lee yes mam ... rebecca when you get outta that school , you come right on back home , y'all go ' have to take this laundry work I do for miss boatwright today . she give he a quick hug and kiss . he rush over to he father . david lee ' bye , daddy ... they shake hand ... nathan lee ' bye , son ... he take off with josie mae , earl and sounder . rebecca start back toward the clothesline , and as if to make a decision , she stop and turn to nathan . rebecca where be it you go last night , Nathan ? he rise from he chopping position and face she directly . nathan lee I go where I have to go , Rebecca . my child be hungry . as if to say the conversation be over , he immediately go back to chopping wood . she give he a long but soft look and then finally return to she work . ext . the road - day david lee ride in the back of the wagon of a white farmer , who be give he a lift part of the way . david lee run a distance of the road -- sit and rest on the side of the road for a few minute -- walk at a slow pace for a while . the boy climb up into the wagon of a black farmer -- the wagon pull away . he make the final dash up the road . ext . schoolyard - day he speed around the side of the building , and enter through a back door . int . school hallway - day he rush down the short hallway until he come to a door , and enter . int . classroom of the school - day this be a Southern White school where they segregate off into a far corner one or two black child they allow to attend the school . david lee enter the room in a exhaust state as he stop just inside the door . all eye be upon he , include a black boy and girl who be segregated off in the back corner of the room . the teacher pick up he clock from the desk and look at it . david lee I be sorry , Mr clay ... mr clay you be one hour late ... david lee yessir ... mr clay well , take you seat . david lee , with all eye still upon he , move carefully to a chair in the far corner -- sit next to the black boy and girl . mr clay take up he book from the desk , and look out on the class -- mr clay now where be we before we be interrupt -- oh yeah , huckleberry Finn , chapter thirty - four ! this chapter be call : we cheer up jim ! here we go : " Tom say : what 's the vittle for ? go to feed the dog ? the color boy kind of smile around gradually over he face , and say : yes , Mars sid , a dog . cur 'us dog , too . do you want to go en look at ' im ? " close angle - david and other two child . the teacher 's word can hardly be hear as he continue with the read -- as the child be face hold mix expression of confusion , pain , and mostly boredom . a head shaking , pathetic moment -- ext . front of mrs . boatwright's house - day it be a medium size one - family house , paint gray -- trim in white around the edge of the frame -- the yard be surround by well - keep hedge -- the yard be mostly green grass and flower bed -- with walkway lead to the front and back of the house . the child and the dog move into the yard from the residential street -- ext . side of the house - day they walk around the side of the house to a back door . the boy put the basket down -- david knock on the door -- after a moment , mrs . boatwright , a tall , attractive white woman in she early forty , open the screen door . david lee we bring you laundry , miss boatwright . mrs . boatwright come in , child . they enter the house , leave sounder in the backyard . int . mrs . boatwright's kitchen - day david and earl stop in the middle of the floor , hold the basket . mrs . boatwright put it right up on this table , boy . the two boy lift the basket up on the table . she look through the clothes for a moment . mrs . boatwright you tell Rebecca be not a chinaman in all this world can beat she irone . she reach into she pocket and pull out some change , pick out some and pass it on to david . mrs . boatwright this be for you mama 's work , and here 's something for the three of you . david lee thank you , miss boatwright . josie mae & earl thank you , miss boatwright . mrs . boatwright oh , by the way , David , I have the book I promise you . she move for another room as the child all look to each other -- she return immediately with the book , and hand it to david lee -- mrs . boatwright it 's about the Three musketeer . david lee thank you , miss boatwright . mrs . boatwright when you read it we will talk about it ... david lee yes mam ... we gotta go , miss boatwright .. . mrs . boatwright tell Rebecca I say ' hi ' , now ... the child turn and walk out of the back door -- ext . outside mrs . boatwright's back door - day mrs . boatwright be in the doorway as david , earl and sounder move ahead of josie mae , who stop and turn to mrs . boatwright -- josie mae what 's a chinaman , miss boatwright ? before mrs . boatwright can struggle up a response -- david lee come on , josie mae ! we gotta hurry ! josie mae turn and catch up with they -- they all rush around and out of mrs . boatwright be yard . ext . the country - day they run up the road and into a field -- continue on across the field and over a slope until they can see crowd of people at a make - shift baseball diamond where two team of black sharecropper be engage in a heat baseball contest . they keep move on into the crowd -- ext . the baseball diamond area - day Men , woman and child be stand around , loudly root for they team as the three child make they way through the crowd to find they mother . nathan lee be pitching on the mound for he team . he throw a pitch -- the batter miss it -- david lee look at daddy throw that ball ! they keep move until they spot they mother , who be seat on a bench with another woman . they rush to she . woman Rebecca , you child git bigger by the hour ! rebecca it 's the good livin ' that do it , harriet ! she smile as the child approach she . david lee hand she the money . david lee miss boatwright give I this book and all of we a nickel apiece ! rebecca hold she hand out with palm up as if to say " hand it over " -- the three child pass the money on to she -- david lee who 's win , mama ? rebecca nobody yet -- it 's all tie up . the ballgame go on as they shout and roar for nathan 's team . nathan be put on quite a pitching performance in the close , exciting game . nathan 's team be at bat -- there be two out -- a man at second and a man at bat . the man at bat hit a ground ball to the second baseman , the ball trickle away from he glove into the outfield -- he quickly retrieve the ball and try to make a play at first base , but the batter be call safe -- meanwhile the runner on second have move past third base and be attempt to score -- the first baseman throw the ball to the catcher at Home plate as the runner slide into Home . it be a close play and the umpire make the decision to call the runner safe . a uproar take place as the other team show its displeasure over the umpire 's call -- but the people who be root for nathan 's team shout and scream in ecstasy . after a short time , order be restore . ext . on the road away from the baseball diamond - day nathan and he family be on they way home , accompany by a guitar-play friend name ike . as he play , he sing one of that basic black back - country blue . he finish the song and give out with a big laugh and boast -- ike if they hear I sing like this up North I would be richer than the man I sharecrop for . nathan lee and if they see I pitch the way I do today -- they would hire I just to strike out Babe Ruth ! nathan and ike give out with a big laugh . rebecca just smile . ext . road and church - day they pass a white church on the road . a number of people be stand in the yard of the church and some be enter . david watch with inquisitiveness . david lee what do they do in the white church , mama ? rebecca same as we -- they pray . ike you know , one time by mistake I go into a white church down in row County and to this day I do not know how and the devil I get outta that church alive . nathan lee they probly think you be crazy . ike I guess so -- but I go home and do I some praying to the Lord . I say , Lord , I go into this white church down in row and all I want you to tell I be how I ever get outta there in one piece . nathan lee what do the Lord tell you , ike ? ike he say , I do not know , ike -- you doin ' better and I , I be tryin ' to git in there for 200 year and be not make it yet ! ike burst out in loud laughter , join by nathan , rebecca and the child -- rebecca if there ever be a devil in this county , ike , you be it ! nathan lee ike , you could make a song outta that ! ike I believe I will do just what you say , speed ball ! they keep move and come to a stop at crossroad . ike well , this be where I havta say good night to y'all -- it 's be fun , miss Rebecca . rebecca we too , ike . ike it 's a good , warm night comin ' up , Nathan -- you goin ' to the wood ? nathan lee oh , yeh -- possum and coon better hide deep from we tonight ! ike move away from they -- as they continue on home they can hear he sing to himself -- ext . about three hundre feet away from the morgan ' cabin - day the dark have set well as the family approach the house . sounder start to growl -- the child stop , and david lee turn he head to nathan and rebecca -- david lee there 's two man in front of we house , daddy . they all stop -- and can see the shadowy figure of two man , stand in they yard , and a pick - up truck park off the road toward the other side of the cabin . david lee who be they ? rebecca Children , come here ... the child move back -- nathan lee look behind himself and across the field as if he would like to make a dash for it -- but rebecca 's eye follow every physical and mental motion he make . nathan lee we better see who they be ... they begin to move slowly toward the house with deliberate caution , with the two man become more visible identifiable with they shotgun drop to they side . they move into the yard and stop about twelve foot from the two man . ext . the front yard - day sheriff young step out of the front door of they house . the two group do not speak for a moment -- they merely stare at each other -- the morgan family with inquire and fretful eye . sheriff young we be in you house , Nathan -- nathan and rebecca look to each other with know glance . sheriff young we find what we be lookin ' for . he move away from the door and stop at the edge of the porch -- sheriff young you take some food and stuff from the James ' smoke House last night so I and my deputy here go ' hafta take you to the County Court House . sheriff young nor the deputy make a physical move toward nathan . there be a long moment of tense silence . for a second , nathan seem to want to make a desperate break and run , but rebecca hold he by the arm with all the strength she hand can afford . sheriff young okay , boy ... the deputy move in and take nathan by the arm from both side and put handcuffs on he . earl what they doin ' , mama ? rebecca be quiet , son ... earl fall into he mother 's embrace - suddenly , sounder 's voice rip into the atmosphere , and for the first time the deputy draw they shotgun to waist level -- sheriff young shut that mongrel up ! david run to sounder and temper he as the sound fade to a growl -- the dog frantically scratch the earth as david hold on to he -- sheriff young git that truck up close here , and quick ! one of the deputy move out in a hurry to fetch the vehicle as sheriff young move down the step into the yard and look to david , hold sounder . sheriff young now boy , if you love that dog , you better keep a good , strong hold on he . the sound of the truck be hear move up close to the house , and stop . rebecca move away from josie mae and earl , and stop directly in the face of sheriff young . rebecca you be knowin' Nathan for a long time , sheriff Young , and you know what kind of man he be , and you know the trouble we face in this off-season . the sheriff cannot look she in the face -- he walk away from she and everyone , and just look out over the field -- then finally he motion with he hand to the two deputy , stand at nathan be side to put he into the truck . they lift he up into the truck as josie mae , stand up on the porch with earl , start to cry softly as rebecca move to the edge of the vehicle , real close to nathan be face . she kiss he lightly on the mouth , and then they just look on each other for awhile , in a way they know and love each other so well . then in a physical , tough manner , rebecca turn away and walk up on the porch with josie mae and earl . one deputy get in the back of the truck with nathan , and the other sit at the wheel -- as sheriff young climb up and sit next to he . sheriff young alright , let 's go ! the truck start to pull away -- david let go of he grip on sounder , and make a dash out into the road . david lee do not take my daddy ! please do not take my daddy ! rebecca David , come back here ! sounder let out with he voice , and charge past david for the truck on the road . ext . the road - day the deputy in the back of the truck aim he shotgun as sounder leap for the truck -- the thunder from the deputy 's shotgun be the only sound that can be hear in the entire valley -- sounder fall to the road . ext . the porch - day rebecca rush down from the porch to the edge of the yard . rebecca David ! ext . the road - day david keep run in the direction of the truck and sounder . he see sounder rise and fall , give out with a faint yelp , and circle into the field . he move in the direction of the house , fall and floundering , with the hind part of he body stay up -- move from side to side . david arrive at the spot where the animal be cut down , stop with he eye deadpan on the truck as it fade from he view . he look down on a huge blot of blood in the sand -- reach down and dig he finger into it -- lift he hand up and frown -- look out into the field to track the dog 's movement -- then make he way back to the cabin . ext . the front yard - day david trot back to the front yard -- rebecca be at the edge of the yard -- josie mae and earl be still on the porch -- david keep move on around the house -- rebecca stare down the road -- in she background , the figure of david and the light lantern can be see faintly , crawl under the house . josie mae and earl come down from the porch , and stop just behind they mother . josie mae mama , why do they take daddy away ? rebecca ( pause ) because he care so damn much about you and I , child . josie mae be he go ' be go long ? rebecca ( pause ) might be ... ext . under the house - day david lee , with the lantern , crawl about under the house look for sounder . david lee sounder ... sounder ... he stop and look all around he with a pain expression on he face -- sounder be not under the house ... int . the kitchen - day the follow morning rebecca pour the walnut from the bowl into a paper bag and proceed to tie the bag up as david lee look on . josie mae and earl enter . rebecca josie mae , I be goin ' into town for awhile to see about you daddy -- David Lee be go ' be in charge here , so you and Earl do just like he tell you . she step out of the front door with david -- josie mae and earl watch they move through the yard , and on to the road lead away from the house . ext . the road near house - day rebecca and david lee slowly move along up the road . rebecca watch the fire -- do not go too far lookin ' for sounder , and warm up some of that corn mush for y'all to eat . if anybody come to the house that 's a stranger to you , do not say nothin ' . they come to a halt at a short distance from the house -- and then she look softly down on the boy for a moment . david lee ' bye , mama ... rebecca ' bye , son -- I will not be go long . the mother and son move away on the road with they back to each other . david lee pick up speed and run . int . kitchen - day as josie mae and earl look on , david lee complete building a fire in the wood stove . he warm up and serve corn mush to he sister and brother . ext . backyard , under cabin , road , field , woodland - day david lee chop wood at the woodpile -- rake up a few chunks into he arm and head back into the house . he crawl under the cabin , search about carefully , look for the dog . the boy charge up the road away from the house and then cut off into the field . he spiral the brown stalk land in ever - widen circle , search the fence - row -- and then he come to the edge of the woodland . david lee search under the jack oak and cottonwood , but sounder be not there . he stand in one spot , look about the wood in painful confusion . ext . landsdown MAIN STREET - day rebecca move into town , pick up the main street , cross the town square , move in the direction of sheriff young 's office which be adjacent to the County Court House . int . sheriff' office - day sheriff young be seat behind he desk -- a deputy be sit at a table across the room . rebecca enter and stand before the sheriff 's desk . sheriff young howya do , Rebecca . I sorta be expectin ' you this mornin' . rebecca I wanta see Nathan . sheriff young I wish I could , Rebecca , but I can not let you . rebecca I do not understand that , sheriff Young . sheriff young it 's the rule and I gotta follow them . no visitin ' ' cept holiday and Sunday -- and no womenfolk anytime . rebecca you mean to tell I I can not see my own husband ? sheriff young that 's the way they do thing here in landsdown . I just follow order . rebecca I get to see my husband , sheriff Young ! sheriff young I would like to help you , Rebecca . but all that would do , be git we both in trouble . rebecca will they give he a trial ? sheriff young shore thing -- next week sometime , and as soon as I git the day , I will ride out and let you know ' bout it . rebecca you gotta low - life job , mister sheriff ! rebecca turn and storm out of the sheriff be office and onto the street . ext . STREET - day rebecca walk in haste and anger away from the sheriff 's Office on the main street of landsdown . ext . commissary - day she even move past the commissary -- stop and calm herself for a moment , turn around and enter the store . int . the commissary store - day she move directly to the counter where a elderly man stand : mr. howard , the owner of the store and farm owner the morgan family share - crop for . she put the bag of walnut on the counter . mr howard Rebecca , you jest the one I wanta see . rebecca I bring this walnut to trade . he look into the bag -- then empty the walnut onto a weigh scale -- look to she ... mr howard that 's one dollar a ' twenty cent . rebecca I wanta get some thing . mr howard I hope it be not a lot , ' cause I can not give you no more credit till the croppin ' season git back , that be if na -- rebecca I do not say nothin ' ' bout credit , Mr. Howard . mr howard whatcha wanta order ? rebecca I need some nutmeg , flour , egg , sugar , and ... a few minute later , he put she last article up on the counter . mr howard now what I wanta talk to you ' bout be Nathan . he oughtn ' do what he do : sneakin ' into the James ' place and takin ' they goods . that look bad on I . I be good to y'all -- do not I go to all that trouble to get the people of landsdown to let you David Lee go to they school ? do not I ? with the mood she 's in , rebecca do not have anything to say to this man concern nathan , david lee or that damn school . for a moment he wait for she to say something and then he go on -- mr howard and another thing ; with Nathan stick in jail and all , how you go ' crop for I when the spring season come , huh ? she still can not find word to say to this man , but try . he be impatient , and a little snap crack in he voice . mr howard dammit , I be talkin ' to you , woman ! I gotta farm to think about and I need answer . rebecca ( pause ) the season be a long way off , Mr. Howard , and by that time , Nathan oughta be home . if he be not , believe I -- the child and I -- we will grow the crop . we have to because we owe you all that money -- Mr. Howard . what she have just say about the money they owe be a frustrated think in howard be mind as he look to she helplessly . ext . porch step of the morgan' cabin - day david lee , josie mae and earl be sit on the step , look out on the road . josie mae do you think sounder be dead , David Lee ? earl will he stay dead ? david lee he be not dead , now stop askin ' crazy question ! josie mae you do not havta get mad ' cause you do not find the ol ' dog ! josie be word hit he hard . he look to she for a moment with a pain expression -- turn he eye back to the road where he spot someone come up the road toward the house from a unidentifiable distance . ext . the yard - day david lee stop in the middle of the yard with he eye dead set on the approach figure . david lee somebody 's comin ' here ... josie mae and earl move down from the stoop and stand behind david lee , they eye dead set on the road . david lee it 's mama ! the child run out to greet she . josie mae & earl hi , mama ! they all reach she as she lay some of the package down on the ground . rebecca hi , Children -- here , take some of this package . the child relieve she of all of the package , and they start move through the yard for the house . david lee do you see daddy ? rebecca no , son . we havta wait ' till the holiday come -- anyway , they will not let womenfolk see they man no time . david lee can I go when the holiday come ? rebecca you sure can , son ... they step up on the porch and move into the house . int . sitting room -kitchen - day they enter the house and start put the package on the table . rebecca any sign of sounder ? david lee no mam -- I look all over . rebecca I think maybe he be scrape on the head by that shot . I do not think he 's dead -- just go somewhere to heal himself . she take out of one of the bag of flour , cocoa , and a small bottle of vanilla flavor . earl take out from one of the bag a empty cardboard box . earl nothin ' in here , mama . rebecca I be goin ' use it to put a cake in and I be go ' let David Lee take it to you daddy ! as the child help they mother put the thing away . david lee mama ... make a chocolate cake ... daddy like thing that 's chocolate ! ( smile ) . int . mezzanine section , court room - day it be a small section provide for " color only " -- rebecca be seat with david lee and ike -- a few other black people be seat about in this area , overlook the main courtroom . court clerk defendant will rise and come before the bench . they do not even bother to sit -- they stand just inside the entrance and watch in intense silence . nathan move slowly before the judge's bench and stop . judge Nathan Lee Morgan , you have be find guilty of unlawful trespass and robbery -- do you have anything to say before sentence be pass ? nathan lee ( almost in a whisper ) . no , sir ... judge it be the judgment of this court that you be remand to the custody of the sheriff of this county and that you be take forthwith to serve a term of one year at hard labor at such county labor camp as shall be hereafter designate . next case , please ... they watch two guard lead he from the courtroom in handcuffs . david look on sadly as rebecca cringe at the sight of the Guards take he away . ext . court house square - day from the top of the Court House building , rebecca , david lee and ike can be see , slowly walk across the square , move farther and farther away . ext . backyard - day rebecca hang out clothes - david lee draw water from the well -- josie mae wring the water out of the clothes -- earl pour water into the wash tub . ext . schoolyard - day david lee , on he way to school , be late again -- enter the schoolyard , and dash into the building . ext . wood - day david lee roam about the wood , alone , in the hope that he might come upon sounder . int . the kitchen - day david lee read from " the Three musketeer " to rebecca , josie mae and earl . it be very funny -- they laugh . int . the shed - day david lee , in the shed take he father 's baseball glove down from the wall -- put the glove on -- hold it up , and then slap he fist into the pocket several time -- stop and look off into blank space -- he keep look straight ahead as if he can visually see he father off from a long distance . ext . landsdown , MAIN STREET - day Sunday , rebecca and the child -- david lee carry the cake box , make they way down the street -- people be move back and forth in they Sunday dress . they move into the Square at the Court House . ext . court house square - day at the square , they come to a halt as rebecca look up at the clock on top of the Court House building . it be about ten minute to twelve noon . they continue on around to the back of the building -- ext . back of build - day they stop in front of a huge back entrance and look up to the small window with prison bar . a number of black people be move into the area , milling about and wait as rebecca and the child be . rebecca be sure to ask you daddy to tell you what camp they goin ' to send he to . and whatever you do in there , David Lee , act perkish , and do not grieve he . the clock above the Court House strike twelve time . they listen with intensity until the twelfth stroke . rebecca all right , son , that 's it -- now do not forget what I tell you . david lee move through the doorway with the other people -- int . the corridor and stairways of the build - day david follow the other people down the corridor and then up a group of stair -- then down another corridor . they line up at a huge steel door . david touch the man in front of he on the arm -- david lee this where you go visit , mister ? man yeah ... int . admittance area - day the door swing open and a red-face Guard at a table just inside the door begin to admit people . david 's turn come and the Guard stop he . guard whatcha get there , boy ? david a cake for my daddy . guard well , you put it on this table here and wait ' till I check it . david put the cake on the table just inside the door as the Guard sit at the table . guard can not be too careful , boy , jest might have a steel file or hacksaw in it . the guard open the box , pull from he pocket a switchblade knife and with slow deliberation puncture knife hole in about fifteen different place in the cake . after he be do , he close the box and rise . guard what 's you daddy 's name ? david lee Nathan Lee Morgan ... the guard check he list on the table -- guard okay , boy , fourth cell down there on you leave . david move inside -- int . corridor of jail cell - day david lee move along the corridor , look from one side to the other at the man sit on cot and stand behind iron gate . he come to nathan be cell and there be he father , stand with he hand on the bar . nathan lee well , looka here ... david lee hi , daddy ... nathan lee hi to you , son ... he extend he hand and they shake -- and then he draw the boy close and embrace he -- david lee mama be outside with josie mae and Earl . nathan lee they be !? it shore be good to see you , boy ! finally david pass the box with the cake on to he . david lee this be a real cake before the man at the door put all this hole in it . nathan take the box and immediately open it -- nathan lee aw , do not make no difference , son . if I know you mama , a few knife hole be not go ' destroy the soul she put into this cake . come on , have a piece with you daddy . nathan break a piece for himself and pass another on to david . david take a bite out of the cake . david lee we do not find sounder yet . nathan lee he will show up one day . david lee do you think he 's dead , daddy ? nathan lee naww -- he will come back to you , soon as he wound heal . this cake shore be tasty , son . he walk away from the cell door and move to the window of he cell , look up with he back to david . nathan lee it 's a shame they will not let them come in here . if I have the strength I would knock down this damn wall -- if I could just git my arm ' round you mama right now -- be they on this side of we , son ? david lee I think so ... nathan jump up to the window a couple of time until he hand can get a grip around the bar of the small window -- he strain and pull , try to get he eye up to the window level -- nathan lee dammit ! I be go ' see them if I have to break my arm ! nathan finally get he eye up to the window -- he look down -- he can see they -- nathan lee I can see they ! I can see they ! his arm give way and he drop back to the floor on he foot -- he move slowly to david and take he by the arm through the bar of the cell -- nathan lee Son , do not ever let yourself get catch in a place like this . there be a moment of agonizing silence as they look at each other -- david lee can you say what camp they go ' send you to , daddy ? nathan lee I do not know , son -- they will not tell we thing like that -- but I do not want y'all to come here no more . david lee why , daddy ; you will not be here ? nathan lee just do like I tell you -- I will get word to you through the visitin ' preacher . guard voice visitin ' over ! people start filing out but david remain in front of the cell , look on he father -- guard voice come on , boy ! nathan lee go , son ... nathan and david shake hand and then david slowly move away from the cell , sporadically look back over he shoulder toward he father until he move through the cell block door -- the door slam behind he -- ext . back of the court house build - day david step out into the Court House yard where they be wait for he -- he feeling bound in confusion , and he face flood in tear -- he run to he mother 's arm . she embrace he long and deep . int . church - day rebecca and the child attend service at the Church -- everyone be stand -- they be in the midst of a song , lead by the pastor of the Church . like everything else in landsdown for Black people , it be a old disinherite structure with creaky , movable chair for the worshiper to sit in -- there be two high window on both side . the pastor read the verse of the song in the traditional , dramatic Black preacher 's fashion , and the congregation repeat the verse musically . song -- ext . church - day coffee , cold drink , cookie and fruit be be serve to a laugh , chatter crowd of church goer -- inside a woman be at the piano , play rhythmic uptempo gospel song . ike be there also . rebecca , with harriet in line behind she , and the child , be move up to the table to be serve . harriet if this be not a church , I would do I a dance to that music she 's playin ' . rebecca why do not you try it , harriet , and just see what everybody would do . harriet now , Rebecca , I may be a country woman , but I be not no fool . rebecca and harriet take coffee and cookie at the table while the child take fruit . they move across the floor for a corner to sit . harriet do a little move dance step as they arrive to the corner and sit . rebecca you determine to get that dance in . harriet well , you can not blame a girl for tryin ' if the feelin ' hit she . rebecca notice the preacher talk to a group of woman across the floor . rebecca if I do not go over there and butt in , I be not go ' ever get to talk to the preacher about Nathan . she rise and move across the floor . david lee watch closely as he mother approach the preacher and get he attention by touch he on the arm , and they move off to a more secluded spot in the Church . david rise and move to join they company . preacher no , I be not get no word yet , Rebecca . I go to the courthouse yesterday to see ' bout it , but they just will not tell I nothin ' about what labor camp Nathan be send to . I be sorry , Rebecca . rebecca it 's a shame , reverend . it 's a damn shame . preacher I hope you do not take to bitterness , sister Morgan . I tell you like I tell all the woman in this church who get the same trouble you get . no matter what the trial or what the misery be , I tell them to stay with God . rebecca yeah , he will crawl into my bed tonight , lie close to my body and keep I warm -- and rectify the evil in the man who live over we in this valley . preacher it 's not that simple , sister Rebecca -- the Lord work in mysterious way -- we come into this life with nothin ' and we will leave it with nothing . rebecca be that a bless , reverend ? her word jar and disturb the preacher -- ext . front of the morgan ' cabin - night rebecca and the child be just about to enter the yard , when david lee stop and pull on he mother 's arm . david lee mama , do you hear that ?! rebecca , josie mae and earl come to a halt on he word . rebecca what be it , David Lee ? david lee listen , mama ... they stand quietly for a moment -- and then they hear the sound of a faint whine come from the direction of the porch -- the whine become louder -- david lee mama , I hear sounder ! he take off in the direction of the porch -- ext . the porch - night david stop just at the top of the porch , and there , scratch at the door and wag he tail , be sounder . the side of he head where the shot scrape he be discolor and hairless -- the top of he eye be scar cause it to be half - close , and what 's leave of he ear on the same side , stick straight out . upon see david lee , he raise he good ear and whine . david rush to grab he . david lee you come back , boy ! I just know it ! I just know you would come back ! rebecca , josie mae and earl arrive at the porch -- rebecca kneel , look on the bad sight of the dog and stroke he back -- rebecca poor creature ... david lee he will be all right , mama . I will make he all right . ext . the backyard - day the next morning , david lee feed sounder as earl stand by , look on . david lee he eat all right -- he throat be not scar . earl then why do not he holler like he usta ? david lee he will ... come on , git down and act like a possum . earl I do not look like no possum ! david lee Act like one ! after a moment of hesitation , earl get down on he hand and knee -- david lee git he , boy ! earl jump to he foot quickly and back away across the yard -- earl do not tell that dog to git I ! sounder merely turn to david lee and give out with a few muffle whine -- david lee I guess I will havta work harder to git he back like he usta be . earl why do not you try and git you a new dog ? david lee take off after earl who turn , break and run out into the back field -- ext . crop field - day rebecca , david lee , josie mae and earl up in the field , work , plant , hoe and cultivate the soil -- sounder trot about the field in the vicinity of david lee -- ext . the field - day rebecca be look on about three hundred foot away as david lee run about with sounder in open field , try to work he back into physical shape -- he halfway pick the dog up -- drop he to the ground , take off and run but sounder do not follow he . he come back to the dog and ruffle he affectionately -- take off and run again -- this time , sounder take off after he . rebecca and david look to each other and smile broadly -- success !! he caress and hug the dog -- they move toward rebecca , join she , and they start walk back toward the house -- and then the rain come -- they and the dog take off in speed with huge raindrop splattering against they face and body . from the field , as they make a run for it , they figure become smaller as they near the backyard and the doorway to they home ... ext . mrs . boatwright's backyard - day a bright sunny day -- david lee be just about to quit for the day in some gardening work he be do for mrs . boatwright -- he move to the side of the house to put some equipment away when the lady approach he -- mrs boatwright David , you never cease to amaze I at how good you be in take care of my garden . david lee my father teach I ... mrs . boatwright would you like to have a cool drink , David ? david lee no , thank you -- I gotta go do some work in the field today . david start to walk away and then decide to stop , turn to she as she be head back into the house -- david lee miss boatwright -- mrs boatwright ( stop , turn ) yes , David ... david lee will you help I to find out what camp they send my father to ? mrs . boatwright the courthouse have rule about thing like that , David -- but I will ask around town about it . he look on she with a expression of disappointment , turn and walk away . david lee see you tomorrow , miss boatwright . mrs boatwright David ! david lee ( turn to she ) yes , mar 'am ...? mrs . boatwright I will find out where you daddy be for you . david lee ( smile ) thank you , miss boatwright ! ( turn and run away ) mrs . boatwright do not mention this to anyone ! you hear I , David ! he just keep run -- ext . front yard , back yard , back field - day david lee , at top speed , run into the front yard from the road , on around the side of the house through the back yard and on into the field in the back of the house , head for the crop field . ext . the crop field - day rebecca , josie mae and earl be work the field as david lee come run towards they -- david lee mama ! mama ! miss boatwright , say she go ' help I find where daddy be ! rebecca good ! but you do not have to tell the whole valley ' bout it ! you will get that woman in trouble ! int . court clerk office - day charlie david , the Court clerk , be stand behind he desk -- mrs . boatwright be seat in a chair before he desk . there be two window in the small office , a coat rack in the corner diagonally behind he desk , three chair , another small work desk , and a row of file cabinet against the wall -- charlie I can not do it , rita -- that 's the policy here on color prisoner , and I be not about to change it , not even for a friend like you . mrs . boatwright Charlie , just because a man and he family be color , you -- charlie now look , rita , I do not make the rule -- you puttin ' yourself on a limb , comin ' here , askin ' I to do a thing like this . and I be damn if I be go to jeopardize my job because you be in love with a little color boy ! the phone on he desk ring -- he pick up the receiver to he ear and sit down -- charlie County clerk 's office , Charlie Davis speak ... yes , sir ... you bet you life , sir ... yes , sir , I will be right there . he put the receiver down -- jump up , go to the rack and get he coat and start to fix he tie -- charlie that be judge elliot on the phone and when judge elliot call , I jump ! good day , rita . he move to the door , to the wait area and open it to leave -- david lee can be see stand in the background of charlie -- mrs . boatwright but , Charlie -- charlie no ! n-o , no ! just like that he be go . mrs . boatwright stand in the middle of the floor in a moment of frustration , with david lee look on from the alcove . she think for a moment and then look to the file cabinet against the wall . david stand in the doorway as she decide to go to the file cabinet . she check the outer notation on each one of the cabinet until she come to the one that read : prisoner case . she quickly open the cabinet drawer and hurriedly finger through the file until she find the file with nathan lee morgan 's name on it . she go through it until she have get the information she want and just as she be about to put it back , charlie davis have return and have catch she in he file . she look cheaply to he , slip the file back into its place , close the cabinet drawer and back away from the file cabinet . he move past david lee into the office on to the file cabinet where she be , open it enough for he to tell that she have disturb the one single file of nathan lee morgan . he slam the file drawer back shut and turn to she . charlie I see you find what you be lookin ' for . mrs . boatwright I do look , Charlie , but I - - charlie no but , rita ! mrs . boatwright Charlie , you have no legal right not to let this boy know where he father be ! you hear that , you and this whole damn court house ; what you be do be wrong ! charlie do not tell I about what 's wrong . you come into my office as a friend and steal city file ! I could have you arrest for that -- and if you give out that information to anybody , that 's exactly what I be go to do -- and I will tell everybody in this town how you get the information and who you get it for ! you will not have a friend leave in this county to bring you a piece of candy ! mrs . boatwright you would do that , would not you ? charlie you get the point , Mrs. boatwright . mrs . boatwright give he a hard and long look with the feel that he mean what he say -- mrs . boatwright let 's get out of here , David Lee . she turn and move out of the office , through the door , with david lee follow -- ext . court house step - day mrs . boatwright and david be slowly descend the Court House step , and on towards she automobile , park about a hundred foot away . she be about to open the door of the car , when david lee stop -- david lee you know where my father be , do not you , miss boatwright ? mrs . boatwright ( pause ) no , he be wrong , David , I do not find out . david lee but I see you -- you look in there , and you find out , miss boatwright . mrs . boatwright if I tell you I do not , David , that 's what I mean . david lee but , miss boatwright , you -- mrs . boatwright I do not know a damn thing , now stop bother I about it ! she get into the car as he shuffles he foot about on the ground with he head turn slightly down , remain in one place -- mrs . boatwright come , I will take you home . david lee I will walk ... mrs . boatwright do not pout now , David , it 's a long trip . david lee I be use to it . mrs boatwright well , you can not say I do not try . david lee watch she drive off and away and then he slowly start walk away ... ext . backyard - day david lee , at the well , draw up a pail of water and pour it into a container for sounder who be stand beside he , anxiously wait for the water . as sounder drink the water , david turn around to see mrs . boatwright stand in the middle of the yard . mrs . boatwright hello , David ... david lee hi , Mrs. boatwright ... ( pause ) I be sorry ' bout the way I act the other day , miss boatwright . mrs boatwright there 's nothin ' to be sorry about , David -- where 's you mother ? rebecca right here , miss boatwright . rebecca be stand in the doorway of the shed -- mrs . boatwright do not quite know how to begin -- the two woman just look to each other for awhile -- then -- mrs . boatwright the camp Nathan be at be call wishbone Labor Camp . it 's in nolan town ! rebecca let the news soak in for a moment -- david lee have a big smile on he face . rebecca move from the doorway and stand directly before mrs . boatwright . rebecca miss boatwright -- you shore be a crazy actin' woman sometime ! she burst out laugh and kick up she leg -- david pick up the laugh , then mrs . boatwright ... earl and josie mae arrive and stop at the corner of the house -- can not quite make out what this crazy laugh be all about but they move to the center of the yard with they and join in with the laugh . after a short while the laughter come to a sudden stop -- sudden , absolute silence -- josie mae mama , what be we laughin ' for ? rebecca at the way you ask funny question , josie mae ! int . the kitchen - sitting room - day in the house , rebecca and all the child be gather around mrs . boatwright at the table with a map spread out as she scan it carefully with a pencil -- mrs . boatwright we go from " a - 2 " -- now let I see where we go from here ... rebecca trouble , miss boatwright ? mrs . boatwright oh no , this map be easy to read . but she be have trouble locating the place as she pencil move about in several confusing spot on the map -- like have to find a bigger town 's indicate alphabet and number in order to search about at random to locate a smaller town -- but finally -- mrs . boatwright there it be , right there ! she make a marker with the pencil and hold it down on the place -- everybody lean over the map as close as possible to see the little area she have make a circle around -- david straighten up -- david lee how do you get there , miss boatwright ? everybody straighten up to get mrs . boatwright 's direction . she hold the map up as they look on . mrs . boatwright now they have number and letter on here to tell you where to look on the map , but nolan town be not under a number but we know it 's in Northern landsdown -- the number for Northern landsdown be : " h7 " , but since landsdown be the large county , it actually stretch over into " a2 " but " a2 " be -- be I make myself clear ? rebecca it 's clear , miss boatwright -- it 's so clear , you do not havta go any further -- thank you -- when the time come for we to find that place , we will -- will not we , child ? all the child rightttttt ! ext . crop field - day rebecca and david lee be hoe as josie mae and earl run up and down the groove plant seed -- rebecca and david complete they hoe and plop down on the ground out of exhaustion as josie and earl move toward they , seed the last groove of earth . int . the sitting room - night rebecca be sit in she rocker , knitting , when david lee come out of he room -- she turn and look to he -- rebecca can not sleep ? david lee no , mar 'am ... ( pause ) mama , I want Mrs. boatwright to find out where daddy be , so I and sounder can go see he . rebecca so do I . I figure when the time get right , we could all take a day or two and walk up there , but it 's not the kind of long trip for a child to take alone . david lee I can do it , mama -- you know that . in the Bible storey you read to we , everybody 's always goin ' on a long journey . Jacob go into a strange land where he uncle be and he do not even know where he life , but he find he . everybody find what they suppose to find . rebecca but you will be away from home for day -- what will you do when the dark come , where will you sleep ? I can not send you away from here like that ! david lee mama , do not I always do what you say -- every time I go to the field to plant the corn , to miss boatwright 's and the wood -- you tell I what to do and I do it , and you do not worry . rebecca ( pause ) no , I do not and I ought not not to after the way you have take over since they take he away -- and I would like for you to see ' im so you can come back and tell I about ' im . ( pause ) the field 's all plant , so I guess I can spare you for a little while . when do you wanta leave ? rebecca get up from the rocker and start put she knitting away in the dresser -- david lee can I go day after tomorrow ? rebecca yes , son . you better get back to bed . david lee good night , mama ... rebecca good night ... he turn , move out of sight into he room . rebecca get up from the rocker , put she knitting away , pick up the map mrs . boatwright leave , off the dresser , and spread it on the table to the light of the lantern . she can not make sense of the map -- she fold it back up and shove it to the side -- look across the room in think . int . kitchen - sitting room - early morning two day later , a little after daybreak , david be all set to make the journey with sounder -- david be at the table -- ike be stand over he as he write on a piece of paper -- rebecca and the other child be look on -- ike now afta you go by nolan , the first road you come to be Jordan road -- keep walkin ' on that road and you will run right into it . it 's a long trip , David Lee , so good luck to you . david lee thank you , Mr. ike ... they all turn around and move out the front door -- ext . front of the house - day they move out the house and down into the yard and stop . rebecca I wish you would not take the dog with you , David -- he 's likely to be a burden to you . david lee I get to , mama . I know daddy want to see he . rebecca pass on to he a big brown bag of food -- rebecca here 's you food -- now you go straight to that place -- if you need to rest , go into a church or railroad station -- but do not go into nobody 's house , you hear I ? david lee yes , mam ... rebecca ask you daddy to give you some word about when he will be comin ' home -- and tell ' im we love he . ike tell ' im I say , " hi " , too , David . rebecca pull he into she arm -- rebecca good luck to you , son ... ( release he ) all right now , get movin ' , you losin ' daylight . david give quick embrace to josie mae and earl -- and then he and sounder hit the road -- josie mae and earl , follow he part the way -- rebecca move back up on the porch , stop and turn in time to see david bid josie mae and earl " goodbye " -- josie mae and earl move back toward the house , and then the boy and dog slowly fade from she view ... ext . sharecropper ' cabin - day david lee and sounder walk the road . they pass a cabin , where another family be work . int . railway station - night david and sounder be in a small cubby hole of the station with a sign overhear that read : " color wait room . " he be look over a old newspaper as a man in a chair across from he be fast asleep and snore -- finally he too fall asleep . ext . stream pond - day david go in the water to cool off and refresh . ext . a migratory camp - day david and sounder come upon a sign in front of a migratory farm with a sign that advertise : " fruit picker and sorter need . " ext . sorting area - day david work sorting fruit for part of the day and after he be do they have a bite to eat -- ext . the road - day back on the road as david lee and sounder continue they journey . they move through a area with landscape and mountain , the size and shape that david have never see . at one point , he stop and look on in wonder and admiration . ext . the front of a house - day david lee wash a car as sounder look on . a man pay he -- he go over the piece of paper with ike 's direction and then they move on -- ext . the road - night david and sounder approach the camp . he move close to a sign that read : wishbone labor camp , nolan county . they move on farther along the barb wire barricade of the camp and then they come to a halt when david see two light and a wide barb wire gate entrance with two guard just inside the gate . they move off the road down a slope hill just beneath the entrance of the camp . they lie down on the grass to sleep . ext . the slope off the road - day it be early morning as david be awaken by the voice of the guard and the motor of a truck . truck driver' voice whatcha get for I today !? guard voice same bunch you have yesterday ! truck driver' voice . well , I will take what I kin git ! david hear the truck motor into the grounds of the compound . he and sounder crawl up to the edge of the slope so they can see . finally he decide to walk across the road to the gate where the guard be -- ext . labor camp gate - day david and sounder approach the gate and stop -- one of the guard see they and walk over -- david lee mister , can you visit anybody here ? guard gotta wait ' till visitin ' day . david lee when 's that ? guard Sunday ... david lee do you know my daddy , Nathan Lee Morgan ? guard never hear of 'im . we gotta lotta man here ... the sound of the truck , approach -- guard all right , boy , outta the way , truck 's comin ' ... he open the gate as david and sounder scatter back across the road -- the other guard call out -- other guard section J comin ' through ! guard let 'er roll ! the truck motor through the gate and stop just outside as the guard make he final check of the man . david , from where he be stand , also check it thoroughly to see if he father be on the truck . a number of truck roar through the gate and david check they all thoroughly , but he father be not on any of they . finally the last truck come out - other guard last one comin ' atcha ! guard let I have it ! the truck pull to a halt just outside the gate , and david eye the man on the truck carefully we the guard make he check -- david lee he gotta be on this one , sounder , it 's the last truck . there be not too many man on this truck which make it quite easy for david to see that he father be not on it . then where be he ? the boy think to himself as he see the truck move away up the road . the truck be move no more than about twenty mile a hour -- david lee make a decision and take off after the truck , run -- ext . a farm - day a half hour later , the truck with the convict pull into a huge farm area -- the two guard jump down from the truck and herd the man into a group while a third guard get out of the cab -- and they distribute farm equipment to the man . a picket fence stretch the area where the man work . ext . the road - day some minute later david lee and sounder , walk , approach the farm area where the convict be , move along the road outside of the fence . they stop -- david watch the man work and the guard , cover they from distance of about three hundred foot in a half moon formation , spread out . david decide and move to the fence to question the man . when he get to the edge of the road next to the fence , one of the guard spot he and start move over -- david lee mister ...? convict Boy , where do you come from ? david lee I wanta find out ' bout my daddy . be he here ? convict can not you see that guard comin ' - - git ! guard whatcha doin ' here , boy , move ! david hurriedly get back across the road with sounder and watch the guard as he move the man back . david look on in frustration , try to figure out what he next move will be -- the guard move away from the man and walk up to another guard to engage he in a conversation -- while the two guard be rapping with each other , david decide to make a desperate try of it -- david lee okay , sounder , let 's go ! david lee and sounder dash across the road , and slip under the fence into the farm area -- ext . the farm - day david lee and sounder turn on all the speed they can muster , head directly for the group of convict -- they get there -- david lee please tell I , mister ! be Nathan Lee Morgan here ? convict there be nobody name Morgan ! now get away from here before you git we in trouble ! sounder let out a growl at one of the Guards who be now charge toward they . david take off in a circle with the Guard in pursuit of he , away from the direction of the road -- sounder be close behind he -- they circle back into the direction of the road and zoom past the group of convict -- david be run at electrify speed . david and sounder be make track with the Guard still after the boy . they come to the fence and quickly slip through , but david 's hand fall on a break bottle with gash force -- he leap up and continue on across the road and into a open field . the Guard stop at the edge of the road and give up the chase -- ext . field - day david and sounder be still run with great speed . david look back over he shoulder to see if the Guard be still after he . they slow down when they approach a old abandon barn -- int . the barn - day he stagger into the barn and drop he body against one of the wall to catch he breath . sounder hobble in and nestle beside he . dissolve to : ext . the road - day david , hold he hand , sit on the road with the dog -- put he hand up before he eye -- it be practically cover in blood . a pain strike he , cause he to grimace for a moment -- look about the area -- they rise and start out once again -- david lee sorry , sounder , but we lose . better keep movin ' though , ' till we find somebody to tell we how to get back home . ext . road and school - day they come upon a large schoolhouse with the name over it : borderdale School . they stop when david see a number of Black Children play on the grounds -- climb on little ladder and swinging on swing . he notice a water pump on the grounds , look at he blood - cover hand -- hesitates for a moment and then decide to enter the grounds -- ext . school ground - day david and sounder head straight for the pump and just as they arrive at the pump a group of Children gather around they -- # 1 child you new here ? # 2 child you comin ' here to school ? # 1 child what 's wrong with that dog ? two dog near the side of the schoolhouse bark at sounder -- he merely whine and scratch back at they but they bark intensify until a young , attractive black female teacher interfere -- camille come on now , get away from here ! the two dog gallop off as do the Children -- they scatter away from around david and sounder . the teacher walk over to david and stop -- david lee I just wanta wash my hand . it 's get blood where I hurt it . camille you do not live around here , do you ? david lee no , mam ... I come from way back there . I and my dog be tryin ' to find my daddy and we get lose . camille be he here in borderdale ? david lee I do not know , he 's in a prison camp . camille here , you put you hand under the water and I will pump for you . she pump and david put he hand under the cool , flow water -- camille my name be Camille -- Camille Johnson and I be the supervisor of this school . what 's you name ? david lee David Lee Morgan . my dog 's name be sounder . ( take he hand out from under the water ) that feel better . camille let I see it ... she take he hand into hers -- pull a kerchief from she pocket and dry the water off -- camille you hand need medicine on it . you better come with I into the school so I can put something on it -- int . a classroom in the school - day she apply some medication to he wound -- he wince for a moment -- and then she begin to wrap it in a bandage -- david keep look about the room , admire its cleanliness , the long blackboard , the strong , steady student chair -- camille you keep look around , David . do not you go to school ? david lee sometime , but not like this . camille it 's a good thing you hand do not become infect -- how do you cut it like this ? david lee I and sounder go to this prison camp to see my daddy and the police guard run we away and I fall on some glass . camille do you mother know you be go to see you father ? david lee uh huh ... camille ( complete the bandage ) that do it ... david lee thank you , miss Johnson . camille I do not live far from here . you and you dog can come home with I and have yourself a hot meal and then we will talk about how to get you back home . dissolve to : ext . camille's place - day david walk about camille's quaint , neat little home with he eye light up as he look around and about -- david lee you get a pretty house , miss Johnson ! camille I try ... int . camille be - day they enter . david spot the many book she have on a shelf -- he move to the shelf as she stand next to he -- david lee you get a lotta book , too . ( scan the book ) you get any book with people in them like huckleberry Finn ? she turn in a quick , reflex motion , directly to the boy -- camille Hell , no ! david break out in a big smile because he be glad to know that she have no book like huckleberry Finn . she return he smile , and put she finger on one of the book -- camille here , let I tell you something about the book on this shelf : this one 's about a man whose name be crispus attuck . he fight in a war to help this country to become the United States . and this one be about a woman who help to free slave . her name be harriet tubman , and ... int . camille's kitchen - night camille finish wash the dish -- move for the sit room as david trail she -- david lee and you say all they people be dead now ? camille that 's right -- int . camille's sitting room - night she move into the room with david follow she -- camille they live a long time ago -- before you and I be bear . david lee where be Africa , miss Johnson ? she move to she desk and pull out a drawer -- camille come here and I will show you . she open the desk drawer -- get down on the floor and spread the map out . david sit down next to she as she go over the map . camille here it be , right here . david lee that 's where we come from first ? camille that 's where we come from first . she rise from the floor and put the map back into the desk drawer as david move to the book shelf -- david lee and the other people you tell I ' bout , they be all color folk ? camille color . david lee do not you teach in you school ' bout folk who be not dead ? camille sure -- she move to the shelf next to he and take a book from it -- camille here 's one by a man that 's very much alive . david lee what 's he name ? camille Dr. William E. B. dubois. ( finger through the book ) david lee what he talk ' bout ? camille why do not you sit and I will read you something he say . she sit in a chair at the desk and he take a place on the floor just beneath she , wait anxiously for she to begin the read -- camille ( read from the book ) the longing of black men must have respect -- ( she divert ) which mean that a man and a woman be human and must be treat that way -- ( she return to the text ) the rich and bitter depth of there experience , the unknown treasure of there inner life -- as she read , david be mind and imagination take to draw picture and image of what he can apply to he intuitive understanding of what she be read to he -- camille's voice over : -- the strange ending of nature they have see , may give the world new point of view and make there loving , live , and do precious to all human ... david' image : the night in the wood with he father and sounder . the shouting and laughter after the baseball game -- camille's voice over : ... heart . and to themselves in these day that try there soul ... david' image : he , josie and earl , run and play in the field . camille's voice over : ... the chance to soar in the dim blue AIR above smoke be to there ... david' image : his visit with he father at the County jail house -- camille's voice over : ... finer spirit boon and guerdon for what they lose on earth by be black . david' image : his mother , with she head throw back , she eye aglitter and laugh . camille have finish read -- she place the book down on the desk as he look on she from the poor with tenderness -- david lee you be a friendly lady , miss Johnson . camille and you be a tired little boy . I will make up the cot and you must get some sleep . she move into the corner to prepare a place for he in the sit room . david lee what about sounder ? camille he will get he place too -- now off with you clothes and into bed . david unclothes himself and crawl into the bed as camille stand over he -- camille now do not you think it 's time you tell I all about yourself ? david lee I have a mother and she name be Rebecca -- my father 's name be Nathan Lee Morgan , and ... int . school room CLASS - full angle - day camille be stand in front of she desk before a overfil class room . david lee be seat in a chair against a wall on one side of the room . camille anyone here know what chapter that story be from ? a boy rise with abrupt and fast confidence -- boy # 1 chapter twenty - six ! camille twenty -six ? the text have but six chapter ! boy #l that 's what I mean , miss Johnson . take away the two in front and all you get leave be a six ! the class room break out in a gusto of laughter . camille now you know I be not go to have the laugh ! the laugh die sharply and quickly -- camille smile to herself -- camille I will get back to you later , Mr. twenty -six . let 's not stop now , we have to keep this mood move . the story have to come from one of the text book we have already read in class , or it have to be a true story of you own . let 's get it go now -- we do not have that much time leave ... she move around and sit at she desk -- after some indecision on the part of all of the Children , one boy finally rise from he chair -- clarence I get a story , miss Johnson -- it 's a true story that happen to I . clarence be a soft -ey boy about eleven or twelve year of age . he behave as if he 's not too sure he want to tell he story -- camille you know that the class be go to challenge you story , do not you , clarence ? clarence yes , miss Johnson ... camille go on ... clarence ( hesitates ) I and my little sister , go down to the water hole , last Saturday -- a girl rise and interrupt he -- girl # 1 you be doin ' something ' wrong already -- you do not tell we the name of you sister ... clarence ( pause ) my sister 's name be ... ( pause ) I and my sister , Laura , go down to the water hole last Saturday and we be playin ' ' long the edge of the water and Laura slip and fall in the water . I start to run back home , but I turn around , run back , dove into the water and get she out before she could drow ... no one say anything -- clarence just stand there , look around the room , wait for someone to utter something - camille how be you sister after you pull she out of the water ? clarence she be dirty and wet ... swing to : close angle - girl # 1 girl # 1 what be you doin ' , runnin ' away from the water ?! swing back to : angle - clarence clarence I be go home to get my daddy . quick to : close angle - boy # 1 boy # 1 what make you stop and go back !? quick to : close angle - clarence clarence Cause if I hadda run home , by the time I get back , my sister woulda drown . quick back to : close angle - girl # 1 girl # 1 how come you do not know that at first ? move back to : close angle - clarence clarence I be scared ! quick move to : angle - boy # 2 boy # 2 hold it ! clarence 's story be not true ! I and clarence be to the river a lotta time , and I know , he can not swim ! move to : close angle - camille she be somewhat throw -- hesitates but must follow through , delicately -- camille clarence , would you tell we a story that be not true , after tell we it be ? pull to : cross half angle - classroom clarence no , miss Johnson ... camille can you swim ? clarence ( pause ) yes mam ... swing to : angle - boy # 2 boy # 2 clarence , you know you can not swim ! every time I try to show you , you fall down , and I have to always pull you out ! swing to : close angle - camille camille be that true , clarence ? move to : close angle - clarence clarence ( pause ) yes mam ... but when I see my sister ' bout to drow in the water , I try because I be not scared no more ! I be just swim and kickin ' ! I do not know how I be doin ' it ! but I be , cause my sister be drown ! she be drown ! pull to : full angle - CLASS room clarence sit -- the class be silent -- move to : close angle - david lee david lee have be deeply involved in everything that have take place in the room . as he sit , he be split with indecision as to whether he should rise and say something or to remain in he place . but he make a sudden decision , and rise -- david lee I believe clarence 's story ... pull to : full angle - CLASS room all eye turn to David Lee -- camille you want to come forward and tell we why , David ? he hesitates for a moment -- he move and stand before the class -- david lee some people come and take my daddy away and other people say we could not work the farm . but we have to , ' cause we do not wanna lose we farm . we plant the crop and they grow . I believe he story ' cause he story be about what he do when he have to do somethin' . he do not know how to swim but he have to or else he sister woulda drown . that 's how he do it ... he look around to camille , and then he move back to the place where he be , and sit and then the class room break out in applause - move to : angle - clarence he be happy to know that he story have finally be accept as the truth -- swing to : close face angle - david lee his face too be beam with laughter -- ext . front of borderdale school - day camille and david lee exit from the school house -- david be fill with excitement over he adventure in the class room . they be join by sounder who be impatiently wait for david . david lee stroke the dog a few time , and they keep move on out of the school yard -- camille well , how do you like the class , David ? david lee it be the best thing I ever be to , miss Johnson ! they move out of the school yard towards town . int . camille's place - night camille be busy herself , sweeping , dusting furniture item , put thing in place , etc . -- david lee be follow she about the place , help she wherever he can -- his spirit be very high at the moment . sounder be crouch in a corner , look on at the activity -- david lee ... so I and sounder , run right by the man that be the prisoner , and crawle under the fence ! that 's when I cut my hand on the glass . it hurt like mad ! but I keep runnin ' , and then I do not feel no more hurtin ' till I stop runnin ' ! ( pause ) why be that , miss Johnson ? camille because all you could think of be get away from the guard . david lee oh ... ( pause ) . you right , that 's all that be worryin ' I right then ... camille you know , that be a good thing you do for clarence , in class today . I believe he story , but I be afraid the other child would not ... david lee he be real scared nobody would believe he -- I could tell , even when he first stand up . camille you could ? how ? david lee I be like that myself , when I think nobody be gonna believe I ... ( pause ) you wanna hear another story ?! camille not now , David , it 's time for bed . you have a long trip ahead of you in the morning ... a think grip the boy , and he move to the window , and stare out into the darkness , as camille start to make the bed for he -- she stop for a moment , and look up and over at he at the window -- camille what be you look at , out there ? there 's nothing to see . david lee my daddy like to look into the dark , even when there be not nothin to see -- it 's what you hear he say . camille notice and feel that he mood have change . camille you think about you father a lot , do not you ? david lee yes mam ... camille well , you should not worry about he too much , David . david lee what do I tell my mama when I get home ? I do not find he and that 's what I want to do . camille but you do all you could , David . not many little boy could have go on such a journey as you do . david lee but where be my daddy !? camille I can not answer that for you -- but it 's no fault of you own that you do not know where you father be now . you tell I what you do that keep you from find you father . ( pause ) come on , tell I ... david lee ( pause ) nothin ' ... camille and so you do you job , right ? david lee ( pause ) yes , mam ... camille whewwww ! you sure keep my mind jump , boy ! david lee what do that mean ? camille means you keep I use my head , and that 's good ! she return to make up the bed . david lee ( pause ) miss Johnson ... do you think I can come back here , and you let I study school with the other child ? the question stop she work -- and then she momentarily struggle for a answer for the boy -- she sit down on the bed as he turn back to gaze out of the window . she look on he for a moment , rise , move to the window , put she arm around he shoulder -- and they both look out of the window into the blank darkness -- ext . front of the house - road - day josie mae be on the porch with earl when she spot david and sounder on the road , rush toward the house . josie mae mama ! mama ! she and earl rush out to the road to meet they -- rebecca move out of the front door behind they . david be carry two book give to he by camille . they all reach he about the same time . josie & earl hi , David ! sounder ! rebecca what happen to you ? I have be worried out of my life . what 's wrong with you hand , son ? david lee I cut it on some glass and we get lose , mama . rebecca do you find you father ? david lee do not see ' im , mama . the other man there say they do not know daddy . rebecca I guess they musta send ' im to another camp . they all start move for the house . rebecca what 's that you carryin' ? david lee some book miss Johnson give I . rebecca who 's miss Johnson ? david lee miss Johnson be a teacher , and ... they move on through the yard . int . kitchen - sitting room - day they enter -- david and the other child sit at the table -- rebecca begin to prepare something for the boy to eat . david lee so when I leave , she give I this book . rebecca miss Johnson must be a real kindly lady . david lee she be , mama ... ( pause ) when the fall come , she want I to come to she school . rebecca how can you do that ? you do not live anywhere near that school . david lee she say I can come live with she while school goin ' on , and come back home every time there be not no school . rebecca but who 's gonna help I here with the house and in the field ? she put some food on the table before he -- he hesitates before eat -- she be about to exit through the back door -- stop in the doorway and turn back to he . rebecca if you father be back by then it 's all right with I if it will be all right with he ... rebecca move out just like that , leave the boy throw and bewilder for a moment -- he look in the direction of he mother 's room for awhile and then slowly start to eat , with he appetite practically go -- josie mae and earl on the other side of the table be stare at he . david lee whatcha starin ' at ? josie mae tell we some more ' bout the trip ! ext . cornfield -weighing station - day a hot , mid - July day -- late afternoon -- rebecca , david lee , josie mae and earl be work the mill . david lee point with he finger in give out assignment to josie mae and earl . they run across the field to a particular row of corn , with croker sack in they hand . josie mae and earl be behind rebecca , pick the corn in armful -- run back to the stationary place where they leave they croker sack , and drop the corn into the sack . ext . cornfield - day a white man in a wagon roll in the aisle between the row of corn -- stop the wagon at each sack , where rebecca and david lee load the corn up on the wagon . ext . weighing station - day the wagon roll up to the weigh station on mr . howard be premise and come to a halt -- rebecca and david lee climb down from the wagon . mr. howard be there . rebecca and david lee unload the sack from the wagon , and put they down on the scale , while the man who be drive the wagon write down the weight number on a piece of paper -- int . the kitchen - night rebecca , josie mae and earl be gather around david lee as he slowly complete write a letter -- he sit back to read it . david lee ( read ) " dear miss Johnson . how be you ? I be do okay . I tell my mama , my brother and my sister about you , and they like you too . I can not make this letter too long because I have work to do . bless you , David Lee Morgan " they all look to each other with big triumphant smile of pride on they face . rebecca Son , you sure write a good fine letter ! ext . the wood - day david lee walk through the wood with a book in he hand -- he stop , sit down at the base of a tree , when suddenly he react as if he hear something -- he rise and rush away -- he run , stop and look around he , in search of someone , and then he take off again at high speed along a pathway of the wood . his speed build and build , and suddenly he break the wood , and the night , into high grass field . ext . grass field - day it be broad daylight , and the sun be shine -- david lee wipe he eye and look about the field of high grass -- he hear a voice and take off run until he break the high grass into open field . ext . OPEN field - day he see he father , with sounder at he side , stand about three hundred foot away from he , smile . he rush to he father -- they embrace and then they start to run across the open field , the three of they . they run and they run , keep pace with each other , as they speed increase . david lee drop he book , stop to pick it up -- after he straighten up with the book to continue the run , he stop in he track -- he father and sounder be nowhere to be see -- he look out over the entire field -- they be not there . int . child be room - night david lee wake up -- he look to earl and josie mae , and then into the empty darkness of the room , and wonder ; where do the dream come from -- where do it go to -- ext . the porch - day later the same day , david lee be lie on he stomach , read from one of he book . rebecca be do some sewing -- sounder come from around the side of the house , hobbling back and forth to the road and back . rebecca what 's wrong with he , David ? david lee it 's the heat . rebecca it 's when the heat be so bad , dog go crazy . david lee he will not go mad -- he 's just lookin ' for a cooler spot . rebecca see a lone figure upon the landscape way out from the house emerge as a speck and slowly grow into a ripply form through the heat wave -- josie mae and earl come from around the house and sit down in the yard . rebecca who 's that to be fightin ' scorchin ' heat out in open land like that ? sounder move about restlessly in the yard -- and then suddenly the voice of the great coon hound break the sultry August deadness and dash across the road toward the figure . rebecca jump to she foot . rebecca he 's go mad ! stop he , David ! david lee take off after sounder -- he voice be ringing at a peak as he keep move until he arrive at the figure . rebecca see the man kneel and take the dog into he arm , and now the light hit at the top of she mind . rebecca oh my God , it 's Nathan ! it 's Nathan !!! she drop everything and charge off the porch with josie mae and earl , make haste behind she . medium angle - rebecca , josie mae and earl - porch Pov as they dash across the road and into the field , almost in one physical motion . quick pull to : full long angle - morgan family - porch Pov david lee fall into he father 's arm -- rebecca embrace and hold he close to she -- josie mae and earl move into he embrace -- sounder move back and forth around they -- david lee jump up and down with joy -- they start move toward the house -- nathan move with a accented limp in he right leg , and then they stop . smash to : ext . the field - close face angle - david lee - day david lee what 's wrong with you leg , daddy ? close face angle - nathan lee nathan lee get it hurt in a dynamite blast , son . the dirty dog have no more use for I , so they let I have time off my sentence , and let I come home . pull to : full angle - everyone rebecca the most important thing be that you be home ! ( pause ) we be gonna have cold eatin ' tonight , ' cause of the heat , but now , I be goin ' to cook ! nathan lee well , let 's get to it , miss Rebecca , ' cause I be waitin ' too long a time for you good cookin ' ! they move out of the field and across the road for they home . int . kitchen - night nathan and the child be at the table just after eat as rebecca be busy herself in the area , clean up . nathan lee all I can say , Rebecca , be that be some meal ! thank you ! she stop she work , turn to he and smile . rebecca I be glad you like it , Nathan . she return to she work . rebecca alright , child , it be you bedtime two hour ago -- let 's get a move on you ... josie mae and earl rise and move around the table to they father . josie mae goodnight , daddy ... nathan lee goodnight to you , little girl . he kiss she on the face and then earl move to he . earl night , daddy ... nathan lee goodnight , son ... he embrace earl -- and then the two child move for they room , with rebecca accompany they . nathan lee Son , that be some trip you go on ... david lee where be you , daddy ? nathan lee that musta be afta they send I to this place call clayburn . that be the hardest workin ' camp they send I to . the work be so hard , you have to look for something ' to laugh about to keep from feelin' the whole pain in you body . like one time , it be in the middle of the day , and there be not no sun -- you hear that ? david lee where do the sun go to , daddy ? nathan lee into the cloud and behind the mountain . david lee what happen afta that ? nathan lee the rain start to come , and the prisoner be scared to run ' cause they have to wait for guard to round we up , and tell we when to move -- but we do not mind the rain comin ' ' cause it mean we would git a little rest -- we just stand there , watchin ' the guard and they weapon get wet , and that make we all feel kinda good for a minute . I be laughin ' all over inside -- a minute , that 's all , but what a minute it be ! he laugh -- david lee laugh along with he -- the laughter trail off . david lee daddy , I be so glad you home ! nathan reach across the table and shake the boy 's head with he hand . nathan lee and I too , son ! you shore do get to be such a big little man ! david lee we goin ' huntin ' again , daddy !? nathan lee you bet we be ! david lee I clean and oile all you stuff while you be go ... rebecca re-enter from the child 's room , cross for she room , stop at the door , and turn to they . rebecca you time now , David Lee ... she enter the room -- david lee rise from the table , move to he father , and extend he hand out to he for a shake -- they shake hand . david lee goodnight , daddy ... nathan lee goodnight to you , son ... david lee move for he room , stop and turn back to he father . david lee daddy , you home now ... that 's all I want -- I do not want nothin ' else ... nathan lee come here , son ... david lee move closer to he -- nathan take the boy into he arm , and hold he close . he release he -- the boy smile , turn and move into he room . nathan look on the door for awhile where the boy have enter , rise from the table and move into he room . int . nathan and rebecca' room -- close face angle - david lee - day a expression of soft thought and affection . pull to : angle - nathan lee - david lee Pov nathan be in bed , asleep . he turn over and as he do , he eye catch sight of david lee -- he prop himself on he elbow to come out of the sleep as he look to the boy . nathan lee mornin ' , son ... david lee mornin ' , daddy ... move to : full angle - nathan and david lee nathan lee where 's everybody ? david lee they go to the field ... nathan lee guess I can not just lay here , then . he lift himself up and sit on the edge of the bed , rub he hand through he hair -- react , look down on the floor . close face angle - david lee as he look to he father with affection -- pull quick to : full angle - room david lee cross to a chair , take up he father 's trousers and shirt off a chair and he shoe from the floor and pass they on to he at the bed . nathan lee thank you , son ... he begin to slowly put on he clothes -- david lee you feel alright today , daddy ? nathan lee great , son -- not like wakin ' up in jail . for a minute or two , do not quite know where I be , but when I see you face lookin down on I , make I know right away the day be gonna be a good one , and it all belong to I ! close half angle - nathan lee as he smile down to the boy - CUT to : close angle - david lee as he return he father 's smile - pull to : full angle - room as they both exit from the room -- nathan lee lead the way -- int . sitting room -kitchen - full angle - day they keep move to the kitchen area . david lee mama leave something ' for you to eat on the stove -- they arrive at the stove -- nathan take the cover off a pan to take a look . nathan lee smell good , too ! he turn away from the stove , and they move out the backdoor for the backyard . ext . the backyard - full angle - day just as they step out into the yard , they be immediately greet by sounder . nathan lee hi there , big boy ! sounder leap all over he -- he wrestle playfully with the dog . nathan lee they think one little ol ' shotgun be gonna stop you -- you show huh , boy ! sounder continue to paw all over he . nathan lee down boy ! that 's enough ! sounder turn to david who kneel to stroke and caress he as nathan move to the water well , and begin to wash up . david lee daddy , when be we goin ' huntin' ? nathan lee soon -- but it will not be too much huntin ' you will be doin' , ' cordin ' to a good little story you mama tell I last night -- you will be goin ' away from here , will not you ? quick move to : close face angle - david lee nathan be question seem to stab the boy , and he sink into a troublesome silence . pull back to : full angle - nathan - david Pov he wait a moment for the boy to reply , then move for the shed and enter -- david lee look on the blank door of the shed where nathan have enter -- he rise from the ground and he and sounder move into the shed . int . shed - angle - nathan - there Pov - day david lee and sounder enter and stop just inside the door . nathan be go over he equipment . nathan lee you keep my stuff in real good shape , son . he take up he baseball glove and a ball -- try the glove out in he hand -- then toss the ball to david . david catch it -- nathan pick up he bat -- nathan lee come on , son , throw a couple to I ! he move briskly out of the shed back into the yard -- david and sounder run out behind he -- ext . backyard - full angle - day nathan move to the house end of the yard -- david take a position at the field end . nathan lee alright , chunk it to I ! david throw the ball softly and it land in nathan 's glove . he throw the ball back to david -- david catch it in he bare hand . nathan lee let I have one with a little steam on it , now ! david rear back and fire a hard one at he . it pop into he glove . nathan lee Boy that be a mean curve you just throw ! pull back to : david rear back once again , and throw a hard one . nathan lee that 's enough for now , son . I better eat so we can get out to the field and help you mama before she come lookin ' for we , and you know how tough you mama can get ! ext . cornfield - day rebecca , josie mae , and earl be work the field when mr . howard drive out in he truck -- he get out and approach they . mr howard ( smile ) hi ya , Rebecca ... rebecca ( the cynical truth ) tire . mr howard ( look about the field ) somebody tell I Nathan be back . how be he ? rebecca why do not you pay he a visit , Mr. Howard ? he will tell you all about it . mr. howard I will do that , Rebecca ... I will do that ... mr howard move back to he truck and drive off . as they watch the truck move away -- ext . cornfield - day they all turn to see nathan limping toward they with sounder and david lee -- they wait until they arrive -- nathan lee what do he want ? rebecca to invite you to he house -- the two of you could just sit under the shade tree , drink ice cold whiskey , and just shoot the breeze ! nathan lee do you tell ' im I be too busy for that kinda stuff ? he put he arm around she shoulder , and draw she close to he -- the child stand by with big wide open smile on they face -- nathan lee dammit ! it shore feel good to be back home ! he release she -- walk about twelve foot away -- inspect some of the corn -- look about over the field -- nathan lee y'all do some good job with the crop . he turn and walk back to they -- nathan lee well , let 's get to work ! rebecca you sure you feel up to it , Nathan ? nathan lee yeah . I feel real up to it right now . come on , David Lee , you and I will do the load . rebecca and the other child start in with the pick , but rebecca watch nathan with concern as he , david lee and sounder move through the field -- finally , she return she full attention to the work -- nathan lee I be real proud of how you help you mama to keep this place goin ' , David Lee . david lee thank you , daddy ... they come to a group of corn - fill sack alongside the wagon and stop . nathan lee I will lift up the back end , and you just hold on to the front end for I . he lift up the back end of the sack -- david lee take hold of the front , tie end , and they struggle to get it up on the wagon , with nathan grunt and groan . the same thing happen with the second sack -- nathan lee wheeew ! this be some hard work , but it beat goin ' to jail . david lee you will not be goin ' to jail again , will you , daddy ? nathan lee no , son -- they would have to kill I before I would let them do that to I again ! he realize he have say the wrong thing from the worried look on the boy 's face . nathan lee nobody 's goin ' to jail , and nobody 's gittin ' hurt . come on , let 's get this one up on the wagon . nathan reach down for the bag -- he leg give way on he and he fall on he behind -- david lee you hurt , daddy !? nathan lee no , no , I be all right , son ... this damn leg just will not act right no more ! he try to get up right away but the leg be in such pain , he can not make it -- david lee mama ! mama ! rebecca and the other child come run toward they -- rebecca what 's wrong , Nathan ? david lee he can not get up , mama ! nathan lee this do happen before . it be not nothin ' -- I just have to wait a minute or two . rebecca be there something I can do to help you ? nathan lee yeah , just stay where you be ... he support himself on he right arm and slowly push himself up to where he can stand on he foot -- nathan lee there , you see ? rebecca I see , all right -- it 's time for we to get out of this field . nathan lee I just get out here ! rebecca it 's lunchtime , and I wanna have a talk with you , Nathan Lee . come on , child ... she turn briskly and move off with josie mae and earl follow -- nathan lee woman worry too much for I . he slowly start to limp away with sounder but david lee remain stand where he be -- close face angle - david lee there be worry and concern in he face as he watch he father strain to walk on the injure leg -- pull to : full angle - nathan lee , sounder and david lee as nathan stop and turn to david lee -- nathan lee you comin ' with we , son ? after a bit of hesitation , david lee slowly move toward he father , who have now turn and be move farther out of the field -- ext . front of the house - full angle - everyone - day rebecca be sit on the porch , cut string bean -- josie mae and earl be play hop scotch -- david lee be toss the baseball to he father as ike enter the yard -- he have a white envelope in he hand -- sounder be stand near nathan . nathan lee hi ya doin ' there , ike ? ike any time it 's Saturday and I do not hafta do any work , I be doin ' okay ! nathan lee whatcha get there ? ike seem this piece of mail come to Mr. Howard 's place this mornin ' and he have I to bring it over here . nathan lee well , let I have it . ike do not belong to you ! it 's for the little important man , here ! he hand it to david lee -- david lee do not look at the envelope as he take it -- everyone 's attention be to david lee and the letter now -- nathan lee well , son , who be it from ? david lee hesitates for a moment , then hold the letter up to read -- david lee ( pause ) from miss Johnson -- nathan lee well , be not you go ' open and read it for we ? he look directly to he father , and then to he mother -- walk to the step and sit . they all gather closer to he as he take he time , open the envelope . when it be open -- he seem not to want to read it -- david lee ( read ) dear David , if you be come to school here , be sure to bring some warm clothes . the school term will begin September 8th , but it would be good for you to be here by the 4th or 5th of the month . I do hope everything be fine and you will be here . give my " hello " to you family . your truly , miss Camille Johnson ... nathan lee September 4 -- how far away be that ? rebecca ' Bout a week ... with directness , nathan lee move toward the wagon in front of the yard -- stop and turn -- nathan lee come on , child , let 's go ! move on to the wagon . pull to : wider angle - include edge of road and wagon nathan climb up on the wagon and sounder leap up behind he as josie mae and earl follow . david lee step down into the yard and merely look on -- rebecca where you goin ' !? nathan lee to the commissary to get this boy some clothes ! I be go ' get everybody something ' ! rebecca but , Nathan -- nathan lee do not tell I nothin ' ' bout what we owe ol ' man Howard ! I will do the owe , and let he worry ' bout the collect ! come on , David Lee ! david lee do not move from where he be stand . nathan lee do you hear I , boy ? come on ! david lee move slowly to the wagon stop and look up to he father -- close face angle - david lee david lee you just come back home , daddy . I do not wanna leave right now -- I wanna stay home and be with you . nathan lee and I wanta be with you , too , but this school be something ' that 's good for you -- something you need , like good air to breathe , and I want you to have it , boy , and that 's the way it 's gonna be ! david lee but , daddy , you need I here to help you in the field -- daddy , you leg be hurt -- you can not work like you use to . who 's gonna help you !? who 's gonna do the work , daddy ?! nathan lee ( grab he by one arm ) let I tell you somethin' , boy ! I do not care if both of my leg be cut off ! I can do more work in that field , than you could in a hundred year ! david lee I will not go , daddy ! I will not go ! nathan lee now wait justa minute ! you do not tell I what you be not gonna do ! I tell you ! I say , you goin ' to that school , you goin ' ! you hear I ! he release the boy , climb back up on the wagon , and look down to he -- pull to : wider angle - include wagon , child and sounder close face angle - david lee with a look of confuse sadness -- david lee daddy , do not make I go away from you . quick move to : angle -- nathan lee the boy word have render he speechless -- he do not quite know what to do or say for the moment . move to : full angle - front of the house david lee turn and run out into the field -- nathan lee David ! the boy keep run -- nathan climb down from the wagon and go after he -- nathan lee David Lee , come back here ! rebecca rush down from the porch and move for nathan -- rebecca Nathan ! nathan lee stop in he track , he back to she -- pull to : angle - rebecca - nathan' Pov rebecca please , leave he be , Nathan ! he miss you in a grave way while you be go -- he sweat and worried to find out where they holdin ' you -- go on that long journey -- you come home , and it 's a natural thing for he to wanta hold on to you now . medium close angle - nathan lee as he rake a long hard look to she -- turn , and move out into the field to find the boy -- sounder follow he -- move to : close face angle - rebecca as she watch he move out into the field -- ext . the cornfield - nathan lee - day as he move about the field in search of david -- he move into various area -- farther and farther into the field . nathan lee David ! David Lee ! he get no response to he call -- he move on and on about the field in search of the boy -- nathan lee David ! you hear I callin ' you !? he move on even farther , and finally he spot the boy , sit on a high lump of earth with he face down between he leg , cry -- nathan stop , and then slowly move to the boy and sit beside he -- nathan lee Son , will you listen to I for a minute ? after a minute 's hesitation , david slowly raise he head , and look up to he father -- nathan lee you know , son , when I get this leg hurt , I be down in a rock quarry , and all of a sudden , there be this dynamite blast comin ' at I with the kind of force to kill ten man , but I get outta the way of most of they rock , quick and the lightnin ' in God 's mind -- ' cause I make it up in my head , just that quick to beat the death that be comin ' at I . and that 's what I be gonna do with this trouble in my leg . I be go ' beat it . that 's all that 's leave for I to do . that 's what I want you to do . I want you to beat the life they get laid out for you in this valley . david lee look directly at he and then turn away . nathan lee I be watchin ' you sister and brother out here the other day , and I say to myself , this be just child -- they be not get no business out here in this hot sun ... as for I and you mama , we be in this field so long , we be not never know anything else . david lee be look straight out and away from he . nathan wait as david hesitates -- finally the boy hold he hand up before he eye -- he drop he hand , rise and move away from he father -- stop about five foot away . about three row away , the white man be drive through the field in a truck -- they watch the truck move on -- nathan lee there be not nothin ' here but people like they bastard that send I away , and try to kill I . Son , please do not get too use to this place . I be gonna love you wherever you be . I , you mama , josie mae and Earl , we gonna love you even more . we gonna be at that school to see you every chance we get . close face angle - nathan lee CUT to : close face angle - david lee as they look to each other -- they eye draw they closer to each other , and then david rush into he father 's wait arm -- nathan lee I love you , son ! do not ever think I do not love you ! ( pause ) we go ' get to be friend ? david lee yes , daddy ! yes ! nathan hold the boy out from he -- they just look to each other as david wipe he eye and calm down . they start move out of the field -- pull to : longer angle - nathan and david lee as they make they way out of the field -- int . the child be room - full angle - day david lee be pack a bag with sounder nearby he as josie mae and earl look on -- when he be do , he close the bag [ and hand it ] on to earl -- david lee all right , get a move on you , bag boy ! earl drop the bag on the floor -- earl you carry you own bag ! josie mae I will carry it , David ... earl quickly pick the bag back up -- earl naw , I be carryin ' it ! david lee thank you , josie mae . josie mae for what ? david lee for Earl helpin ' I out with my bag ! he laugh as they all move out of the room -- ext . front of the house - day as the child exit from the house , rebecca be at the wagon , look on nathan as he load a box of david be thing on the wagon -- they approach he , and he take the bag from earl and load it up on the wagon . nathan climb up to the rein , sounder hop up on the wagon , and then rebecca take david into she arm -- rebecca be good and be smart , little boy . david lee yes , mar be ... she release he . he embrace josie and earl -- climb on the wagon behind he father . nathan lee I oughta be gettin ' back here by tomorrow night some time ... gitttt ! the wagon roll away -- david turn back to wave -- david lee bye ...! all bye ...! rebecca keep she eye on the wagon for awhile , and then , she and the child turn and slowly move into the house -- ext . the wagon - day as the wagon roll up the road , david lee reach back and ruffle sounder about the neck -- look out over the field , and all the place he be familiar with -- turn to he father -- david lee you know something ' , daddy ? nathan lee what 's that , son ? david lee I be go ' miss this ol ' raggedy place . nathan be worried for a moment -- but david break out in a big grin as if he 's about to get to the punchline of a joke -- david lee but I be not go ' worry ' bout it ! the father and son break out in a gusto of laughter as the wagon roll along up the road ... fade out