source code written by Ben ripley 1/18/2007 source code darkness . a SOUND slowly build : the rhythmic rock of a train be wheel over railroad track ... int . high speed train - morning colter jolt awake . sunlight hit he face . he blink . a stunne beat . he 's disorient . slowly he turn he head to one side ... passengers . fill most of the seat . Office worker on they morning commute into a city . turn the other way , he 's confront with a window . tree flash by , split the rise sunlight into a hypnotic strobe pattern . colter look to be thirty year old . a military buzz cut . a discipline physique , lean and spare , almost gaunt . skin burnish by year of desert sandstorm and equatorial sun . his expression , prematurely age by combat , be perpetually wary , sometimes predatory , accustom to trouble . despite he military bear , colter wear a button down shirt and navy sport coat . on he wrist be a digital watch . it read 7:40 a.m. he swallow . a strange , creep panic . he have no idea where he be . ext . new jersey countryside - morning the train hurl straight at we . new angle -- skim alongside as the train twist and turn , suck up track -- foot , yard , mile of it . beneath it , the curving rail , which the rush train barely seem to touch . they vibrate with a eerie , dulcimer hum . 2 . int . train - morning colter have not move . by he side he see a canvas messenger bag . be that he ? tentatively , he lift the edge of the bag to look inside . a red apple roll against two library book . the bag 's leather name tag read : " sean fentress . " '' it 's not come back to he . this whole experience be start to freak he out . he catch the scent of something . a passenger walk by with a steaming cup of coffee . chk -thock ! two row back , a overweight man open a can of soda . sitting opposite colter , face he , be a woman in she late twenty ( christina ) . in contrast to the corporate suit around she , she appearance be thrift store funky : black nail polish , dark lipstick , black hair with blue streak , a button - down blouse edge in black funeral lace with silver skull - and - bone cufflink . she 's busy write in a journal . colter ma'am ? nothing . colter Excuse I ... mar 'am ? she look up . blank stare . colter what be this ? christina what 's what ? colter where be I ? christina ( look out the window ) almost at Newark . go back to she journal . colter what 's Newark ? a city ? 3. christina it 's more of a hell hole . but colter still do not understand . he get up . nausea slam into he . he hang on to the seat . colter woah . ( beat ) I think I be go to puke . christina ( gesture , alarmed ) okay , bathroom 's that way . colter look down the aisle , hesitate . christina go. seriously . colter ease himself into the aisle . totter down the length of the car until he find the restroom . the door be locked . the latch read " occupied . " '' brace himself , he lurch forward into ... int . train - second car - morning he freeze . it 's a mirror image of the first car . but no , the passenger be different . beside he there 's a small door . think it 's the bathroom , he instead open it to find a conductor' compartment . a cramped office with chair and surveillance monitor . conductor ticket ? a heavy - set conductor stand in the aisle . a jangling of key . colter just stare at he . daze . conductor May I see you ticket ? the last thing on he mind . bewildere , he search he pocket . colter I do not think I ... 4. conductor have to write you up then . he pull out a citation pad . colter be this ...? from inside he sport coat he pull out a train ticket . the conductor snip he ticket and brushes past . colter wait a sec . I be a little out of it here . where 's this train head ? conductor New York . Penn Station . colter New York ? why would he be go to New York ? how can this be happen ? fear start to grip he as the hallucination simply continue . colter do you know where I get on ? the conductor examine he ticket again . conductor Princeton Junction . colter where 's that ? conductor " '' Bout ten minute back . colter but I have never be to Princeton Junction . see ... I do not remember waking up or buy a ticket or get on the train or anything else . it 's just a blank . conductor lucky you . the jade conductor move on . colter be alone with he confusion . take a deep breath . the nausea have ease slightly . 5 . colter okay . you be gonna figure this out . int . train - first car - morning enter the first car again . the row of passenger . must be at least forty people . as he walk back up the aisle , he look from face to face : a pale computer engineer review some document . a forty - something secretary do a crossword puzzle . derek , a stock broker type , talk on he cell phone : derek trust I , by one o'clock , the bridge be go to be jamme ... a college student , slump against a window , eye shut , listen to a mp - 3 player . a old man with a fade wool suit clutches a cane . a backpacker , female , european , 20 , hike boot , examine a guidebook . a dowdy officer manager type sort supermarket coupon into a tabbed file box . a African american executive read a newspaper . none of they pay any attention to colter . a whoosh of AIR -- he turn to a AIR -conditioning vent . the hiss of AIR sound sinister . like the exhalation of a creature . a scrape . he look to see a woman filing her nail . colter cringe . every detail , every sensory impression seem heighten , near the point of overload . he reach Christina again . ease back in the seat across from she . she write in she journal , ignore he . 6 . there 's something else in he sport coat . a wallet . he turn it over a few time , inspect it . pull out a driver' license . another man 's face be in the photo . the name on the license read : " sean fentress . " '' the same name as on the messenger bag . the street address on the license read : " 58 Alexander Road , Princeton Junction , New Jersey . " '' colter Sean fentress ? who the hell 's that ? and why do he have this guy 's wallet ? he lean forward to speak with Christina again . colter ma'am ? she lower she journal , annoyed . we see she have not be write but drawing . a well - execute sketch of a face . christina why do you keep call I mar 'am ? how old do you think I be , anyway ? colter I be have a little problem here . I be try not to freak out , but I think something 's happen to I . christina like what ? colter like , total memory loss . complete . I do not know how I get here . christina so you drank too much last night . so do i. unfortunately , I remember the whole thing . colter that 's not it . see ... I be a pilot . I fly helicopter in Iraq . I be in the army . she wait for more . as if he 's tell a joke . colter I be on a mission . right before I wake up here I be in the middle of a mission ... 7. waver . unsure of himself . his memory . christina Boy , you really do drink a lot last night . colter I be tell you the truth . announcer ( v.o . ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . the train begin to slow down . a few people begin to get up . the platform of Newark Station slide into view . colter this be not my clothes . and this wallet here ... he hold up the driver 's license . one final attempt to convince she . colter you see this ? this be not I . christina of course it be . colter what ? christina take a look in the mirror , good sir . the mirror ? she go back to she sketchbook . determined not to be interrupt again . anxiety ripple through colter . colter this can not be happen . the train lurch to a stop . announcer ( v.o . ) Newark Station . colter get up . through the window , a few passenger disembark onto the platform : derek , the Old man , the College kid and guzman , a Middle Eastern man , who hurrie past all of they towards the station building . 8. colter only half notice all this . he 's intent on reach the train 's bathroom , the door of which be now OPEN . announcer ( v.o . ) all aboard . Doors be close . Christina watch colter go . curious . announcer ( v.o . ) this be a New York bound train . next stop , New York - Penn Station . the train begin moving . colter reach the bathroom . int . train bathroom - morning a fluorescent light flutter on as colter shut the door . he 's in a tiny space with prefab restroom fixture in stainless steel . he shout in surprise . recoil backwards . eye lock on the mirror stare back be sean fentress face . not he own . he 's freeze there . heart pound . seize by cosmic panic . he slap himself in the face . hard . colter wake up ! the restroom rattles and tilt with the motion of the train , obliging he to hang on . this be not a dream . at least not one he can wake up from . the other guy 's face stare back at he . blink when he blink . int . train - morning Warehouse go by in a blur . the train be enter New Jersey 's industrial zone on the outskirt of New York City . from she seat , Christina stare at the messenger bag which colter leave behind . then up at the close restroom door . CUT to : bathroom door 9 . her hand knock . christina hey . you okay in there ? int . train bathroom - continuous colter sit on the close toilet seat . head bury in he hand . scare . desperate for it all to end . int . train - continuous Christina 's hold colter 's messenger bag . she talk through the close door . christina you leave you bag on the seat . which be a flagrant violation of rail security , leave a suspicious package behind and all that . I probably save you a huge fine . no answer . christina I will just leave it right out here for you . she place the bag beside the door . she hesitates at the door . the oddness of this situation . int . train bathroom - continuous colter stare into the mirror at the stranger 's face . practically catatonic at this point . and then she voice -- christina ( o.s. ) if it will help you remember , you have be riding this train every morning for three month . her word rouse he . colter ( whisper ) Three month ?! 10 . int . train - continuous Christina 's walk back down the aisle . the car rock to one side as a express train flash by on the opposite track , go the other way . a blur and a whoosh , and it 's go . int . train bathroom - morning on the verge of open the door , colter hear a metallic rattling . two screws be rattling around in the sink . colter pick up a screw . turn it over and over in he hand . what be they do in the sink ? he look up . a overhead ventilation panel have be pried OPEN . above it be the darkness of a crawl space . something be sit up there . from outside come a train horn . int . train - morning through the window , a freight train be pass the other way . a move wall of metal boxcar and liquid tanker . int . train bathroom - morning colter look up into the crawl space . can not quite see the object up there . move carefully in the tiny space , he stand up on the toilet . grabbing onto the ventilation panel , he wrench it all the way open . then pull himself uncomfortably upward . on tip -toe , he look into crawl space and discover a massive bomb it 's a enormous device . several large cannister tie together , full of sloshing liquid . barely discernible behind wire and gaff tape be cell phone -- the bomb 's detonator . colter Jesus . 11 . running footstep from outside . commotion . a alarm sound . the bomb' cell phone ring -- the device circuit close -- the bomb explode in colter' face with a huge and deafening force , instantly killing he . int . train - continuous the fireball rip through the car -- killing christina and all the other . ext . train track - morning fuel line explode in the other car in a horrendous chain reaction . the fire be spectacularly bright , lighting up the window of the rowhouse apartment face the track . nearby tree incinerate , mere matchstick amid sheet of flame . on the rowhouse , a aluminum door molding begin to melt in the intense heat . one of the freight car , load down with coal , shudder from the blast , wobble a few yard then pitch over -- rolling off the rail , tipping right off the elevate track ... it fall through the air and smashes into the middle of a traffic intersection below with a shatter force . the cascade of explosion continue . large portion of both train be annihilated , while the heat reduce the heavy - gauge steel rail back to elemental , molten ore . and then ... a odd sound , like a balloon loose air or machinery wind down as we dissolve to : brilliant white . all sound cease . for exactly 1/3 of a second , a mysterious pattern of line appear . like metal rod , maybe . radiating outward . it make no sense . a abstract pattern . then it 's go . many will not even see it . 12 . now there be only darkness . nothingness . second pass . the click of a intercom switch on . goodwin ( v.o . ) this be beleaguere Castle . int . isolation unit we be very close on colter 's upside down face . his eye flutter open . he 's surprised to find himself alive . consternation flash through he as he discover that he 's tightly strapped in . he now wear a military flight suit . goodwin ( v.o . ) Captain colter Stevens , this be beleaguere Castle . acknowledge transmission . the measure calm of a mission controller 's voice come over colter 's headset . goodwin ( v.o . ) Captain Stevens , do you copy ? colter where be I ? goodwin ( v.o . ) you be with beleaguere Castle . pull back , fractionally , to reveal colter in a tight and confine capsule . it bristle with sophisticated electronics and ghostly glow diode . he 's like a astronaut in a orbiter craft . goodwin ( v.o . ) be you functional ? he try to clear he head . he 's still upside down . colter I be dizzy . goodwin ( v.o . ) adjusting you rotation . very slowly , almost imperceptibly , colter 's upside - down face begin to turn and right itself . 13 . goodwin ( v.o . ) can you report at this time ? colter what be this ? who be I talk to ? more confusion . no idea how to react . just as on the train . goodwin ( v.o . ) report what you see . colter when ? goodwin ( v.o . ) just now . colter I be on a train . goodwin ( v.o . ) and ? colter and ... there be a bomb . ( panicking ) what the hell be go on ?! goodwin ( v.o. ) just relax , Captain . dissolve to : int . isolation unit later . we be still in the tiny chamber . it 's stabilize . as have colter , but in the manner of a dangerous wild animal give a sedative . embed into the control be a two inch- square video monitor . it show the face of goodwin . he 's a middle - age communication officer . although we know he as goodwin , he military name badge and rank insignia have be cover up . he wear a headset and sit surround by bank of electronic equipment and keyboard . he peer in at colter , exude the blandness of a military flight controller . goodwin standby for thread one of alpha memory pattern . 14 . colter who be you ? goodwin you already have that information , Captain . now think . recall my name . a long moment . a name float into he head . colter goodwin ? goodwin correct . colter how do I know that ? I have no idea how I know you name 's goodwin . goodwin commence memory pattern . colter listen to I . something 's wrong . I be fly a mission . I be in a chopper . then I wake up on a train . now I be here . can you explain that ? what unit be this ? goodwin you be with beleaguere Castle . colter who ? goodwin you be with friend . ( patiently ) the exercise will assist you . be you ready ? just like with the train , he seem to have no choice but to go along with it . goodwin memory thread one. listen to the follow passage : " when lily wake , she have the bed to herself . she sit up , bewilder by the strangeness of she surroundings ; then memory return , and she look about she with a shiver . ( more ) 15 . goodwin ( cont 'd ) in the cold slant of light reflect from the back wall of a neighbor building , she see she evening dress and opera cloak lie on a tawdry heap on a chair . " '' end of thread one . silence . be it colter 's turn to speak ? colter I do not get it . be this a Red flag exercise ? goodwin thread two. listen . I be hold the follow hand of card : Queen of spade . four of club . nine of club . Three of heart . nine of heart . ( beat ) I repeat : Queen of spade . four of club . nine of club . Three of heart . nine of heart . end of thread two . bead of sweat on colter 's forehead . what the hell ? goodwin thread Three . the follow be a recording of a western screech - owl : a rather spooky bird call play -- a short whistle , follow by a long trill . the call be repeat twice more . goodwin end of thread Three . end of pattern . acknowledge . unexpectedly , in the back of he mind , a reply be there . colter a ... acknowledge . end of pattern . how do he know to say that ? a condition response ? goodwin stand by to initiate pattern recall . colter go for pattern recall . the response come to he more quickly . like line from a old script . even if it still baffle he . 16 . goodwin ( v.o. ) the five play card . arrange they in order of descend value , irrespective of suit . he think for a moment . focus. play along . maybe it will all be okay . colter Queen , two nine , four and a three . goodwin that be correct . the passage I read contain mention of a woman 's name . what be that name ? colter Laurie . ( then ) no. lily . her name be lily . at each answer , goodwin make notation and adjust gauge . goodwin that be correct . end of pattern . goodwin lean forward to flip a switch and everything goe dark . int . isolation unit over darkness , the SOUND of background conversation . Engineers speak in technical jargon . click . the unit 's video monitor come on again , illuminate colter in its glow . he 's still strapped into the capsule . the tiny monitor show a out of focus view of a lab . like a movie camera inadvertently leave on between take . engineer wander past , oblivious . they disjoint conversation continue at low volume . abruptly , a man smoking a pipe sit down in front of the camera . his gray hair be windblown and unkempt . his eye be pierce blue . he wear a track and field warm - up jacket . he look in at we with a unsettle cheshire - cat grin . he puff on he pipe . wink . press a button he -- click -- shut the whole thing off again . sound and picture vanish . leave we suspend . 17 . int . isolation unit a indeterminate amount of time have pass . goodwin be back on the monitor . goodwin please list the primary specification of the aerial platform you have be train to operate . colter mull he option . should he talk ? keep silent ? he tug against the steel harness hold he in . a hatch , like the kind use on submarine , seal the capsule . goodwin 's voice grow slightly louder over he headset . goodwin please list the primary specification of the aerial platform you have be train to operate . colter be someone go to tell I what 's go on here ? goodwin please list the primary -- colter the uh - 60 blackhawk helicopter weigh 20,250 pound with a maximum exterior load capacity of 8,000 pound . it have a range of 320 nautical mile and be armed with two 7.62 millimeter machine gun . goodwin that be correct . ( suddenly redirect ) who bomb the train ? colter the train . goodwin who bomb the train , Captain ? colter I have no idea . 18 . goodwin whom do you suspect bomb the train ? colter I do not know ! goodwin you do not see ? colter will you tell I what the hell be go on here ? goodwin the screech - owl song can be see as a progression of musical note . do the note go up , down or remain at the same pitch ? colter I do not know . just tell I -- goodwin how many time be the bird call repeat ? colter what do this have to do with the train ? goodwin how many time be the bird call repeat ? colter twice . goodwin incorrect . who bomb the train , Captain ? colter I do not know who bomb the train ! colter be seethe now . have it with this game . goodwin you have seventeen minute . use they . find the bomber . on screen -- goodwin lean forward to press a button and -- 19 . click . everything go dark . we hear colter 's nervous breathing . colter ( v.o . ) hey . what 's happen ? the hum of machinery start up . colter ( v.o. ) goddamn it , goodwin , what be all this ? the machinery hum change modulation . then give way to a gentle rocking sensation . tha-thunk . tha-thunk . tha-thunk . int . train - morning colter open he eye ... sunlight hit he face . in flicker pattern . he turn to look out a train window at the pass woodland scenery . he 's back on the train . back in the same navy sport coat . across from he , Christina be at work on she sketch pad . just like before . other commuter all around he . everything be exactly the same as before . note : the remain story will follow this " binary pattern . " '' scene will take place either on the train or in the capsule . compare to tomb-like isolation chamber he just come from , the train be explode with sensory input -- the smell of steaming coffee , the cramped proximity of other passenger , the crinkle of a freshly - irone dress shirt , the glint of a buckle on a purse , the slant sunlight , the tree out the window , burst with summer leave . almost unintentionally , colter find himself repeat the same open action as last time -- check he watch ( 7:40 a.m . ) ... turn at the scent of pass coffee ... peek in the canvas messenger bag beside he ... this time , however , he take the book out of the messenger bag . the book be stamp " new york public library . " '' he also take out the apple . sniff it . take a bit . it 's good . no , it 's awesome . crisp and delicious . 20 . be goodwin watch he from somewhere ? not know what else to do , he take a few more bite . enjoy this small pleasure . he reach in he sport jacket pocket and pull out he train ticket . close on -- the ticket . it have not be punch yet . chk -thock ! the overweight man open he can of soda . just as before . colter it 's a goddamn simulation . Christina 's pen stop sketching . she glance up . colter a three dimensional , completely immersive scenario . touch , taste , sound , sight and smell . a measure of relief . a way to think about all this . christina be you talk to I ? colter complete with pretty girl . christina pretty girl . colter every combat simulator have one . in the middle of a fire fight a pop -up window start play a porno . ( confident now ) you be a unusual choice for a distraction . christina and you be a moron . disregard she , colter get up . pursue a new line of action . the only way he can make sense of this . he start walk up the row . colter find the bomber . find the bomber . the conductor approach he . 21 . conductor ticket ? expecting this now , colter hand over he ticket to be punch . colter everything okay today , chief ? conductor say what ? colter anything out of the ordinary ? the conductor frown at he . who be this guy ? conductor please take a seat , sir . colter move on . he look for suspect . we have see the face before -- the Computer engineer , the Secretary , the stock broker , the backpacker and so on . all seem normal . he find himself focus on a jumble of unfiltered detail -- suit . ties. shoes. skirt . watch . newspaper . coffee cup . litter . sudden dizziness . he grab a seatback for support . sensory detail slam into he . we go extremely close on : the stitching on a leather purse . a fountain pen rattling in a fold - out tray . AIR conditioning hiss from a vent . a crumpling SOUND as the overweight man crush a empty soda can . tap , tap , tap -- the Computer engineer tapping he foot on the floor . faster and faster . derek , the Wall Street type , talk on he phone : derek trust I , by one o'clock , the bridge be go to be jamme ... then ... the click of a lock unlatching . 22 . the restroom door swing open . guzman , the Middle Eastern man , emerge . after a furtive glance around , he quickly take a seat . now colter make the connection . the bomb in the restroom . the Middle Eastern man emerge from the same restroom . colter start down the long aisle . in he seat , guzman slip on dark glass . he look forbid with he mustache and olive - color skin . colter how 's it go ? colter stand in front of he , arm cross . behind he dark glass , guzman ignore he , but he 's visibly uncomfortable . colter what 's you name ? guzman be stock still . bead of sweat on he forehead . the conductor appear , accost colter . conductor do not I tell you to take a seat ? colter goodwin ? where be you ? it 's over . I find he . appeal to goodwin 's invisible presence . but nothing happen . conductor who be you talk to ? a edgy silence . other passenger look over . colter 's about to retort , about to accuse guzman , when he stop . it 's too easy . colter sense the uproar he 's about to create . which just might be a mistake . he reconsider . colter sorry . this guy seem a little ... anxious . I be worried about he . guzman ( thick accent ) I be mind my business . tell he to mind he . 23 . the conductor have notice guzman 's white - knuckle uneasiness . conductor you feel all right , sir ? with a pain smile , guzman loosen he collar . guzman motion sickness , I be afraid . I believe I will get off at the next stop . conductor very well . the conductor turn back to colter . colter okay . I be sit down . turn away , he find a seat . he study guzman out of the corner of he eye . announcer ( v.o . ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . the train begin to slow down . several row up , he see Christina . she look back at he with distaste . a small number of passenger get up , among they the College Student . he catch colter 's attention as he pick up a wallet from a seat and catch up with derek , the stock broker , who 's about to get off the train . college student hey , you drop this . derek ( relieved , take back the wallet ) wow . thanks . the College Student wait to get off . colter now eye he closely . as the train pull to a stop , guzman forcefully push forward towards the door , move with a barely contain urgency . 24 . guzman Excuse I ... please let I through ... colter ( to himself ) Jesus , he 's run away . ext . newark platform - morning the door slide open . announcer ( v.o. ) Newark Station . the Old man , derek and the College kid get off . guzman hurry past they towards the station house . announcer ( v.o. ) all aboard . Doors be close . just before the door close , colter step out onto the platform . eye lock on guzman -- who disappear inside the station house . the train pull off , leave colter behind . do he make the right move ? as he go to pursue guzman , colter be strike by more sensory impression : the station clock . its digital numeral flash 7:50 a.m. , hurt colter 's eye with they brightness . the die hiss of the rail as the train recede down the track . the super- sharp glint of a penny embed down in the gravel of the track . the melancholy sigh of tree in the wind . push it all aside , he hurry after guzman . int . newark station house - morning enter , colter stop . there 's no sign of guzman . just a empty marble lobby . a lone clerk restock timetable brochure at a display . 25 . colter a guy just come through here . do you see where he go ? clerk ( not look up ) lot of guy come through here . window look out over the station 's parking lot . there 's no sign of guzman out there . colter he be just here . a Middle Eastern - look guy . through the platform door come derek , follow by the College kid . derek head for the parking lot , while the College kid mill around the newspaper stand . a muffle cough . colter spin . see a door mark " men' room . " '' int . newark station - men' room - morning push open the door , colter discover a row of 1930' - era sink and stall . a intercom crackle to life : announcer ( v.o. ) the train to Philadelphia will be four minute late ... the train to Philadelphia will be four minute late ... colter 's footstep echo down the length of the desert I n's room . the last stall door be shut . from within the close stall , come the sound of vomiting . colter edge closer . a toilet flush . guzman emerge from the stall . look awful . freezes when he see colter . colter all better now ? guzman 's face harden . he go to the sink to wash he hand . colter do not much care for train myself . 26 . the bathroom mirror , of course , reflect back Sean fentress 's face , not colter 's . guzman do not seem to notice this disparity . he pick up he briefcase and briskly walk out . colter take a uneasy look at fentress look back at he in the mirror , then follow guzman out . int . newark station - morning colter emerge in the lobby . guzman be nearby . a bit indecisive . colter wander over to the newspaper stand . the station clock read 7:54 a.m. colter look down at he watch : three minute remain . what will guzman do ? guzman glance over at colter , then head through the door and back out on the train platform . ext . newark station - morning guzman sit on a bench . colter stop nearby he . guzman I resent this . this be harassment . you obviously work for someone . FBI . CIA . ( bitter ) I expect this reception in you country . colter how be you go to pull this off ? that bomb have a cell phone detonator . and I do not see a pay phone around here . so I be betting you get a phone on you with the number already program in . guzman I have no idea what you be talk about . I be a international business man . a executive . the track begin to vibrate . in the distance come the horn of a express train approach . colter open you briefcase . prove to I there 's no phone in there . 27 . guzman ( stand up ) I will prove nothing to you . leave I alone . wham ! colter punch guzman with tremendous force , send guzman sprawling to the ground . colter 's hand throbs from the force of the punch . the simulation 's reality stun colter all over again . crouch down , colter pop open guzman 's briefcase . Inside be a corporate identification badge with guzman 's name and photograph on it . the company be Shell oil . colter ( reading ) " hasnan guzman , vice President , Shell oil . " '' must be a cover . announcer ( v.o. ) Philadelphia train now approach . guzman groan in pain . colter rifle through he briefcase . colter where the hell 's you phone ? another look at he watch -- 20 second . grabbing guzman , colter go through he suit pocket . he triumphantly pull out guzman' cell phone and step back . guzman look up at he , eye moist with humiliation and malice . colter I think so . now let 's see you try to -- a distant thud rattles the station window . colter pivot , look down the track . the first thing he see be the express train close in on the station . the second thing he see , far beyond it , mile further down the track , be the rising plume of a huge explosion . colter look back at guzman in shock . then down at guzman 's cell phone . which have remain off . 28 . colter you do not do it . disbelief . as the din of the distant explosion be drown out by the roar of the arriving express train with a cry of rage guzman spring up and push colter into the path of the on - coming express train -- with a blast of its horn , the train run he over . everything stop . like film celluloid catch fire in a projector , the world itself blister and burn into searing white ... into smother , forgetful silence ... for exactly 2 / 3 of a second ( 1 / 3 of a second longer than before ) , the same flicker after-image appear : thin line -- radiating outward -- this time they all connect into the spoke of a wheel . a bicycle wheel . int . isolation unit the SOUND of machinery straining . colter be slammed back into he seat -- back in the capsule . all he can do be hang on and gasp for air . colter Holy fuck ! goodwin ( v.o. ) stabilize . lower you pulse . colter open he eye . he 's back in he military flight suit . the craft go still . cautiously , he release he hand from they grip on the seat restraint . he look like he 's sweat off five pound . goodwin do you need to urinate ? colter a fuck train just run over I . 29 . goodwin do you need to urinate ? colter how be you do this ? be I on some kind of drug ? goodwin do you find the bomber ? colter I do not find the bomber . you fool I with the Middle Eastern guy . I go for the diversion . what kind of freaky simulation be this ? let I out of here ! goodwin which Middle Eastern guy ? be specific . colter guzman . Shell oil. look , I do not have intel experience . why do you have I do this ? goodwin you have already be tell what you need to know . discipline you memory . limit you operational awareness to the task we assign you . everything else be irrelevant . colter irrelevant ? killing I each time be irrelevant ? goodwin you do not die . as you can see , you simply return to we . colter how ? how can you do that ? silence . colter who 's the man with the pipe ? goodwin say again ? 30 . colter there be a man smoking a pipe . I see he on the monitor . who 's he ? how do he fit into this ? goodwin the man with the pipe be not here right now . colter let I talk to he . this be not right . I be not you prisoner . goodwin make technical adjustment to dial and gauge . goodwin you feel unsatisfy with we relationship ? colter what be this ? why be you talk like that ? be this some kind of script ? goodwin if guzman , the Middle Eastern man , be innocent , as you maintain , who might be the guilty party ? colter who care ? I be tired of this . goodwin this be not a game , Captain . colter then what be it ? do not you already know who the bomber be ? do not you have all the answer ? goodwin we have no answer . only corpse . a weird beat . colter corpse ? whose corpse ? the passenger ? goodwin some be too badly burn to be identify . ( more ) 31 . goodwin ( cont 'd ) the heat from the explosion fuse many of they completely into the wreckage . be this the truth ? or another evasive answer ? his mind pull in all kind of unpleasant direction . colter this be real people ? goodwin yes . colter this really happen ? goodwin yes . colter when ? goodwin today . colter today ?! the train blow up today ? goodwin it be attack this morning , at 7:57 a.m. , Eastern Standard time . six mile outside of New York City . colter 's head be spin . colter you be lie . I do not believe it . goodwin what do you sense tell you ? his sense tell he it 's true . but how can he accept it ? colter where be I , right now , as we speak ? goodwin with beleaguere Castle . colter my unit 's still in Iraq . I be fly mission in Iraq . I fly one yesterday ! 32 . goodwin you unit be rotate stateside three week ago . the news come like a slap in the face . colter clearly have no memory of this . colter then why do I still have iraqi dirt underneath my fingernails ? goodwin simply make another adjustment on the control . colter talk to I ! Three week ? I have be back three week ? how would I get in here ? have I see my family ? do my father know I be home ? " '' Cause I would kinda like to tell he if that 's the case . goodwin listen up , soldier . goodwin hunch forward , put he elbow on he desk . as he do so , he inadvertently reveal a glimpse of he military unit shoulder patch . the insignia contain wing and a lightning bolt against a background of star . underneath it be write " caoc - N . " '' goodwin the train be just the beginning . we intel say there be more attack be come today . and they be link with the train . time be of the essence . do you understand ? colter barely hear . he 's fixate on that shoulder patch . goodwin Captain ? colter I be listen . goodwin d.n.i. counterterrorism have come up with the five most likely follow - up target in the New York area . ( more ) 33. goodwin ( cont 'd ) they be , in no order of importance , the Holland tunnel , Newark International Airport , the Brooklyn Bridge , Penn Station and the Empire State Building . it could be any of they , it could be none of they . whatever it be , if you find the bomber and learn he plan , the next one we might be in a position to prevent . that be you order . it 's too much information to process . colter 's head spin with question . colter wait . if I be somehow on that train before it blow up , why do not I just dismantle the bomb ? goodwin that be not you order . colter but all that people die ... goodwin that be not you order . you be not to influence event any more than you need to in order to accomplish you mission . military priority . defy comprehension . colter I do not volunteer for this shit . goodwin would you like to see the release form you sign ? colter ( exasperated ) how do I know it 's real ? how do I know you do not force I to sign it ? and how the hell can I be put on a train over and over again -- a train I never be really on ?! he might as well be talk to a wall . colter I do not believe in time travel , goodwin . there 's no such thing . 34 . machinery begin to run . like the whine of a jet engine fire up . goodwin only one way forward , Captain . seventeen minute . find the truth . colter why seventeen ? why I ? why anything ? the capsule begin to shake . colter let I out ! do not send I back there ! sfx : up on a huge roar as -- ext . train track - morning the train hurl down the track . int . train - morning landscape fly by . colter 's forehead rest against the glass window . pierce sunlight . colter shit . this be not happen . he lean back in he seat , as if just another beat down office worker on the train . christina ai not life grand ? across from he , Christina sketching . a gentle smirk . he focus in on she . not know where else to begin . colter you a artist ? christina I go to art school . do not make I a artist . colter can I see what you be work on ? 35 . her pencil pause . she eye colter . christina I would rather not . he look down at he watch . 7:41 a.m . he 's be back for one minute . adjusting the setting , he change the digital display to count down the remain sixteen minute . he try again for human contact . colter you do not look like you belong here . the way you be dress . christina you certainly do . colter I would really like to see what you be work on . unless you be worried I will not like it . christina it 's private . and you opinion do not interest I . colter so you scribble away on that thing so as not to deal with people . she scowl . toss the sketch pad onto he lap . surprise , colter open it . it 's full of face -- thumbnail portrait of other passenger riding the train . they be exquisitely observe , darkly stylize into expression of loneliness . colter they be amazing . christina I would not go that far . colter seriously , they be really good , miss ...? christina Christina . colter my name 's colter . how many of this passenger have you draw ? 36 . christina all of they , practically . she lean forward , eye glint conspiratorially . christina I know all about they . colter you know all about they ? christina I be a collector of moment . ( discreetly gesture ) that woman over there ? she 's a patent attorney with three kid and a summer place on Long Island . more important , however , she color she hair herself and wear the same houndstooth check suit every third Wednesday . the nebbishy fellow behind she always call into he office three minute before we go into the tunnel . and the guy with the shave head and leather jacket eat a scone have a profile identical to that of julius caesar . a click of the restroom door open . guzman emerge from the bathroom and return to he seat . colter ( re : guzman ) what about that guy ? Christina look over guzman . christina I have not see he before today . ( looking closer ) he 's cranky . thinks the worst of people . colter dangerous ? christina everyone 's dangerous . colter you see anything unusual happen this morning ? anything out of the ordinary ? 37 . christina I be not sure I know what you mean . colter have anyone else come out of that bathroom that you remember ? she take a closer look at he . a puzzle smile . christina who be you ? colter hesitates . debate . colter do not you know ? have not you see I here every day for , what , three month ? christina something 's different about you today . colter if I tell you that there 's a terrorist on this train , that I be send here to catch he , would you believe I ? christina most fervently . colter then tell I which one you would arrest . Christina page through she sketch pad again . consider different face . christina they be all so utterly normal . that 's what 's terrifying about they . perhaps there 's more than one . a team at work . the patent attorney in cahoot with julius caesar and the nebbishy guy . and do not forget the sullen college kid . he 's the expendable one . but they be all control by this good - look stock broker . she show he she sketch of derek , the stock broker . 38 . christina blond , blue eye , hyper alert . the perfect machiavellian operative . out for himself . he will betray they all in the end . she 's not take he seriously . colter never mind . he get up . foolish of he to confide in she . his watch now read thirteen minute . announcer ( v.o. ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . the train begin to slow . derek , guzman , the Old man and the College kid head towards the exit door . christina ( stage whisper ) he 's get away ...! colter move aside to let they walk past . colter ( curt dismissal ) thanks for you help , mar 'am . christina ma'am ? how old do you think I be ? colter I do not know . thirty two ? her icy glare tell he he 's guess too high . ext . newark station - morning the disembark passenger exit the platform . int . train - morning the train be move again . in the exit area , colter watch the station disappear . he 's do this all wrong . announcer ( v.o. ) next stop New York Penn Station . 39 . int . train bathroom - morning the two screw rattle in the sink . colter gaze up at the half - open ventilation shaft -- and at the edge of the sinister bomb plant there . back down to the mirror . Sean fentress 's face . the most baffling mystery of all . colter what happen , fentress ? who be you ? how can I be you ? flashcut -- back in the isolation unit . on the monitor , the glimpse of goodwin 's shoulder patch insignia . the unit initial " caoc - N . " '' back to scene . colter churn over the think . colter " caoc - N . " '' what unit be that ? a knock on the door . int . train - morning through the window come the blur of the express train whizzing past ( the same train which previously run over colter ) . emerging from the bathroom , colter discover Christina there . christina who be you talk to ? colter leave I alone . colter walk off . irked at he change in tone , she follow he , carry he messenger bag . christina my pleasure , okay ? it 's just that you leave you bag on you seat . ( try to be cute ) it 's a flagrant violation of rail security , leave a suspicious package behind and all that . maybe you be the terrorist . this be too much . colter turn on she . paranoid . 40 . colter terrorist ? why do you say that ? christina I be joke . colter stop joke . who be you ? be you a operative ? christina I have no idea you be so thoroughly weird . I be not entirely sure I like it . colter why do you have sketches of everybody on board ? be you part of this ? christina part of what ? colter I can have you arrest . maybe that 's the only way you will drop the bullshit and talk . stay put . I be get help . she see he 's serious and drop she arch playfulness . speak in a flat , sober voice . christina who be I ? I will tell you . I be twenty seven year old . I have no savings and no health insurance . he turn back . wait . the more she speak , the angrier she get . christina six month ago I move back in with my parent because I run out of money . I get a 's in line draw and advanced oil painting but no one 's buy my stuff . two week ago I put away all my paint . my little sketch book be the last thing leave . you see , I be not a artist . I be a receptionist in a law firm . the only thing I operate be a phone switchboard . 41 . the stark reality of she life . the horn of the freight train yank he attention to the window . up ahead be the row house opposite which the train explode . time be run down . christina now let I tell you about you . you work at the New York Public Library . you have be eyeing I for month on this train but have not say a word to I . you be bland and colorless and predictable . and now I see you be delusional , too . colter do not hear she . he 's still look out the window . colter' Pov above the row house , a commercial airliner be climb serenely into the blue after take - off out of Newark Airport . the view be wipe away as the freight train come surging past the window . but the sight of the plane have already cause something to click in colter 's head . colter Son of a bitch . " caoc - N . " '' that 's not army . that 's Air Force . Combined Air and Space Operations Center . nellis Air Force base ! christina be you mock I ? colter they be run this whole thing out of nellis Air Force base in nevada . Fucking nevada ! tear in Christina 's eye . that colter would persist in this delusion after what she 's confess about herself . colter ( rack he brain ) what 's there ? what 's on that base ? b-52s . kc tanker . Air combat Command . predator drone . remote operation . ( something to this ) this a remote operation . ( finally ) what if it be time travel ? 42 . a worried conductor run past they , talk rapidly into he radio . we catch the word " bomb threat . " '' colter what do he say ? a warning alarm begin beep . passenger look around uneasily . Christina , however , focus she anger on colter . christina do I a favor . do not ever talk to I again . she drop he messenger bag at he foot and walk away . colter look down at he watch . the last second tick away -- 5 ... 4 ... 3... colter Christina ! he grab she -- she struggle against he -- christina get off I ! but he hold her tight , shield she with he body and squeezing he eye shut as -- the explosion rip through the train -- everything vaporize . blind light . painful to look at . like a star explode . a dull , hollow sound of wind rattling through a abyss . and then the ghostly still life . detail flicker into view : a bicycle . a stone wall . and next to it ... a woman . it 's Christina . turn to look at we . a gentle , reassure smile . int . isolation unit click -- click . click -- click . the video monitor be malfunction . it flicker on and off , revealing colter 's face in and out of darkness . 43. the capsule be nearly shut down . the control appear non - functional . Ice crystal have form over the circuitry . colter hug himself , shiver . his breath be visible in the capsule 's tomb-like cold . colter goodwin ? what 's happen ? come in . can you read I ? it 's goddamn cold in here . he hit a few button . almost at random . the vent which have be blow in air fall silent . colter goodwin , I be lose oxygen . the monitor fizzle out . the light from the control fade . colter goodwin ! it 's now completely dark . he bang on the side of the capsule . just a muffle thump . a terrifying silence . the SNAP of a harness release . a thud as colter fall to the floor of the capsule . cursing . some sound of thrashing around . then ... the spark of a blue flare illuminate colter 's face . he 's activate a miniature signal light on he flight suit . it begin to blink . like a beacon for down pilot afloat in the sea . it be the only light in the otherwise dead capsule . up on he knee , he grasp the release handle of the exit hatch . use all he strength he turn ... but the handle do not budge . the hatch remain seal . he get to he foot . can not stand up fully . the capsule be incredibly cramped . rifling through a cabinet , he discover operational manual in small , almost illegible type . and a small set of tool . he spread they out on the tiny ledge . take a wrench , he bang on the escape hatch . a deep , clanging echo in the hull . 44 . so , like any pilot would , he set about repair he craft . at first he puzzle over the electronics and circuitry . daunted by the complexity . there 's no time to lose . use a miniature screw driver , he begin unscrew the monitor panel . his finger be slow and clumsy in the frigid cold and the screw driver slip out of he hand . later icicles have appear over dormant air vent . colter , ice crystal in he hair , be shiver more violently . much of the capsule 's electronics lay open and expose . use copper wire , he 's attempt to revive a row of batteries . they spark once ... twice ... nothing . colter come on ! another spark . it shock he . there 's a puff of blue smoke . he 's burn he finger . but the battery now have a tiny blinking GREEN light . work fast , colter attaches the copper wire to the lead on the battery . from inside the engine come a faint electric hum . ffft . the monitor awaken . like a film projector it throw the image of a playing card onto the opposite side of the craft . colter begin replace the monitor component . as he do , a pre-record audio file come on : goodwin ( v.o. ) -- four principle dialect of Arabic : egyptian , Gulf , syrian - lebanese and North African . we will now play you portion of each , discuss the audible difference between they . clip of spoken arabic begin to play . colter continue reconstitute the computer . the monitor fill with scrolling line of computer code . with a oddly low - tech clang , the heart of the machine reawaken . the air vent come back to life . heat start to return . the icicle begin to drip . 45 . colter sit back in he seat , exhaust from the work . the monitor switch to a real - time view of the lab . goodwin 's chair be there , but goodwin be not in sight . in a background distort by the fish - eye lens , various technician wander by . colter hello ? anyone out there ? it 's I . he toggle a audio jack . then a man come walk up . frown into the camera , as if through the foggy lens of another world . it 's the man with the pipe . the elusive bohemian scientist whom colter glimpse once before . he will be know as rutledge . colter can you hear I ? rutledge be tinkering with the camera . the image shake for a moment as he adjust it . then put on a headset . rutledge Project designer initiate sequence and drive check . colter I be here ! I be okay ! rutledge check he headset . not sure he hear right . rutledge be someone there ? colter yeah . it 's I . colter . rutledge blink in surprise . the blue eye sparkling . rutledge wow ! it 's you . colter the capsule lose power . it 's still pretty cold in here . rutledge we have be work towards you from the other side . Nice to have you with we again . you feel all right ? 46 . colter I think so . who be you ? rutledge the name 's rutledge . colter they would not let I talk to you before . rutledge no , I guess not . they be pretty anal around here . ( light he pipe ) do not tell they you see I smoking in here , okay ? his genial eccentricity be completely at odd with the military environment . and then it occur to colter : colter you be the inventor of this thing . rutledge ( shrug ) I prefer the term project designer . and sorry for all the secrecy . goodwin will be thrilled you be - establish contact . colter I do not want to deal with goodwin anymore . rutledge what ? colter do not you understand ? he 's torture I . I be helpless . can not you get I out of here ? rutledge look uneasy . as a scientist , he 's ill-equipped to deal with personnel issue . rutledge why would goodwin have it in for you ? 47 . colter he 's a remote operator . and remote operator be risk averse pussy who sit at control screen in the rear while actual pilot like I put they ass on the line in the field . rutledge he seem pretty devote to the mission . colter and just what kind of mission be this ? talk to I , man . why will not he let I save that people on the train ? rutledge because they can not be save . colter why not ? I know what 's go to happen . I could take apart the bomb . stop the train . rutledge yeah but you would be do it in the source code , not here . not in we own past . mystery upon mystery . colter what 's the difference ? rutledge I be not sure I should be tell you this . colter telling I what ? coax the scientist in he . rutledge it 's quantum physics . linear algebra . parabolic calculus . it would take week to explain . colter be source code time travel ? 48 . rutledge sigh . look at he pipe . rutledge it 's go out again . colter why can not I save that people on the train ? rutledge think of it like this : event in we past can never be undone . Einstein prove that . colter so ... rutledge so source code open up another past for you . a parallel past . it look the same but it have no intersection with we own world . in essence , by send you back , a entirely new but utterly parallel world be create . it look identical to ours , but nothing you do there have any effect on this reality . at last some useful information . colter race to process it . colter what happen to the source code world after I leave it ? rutledge I do not know . you can never know that because you be not there to observe it . maybe it vanish . maybe not . ( uneasy ) I should tell they you be okay . colter what about the bicycle ? rutledge what bicycle ? colter I see it each time . right after the bomb go off . like a after image . ( more ) 49 . colter ( cont 'd ) there 's a bicycle and a stone wall and a girl . it 's a girl from the train . I do not know where any of it be suppose to be , but -- rutledge remove the pipe from he mouth . rutledge wait . you see all this after you leave the train ? colter yeah . just for a split second . rutledge be stunne . like he 's discover some strange new property to he invention . rutledge please tell I you be not make this up . colter no . it 's there . what do you think it mean ? rutledge I do not know . rutledge look off camera for a moment . rutledge they be here . there 's no more time to talk . ( quickly ) make sure he send you back in . find out about the after image . goodwin appear . rutledge reluctantly take off he headset . colter rutledge , wait . do not leave I . rutledge step away . a point look at colter . goodwin settles back into he seat , don the headset . goodwin welcome back . how be you feel ? colter I be alive . no thanks to you . goodwin you find the bomber ? 50 . colter you be a brick wall , goodwin . a fuck brick wall . goodwin lower you pulse . the situation have worsen . the fire on the track cause one of the freight car to blow up and release some kind of gas . as a precaution they be have to evacuate all of lower Manhattan . evacuate lower Manhattan ? the enormity of this . have to take it on faith . goodwin we may have lose the initiative . colter what do you mean ? let 's keep go . goodwin we be expect more from you . colter I can give you more . let I think for a second . but goodwin ignore he . absorb in paperwork . colter the freight car blow up from the fire . it spew gas , or what could be gas -- it might be chlorine , so they can not take any chance . anxious now . try to make up lose ground . whatever it take to get send back in . colter so they decide to play it safe and evacuate part of New York City . and maybe that 's part of the terrorist ' plan , right ? ( thinking ) so ... so who benefit from that ? what 's vulnerable ? what 's down there in lower Manhattan ? ( beat ) Wall Street . 51 . surprise himself with this insight . and now goodwin be pay attention again . wait for more . colter Wall Street . that 's what they be go to hit next . the financial market . goodwin consider this . for the first time , slightly impressed . goodwin I want to show you something . CUT to : driver license photo the video monitor show christina 's dmv shot . her wry , secretive smile . colter do she die , too ? goodwin yes . this driver license photo be find with she body . we be create a database of recover identification as they come in from the site . a pang of sorrow . move among ghost . colter you sure she 's dead ? goodwin would you like to see she morgue photo ? colter ( quietly ) she be sit across from I . goodwin ( v.o. ) we know . CUT to : the video monitor 52 . play a grainy , hand -held video of the train wreckage . rescue worker in protective gear pick they way carefully through the twisted , char remain of the two train . goodwin ( v.o. ) this be take shortly after the rescue crew arrive on scene . the time code on the image read 8:26 a.m . goodwin ( v.o. ) we note the location of each corpse when we pull it out . on screen , rescue worker pull a charree corpse out of the wreckage . goodwin ( v.o. ) prepare yourself . this be unedite footage . colter I tell you I do not want to see she ! the camera zoom in on a corpse . its burn face , like a piece of rotted fruit , fill the screen . nevertheless , we recognize it . and it 's not Christina . it 's someone else . colter that 's ... goodwin ( v.o. ) Sean fentress . the man in the mirror . himself , at least on the train . colter he die on the train . goodwin ( v.o. ) as a host identity , Sean fentress have to have certain basic similarity to you . gender . blood type . approximate age . his head be still intact . we need the head , you see . to link the two of you remotely . they carry the corpse towards a morgue truck with a vast array of satellite communication equipment attach to it . 53. the image freeze , then dissolves back to Christina 's dmv photo . silence . ponder . goodwin would you like to see the other passenger photo ? perhaps that would help you . colter you still have Christina 's body ? the other thing she be carry ? goodwin ( v.o. ) why ? colter I want to know about she . everything I can . she 's not just another victim . she 's connect to all this . int . train - morning the rich smell of steaming coffee . the glint of a polished leather shoe . the crisp click of someone uncapping a fountain pen . the scenery rush by -- the blur of tree , the soft lavender of the morning sky . the swell and pull of the mighty machine coursing over the rail . if a train ride could ever be a sensory delight , this be it . to colter , every sensation have become even more pronounce , more intensely real than ever . close on - he watch - a beep as he set it to countdown again from seventeen minute . the duration of he freedom . across from he be Christina . absorb with she sketching . colter thirty six dollar and eleven cent . she look up at he . colter in you wallet . right now . thirty six dollar and eleven cent . christina be this a magic trick or something ? 54 . colter yes . in five second , a guy 's go to open a can of soda . 4 ... 3.. 2 ... 1 ... chk -thock ! the overweight man open he soda can . she give colter a quizzical look . he point out the window . they be pass a neighborhood of modest home . colter we be about to pass a street with willow tree . two girl will be jump rope . a white dog 's go to run out behind they . a dalmatian mix . in a moment , they pass a scene exactly as colter describe . Christina 's befuddle smile . christina you want to tell I how you be do this ? colter Close observation . you could say I be a collector of moment . christina a collector of moment ? colter yes . christina that 's the cheesiest line I have ever hear . she resume she draw . colter you train to be a artist . no response . colter you get a 's in line draw and oil painting . but you work do not sell . you take a job answer phone in a law firm . ( more ) 55 . colter ( cont 'd ) six month ago you move back in with you parent . two week ago you put you paint away for good . the sketch book be all you have leave . christina who the hell be you ? who have you be talk to ? colter you . christina I ? no . I have not ever talk to you . colter but we have , Christina . you have draw all this people here . you know they routine . at one point you think you be different from all of they . but now you be not so sure . Christina have go white . utterly incredulous . int . train dine car - morning a small bar area . coffee sloshing in styrofoam cup colter hand one to Christina and sit down opposite she . a glance at he watch show twelve minute leave . christina okay , you have get my attention . now tell I what this be all about . colter I need you help . christina be you sell something ? colter listen to I . I can not use up any more time try to convince you . I just need you to believe everything I be about to tell you . christina this better be good . 56 . colter bear with I . ( beat , where to begin ? ) you sketch book . be there a draw of I in there ? christina I be not sure . colter please , Christina . christina yes , fine ! here . she flip through it . show he a sketch of sean fentress . christina I do it last week . colter the thing be , that 's not I . christina give I a little credit . colter no . you draw what you see , but the person you be see now be someone else . I be not Sean fentress . I be not really on this train . christina ( incomprehension ) you be not really on this train . colter I be take someone 's place . borrow it . my name be colter . I be a soldier . and I be be hold prisoner . and this be the only way -- the only time and place I have -- to figure out how to escape . she give he a blank look . christina after three month of riding the train , this be how you introduce yourself to I ? 57 . colter I be serious . element in the american military be use I for a experiment . I be not sure exactly how it all happen , but I be at a facility on nellis Air Force base in nevada . right now . as we speak . it 's a project call source code . christina source code . colter it 's a program . it shift identity . it also perform small amount of time travel . or " time engineering . " '' I do not know the jargon . he 's not get through to she . it 's too bizarre . colter I have be put on this train to look for someone . a criminal . and I need to find out just enough about he to keep they put I back on this train . because right here 's only place I can figure out what 's really happen . but I have very little time . and each time I come back , you will not remember I and I will have to go through this all over again . christina you be , I think , deliciously mad . colter then how do I know all that thing about you if we have never speak before ? she do not have a answer . can not easily dismiss he . christina why tell all this to I ? there 's lot of people around for you to talk to . colter because I think you have the answer to this whole thing . 58 . christina believe I , I do not have the answer for anything . colter there 's a vision . I keep have it . it 's very powerful . and you be in it . and there 's a bicycle . and this ... old stone wall . and it 's very peaceful . do this sound familiar ? like where you live , maybe ? christina Stone wall ? my parent live in a house with aluminum siding and a american eagle over the door . the only bike be a harley which the guy down the street revs at three in the morning . colter the vision must mean something . it 's the only time when I be not on the train or in the capsule . why else would rutledge be so interested ? christina who 's rutledge ? colter someone who be try to help I understand something . until they get to he . he lower he head . a dead end . no answer . the train begin to slow down . announcer ( v.o. ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . colter look at he watch . ten minute leave . christina I see a program on tv . it be about psychics . they say psychics have a lot of paranoia . colter I do not believe in that shit . 59 . announcer ( v.o. ) Newark Station . through the window , the Old man , derek and the College kid disembark . guzman hurry past they to the station house . announcer ( v.o. ) all aboard . Doors be close . christina do not you have people you can go to for help ? Friends , family ? the train begin to move again . announcer ( v.o. ) this be a New York bound train . next stop , New York - Penn Station . colter most of my friend be in the military . my dad run a melon farm in Alabama . christina maybe now 's the time to reach out to he . she hand he she cell phone . colter just hold it in he hand . colter I and my dad , we do not see eye to eye . we be just two different people . christina as oppose to be the exact same person ? colter be you always this sarcastic ? christina this be so not about I . colter reluctantly dial . as it ring -- colter what day be it ? christina June 11th . 60 . colter June ? one more thing to puzzle he . the call connect . a older man , donald steven , answer . the gravelly voice of a midwestern farmer . donald ( v.o. ) hello ? colter dad ? Donald do not respond . colter dad , it 's I . it 's colter . again , silence . colter be a while , huh ? I would be meaning to call you , but -- click . the line go dead . colter look at Christina . colter he want I to stay on and take over the farm but ... I have other idea . christina you be intimidate by he . colter what ? christina you be scared of he . I can see it . colter the hell I be . challenge , he redial . brace for conflict . the call connect . colter dad , do not hang up . we be go to talk . I need you help . 61 . donald ( controlled anger ) now you listen to I . whoever you be , never call here again . Donald hang up . christina he 's still mad at you , huh ? colter no ... it be like he do not even know who I be . Troubled , he hand back she phone . outside , the express train flash by . christina I do not know how to help you . she feel bad for he . and something inside colter close . retreating inside himself . colter sorry to have bother you . he get up to go . Christina stay where she be . int . train - morning back in he seat . lose in the view out the window . the neighborhood have give way to Newark 's industrial fringe . bring he closer to the inevitable end . christina ( v.o. ) I have a friend . surprise , he turn to find she there . christina she work at the New York Times . her name 's Stephanie . she 's just a proofreader , but she want to be make a reporter . she 's always say she need a good story to bring in so she get notice . something like this , with a crazy paranoid angle could really interest she . colter forget it . 62 . christina she could do some poke around . she 's already quite suspicious of the government . Christina 's dial she phone . colter turn back to the window . christina I be get voice mail . ( into the phone ) steph , it 's Christina . you know that story you be always look to write ? I might just have something for you . I meet a guy . his name be colter Stevens . he say he 's in the army . he fly helicopter in Iraq , but now they have put he into a secret project call source code . maybe you can look into it a bit , okay ? call I . she hang up . please with herself . christina she will call back . just wait . none of it will do colter any good , but he manage a smile . colter thank you , mar 'am . christina ( laugh ) ma'am ? how old do you think I be ? he give she a wary look . consider . colter twenty five ? she smile , pleased . christina no , but thanks . ( beat ) what do you mean , there 's a criminal on the train ? how do you know that ? colter look away . careful . 63. colter I just do . christina how can I help you if you do not tell I everything about this ? int . train bathroom - morning colter enter the tiny space . Christina be reluctant to follow he into the bathroom . colter you say you want to know . christina can not you just tell I ? he give she a implore look . she sigh and squeeze in next to he . christina try anything and I will kill you . colter shut the door . as she shut the door , colter get up on the sink . christina what be you do ? he wrench back the ventilation panel , then step aside . colter it 's up here . he hold out he hand . she grab hold and step up on the sink . she 's not quite tall enough to see into the crawlspace , so he step up behind she and lift she the rest of the way . christina ( startle , feel he hand on her ) what be you -- colter just look . her blouse brushes he face as he hold she up . a long beat as she look inside the overhead space at the bomb . 64 . christina be that ...? colter acetone peroxide . it 's a liquid explosive . there 's fourteen cannister of it . simple detonator . cell phone signal close the circuit and boom . he lower she . a incredulous beat . christina do you put this here ? colter no . it be someone else . they do not know who . that 's why I be here . to find out . watch she . will she believe he ? christina we have to tell someone . we have to stop this . int . train - morning the bathroom door open and Christina walk quickly away . mounting fear . colter fall into step behind she . colter it will not matter . the train 's already ... christina already what ? colter I have be send here . it sound crazy , but it 's true . I have be send from the future -- from five hour in the future . this train 's already be blow up . she back up . scare of he . every right to be . colter you want to know . now you know . she turn and hurry for the exit door . 65 . christina this be not happen . I have get to get off . colter catch up with she inside the exit vestibule . she 's stabbing at the door release button . christina why will not it open ?! her phone be ring . they both stop . she look at the number . christina it 's steph . ( hollow ) I tell you she would be interested . ( answer ) hi. her eye be fix suspiciously on colter as she listen . colter look outside . recognize the terrain . look down at he watch -- 50 second . it 's awful . unbearable . he dash towards the bathroom -- int . train bathroom - morning tear open the door . jump up on the sink . the bomb sit in the semi-darkness , faintly illuminate by the bathroom 's fluorescent light . as he grab hold of the bomb , he hear -- christina ( o.s. ) colter ...? work fast , he unhook the lead on the detonator , rip away gaff tape -- jostling the cannister of explosive -- christina ( o.s. ) colter , I have to tell you something . -- and pull off the detonator cell phone . ducking back down , he see Christina stand in the doorway . 66 . colter look . now the fuck thing can not go off . he watch read 20 second . christina Stephanie do a computer search . something in she expression worry he . christina she 's get a database of all newspaper article go back to forever . colter source code 's classified . it would not be in a newspaper . christina no . but you be . she find you . colter she find I ? what do that mean ? she stop . not want to go on . from outside come the horn from the approach freight train . colter Jesus Christ , Christina , be you go to spit it out ? in he hand , the cell phone ring . colter 's eye light up in amazement -- the display screen be show the name and number of the bomber . but before he can read what 's there , Christina 's voice find its way to the back of he brain : christina accord to the notice , you be kill in action two month ago . the world stop . a searing pain slam into he . he drop the phone and double over . she run to he -- colter' Pov 67 . everything around he pixelate into a hundred thousand point on a array . Christina 's cry become burst of static . Flying behind the array come line of computer code - - the source code architecture laid bare . and then the screen itself seem to melt , give way to a frightening series of hallucinatory fragment : int . helicopter - day a pilot be p.o.v. -- desert sand , searingly bright -- flight deck instrumentation -- a windshield pockmark with bullet hole -- the horizon tilting as the helicopter plunge towards earth amid a chaos of radio transmission : " ... take a lot of rpg fire ... be advise a61 be go down ... a61 be go down hard ... " '' ext . desert - day Black smoke . boot crunching on sand as we be borne , p.o.v. , a victim on a jostling stretcher . int . medivac helicopter - day airborne again . the thud of rotor . through blurred vision we see medic work furiously to save a life . int . c5 transport jet - day the smooth , glassy calm of 30,000 foot . the regular pulsation of a ventilator . fluid drip down through a iv bag . tube and monitor stack all around we . gurney of other wounded pack together . the grumble of another , unseen wounded soldier : soldier ( o.s. ) never any damn leg room on a plane . a alarm begin beep . flight medic ( o.s. ) hey , this guy 's crash ... fade to black . silence and darkness . nothingness . 68 . then , a playing card appear , as if through a slide projector . the Jack of club . goodwin ( v.o. ) Captain ...? the play card flicker , separate into pixel , then dissolves . goodwin ( v.o. ) Captain , allow I to introduce myself . my name be goodwin . you be with beleaguere Castle . you be safe . all you need will be meet here . line of computer code flit across the screen . a blink cursor . fade to black . a tiny aperture open ... revealing christina . and the bicycle . and the stone wall . the strange , recur vision . goodwin ( v.o. ) Captain ? the sound drive away the image , replace it with the jack of club goodwin ( v.o. ) Captain , just tell I what you see . just look and speak . groggy breathe . a rag voice : colter ( v.o. ) I see a card . goodwin ( v.o. ) very good . very , very good . int . isolation unit on colter 's face . a deep , cold knot in he stomach . shudder in fear . the truth before he now . crouch there , a nightmare , ruling over he . on the monitor , goodwin look into the camera . assess the situation . 69 . goodwin be you comfortable ? be you warm ? colter cling to he harness as if to keep from vanish entirely from existence . goodwin do you need to urinate ? colter swallow . too terrorize to speak . goodwin beleaguere Castle be wait for you report . goodwin tap he pen on he clipboard . impatient . he flip a switch . a blocky computer voice , something out of the 1970 , come on : computer voice ( v.o. ) hear test . first sequence . Left ear . a short series of electronic tone . computer voice ( v.o. ) hear test . first sequence . right ear . the tone cease . colter remain impassive and inert . goodwin Captain , I know you can hear I . do you find the bomber ? goodwin key in some command . forever adjust . computer voice ( v.o. ) memory thread one : " when lily wake , she have the bed to herself . she sit up , bewilder by the strangeness of she surroundings ; then memory return , and she look about she with a shiver . " '' goodwin stop the audio . goodwin as you be collect you thought , I should tell you there 's be another development . a terrorist group have take responsibility for bombing the train . ( more ) 70 . goodwin ( cont 'd ) this begin broadcasting over the Internet a half hour . we have trace it to central Asia . on the monitor a grainy video show a arid , wind - sweep plateau of a far - away desert . it be twilight . a mujahideen fighter , he face hide by a hood cloak , sit cross legge before a flicker camp fire and a tea service . the fighter rise , pick up a rocket - propel grenade launcher , and approach the camera . the wind whip he black robe . the figure look slight . almost spectral . it begin speak to the camera . mujahideen fighter ( on camera , in accented english ) by now you have suffer a taste of divine vengeance . God willing , you will soon suffer another . colter do not raise he head . no idea whether he 's even listen . mujahideen fighter this attack will show you that you will never be safe . you can secure you border . but what can you do against one of you own citizen ? one who look like you , who be blameless , live already among you , who take eighty million of we dollar , a trifle , and carry out we bid ? you can not stop this . time have run out . the image freeze . then switch back to the live feed of goodwin . colter let I talk to rutledge . goodwin so you have decide to speak . colter rutledge . get he . 71 . goodwin we appreciate you desire for further discussion . perhaps at a later date . colter will you let I out of here ? goodwin ignore the question . continue make notation . goodwin frankly , Captain , we be disappointed . colter find rutledge ! now ! goodwin I have to say that we expect more from you . colter stop ! stop read from you goddamn script ! goodwin perhaps we overestimate you ability . colter I swear to fuck Christ ! goodwin please accept the criticism in the spirit it be give . perhaps a few memory exercise would help . colter I do not need you criticism and I do not need you memory exercise , you gutless freak . and by the way , that bomb be detonate by a cell phone . when activate , the phone 's display screen display caller id information . caller id . I wonder if that information would be useful to beleaguere Castle . for a split second , goodwin look throw . but the mask of the cold clinician go back up . 72 . goodwin very well . we be ready for that information . colter you will have to send I back . I do not get a good look at it . but I will next time . goodwin hesitates . skeptical . goodwin what assurance do we have you will be able to read the screen before the device detonate ? colter goodwin , there 's no time leave . send ... I ... back . goodwin 's pale , inscrutable face fill the monitor . his eye be unblink . unfeel . nothing behind they . int . train - morning colter prowl the aisle feverishly . he scan the overhead luggage rack . peek inside a bag . do not see what he want . he look all around ... up the row of passenger ... intently scan ... there . the Computer engineer . he 's asleep . but clutch in he hand be what colter want -- a cell phone . close on - the computer engineer - moment later the train jolt slightly , waking he up . look down , the Computer engineer notice that he cell phone have vanish . across the aisle , a latina office manager tap he on the arm . she gesture down the aisle to colter who 's walk off with the guy 's cell phone . behind he , the Computer engineer get up . computer engineer hey , do you have my phone ? people turn to look . among they be Christina . colter just start walk faster . 73. computer engineer ( upset ) dude , give I back my phone ! int . second car - morning the Computer engineer hurry in . colter be nowhere in sight . he run down the aisle and towards the next car . pan over to the door of the conductor' compartment as it click shut . int . train conductor' compartment - morning breathless , colter have just finish shutting the door and be about to use the cell phone when see the conductor and a train official look over at he in surprise . colter sorry . wrong turn . reversing gear , colter back out of the compartment . int . second car - morning just as the befuddle Computer engineer disappear into the third car , colter step back into the aisle and walk the other way . int . first car - morning sweating a bit now , colter be key in a number on the cell phone as he walk . operator ( v.o. ) Operator . City and list . colter Las Vegas , nevada . nellis Air Force base . operator ( v.o. ) connect you . a tingle up he spine . the call connect . 74 . post operator ( v.o. ) Post Operator . colter be this ... nellis Air Force base ? post operator ( v.o. ) yes , sir . how may I direct you call ? he take a deep breath . colter I be try to reach ... Captain colter Stevens . Calling himself . strange . no idea where this be go . post operator ( v.o. ) I have no list for a Captain colter Stevens . colter then give I the Combined Air and Space ops Center . post operator ( v.o. ) one moment , sir . the call seem to take forever to connect . then a terse military voice come on the phone . voice ( v.o. ) C deck . colter who be this ? voice ( v.o. ) C deck . colter I be call for rutledge . it 's urgent . voice ( v.o. ) you have the wrong number . colter this be Captain colter Stevens . a eerie pause . 75 . voice ( v.o. ) would you repeat that ? colter colter Stevens . Captain colter Stevens . voice ( v.o. ) hold the line . announcer ( v.o. ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . the train slow at it pull into Newark Station . another voice come over the phone . goodwin ( v.o. ) Captain ? this be goodwin . colter 's heart sink . goodwin ( v.o. ) where be you , Captain ? colter let I talk to rutledge . goodwin where be you ? how do you find we ? colter I be on the train . the train pull to a stop . announcer ( v.o. ) Newark Station . goodwin ( v.o. ) what train ? colter ( realize ) you do not know . it have not happen yet . goodwin ( v.o. ) what have not happen ? 76 . colter the explosion . goodwin ( v.o. ) what explosion ? announcer ( v.o. ) all aboard . Doors be close . colter do not you understand ? I be in it , goodwin . I be call you from inside the mission . Inside the source code . a beat of stunne silence . the train begin move . announcer ( v.o. ) next stop New York Penn Station . goodwin ( v.o. ) this contact be ill-advise . I must ask you to hang up . colter goodwin , I be trap in this and I can not get out . goodwin ( v.o. ) you have no authorization to be make this call . Goodbye . colter no ! wait ! do not hang up ! forget authorization . there 's no time . soon you be go to find out what happen on this train . and then you own day be go to start . but not until then . right now it 's just you and I talk . and you be a different goodwin than the one I be go to go back to in a few minute . you be separate from he . Separate world . do you understand ? goodwin ( v.o. ) I think so . colter good . now there 's a lot of secrecy in all of this , and you have you reason for that . ( more ) 77 . colter ( cont 'd ) but here and now , just this once , I need to ask you something . and you need to tell I the truth . goodwin ( v.o. ) I would rather you not ask I anything , Captain . colter I be go to ask it . goodwin ( v.o. ) I should terminate this call . colter Jesus , goodwin , how can I get through to you ? you be not just a soldier . somewhere inside you be a human be , too . somewhere inside you have get to know that this be wrong . source code be wrong . and if you can not grasp that , if you just follow order , then you be just as much a prisoner as I be . the car shudder as the express train flash by . quiet return as it recede . goodwin ( v.o. ) what 's you question ? surprise , colter raise he head . draw a breath . colter do I survive that helicopter crash in Iraq ? silence . colter shut he eye . colter answer I . do I survive that crash ? another pause . this be crush colter . colter goodwin . goodwin ( v.o. ) not physically . colter what ? 78 . goodwin you do not physically survive the crash . a terrible chill come over colter . he swallow . try to stay brave . colter not physically ? fuck . at least give I a answer I can understand . goodwin ( v.o. ) we have keep alive certain area of you brain . colter but ... the capsule I be in ... goodwin ( v.o. ) a manifestation . you way of make sense of it . this be crush . colter fight back terror . colter you have no right . goodwin ( v.o. ) as a soldier ... colter I be a soldier . then . but now ? ( whisper ) after death ? goodwin ( v.o. ) it be the only way . you could not have a body and be send back into the source code . ( beat ) what be the status of you mission ? be it a success ? colter you really want to know ? goodwin ( v.o. ) I suppose not . you be right to keep it from I . colter that 's what we do . keep stuff from each other . will this ever end ? 79 . goodwin ( v.o. ) end ? colter how can I get out of this ? goodwin ( v.o. ) you must realize the army 's make a investment in you . you will be use again . colter how ? goodwin ( v.o. ) imagine a turntable . with a record spin on it . all we do be lift up the needle . the music stop . colter and then what ? goodwin ( v.o. ) then we wait . until another mission . and the needle come down again . you will not remember any of this . we will start with the play card . Electronic tone . simple memory exercise . bit by bit , we will revive you cerebral capacity once more . the barbarism of it . digital slavery . colter how many time have I do this ? goodwin ( v.o. ) do it matter ? colter no one know I be here . no one can help I . goodwin ( v.o. ) in stimulate you cortex , they be prolong you life . many soldier would find that preferable to death . colter you can not do this . I serve my country . I already give my life . 80 . goodwin ( v.o. ) the court . colter what ? goodwin ( v.o. ) the court know you be here . colter military court or civilian court ? goodwin ( v.o. ) military . colter find no comfort in this . goodwin ( v.o. ) I be sorry you find out about all of this . that be not we intention . colter do that make it any less wrong ? no answer . colter look down at he watch . time be run out . and there 's absolutely nothing he can do . dissolve to : colter' face ashen . almost lifeless . around he be the darken steel cocoon of the int . isolation unit its appearance have alter slightly , give colter 's new awareness of what this really be . the capsule be even more claustrophobic . there be fewer control . even less light . a shadow world . the monitor be blank . he shout from the void -- colter goodwin ?! rutledge appear . drop into the seat and put on the headset . fiddle with he pipe as a way to avoid look at the camera . 81 . rutledge how 's it go ? any breakthroughs ? colter I finally get it , rutledge . you be the good guy , goodwin 's the bad guy . work together , you get what you want out of I . why do not I see it before ? rutledge believe I , Captain , I be on you side . colter Drop it . I know about the helicopter crash . I know what they have do with I . rutledge ( struggling ) look , it 's be a long day . for all of we . but now we have get to bring this home and catch a killer . colter what 's in it for I ? rutledge come on . this guy be serious . help I out . my ass be on the line , too , you know . colter you can do better than that . they send you here to offer I a deal . rutledge if you think I be enjoy this , you be wrong . colter what 's they offer ? what can they possibly threaten I with after so colossally fuck I ? spit it out , you spineless turd . rutledge 's face go red . quite possibly no one have ever speak to he like this before . after a sputtering pause , rutledge 's mouth harden . 82. rutledge the government can decide to take a interest in people . people like you father with he struggle farm . it can discover thing like unpaid property tax . it can call in he equipment loan or tie he down for year in environmental litigation . on the other hand , it can pay he handsomely for mineral deposit he never know be there . as distant and problematic as you relationship be , surely you would like the chance to do something for he . a beat of silent outrage from colter . colter that after image I see . you never know about they . they be not part of source code architecture , be they ? rutledge ( hastily ) they be meaningless . nerves fire . Brain chemistry . colter you do not believe that . I have be to place you have not . I have cross and recross that line between live and die . and when I do , that veil get lift for just a second . and what 's there be real . maybe it 's a vision of the next world , but I can see it . rutledge you can see it . but you can never get there without we help . colter get there ? what do you mean ? rutledge we offer . maybe we can get you there . in return for you complete the mission . ( beat ) they will let you die . I will shut off you life support and you will simply slip away . ( more ) 83. rutledge ( cont 'd ) just like the good Lord intend you to do a few month back . a fearful beat . negotiate over he own soul . colter you would never do it . you would not have to . you could just flip the switch and start I back up again unaware . for all I know , you have make this deal with I before . rutledge actually , we have not . you operational awareness have become too great . if you find out the truth about yourself once , you might do so again . as for source code , I be sure we can find other serviceman come back from overseas with wound just like yours . ( patronizing ) do you have the courage to serve you country one final time ? colter 's eye bore into rutledge . colter I be go to find you , rutledge . someday . somewhere . rutledge ( retreate from the confrontation ) the display screen on the detonator be a useful and exciting insight you make . this time , make it pay off . get the information on the screen . but let the bomb explode . we need the force of the explosion to help integrate you quickly back into the present . the source code machinery be already beginning to hum . rutledge excitedly key in system command . colter you hear I ? somehow , I be go to find you . rutledge I doubt that . 84 . there 's barely time for colter to grab onto the harness restraint before the machinery go into a deafen howl . thunk . colter 's body convulse and go limp . unconscious , he sag in he seat , hold in by the harness . everything switch off and goe dark . a split second later , the capsule come back to life again . as if the plug be simply put back in . rutledge Captain ? colter jolt awake . disorient . thrash to get free . rutledge it 's okay . calm yourself . you be back . colter exhales . shudder . he 's just complete another source code . rutledge what happen ? the tentacles of the nightmare slowly release . replaced by the oppression of be back in the capsule . back in rutledge 's power . rutledge be the bomber 's identity on the cell phone ? colter I think so . but there be not time to read the screen . as soon as it ring the bomb go off . rutledge ( impatient ) what about the phone itself ? make , model , product identification number . colter I be unable examine the phone without separate it from the detonator -- which I be instruct not to do . his delivery be different now . impersonal . distant . 85 . rutledge do you make any other progress ? what in heck 's name do you do for that seventeen minute ? colter do not answer . the machinery again start up . colter tense , bewilder . eye dart accusingly to the screen . colter wait . what be you -- thunk . again , he convulse and go limp . click . darkness . everything power down ... ... and back up again -- control , monitor , machinery . colter groans and open he eye . grip by another terror . returning from yet another trip on the train . another bomb blast . death and resurrection . rutledge look in on he with impatience . rutledge we can do this all day . until you get it right . colter please ... I do not feel good ... rutledge I do not doubt it . who 's the bomber ? colter I do not know ... I honestly ... I can not keep ... the humming again . he 's helpless . a insect on a pin . colter tear at he restraint , ready to bash he brain out against the control . he scream ... int . train - morning ... and , in sudden freedom , surge up out of he seat with a cry . around he startle passenger look over in confusion . christina hey ! 86 . colter , back in he navy jacket , slack and shirt , have pitch forward into Christina . christina you want to get off I ? the overweight man , wide eye in surprise , have he finger poise to open he can of soda . colter go ahead ! open you fuck soda ! chk -thock ! the overweight man comply . some half - muttere reproach , then most people go back to what they be do . christina what 's wrong with you , anyway ? she glare at he at he stand up . he can not respond . despair surge through he . he stumble off down the aisle . but where can he go ? there be no freedom . no escape . imprison in both world . from she seat , Christina watch he go . sense the torment in he . exit area colter be slump in a corner . Christina appear . tap he on the shoulder . christina you okay ? he eye she furtively . like a cave man who 's never see another human be before . christina you be not okay . he 's ghastly pale . he 's sweat profusely . colter ma'am , please ... return to you seat . footstep . the sound of jangling keys . conductor ticket . 87 . the conductor take up position in front of he . as implacable as rutledge , in he way . conductor ticket , please . christina he 's not feel well . conductor he still need a ticket . colter make no move to respond . no more concern for anything . conductor have it you way , pal . he take out he book to write colter up . christina wait . I will pay it . conductor I have no idea where he get on . full fare 's $ 22.50 . christina all right , all right . get out she wallet , she pay the conductor . he eye she with disapproval , then shamble off . christina I see customer service be alive and well on New Jersey Transit . colter why do you just do that ? christina the ticket ? I do not know . you look a little lose . the gratitude in he look make she self conscious . she turn to go . colter will you do I a favor ? christina what 's that ? 88. colter get off the train . christina what ? announcer ( v.o. ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . colter please . just get off the train . her puzzle look . the train begin to slow down . christina this be not my stop . colter you should not have be on this train , Christina . you should be live another life . not spend it answer phone for lawyer . christina how do you ...? a group of passenger approach the exit area . we have see they all before : derek , the Old man , the College kid . and the small encounter : shuffle around , positioning at the door , and the College kid tapping derek on the arm , hold out derek 's wallet . college student hey , you drop this . derek ( relieved , take it back ) wow . thanks . the train stop . the door OPEN . announcer ( v.o. ) Newark Station . derek , the Old man and the College kid get off . a second later , guzman burst past they , make he nauseate run for the station . leave just colter and Christina there . the door stand open , invitingly . 89 . colter everyone have a destiny . and this be not yours . he step out onto the platform . hold out he hand for she to join he . a coax look . she 's incredulous . this guy . his word . this whole moment . christina who in the world be you ? colter just do it . stop be afraid . believe in yourself . he wait for she . only two step away . announcer ( v.o. ) all aboard . Doors be close . she blink . the spell break . that two step prove to be two much . christina leave I alone . she retreat back into the car . colter be heartbroken . about to pursue she , he happen to look over and see derek instead of go directly to the station house , derek continue walk down the platform alongside the train , as if intend to reboard further down . and then it happen . with a quick motion derek toss something through a open door of another car , then head quickly away towards the station house . with no time to think , colter slip back on board just as the door slide shut . int . train - morning the train begin move . Christina be nowhere in sight . announcer ( v.o. ) this be a New York bound train . next stop New York - Penn Station . 90 . intrigue , colter leave the exit door area ... int . second car - morning ... stride down the aisle of the second car ... and reach the next set of exit door there 's nothing there . whatever derek toss inside be go . do someone pick it up ? colter look up the aisle and then the other way into the next car . no one there . once more he examine the exit area . get down on he knee . then he spot it -- a open between the floor and one of the wall panel , only a few inch high . and there something lie . colter slide it out . derek 's wallet . intentionally leave here . the same wallet the College kid give back to derek earlier . open it , colter pull out derek 's driver' license . int . isolation unit the source code have finish . the monitor show just the empty chair . finally rutledge return to he seat . rutledge they have searched the wreckage and find the wallet . it be under the wall panel . just as you say . a awkward dynamic between they . they despise each other but have to work together . colter believe I , he 's we guy . he toss he own wallet back on the train . only reason he would do that ... rutledge ( finish he think ) ... be if he want we to think he die in the explosion . I know . ( beat ) we look into he profile . ( more ) 91 . rutledge ( cont 'd ) derek frost be a commodity trader , with a wife , two child and a promotion one month old . he 's a emergency preparedness volunteer on he office floor , for God 's sake . colter you see that terrorist video -- they say it be one of we . one of we own . rutledge if he 's really the one , you can find out the rest of he plan . colter how ? rutledge by any mean necessary . there be no geneva Convention in the source code . colter torture he , you mean . rutledge ( shrug ) find out the plan , before it happen here . and then I will let you die . they grisly bargain . rutledge in the conductor 's compartment there 's a fully load 9 millimeter handgun lock in a safe . think you can remember the combination ? int . train - morning Christina be absorb in she sketch book . across from she , colter watch . a stranger to she again . it hurt too much . she feel he eye on she . when she look up , he 's go . int . train - morning as guzman exit the bathroom , he almost crash into colter , who 's wait right there . 92 . guzman Excuse I . colter assalam 'alaikoom . squeeze past , guzman do a double take to hear the standard Arabic reply . int . train bathroom - morning reaching into the overhead crawl space , colter once again unhook the cell phone detonator from the bomb . sitting down on the toilet seat , he dial 4 - 1 - 1 on the cell phone . operator ( v.o. ) what list ? colter the New York Times . int . train - morning Christina 's cell phone ring . she get it out . christina hello ? stephanie ( v.o. ) Christina ? it 's Stephanie . where be you right now ? christina go to work . why ? stephanie ( v.o. ) the strangest thing . the phone ring at my desk and some guy I do not know say the train you be on be not safe and that you should get off at the next stop . then he hang up . christina what ? the train begin to slow down . 93. announcer ( v.o. ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . christina I do not understand . stephanie ( v.o. ) maybe you should get off . be you okay ? the station platform slide into view . christina I be fine . everything 's normal . be there something on the news ? some kind of alert ? stephanie ( v.o. ) nothing that I have hear . ext . newark platform - morning the train pull to a stop . passenger begin to get off . announcer ( v.o. ) Newark Station . int . train - morning Christina be out of she seat , debate . stephanie ( v.o. ) I think you should get off . christina I will be late for work . stephanie ( v.o. ) the hell with work , Christina ! you hate that job anyway . christina it 's probably a joke . a weirdo guy from somewhere . she see colter down in the exit area . they lock eye . and somehow she know . he make the call . colter quickly disappear into the other car . 94 . int . second car - morning the door stand open to the platform . just then derek 's wallet go skid back on board , disappear under the wall panel . a second later , colter reach the exit area . announcer ( v.o. ) all aboard . Doors be close . ext . newark platform - morning the train door shut . colter be now out on the platform . Christina be not there . concerned , walk quickly forward , colter look through the window ... and find she stare back at he . still on the train . a strange moment between the two of they . once again he 's fail to save she . they watch each other for as long as possible , until the train pull away . int . train - morning as the train speed up , Christina sit down again , lowering she phone . stephanie ( v.o. ) do you get off ...? christina no . I will call you back . she hang up . disturb . as if she 's fail some test . but what test ? why this weird feel ? announcer ( v.o. ) this be a New York bound train . next stop New York - Penn Station . the train speed up . anxiety creep into she face . look around , the tranquility of the passenger begin to seem ominous , hint that she 's make the wrong choice . 95 . int . train conductor' compartment - morning the conductor enter . about to pour himself a cup of coffee when -- conductor huh ? the metal door to the safe have be opened . int . newark station - morning Inside the quiet lobby , derek be head for the outer door to the parking lot , when : colter ( o.s. ) derek frost . colter be walk towards he , hold up derek 's wallet . colter you forget something ? derek gosh . be that my wallet ? as he go to take it , colter grab he . int . newark station - men' room - morning behind the close door at the end stall come the sound of guzman vomiting . bang - the man 's room door fly open -- colter drag derek inside . derek what the hell , man ? what the hell ??? colter you see this ? colter pull out the detonator cell phone -- the one he take off the bomb . hold it inch from derek 's face . colter now you can not blow it up . 96 . derek what be this ? get away from I ! the barrel of a 9 mm pistol . aim right at he . colter believe I , I be very accurate with one of this thing . derek Jesus . derek raise he hand . sweating . all fright . like a decent man , terrorize . it give colter pause . do he have the right guy ? a toilet flush . the last stall door open and guzman emerge . stop cold as colter swing the pistol at he . colter stay there , my man . derek do not hurt I . colter stop act , for chrissake . derek keep my wallet . take my watch . take anything you want . unprompt , guzman take out he own wallet and set it on the counter . calmer than derek . accustom to trouble . guzman there . now you have two wallet . take they and go . colter shut up ! tensing . this be not suppose to happen like this . derek please . I have a family . colter what about that other passenger ? do not you think they have family ? 97 . guzman just what be this about ? colter this man 's a terrorist . he plant a bomb on the train . derek ( half laugh ) what ? click . colter pull back the hammer and savagely jam the barrel of the pistol into derek 's cheek . colter what 's the next attack ? who else be you go to kill today , huh ? derek ( in tear ) oh God ... oh God ... guzman take a step towards colter . colter one more step , asshole . guzman do not treat he like this . he 's not a animal . neither be you . derek listen to he . for God 's sake I be not a terrorist ...! a urine stain spread on derek 's pants . he look down , ashamed . colter keep the gun on he . colter piss all you want . you take eighty million dollar to kill hundred of people today . derek eighty million dollar ? I swear to you ... colter then what about the wallet , huh ? why the fuck do you twice try to leave you wallet on board ? 98 . derek I ... I ... colter time 's up ! what be it ?! what be the next attack ! so help I , I will put this bullet through you brain . derek I do not know what you be talk about ! colter I be go to do it . tighten he finger around the trigger . tear be stream down derek 's face . but he 's not go to talk . derek I would never hurt anyone . I have a family . I guess you will have to kill I . but colter can not . he can not shoot he . he lower the gun . disgust with himself . why can not he do it ? guzman you see ? you be a human be . speak gently . try to calm he . even as colter feel like he 's fail . guzman this can be work out . we can listen to each other . the temperature cool . derek 's nodd with he . derek anything you want ... please ... the detonator cell phone ring , startling all of they . confused , he answer the phone . colter hello . christina ( v.o. ) who be this ? colter ( stunned ) Christina ? 99 . christina ( v.o. ) be you the guy who be sit across I on the train ? colter look at he watch . the countdown pass three minute . 2:59 ... 2:58 ... colter how can you be call this number ? christina ( v.o. ) my friend have it . from when you call she -- to try and get I off the train . who be you ? what do you want ? derek and guzman cautiously lower they hand . watch in confusion . colter I be try to warn you . christina ( v.o. ) about what ? colter I be not sure that it matter now . christina ( v.o. ) talk to I . I feel that something terrible 's go to happen . do I need to get off the train ? be I go to die ? he can hear the b.g. noise of the train on the other end . colter I be right here , okay ? do not be afraid . christina ( anguish ) why do not I get off the train ? ( sigh ) I know I should have drive in today . but then there 's the bridge , right ? you never know when they will be jamme . that stir something in the back of colter 's mind . colter what do you say ? 100 . christina the bridge . you just never know when they will be jamme . his heart start racing . flashback on the train . earlier . derek in he seat , on he cell phone . colter nearby , overhear he : derek trust I , by one o'clock , the bridge be go to be jamme ... back to scene colter look to derek . his stomach sink . colter " by one o'clock , the bridge be go to be jamme . " '' that 's what you say . you know . you know there be go to be a evacuation . you know before it happen . all that people walk across the ... the realization hit . colter they be go to bomb the bridge . while they be full of people . on derek a slight flicker travel across derek 's face . like a disturbance on a surface of deep water . christina ( v.o. ) what be you talk about . who 's go to -- over the phone come the horn from the pass freight train . colter press the phone to he ear , try to hear she . colter Christina ? just hang in there . you will be okay . a hand close over he gun . before colter can react , derek turn the gun back into he -- 101 . blam ! blam ! derek shoot colter twice in the chest . colter stagger back -- slump to he knee . guzman cry out -- make a run at derek -- who spin and -- blam ! shoot guzman dead . spend shell casing roll to a stop on the tile floor . a terrible silence . christina ( v.o. ) what 's happen ? be you okay ? be you there ? derek pick up the phone and terminate the call . he coldly evaluate the two man die in pool of blood . then calmly walk out . as the life slip from colter 's eye , he manage to focus on he beep watch -- where the seventeen minute have run out . and the world bleaches white ... in the haze come the mystical vision again -- but deeper in : the stone wall now curve over we head , become a tunnel . christina walk away from we -- down into the tunnel . the far end be ablaze in white light . we try call to she . but we voice be weak and faint . she continue towards the light ... and we do not follow . int . isolation unit the monitor be dark . everything be still . colter in he seat . for long second we watch he face . int . engineering lab - nellis a.f.b. - day a jarring transition . we be now away from colter 's p.o.v. and in the real , physical environment of the source code operation center . military and civilian personnel work amid mysterious scientific equipment . 102 . rutledge talk on a wall phone . like a team player serve he country . rutledge ( into phone ) yes ... we appreciate that ... I just hope the information have come in time to clear the bridge ... thank you , sir . when he hang up , he turn to goodwin and a few other technician . nake ambition course through he . rutledge whether or not they can stop the bridge attack , we come up with the intelligence . and that virtually assure all of we future . this be just the beginning , guy . ( to goodwin ) you do a great job , goodwin . you operate we captain with skill and professionalism . what 's that you have ? goodwin open a envelope and slide out a citation . goodwin the Army investigate colter 's helicopter crash in Iraq . apparently he stay behind to fly protective cover for a disabled convoy until he run out of fuel . rutledge what 's this , then ? some kind of posthumous reprimand for reckless fly ? goodwin no . it 's the Silver Star . something in goodwin 's voice momentarily check rutledge 's breezy good humor . rutledge send it on to he father . it will ease the pain of he son 's death . goodwin I think I might inform the captain of the citation . 103 . rutledge better not . we can not risk acquaint he with the citation in case the memory wipe be not entirely clean . goodwin the memory wipe ? technician I think we be go to let he die . rutledge I know , I know . but now the director of National Intelligence be sure to want a closer look at we program , and until we train up another candidate , we will need to keep colter around to demonstrate it . technician oh. rutledge this thing be much bigger than any one of we . goodwin , please clear colter 's memory and re-initialize source code . rutledge walk away . the technician give goodwin a look of disgust . goodwin carefully replace the citation into the envelope . int . control console - day Mission Control . panel , console and screen . goodwin take a seat at he workstation . he swing a microphone up and go to flip a switch . then stop . unsure how to proceed . look down at the envelope with the citation in it . int . isolation unit Inside the capsule , the silence continue . colter think to himself . the monitor then come on . 104 . goodwin Captain , this be beleaguere Castle . acknowledge transmission . int . corridor - nellis a.f.b. - day rutledge walk by himself . reflecting . please with himself . under he breath , he acknowledge the praise he 's imagine in he head : rutledge thank you , sir ... I appreciate you faith in I ... it 's a great day for we country . int . isolation unit colter look out at goodwin . a beat of difficult silence . goodwin how be you feel ? be you comfortable ? colter just do it . goodwin come again ? colter just do it . I know they would not let I die . at least you can make I forget all of this . I hope . goodwin stare at he hand . unmove . colter what be you wait for ? you be just do you job . I would do the same thing if I be you . at least you have get a shot at save that people on the bridge . goodwin I doubt it . colter you do not think they will save they ? 105 . goodwin no . I mean , I doubt you would be do this , if you be I . a unusually personal statement , come from goodwin . colter look , someone have to be where you be sit , and someone have to be in here . turned out it be you and I . ( then ) just do it . I be tired . goodwin would you like to see Christina again ? one last time ? colter 's not sure he hear he right . colter I do not understand . goodwin seventeen minute . that 's all I could give you . no mission to fulfill . just ... the two of you . colter ( stunned ) why would you do that ? goodwin as a favor . one prisoner to another . colter prisoner ? goodwin you be right . about I . and about source code . we have keep too much from each other . a odd sensation come over colter . goodwin I usually report in at 0600 . today I be there early . I be there when the call come in . you call . his call ? they share a long look . 106 . colter no ... there 's no way ... there 's no way you could have ... goodwin just smile . colter ( protesting ) how ? the source code be a parallel world ! you tell I so ! it 's hermetically seal . nothing I do on that train would have any effect on this reality ! goodwin you be on the train . I be not . colter but ... goodwin we do not know if any bleed - through could occur . the implication would be staggering . that 's why you be tell to avoid unduly influence event . colter you be say I could have save that people ?! goodwin no . not in we world . the time current be too strong . but minor alteration , here and there , a phone call , say , that might slip through . we do not know for sure . but you prove it . colter be thunderstruck . unable to grasp it . goodwin I have be think about the thing you say on that call . as the day pass , the more I understand they . and now , I guess we have catch up to each other . colter man. just when I think I understand this ... 107 . goodwin ( nervous ) there 's not much time . they think I be re-initializing the system . one last look at she . that 's all I can give you . if that . colter they will nail you ass for this . goodwin if I have any feeling , I would worry about that . but , as you have maintain , I do not . the strange path of they relationship . ending at last at simple , grudge respect . colter Roger that . machinery begins to hum . goodwin this be beleaguere Castle signing off . acknowledge final transmission . colter final transmission acknowledge . ( beat ) thank you , goodwin . goodwin interrupt he preparation for a last look at colter . the noise get louder . the capsule begin to shake . colter touch the monitor . his finger impart to the last image of he world a quiet benediction . int . corridor - nellis a.f.b. - day sipping a cup of coffee , rutledge linger at a window , contemplate he future . intercom ( v.o. ) Dr. rutledge , extension 16 . blink out of reverie , he go over to a wall phone and punch a extension . 108 . rutledge this be rutledge . he listen . his face darken . rutledge shit . he slam down the phone and start running . int . train - morning colter be back on the train . it be morning again , seventeen minute before the destruction . he 's back in the navy blazer . the slack . the commuter , catch up in they individual concern , ignore colter . but he look on they with a appreciation approach joy . for a moment he just sit there . simply be alive in this world . attune to the motion of the train . the sun on he face . and across from he , oblivious , work away on she sketch pad , be Christina . the best sight of all . int . engineering lab - nellis a.f.b. - day bank of machinery be running . rutledge come charge in . fluster . barking question . rutledge what be this ? who authorize this ? technician we do not know , sir . but source code be up and run again . rutledge where 's goodwin ? the chair at the console be empty . technician no idea , sir . a digital clock tick down from 17 minute : 15:28 ... 15:27 ... 15:26 ... rutledge what the hell be he do ? 109 . int . train - morning colter drink in the sight of Christina . finally he get up and walk off down the aisle . as soon as he 's go , Christina look up . she 's observe he interest in she . do not quite know what to make of it . int . train - morning colter be by himself in the exit door area . from he jacket he take out a cell phone . close on -- the cell phone screen as he dial 9 - 1 - 1 . the call connect ... operator ( v.o. ) 9 - 1 - 1 . what be the nature of you emergency ? int . control console - day rutledge watch the computer churn . rutledge shut it down . technician Sir ? rutledge shut down the source code . right now . the technician hesitates . rutledge ( cont 'd ) Fine . I will do it myself . rutledge sit down at the control . technician I would not do that . rutledge give a dismissive snort . and yet he pause . rutledge and why not ? 110 . technician we have never interrupt source code in mid run . we would have to literally pull the plug . it could damage the processor . rutledge let it finish , then . no harm in that , I guess . ( ominous ) all of you be in deep shit , I promise you . as for goodwin , he will never make it off this base . rutledge pick up a phone . technician I do not think that 's where he 's head . rutledge consider . and then catch on . rutledge he would not . look up at the technician . grow more and more uneasy . snap he attention back to the countdown clock which read : 12:42 . before it hit 12:41 , rutledge be already out of he chair and running for the door . rutledge seal the icu . I want a detachment of mps meeting I on the way there . int . train - morning colter walk down the aisle . look at he watch -- 12 minute , 40 second . the train begin to slow down . announcer ( v.o. ) now approach Newark Station . Newark Station , next stop . the Computer engineer begin to wake up . as he do , colter pass by , deftly slip the borrow cell phone back into the engineer 's hand without be notice . derek pack up he thing . we see he hide he wallet into a gap in the seat cushion and get up . 111 . the College kid , also get up , notice derek 's wallet , pick it up and hurry after he . college student hey , you drop this . derek wow . thanks . keeping he composure , derek accept the wallet . colter step aside , allow they to pass . allow it all to happen . the station slide into view . no one on the platform . int . stairwell - nellis a.f.b. - day rutledge furiously descend , shove people out of he way . int . underground bunker - nellis a.f.b. - day rutledge run up to a lock door and swipe he access card through the scanner . it come up red . rutledge what ?! he try again . Red . the door stay locked . ext . newark platform - morning the train come to a halt . unlike before , the door stay shut for several second longer than usual . derek wait quietly at the door . finally they open . derek step out onto the platform , together with the Old man , the College kid and guzman . announcer ( v.o. ) Newark Station . colter remain on board , stand in the exit area , watch . as usual , derek quickly flip he wallet onto the next car and start toward the station house . guzman be ahead of he , already push open the door to the station . all be quiet . perhaps too quiet . derek approach the station and see 112 . through the OPEN door in station lobby be police officer . derek 's jaw tighten . he change course , head instead for a outdoor stairwell . come up the stair , however , be more police officer . wheeling around , derek head the other way . walk faster , but keep he head . not run , not panic . the train , oddly , be still sit there . as he near the other end of the platform , more officer appear from behind column , cut off he escape . the police be come from all side , converge on the platform . yet no one panic . no one run . finally -- police commander ( calling out ) derek frost . derek go to get back on the train . the door , however , slide shut in he face . through the close door , derek look in at colter , still on the train . they stare at one another through the window . police commander Mr. frost . please turn to face we . a entire phalanx of police officer be on the platform . derek of course . what 's this about ? unseen by the officer , derek have take out he cell phone and be dialing it as he turn around . the police approach , cautiously . police commander place you hand in the air . derek my pleasure . raising he hand , he push send on he phone . on board the train there 's a ringing . 113. int . train - morning the detonator phone have be remove from the bomb and now ring harmlessly in the hand of the train 's security officer . the restroom door be open and swarm with conductor examine the bomb . on the platform , the officer tackle derek , subdue he . passenger watch at the window , mesmerize . announcer ( v.o. ) once again , please return to you seat , lady and gentleman . no way . no one 's move from the window . except for colter , who stand off by himself . the first look of satisfaction we have ever see on he face . int . underground bunker - nellis a.f.b. - day a alarm be go off . at a lock door , a Air Force locksmith be in the process of disable the key pad . rutledge pace , livid . rutledge I want to know who reprogrammed this lock . and if you do not get this open in ten second I will see that you be bust back down to private . locksmith I be already a private , sir . rutledge just open it ! a man 's life be at stake . the key pad go GREEN and the pressure lock release . rutledge tear open the door . int . stairwell - nellis a.f.b. - day armed military police clatter down the step . 114 . int . bunker medical facility - nellis a.f.b. - day goodwin enter . he lock another door behind he . he be shake but nevertheless go forward . in the chamber , three medic monitor gauge and screen . one of they stand up to block he way . medic # 1 sorry , I can not let you pass . goodwin remove the patch on he uniform to reveal the insignia of a major . goodwin step aside . that 's a order . medic # 1 we all know you rank , goodwin , but I have explicit order from rutledge not to -- bam ! goodwin drop the medic with a splintering headbutt . goodwin I be glad you know my rank . be you also aware I be in the special force ? ext . newark platform - morning the train have be evacuate as police investigator search the rest of the car . hoard of passenger fill the platform as conductor try to herd they towards the station . announcer ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , rail service have be cancel . please clear the platform and proceed into the station . New Jersey Transit apologize for the inconvenience . ext . newark station - parking lot - morning Police car park everywhere . two detective be question the Computer engineer . detective so you have no idea how you cell phone be use to call in the tip ? 115 . computer engineer no ! people mill about wait for the bus , groan and complain . Christina accost a pass transit employee . christina what now ? how do we get to work ? you guy have some buss or something ? the transit employee ignore she and walk away . christina hey ! I be talk to you ! she stand there in exasperation . this whole thing have be design to thwart she . nearby , colter sit on a bench . colter ai not life grand ? look over , she notice he . christina yeah . now I be go get fire for be late . colter maybe that 's a good thing . she give he a sharp look . int . underground bunker - nellis a.f.b. - day rutledge run , now lead the detachment of mps . rutledge shoot he if you have to , you hear I ? the mps exchange a look of annoyance at be order around by this guy . int . bunker medical facility - nellis a.f.b. - day a heavy inner door have be open . 116 . int . bunker icu - nellis a.f.b. - day the beeping of life support system . the compression of a ventilator . goodwin approach a gurney . a jungle of tube and line lead from the gurney into advanced machinery . a somber look on he face . goodwin hello , Captain . as goodwin edge forward , we reveal the bare foot of someone lie there . a digital timer read 1 minute . int . underground bunker - nellis a.f.b. - day at the facility 's outer door , the locksmith go to work on another panel as rutledge and the mps stand by . locksmith give I twenty second . rutledge make it ten . rutledge look at he watch . it read 52 second . ext . newark station - parking lot - morning close on - colter' watch it also read 52 second . his work be do . he 's save she . save they all . at least this one time . only she do not know that . Christina stand there , arm cross , scowling at the parking lot . christina could this day get any worse ? colter that train be take you to a place you do not want to be . but then you get off . and maybe that 's a sign . 117 . christina yeah . if only . she take out she cell phone . the stress of she day . christina I be call a cab . maybe I will only be somewhat late for work . colter watch she , a quiet ache inside . maybe some people do not want to be save . int . bunker icu - nellis a.f.b. - day the noise from the outer door grow louder . the mps be only second from get inside . goodman move towards the life support equipment . as he do , we glimpse a horrifying sight : the upper half of colter 's body -- he real body -- inside a sterile tent of transparent plastic . his skull have be remove . a massive apparatus have be infuse directly onto he brain . goodwin take a long , last look . goodwin thank you for you service . time to go home . goodwin 's hand go to the switch to shut off life support . his eye on the clock . it read 30 second . ext . newark station - parking lot - day Christina on the phone , wait as it dial . colter hey . she turn . colter get up . colter you can do anything you want with you life . start right now . she 's take aback . he start walk off . cab dispatch ( v.o. ) Metro cab dispatch . a long beat as she watch he . 118. cab dispatch ( v.o. ) hello ...? click . she shut she phone . beat . be she crazy ? she 's baffle by she own action . and by this unusual guy here . christina wait . colter turn . she cross she arm archly . christina you can not just expect someone to change she life just like that . at the very least ... you would have to buy that person coffee and explain you reason . she wait for he response . uneasy at put herself out there . colter 's watch tick down to the final second . his last moment in this world . he have only time enough for a final look of reassurance . colter maybe some other time . disappointment flicker on she face . she turn to go . behind she be a stone wall . a bicycle be park against it . colter 's breath catch in he throat . this be it ! this be the mysterious scene he 's be see ! he watch - Hit zero . int . bunker icu - nellis a.f.b. - day the digital timer - also hit zero . the outer door open . rutledge rush in , accompany by mps . rutledge arrest he ! goodwin back away from the gurney , hand in the air . the beeping have give way to a monotone . all of colter 's vital sign have flatlined . 119 . rutledge he 's die ...! rutledge frantically go to reconnect the machine -- but goodwin have turn off too many of they . rutledge get a medical team in here ! move ! but the mps just stare at the appall sight of colter 's expose brain . rutledge ( shrieking ) what be you stand there for ?! do it ! we can save he !!! no one move . rutledge rashly grab for one of the mp' rifle . rutledge I guess force be the only thing you people understa -- mp back away , sir , now ! the mp have levele he rifle at rutledge . who step back , aghast . his authority have vanish with colter 's life . goodwin shut off the monitor . silence fill the room . colter be dead . rutledge stare sorrowfully at colter 's body . then at goodwin with burn hatred . rutledge you be a murderer . goodwin offer he hand to the mp . goodwin go ahead and arrest I . but the mp do nothing . goodwin I will be around . whenever you want I . they part as he walk out of the room . a look of grim satisfaction on he face . 120 . ext . newark station - parking lot - morning Christina walk past the bicycle park against the stone wall . she 's about to enter a tunnel that go under the track . the same tunnel from colter 's vision . she stop . something tell she to turn around . the bench where colter sit be empty . but three foot away ... colter be stand there . still here . dumbfound , he look at he watch -- it remain at zero . he look all around . tree stir in the breeze . a bird fly overhead . the crowd of passenger outside the station . christina you okay ? colter turn to she . how can this be ? he 's afraid to even speak . as if that alone could break the enchantment . but the world be here . it go on . that 's all he know . finally he swallow . find he voice . colter you be right . the least I can do be buy you coffee . this please Christina , although she try not to show it . christina okay , well , come on then . walk forward , he join she . the two of they disappear down the tunnel . a beautiful morning . fade out .