southern comfort revise draft by David giler and walter Hill screenplay by Michael kane original Story by Gordon Carroll , David giler and walter Hill southern comfort fade in : baton rouge , louisiana ext . armory night warehouse district , near the river ... a statue of a confederate soldier stand in the shadow , he rifle hold high and proud . Beyond , a Civil War cannon point out from the darkness . headlight bright and blind from down the street , they pass over the statue and find a sign : " Louisiana National Guard " ... the ear slowly glide into the armory parking lot . another sei of headlight as a pick - up truck down -shift . from the opposite end of the street another vehicle approach , follow by more headlight ... and more headlight ... and more again . cur to : int . armory night two basketball hoop . frame photo of Generals and military leader . a american flag.cross with the state banner of Louisiana ... spell out in bold letter across the far wall , " this be the Home of the . best infantry company in the World . " one hundre national guardsmen some sit or lie on the cement , other lean : against the brick wall , still other fueling up on coffee and donut . U.S , Army fatigue everywhere ; boot , bayonet , buttpack , ammo pouch , canteen hang from pistol belt , steel pot helmet with camouflage net ... ( continued ) 2 . continued : saturday morning a whistle blow . first sergeant fall int grudgingly , the man start to assemble , pick up they duffle bag and form line . again the whistle blow . first sergeant come on , fall in ! roll call formation four platoon , 110 man stand alongside they duffle . the first sergeant move before they and begin shouting name from a clipboard . each man answer with a half - heart " yeah " or " yo " . first sergeant marian ... masterson\.. mayhew ... maxvill ... meadow ... merritt ... middlebrook ... this be the weekend warrior . some have sign on year ago to duck the draft , some of they just like be in the club , the other . in for the money each month and the prospect of a pension . cur to : the company now at parade rest . a man appear at the far doorway . first sergeant company ! platoon leader platoon ! first sergeant aten-hut ! ( continued ) 3 . continued : saturday morning c& the guardsman come to attention as Captain underwood enter and exchange a snappy salute with the first sergeant . . first sergeant company all present or account for , sir . captain take you post , sergeant . captain underwood late forty . lean and mean . Hair cut yesterday . boot glisten , fatigue starch . his voice crisp , sharp . complete command . captain at ease . the company relax . Men shift weight , scratch . , captain platoon sergeant . after you man draw they weapon you will be in the truck ready to move out at 0500 . there be the possibility some battalion brass will be come down to observe you people ... please for once in you life could you try to look like soldier ... platoon leader platoon ! captain aten-hut ! the company snap to attention . rifleman cleoiis wilson - specialist 4th CLASS Black ; 25 year old , a lineman for Louisiana Bell telephone . his mental agility bely he 11th grade education . married , sa ( continued ) 4 . continued : saturday morning two child , a third on the way . as he stand at attention he notice a lone figure slowly make he way across the armory . wilson here he be , pride of the regiment . all eye target on : rifleman terrance lee atwater - specialist 4th CLASS handsome , with the look of youth that come from live the soft life . his hair flop over he forehead , . cover a portion of he glass . his boot need a shine , he uniform a press . not a sad sack , but he be spoiled Southern . his steel helmet be tie to the duffle bag and clang out as he drag it across the cement floor . as he pass the Captain , atwater casually flick a salute in the officer 's general direction . atwater Captain . captain you be late , soldier . to the snicker of the man and the stare of the Captain , atwater join ist ' squad , 2nd platoon . stands in line next to Wilson . atwater do I miss sick call ? rifleman victor calvelli - specialist 4th CLASS stand next to Wilson on the other side . - wear a wedding ring . thirty year old . a Chemical engineer transfer down from New Jersey two month ago by texaco . not too thrilled about be here . captain platoon leader , move ‘em out . CUT to : 5 . saturday morning q the guardsmen be issue they rifle , check they equipment , help each other with they pack , load gear into the truck ... the vehicle engine kick over , headlight . go on . ; CUT to : int . rear of truck a fortunate few sit on the fold bench along the side , the other lie on the floor among they duffle bag and rifle ... outside a young Lieutenant pass by , decide to look in for a regulation growl . lieutenant you man comfortable ? men yes sir ! lieutenant can not hear you ! they roar back . men yes sir ! lieutenant good . the Lieutenant move briskly on . atwater why be everybody always yell around here ? he speak with the voice of a man with a terrific hangover . CUT to : 6 . saturday morning the convoy moving out - in darkness a roaring line of jeeps and truck snort black exhaust ; headlight sweeping past the armory . init . rear of truck the last vehicle of the ten truck convoy shelter the man of the 2nd platoon ; 40 of they take the bump , settling down , try either to get comfortable or , even a better idea , to get some sleep . rifleman earl longbrake - specialist 4th CLASS Big and solid . Red of neck . like a good time . nineteen year old . he pull a six pack of Dixie beer out of he duffle bag and offer it around after pop one open for himself . longbrake anybody for a brew ? his pal masterson make the automatic reach . as do atwater . atwater Hair of the dog . rifleman lonnie masterson - specialist 5 th CLASS late 20' . Works in the oil field . complete he three year regular Army and be in the Guard because he like it . drive a pick - up , wear a droop moustache and sideburn ... a life model for longbrake . guardsman Christ . even the cow be not up . o 7 . saturday morning rifleman tyrone smith - specialist 3rd CLASS early 20' . Black , Street smart . happy , as long as he 's high , which be almost always . longbrake masterson smith we there yet ? atwater hey , tyrone . you ready for this ? smith shit , I be get ready all week on red and white ... blue even . toss out a few more beer . atwater . where we spend the weekend ? wilson atchaflaya basin . do not you ever listen up atwater ? guardsman why in Christ they take we to the bonny for ? wilson do not ask I . hey masterson , why in Christ be they take we to the boony for ? look back at Wilson with mild irritation . masterson Cause . wilson oh I see . ' Long as you put it that way . atwater take a long drink of beer . CUT to : 8 . saturday morning ext , roadside dawn the convoy roll through the suburb of baton rouge ; all quiet among the row of house beyond the rumbling column of khaki color vehicle . CUT to : int . rear of truck dawn most of the 2nd platoon now sound asleep , oblivious to the ' first ray of sunlight . a slow stretch move by one of ' the uniform man ... rifleman nolan youngblood - specialist 4th CLASS biggest of they all . and all of it 's muscle . teaches ninth grade history and be also the varsity line coach at Lafayette Union High School . he 's not one to be take lightly ... unfortunately he do not take himself lightly either , see cl himself as a scholar- athlete and be clearly a man who love the sound of he own voice . youngblood trust you bring you portable air conditioner , atwater . atwater and refrigerator . wilson atwater 's the only man in the history of the Guard that bring satin sheet to summer camp . masterson what you all doin ' in the truck with we anyway , atwater ? why be not you ridin ' down on a polo pony ? atwater listen , my polo pony would not associate with you guy . 9 . saturday morning calvelli light a cigarette and close he eye , try to block out the bullshit . cur to : the convoy now move along the interstate highway . Morning break on a sharp , clear day ... it 's go to be a hot one ... a little girl at a Gas Station wave as the truck pass . the guardsman give she the finger . CUT to : int . truck cab dawn Three man , squad leader Taylor , next to he a sergeant from the 2nd squad and ... squad leader claude norman - specialist , e-5 behind the wheel . his sleeve be push up and he right forearm have a tatoo of a pirate skull . he drop out of high school to join the Army and fight in nam , but they stop the war . piss he off . still have idea though . ' live alone , keep two cat . subscribe to " soldier of fortune " , norman know what I hear ? that they be look for professional in Africa . sergeant whore ? norman mercenary . in Mexico and Latin America too .. pay $ 1300 a month plus transportation . ( continued ) a 10 . continued : saturday morning sergeant man could retire . norman I read about it . they be lookin ' all the time . : squad leader crawford taylor - specialist 6th CLASS two tour in viet nam . decorate . know how to play the game . go for he twenty year pension , already have nine in ... the man of the 2nd platoon all respect he ; a good man to have on you side . taylor they want combat soldier , norman . not typist . ext . convoy the truck be move laboriously down a four lane highway . in the distance a isolate shopping center site stand half construct . int . rear of truck morning longbrake look across at the half - asleep Wilson . longbrake hey , clitoris . Wilson cut he off cold . wilson cleotis . longbrake yeah . when we get down in they swamp , be sure you watch out for that snake . ( continued ) 11 . continued : saturday morning wilson I will watch for they . I just do not want they watchin ' for I . calvelli someone have finally say something that interest he ... or at least something that he think he ought to know about . calvelli what kind of snake ? guardsman moccasin . copperhead . longbrake one a they bite you , you bend over , stick you head between you knee and kiss you ass goodbye . master on quietly reach into he pocket and pull out a box of 5 - 56 ammunition . without draw attention from the other , snap a shell into the chamber of he m - 16 . . guardsman when I be training in Fort ben , we instructor get bit right here by a coral snake . he extend he right arm . guardsman he put he hand on a log , take he machette , and cut he hand right off , I swear to God . groan and smile ; nobody believe he . ( continued ) 12 , cont inued . : saturday morning masterson lean out over the tailgate of the truck , level he m - 16 at the approach supermarket construction site and send a bullet into a huge plate glass window , a quarter of a mile beyond . supermarket the window shatter and fall . int . rear of truck a proud smile shine out from under masterson 's moustache ; some of the boy think this be the funniest thing they have ever see . masterson I be not worried about snake . he reach into he shirt and display the box of live ammunition . longbrake shit , you sonofabitch . why do not you tell I you bring real ammo ? a violent sway from the lurching vehicle . ext . highway the truck pull over hard to the right , onto the shoulder of the road . int . rear of truck - brake sound from the heavy vehicle ... the small window separate the truck bed from the cab be snap open . norman allright , what the fuck be that ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : saturday morning atwater backfire . longbrake norman ? | norman | yeah ? ' longbrake | fuck you . | master on why do not you get this son of bitch tune up , norman . | Taylor 's head appear at the window . taylor whatever the hell 's go on back there , knock it off ... the guardsman go quiet . a long moment . taylor ' okay , norman let 's go . the window again snap up ... a moment later the truck lurch into gear . masterson Wide smile . he get away with it . calvelli his stoical expression do not quite mask he contempt . atwater be the only one quick enough to notice . he grin across to calvelli . atwater yeah , we be not smart , but we sure have fun . CUT to : 14 . ext , SMALL town early morning the convoy leisurely move down the business section ; a shopkeeper be open he General store as the truck roll past ... the Old man get pelt with empty beer can . cur to : int . truck - the men knocked out , sweaty , quiet as they bounce along . then , finally , the truck grind to a slow halt . smith we stop . wilson you be right up there with the latest news , be not ya . outside the truck a raspy male voice penetrate the morning air . voice alright ! let 's go in there ! outta the truck ! slowly the man start drop out over the tailgate . they fall and trip , get hit with helmet , rifle , duffle bag . the 1st squad , second platoon atwater , calvelli , youngblood , Smith , longbrake , masterson , Wilson form a loose rank and make a unhurry attempt to get organize ... they look across at the unfamiliar terrain . ' there Pov : the bayou across a high levee ... marsh stretch to the horizon line . thin pine rise out of the misty swamp ; the tree be bearded with moss but they branch be dead and bare . 15 . saturday mid -day the 1st squad still near they truck ; around they the bivouac area be jump with activity as guardsman start digging trenches for latrine , lay wire , pitching tent . a Lieutenant be bark order from the perimeter of the clear . lieutenant sergeant ! get you man digging in ... I do not want to see you . i£ I can see you , the enemy can see you ... set up you security . he notice the man of the ist squad . lieutenant hey you meatball ! what the hell do you think you be do there ... why be not you with you platoon ? atwater special detail , sir . lieutenant what kind of detail ? atwater with the truck . make sure it 's not capture , Sir . lieutenant get over with you unit . now ! load and lock down . they slowly move off . the Lieutenant turn he back ; Wilson use this opportunity to give he a quick finger . CUT to : the 1st squad sitting in the shade , slowly feed blank into the magazine clip . longbrake be load the big m-60 Machine gun , ammo belt drape around he neck . ( continued ) 16 . continued : saturday mid -day youngblood Lord , this sun can broil a man alive . atwater | hey calvelli , bet you think all the Louisiana Guard do be beat up on college kid and tear | gas nigger . the kind of comment that give Wilson a open . wilson please mistah guardsman , no moah canister . do not let that shepherd , | dog loose on I . longbrake want to have some fun at the new man 's expense as well ; with study casualness he point the big m - 60 at calvelli . calvelli ji yeah , I remember see you guy on television , and say , pal ... ( push machine gun barrel away ) do not be point that thing at I . longbrake only blank . calvelli I do not care if it 's hundred dollar bill , do not point it at I . edgy silence , long look between the two man . atwater decide to break the tension , only right since he be the one that first get the ball roll . atwater longbrake , do not you be pick on we new man . get to be polite to they foreign boy . ( continued ) 17 . continued : saturday mid -day q longbrake you from New York ? calvelli New Jersey . longbrake same difference . calvelll yeah . right . norman run up from across the clear . norman alright , let 's hurry it up . do not just sit there . soon as you be finish , go over with the rest of the platoon and get square away . atwater yes , norman . — longbrake fuck you , norman . smith too hot to be hurryin' . norman wait impatiently while the squad slowly pick they - selve up . atwater suppose . you be use to a little more serious soldier back in | New Jersey . calvelli yeah , we have thing organize . the only thing we do be watch the ball game on tee vee , shoot dice , and sleep . ( continued ) 18 . continued : saturday mid -day they get up and start move , again look off at the bayou and the swamp beyond . youngblood feel that the sight call for he personal comment . youngblood the primordial swamp . that 's where it all start , gentleman . right in there . atwater that 's real interesting , coach . youngblood I know that you have trouble deal with a abstract idea , atwater . atwater walk over near calvelli , away from the main group . calvelli gonna be a long fuck weekend if I have to listen to this shit . CUT to : the 1st squad move slowly across the clear ; Taylor join they , draw they into a circle . they light cigarettes , sit on they hélmet . . taylor I get good news and bad news . bad news be there be no good news . we be go on a over - night recon patrol . massive groan . norman okay , quit you bitching and listen up to sgt. Taylor . ( continued ) 19 . continued : saturday mid -day longbrake fuck you , norman . taylor that 's enough of that ... Alpha team will be recon . bravo team security ... calvelli you be with bravo . look over he man . taylor levee up this way be we objective , rendezvous point be outside New iberia . we be go to travel in overwatch and movement in file formation with maximum use of concealment ... Smith , you with we ? Smith obviously be not . smith sure be sergeant . I be really up for this one . taylor good , cause you be go to be my pace man . Big laugh from the boy . they know a good joke when they hear one . taylor masterso n'1l be : point ... we be talk about 38 kilometer so make sure you fill you canteen at the water buffalo . atwater any liquor store open ? Taylor ignore atwater . ( continued ) 20 . continued : saturday mid -day taylor every member pitch in and pull they weight . I do not want any - body dogging it out there . you be all buddy , count and depend on each other . everybody do they job . turn away . CUT to : the 1st squad - at the water BUFFALO fill they canteen from the spigot on the tanker truck ; fix they butt pack , adjust strap , ponchos ... Wilson be pull the big p.r.c. two - way communicator into place on he back , then position the pad to keep it from cut into he shoulder . wilson we sure get all the good detail . youngblood this will be good exercise for you . put a little muscle in you pants . youngblood enjoy he own feeble joke . longbrake that 's the last thing I need , coach . unless you want to take care of it . atwater anything you like , longbrake . speak for myself I prefer woman . master on Big chance we get of that . ( continued ) 21 . continued : saturday mid -day '' atwater life 's full of surprise , son . master on what do that mean ? atwater 's get they full attention . he play the moment , pause , smile . atwater I have arrange for a little treat for the weekend , boy . six whore de combat presently await we assault ... I be sure they will fuck we in a more inter - esting way than the National Guard of the state of Louisiana have . masterson you be not kid , be you ? atwater a I never joke about woman . longbrake I have not be laid in six hour . I be ready . . masterson how they gonna meet we ? longbrake yeah , where be they ? atwater hole up , wait my call . ( he move around to Wilson , put he arm around the big p.r.c. radio ) that responsibility for contact rest on my old buddy Wilson , and he trusty walkie talkie . ( continued ) 22. continued : saturday mid -day wilson you get one for I ? smith I ? you mean we , do not you brother ? pause . atwater now boy remember , the purpose of the National Guard be to keep you darker brother away from decent Southern woman ... but in the spirit of the New South I have make full arrange - ment . smile all around . and a few cheer . wilson atwater , you be not all bad . they begin move away from the water buffalo . CUT to : the 1st squad - at the edge of the bivouac they be now nine combat ready man , walk in file . sweat begin to seep through they fatigue . twig and piece of bush now grow from they steel helmet . sgt. Taylor have field glass , amp , flashlight and compass . Wilson be along - side ... longbrake pack the big m - 60 machine gun , ammo belt drape around he neck . all the rest have m - 16 rifle ... the squad move forward , walk up and over the levee toward the bayou . masterson when I be a kid , people use to live all up and down this bayous . ( continued ) 23 . continued : saturday mid -day norman government clear they out . calvelli must of be tough leave a real paradise like this . the squad clear the crest of the levee . at the fringe of the bayou they slowly pull up , look off at the horizon . taylor norman , shape they up and test fire . this be as good a place as any . norman whirl and begin shouting ; this be the kind of assignment he take very seriously . norman squad . forma line . every rifleman 20 foot apart ! . longbrake hey , norman ? norman yeah , what be it longbrake ? longbrake fuck you . the man spread out , open they ammo pouch , slap the maga - zine into the breech of they m - 16' , slide the bolt and commence fire . atwater take advantage of this moment to aim and fire at Wilson ... wilson do not do that , mother fucker . longbrake 's m - 60 machine gun spit out a few blank shell ... then all go quiet once more . taylor masterson , we want to move out on a head of zero six five . ( continued ) 24 , continued : saturday mid -day masterson yo . he move off a confident experience soldier , quality he share only with Taylor among the other member of the bravo team . the squad move off into the swamp follow thirty yard behind masterson 's point . the quality of the moment so excite atwater that he break into song : atwater over hill , over dale , as we hit the dusty trail ... the spirit be infectious ; the entire squad save Taylor , norman and calvelli join in . squad and that caisson keep roll along . it 's hi hi hee in the field artillery and that caisson go roll ... some member of the bravo team substitute the word " fuck - up " for caisson . cut to : int . swamp day hot , humid , dense foliage climb alongside a small bayou , twenty yard wide . the muddy water be still and tepid , punctuate only by float water vegetation . bird call , the buzz of insect , a bull frog belch . 25 . saturday afternoon across the bayou - masterson his camouflage blend he into the foliage . he look right , then leave , up the bayou , swing he rifle onto he shoulder and take a read . the compass in palm of right hand . his leave hand shield the dial from the blaze sun . master on snap the compass close , tuck it away , wipe the sweat from he face and take a long swig from he canteen . he give a arm and hand signal to that behind , hold he rifle ready , and wade across the bayou . the rest of the squad they come out of the growth , in file , as Taylor wait for they . masterson visible across the shallow body of water beyond . longbrake where the fuck be you guy take we ? masterson be almost at the opposite bank when he stumble ... stop , throw he rifle sling over he shoulder freeing he hand ... masterson begin grapple with some fish netting that encase he foot . longbrake can see masterson 's difficulty from thirty yard back . ge ( continued ) 26 . continued : saturday afternoon / @ longbrake what the hell be it ? . master on now cut the net with he bayonet , tear it loose from the stream bed ... master on nothing . just some God damn drag line net . frees himself and move on . atwater approach the water 's edge , not happy with he immediate prospect . be ] Christ . taylor go ahead and cross the God damn thing , do not just stand there look at it . atwater atwater | I can not go in there , I have get a terminal hangover . taylor Water will take care of it real nice . atwater I think I should go back . no kid . I be serious . Wilson pretend to send a radio message on he p.r.c . ( continued ) 27 . continued : saturday afternoon wilson echo 7 - 1 , request helicopter med-evac , top priority terminal hangover . read I , roger and over . taylor take up you position atwater . atwater cross , sloshing through the calf - deep bayou , adjust he backpack as he go . Smith next approach the water 's edge ... taylor Smith , how you doin ' with the pace ? smith great. 461 meter ... more or less . very large smile from Taylor ; he 's not depend on anyone else for direction or distance . taylor right ... could not make it without you , tyrone . both man cross with Wilson . CUT to : ext . clearing day the ist squad eat C ration ; they sit a few foot apart , in the mossy shade of a cypress tree . Smith lift one of the metal container and for inexplicable reason become engross read the catalog of content . smith meal . combat individual . pork , slice and cook ... cracker , peanut butter , dry prune ... o 28 . saturday afternoon across the way Wilson and atwater huddle over the p.r.c . wilson ( press the recharge button ) * 7 - 1 , 7 - 1 , this be 7 - 8 , over . squawking voice 7 - 8 , this be 7 - 1 . wilson Change in order necessitate you make contact with advance party . urgent. move operation Southern Belle to coordinate 07-035 . squawking voice we copy . 07-035 . wilson Battle position installation set for 2200 hour . squawking voice 2200 hour . support troops stand by . over . he put the phone back and smile at atwater ; Smith have hear the transmission . smith ( big smile ) atwater , shittt ... get they woman . : atwater what 's the pace , tyrone ? smith 380 , 455 , 770 . whatever one get we to that lady the fastest . norman come back across the clear . ( continued ) 29 . continued : saturday afternoon norman okay , off and on . break time 's over . let 's go , move it . longbrake can not afford to miss he cue . longbrake fuck you , norman . atwater slowly rise . atwater civilian in peace , soldier in war , I be the Guard . CUT . to : the lst squad again on the move in close file ; the still water churn and the weed break as the guardsman go wading through . though it be mid-day and the sun be blaze , there be a eerie darkness to all . , CUT to : another part of the swamp as the squad come move through . atwater and Wilson dodge among the branch and undergrowth , trail by longbrake . atwater the whole package will cost you sixty one dollar a month , cover everything , house , life , wife and kid . wilson man , I tell you before I can not afford that . ( continued ) continued : everybody right . 30 . saturday afternoon atwater a man in you line of work , climb telephone pole all day , two kid , another in the oven , you can not afford hot to have full coverage . norman knock it off back there ! atwater ah , fuck you up there . norman and keep that God damn helmet on ! wilson D. company . the dirty thirty . longbrake D for douche bag . atwater dork company . youngblood doonesbury . look at youngblood , he can never get anything longbrake doonesbury ? smith ( count he pace ) 478 , 479 ... dickhead ! 382 , 383 , 384 ... taylor okay , knock it off . they walk a few yard in silence , then : ( continued ) 31 . continued : saturday afternoon '' ) calvelli Jesus ! Jesus Christ ! he drop to the ground , slapping and pull at he pants leg . calvelli it 's on I . shit ! something 's on I ! sgt. Taylor be the first one to he . the other gather round . longbrake get a black widow on ya ? tarantula maybe ? longbrake just think it 's funny as hell . CUT to : a large wood tick a a inch across and unfortunately deeply imbed in calvelli 's N calf . taylor okay take it easy now . hold still . Taylor have he zippo out and put the flame to the tick 's backside ... after the insect have pull back he scrape it off calvelli 's leg with he pocket knife . taylor there . it 's off . calvelli it 's still bleed . taylor you want it to . the rest of the man begin itching and scratch . ( continued ) 32 . continued : saturday afternoon masterson you see that sucker ? longbrake if you pull it off , the head stay in and you die . youngblood you do not die , cretin . you leg just get infect . smith yeah . and rot off . longbrake who you call a cretin ? youngblood you . youngblood 's much too big to argue with ; the man of bravo team , dork company begin to shoulder they pack and move out . CUT to : taylor move through swamp a few pace ahead of the rest of the squad save masterson 's point . he study the map a bit , then return it to he breast pocket . taylor Smith , send up the pace . smith ( from behind ) huh ? atwater and smith atwater hey lightn , Taylor want the pace . ( continued ) 33 . continued : saturday afternoon smith Pace ? what pace you talkin bout ? oh , the pace . 635 ? atwater tell he it 's 635 ! taylor and wilson taylor Wilson , inform company we be crossing phase line bob. wilson ( into phone ) echo 7 - 1 , this be echo 7 - 8 , do you copy ? squawking voice Roger 7 - 8 , go ahead . wilson have cross phase line Bob , over . squawking voice that 's a roger 7 - 8 , you have cross phase line Bob . wilson okey dokey smokey . squawking voice 7 - 1 , have receive confirmation on Southern Belle . Advance party on manuever anticipate small unit military penetration . Wilson break into a big , big smile . wilson that be a roger . ( continued ) 34 . continued : saturday afternoon taylor what be all that about ? wilson damned if I know , I never can understand that man . he swat at a bug . wilson damn mosquito . Wilson turn , catch atwater 's eye and give he a big smile and the high sign . atwater smile , turn to longbrake and nod . the word spread , operation Southern Belle be a go . CUT to : master on he make he way and stop at the edge of a large bayou , the biggest yet see , some sixty yard wide . the rest of the squad trail behind ... longbrake as he catch sight of the large body of water . longbrake look like they build a new ocean here . taylor I can not figure out where the hell we be . we should be right in here . ( look at he map ) now either this damn map be wrong or I can not find my way around the block . : masterson I keep right like you tell I . ( continued ) 35 . continued : saturday afternoon taylor yeah , I know ... bayou 's must of shift . wilson want I to raise company ? taylor no need for that . Long as we keep go North we will be alright . the squad move along the bank of the bayou . norman get that weapon off you shoulder . longbrake fuck you norman . you carry this elephant gun ! gesture to he big m-60 ... it do in fact weight forty - four pound . norman not so close together . watch you position . masterson on point he stop , look ahead , further along the edge of the bayou . he Pov : two pirogue Hand -made dugout , like big canoe , pull up on high ground . masterson move down to they both have long pole use for push forward . in the shell ( cont inued ) continued : of one of masterson the squad masterson 36 . saturday afternoon the craft be four dead neutria ( giant furry rat ) . whistle to the other . masterson over here . join he * youngblood who you . think they belong to ? master on us. taylor no they do not . they belong to the indiginous personnel . do not fuck around with they . longbrake think they float ? master on Hell , yes . they be pirogue . cajun back here use ‘em all the time . longbrake they be not use they now . turn to Taylor . master on what say we take they down the bayou ? wilson yeah . I can deal with that . Way my back feel . atwater do not forget . I have a very impor - tant hangover . ( continued ) 37 . continued : saturday afternoon longbrake Hell , we might make New iberia tonight . masterson put they woman under martial law . taylor what woman you talk about ? smith atwater 's run lady . silence . masterson he 's get some lady meeting we . taylor atwater ? atwater it 's all set ... noleen the bayou Queen . and she court ... just a little something for morale . taylor really ? do not seem to be happy with this news . youngblood come forward . | youngblood ++ I do not think we should take the canoe . they be not ours . masterson that 's right they be not ours ... now let 's get in they . they move for the pirogue . ( continued ) 38 . continued : saturday afternoon taylor hold on , fungo . nobody give you a order . they stop and look at Taylor . norman a little R & R never hurt . atwater part of be a soldier be learn to live off the land . smith how bout it , sergeant ? taylor well now boy , I just do not know . pause . taylor what kind of foot soldier would take some beat up old boat ? pause . atwater we would . taylor you be right . cheer . whistles . they break for the pirogue . norman commandeer the swamp craft of indigenous personnel ! the squad as they divide up , accord to Taylor 's order . ( continued ) 39 . continued : saturday afternoon taylor Wilson , masterson , youngblood , atwater with I . Rest of you with norman ... just watch out you do not tip the damn thing over , norman , calvelli , Smith and longbrake get in the pirogue . longbrake hold the m - 60 in he lap . taylor's pirogue the man squat down , Taylor have he map out . norman atwater , you take the pole . atwater not I , sarge . let youngblood do it . he 's good at that stuff . the pirogue getting under way they be tricky and rock easily and almost tip , but the man keep they balance and both pirogue glide along , side by side , racing . the man be laugh and holler . masterson sees something he point back to the shore , laugh ... Pov : two cajun trappers walking along the bank at this distance they feature be unrecognizable , but they be big , dark and frightening man , in rubber hip boot . taylor where would they come from ? Smith wave at they , use a falsetto voice . ( continued ) 40 . continued : saturday afternoon smith hi , boy . thanks for the boat . wilson ( fruity ) I think they want they boat back . masterson give they the finger . masterson : fuck they ! taylor's pirogue Taylor be yell through cup hand at the cajun . taylor we will bring they back . youngblood they only speak french . the cajun stare ... silent ... ominous even at forty yard . both pirogue twenty yard from opposite bank . taylor can anybody speak french ? masterson sure . ( he yell ) voulez- vous fuck I ! taylor knock that shit off ! Taylor yell and point to the shore . ( continued ) - 4l . continued : saturday afternoon taylor we be bring they back ! the cajun watch they head farther across . taylor ( to cajun ) just drop they off . the pirogue - drifting side by side youngblood they do not understand . masterson Dumb coonass bastard . from no place , longbrake level he machine gun at the cajun and open fire . longbrake let they have it man ! take no prisoner ! the cajun dive for cover as the machine gun burst out . taylor longbrake ! you asshole ! some member of the squad think this be even funnier than when masterson take a shot at the supermarket . masterson snap off a shot , as do Wilson , Smith and atwater . Big laugh . taylor knock that shit off ! the cajun be no longer visible . ( continued ) 42 . continued : saturday afternoon taylor norman ! get you man off and get that damn boat back ! now ! norman right . push for that shoreline , Smith . the sound of a single rifle shot . youngblood what be that ? wilson God they shot he dead ! taylor shot straight through the head -- kill instantly . youngblood drop he pole leap back for Taylor . youngblood no ! the pirogue tip over from the shifting weight and youngblood 's lung motion . '' the men in the water they try to swim toward the near shore . wilson the radio and rifle on he back keep pull he down . he bob , slapping at the water , then go under . he 's fight to get free of the radio strap , and not win . 43 . saturday afternoon ° atwater in water see Wilson go under and try to save he . Wilson be panic , take atwater down with he . youngblood dog paddling reaches norman 's pirogue and try to climb on , tipping the pirogue over . calvelli surfacing see atwater and Wilson , and swim to help . atwater , wilson , calvelli one of the radio strap be free . Wilson be still fight . calvelli leave he alone . I get he . calvelli grab Wilson from behind the neck . he slide the other strap off Wilson 's shoulder and the radio sink . the squad staggering out of the bayou wet , scared , confuse , they stumble , ducking behind tree . norman hit it ! get down . master on take cover ! youngblood they shot he . they shot he ! longbrake lonnie ! over here . ( continued ) 44 . continued : saturday afternoon master on do you see they ? where be they ? longbrake the dirty son of bitch . there Pov - the opposite shore all be still . no cajun in sight . smith Jesus Christ , what 's happen ? youngblood be they still shoot ? where be they ? norman can not see they . smith where be they ? - norman keep down ! longbrake there 's atwater and they . norman Taylor . we have to get Taylor . masterson come on . keeping low , they dart along , wade into the bayou and fish Taylor out . atwater , wilson , calvelli cough up water , they collapse in the mud bank . ( continued ) 45 . continued : saturday afternoon longbrake atwater . over here . atwater , Wilson and calvelli run toward the rest of the squad and protective cover . CUT to : masterson - fifteen minute later m - 16 hold ready , darting through the underbrush along the bayou shore . he peer across the water toward the far bank . he Pov no movement , no - one in sight . masterson hesitates for a moment , then turn back toward the interior . dense underbrush away from the water Taylor 's corpse have be laid out ... the man kneel , gape at they dead squad leader . masterson trot up . masterson no sign of they . ' norman cover Taylor with a poncho , then start go through he personal effect . norman where the hell 's the map ? " atwater he be hold it , I remember . ( continued ) continued : 46 . saturday afternoon master on the compass be break . youngblood how would that happen ? masterson I must of hit it on the side of the boat . norman shit! youngblood ? what the hell you tip we over for ? youngblood I do not mean to . norman and where 's you weapon ? youngblood lose it . norman . look around . youngblood atwater , where 's yours ? atwater with Wilson 's . norman where 's that ? atwater in the water . norman well it 's go to cost you . you be go to pay for lose they you know . $ 253.50 . norman Wilson . where 's the radio ? ( continued ) continued : pause . 47 . saturday afternoon wilson ... with my rifle . norman Jesus . wilson how much that gonna cost I ? norman you be suppose to be in charge of it ! what the hell 's the matter with you ! wilson hey , man . kiss my ass . longbrake let 's go get that fucker . atwater sure . all we have to do be swim sixty yard and then find they back in that forest . norman we will follow through with we mission . that 's we responsi - bility . authority will be back here to deal with this bastard . wilson that guy be just fire a warning shot to scare we . smith they be do a hell of a job . masterson come on , let 's haul ass . ( continued ) continued : 48 . saturday afternoon calvelli you know something we do not . masterson we need some distance . instead of we go after they they might decide to come after we . longbrake shit . there 's only two of they . masterson lot more than that . and they be all related . longbrake what about Taylor ? ' masterson leave he . norman no . we will take he with we . he deserve that much . masterson I say we leave he . unless you want to carry he ... we can bury he here . norman he 's a american soldier . he 's get the bronze Star , purple heart , and Vietnam service medal . calvelli +.e so what ? the quick we get out of here , the quick they can come back for he . atwater make 's sense ... come on norman , let 's get move . norman God damn it we be not leave he here . ( continued ) continued : 49 . saturday afternoon master on who say . norman God damn it I get the stripe . I be in charge and I do not want to hear any more about it . CUT to : moving through the swamp the. man be soak ... sweat ... norman lead the way . the rear . Wilson and youngblood carry the poncho stick stretcher . masterson patrol the rear , alert for possible attack from smith think norman know where he 's go ? atwater eight to five against . youngblood let 's knock off that negative , crap . he know about the army , give he that much . calvelll what I want to know be do he know the way home ? : atwater longbrake you be one dumb son of a bitch , fire that machine gun . longbrake I ? what about you ! you shot at they ! masterson forget it . ( continued ) 50 . continued : saturday afternoon calvelli forget it , shit ! norman that 's right , longbrake . who give you the order to fire ? longbrake fuck you , norman . norman it 's not funny , asshole ! masterson call up from the rear . masterson hey , he be not the one that shot Taylor . calvelli no , all you guy have a hand in that one . they trudge by . CUT to : ext . campsite dusk fog move through the swamp in cloud-like patch . buzz insect sound . the man of bravo team sit shiver in they ponchos by a small fire . calvelli slap at he face . atwater God damn bug . norman they be just gnat . ( continued ) sl. continued : saturday evening smith man y'oughta look at they fucker under a microscope . they get tooth for mile . atwater I get they in my ear , up my nose and down my throat . wilson maybe if you would not talk so much they would not get in . norman Hell , merc 's wear short pants in rhodesia . think of that . atwater non-pluss at norman 's illogic . atwater we will keep that in mind . I will = tell you something else to think about . we get a dead man here , and we get to find we way out . . longbrake I be tell you after we get Taylor back to headquarters we should come back after this cajun cocksucker . smith you guy handle it . I have have enough shoot to last I a while ... calvelli look at masterson . calvelli you say this guy be cajun ? masterson yeah ...fuckin ' savage . Lay ( continued ) 52 . continued : saturday evening calvelli what be you talk about ? I go to some kind of cajun luau when I first get here ... atwater can not believe what he 's hearing . atwater cajun luau ? calvelli I do not know what it be call ... | it be some kind of party with ' crayfish and gumbo , all that shit . masterson jambalaya . calvelli whatever ... they do not look like any kind of savage to I . the toughest it get be accordion music . master on cajun in St. Charles or Lafayette be okay . the one still live back here be a whole other story . longbrake they be weird . youngblood cut loose in he most sonorous classroom tone . youngblood what he mean be they have maintain the traditional cajun culture . really they be magnificent anachronism . master on right . they even fuck they sister . even they grandmother . this be too much for longbrake . ( continued ) 53. continued : saturday evening longbrake bullshit . masterson I be not shittin ' you . swear to god. calvelli pause . what I want to know be will they fuck with we ? masterson goddamn right they will . calvelli why ? master on they do not like outsider comin ' in here . calvelli if you know all this , how come you steal the boat ? masterson Hell I be not afraid of them . calvelli terrific . wilson maybe it 's about time to divide up the bullet . norman what 's he say ? atwater masterson 's get live ammo . ( continued ) 54 . continued : saturday evening '' wilson in the truck , he be showin off a boxful of 5 - 56' . norman look at masterson . norman what 's this a military secret or something ? norman get up and stand before masterson . the rest watch . master on no fuck way . norman let I see you weapon . masterson just stay on back . . norman let I have the round , masterson . take another step . norman we will divide they up , equally . share they . masterson bull shit . the other have move in , close , but not too close . longbrake it be not right , lonnie . norman masterson , I be give you a direct order . give they to I . masterson point he m - 16 at norman . ( continued ) 55 . continued : saturday evening masterson you come one step closer norman , and I will . tense pause . longbrake Hell lonnie ! we be soldier together ! norman it 's a court martial offense . give I the ammo and we will drop the whole thing , or else I be turn you ass in . master on I do not give a shit what you do . from masterson 's side calvelli move in close , a flash -- then a switchblade appear at masterson ' throat . calvelli quit fuck around . give he the bullet . masterson slowly undoe he pocket . toss the box of shell to norman . calvelli put the rifle away . start to move off . masterson where do it go from here ? norman Court martial ? masterson yeah . norman we be all soldier together . atwater come up to calvelli . ( continued ) 56 . continued : saturday evening atwater that 's how they do this thing in the ivy League . calvelli villanova 's not ivy League ... and I have this a long time before I go there . atwater you just bring it along for luck . calvelli first time I ever spend a weekend with eight gun tote red-neck . atwater that 's right . if we do not carry gun we be carry rope ... r.c. colas and moon pie . not too smart but we sure have fun . & smile and walk away . CUT to : ext . campsite - later that night the man try to protect themselves from the bug . youngblood speak out to no one in particular . youngblood we should be in maximum con - cealment . what the enemy see , be what he take . wilson knock that enemy shit off . norman stride up from the other side of the clear . ( continued ) continued : saturday night norman look over at Wilson . 57 . norman I be gonna post guard ; two man , four hour shift . wilson start with I . do not feel like sleep anyway . norman longbrake , you take the other side . youngblood and masterson goon relief at 2300 ... norman move off . pause . norman keep the perimeter secure tight . wilson . yeah , yeah . | norman the password 's " werewolf " . get it ? | atwater } fassword ? what be you talk about ? atwater ... what do we do now ? calvelli nothing to do . atwater you play bridge by any chance ? calvelli Bridge ? ( continued ) 58. continued : saturday night '' atwater yeah . it 's a card game . calvelli I play . atwater really ... hey , norman , we get the one thing this outfit need . a fourth for bridge ... hey coach ! atwater take out a soggy deck from he pack . shuffle . smith and youngblood both man at the perimeter of the clear ; Smith light a joint ... youngblood how can you smoke that crap ? a smith ( take a big hit ) I be not on you team , coach . youngblood God damn right you be not . you could not . make the squad . that stuff kill the will to win . smith how would you boy do this year ? he know the answer . youngblood Three and seven . injury to key personnel . pause . youngblood what do you do for a live , anyway ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : saturday night smith I work in the welfare department . atwater shout across the clear to youngblood . atwater come on , youngblood . we get we a couple of pigeon . youngblood still look at Smith , question mark surround he face . youngblood Welfare department ? smith yeah . one day a week . hard work go down there and pick up my check . that line get awful long . . youngblood very funny . Ho , ho , ho . now Smith be really have a good time with youngblood . smith course I pick up a little cash pimping here and there but most of what I turn over come from sell dope to high school kid . a long look from youngblood . youngblood you be a laugh riot , Smith . it 's a good thing I do not believe you . he walk away and join the wait bridge game with atwater , calvelli and norman . 60 .. ext , campsite morning first light of day . the squad have pack up for the day 's march ; first they have form a loose circle . norman masterson , you hold point ... keep contact in file , do not start straggling . anybody get behind , start shouting , we will all hold up . atwater give he the wagonmaster bit . atwater yeah . forward ya . norman knock that off . okay . let 's go . as long as we stay North we will be okay . the squad head into the dense forest . CUT to : ext , narrow trall along the edge of the bayou . masterson move cautiously along , then stop ... he Pov eight dead rabbit hang from a tree limb alongside the trail . thin cord around each of they throat . each animal have be gut . the squad norman at the head of the column as the squad come up behind masterson . ( continued ) 61 . continued : sunday morning norman Jesus . longbrake what the hell 's that suppose to mean ? wilson to no one pause . do not mean nothing . some dude just drying he skin . longbrake funny way of stretch a skin . norman you sure this be not leave for we ? in particular . norman masterson ? master on I be not sure . but I know how I would bet . smith there 's eight of they . wilson so what ? calvelli there 's eight of we . atwater let 's keep go . norman right . we be not gonna do any good right here no matter why they be leave . ( continued ) 62 . continued : sunday morning he move off ; the squad slowly follow . CUT to : at a fork in the bayou morning the man be bitten up , eye bleary red . beard stubbley . here the bayou be narrower as it split . the air hot and muggy . the man try to determine which way they should go . norman what do you think ? master on fork to the right 's East . probably easier to get where we want move that way . they move off down the right fork ; atwater yell up at norman from ten pace back . atwater you want to be headin North . the interstate 's North . norman we be go to the interstate . atwater not if you go East . the interstate 's North . longbrake fuck you atwater . what the fuck you know ? atwater I know there 's a big fireball in the sky that usually rise in the East and we be walk right into it . ( continued ) = 63. continued : sunday morning master on you have to go East to go North , asshole . longbrake yeah , right . smith you want to run that by I one more time ? you get to go where to do which ? calvelli Jesus Christ . norman it 's my responsibility , atwater . we be go East to get North . atwater do what you want , zip . atwater move back to where Wilson and youngblood be carry the poncho stretcher . they all slosh off , follow norman . wilson staff command . they should be wonder about we , do not you think ? atwater no , not yet . wilson we have be out of contact for 12 hour . smith should be lookin ' for we by now . atwater no way . we be suppose to meet the truck twenty minute ago . in another hour and a half the truck ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . continued : sunday morning atwater ( cont would ) will show up . by two o'clock they will ask around if anyone 's see we . at three , they ' 11 start check the bar . by four they will really get piss . by five it will occur to some - body that maybe we get lose . by six the Captain will consider call battalion . at seven thirty he will . battalion will tell he it 's too late , there 's nothing they can do till morning ... that make you guy feel any better ? they move past . cut to : the SUN blaze through the foliage overhead . the squad - in file norman plod by follow by longbrake and masterson carry the stretcher . despite the fact it be only late morning , the day be already searingly hot . master on he 's get heavy . norman should not be too much longer . master on why do not we leave he and come back ? norman no . I tell you before . ( continued ) 65 . continued : sunday morning master on it 's two hundred degree ... this son of a bitch be start to blow up like a balloon . Taylor 's body become distend beneath the poncho . : norman do not be call Taylor that . masterson he can not hear I . norman I can ! and , I do not want you call he that . masterson shit , norman . the cocksucker 's ~ dead . I be just talk about the body . = norman God damn it , masterson ! I do not want you call he any of that shit ! twenty yard back Wilson , Smith , youngblood . smith man , somebody put out the sun . my head 's on fire . wilson take you damn helmet off . smith want I to get skin cancer too ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : sunday morning youngblood quit bellyach like a bunch of woman . my high school kid scrimage with full pad in weather hotter than this . longbrake hey , coach . youngblood yeah ? longbrake fuck. you . CUT to : ext . forest - hour later masterson run full speed through heavy undergrowth ; dodging among tree and bush , move to the water 's edge at a backwash feed along the bayou 's perimeter . his foot fall squishing loudly against the hum sound of insect and strident bird call . | finally the rest of the squad move into view ; norman in first position , atwater and calvelli next , then longbrake and Wilson . youngblood and Smith trail along , Taylor 's body stretcher between they . norman look up as masterson run to a full stop , then fight | to get he breath . : norman what the hell be it ? more deep breath . norman wha would you find ? masterson we get one up ahead . ( continued ) 67 . continued : sunday mid -day atwater what 's he talk about ? norman something up ahead . masterson we get one of they . curt to : through binoculars military glass with coordinate point line . a trapper be visible outside he shack on the bayou . he squat in the mud , mend he net . his shack be four wall sit up on stick . a pirogue be pull up on the bank . norman , that 's he . that 's the sonuva - bitch . longbrake let I look . norman where 's the other one ? master on Far as I can tell , he 's alone . the squad masterson sight the trapper in with he m - 16 ; norman push he barrel aside . norman no . we be gonna capture he . masterson what for ? I can get he from here . ( continued ) 68. continued : sunday mid -day norman this be the U.S. Army , not the vigilante . atwater look through the glass . atwater you sure that 's he ? hand the binocular to Wilson . wilson oh , man . no question about it . norman pull out the box of 5 - 56 's and start dispense the shell . calvelli why do not you try talk to he before you start blow he head off . norman masterson . Wilson . longbrake . remember the initial action must be decisive . surprise be the key . five bullet each . calvelli hey , you hear what I say ? norman I hear you ... we will talk to he after we have capture he . Rest of you be the rear element . stay 100 meter behind we and keep down . marry up when the objective be seal off . let 's move out . they fan out and start through the swamp . atwater and calvelli watch they go . ( continued ) 69 . continued : sunday mid -day | ©) calvelli you always get out of everything ? atwater I do not see you stickin you hand up to volunteer . calvelli four of they , with automatic rifle , against the one guy with a knife ... I make it even ] money . they start trail the man . smith and youngblood carry the stretcher , move after calvelli and atwater . cur to : es norman - in the swamp he look to he right , hand signal to longbrake and masterson to spread out and get down . norman drop to he stomach and crawl , cradling the rifle . the side of the shack be visible ... he fix he bayonet . masterson crawling up behind the shack the trapper have he back turn and sit frame by the support . the stilt support the shack be high enough for a man to walk under . longbrake crawl up on the other side . ( continued ) 70 . sunday mid -day wilson to he far right ; he m - 16 ready . the cajun trapper impossible to tell if this be one of the cajun man encoun - tere earlier ... mend he net . half he leave arm miss . he work the knife , sewing as he go ... bird in flight make he look , and turn . he jump up just as : the attack force come burst out at he from all side . . norman freeze ! the trapper stand , hold he knife , the riflemen come toward he . trapper quoi ? qui @t es vous ? norman easy now . we want to interrogate he . from all side they close in on the trapper ; he fall into the cajun patois . trapper quiest que vous voulez , hein ? masterson ( point with rifle ) Drop the knife . norman surrender . continued ) 71 . continued : sunday mid -day trapper je nlai rien fait . masterson move even closer ; eye threaten , he gesture with he m - 16 . masterson you son of a bitch , drop the God damn knife . the trapper realize what he be be ask to do , he drop the hunt knife . trapper qu'est que vous ... whack ! Wilson step in and slam he rifle butt against the trapper 's mouth , instantly drop he into the mud , longbrake Holy shit ! norman you break he jaw . wil on yeah . norman we want he to talk . masterson knocked he mouth clear down to he ass . norman how can he talk with a bust jaw ? wilson that 's he problem . longbrake eye the doorway to the shack . ( continued ) 72 . continued : sunday mid -day longbrake comeon , lonnie . let 's see what 's inside . longbrake and masterson move off toward the entrance to the trapper 's hovel . norman Jesus , Wilson . what the hell do you do that for ? wilson the son of a bitch . masterson and longbrake they climb the rope ladder , position themselves on the porch , right and leave of the door , rifle ready . with a nod , masterson kick the door and they move inside , ready for anything . near the net norman 's search the cajun , Wilson stand over the fall man ... norman where 's the rest of you bunch ? how many more be there ? trapper ma bouche . norman see atwater , calvelli , youngblood and Smith arrive through the tree . norman come on in , the area 's secure . they come over . all gaze down at the trapper . ( continued ) 73. continued : sunday mid -day norman we get we a prisoner . atwater do you have to cut he arm off too ? masterson come out on the shack porch , wave some pelt tie together . longbrake 's voice can be hear from inside the shack . longbrake all kind a shit in here . he step outside , next to masterson . norman allright , no looting . masterson what do you say to that , longbrake ? longbrake fuck you , norman . norman Guard the prisoner , Wilson . tie he up . and do not bust he again . norman take off for the shack . atwater , Smith and calvelli give Wilson a puzzle look . atwater you ? : wilson God damn right . smith why would you want to go and do that for ? wilson I do not know , I just get piss . ( continued ) 74 . continued : sunday mid -day smith damn , man . this army bullshit be get to you . int . shack norman walk in and find masterson and longbrake tear the place apart . it 's a wooden plank hut , seal with mud and thatched roof . wooden shelf , with can goods , bunson burner , and kerosene lamp . some animal trap . rag quilt on the floor over a swamp moss mattress . playboy centerfold on wall next to picture of Christ and crucifix . longbrake get drunk , norman . longbrake hand norman a jug ... he take a swig . norman yecch ! longbrake look at this knife I find . hold a huge hunt knife , suddenly a spotlight shine on both of they . masterson God damn , this boy 's a poacher . masterson hold two dry cell tape together with a big bulb . longbrake we poach the poacher . masterson he shine he last gator . longbrake he do not look big enough to night wrestle gator . ( continued ) | | | 75 . continued : : sunday mid -day masterson he be not . that 's what the light 's for . freezes ‘em . longbrake be pockete the can goods . longbrake turnip , corn , white bean , rice , hog head cheese ... masterson here 's a box of shell , half - full ... they start to leave . norman knive , gun , supplies ... I would say we conduct a pretty successful raid . n the squad as. norman , longbrake and masterson approach with all they goody . . norman Wilson , I tell you to tie the prisoner up . : wilson now how be I suppose to tie the man up when he only have but one hand to tie ? masterson tell. you how to do it . you tie it around he . fuckin neck and lynch the sonofabitch . atwater it 's a great old Southern tradition but maybe we ought to try talk to he first . ( continued ) 76 . continued : sunday mid -day pause . atwater who speak french ... youngblood ? youngblood yeah . wander off toward the hut ; pay no attention to they . calvelli I will give it a try . move to the trapper . atwater you : speak English ? the trapper shake he head . calvelli hier. quelq'un ... shit . I can not remember how to say ' shoot 's ... atwater how about bang bang ? ' calvelli hier quelq 'un . , .bang ( indicate shoot ) +.eun ami ... cajun j'ai fait rien . calvelli I think he 's say he do not do anything . it do not sound like any french I ever hear . the masterson what the fuck be this ? I see he . ( continued ) 77 . continued : sunday mid -day norman Christ , yes . atwater iwas there too . I could not swear to anything ... I can not even remember if the guy have one arm . youngblood while all this have be go on , he have walk over to the shack and begin climb the rope ladder . init . shack youngblood look around ... move off , kick a old paint can . the red paint inside be still good . he look at the ax and steel animal trap , find a glass jar and pick up the kero - sene lamp ... start pour the kerosene into the jar . the squad outside norman be reassert he authority . norman we will take this man back with we for interrogation at staff Command , then he will stand trial . atwater and calvelli look at each other . longbrake offer the jug of moonshine . longbrake anyone want some cajun whiskey ? smith about time one of you say something ' make sense . ( continued ) 78 . continued : sunday mid -day masterson get we high as a Georgia pine . Smith drink then pass it over . smith if you do not go blind . norman okay , listen up . everybody over to the rain barrel , fill you canteen . I want to put some mile between.us and here . we should make the interstate by this afternoon . inside the shack youngblood be enjoy a private joke , chuckle to himself . the paint can now open and brush in hand . he remove he shirt and calmly paint a red cross on he chest . CUT to : the squad at the water barrel longbrake and masterson be in a water fight , the rest be finish up as youngblood come down the ladder , calvelli be the first to see he and the molotov cocktail youngblood hold in he hand . calvelli oh fuck . youngblood ( laugh ) and the mark of cain shall stain they forever . youngblood be down the ladder , and the entire squad can now see he as he light the rag fuse . ( continued ) 79 . continued : : sunday mid -day norman hit it ! they run for cover ... dive for the ground . youngblood slowly walk away from the shack , the fuse burn ... then | turn ' - and throw the jar at the shack . i youngblood Fire one ! the explosion as . the shack get blow away . brilliant orange flame rocket upward as everything erupt in fire , send splinter of burn wood fly into the bayou ... debris and flame fill the air . youngblood walk calmly to where the rest of the squad have dive for cover . he stop , look at they ... youngblood that will teach they to fuck with we . '' smith yeah . right . can not argue with that . atwater what the hell do you paint the cross on you chest for , youngblood ? youngblood just part of the joke . he laugh . '' 80 . sunday mid -day the trapper silently look at the ruin of he cabin . calvelli hitches up he rifle . calvelli let 's get go , norman . he start off . cur to : ext . forest afternoon norman lead the squad slowly forward ; masterson not on point but simply hold ' position alongside the teamleader . norman he sure demolition that shack . blew it clear to kingdom come .. masterson yeah . only problem be that it might . have be a signal for this cocksucker 's relative to gather round . norman you really think we still get to worry about that bastard ? masterson shit , yes . but I will tell you who ought to worry about they a lot more than I and you . _. wilson you do not have to tell I . ( continued ) i continued : longbrake 81 . sunday afternoon masterson . they think you guy be bad luck . smith they might be right . I be hang out with nigger my whole life . I have not get a break yet . be run out of patience . '' longbrake any chance we be ever go to get out of here ? norman God damn right . I figure two hour top before we hit the- interstate . atwater yeah . either two hour from the interstate or New York by Friday . CUT to : deep forest ~ hour later the squad come move forward . longbrake God damn it , norman , where 's the highway ? it 's be three fuck hour . norman it 's right around here , close by . atwater yeah , right , norman . . it use to run right through here . |. that ecology boy must have move it . ( continued ) 82. continued : sunday afternoon , cg ) norman . fuck you , atwater . atwater call ahead to longbrake , twenty yard to the front . . atwater hey longbrake , you get anything to say to norman ? longbrake fuck you , norman . atwater thanks , longbrake . the squad approaching the iron jaw of six steel trap be just visible above the crude cover of twig and moss . the guardsman move right for they , unaware . norman be head straight into one , unsee . ) : ( = longbrake hey ! he grab norman . norman what ? longbrake look what ya almost step in ! norman Jesus Christ ! they gaze at the open jaw . ' norman some. kind of fuckin bear trap . longbrake lookit this bastard . : ss " ( cont inued ) @ 83. continued : sunday afternoon atwater , calvelli , Wilson and Smith move up . masterson eight of they , all laid out . norman just like the rabbit . longbrake they be set for we ? wilson shit , yes . atwater either we or the last eight bear in the state of Louisiana . masterson release one by ' shove a stick into the the trap snap shut , it 's jaw clang out , bite . _ masterson just like a steel pussy . smith really ? what kind of girl you be hang out with ? norman good thing you spot they , longbrake . longbrake do not mention it . anytime you need help , norman . open . calvelli . look at the cajun , point to the steel trap . calvelli q'est que c'est ? no response . ( continued ) 84 . continued : sunday afternoon masterson what do you ask he ? calvelli what they be do here ... masterson grab the trapper and start squeezing he break jaw . masterson okay you sonuvabitch . still no response . masterson be there any more ? huh ? I be . talk to you . longbrake he be not gonna tell you shit . you know that lonnie . masterson release the trapper . norman okay . they do not get we and they be not gonna , we waste enough time . let 's saddle up ; the interstate be not far . longbrake again move to point . Smith flank the right side of the group ; move along the trail 's edge ... norman do not make any unnecessary noise . no talk in formation . he. take six step when , from out of nowhere , a wooden stake rip deep into Smith 's mid-section . smith he face freeze in death , eye stare at the object stick ( continued ) 85 . continued : sunday afternoon in he chest . the stake be fastened to a branch and keep he stand upright , until he dead weight finally break free . the squad unable to move , they only stare in horror and silence . , . finally : norman : Jesus Christ . calvelli move over the dead body to examine the weapon . the stake be finely hand hone and tie to a branch , along with another point spear , several foot away . calvelli slap the second bent branch with he rifle , release another stake which snap into place a few foot from he stake . aad calvelli this fucker be after we . they really be . the rest of the squad stare at Smith 's body . CUT to : ext . deep forest within a small clear . the squad stand in prayer before two grave . crude wet -wooden branch cross . masterson stand guard with the prisoner and act as sentry ... Young - blood be speak in a low , deep tone . youngblood qur Father who art in Heaven , hallow be thy name . thy Kingdom come , thy will be do , on Earth as it be in Heaven . give we this day we daily bread , and forgive we we trespasp , as we. forgive that who trespass against we . lead we not into temptation , but deliver we from evil . for thine be the Kingdom ... ( continued ) 86 . continued : sunday afternoon Long pause . youngblood for thine be the Kingdom ... for thine be the Kingdom ... Long pause , youngblood continue stare straight ahead . nervous look from the rest of the squad as they turn they attention from the two shallow grave to the hulk Young - blood -- he continue to stare abstractly at he foot . atwater for thine be the Kingdom , and the power , and the glory forever . amen . . youngblood raise he look to the grave . youngblood we give this prayer as dead man ask for we own salvation . norman step into the center of the clear , stand before the entire squad . norman bullshit . I do not want to hear that kind of talk ... we be at war . that 's all there be to it , sol want you look like soldier not mail man . weapon carry at ready ... we have get three hour of daylight leave and we be headin' North ... let 's move . he turn and move across the clear ; the squad look at one another momentarily and then begin to follow . CUT to : large clearing dusk the squad appear , slowly trudging forward . norman hold they up in the center of the open space . ( continued ) continued : 87 . sunday evening norman this be it . we will bivouac here . clear this big will make it tought for that bastard to sneak up on we . youngblood sit down on a log then look continuously at the ground before he foot . atwater yeah . right . now let 's get a few thing straight , norman . tomorrow morning helicopter will be out look for we . damn good chance they will find we if we stay in clear ground . so what we have to worry about until then be the cajun ... norman : we do not know the enemy 's dispo - sition or he strength . he may have the advantage of familiar terrain , but we have the advan - tage of military training . remember the 5 D 's . detect , deny , deceive , defend , and destroy . atwater great speech , norman . but I want to make we odd a little better . calvelli what be you go for ? atwater point at the trapper , still be cover by masterson . atwater maybe they want he back . maybe that 's all they want . let 's take the chance and let he go . ( continued ) 88 . continued : sunday evening norman bullshit . he kill Taylor . the only place he 's go be with we . wilson they be fixin ' to kill we all . masterson you get it . norman gag and blindfold the prisoner , Wilson . atwater norman , you be a dumb asshole , norman step forward and slam atwater in the face with he right fist . youngblood still sit on the log , stare downward . norman ' speak very calmly to the now flush - face atwater . norman I do not want any more talk like that . atwater yeah , right . you get the stripe , Chief . norman God damn right I do . he look over at longbrake . ( continued ) 89 . continued : sunday evening norman the joke be over . then at the squad . norman tomorrow morning we be head North with the prisoner . the man that kill Crawford Taylor , the man whose buddy . kill tyrone Smith ... in case you forget atwater , they be . friend of ours . Long pause . norman now let 's get unpack and bedd down , I will post security . no fire tonight . the squad drop they pack , begin undoing they . calvelli look at atwater as he rub the spot alongside he chin where norman hit he . he move closer ; atwater unsnap the button on he back - pack ... calvelli you might be right about the cajun . atwater look up at he . atwater why the hell do not you say something ? calvelli I do not know ... I just can not believe any of this . ( continued ) 90 . continued : sunday evening atwater let I know when you start . youngblood still sit on the log . CUT to : ext . campsite night moonlight be now the only source of illumination . the trapper tie to a tree near the edge of the clear . a sock stuff into he mouth and hold in place with friction tape . his eye turn and follow longbrake move across in front of he , approach norman who be busy work while seat on a canvas groundcloth . longbrake stop to watch norman put small rock into a empty can of peas take from the shack . longbrake I get something to tell you , norman ... hey what 's that for ? norman fragmentation ... remember you training . you should not of be sleep in the survival class . longbrake yeah . I musta miss that one . ( continued ) 91 . continued : sunday night '' norman a : S , size up the situation . understand what you be up against . R , remember where you be . V , value live . 1 , what 's I ? longbrake I do not remember . norman improvise . even blank round can save you life . he pour the gunpowder of a shell into the can . longbrake atwater tell I to come over and talk to you . norman what 's he want ? ' 's longbrake 's it 's youngblood . there 's something wrong with he . he will not talk . atwater say he 's go crazy . you better come on over ... I think atwater 's right . CUT to : norman - minute later now stand near the comatose youngblood ; the rest of the squad behind , look over he shoulder . norman youngblood , look , we all have have a rough time and I can understand if you be not feel too good ... why do not you just talk to we about it . ( continued ) continued : 92 , sunday night no response . norman come on , youngblood . no response . norman I be give you a order , youngblood . now God damn it talk to we . no response . norman turn to the rest of the squad . shrug . norman I do not know . wilson I do . the motherfucker 's crazy . longbrake what be we go to do with he ? norman leave he there . maybe he will feel better in the morning . atwater bullshit ! you be go to tie he - ass up , norman . this be the guy that make he own bomb , remember ? I do not want he walk around here tonight , while we be sleep . the entire squad now stare at norman . calvelli he 's right . longbrake he be , norman . ( continued ) '' continued : sunday night norman look over at masterson . masterson wo not hurt any to tie he up . norman if he 's tie up we lose potential firepower . 4 atwater . Jesus Christ , get a God damn rope and quit jerk off about firepower . . norman remember what happen the last time you shot you mouth off to I , atwater . calvelli come on , norman . he 's right . he 's pause . turn and the squad way too big and dangerous . norman okay , Wilson , there 's forty foot of rope in my pack . go get it . walk away . CUT to : sleep ing night heavy rain be fall . calvelli on sentry pull he pause . ane , 93. duty at the far side of the clear . he stand , listen ... thinks he hear something ... sit back down and poncho over he head , ( continued ) 94 . continued : sunday night then again he stand ; listen and look ... he can see the rest of the squad sleep ; the dark forest surround all ... a twig crack in the bush ... after a moment calvelli start to move quietly ; not waking any of the other . calvelli now travel through the underbrush to the edge of the bayou where he see : masterson hold the trapper 's head under water . the cajun be on he stomach , a rope tie : he arm behind he back -- master - son let he head up momentarily then push it back into the muddy water . the trapper go under , spitting bubbles . calvelli what the hell you do ? master on this man 's go to talk to I . calvelli let he up . masterson you stay out of it . keeps hold he head under . pause . calvelli God damn it let he up ! master on sure . masterson yank the trapper 's héad out of the water , pull he up by the hair . the trapper surface , lung burst for air . master on now you happy ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : sunday night masterson shove the trapper back in . in a flash , calvelli 's right hand slashes out - the switch - blade cut along masterson 's poncho ... a warning slash . masterson that 's the second time you pull that on I . masterson take out he bayonet . the long blade glisten in the night rain . . calvelli back away . masterson keep come . slash ... slash . calvelli have no choice . the two man circle . calvelli okay , you get it . masterson lunge for the gut . calvelli take the feint and lean back as masterson continue the thrust upwards , barely rake calvelli from jaw to cheek . a fine line of blood seep out of the razore cut . masterson smile . they circle each other , feint for a open ; masterson 's bayonet cut circle through the fall rain . calvelli 's leave hand grab masterson 's right wrist in mid air , pull it sideways , pitching masterson off balance . calvelli pounce , the two man go down , each hold the other 's knife wrist . rolling in the mud once , twice . on the third roll the flash of the cajun trapper come to he foot break calvelli 's concentration . for a moment , they eyeball lock . ( continued ) 96 . continued : sunday night trapper kill he . they roll over again . calvelli on top , on bottom , on top again . lose the switchblade . his leverage have masterson 's wrist bent backwards , force the bayonet from masterson 's grip . they roll over and come apart . each man up quickly , each dive for the blade lose in the mud . calvelli now have the bayonet . masterson now have the switch - blade . masterson lunge . catch calvelli off guard . calvelli throw he leave arm up to block the stab . the switchblade plunge into the lower flesh of calvelli 's bicep and stick ... calvelli 's knife hand lash up , miss , but he knuckle catch masterson flush on the jaw , a solid right hook . masterson stumble backwards , leave the switchblade stick in calvelli 's arm . across the way norman , atwater , Wilson come run up through the under - brush . stop and stare at the two struggle man . calvelli leap on top of masterson ; they both go down hard ... masterson on he back ; calvelli on top of he . calvelli 's leave wrist be press tight under masterson 's jaw , pin he , gag he . calvelli 's shaking right hand hold the bayonet shoulder high ... masterson be totally vul - nerable , he empty arm stretch out in surrender ... totally at calvelli 's mercy . calvelli bring the bayonet up higher . ( continued ) 97 . continued : sunday night trapper's voice kill he . hesitates . Higher . hesitates . then plunge it deep into masterson 's heart . the sound of laughter . calvelli keep lean on the bayonet ... all he weight ... then slowly come back up , stare at the dead man beneath he . he can not believe what he 's do . can not believe it . but it 's there . stare up at he . he do this . with he own hand . calvelli get to he foot . see the shocked face of atwater , norman and Wilson ; dis - cover for the first time that they have be watch . pause . Wilson walk over to masterson 's body ; look at he unblink eye . wilson he 's dead . masterson 's dead . pause. , atwater you prisoner get away , norman . pause . norman what be you do fight each other ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : sunday night norman stand there , unable to comprehend . norman Jesus . we be not suppose to fight each other . longbrake arrive , crash through the vegetation -- he see masterson 's body stretch before he . longbrake lonnie ! he rush over . look at calvelli still hold the bayonet . longbrake you mother fucker ! Springs at he but be catch and hold back by Wilson and norman . longbrake wrestle against they grasp -- fight to get at calvelli who stand calmly look at he , hand at he side . e longbrake let I get he , God damn it , let I get he . atwater keep look straight at calvelli . dissolve : youngblood bound by heavy rope , stand erect , almost at attention . his eye remain cloud over , unsee . the clearing night twenty yard beyond youngblood a few hour after masterson 's ( continued ) 99 . continued : sunday night death . the rain continue to pour down . atwater and Wilson be digging a grave with they short infantry shovel . close by longbrake squatting down by masterson 's poncho cover body . watch as the grave expands with each bite of the spade ... his steel helmet shine in the downpour . at the log calvelli seat ; calmly , emotionlessly watch the grave digging . norman cross behind he and approach atwater and Wilson . wilson how many grave we gonna be leavin back here ? norman arrive in time to hear this last remark . norman no more of ours , I can tell you that . wilson yeah . you can tell I that . calvelli stand , call over to the gravesite . calvelli be quiet . wilson you talkin to I ? . calvelli I be talk to everybody . ( continued ) 100 . continued : sunday night norman turn away from calvelli , unable to face he ; Wilson and atwater continue shoveling . CUT to : monday morning the clearing dawn the squad huddle together in the pour rain ; forty yard beyond they be masterson 's freshly dig grave mark with a wooden branch cross , steel helmet on the cross strut . the guardsman be all shiver inside they ponchos ; they pack in place ready to march ... atwater hold the end of the rope that bind youngblood . norman we have three casualty , we be not gonna have any more . survival be a mental outlook . shock and fear can be overcome by a sense of responsibility ; loyalty to country and military duty ... desire to return to home and family . if you be not prepare mentally to overcome all obstacle and hardship , the chance of come out alive be greatly reduce . atwater get wet listen to all this , norman . norman God damn you atwater . I be try to do my best . it be not easy . atwater I know you be , norman . norman you figure you can do any better ? ( continued ) continued : pause . longbrake 101 . monday morning atwater yeah . norman I be the team leader ! you be not even a e-5 . you be ... you be only a e-4 ! atwater Big deal . wilson I be with you . sorry , norman . norman . the rest of you guy feel that way ? atwater longbrake ? longbrake norman , you promise that this asshole 's gonna be court mar - tial . norman he 's get to be . he kill a fellow soldier . look across at atwater , shrug . longbrake change horse in midstream never do make much sense . atwater calvelli ? calvelli what 's this voting bullshit ? you know the way ? ( continued ) 102 . continued : monday morning @® atwater yeah . I can find it , if it ever stop raining . calvelli then let 's go . atwater come on youngblood , let 's go home . atwater tug on youngblood 's rope , start lead he away . norman wait a minute atwater . you can not just march off . we be a squad . a unit ... longbrake fuck he . let he go . norman it 's desertion . 's calvelli right . atwater and calvelli and Wilson start off . the other two watch . atwater stop . atwater you come ? norman move toward atwater . then longbrake . | atwater 's tone to norman be soft , gentle . atwater you be still in charge , norman . I be just the guide . they trudge away at a angle to the rise sun . CUT to : 103 . monday morning ext . swamp early morning more heavy rain . the man be soak , shaking , filthy , hungry , tense . the surround vegetation be impenetrable , allow little sunlight to filter through ; moss hang from ' the tree like bearded column . atwater and calvelli lead the way . behind youngblood , quietly accept he leash condition , be norman , then longbrake -- Wilson trail . atwater Arm okay ? calvelli yeah , it 's okay . pause . atwater want to talk about masterson ? look , I know he be a real son of a bitch . calvelll I do not want to talk about he . atwater it be self - defense . pause . atwater piss I off , that other guy gettin we whore while we be out here . calvelli do I a favor . shut up . they move forward in silence . 104 . monday morning wilson still trail the rest of the squad . Bird call , branch and twig snap underfoot , then another sound . twang . ' twang . twang . twang . Wilson stop , pull he m - 16 to the ready position . wilson hey . the other ahead stop ... listen . twang , twang , twang . a Jew 's harp , not far off . Wilson suddenly wheel and fire into the swamp . the rest of the squad drop . and move to cover , sighting along they m - 16' . all be still ... quiet ... twang . twang . twang . norman Wilson ? wilson I think I see something . norman where ? wilson over there . norman you sure ? wilson you hear it . norman nothing now . ( continued ) 105 . continued : monday morning carefully , they get up and continue walk along the edge of the bayou . twang . twang . twang . wilson motherfucker ! he snap . start to run off through the brush , fire he m - 16 . twang . blast . twang . blast . Wilson continue run , chase the sound ... stop , he face twist into a agonize mask ... he try to scream , mouth open , nothing come out . when the cry finally burst out it be a deafen cry of shock and terror . along the edge of the bayou in front of he a scarecrow loom ... the scarecrow Smith 's black skin stretch out on the two cross pole ; Taylor 's white head sit at the top of the pole where Smith 's neck end . wilson as the rest of the squad come pound up behind he ... atwater Holy . Christ . longbrake they dig ‘em up . norman Jesus . jesus. Jesus . youngblood his eye take in the scarecrow . ( continued ) continued : youngblood I pray the Lord my soul I pray the Lord my soul I pray the Lord my soul twang , twang , twang . ext . forest hot , muggy . the squad move in file ; atwater hold to the edge of the bayou . atwater . wilson atwater , you still want write I up a policy ? atwater do not have my form with I . wilson that be not funny . atwater 106 . monday morning to take . to take . to take ... CUT to : high noon lead the way -- still Wilson pull alongside to nobody ever want insurance till they need it ... look cleotis , right now there 's state trooper , heli - copter , hound dog , everybody in Louisiana 's out look for we ... wilson they better make it quick . atwater I want you to remember this tomorrow when I make you sign . a few more pace ; norman call out from twenty yard back . ( continued ) 107 . continued : monday mid -day norman atwater . hold up . we will take two minute rest . the squad pull up ... seat themselves , remove they helmet -- youngblood remain stand , almost like a huge fleshy robot at rest . calvelli light a cigarette ... he last . he crush up the package , toss it away ... look across at atwater who be clean he glass on he shirtfront . calvelli rise , move to atwater ... loom over he . calvelli get up . atwater what ? calvelli get up . I want to talk to you . atwater yeah ? calvelli away from the rest of they . atwater stand , he and calvelli move away from the other . atwater turn back to calvelli , curious about the moment . atwater okay . pause . calvelli I want to know what the fuck 's go on . atwater I do not get you . ( continued ) continued : pause . pause . of 108 . monday mid -day calvelli I will make it real simple ... I be down here two week and get send out with a bunch of redneck and two spade , all of a sudden guy start come out of the tree and kill we ... now I will ask you again . what the fuck 's go on ? what do they want ? calvelli I want to know what the rule be . atwater I figure you know better than I . you be the one that bring the knife . and you be the one that use it ... atwater I will tell you something . I 'ma city boy , bear and raise in baton rouge , and go to vanderbilt , sell insurance for my father 's company and do not work too hard ... you want to know what 's go on back here ? I have not get the slight fuck idea . God damn cajun be weird and they be kill we ... calvelli shrug . calvelli right back where I grow up . atwater that 's what I think . I be depend on you . _ ( continued ) 109 . continued : monday mid-day calvelli when you go into somebody 's territory ... atwater yeah . calvelli they want to kill you . turn and walk back toward the other . CUT to : edge of the bayou : afternoon the squad move along in silence , all of they save youngblood be apprehensive . as they pass , back turn ... something move along the bank of the bayou ... the mud rise in a heap , drip ... from the slime a form emerge ... a cajun mudman all mire and hair , a troglodyte in appearance ... he aim he | rifle at the squad 's back , smile and fire . the squad as the swamp explode with gun fire . norman ambush ! sniper ! they dive for cover . gunfire come at they from all over . Front , rear , side . the squad shoot back blindly , spraying everything ... youngblood alone stand . atwater roll back for the abandon rope end ... grab , tug it and bring youngblood down . atwater youngblood ! for Christ 's sake ! 110 . monday afternoon norman and wilson from behind the stump of a dead cottonwood . norman they get we flanke . we be pin down . wilson motherfucker ! norman fire twice then be out of ammo ... norman cover I ! wilson with what ? all I get be blank . norman 's contact with reality be now problematical . norman no radio contact or ammo or air support , mortar . we get nothing . how we suppose to fight on that ? wilson do not ask I . you be the one suppose to know . . norman Fire the God damn blank ... Wilson open up , norman break for it . norman he crawl thirty yard , dodge , run ...his m - 16 leave behind with Wilson . a burst of rifle fire and he dart in that direction ... dive for cover behind a huge cypress and sit panting for a moment . mudman appear thirty yard before he , fire ... but have no idea of norman 's new position -- ( continued ) 111 . continued : monday afternoon norman reach into he pocket and pill out the can he load with gunpowder and pebble . the can be bound tight with vine and a rag fuse be stuff in the top . shake , norman fumble for a match , and light the rag . it ignites . he hold the grenade , peek out from behind the tree , stand and throw the grenade at the mudman ... a perfect toss . mudman as the grenade hit and extinguish itself . nothing . no explosion . mudman turn , see norman , and fire . norman running like hell , bullet kick all around he ... the squad norman tear . past they ... norman pull back ! retreat ! they move away to the continue shot of the cajun . sweating , panting , the man trip and stumble over vine and root , sloshing in mud . branch slash at they face ... longbrake I can not go no more . atwater come on , longbrake . they pound forward , regroup , hurry on . wilson they after we ? norman keep go . ( continued ) 112 . continued : monday afternoon more run forward , tree , limb , underbrush , mud ... but no more rifle fire . norman pull they up . atwater be panting , fight for oxygen . atwater no . calvelli I do not hear anything . wilson yeah , I hear it now . norman frantically start digging through he pocket . atwater helicopter ! norman my mirror . where 's my mirror ! through the mist , skirt along the treetop , the heli - copter , come right at they . the man start wave , jump , shouting . norman be flash he mirror ... the chopper pass right over they head ... and be go . the man of the lst squad stand in disbelief . longbrake start walk off , after the helicopter . longbrake qver here , over here . - norman slowly start to put away he mirror , then decide to first clean its surface on he poncho . norman I do not see how he miss we . wilson I could see he face . norman why do not he see my signal ? ( continued ) 113 . continued : monday afternoon atwater not enough sun . wilson hey ? where 's longbrake ? norman I do not know . atwater he be here a minute ago . longbrake now run through the swamp after the vanish helicopter . he try to move faster ...faster ...faster ... oblivious to the brush and moss . clearing shallow water and mud . longbrake come burst through the so surround vegetation and begin splash through the open in the forest -- he face turn upward , still vainly look for the chopper . then he slow down . slower . slower . full stop . | begins to sink . quicksand . cur to : the squad norman yell ... norman longbrake ! longbrake ! ( continued ) @ 114 . continued : monday afternoon look back at the other . norman spread out . we have to find he ... buddy team , you and I , Wilson . first team to find he fire a blank every five minute . other team will work its way there . calvelli what if we do not find he ? norman wait a hour , fire five blank and then one every five minute . both team will work back to each other . norman and Wilson start out ; atwater look at calvelli , shrug . atwater come on , youngblood . jerk the rope . CUT to : longbrake - up to he chest he see something ... reach out .. plead to be save ... a cajun boy ten or eleven year old , sit at the edge of the bog ; fascinate , he watch longbrake sink ... laugh at he . CUT to : atwater and calvelli lead youngblood through the swamp . ( continued ) 115 . continued : monday afternoon atwater longbrake ! longbrake ! you dumb red - neck where be you ! longbrake ! cur to : wilson and norman they move , cautiously look ... then leap backward , startle as a cajun with a huge black beard appear before they , mudman behind they ... off to one side a third cajun with a Hawk -like face . blackbeard step forward , hold a razor - edge bowie knife ... cur to : longbrake up to he neck ... the cajun boy watch longbrake slowly disappear . mouth , nose , eye , forehead . a few gurgle bubbles and the swamp be once again still ... the Boy move off into the dense foliage and vanish . atwater 's voice can be hear faintly in the distance . atwater longbrake ! CUT to : wilson and norman norman leap toward Hawk -face , swing he rifle by the barrel and pole - axe the big man . killing he instantly . another cajun appear at he side , norman bayonet he mid-section . norman take off ! Wilson start run across the clear . norman reach for Hawk -face 's rifle ... and be bring down by mudman 's ( continued ) o 116 . continued : monday afternoon bullet , straight through the back and heart . wilson run through the swamp . never look back , he dodge and dart , cut and weaving through the tower fern ... eye and lung on fire , he stagger through the thicket and mud ... double over , hold he side , breathe like a loco - motive . he splashes he face from a pool of swamp water , rinsing and spitting , then force himself on ... running again ... then trip , recover , scramble now on all four , knee not touch the earth ... he pitch forward _and drop exhaust , shaking , afraid to move . blackbeard and mudman come at Wilson , he slide back , away , as they move silently closer . Wilson be on he foot now , back to a tree , cornere . he scream and lunge at the cajun , swinging he m - 16 like a ball bat . cur to : ext . swamp late afternoon sun ; atwater , calvelli and youngblood . atwater fire five blank . they wait . and wait . and wait . calvelli the only thing we be do be tell the cajun where we be . atwater they have not have too much trouble find we up to now . youngblood it 's just part of the joke . ( continued ) 117 . continued : monday afternoon which make no sense , but he be quite mad . atwater wilson ! pause , he shout again . atwater norman ! calvelli let 's go . they move up a steep embankment , cross through a ridge of fern and begin a descent toward a new series of bayous and interlock waterway . the maze of brackish water and dense foliage stretch before they like a vast crossword puzzle ... beyond lie a forest of dead tree , leafless branch point upward , almost in surrender . calvelli Jesus . atwater no fuck way out . pause . atwater where the fuck be the helicopter ? where the fuck be we ? calvelli I think you be the one that know . atwater I know where we be go . I just do not know where we be . calvelli yeah ... we better find something to eat . CUT to : 118 . monday afternoon ext . mud bank along the edge of the murky water . the three man trudge forward . youngblood trail , still be lead by atwater hold the short throw of rope . atwater wait . calvelli stop ; atwater point to a large nest - like conglom - eration of mud and branch . atwater there 's food . calvelli what ? atwater go to the dark mound , kick it , wait , then warily kick it again . suddenly a explosion of mud and water as a small alligator thunder out of its nest and into the reed beyond ... atwater watch it go then reach inside the nest and hand calvelli a large , leathery egg . he reach back inside and pull out two more , give one to youngblood . atwater stand hold one in he hand . atwater protein . atwater smile . start to bite , then wait for calvelli , who top he and suck it down . atwater look at he . atwater I do not think so . calvelli come on , before it hatches . atwater you like yours so much , you can have mine . ( continued ) 119 . continued : monday afternoon calvelli eat it . you be go to need all the strength you can get ... I do not want you fall down on I . atwater downs he . atwater Chow time , coach . go to untie you . atwater begin to loosen youngblood 's rope . cur to : walking down a SMALL bayou late : afternoon the three man now close to the limit of endurance . they move slowly along the deep bank , water cover with green pad . youngblood remain untied . CUT to : ext . mud bank evening atwater and calvelli dig at the steep wall with they bayonet , make natural depression wider . they claw at the dirt , pass it out in the steel pot . youngblood stand watch the man carve out shelter for the evening . later the three of they lie on they side . a small fire be boil water in one of the steel helmet . atwater tomorrow this time you will be sit in you de with a beer and the tee vee , listen to you old lady 's bullshit . pause . ( continued ) 120 . continued : monday evening calvelli yeah . calvelli start clean he wound . calvelli full of dirt . ~ atwater infect ? calvelli probably . atwater let I help you with that . atwater wrap up calvelli 's arm . calvelli some nurse . atwater yeah , but I be easy . pause . calvelli terrific state you get here , atwater . they send out two helicopter . : atwater what do you want they to do send out the National Guard ? CUT to : ext . bayou dawn Sun start to filter through the cover fog . atwater sleep heavily , exhaust ... calvelli in a sentry position ... fatigue have take its toll with he as well -- he sleep ( continued ) 121 . continued : tuesday morning fitfully ... youngblood nowhere to be see . the ground begin to shake , a roaring noise ... calvelli awaken as the sound and shaking increase ... then suddenly from fifty yard away a train whistle blast ... from out of nowhere a locomotive and flatcar roar by at seventy mile a hour . the railroad embankment obscure from calvelli 's vision by the dense foliage . atwater leap to calvelli 's side . they both run toward the embankment , shouting to each other above the roar . atwater where the fuck do this come from ? calvelli I do not know but I love it . Big smile on both man 's face ; they slap five . after a few moment , the end of the train whip by ... atwater and calvelli maintain they smile ... atwater never be so glad ... the eye of both man tighten . the other side of the track youngblood 's body hang from the limb of a cypress tree ; the rope that atwater bound he with now form a hangman 's noose . atwater and calvelli slowly approach the corpse . calvelli poor son of a bitch . ( continued ) 122 . continued : tuesday morning atwater do he do it himself or do they help he ? calvelli shrug . calvelli do not make any difference now . dissolve to ext . trackside mid -day two figure against the horizon line trudging slowly forward . thick foliage to they leave , a long low reach of bayou to the right . in the distance across the stretch of water a small movement ... , calvelli over there . atwater look . atwater what be it ? both man stare . calvelli a truck . Fucking truck . he start run ... atwater lope after he , toss he rifle aside ... the truck almost look as if it 's float on the water ... they move closer ... the horizon line change with they progress -- crush - shell road reveal on the far side of the bayou . as the truck move toward the railroad crossing calvelli start run faster , scream ... ( continued ) 123 . continued : tuesday mid -day calvelli hey ! wait ! the truck | have make a full stop at the crossing . the vehicle be a flat - bed , old , delapidate , rusty ... a elderly cajun couple in the front seat . calvelli run up , atwater a few pace behind . calvelli wait ...uh hello ... the elderly man smile nervously back at the two dishevel soldier . the woman do not smile at all . a very long pause . atwater and calvelli so move by they first contact with civilization that word be difficult ... atwater notice the reluctance of the couple . ress . atwater they be scared . calvelli what ? atwater you gun . the way we look . calvelli set he m - 16 down . calvelli no bullet anyway . smile at the elderly cajun man and woman . man you want lift ? atwater yes . oh God yes , do we ever . ( continued ) 124 . continued : tuesday mid -day both cajun laugh . man you get in back . calvelli sure .. next town . right ? man sure . sure . the elderly man 's grasp on English be limited ; a problem of little matter to atwater and calvelli , they hop on the flat - bed of the pick -up ... the batter vehicle pull off . CUT to : ext . road the flat - bed pick - up chugge along , atwater and calvelli stretch out in back . the truck turn down a narrow lane . atwater and . calvelli watch the marsh country slip by on either side of they . cajun how far ? atwater you be ask I ? the flat - bed move into a clear ... many car and truck park nearby ; camper , hay wagon ... calvelli what the hell ? ext , clearing next to a huge bayou two hundred or so cajun ; man , woman , child , and assort animal , have gather next to a huge bayou for what be ( continued ) 125 . continued : tuesday mid -day know to the local as a shivaree . Music , dance , gumbo , crayfish , jambalaya , alcohol make for a generally festive atmosphere . flat bed truck the truck bear atwater and calvelli roll into the clear . atwater and calvelli hear the music look over the truck to see what 's go on . the sight of two hundred cajun even at play be not reassure . calvelli what the hell : be this ? atwater I think it 's one of that cajun luau 's you be talk about . calvelli what happen to the town they be take we to ? atwater shrug . the truck have now stop in what be currently pass for the parking area . atwater and calvelli jump down off the truck to confront the couple get out of the truck . calvelli where 's the town ? we want to go to town . man . . eat first . go nown later . calvelli no . we want to go to town now . man first , eat . have good time . ( continued ) 126 . continued : tuesday mid -day woman shivaree . you have good time . town after . the couple be open , friendly and not to be dissuade . atwater and calvelli exchange a look and allow themselves to be lead to the clear . the woman continue chatter to they as they move off . woman you eat . you drink . you have good time ... CUT to : bayou' edge atwater and calvelli clean themselves up in the bayou . Children play in the water around they . a short distance away , the band play enthusiastically for a.crowd of dancer clogging on wood planking laid out on the soft ground . calvelll what do you think ? atwater I think I feel better . cleaner anyway . calvelli what about safer ? atwater yeah ...0 on the other hand I do not think I would lie down and go to sleep . calvelli maybe we should forget about Mom and dad and try for town by ourselves . atwater what for ? if they be still hunt we , they will find we in the swamp . we will be safer here . ( continued ) 127 . continued : tuesday mid -day calvelll okay , but we grab a ride with the first car that leave . they be startle by a pop sound behind they . they wheel around ... young cajun girl a sweet face , smile girl of about twelve have open a couple of can of beer which she now offer to we boy . they sharp reaction make she a little nervous . they smile . atwater thank you . calvelli merci. she smile and run off . atwater relax , boy . this be the good cajun . calvelli ( unconvince ) yeah . you relax . atwater take a long swallow of beer . CUT to : ext . clearing - later the party be now in full swing . calvelli be at the food table be serve a huge plate of crawfish and gumbo . General gaiety abound everywhere except calvelli 's face . as he take he plate and move through the crowd . cajun face - calvelli' Pov strange smile , miss tooth ... all appear sinister to calvelli . 128 . tuesday afternoon calvelli he sit down under a tree . he start to eat , but continually look around . calvelli' Pov he scan the dancer , the band , everybody . he seem to catch people stare at he and then look away as they eye meet . a pirogue pole up the bayou and beach . two man get out . at this distance they could be the two cajun who kill Taylor . calvelli he stare at they . atwater suddenly appear and sit down next to he . atwater what 's the matter with you , boy ? calvelli look at that two guy ? atwater what two guy ? calvelli get out of the boat . he look . atwater yeah . .? calvelli they do not look like the guy we take the boat from ? the one who kill Taylor ? atwater I do not know . they be too far away then . and they be too far away now . ( continued ) 129 . continued : tuesday afternoon calvelli I think it 's they . atwater man , do not go gettin ' paranoid on I . calvellt , I get reason to be paranoid . so do you . he get up and start for the food table . calvelli continue to watch the two man . : calvelli' Pov the man move into the clear . it 's impossible to say whether or not they be Taylor 's killer . calvelli watch they . the band play louder ... faster . ocarina guitar , violin , accordion , Jew 's harp . cypress tree hog cage two huge four hundred pound porker in wooden cage . two cajun approach the cage . one draw a huge gut knife and run it across the bar . the hog squeal . the man laugh . then each man uncoil a rope and tie a noose . they be join by the two man from the pirogue . calvelli he watch the conversation . he get up . ( continued ) 130 . tuesday afternoon cypress tree the four cajun talk and laugh . it now become clear they be tie the rope into hangman 's noose . food table atwater be receive a giant plate of food . he turn to see calvelli move quickly towards he , bump into people , knock over plate on he way . finally as calvelli reach he . atwater Jesus , will you take it easy . calvelli I be get out of here right now . atwater what for ? calvelli I do not think I want to stay for the hang . he gesture in the direction of the cypress tree . atwater look . cypress tree two of the man be throw the noose over the branch of the tree , and testing they for strength . atwater and calvelli atwater laugh . atwater that be for bleed the hog . calvelli you be fuck crazy . ( cont inued ) 131 . continued : tuesday afternoon atwater I be tell you ... calvelli I be not stay to see if you be right . before atwater can say anything , calvelli suddenly take off . atwater follow . dance floor calvelli try to move through the crowd on the floor . suddenly he 's box in . a group of people with they arm lock together dance around he . they try to pull he into the dance . calvelli panic . he punch one man , push another aside and race for the forest . the music stop . General confusion . atwater move across the dance floor . atwater no. wait ! you do not understand ! atwater run off after calvelli . CUT to : calvelll running in dead panic ... branch and foliage cut at he face and arm , mud underfoot ... he slow ... begin walk , the carve knife in he right hand . a small glade appear before he , he enter , see : the cajun boy he smile , gesture to calvelli ... a very innocent look ( continued ) 132 . continued : tuesday mid - day child ; the same innocent look child that watch longbrake sink into the quicksand . calvelli approach cautiously , still hold he knife . calvelli I want to go home . the boy gesture calvelli closer ... closer . then blackbeard step out from behind a tree . aim he rifle at calvelli . calvelli can not believe it anyway ... he smile as blackbeard fire , run for he . blackbeard fire again ... calvelli get to he , put the knife hard into he stomach ... now blackbeard can not believe it . knife stick out ... only the handle visible . he shoot calvelli again . again . cur to : atwater running through the swamp ; he can hear gunfire ... he approach a dense thicket , move through , come out into the glade ... ext , forest - glade atwater cross to the two body . calvelli sit up against a tree , eye open and very dead . blackbeard on he back , face freeze into a final mask . the cajun boy nowhere to be see . atwater move near calvelli , look at he . atwater we have it make . we have it make . sound of a Jew 's harp . atwater turn ... 133 . tuesday mid -day mudman stand there with he rifle ... level it ... fire as atwater dive for the ground . atwater the bullet slam into the log near he head , he roll , another shot tear into the wood ... he can see blackbeard 's rifle , and the knife stick out of he middle ... both out of reach ... he roll again as another shot tear home ... jump up , make a break for the tree ... another shot ... ext . forest atwater run through the swamp ... run , run , run . mudman follow the trail of army combat boot . he move silently , relentlessly ... atwater still run but very fatigue ... slowing ... slowing ... slowing . lung burst , he bend , double over , gasp ... can not move another step . he kneel down , start to untie the lace on he combat boot ... cur to : mudman he move through the terrain , follow the visible trail of footstep lead past 134 . tuesday mid -day a thousand year old dead cypress huge , bleach white , petrify . just as mudman walk by ... from the massive hollow trunk - atwater his timing be perfect . the bootlace garrote have mudman around the neck . the strangulation mudman pitch and spin , a wild brahma bull , snort and buck , but he rider hang on ... mudman run backward , crush atwater against the great tree . again . again . but the garrote do not lessen ... atwater hanging on mudman 's elbow be piston drive into atwater 's side ... mudman reach back , grab a handful of atwater 's hair , try - to pull atwater 's skull off , but the garrote do not lessen . a ) mudman crumpling as the breath be choke out of he ; he leg can no longer support he weight ... he stand quivering ... make one final desperate reach back ... mudman on he knee then to he stomach ... he flop face first into the mud ... atwater still sit on he back , squeezing ... finally atwater 's hand let go of the two piece of wood to which the bootlace be tie ... atwater stagger to he foot . he take mudman 's rifle and knife ... o 135 . tuesday mid -day 3 the cajun boy come out of the swamp , in front of atwater . atwater back away , he do not want any more ... the Boy kneel next to mudman ... quietly sit there . atwater look at the Boy and the dead mudman ... he turn and run , still carry mudman 's rifle . a bayou dark water and moss cover lily pad . atwater wade through , come out in open marsh ... up ahead he can see : a hilly slope of grass - the levee he run for it , sprinting , just as a helicopter come zoom across the tree top ... atwater climb the slope on the run ... on top of the levee running along its stone bed road , atwater wave and chase the chopper . though it 's go from sight he still run ... faint music be heard ... voice sing , in cajun french . atwater look around , listen , start walk away from the levee , toward the direction of the sing ... the music get louder with each step . he stand poise , rifle ready ... a wooden build ahead pick - up truck and camper park in front . some of the vehicle attach to trailer and outboard motor-boat ... 136 . tuesday mid -day atwater walk toward the bar . the music be very loud . unmistakingly cajun french . qutside the bar he stop and gather himself , wiping away the dirt and sweat and blood ... lift the rifle , burst through the door ready to fire ... int . bar atwater 's momentum carry he into the center of the room ... a sign on the wall , " World 's greatest jambalaya , World 's friendliest people " . in one corner a group of cajun sing along to the juke box . the rest of the bar fill with ... national guardsmen in they clean fatigue . they play pool , card , pinball , dart ... some dance with cajun woman . one of the guardsman look up as atwater enter . guardsman atwater . hey ! it 's atwater ! the rest of the guardsman look up from they table . another . guardsman * Jesus , atwater , what the hell kind of show you be put on ? another guardsman we be lookin ' all over for you guy . atwater look over at he . the guardsman be at a table with atwater 's four smile cajun girl ... they smile more than a touch confuse by he dishevel appearance . : ( continued ) 137 . continued : tuesday mid -day another guardsman come on , atwater . have a beer . atwater just keep stand there and look at they . fade out :