South Park : bigger , long and uncut by Trey parker Matt Stone &amp ; Pam brady eighth draft January 21 , 1999 fade in : very happy , disneyesque music swirl in . pan down from a pretty blue sky , to a small quaint town nestle in the hill . a wooden sign tell we this be South Park . ext . south park avenue - day bird fly into the air , townspeople smile to each other as they walk by . it be a scene reminiscent of , if not directly rip off from , the open number of ' beauty and the Beast ' . a little eight year old boy walk happily down the street . he be stan marsh , a noble look boy with pierce blue eye and a strong chin . as he walk , he sing a happy song . stan I be go to the movie to see the brighter side of life ! I be go to the movie everything 's gonna be alright ! forget all my trouble put my own life on hold let a studio tell I how I should view the world where everything work out I love it that way I be go to the movie the movie today ! Stan merrily walk up to a crappy look house . int . bedroom - morning we be in a young boy 's bedroom , just as he alarm clock go off . brrrrrttt !!! radio announcer good morning South Park ! it 's five - thirty a.m. on Sunday !! time to feed the horse and water the cow !! from the back , we see the blond haire kid sit up from he bed . he stretch , and then walk over to he closet . we still only see the boy from the back as he reach in he closet and pull out a orange coat . the kid put he coat on , then turn to camera and pull the hood shut , so that we never get a good look at he face . mother ( o.s. ) kenny ! you 're gonna be late for church !!! this boy 's name be kenny , and under he orange coat , we have no idea what he look like , except for he european nose and hazel eye . kenny mph rmph rm ! int . kenny' house - kitchen Kenny walk through he small , dirty house and into the kitchen , where he mother , father and older brother be sit at the humble table . kenny' mother sit down , you can share some of you brother 's waffle . the doorbell ring . Kenny walk over to the door . ext . kenny' house - day Kenny open the door to find Stan . stan Kenny ! the terrance and Phillip movie be out ! you wanna come ?! Stan show Kenny a newspaper clipping . it 's a ad for the new terrance and Phillip movie ' ass of fire ' . Kenny 's eye light up . kenny mph rmph rm , rmph ! Kenny walk away with Stan . his mother come out after he . kenny' mother Kenny ! where be you go ? kenny mph mprh mprh rm ! kenny' mother what do you mean you do not want to go to church ? kenny mrmph , rmph rmph rm rmph . Kenny and Stan walk down the street . kenny' mother well fine , go ahead and miss church !! and then when you die and go to hell you can answer to satan !! Dramatic music sting . Kenny stop , think for a minute ... and then walk off with Stan anyway . ext . south park avenue - day Stan and Kenny now both happily march down the street to the happy beat . tom , a plastic surgeon , peep he head out the door of he rhinoplasty office . tom say , where be you boy go ? stan we be go to the movie ! to see the brighter side of life ! where everyone be beautiful and have they hair comb just right ! kenny mph rmph rm rmph rm ! mph rm rmph rm ! mprh rm rmph rm rm rmph rm rmph rm rmph ! tom have fun you rascal ! ext . kyle's house - day Kenny and Stan knock at the door . a handsome eight year old semite , kyle , answer the door . kyle hey , dude ... be not you suppose to go to church , Kenny ? stan Kyle , check it out . Kenny hold up the newspaper clipping . kyle oh my GOD , dude !!! Kyle slip on he coat and head out the door . but just then , Kyle 's little brother , ike , a two year old adopt canadian boy bounce up next to he . kyle no , ike ! you can not come with I ! Kyle 's mother , a big fat bitch , come to the door and yell . kyle's mother Kyle , you take you little brother out to play with you ! kyle aw , mar !! kyle's mother do as I say , Kyle ! Kyle 's mother close the door . kyle damn it !! ext . south park avenue - day now the three boy , and little ike , merrily strut down the street and sing in unison . boy we be go to the movie to see the better side of life where something interesting happen every day and night ! kyle in movie we can pretend that love be real and good always win - stan we can even make believe marriage last ! a homeless guy be lie in the alley . homeless guy spare a dollar ? spare a dollar ? Stan walk by and throw a dollar at he . the homeless guy suddenly jump up . homeless guy I be go to the movie ! to see the brighter side of life ! I be go to the movie everything 's gonna be alright ! forget my trouble put my own life on hold let a studio tell I how to view the world ! kyle let 's go get fat ass ! ext . another house - day this house look just like all the other . int . that same house close up on a bag that read ' cheesy poof ' . a hand reach into the bag , pull out a wad of orange crunchy and raise they -- boom up to reveal the fat face of eight year old eric cartman who chow down on the chip . now we see that fat little Eric be sit on he couch , eat cheesy poofs and watch television . the doorbell ring . cartman do not move a muscle . cartman mom ! somebody's at the door ! cartman' mother enter . she be extremely June cleaveresque ( except that she 's a hermaphrodite crack whore ) . she return with Stan , Kyle and Kenny . cartman' mother look , Eric it 's you little friend . cartman what the hell be you guy do here ? ike Baba turtre bad ! Kyle hold up the newspaper ad . cartman ooh ! ext . south park avenue now all four boy be merrily walk down the street and sing . boy we be go to the movie to see the better side of life ! cartman maybe there will be pirate ! or a whole city burnin ' ! maybe we will see a monster or , better yet , uma thurman ! boy we be go to the movie ! everything 's gonna be okay ! the boy skip out of frame . ext . movie theatre - day the movie theatre be nestle neatly between two other South Park building . the boy walk up to the geeky , teenage ticket guy . boy go to the movie ! the movie today !!!!! stan can I get five ticket to terrance and Phillip ass of Fire , please ? ticket guy no. suddenly , all the happy music that have permeate the film come to a abrupt halt . the boy look confuse . kyle what 'dya mean , no ? ticket guy terrance and Phillip ass of Fire be rate ' R ' . you kid can not get in . the boy look shocked . they just stand there , in silence . cartman the hell we can not ! my money be just as good as any white person' ! ticket guy you have to be accompany by a parent or guardian . kyle but why ? ticket guy because this movie have naughty language , and it might make you kid start use bad word . cartman listen you son of a bitch , if you do not let we in to see this movie I be gonna kick you square in the nut . ticket guy sorry , Charlie . kyle damn it ! ticket guy next , please ? a few teenager walk up to get they ticket . the boy step aside . stan this be terrible ! this can not be happen !! kyle we have to see this movie , dude ! cartman aw , screw it . it probably be not all that good anyway . kyle cartman ! what the hell be you talk about ?! you love terrance and philiip ! cartman yeah , but the animation 's all crappy - it probably can not sustain itself over ninety minute . ike poo baba ! stan wait ! I have get a idea ! ext . movie theatre - a little later the old homeless guy from the intro song walk up to the ticket guy with the boy . homeless guy uh , hi . I want five ticket to terrance and Phillip ass of Fire . ticket guy you realize this movie be rate R ? it may not be appropriate for you little one . homeless guy oh. ( turn to boy ) hey , he say this movie be not appropriate for you . stan ( whisper ) look , homeless guy , if you do not want to buy we ticket , and not get you ten buck and not go buy yourself a bottle of vodka and not forget about how miserable you life be and not stop the voice in you head then go right ahead . homeless guy five ticket please . the ticket guy suspiciously hand they over . int . movie theater - day the boy be all sit in the front row . cartman have a huge tub of popcorn , all kind of candy , and a large drink . ike purpre mama ! kyle be quiet , ike ! the movie 's start ! angle - movie screen a title read ' terrance and Phillip - ass of Fire ' boy hooray !!! on the screen , we come across phillip , a very handsome canadian star with a great body . phillip say terrance , what do the Spanish Priest say to the uranian gynecologist ? pan over to terrance , who be also canadian , and equally handsome in a more rugge way . terrance I do not know , Phillip , what ? Phillip rip a big fart . terrance and Phillip laugh merrily . angle - boy laugh they ass off . kyle that be sweet ! stan where do they come up with this stuff ?! cartman how come terrance and Phillip be so weird look ? kyle cuz , dummy they be canadian , just like ike ! cartman oh . ike poo bada ! angle - screen terrance you be such a pigfucker , Phillip ! phillip what ?! why would you call I a pigfucker ?! terrance well , let 's see ... first of all , you fuck pig . phillip oh yeah ! terrance and Phillip laugh merrily . angle - boy kyle woa , dude ! do they say what I think they say ? angle - screen terrance pull out a white envelope . terrance well , fuck my ass and call I a bitch , I just get a letter ! phillip a letter from who , you shit suck cock master ? track in on the boy ' wide eye face as the dialogue from the film enter they innocent ear . terrance it 's from you mother . phillip my mother send you a letter ? what 's it say ? terrance it say ' dear terrance , please do not ever tell my son that I lick you hairy ball . ' terrance and Phillip laugh merrily . phillip oh , you fuck ball whore ! the boy do not laugh , they just smile widely , they seem busy take it all in . cartman wow ... Ball whore ... terrance listen , you donkey raping shit eater - kyle ( to himself ) donkey raping shit eater . ike doky mape she deeder !!! terrance you would fuck you uncle ! phillip you 'd fuck you uncle ! terrance ( sing ) shut you fuck face , unclefucka !! you be a asslick , Ball suck unclefucka !! you be a unclefucka , yes it 's true nobody fuck uncle quite like you - phillip shut you fucking face !! unclefucka !!! you 're the one that fuck you uncle , unclefucka !!! you do not eat , or sleep or mow the lawn you just fuck you uncle all day long ! terrance &amp ; phillip shut you fuck face , unclefucka ! you butt lick bastard unclefucka ! terrance you be a unclefucka I must say ! phillip you fuck you uncle yesterday ! terrance &amp ; phillip unclefucka ! that 's youuuuuuu !!!!! the song end and the boy erupt into applause . ext . movie theatre - day the boy walk out of the theatre with glaze eye and wide smile . kyle dude , that movie be fuck sweet ! cartman you bet you fuck ass it be ! stan fuck , dude , I wanna be just like terrance and Phillip ! ticket guy hey wait a minute ... where 's you guardian ? stan huh ? ticket guy I know it ! you pay a homeless guy to get you in , do not you ! the boy think a second . cartman suck my ball . kyle yeah , ( sing ) shut you fuck face , unclefucka !! the boy walk away , merrily . the ticket guy be in shock . ticket guy oh oh , I be in trouble . boy ( sing , fade off ) you be a asslick , ball suck unclefucka !! ext . stark pond - day all the child of South Park be gather at the pond for ice skate . the scene be reminiscent of the skate scene from the Charlie Brown Christmas special . delicate snowflake fall , child laugh and skate , and joyous music play . the boy walk up to the pond . clyde hey , where have you guy be all day ? stan oh , nowhere ... we just go out to go see the terrance and phillip movie ! all the kid gasp ! Dramatic music sting . bebe you see it ?! clyde how would you get in ?! suddenly , all the kid be gather around the boy . they be like celebrity . cartman hey ! stop crowd we you shitface cockmaster ! all the kid stop , wide eye . as if they have just hear the voice of God . kide wowwww ... stan yeah , you be all a bunch of ass ramming unclefucker . kide ooooohhh !!! clyde ( to another kid ) we have to see this movie , dude . the other kid nod . cartman hey Stan , tell them about when terrance call Phillip a testicle shitting rectal wart ! Stan ? Stan ? but Stan be elsewhere , because out on the ice , skate gracefully , be little eight year old wendy testaburger . the heaven part , a choir of angel sing , as Wendy skate around and around , perform a series of impossible triple lutze , sowcow and what - have - you - not 's . all the animal of the forest -- deer , bird , bunny -- all stop to admire she . Stan 's smile grow wider and wider . Kyle turn to see what he 's look at . stan thank my lucky star here before I now be everything I would ever hope for knew it in a word saw it in a glance the only thing I think I would die for ... kyle aw , God damn it , he 's sing that fuck song again . angle - wendy spin and soar in slo-mo . effortlessly cover every inch of the pond with she ballet maneuver . Stan be slack - jaw . stan I can not stop now my heart 's awake I pray she arm my arm to take so this be why I be ali - Wendy finish she routine with a triumphant hamill - camel landing right in front of Stan and spraying ice in he face and abruptly end he song . wendy hi , Stan ! Stan vomit profusely all over himself . wendy ew! Gross ! just then , another kid skate up , spraying more ice in Stan 's face . his name be gregory , and he be a very handsome eight year old boy , with golden hair and a open-button shirt . he speak with a rich English accent . gregory come , Wendy , let we try to jump the hilly brush . Stan look at Gregory . stan who be you , kid ? gregory my name be Gregory . I have be Wendy 's counter - cousin for some time . wendy want to skate with we ? gregory we have be skate all morning . and laugh and talk of memory past . Gregory skate away . Stan look stunne . finally , he try to get Wendy 's attention . stan we see the terrance and Phillip movie ! wendy that 's nice , Stan . Wendy skate after Gregory . Stan look completely reject . kyle woa , dude , who 's you girlfriend 's new guy ? stan she 's not my girlfriend , dude ! meanwhile , the schoolkid be all still gather around cartman . cartman yes , I see the terrance and Phillip movie . who want to touch I ? I say , " who want to touch I ?! " a small boy step forward and tentatively touch cartman 's arm . SMALL boy oooooh ... ext . south park - town - morning establish shot of the little town of South Park which consist of four building . the sun rise in the background . it 's a brand new day . ext . south park elementary - day the elementary school be nestle peacefully between two mountain peak . int . south park elementary - day the kid of South Park be all in they seat , sing . kide shut you fuck face , unclefucka !! you be a shitsucke , cocksucke unclefucka !! the door open , and suddenly the kid quiet down . close - up on a hand puppet with a large red hat . it seem to be speak . mr. hat okay , child , let 's take we seat . as the voice continue , we pull back to reveal that the puppet be on the right hand of mr . garrison , a forty - six year old teacher who be in denial about he homosexuality . mr. garrison ( as mr. hat ) we have a lot to learn and precious little time . garrison look over the class and notice that every single one of they be wear a terrance and Phillip T-shirt , except , of course , for Wendy . mr. garrison why be everyone wear t-shirt of sigfry and Roy ? kyle it 's not sigried and Roy , Mr. garrison , it 's terrance and Phillip . kide terrance and phillip !! Stan look over at Wendy . she just roll she eye . Stan sulk . mr. garrison well , anyway ... today child , we friend Mr. hat be go to tell we all about the environment . mr. garrison ( as mr. hat ) that 's right , Mr. garrison . the environment be what surround we . it be what we live and breathe . cartman I hate the environment . kyle dude , how can you hate the environment ? cartman ' cuz , dude , it 's all sticky and airy and fragile and stuff . I fuck hate it . the kid all gasp ! mr. garrison Eric ! do you just say the " F " word ? cartman fragile ? kyle no , he 's talk about fuck , dude . you can not say fuck in front of Mr. garrison . mr. garrison Kyle ! cartman why the fuck not ? mr. garrison Eric ! stan dude , you just say fuck again . mr. garrison stanly ! kenny mph. mr. garrison Kenny ! cartman that 's bullshit ! if terrance and Phillip can say something , I should be able to say it too ! bebe wow , cartman 's cool ! clyde he 's like terrance and Phillip ! cartman gloat proudly . cartman fuckin ' a right . mr. garrison how would you like to go to the principal 's office ? cartman how would you like to gargle rat jiz ? Mr. garrison be in shock . mr. garrison what did you say ?!?! cartman I say - cartman take out a megaphone , hit the switch and put it to he mouth . it feed back horribly . cartman ( through megaphone ) how would you like to gargle rat jiz ?! garrison be floor . kyle oh , dude we be fuck now . int . principal be office - day the boy be seat in front of the principal 's desk . stan now remember , do not tell anybody we see the terrance and Phillip movie ! kyle yeah , let 's swear we will not tell ! just then , the principal walk in . she be principal victoria , a frizzy haire woman of about forty . principal victoria I be very disappointed in you boy ! you should be ashamed of yourselves ! I have already call in you parent , but first I want you to think about what you have do . cartman principal Victoria , can I ask a question ? princpal victoria what ? cartman what 's the big fuck deal ? stan yeah . principal victoria agh !! I want to know where you hear this horrific obscenity ! the boy look at each other . stan nowhere . kyle I 've hear they from Mr. garrison a few time before ... stan yeah ! principal victoria boy , I seriously doubt that Mr. garrison ever say - ( reading ) ' eat penguin shit you cum suck ass spelunker ' in school ! the boy all laugh . but then the door open and in walk Stan 's mother , Kyle 's mother , cartman 's mother and Kenny 's mother . stan oh , oh ... principal victoria thank you all for come on such short notice . as you can see , you boy be all be discipline . stan's mother this just be not like you , stanley ! Stan look down at the floor . kyle's mother what do my son say , principal Victoria ? do he say the S word ? principal victoria no , it be worse than that ... kyle's mother ( gasp ) the F word ?! principal victoria no , worse . here 's a short list of the thing they have be say . the mother look over the sheet of paper . immediately , they eye bulge . stan's mother oh dear God ... kyle's mother what be ' fisting ' ? cartman' mother that 's when the fist be insert into the anus or vagina for sexual pleasure . the two mom stare at Ms. cartman . cartman' mother what ? kyle's mother ( to Kyle ) Young man , you will tell peincipal Victoria this instant where you hear all this horrible phrase ! kyle I can not dude ! we all take a sacred oath , and swore ourselves to secrecy ! cartman it be the terrance and phllip movie ! stan dude ! cartman what ? fuck you guy , I wanna get out of here . kyle's mother terrance and Phillip movie ?! oy gevalt ! not again ! principal victoria what be terrance and Phillip ? kyle's mother terrance and Phillip be two very untalented , unfunny actor from Canada . they tv show be fill with toilet humor and bad language and be just complete garbage . now it appear they have a movie and I be positive it 's not suitable for child ! principal victoria well , it look like I will have to send a warning letter out to parent . I have to put a stop to this before more child see ' terrance and Phillip ' . cartman everybody 's already fuck see it . ms. cartman Eric ! cartman I be sorry ! I can not help it !! that movie have warpe my fragile little mind . kyle's mother alright , boy , that 's enough . get out and let we adult speak . the boy get up and walk out . Kyle 's mother slam the door behind they . kyle's mother we must take action on this immediately . principal victoria ooh yes . I think we will have to give detention to that boy . kyle's mother forgive I for say so , principal Victoria , but you method be too ... shall we say ... soft ? as head of the pta , I be exercise my right under article 42 of the pta code . a look of shock come over the principal 's face . principal victoria article 42 ! you do not mean - ?! kyle's mother yes principal Victoria . the pta be impeach you . principal victoria but I - kyle's mother you be officially relieved of you duty as principal of this school ! Kyle 's mother sit herself down at principal Victoria 's desk . kyle's mother get out of that chair ! the pta be in charge now ! int . cafeteria - day the other school kid be in line for lunch . just then , the Kyle 's mother 's voice come blaring through the p.a. kyle's mother attention student . we be now enforce a new dress code at South Park elementary . terrance and Phillip shirt be no longer allowed in school . anyone wear a terrance and Phillip shirt be to be sent home immediately . the kid look down . they be all wear terrance and Phillip shirt . kide hoooray !!! the kid all cheer and run out the door . leave the cafeteria absolutely empty ... except for Wendy . wendy hello ? Wendy 's hello echoe throughout the entire building . int . television set a dapper news anchor sit behind a news desk . news anchor all over America , kid be flocking to the R rate film , ' terrance and Phillip ass of Fire ' . here with a special report , be a quadriplegic midget in a bikini . int . spelling bee - day a quadriplegic midget in a bikini stand in front of the camera with a microphone . q. midget w/ bikini thanks , Tom . it appear that the effect of the canadian Comedy be far reach indeed . all over America , child seem to be influence . a teacher be on stage with a young spelling bee contestant . teacher alright , this be for the silver medal . spell ' forensics ' . kid oh , fuck that , why should I fuck have to spell forensics ? all the kid cheer . kid here you go ; s-u-c-k-m-y-a-s-s , forensics . CUT to : ext . birthday party - day a happy birthday party be go on be some kid backyard . a clown be entertaining everyone . clown hey kid , how would you like to see some magic trick ?! kide fuck you !! the clown look startle . clown huh ? child yeah , and fuck you stupid little red nose . child 2 yeah , and fuck you yellow hair . and fuck you gay pants . pan over to again find the midget reporter . he now have a graphic of a record chart next to he . q. midget w/ bikini and the devastating impact of the canadian phenomenon be terrance and Phillip 's new hit song , " shut you Fucking face , unclefucka " which have climb the chart with a bullet -- we see a clip from the video , " unclefucka . " the video have terrance and Phillip dress like mase and puffy in that video they do in Vegas . they wear shiny bright jumpsuit and lunge at the fish - eye lens of the camera . terrance &amp ; phillip ( sing ) shut you fuck face ! unclefucka !! int . newsroom - day the news anchor shake he head in disgust . news anchor thanks , midget . shock report . the controversy surround the terrance and Phillip movie begin in the small mountain town of South Park , Colorado where the local pta ban the movie . with we tonight be the head of the South Park pta , Sheila brofloski - a screen appear with Kyle 's mother , look very piss . the title below she read ' outrage mother ' . news anchor Ms. brovlofski , how be this kid see this film ? be bad parent to blame ? or be it Canada ? kyle's mother Canada ! news anchor alright . here with a counterpoint be the canadian Minister of movie . a split screen appear , Kyle 's mother on one side , and a goofy look canadian slide into the other . news anchor thank you , Minister , for join we . canadian minister of movie thanks for have I , buddy . news anchor Minister , parent all over America be concerned about you country 's entertainment . you thought ? canadian minister of movie well , the film be R rate , and it 's not intend for child - kyle's mother oh but of course child be go to see it !! canadian minister of movie uh , can I finish ? can I finish ? ... the fact be that we Canadian be quite surprised by you outrage - kyle's mother you just don't care ! canadian minister of movie can I finish ? hello ? can I finish ? ... the United States have graphic image of violence on television all the time , what be that one show ? cop ? and car crash catch on tape ? we can not believe that a movie with some foul language and fart joke would piss you off so much . kyle's mother because it's evil !! canadian minister of movie can I finish ? please ? can I finish ? ... ... uh ... okay , I be finish . news anchor but minister , it be not like this film be the first troublesome thing to come out of Canada . let we not forget Brian Adams a few decade ago . the Minister think . canadian minister of movie what ? kyle's mother the Canadian be just mad that we mother here in South Park have the chutzpah to stand up to they ! like it or not , Mr. canadian Minister , our child be now safe from you canadian smut ! int . movie theatre - day the boy be in the front row , this time with Wendy , watch the terrance and Phillip movie . terrance well , terrance I hope you learn something from this whole experience . phillip I do , terrance , I learn that you be a boner bite dick fart fuck face ! the boy laugh merrily . Wendy just look bored . terrance say Phillip , want to see the Northern light ? phillip you bet , terrance ! terrance pull out a match , light it , then fart . the flame burn terrance to a blacken mass . phillip ha ha ha ! you burn yourself to death by lighting the fart ! ha ha ha !! terrance ( just a skull ) I sure do , Phillip !! the boy laugh hysterically . stan do you see that , Wendy ? wendy yup . ext . theater - day the boy walk out happily . kyle man , that movie get better every time I see it ! cartman yeah , but you know what ? that whole part about lighting fart be bullshit . you can not do that . kenny mph rmpmh rm . cartman no way . stan do not you think it be funny , Wendy ? wendy Stan ... I think you and I need some time apart . stan what ?! cartman oh shit . wendy it 's just ... it 's obvious that we do not have a whole lot in common anymore . I need somebody who 's ... a little deeper . stan but Wendy , I can go - Wendy place she little glove hand over Stan 's mouth . wendy no . do not speak . you will only make thing more annoying . Goodbye , Stan . and just like that , Wendy be go . Stan look almost ready to cry . Kyle walk up behind Stan . kyle dude , anybody who do not think terrance and Phillip be funny can fuck off anyways . stan ( insincere ) yeah ... the boy walk off . kenny mph rmph rm !! cartman no you can not Kenny ! kenny mph rm rmph !! cartman okay Kenny , I will bet you a hundre dollar you can not light a fart on fire ! kenny mph mm ! Kenny pull out a book of match . he strike a match and hold it under he ass . after a few second Kenny fart , and there be a little flame . suddenly , the flame catch and Kenny start burn alive . kenny mmmpmmph !!! mgmfeodfo !!! Kenny run around , and finally fall to the ground , still burn . stan oh my GOD !! you kill kenny !! kyle you bastard !! cartman look shocked . cartman wow , I guess you can do that ! int . hospital - later doctor and nurse be push Kenny into the operate room er style . everything be quick and chaotic . shout fill the hallway . nurse cbc chem kit stat !! doctor gauche load that i.v. with 70 ccs of sodium pentothal !! int . operating room it 's mid-operation . doctor gauche siphon the fluid off he brain !! vacuum ! another nurse hand he a sucker tube . he immediately shove into Kenny 's skull . it start to slurp and burble . doctor gauche try to untangle he trachea and esophagus ! nurse right ! while Doctor gauche wrestle with Kenny 's lung and torso , the nurse reach into Kenny 's mouth and pull both he windpipe and esophagus out of he mouth , turn they inside out in the process . off to the side , Stan , cartman and Kyle look on as the doctor and nurse tangle themselves in knot with Kenny 's innard . doctor gauche no! that doesn't go there !! nurse watch he liver !!! Kenny 's liver pop out of he torso and slide across the floor . assistant I will get it !!! doctor gauche we have precious little time leave people ! we be go to lose he soon !! suddenly , there be a long , beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep . nurse Doctor , he heart 's stop ! doctor gauche crack he . let 's get it out of there !!! Doctor gauche lift Kenny 's heart out of he body . doctor gauche we need to zap this , quick ! and run it to the microwave . he open the door . doctor gauche who 's make a potato ? doctor 2 my bad , sir . I miss lunch . doctor gauche damn it ! I be not go to lose this kid !!!!!! int . recovery room - later fade up from black . we be close on Kenny 's face . his little eye start to open . Doctor gauche lean over he Kenny . Stan and Kyle be there . doctor gauche Kenny . Kenny , can you hear I ? Kenny stir . kenny ( weakly ) mph rmph rm ... doctor gauche how be you feel , son ? kenny mph .... rmph .... doctor gauche great ... Son , I have some bad news . we accidentally replace you heart with a baked potato . you have about seven second to live . kenny mrm ?! just then , Kenny 's baked potato heart explode , splattering gore all over the inside of the recovery room and on the outside of Dr. gauche , Stan and Kyle . stan oh my God ! they kill Kenny ! kyle you bastard !! doctor gauche damn it ! it never get any easier ! anybody get the score of that broncos game ? int . hospital - waiting room Kyle 's mother be wait with the rest of the parent . the nurse walk up to Kenny 's parent with a sad expression . nurse I be sorry ... Kenny 's mother break down . kenny' mother oh my God , they kill Kenny ! kenny' dad you bastard ! kyle's mother I know this would happen ! that bastard Canadian have now kill a child ! can not people see the damage that film be do ?! stan's mother he be kill do something he see in the movie . it be terrance and Phillip ... they kill Kenny . cartman' mother you bastard . kyle's mother this be it ! the time for action be now !! ( sing ) something must be do ! this be like a spread rash ! they be pull out we child 's brain and fill they with trash ! can not you see what this be lead to ? a world of smut and sex and poo ! I believe the good fight have begin ! something must be do ! everyone gather around Kyle 's mother . stan's mother I agree ! ( sing ) something must be do ! we must take action fast ! my child use to say ' please and thank you ' now he say suck my ass ! cartman' mother and my boy be the sweetest boy the world have ever know ! until that damn Canadian bring that filth into we home ! I agree that there be now a battle to be win ! we can not just stand here sing ! something must be do ! kenny' mother but what be we go to do against the media machine ? it 's so big and powerful ! kyle's mother right ! and we can use that same media machine to exploit our cause ! we have get to let the whole world know what the Canadian do to you son ! parent yeah !! kyle's mother come on ! the parent all head out the door - ext . hospital - continuous the door to the hospital swing open , and the parent march out into the street , sing in unison as they go . parent ( sing ) something must be do ! something 's gotta give ! this world have become a bitch in which we have no desire to live ! Cars come screeching to a halt as the parent sing in the middle of the road . people start honk they horn in frustration . kenny' mother my boy could have become a doctor or a lawyer rich and true instead he burn up like a piggy on a bar - b- que ! kyle's mother we will fight for child 's rights in memory of you son ! parent we can not just stand here sing ! something must be do ! Cars be now smash into each other , and fly off the road to people 's death , as the music number have take over the busy intersection . parent we have push and push it to the edge and now the time have come ! something 's gotta change ! it 's time to buy a gun ! we can not just stand here sing no we can not just stand here sing no we can not just stand here sing ! something must be do !!! a few more car careen off and explode into flame as if end the song with a borage of firework . int . operating room - the boy gather around Kenny 's lifeless body . cartman ( daze ) I bet he he could not do it ... I bet he a hundred dollar ! kyle come on , cartman . it 's not you fault . cartman no , I know . I be just fuck stoked I do not have to pay he ! kyle oh. the boy walk out , leave Kenny 's corpse behind . we can still hear the boy voice as they exit . kyle ( o.s. ) I can not believe he 's dead . cartman ( o.s. ) yeah , I be have total deja vu right now . like this have all happen before ... after they leave , push in to Kenny 's dead body , which be leave all alone on the operate table . the camera continue to zoom in to Kenny 's face ... zoom in on Kenny 's dead face . we pass into he though ... flash !! ext . space - Kenny 's body be float through a great void . a peaceful song play as he soar upwards to the heaven . * note - except for Kenny 's little construction paper body , this entire sequence should be do in 3d cgi . ahead of he , Kenny can see a great white light . it appear warm and invite . now Kenny notice large beautiful breast bob up and down in the heaven . he reach out to touch they . Kenny blissfully float upward toward the bright light and bob breast . the music crescendos as Kenny get almost close enough to the light to touch it . just then , a huge , electronic sign pop up . ' access denied ' . suddenly , Kenny go spiraling downward . the song change to a ministry type number as Kenny 's surroundings start to become darker and more twisted . Kenny 's hapless spirit enter a horrifying red tunnel , fill with flame and heat . kenny mph rmph rm ! Burning soul scream and cry all around Kenny , as he body plunge into what be now obviously the depth of hell . Kenny pass image of Hitler , John Wayne gacy , hunger and disease as he continue through the twist tunnel . he then pass image of Jimmy Stewart and Gandhi . all of whom be opportunely lock in hell for all eternity . ext . movie theatre - day the same ticket guy from before be at the ticket booth . the marquee still read ' terrance and Phillip ' but a huge sticker have be place over it that read ' ban ' . the boy stand underneath the marquee look baffle . stan how can they do this ? kyle it be not fair ! cartman well , terrance and Phillip be on conan o'brian tonight , we could at least go watch that . the boy hang they head and walk away . the ticket guy suddenly hear a bunch of commotion . he see a mob of angry mother , lead by Kyle 's mother . kyle's mother this must be he , officer ! this be the scum that sell R rate ticket to child ! ticket guy what ?! Jesus Christ , I do not mean to ! barbrady slap handcuffs on the freak out teen . officer barbrady you can explain downtown ! ticket guy ( get drag away ) oh shit ! hey it 's not my fault ! you should arrest that pervert Canadian ! kyle's mother oh we will , Mr. scumbag ... we will ... ext . cartman' house - night establish . int . cartman' house - night the boy be sit on cartman 's couch watch tv . angle - television - the conan o'brian show conan come back from a commercial break . sitting next to he , be Ms. brooke shield . conan o'brian we next guest have the number one movie in the world right now , please welcome terrance and Phillip ! a few cheer as terrance and Phillip walk out on stage . a few boo as well , and we see that the South Park mother be in the audience hold ' anti-terrance and Phillip ' sign . terrance and Phillip walk out and sit next to brooke shield . phillip hello , conan ! terrance hello , brooke shield ! conan it 's nice to have you here in America . phillip yeah , well , you be a canadian and all , we think what the hell ! conan o'brian so guy ... I understand you have a comedy routine work out for we . phillip we sure do , conan . and here it be . Excuse I , terrance . terrance yes , Phillip ? Phillip rip a fart that launch terrance backwards and into the band . they both laugh wildly . phillip gotcha ! terrance and Phillip laugh . nobody in the audience laugh . angle - boy they laugh merrily . resume - the conan o'brian show terrance good one , Phillip ! cheer . phillip cheer , terrance ! terrance extricate himself from the band . conan be grow nervous . he look out into the audience ... Kyle 's mother be sit there , look angry . conan make eye contact with she , and then nod he head . Kyle 's mother nod back . conan o'brian ( nervous ) so , guy , I need to ask you a serious question ... phillip I just farted terrance back into the stone age ! they both laugh hard . brooke shield wait a beat , then belt out a fake laugh . brooke shield I farted once on the set of Blue lagoon ! terrance nobody care , brooke shield ! conan o'brian terrance and Phillip ... whose idea be it , to have a person lighting a fart on fire in you movie ? who be responsible for that ? terrance and Phillip exhange glance . terrance Phillip , I think we friend conan have be work too hard . conan o'brian say it ! it be you idea to have someone light a fart on fire in you movie ! phillip / terrance ( together ) it be we idea to have someone light a fart on fire in you movie . angle on the audience Kyle 's mother be among they , listen to all this . kyle's mother ( into she lapel ) that 's it ! move , move , move ! angle on terrance and phillip a battalion of Army guy appear , seize terrance and Phillip and arrest everyone in they group . kyle's mother terrance and Phillip , you be under arrest for work in America without the proper document ! we got you ! angle - boy kyle dude , what the hell be go on ? resume - the conan o'brian show terrance Phillip , we have be trick and ambush by the conan o'brian show !! phillip this little scrotum sucker willfully deceive we ! ( point to conan ) you be a bad man ! terrance and you call yourself a canadian ! ( to Phillip ) I tell you we should of do leno ! conan o'brian turn away , ashamed . kyle's mother do not listen to they , Mr. o'brian . they be master manipulator . you do a good job . terrance you love we movie , conan ! we watch it together . you ... you laugh ! conan grab he head . conan o'brian what have I do ?!!! conan grab a gun and blow he head off , dousing brooke shield with blood . brooke shield agahgahggh !!!! monday at eight aaaghgh !!!! terrance and Phillip laugh merrily . Kyle 's mother cradle conan 's lifeless body . kyle's mother you see what you filth have cause ? terrance US ?! this be you mess , outrage mother !! int . cartman' house - night the boy be sit on the couch in absolute shock . stan dude , we mom arrest terrance and Phillip ! kyle we mom suck ! cartman this could mean ... no more terrance and Phillip - ever ! ext . UNITED nation - day establish shot . int . UNITED nation - general assembly room lot of foreigner with they silly foreign outfit sit at they stupid microphone with they ridiculous translation headsets -- in the general assembly hall . the canadian ambassador stand before they . canadian ambassador as the canadian ambassador , I hereby condemn the action take by America in apprehend terrance and Phillip ! a murmur go through the crowd . canadian ambassador we demand they release immediately !! as you can see from this graph , the entire economy of Canada rely on terrance and Phillip ! without they we be doom to recession ! the United Nations head bang he gavel . now Kyle 's mother stand up . she be with a group of mother all wear m.a.c t-shirt . kyle's mother if I may ? everyone look at Kyle 's mother . kyle's mother as president and founder of m.a.c. , I would like to state - UNITED nation head Excuse I , m.a.c .? kyle's mother yes , mother against Canada . UNITED nation head Kay . kyle's mother I would like to state that Canada must learn to stop infiltrate we country with its graphic art ! cheer from the Americans . canadian ambassador last time I check America be a free country ! kyle's mother look at this ! Kyle 's mother pull Kenny 's mother up by the head . kyle's mother this woman 's child be kill by you country 's humor ! look how upset she be ! Kenny 's mom look fine . canadian ambassador we will continue to sell terrance and Phillip video to anyone retarded enough to buy it !! kyle's mother then you leave I no choice ... I call for a embargo on all canadian import !!! more cheer from the Americans . the Canadian look worried . int . supermarket - day the boy be in the check out line at Bob 's supermarket . cartman what the hell do you mean I can not get cheesy poofs ?! bob sorry , kid . cheesy poofs be a canadian export . we can not carry they any more . kyle who the hell make up that law ?! cartman you can not do this !! have you ever have cheesy poofs ? they be a taste sensation with a delightful cheddar crunch . bob there 's nothing I can do . I can still sell you cheese - o's . cartman fuck cheese - os and fuck you ! cartman storm out . the boy follow he . int . cartman' house - day the boy walk into cartman 's house . cartman slam the door behind he . the boy all walk toward the live room . cartman come on , you guy ... we have to think ! stan about what ? cartman about cheesy poofs , dumbass ! this whole thing have go too far ! kyle I do not really think you need cheesy - poofs , tubby - but the boy come to a abrupt halt when they reach the live room and see that all four mother be wait for they , silently . everyone just sit there for a second . the lighting on Kyle 's mother 's face look almost evil . kyle's mother boy , we have to have a difficult discussion . kyle we already know what you do . we see it on television . stan yeah , how come you arrest terrance and Phillip ? stan's mother stanly , you be too young to understand what 's good for you . that 's why we mother have take charge . kyle but they fuck do not do anything wrong ! cartman yeah ! and what rim job expert go and outlaw cheesy poofs !? the mother all gasp in horror . kyle's mother what be that word , young man !? cartman' mother oh , he say rim job . it 's when someone lick you ass for - kyle's mother I know what it be ! cartman ( to he mother ) lick someone 's ass ?! kyle's mother the terrance and Phillip movie have obviously do irreparable damage to they brain . we have to put they in rehab right away . kyle what 's that ? kyle's mother you boy need help . there be rehab center that specialize in treat people with chronic addiction to bad language . stan's mother there be ? Kyle 's mother think for a second . kyle's mother well no , I guess not ... but we will establish the first of its kind right here in South Park . all the child in town will have to attend and receive treatment from the school counselor Mr. Mackey ! ooh I just love when I get this sort of idea ! cartman why ? so you can fuck up we life some more ? cartman' mother Eric ! do not talk to Ms. brovlofski that way ! cartman but mom ! I be not fuck addict to fuck bad language ! I do not have a fuck problem ! int . hell - day Kenny walk through the black void of hell . a trippy , single shaft of light seem to follow he wherever he go . kenny mphrmo ? no answer ... no nothing ... Kenny continue on , flame shoot up randomly from the ground scare the shit out of he . kenny mphr !! mmly mmt ! suddenly , Kenny hear a clawing noise . it get louder and louder . Kenny start to run faster and faster . now the claw be right behind he ! Kenny spin around . he be face to face with satan ! Satan look down at Kenny and shoot flame out he nose . Kenny 's eye bulge open . kenny mmmmmphphphphp !!!!! satan fall one ... we have such sight to show you ! Kenny shake . Satan turn to a whispy form and flash across the room like a serpent , in a millisecond he be right up in Kenny 's face . satan I be Satan . I be you God , now . kenny mph rm !!! Kenny try to run away , but Satan again change form , fly across the room and cut Kenny off . satan come with I . I will show you what delightful pain await . two black demon grab Kenny by the arm and start to lead he away . kenny mmmmmphphp !!!! just then , saddam hussein show up next to Satan . saddam hussein oh , a new recruit , huh ? welcome to hell , kid ! relax ! take a load off !! satan you remember ... Saddam Hussein , do not you ?! Kenny 's eye grow wide . kenny mmmpph !!! ext . rehab CENTER - day establish shot of the small Betty fordesque building . int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid be sit in chair in a circle . there be anti - drug sign on the wall : " crack be whack " ; " get High on pottery " ; and , " I go from Zero to bitch in .9 second . " mr. mackey , the wiry school counselor , lead the group . there 's a pottery wheel and lot of craft table behind they . mr. mackey mkay , it 's come to my attention , that you boy have a potty - mouth problem , mkay . now the sooner you recognize you problem , mkay , the sooner we can get you back to you third grade homeroom where you belong . kyle but they be just word , Mr. Mackey . we parent be over-react . bebe yeah , Wendy 's here , and she do not even like terrance and Phillip ! Wendy look bored . Stan try to smile at she , but she do not even acknowledge he . meanwhile , cartman be violently shaking in he seat . cartman ugh ... you guy , seriously ... I be have cheesy poof withdrawal ... mr. mackey mkay , kid from all over the State have be bring here , because you all share the same problem . uh , young man ... let 's start with you . he point at Gregory . the little british bastard from the lake . gregory my name be Gregory ... and I have a potty mouth . Wendy look at Gregory . Stan notice this . cartman you have get a stupid accent too . mr. mackey Eric , that be not appropriate . cartman what ? fuck french people . fuck them in the ear . mr. mackey mkay , you see , child . this be exactly what I be talk about . we have to change the way you think . gregory how be you gonna do that ? Mr. Mackey cross to a piano . he play chord while speak the follow line . mr. mackey there be time when you get sucker in , by drug and alcohol and sex with wom -en . but it 's when you do this thing too much ( sing ) that you have get to clear you head and get back in touch ... Mr. Mackey play the piano and sing : mr. mackey you can do it , it 's all up to you , mkay ? with a method , there 's nothing you can not do , mkay ? you do not have to spend you life addict to crack homeless on the street give hand - job for cash as long as you follow this simple plan I be fully convinced that it 's , easy , mkay ... the kid be extremely disinterested . Mackey walk over to a chalkboard . mr. mackey step one : think about fun . think about all that you will miss addict to this step two : think it all through . think how 's this gonna change my life , what be I gonna miss ? step three : go and hug a tree , hug anything that get in you way ! and step four : just do not do it anymore - it 's easy , mkay ! Mackey get the child in a circle all hold hand . mr. mackey come on , kid ! sing along ! kide ( extremely half - ass ) you can do it , it 's all up to you mkay ? with a method , there 's nothing you can not do , mkay ? we do not have to spend we life addict to crack homeless on the street give hand - job for cash mr. mackey as long as you follow my simple plan I be fully convinced that it 's , easy , mkay ... everyone start dance in a circle . kide step one : think about fun . think about all that you will miss addict to this step two : think it all through . think how 's this gonna change my life , what be I gonna miss ? step three : go and hug a tree , hug anything that get in you way ! and step four : just do not do it anymore - it 's easy , mkay ! mr. mackey it 's easy , mkay ?! everyone fall down laugh . int . rehab CENTER - lounge Kyle 's mom and the other mom watch the kid and Mr. Mackey roll around on the floor laugh on a security monitor . kyle's mother what the hell do they think this be ?! summer camp ?! int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER just then , Kyle 's mother walk in with a scowling look , interupt the kid and Mr. Mackey who be still laugh merrily . the other mother be behind she . kyle's mother Mr. Mackey , what be go on ?! Mr. Mackey stand up , look scared . mr. mackey uh , we be just , start we program ... kyle's mother this be not a place for fun and game ! this be rehabilitation ! now get to it !! we at mac have a trial to go to ! the mother walk away . mr. mackey mkay . cartman God damn it you mom be a bitch , Kyle . Kyle hang he head . ext . supreme court - day a news reporter stand in front of the Supreme Court . all around he be protestor , with sign that say CANADA no ! and can 'tada ! still other hold sign with Kenny on they . news reporter Tom I be stand in front of the U.S. Supreme Court where the most important trial of the - day - be happen . thousands of people have show up from all over the country to show they outrage and disgust at Canada . join I now be Mrs. mckormick , mother of the poor little boy who be kill by the Canadian . Kenny 's mother step into frame . she be wear a shirt with Kenny 's picture on it . written on the T-shirt be ' have you see my son ? no , you have not . he 's dead . ' news reporter Mrs. mckormick , you must really hate the Canadian . kenny' mother yes , yes I do , Tom . news reporter do you ever think you would see the day when thousand of people be wear you son Kenny on t-shirt ? kenny' mother no I do not . but if any of you would like one they be 14.95 . available in blue or white . the reporter think for a second , and then turn back to the camera . news reporter well , we can only imagine the intense , vehement trial that be go on inside . int . supreme court - day terrance and Phillip be on the stand . johnny cochran terrance and Phillip ... you knowingly , with malice of forethought be try to destroy american culture , yes or no ? terrance rip a fart . johnny cochran yes or no ! int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid be all in the main room , sit on a couch , huddle around a television . they laugh merrily . stan shh ! Mr. Mackey 's gonna hear we ! int . supreme court - day terrance the Americans be just show they true color as smelly bastard . phillip fight the power ! terrance the young boy that die light himself on fire . it be unfortunate , but how can they blame US ? phillip do not believe the hype !! terrance and Phillip laugh merrily . int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid all shout agreement . kide ( adlib ) yeah ! woohoo ! back to courthouse terrance and Phillip laugh merrily . terrance you can not oppress we ! we will continue to pursue we art . we know there be Americans out there who will help we ! Kyle 's mother now stand up from the prosecutor 's table . kyle's mother you ' art ' be shallow and immature ! we Americans do not allow that for we child !! phillip please . you teach you child that America be the land of the free . but it 's all bullshit . you be one of the most conservative country in the world ! int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the child all listen , wide - eye . int . supreme court - day terrance the problem be you do not allow you child to think for themselves . you try to raise they in a protective bubble , and then when they finally get old enough , they realize they have be lie to , and they resent you for it . phillip yeah , God , no wonder you country be so fuck up . kyle's mother that be enough !! terrance wake up america ! you government censor you from the world . kyle's mother no they don 't ! phillip yes they do ! and i'll prove it to you ! in MARCH of last year , the american government - booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop . suddenly , the screen go blank . a sign that say ' please stand by ' come on . int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid all watch , wide - eye . kyle what happen ? wendy the station conveniently go blank . int . canadian PRESS conference - day the canadian Prime Minister stand directly in front of camera , look right at we . canadian prime minister attention america !! you have take we national treasure terrance and Phillip . we , in turn , have take yours ... the smother Brothers ! the canadian Prime Minister step out of the way , revealing the smother Brothers tie up in chair behind he . canadian prime minister I will let you catch you breath ... now , release terrance and Phillip , or else we will execute you beloved smother Brothers !! tommy smother please listen to they !! dick smother they be not fuck around !! canadian prime minister we be not fuck around . this be not aboot deal . this aboot dignity . this be aboot freedom ... this be aboot respect . return terrance and Phillip now !!! another canadian lean in and whisper in the Prime Minister 's ear . canadian prime minister oh yeah ... and fuck you , america ! he raise he middle finger , but it 's all blurred and digitize . int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER mr. mackey okay kid , for today 's rehabilitation activity , we be go to watch the terrance and Phillip movie . stan what ?! kyle sweet ! mr. mackey now , this be a edite version of the movie , which be put out by the mpaa . that 's the motion picture Association of America . wendy be not that censorship ? mr. mackey no the mpaa be not a censorship group . wendy why not ? mr. mackey uh ... because they say so ... mkay . now I want you to watch this movie , with all the immature profanity take out , and notice how much better a movie it become ... Mackey put the tape in and hit play . the title come up ' terrance and Phillip ass of Fire ' except that ' ass ' have be blurred out , and replace with ' bunz ' . kide hooray !!! the movie begin . Phillip walk in . but it be not Phillip 's voice , somebody have dub he over . dubbed phillip hey terrance . I feel like I be go to pass gas near you head . dubbed terrance I would rather you do not , Phillip . dubbed phillip oh ? be that so ? Phillip fart on terrance . terrance oh , you be such a maroon ! phillip you would know , dummy . the boy look confuse . terrance you be pigeon - like in you intelligence . the pseudo - terrance and Phillip laugh . terrance throw a match on Phillip and Phillip burn to death . a title come up - the end . and the credit roll . cartman what the hell be that ?! kyle dude , they cut out 92 minute ! the light in the theater come up . mr. mackey so you see , the point and the theme of the film be keep intact . and of course , the mpaa do not cut out any of the graphic violence . what do you think ? cartman oh man , I be gonna need a cherry pie to get the taste of ass out of my mouth from that piece of shit movie . mr. mackey Eric , you be not watch you mouth ! cartman you get I cheesy poofs with the delightful cheddar crunch , and I will watch my fuck mouth ! mr. mackey Eric !!!! you need to be rehabilitated . help I to help you ! cartman help yourself prickfuck ! mr. mackey I be not a prickfuck , mkay ? you little asshole ! Mackey slap he hand over he mouth and look around , scared . cartman ha , ha , you stupid asshole prickfuck . int . rehab CENTER - separate room Mr. Mackey be in a private office with the member of m.a.c . kyle's mother how be the child 's progress ? mr. mackey very encourage . most of the child have be ween from they naughty mouth . kyle's mother what do you mean most , why not all ? mr. mackey ( nervous ) well , some of the child just do not respond to 12 step program . kyle's mother then we will have to resort to plan B and call the v-chip organization . Dramatic music sting . Mackey look afraid . mr. mackey Mrs. brovlofski , the v-chip have not be fully test yet , it could be dangerous . kyle's mother ( evil ) I do not care if it 's dangerous ! desperate time call for desperate measure , Mr. Mackey . perhaps I need to remind you of you situation . mr. mackey ( nervous ) alright , I will make the call ... int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid be again glue to the tv watch the trial of terrance and Phillip . int . supreme court - day back in the courthouse , the jury walk in and sit down . judge madam foreman , have you reach a verdict ? foreman we have , you honor . judge how find you , the jury ? foreman we the jury , find the defendant ... terrance and Phillip ... guilty of be complete bastard . the crowd go wild . the mother of m.a.c. stand and cheer . int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid sit in shock . kyle oh no ! int . courtroom - day terrance oh oh , Phillip . you know what this mean ? phillip we will be farting bread and water for a few year . the judge bang she gavel . judge terrance and Phillip , for crime against the great nation of America you be hereby sentence to death . huge music sting . terrance death ?! you gotta be shittin ' I ! phillip aghgh ! Phillip pass out . int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid can not believe what they be see . everyone be silent . finally , Kyle perk up . kyle dude , let 's help terrance and Phillip !! stan how do we do that ? Kyle think for a moment . wendy you raise awareness by distribute button , sticker and leaflet . cartman that would be sweet ! we could try to bring back cheesy poofs ! kyle yeah , let 's make free terrance and Phillip button ! wendy you guy do not even care . all you care about be see terrance and Phillip fart on each other more . the boy sit there and blink . stan yeah ! wendy this be about freedom of speech , Stan , about censorship . the handsome English kid , Gregory chime in . gregory yes , what 's next ? barcode on we forearm ? this country be the most fascist of all . Wendy look at Gregory deeply . Gregory smile at she . stan what the hell be you talk about , kid ? wendy you do not get it Stan ... you just do not get it . Wendy walk away . stan what ? what do not I get ? ( to Kyle ) what do not I get ? kyle I do not know , dude . stan that british dickhole be what 's take Wendy away from I ! kyle I think she be not you girlfriend , dude . stan she 's not ! but if she be it would be that little asshole who 's fuck it up for I ! int . rehab CENTER - south park' betty ford CENTER the kid be all sit in row , wear very crude ' free terrance and Phillip ' button . mr. mackey mkay , child , you have all make terrific progress , and be hereby do with the eight step program . the kid all ad lib relief . cartman thank God , that suck ass . mr. mackey uh , except for you Eric . I be afraid you need to work more on not say the F word and the N word . cartman the N word ? mr. mackey ( reading ) norwegian ass raper . cartman oh yeah . mr. mackey the rest of you be graduate . you can go home today . the kid cheer . cartman I do not graduate ?! what the fuck be this ?! this be bullshit ?! just then , Mackey notice the little button on everybody 's shirt . mr. mackey free terrance and Phillip ? oh no ... mkay . kyle ( proudly ) we be protest ! stan yeah ! mr. mackey well , boy , it might interest you to know that you friend the Canadian have just bomb the U.S. stan they do ?! mr. mackey yes , at six this morning they bomb the heck out of Cleveland . kyle oh . that do not count . wendy they only bomb Cleveland because we be go to execute two of they citizen !! mr. mackey Wendy , mkay , if you want to start get political , I will throw you skinny little butt right back into rehab . mkay ? cartman how the fuck can you not graduate I ?! doe that mean I have to stay here ?! mr. mackey no , Eric ... I be afraid it 's phase two for you ... Dramatic music sting . int . hell - day Kenny be chain up in a torture chamber in Hell . demon and ghoul surround he . satan prepare thyself for unending pain ! unparallele misery !! Kenny start to cry . Saddam Hussein come out from behind Satan hold a martini . saddam hussein hey , relax Satan . do not get all work up . you be gonna give yourself a ulcer again . kenny mrph mprph !! saddam hussein what ? what do you mean you do not belong here ? relax guy , hell be for child . kenny mrph mprhm mm rmph ! saddam hussein a deal ? you wanna make a deal with the devil . well sure , deal be mound o' fun . satan ( to Saddam ) Saddam , would you let I do my job please ! saddam hussein hey relax , guy . let 's see what the kid want . kenny mph rmph rm rmph rmph rm ! saddam hussein oh , you want out of hell , huh ? satan well of course he want out of hell ! the whole point of hell be that you do not want to be here ! saddam hussein okay , kid , I have a deal for you ! if you want out of hell , all you have to do be collect 10 proofs of purchase from ' snacky smore . ' they be rich , chocolatey and really hit the spot . bring I ten proofs of purchase and we will grant you any wish you want . kenny mrph ? saddam hussein I would not bullshit you kid ! snacky smore be now available in store everywhere ! no biggie ! Saddam walk over to Kenny and release he chain . saddam hussein ( to Kenny ) well what be you wait for pal ?! get to it ! Kenny run out and away . saddam hussein ha ha haha !! what a dumbass !! Saddam walk over and join Satan on the couch . satan I do not see why you have to belittle I in front of people like that . saddam hussein hey , relax guy . it 's just a cruel joke . Rich , chocolatey snacky smore be only available up on Earth . he will never get them , see ? satan sometimes I just think you do not have any respect for I . saddam hussein hey , come here , guy . Saddam pull Satan around and plant a big wet kiss on he . saddam hussein who 's my cream puff ? satan I be . int . pta meeting - day a large crowd of parent have gather for a pta meeting . Kenny 's mother be at a table sell dead Kenny t-shirt . she have a shitload of money all around she . another mother walk up , hand Kenny 's mom money , and get a shirt . mother be that a new pearl bracelet , Mrs. mckormick ? kenny' mother why yes . yes it be . meanwhile , Kyle 's mother be on the stand . kyle's mother as we next official order of business here at m.a.c. , we will test the new V - chip . as most of you know , the v-chip be create to lock child out of watch certain show on television . and now the n.i.h. have create a new , exciting product that they can tell we all about . here be the surgeon General , Dr. pangloss . doctor pangloss , a lab technician in white take the podium . doctor pangloss thank you , parent . one person clap . pangloss hit a button and a slide projector start show picture of the device . doctor pangloss the machinery of the new ' V - chip ' be very simple , and similar to that of the V - chip . the chip be place just under the subject 's skin , where it emit a small but painful shock of electricity whenever a obscenity be uttere . the parent be fascinate . stan's father now wait a minute , be you tell we that this chip somehow know if the kid be swear ? doctor pangloss it 's just like a lie detector . certain thing happen in you when you swear just like when you lie , the chip pick up on this and give the subject a shock . the parent ad lib ' oooh ' and ' ahhhhs ' doctor pangloss we be very excited to see the result of this test . ( Calling ) patient 453 , would you step out here , please ? cartman step out wear a hospital gown . doctor pangloss patient 453 here have be fitte with the new v-chip ... cartman my head hurt . doctor pangloss do not worry about that . now , I want you to say ' doggy . ' cartman doggy . doctor pangloss notice that nothing happen . ( to cartman ) now say ' Montana . ' cartman Montana . doctor pangloss good. now ' pillow ' . cartman pillow . doctor pangloss alright , now I want you to say ' horsefucker . ' cartman look offstage to he mother . cartman' mother go ahead , it 's alright , Eric . cartman smile . cartman horsefuck - bzzzzzaaaat !!!! cartman agaahgahgah !!!!! cartman fall to the floor in pain . all the parent ooh and ahh and applaud . cartman ow !! that hurt GOD dammi - bazaaattt !! cartman ow !! you can 't do this to I !! this isn't fair !!! you son a bitche -- bazaaattt !! doctor pangloss success !! we device work perfectly ! we will begin mass production immediately ! kyle's mother and so we have succesfully remove the canadian smut from all of we child 's brain . we have make change at school to ensure that we kid be never again expose to smut !!!!!!! it 's over ! the crowd go wild . ext . school - day School be now naziesque . a military drum echoe in the distance . int . classroom - south park elementary - day Stan and Kyle be sit in they desk , wait for school to begin . Wendy walk by on she way to she desk . stan hi Wendy . wendy ( not even look ) hi Stan . Wendy walk on by . kyle wow , dude . Wendy could really give a rat ass about you . stan ( eye still on Wendy ) I bet she would if my name be gregory !! kyle good thing she be never you girlfriend ... dude , here come cartman . cartman walk in and gingerly sit down . kyle hey , cartman , do they put that V -chip in you head or you ass ? stan what 's the difference ? Stan and Kyle laugh . cartman very funny dickhead - bzzaat ! the v-chip shock cartman . cartman ow ! fuck - bzzzaaat !! cartman ay ! cartman be throw to the floor in a shiver heap . kyle whoa ! what the hell be that ?! stan dude ! it 's the v-chip ! it shock he ever time he cuss ! Stan and Kyle look at each other . Kyle smile . kyle hey cartman . cartman what ? kyle you know , I and Stan be just talk about what a fat fuck hunk o' fat fuck you be . cartman oh yeah ?! well you be a monkey - shit - bzaaat ! cartman shit - bzzzaaat !! cartman fuck - bzzaaat !! the cycle continue as Stan and Kyle laugh merrily watch cartman flopping around on the floor . kyle this be sweet !! stan totally ! garrison stand before he class . mr. garrison okay , child , let 's try a few new math problem . what be five time two ? the kid all just sit there . mr. garrison come on , child , do be shy , just give it you best shot . clyde raise he hand . mr. garrison yes , clyde ? clyde twelve ? mr. garrison okay , now let 's try to get a answer from somebody who 's not a complete retard . anyone ? come on do not be shy ... just then , the door burst open and in walk a couple of Nazi look american soldier . they walk over to the child and start pull off they ' free terrance and Phillip ' pin . stan hey , what be you do ? soldier you can not wear this in school . it 's against school policy , thank you . another solider rip off Kyle 's pin and replace it with a yellow star . kyle what 's that for ? soldier 2 you get a star for do well in school . just as quickly , the soldier make they way out the door . wendy nazis !! stan what 's the matter , Wendy ? wendy nothing , Stan . you would not understand . stan ( to Kyle ) God damn it , why do she keep say that ? int . cafeteria - day the boy be in line . nazi-ish soldier usher they through . stan I be so sick of this soldier . kyle yeah , they suck . cartman I know . always say , do this , do that . they think they be so cooool . ( to the soldier ) acht lieben kraft auct shpiler ! ( bzzzt ) ow !!! the soldier glare at he . the boy walk into the kitchen , where they be greet by they big , happy , black school chef ! chef hello there , child !! stan hey , chef . chef how would like some salisbury Steak with butter noodle ? kyle we can not , we be on a hunger strike . chef a hunger strike ? for what ? stan to free terrance and Phillip . cartman but you guy ... it 's salisbury steak . stan chef , do you know anything about woman ? chef ha ! be the Pope Catholic ? kyle I do not know . chef Children , I know all there be to know about woman . stan what 's the secret to make a woman happy ? chef ( dish out food ) oh that 's easy , you just gotta find the clitoris . stan huh ? suddenly , chef realize who he 's talk to . chef oops , I guess you have not get that far in you anatomy class , huh ? stan no , what do that mean , find the clitoris ? cartman be that like find Jesus or something ? now chef start to panic . chef uh ... nothing . forget I say anything . now move along , child ! you be hold up the line ! just then , the p.a. blare out a announcement . principal victoria ( o.s. ) attention all south park elementary student and staff ! report to the gymnasium immediately for a special announcement !! stan woa , I wonder what 's go on , dude . int . gymnasium - day all the elementary student be gather in front of a large television monitor . Mr. garrison and he class walk in and look confuse . the boy walk up to chef . principal victoria please take you seat , everyone !!!! they all go to they seat . kyle what 's go on , chef ? chef something big , child . the television go from that emergency broadcast signal to a scene of a news anchor sit at he desk . news anchor ( very serious ) this be a State of emergency . we go now to the White House for a very important announcement from the President of the United States . int . oval office - day the President be sit in a chair by the fireplace . president clinton lady and gentleman ... at five a.m. today , a day which will live in infamy ... sort of ... the U.S. have declare war on Canada . angle - kide they all stare in silence . Mr. garrison take a deep breath . chef oh , no ... mr. mackey I do not believe it . cartman Holy crap - ( bzzzt ! ) ow !! hey crap be not a swear word , what the fuck ?! ( zzzzzzttt ) agagagh !!! president clinton all Canadian be to leave the country immediately , or be subject to military camp . all canadian product be to be throw out . principal victoria how can they do this ? mr. garrison I never think there would be war again in my lifetime ... int . white house - day president clinton do not be afraid of this war . instead embrace it . we have God on we side . and besides , they be just Canadian , what the hell be they gonna do ? int . gymnasium - day everyone watch the television in stunne silence . stan chef , what do it mean that we be at war ? chef it 's ... it 's not good child . principal victoria what do we do ? do we go on as normal or ...? mr. garrison I do not know principal Victoria ... I do not know ... president and now , I would like to bring up the woman who lead , and be still lead the way in this glorious stand - kyle ( point to tv ) holy shit dude !! Kyle 's mom appear on the tv dress in military garb . president Mrs. Sheila brovlofski. chef be not that you mother , Kyle ? Kyle can not believe it . on the television , Kyle 's mother walk up to the podium . she be dress to the hilt . she hug the President and the first lady and then take a deep breath . kyle's mother my fellow Americans . I have lead this fight in the War against profanity . I have found mother against Canada . we neighbor to the north have abuse we for the last time . president as Commander in chief , I have order we Army to set up defensive position along the US - Canada border in anticipation of a attack . kyle's mother what about air strike ? president huh ? kyle's mother we have to have air strike on they military and entertainment center . it 's the only way to ensure that they smut can not reach american soil ! president oh , uh ... I do not know if air strike be necessary . kyle's mother not necessary ?! Mr. President , may I remind you that we country 's heart and soul be at stake , and we child 's mind be the battlefield ! the bastard Canadian want to fight we because we will not tolerate they potty mouth . well , if it be war they want ... then war they shall have !!! a huge eruption of cheer from the crowd in front of Kyle 's mother . she be obviously floor by it . she can not help but smile . she actually hold she head up higher , and then raise she arm up in two peace sign , as the cheer get louder . the president force a smile and actually applaud with the rest of the crowd . back in the gymnasium , Kyle look thoroughly embarrassed . chef damn , you mom 's a bitch , Kyle . cartman amen to that . int . hell - day Kenny be sadly walk around hell . he walk up to another one of hell 's prisoner . kenny mph rmph rm rmph rm ? GEORGE burn snacky smore ? why the hell would I have proofs of purchase from snacky smore ? beat it , kid . Kenny move along . he hear some voice come from a door . Kenny open the door and peep inside - int . satan' bedroom - kenny' Pov Saddam and Satan be lie in bed . saddam hussein you just get cranky when you be tired , that 's all . I tell you that you should not have try to carry that futon all by yourself . satan I be not cranky . and that futon be not too big to carry myself - just then , Satan hear a reporter on CNN . tv in war news , country from Europe and Asia be join side in the canadian - american War - saddam hussein - listen butterbun , let 's make love and forget about the whole thing - satan shhh !!!! tv ... the death count be already on its way to 10 million with no sign of slow down . what start as a spat between the United States and Canada be quickly turn into World War III - Kenny 's eye bulge , he want to see more , but Satan click off the television and sit up in bed . satan it have come to be ... the four horseman be draw nigh ! the time of the prophecy be upon we ! saddam hussein oh I love when you get all biblical Satan . you know exactly how to turn my crank ! satan no I be be serious ! that canadian entertainer be to be kill . it be the seventh sign . Satan walk over to large pedestal which hold a ancient tome . Satan turn the page as he talk . satan behold , the sign of my reign on earth be all fall into place ! the fall of a empire - he point to a ancient-look picture of the death of ceasar . satan - the come of a comet - he point to a picture of a comet pass by Earth . satan Jerry springer 's movie do more than ten million box office - a picture of Jerry springer hold a bunch of money . satan .... and now .... Satan point to a ancient draw on the wall . it look like terrance and Phillip be stab in the head . satan the seventh sign ! when the blood of this Canadian touch american soil ... it will be my time to rise !!!!! dramatic music . saddam hussein yeah ! yeah !!! man I be get so hot !!! satan do you always think about sex ? I be talk about some very important stuff here ! saddam hussein listen buttercup , let 's make love and forget about the whole thing . satan be sex the only thing that matter to you ? Saddam think for a second . saddam hussein I love you . Satan sit with he arm cross and a frown . saddam hussein you know I do . satan I know . saddam hussein so what do you say we shut off that light and get close , huh ? Satan reach over and turn off the light . everything go pitch black . the light go off of Kenny 's face as well . a beat . then , a small moan from Satan . saddam hussein yeah , you like that , do not you bitch ? ext . south park avenue - day Stan and Kyle be walk down South Park Avenue . Stan be read out of a huge book . kyle do it say what the clitoris be ? stan all it say be that it 's above the vulva ... but where the hell be the vulva ? kyle be not that in Arizona or something ? Stan and Kyle walk into the middle of town , where a huge bonfire of terrance and Phillip video , poster , and canadian item like syrup and hockey stick be burn away . the soldier throw Stan 's book on top of the pile , and it start to burn . Stan and Kyle walk up to where cartman be stand . stan what be this ? cartman they be burn all the canadian stuff cause of the war . stan that book be not canadian ! clyde , one of the kid from school , throw he terrance and Phillip doll into the burn mass . Kyle stop he on he way back . kyle dude , do not you like terrance and Phillip anymore ? clyde of course not ! we be at war ! my daddy say I hate Canadian now ! more kid line up to burn they terrance and Phillip stuff . several random mother from m.a.c. be stand in front of the bonfire with anti-canadian sign and t-shirt . the boy ' parent be not around , but another mac mother be lead the charge . mac mother that's it ! burn everything canadian !!! make our country decent again for our child !!! a townsperson throw alanis morisette album into the fire . another townsperson run up and throw in a bag of cheesy poofs . cartman nnoooo !!!! what be you do ?! oh , why GOD , why ?! cartman fall to he knee and cry as the cheesy poofs burn away . cartman this be all cause of you mom , Kyle . she 's such a bitch - ( bbbzaatt !! ) agh !! I mean - she 's such a ... meanie . kyle and she 's get worse ... stan dude ... be not that you brother ? Kyle look to where a group of big , mean fifth grader have encircle ike . fifth grader why do not you go back to you own country , canadian ! fifth grader 2 yeah , go eat some potato and ride donkey ! ike eee todo ba ! Kyle 's eye grow wide . he dash over . kyle hey ! leave he alone ! fifth grader it 's just a smelly canadian . they be like rat . kyle he 's my brother ! fifth grader you do not look canadian . kyle he 's adopt ! Kyle pick he brother up and try to protect he . fifth grader well you better get he beady eye canadian ass out of America before my daddy find he !! the boy watch in horror as the fifth grader run over and throw more canadian item into the fire . kyle it 's only a matter of time before my mom have he burn too ! stan what have the world come to ? this be horrible . we be lock up , burn book , hat other people - cartman - no cheesy poofs . stan - no cheesy poofs ... what the hell be happen ? dramatic music begin . kyle I do not know . but it have go far enough ! I be sick of it ! ( sing ) something must be do ! Change have get to come around ! they be take all we laughter and burn it to the ground ! can not you see what this be lead to ? a world of chain and tie and glue ! we have to fight before they have take every one ! something must be do ! stan I agree ! the only way to save we future be to unite and fight ! ( sing ) something must be do ! we must take action fast ! my parent have get so strict they forget they be child in the past ! cartman and my mom have become so bu-sy that she 's raise heck and ignore I I agree that there be now a battle to be win ! something must be do ! stan but what be we go to do against this entire army ? kyle we have gotta get the word out . we will get on my dad 's computer and use the internet ! come on you guy ! the boy proudly head down the street . boy something must be do ! something 's gotta give ! this world have become a bitch in which we have no desire to live ! ( * note - cartman get shocked again on ' bitch ' ) boy we have push it to the edge and now the time have come ! something 's gotta change ! something must be do ! something must be do !!! int . kyle's house - kyle's dad' office Kyle be at the keyboard of he dad 's computer . Stan and cartman be wait in the background . kyle okay ... I just need to find a few private message board ... stan wait ! before we put a message out , do a search on the word ' clitoris ' . kyle okay ... Kyle type in the word and hit return . kyle ( reading the screen ) " found eight million page with the Word clitoris " ! stan wow ! kyle I will just try the first one . Kyle click the mouse . they wait for the screen to load . finally , it do . kyle dude ! it 's a lady give a blow job to a horse ! Stan and cartman rush over . stan be it cartman 's mom ? cartman very funny ! kyle hey ... it be cartman 's mom !! cartman look at the screen . cartman oh , son of a bitch ! ( zzap !!) aaghgh !! I mean , son of a biscuit ! stan maybe that be who you father be , cartman ! ike bounce in , happily . ike ber dada ! kyle get out of here ike , you be too young for this stuff ! ike papa mama simi . ike bounce out . cartman come on , just get to the message board ! kyle I be try , I can not find a canadian server ... I have get to break into the main frame ... Kyle furiously hit a bunch of key . kyle damn it ! they have get a access code ! I will try to reroute the encryption ... Kyle furiously hit a bunch more key . stan dude , do you know what you be do ? kyle no , dude , all you have to do be hit the key really fast and say a bunch of stupid shit and it work . just then the screen pop up . access grant . kyle bingo . okay , here we go ... ( type ) want to help terrance and Phillip ? meet we for a meeting at gladdy 's barn tomorrow night ... cartman tell them we will have pie and punch . kyle we be not gonna have pie and punch ! cartman more people will come if they think there will be pie and punch ! kyle ( type ) pie and punch ... this be top secret . the password be ... the boy all think ... stan ( dramatically ) La resistance . triumphant music cue . int . kyle's attic the door to the attic pop open . Kyle shove ike up into the attic . kyle you stay up here in the attic , ike . do not make any noise or nothing , okay ? ike uhh ... kyle goodnight , ike , we be all go to bed . the door close and it be dark . ike blink . he look out a small window , onto the street below . a few armed soldier walk by . ike pull out a little plastic harmonica and sadly start to play . int . pentagon - night ton of military personnel be run to and for . giant computer screen show Canada 's latest attack . secretary of defense Sir ! the Canadian have destroy Des Moines !! president how can you tell ? everyone laugh merrily . secretary of defense good one , sir ! suddenly , a pentagon guy run up to the President , hold some papers . pentagon guy Sir , we be tracking a signal crossing into canadian computer ! it look like we may have a resistance movement start ... the President grab the papers and dash over to Kyle 's mother , who be stand there look smug , with she arm behind she back and she chest out . she have a few military badge on she . president ( show she the papers ) ma'am , we be tracking a resistance ... it 's probably canadian spy !! kyle's mother well find out where that signal be come from ! then hunt they down like dog ! any and all canadian influence must be stop at all cost ! president yes mar 'am ! the President start to run off . kyle's mother and Bill ? president yes ? kyle's mother I be need lunch . president right away , mar 'am ! the president run off . ext . cartman' house - night establish . radio announcer ( v.o. ) and so the draft will begin tomorrow , as more and more troops be need to fight the canadian force ... int . cartman' house - night cartman 's mother be tucking he into bed . radio announcer ( v.o. ) what be quickly be refer to as ' the great canadian - american War ' have already reach a death toll of two million . cartman 's mother reach over and switch off the radio . cartman' mother goodnight , honey . cartman Mom ... when be the war gonna be over ? cartman' mother I do not know honey . soon we hope . you want it to end quickly , huh ? cartman oh , I do not care , I be just ask cuz all my favorite tv show have be replace by news and it 's pissing I off . cartman' mother oh . with that , cartman 's mother get up - cartman Mom ... cartman' mother yes , hon ? cartman if you go down on a horse ... you would tell I , right ? cartman' mother sure , hon . goodnight . she switch off the light , and leave . cartman lie there , light only by soft , blue moonlight and think . he hear a scraping noise , and look a little scared , but then try to close he eye to sleep . cartman go away , scary noise . again the scraping . cartman pop open hs eye to see - kenny ! he be transparent and float above cartman 's bed . cartman be horrify . too much so to even scream . Kenny put he hand to he mouth to try and speak , but he make no sound . finally , cartman let out a pierce cry . cartman 's mother come run in , just as the image of Kenny disappear . cartman' mother Eric ?! Eric , what be it ?! cartman I see he !! I see Kenny !! cartman 's mother look around and see nothing . finally , she just cradle cartman 's fat head in she arm . cartman' mother oh you poor dear . you have be through so much ... cartman I bet he he could not set himself on fire and now he 's all piss off !! ( bzztzt ! ) agh ! I can not say piss off ?! ( bazztzt !!) agh !! int . hell - day ( move ) Kenny be again snooping around . he quietly creak Satan 's door open and walk in . Satan be in he room , look at a map of Earth . satan the execution of terrance and Phillip be imminent , soon all hell shall rise !! Kenny look scared . satan ( evil and scary ) be you afraid , little one ? afraid for the soul of you pitiful friend that - suddenly , Saddam walk in carry some bag . saddam hussein hey Satan ! I get some great new home furnishings today ! Satan roll he eye and sigh . his attempt to be evil to Kenny be squash again . saddam hussein Boy buddy Rich , it be a bitch to get something to match with that bathroom tile ! Saddam look at Kenny . saddam hussein oh , hey kid . find that proofs of purchase yet ? no ?! gee , whatta surprise ! well , keep lookin ! a beat . Satan fold he arm and look at the floor , piss . satan do you wanna know what I do today ? Saddam let out a sigh . saddam hussein what do you do today Satan ? satan you do not care . saddam hussein hey fella ! relax ! this whole armageddon thing have get you all stress out . let 's make love . satan do you remember when you first get here ? we use to talk all night long . until the sun come up ... we would just lie in bed and talk . saddam hussein that 's because I want to fuck you , dumbass ! now how aboot you get that pants down ! satan do not call I dumb ! saddam hussein I mean cute dumb . now bend over ! as this conversation happen , Kenny 's eye dart back and forth as if watch a tennis match . satan how come you always want to make love to I from behind ? be it because you want to pretend I be somebody else ? Saddam sigh . saddam hussein Satan , you ass be gigantic and red , who be I gonna pretend you be ? helen reddy ? a beat . saddam hussein come on , kid . help I with this shower curtain . Saddam and Kenny walk out . leave Satan all alone with sad music play . satan ( gently ) sometimes I think when I look up real high that there 's a whole world up there and just maybe it could be mine but then , I sink because it 's here I be suppose to stay but I do not even know how or why its suppose to be that way - Satan walk to he veranda . satan up there , there be so much room where baby burp and flower bloom everyone dream I can dream too up there , up where the sky be ocean blue I could be safe and live without a care ... up there Satan walk over to a bright blue globe and spin it slowly . satan they say I do not belong that my place be down below because of my belief I be suppose to stay where evil be sewn but what be evil anyway ? be there reason to the rhyme ? without evil there could be no good so it must be good to be evil sometimes up there , there be so much room where baby burp and flower bloom . everyone dream I can dream too up there , up where the sky be ocean blue I could be safe and life without a care ... up there pull back , big crane shot rise above Satan . ext . SMALL abandoned build - night a dim light be all that be visible from inside the small building . int . LA resistance - night Stan and Kyle be painting a sign on the wall ' La resistance ' . cartman come run in , he look scared . kyle you be late , cartman ! cartman I have to ride my bike here . my behind be kill I . kyle you behind ? cartman I have to say ' behind ' ! I get shocked if I say ' ass - ( bbzzaatt ) ow !!! kyle do you bring the pie and punch ? cartman no you guy ... something happen ... you guy wanna hear something creepy ? ( look over each shoulder ) I do not think Kenny be dead . stan what ? cartman I see he last night ! kyle I know cartman , I know . I see Kenny every day . cartman you do ?! kyle sure , dude . on the face of every child , on the smile of every baby ... Kyle and Stan laugh again . cartman hey ! I be tell you this be Kenny ! I think he 's haunt I . knock knock knock ! the boy all look scared . kyle somebody 's here ... the boy walk over to the door , and open the slide panel in front of they eye . kyle who be it ? voice uhh ... I be here for La resistance . kyle what 's the password ? voice uhh ... I do not know . kyle guess . voice uhh ... Bacon . kyle okay . Kyle open the door . the golden haire young boy from rehab stand there look handsome and angelic . gregory Viva la resistance . stan oh no , it 's that kid . gregory this be the place -- another kid walk up next to Gregory , it 's Wendy . Stan 's eye grow wide . stan Wendy ? wendy Stan ?! you start La resistance ? gregory well , apparently you have a bigger heart than we think . let we get this meeting underway , there be other come . Gregory take Wendy 's hand and push he way in . Stan fume . int . LA resistance - later now the room be fill with a bunch of scared look resistance follower . all of whom be under the age of twelve . the room be light only by candlelight . and the large ' viva LA resistance ' banner hand on the wall . Stan and Kyle look nervous . stan everyone be seat , please . the kid all sit down . kyle wow , a lot of people show up . stan yeah , so what do we say ? kyle I think you have something plan . stan I ?! Stan look out over the face . Gregory check he watch . stan ( nervous ) Kay . uh ... terrance and Phillip be suppose to be kill , and we think that suck ass !! the kid do not respond . Stan shoot a nervous look at Wendy , who be sit next to Gregory . stan uhh ... so we think we should prank call a bunch of policeman ! we can have pizza send to they that they do not order ! viva LA resistance !!! again no response . Gregory roll he eye . stan uhh ... Gregory stand up . gregory May I ? stan what ? Gregory take Stan 's place at the front of the group . gregory terrance and Phillip be currently be hold at a canadian internment camp two kilometer outside of town . they be to be execute tomorrow during a star-studded uso show for the troops . Gregory pull a big map out of nowhere and roll it out . Stan and Kyle can not believe it . gregory we must sneak into the camp through this duct , freeing terrance and Phillip inside ... the war be escalate , and the american force be prepare for a large scale attack on Canada . that mean the time be now ... kyle wow , dude , Wendy 's new guy be smart . Stan shoot Kyle a dirty look . gregory this be a dangerous mission , so I will go myself . Wendy smile at Gregory . stan no ! everyone look at Stan . stan we 're go ! we start La resistance to save terrance and Phillip ! we be go ! gregory this will be very dangerous ... be you quite sure ? cartman fuck that ! ( bzzt ) agagh !! stan we be go ... let 's run through the plan !! int . south park - american army headquarters a huge hall be fill with hundred of soldier in different battalion . we see we regular : Mr. garrison with a uniform Mr. hat , Mr. Mackey , jimbo and ned , bo , pip , Stan 's grandfather , Jesus , Officer barbrady .... jimbo oh , I be so glad there 's a war again . I be gettin ' worried I would never see another one ! ned I know what you mean . jimbo and they be give all we troops a big uso tomorrow with celebrity and execution ! pan over to Mr. garrison . mr. garrison you look great in you new uniform Mr. hat . mr. hat you do too , Mr. garrison . mr. garrison Boy , I can not wait for we first shore - leave so I can go get I some poontang . chef sit down in a seat behind garrison near the back . general plymkin , a gruff old army type with bug eye , step up to a podium and address the troops . general plymkin pay attention ! the crowd settles down . general plymkin it 's no secret that the evil canadian federation have score major victory all over the United State . we have bring you here because you be America 's best , and last hope . another general lean over to plymkin and whisper in he ear . general plymkin oh ... apparently you be not the best , you be simply the last . anyway , let 's strategize ... map ! a large , holographic 3 - D map of South Park spring up in front of he . he walk around it point out thing with a laser-pointer . general plymkin we source have tell we that the Canadian might try to attach tomorrow 's uso show and stop we from execute terrance and Phillip . he point to a spot on the 3 - D map . general plymkin now each battalion have a specific code - name and mission . battalion 5 , raise you hand - chef be in battalion 5 and dutifully raise he hand . then he look around and notice to he surprise that everybody else in he section be also African american . general plymkin you will be the all - important first defense wave , which we will call ' operation human Shield ' . chef hey , wait a minute ... general plymkin now keep in mind , ' operation human Shield ' will suffer heavy loss . but do not lose you spirit man ! stay until the bitter end . battalion 14 ? a bunch of white guy raise they hand . general plymkin right , you be ' operation get behind the darky ' . you will follow battalion 5 here - he point to a spot on the 3 - D map . general plymkin - and try not to get kill for God 's sake . be there any question man ? chef raise he hand . general plymkin yes soldier ? chef have you ever hear of the emancipation proclamation ? general plymkin I do not listen to hip -hop . chef scowl . general plymkin if you somehow live , we will regroup on this hill outside -- suddenly , the 3 - D hologram start to flicker and fizzle . general plymkin now what 's wrong with this thing ? General plymkin mess with the control . general plymkin Fucking window 98 ! General plymkin have pull the plug . he stand there with the cord in he hand . general plymkin get gate in here !!! bill gate walk in , escort by two military guard . general plymkin you told US window 98 would be faster and more efficient with better access to the internet !!! bill gate it be faster , over five million -- plymkin pull out a gun and shoot he in the head . Gates fall to the floor , dead . general plymkin alright man , get lot of rest , and prepare thyselves for battle ! int . LA resistance - night in the dead of night , the kid be all in a circle discuss the plan . gregory ... after you clear this zone here , rendezvous behind this ridge where terrance and Phillip should be hold . kyle gotcha . gregory you be indeed brave , but you will need someone who 's do this sort of thing before . mole ! suddenly , a bump in the ground start to move forward , leave a trail behind it . ( like bug bunny before he pop out ) the bump come to a stop at the child 's foot and out pop the mole . he be a very bitter little nine year old french kid with a thick french accent . voice oui ? gregory thank you for come , mole . the mole so ... we must free more canadian prizoner ? kyle yeah , I guess . the mole America ... she iz a beetch that sheet on she own child . Stan and Kyle look at each other confuse . gregory this be the mole . he will accompany you to the prison where terrance and Phillip be . he be a expert in covert operation and a lifelong fighter for freedom . the mole freedom ... it 's like cow 's urine pour down you troat . you wonder ' do I want this ? ' I be thersty ... but it 's urine . everyone stare at the mole . gregory good luck Stan , I will make sure Wendy be ... keep safe ? Stan get piss . kyle give I terrance and Phillip or give I death !!! other yea !!! now , Gregory break into song . his voice be absolutely gorgeous and deep . he put he hand on Stan 's shoulder . gregory God have smile upon you this day the fate of a nation in you hand ... Stan and Kyle look at each other . they can not believe how good this guy 's voice be . Wendy appear enthralled . gregory as brother and sister we unite and behind you we shall fight ! until only the most righteous belief stand ! the music build . Gregory get up on a soapbox . gregory do you see the distant flame ? they bellow in the night fight in all we name for what we know be right and if you all get shot and cannot carry on though you die , La resistance life on ! kyle what ? shot ? Kyle and the boy look a little worried , as other kid join in the song . kide you might get stab in the head by a dagger or a sword you might be burn to death or skinned alive or worse ! gregory but when they torture you you will not feel a need to run for though you die , La resistance live on ! kide do you hear the beat drum ? it be we heart all join to one it be the music of we soul know we have much to overcome ! as the song continue we - CUT to : ext . uso show - night the mac mother be on a stage , prepare two electric chair . kyle's mother something must be do ! tomorrow it will be ! we be go to execute this threat to we democracy ! all the mother join in as they decorate the chair with american flag . Kenny 's mother be count money she have make from sell t-shirt . m.a.c . mother and after that we kid will be safe from all the canadian scum ! the time be now the time be here tomorrow something will be do ! the song still continue as we CUT to : ext . hell - continuous Satan stand on he veranda . satan I want to be part of that world ! but if only I have the strength to go without he ... if only I have the strength to leave he behind ... get on with my life in that world ... start over as part of that world ... CUT to : int . military barracks - continuous the soldier , include garrison , Mackey , ned and jimbo be in they bunk . soldier tomorrow we face we destiny ! tomorrow we fight to keep we country free ! death to Canada ! death to they all ! like we forefather we shall answer the call ! pan down to chef 's bunk where he be lie naked with a hot chick . as usual , chef sing a song that have absolutely no relevance to what 's go on . chef ( stroke woman 's arm ) baby you thigh sparkle like diamond baby you butt be tender like the night I can see by the look in you pants that you want to treat I right . I will whisper sweet nothing in you cleavage and you can kiss I gently with you tongue and I will make love to you so deeply that you will feel pressure clear up to you lung . meanwhile , the soldier continue they song . soldier something must be do ! something 's gotta give ! tomorrow we will be free or we will no longer live ! CUT to : int . military prison - continuous terrance and Phillip be chain to the wall in a dark , dirty prison cell . two armed american soldier be torture terrance and Phillip with hot iron , as terrance and Phillip sing - terrance &amp ; phillip shut you fuck face unclefucka ! you be a ass raping cock suck unclefucka !!! CUT to : ext . LA resistance - continuous the kid be all gather together , finish they song . one kid grab a large flag and start swirl it around . kide let it echo through the night ! let it reach the ear of everyone ! though we die La resistance life on ! though we die La resistance life onnnn !!!!! ah- ahhhh !!! fade out . ext . south park avenue all the South Park man be in the rank and file march down the street . officer ( sing ) I do not know but I have be tell - soldier I don't know but I 've be told ! they pass Kyle 's house . int . kyle's house - attic ike watch the soldier march from he little attic window . officer ( o.s. ) canadian pussy be mighty cold ! soldier ( o.s. ) canadian pussy be mighty cold ! ike blink . do he understand they ? he pick up a small book and start to write in it . int . hell - day Satan pace back and forth in hell . satan this be it ! World War Three be at hand ! the millennium near ! Satan cross to one of he small demon . satan prepare the minion for the rise of gothos ! the demon dash off . saddam hussein this be so exciting ! let 's fuck ! Satan sigh and bow he head . satan this be the millennium , Saddam ! this be armageddon ! there 's more to life than sex ! saddam hussein hey , relax guy ! satan well I just want you to be impressed with what I do . I want you to respect my mind . saddam hussein I do respect you mind ! it turn I on ! it make I wanna fuck the shit out of you ! do not you see ? music begins . saddam hussein ( sing ) hey guy , relax , put out you gotta put out for I ! I be just a man with need and right now I need you generosity ! I love you eye , you nose and lip so drop that pants and do some dip come on guy , you gotta relax relax , put out for I ! Kenny look confuse . satan what if I , do not wanna put out ? that 's all you ever say relax put out I be a live creature , I have feeling too , I do not need this abuse from you - saddam hussein hey , guy , relax , put out ! you gotta relax , shut you mouth - baby I would do anything for ya ! now do not make I smack you in the eye like last time - Kenny keep watch as Saddam throw on a shakey 's hat and do a quick softshoe . Satan roll he eye . saddam hussein I get what I want , and what I want be for youuuuu toooo put ooooout !!! Saddam finish the song and satanhang he head . satan what if I just leave ? saddam hussein where be you gonna go , bitch ? besides , you know that if you leave I , I would hunt you down and kill you , right ? I be gonna go grab a drink . Saddam leave . Satan look about to cry , but then notice Kenny still stand there . satan what be you do ?! get on with you misery ! kenny mph rmph rm rmph rm ? satan him ? I do not know ... he can be nice ... sometimes . kenny mph rmph rm rmph rm . satan what do you mean ?! I could leave he if I want to ! kenny mph rm . rmph rm rmph rm . Satan lower he head . slowly he start to cry . Kenny walk over and pat he on the back . ext . military compound tents and makeshift building be line up against the mountain . jeeps and tank buzz to and for . there 's a huge stage which be set up with thousand of seat . there 's a giant banner read " uso show tonight !!!!! " load of soldier file into they seat . announcer alright you man ! the uso show be about to start !! the military man go wild . announcer get ready for load of entertainment and fabulous celebrity ! to be follow immediately by the swift and nasty execution of terrance and elroy ! the crowd go crazy again . ext . internment camp - behind the uso show - dusk right out of Nazi Germany . barb wire , guard , the whole bit . angle on boy they be on they back , shimmy along the ground underneath the blanket of razor - wire that be set up around the camp . the mole use the bolt -cutter to cut the wire as he go , clear a path for Stan , Kyle and cartman . the mole be careful not to touch this wire - a wire catch on cartman 's arm and snap against he face . cartman ow ! motherfucker ! bzzaaaat !!! cartman fuc - Stan shove he hand over cartman 's mouth , leave cartman to cuss bloody murder into Stan 's glove . cartman mphmph mphmphmph !!! bzaat ! cartman mmmppphhh !!! finally they clear the fence and lie down in view of the camp . the mole it sound like the uso show have start . we have precious little time ... Kyle look at the horrible concentration camp . kyle oh my God ... the mole God ? ... let I tell you something about God ... he be ze biggest bitch of zem all . Kyle look at the mole , oddly . stan how be we ever gonna find they ? the mole whip out some night vision goggle . angle on interment camp through night vision goggle the mole inspect the camp . he see a guard on a guard tower . then he pan over to a bunch of Canadian stand in a line in rag . the mole quickly click the magnification to high so we see the sadden face of the Canadian . kyle do you see they ? do you see terrance and Phillip ? the mole no . Zey must have zem inside . we will have to dig . kyle that 's gonna take a long time ! the mole time ? do time matter to the revolutionist who be force to eat they own shit while die in the dungeon of ze King ? the boy think . ext . uso show - day helicopter zoom over the makeshift stage like the uso show in apocalypse now . group of soldier cheer as a helicopter approach the landing platform and touch down . the US army man cheer . the mother take the stage , and Kyle 's mother speak into the microphone . behind she be a huge american flag . she be wear a army helmet . this be right out of ' patton ' . kyle's mother lady and gentleman of the american war effort , we salute you ! a big cheer go through the crowd . Kyle 's mother feel the power , and lift she head high . she start to pace back and forth on the stage as she speak , become more and more pattonlike . kyle's mother tomorrow you will be risk you life so that we child will have a better future ... God bless you man . and God bless this filth free nation . many of you will die . die like blood bath pig . so tonight , we at mac present a night of a hundre star ! now without further ado , I give you ... out of the helicopter emerge a battalion of the best and brightest star that the american show biz industry have to offer . kyle's mother pint size pixie and darling of the indie movie scene , winona Ryder ! she gesture grandly to the helicopter where winona Ryder emerge and run to center stage and wave to the audience . she look like a strung out coke addict ; because she be . winona ryder hi guy ! I be t.v. 's winona Ryder ! one guy clap . winona ryder I want you all to know I be super psyched to be here today . you guy rock . what you be do for we country so sooo cool . it 's so real . I have be act since I be twelve and I can not distinguish between make believe and real life . winona fall down . but get back up immediately . winona ryder and then I confuse I real life with my big-screen one . and sure , people get hurt , and I be sorry about that but Christ , look at I . it 's not my fault that I can get any guy I want . and that 's reality to I . but you guy ... wow . I mean , war , man . Fucking war . it do not get any more real -- now , this one go out to you . she cue the band which have be assemble from the same helicopter . Jazz music start up . it 's ' New York , New York ' . the troops look confuse . winona ryder you know what I be gonna do for you now , do not you ? ' New York , New York ' continue to play . winona ryder wrong ! ( sing ) the bell be ringin ' for I and my gal ! the bird be singin ' for I and my gal !- int . underground tunnel - below the uso show the mole be digging frantically while the boy follow on all four . cartman hold a flashlight . cartman dude , this be seriously lame . I do not know we be gonna get all dirty and stuff . the mole sheet ! stan what be it ? the mole bedrock ! I can not dig any further in zis direction ! stan we be go to die here like baby mouse who have have no milk in day . dry up into crunchy little pinkie . the boy stare . a beat . the mole or , we can dig up . the mole start digging up towards the ground . ext . inside the prison camp mole pop he head out of the ground . immediately , a search light pass over the hole . the mole sheet ! mole duck , just avoid the light . slowly , the boy ' head appear from the hole . the whole camp be in front of they . there be a huge barbedwire fence on one side ( the side they just dig from ) a dozen armed guard with huge doberman patrol the grounds with howitzer . it do not look good . the mole move ! move ! one by one , the mole , Stan , Kyle , and cartman pop out of the ground , and run for a nearby building . once at the building , they all duck to avoid the search light . the mole okay .... the Americans must be hold terrance and Phillip in one of that bunker . we will split up here . let 's synchronize watch ! the other look at each other . kyle we do not have watch . a beat . the mole you do not have watch ? stan dude , you do not say anything about watch . the mole what do you think this be kid ? lick barney the dinosaur 's pussy fuck kiddie hour ? huh ? this be real life with consequence you take to the grave ! kyle dude , we do not have watch . the mole sheet . do you bring ze mirror ? stan get it . the mole and ze rope ? stan check . the mole and the butfor ? kyle what 's a butfor ? the mole for poop , silly . a beat ... then mole take a long drag off he cigarette and slowly blow the smoke . the mole now listen carefully . Stan and Kyle , you stand watch here and await my return . if any guard come by , make a sound like a die giraffe . kyle what 's a die giraffe sound like ? the mole ( put he hand to he mouth ) gwpaapa . gwpaapa . kyle Kay . the mole turn to cartman . the mole cartman , over zere , be the electrical box . you must sneak over zere and shut it off before I return with terrance and Phillip or the alarm will sound and I will be shot full of hole . get it ? cartman okay . the mole you must shut off the power , this be very important do you understa - cartman I heard you the first time ! i'm not lou ferigno for pete' sake ! cartman storm off . the mole I will tunnel my way into ze building , and find ze prisoner . the mole start to dig . kyle be careful , dude . the mole careful ? be my mother careful when she stab I in the heart with a clothes hanger while I be still in ze womb ? and with that , the mole quickly start to tunnel he way underground . stan damn , dude , that kid be fuck up . ext . stage - night back on stage at the uso show . winona Ryder be just finish up she song . winona ryder ( sing ) .... it 's a hell of a town ! and that 's my New York melodyyyyyy !!!! the band finish with a flourish . winona take a bow . one person in the entire audience clap . kyle's mother let 's hear it again for the one and only winona Ryder !!! the same guy clap again . one clapping guy we love you , winona ! everybody else in the audience just stare at he . kyle's mother next up we have a special treat ... please welcome , direct from Vegas - big gay al' big gay experience !!! the place go wild as Big Gay Al walk out on stage . winona fume in the wing . random soldier this guy be the coolest ! random soldier 2 totally man ! the back curtain go up to reveal a tropical jungle set complete with a waterfall , hippos , monkey and hundred of colorfully dress dancer . big gay al how we all feel tonight ?! between the cheer , we hear a throng of " happy ! " . now the place be rock !! everybody love Big Gay Al ! winona can not believe it . big gay al I can not hear you ... crowd happy !!! big gay al Friends , you know why I be here ... I be here to teach tolerance !! the crowd cheer . big gay al I be here to say that we be all people under God , and we should embrace , and accept we difference !! the crowd cheer louder . big gay al and that mean we should love canadian too !! the entire place go incredibly quiet . you can hear a pin drop . silence ... deafen silence ... big gay al just kidding !! fuck ' em !!! slow music swell in . Big Gay Al saunter around the stage and start to sing . big gay al ( sing ) bomb be fly people be die Children be cry politician be lie too Cancer be kill texaco be spilling the whole world 's go to hell but how be you ? suddenly , Big Gay Al be wear a big feathery outfit and all he dancer dash to he side . big gay al I be super ! thanks for ask ! all thing consider I be do super I must say ! very peachee nothing bug I ' Cause everything be super when you be - do not you think I look cute in this hat ? the crowd be absolutely confuse . big gay al I be so sorry , Mr. cripple but I just can not feel bad for you right now because I be feel so insanely super that even see you in that chair can not bring I down ! ext . internment camp - another area cartman be by himself , slowly move from building to building . he be scared out of he mind . cartman ( imitating the mole ) shut of ze power , cartman . Zis be very important , cartman ... stupid british piece of shi - ( bazzt ! ) ow ! he approach the electrical box . just as he 's about to open it , two armed american soldier round the corner . cartman get scared and hide in the shadow . the soldier continue walk ... american soldier dude , if I be gay , I would be just like Big Gay al ! american soldier 2 I too !! ... and pass a terrify cartman . ext . internment camp - stan and kyle's area the boy be wait , bored , for the mole to return . kyle I do not think he 's come back , dude . just then , we hear the mole return from he hole . he be carry the ticket guy from the movie theater . ticket guy oh thank you ! thank you for get I out of there !! they lock I up for sell movie ticket to minor ! the mole be this one of zem ? kyle no ! that 's not terrance or Phillip ! the mole oh ... alright , back you go . the mole take the ticket guy back through the hole . ticket guy no! please ! I do not want to go back !! the boy sit back down and wait again . ext . uso show / stage - continuous meanwhile , Big Gay Al 's song continue - big gay al I be super ! thanks for ask ! all thing consider I be do better than okay ! feeling peach nothing bug I everything be super when you be - do not you think I look cute in this hat and my little shoe and this match tie that I get at merv 's ? the chorus guy all pick Big Gay Al up and dance around with he on stage . chorus he 's super ! thanks for ask ! all thing consider he be better than okay ! and it 's peachee , nothing bug he everything be super when you be - let 's fight fight fight against Canada today !!!!!! the song end and everyone erupt into applause . int . hell - day Satan be look into a large , oracle - like ball . Saddam be not around , but a few demon and Kenny be hang out . satan the execution be go to happen any moment ... we must prepare . the demon make excited noise . kenny mph rmph rm ! satan get everyone in hell ready . when the blood of terrance and Phillip spill , the day be ours ! two of the demon head for Satan 's room . satan no! not Saddam . do not wake he ... uh ... I will tell he ... Satan walk to the bedroom . ext . internment camp - electrical BOX area cartman approach the electrical box nervously -- look all around for soldier . he open the door to the electrical box and see a large switch label on and off . he reach to turn off the switch when he feel a tap on he shoulder . cartman jump . cartman agh !!! then turn and karate- chop in one spastic flurry to see - kenny !! cartman Son of a gun ! heck ! Kenny 's ghost be again float in front of cartman . Kenny again struggle to speak . cartman go away , kenny ! it be not my gosh darn fault ! kenny mph rmprmmh rm !! cartman I do not have proofs of purchase from snacky smore , Kenny ! kenny mph rmph rmph rmph rm !!! cartman agagah !! cartman run off , leave the power completely on . int . kyle's house - attic - night ike be still just sit quietly in the dark attic . suddenly , the attic door burst open ! american soldier found one ! other soldier file into the attic and grab ike by the arm . american soldier yep , that 's a canadian alright . ike sibi mammama . the american soldier pick up ike . american soldier so , think you could hide from we , do you ?! take he away ! the soldier drag ike down the stair . american soldier 2 Sir , look at this ! ( holding up a book ) he be write some kind of diary ... american soldier Diary ? what do it say ? american soldier 2 ( reading ) Cookie monster . banana . sweep , move music sting . ext . internment camp - stan and kyle's area Kyle be patiently await mole 's return . kyle damn it ! come on , mole we be run out of time ! Kyle spin around when he hear someone come . but it 's only cartman . he 's panting heavily . cartman you guy ! seriously ! you guy ! kyle what cartman ?! cartman Kenny ! I see Kenny again ! stan oh , brother . kyle do you shut the alarm off , cartman ? cartman stop breathe heavily and think . kyle cartman ?! cartman whoops . just then , all the alarm in the place go off . kyle oh shit ! from the distance , the boy hear gunshot . suddenly , the mole pop out of the hole . the boy see that the mole have be shot up badly . the mole Ze alarm ! Zey go off ! cartman yeah ... that be my bad , sorry . as shout and running footstep draw closer , the mole lay down and begin to die in Kyle 's arm . the mole please ... do not let ze resistance die ... Gentle music begin . the mole now the light , she fade and darkness close in but I will find strength I will find pride within because although I die we freedom will be win though I die Ze resistance live on ... the Music fade away , as the mole cough up some blood . the mole it 's so very cold ... kyle we can not leave without you ! the mole it 's okay , I be do for . kyle no , I mean we can't leave without you - we do not know where the hell we be !! the mole cough up more blood . the mole where be you God when you need he ? where be you beautiful , merciful faggot now ? the mole die . kyle shit ! voice freeze !! the boy look up to see three large marine point gun at they . Stan make a run for it . he dash off at full speed . kyle run , Stan !! one of the soldier fire at he . pwang ! pwang ! but Stan disappear into the night . pentagon guy forget he ! the night will swallow he up . marine you be under arrest ! cuff them ! kyle what ? pentagon so this must be the resistance the pentagon have be tracking ! cartman oh , son of a bitch ... ext . uso show - night Kyle 's mother , and the other mother of mac , take the stage again . kyle's mother and now , for we big finale , the moment you have all be waiting for !!! terrance and Phillip be wheeled out onto the stage . terrance oh , Phillip . this can not be good . phillip I know , terrance . this be quite the shitstorm we have find ourselves in this time . from the other side , Kyle 's mom appear with a couple of official look military people . the crowd cheer . kyle's mom it be my pleasure to present to you , the execution of terrance and phillip !!! the crowd cheer . kyle's mom strap they in ! terrance and Phillip be then greet by the executioner , don in a black hood . the scary giant executioner grab terrance and Phillip and put they into electric chair . kyle's mom today be a great day for democracy ! the crowd cheer . the executioner step up to the throw switch . terrance Phillip , this be worse than that trip to Quebec City when I fall asleep in that disco . phillip I know , terrance . I know . ext . somewhere in south park - night long shot of a desolate , dark area . it have start to rain . Stan trudge through the wilderness look tired and scared . stan hello ? where the hell be I ? be anybody here ? a few wolf howl sound in the distance . Stan walk on . stan marco !!! no answer . stan marco !!! no answer . Stan stumble a bit . stan dude , weak ... can not go on ... dizzy ... Stan fall to the ground . his face plop in the rainy mud and he head smack against a rock . Stan be out cold . just then , a strange sound emerge . it be like a pulsate wobble . Stan slowly awake , pick up he head and shine he flashlight around . stan what be that ? the sound get louder . Stan shine he flashlight on something that be huge and throbbing . stan oh my GOD !!! ext . stage - night Kyle 's mother approach terrance and Phillip . kyle's mom gentlemen , do you have any last word ? phillip last word ? let 's see ... how aboot " get I the fuck out of this chair " . how 's that for last word ? Kyle 's mom nod to the executioner . general plymkin wait !! General plymkin walk out next to Kyle 's mother . general plymkin we have just capture some canadian sympathizer ! the crowd cheer . Kyle 's mother smile . kyle's mother we will execute they along with terrance and Phillip for you view pleasure ! another cheer . the mother be all very pleased . that be , until they see Kyle and cartman bring out to the stage at gunpoint . kyle's mother Kyle ?! cartman' mother Eric ? kyle hi , mar . general plymkin we also have a canadian spy who be hide out in South Park !! now ike be bring out at gunpoint . kyle's mother ike ?! Kyle 's mother rush over to General plymkin . kyle's mother General ... this be our child ! general plymkin they be canadian sympathizer and they must be deal with accordingly ! stan's mother but they be child ! cartman walk over to where terrance and Phillip be strapped into they chair . cartman dude ! terrance and Phillip ! wow ! can I get you autograph ?! terrance sure , tubby , just as soon as we be kill . kenny' mother we can not kill this kid ! general plymkin listen mother , you 're the one that start all this . do not get all emotional now ! stan's mother but we be do all this to help we child 's future ! cartman' mother yes , I think shoot we child would adversely affect they future . kyle's mother no ... the General be right . kyle mom !!! kyle's mother boobie ... this be the only way you be ever go to learn . I have a opportunity here to teach you about consequence . stan's mother Sheila , you be go to far ! that be you child ! kyle's mother yes ! and I will not allow my child to be ruined by smut !! ( to Kyle ) I be sorry young man , but I have have it up to here ! strap they in ! she walk away . kyle you gotta be fucking kidding I !! kyle's mother kyle brovlofski , you watch you language !! ext . in the middle of nowhere - night Stan be still lie in mud , but now he lie before a huge , pulsate , organic look thing that belong in the X - file . it 's the size of a small building . the massive thing start to glow . Stan look weak and afraid . big thing be not afraid ... Stan tremble . stan ( weakly ) what ... big thing behold my glory . stan what ... be you ? big thing I be the clitoris . Stan 's eye grow wide . music start to swell up . stan the clitoris ?! I did it !! I found the clitoris !! big thing Stan , you friend need you . they be in trouble and you must help they . stan wait , you be suppose to tell I how to get Wendy to like I . big thing there be more important matter right now ... stan no way , dude ! i've looked all over for you , and now you have to tell I how to get wendy to like I !! big thing dude , she 's eight year old , just get she some ice cream or something . stan of course !! Ice cream !! big thing now go , you friend be in danger ... the uso show be a mile east of here , just over that ridge . the clitoris have speak . the clitoris fade , and just as it do , all the kid of La resistance come run into frame . Wendy and Gregory be with they as well . wendy Stan ! Stan be you okay ?! stan Wendy ? gregory I see you fail in you mission . terrance and Phillip must be dead by now . Wendy bend down to pick up Stan . wendy come on Stan , we have to hurry . the canadian force be about to attack !! Wendy pull Stan up off the ground and sling he arm around she . ext . uso show - night a drummer play as the execution begin . general plymkin we begin with terrance and Phillip !!! throw the switch !!! the executioner throw the switch and terrance and Phillip start to fry . Kyle , cartman and ike , in they chair , look horrify . kyle's mother Goodbye , bastard ! near death , terrance crank out a weak fart . terrance and Phillip both laugh weakly but merrily . terrance take that , bitch . as terrance and Phillip fry , they scream out : phillip / terrance freeeeeedommmmm !!! suddenly , fwwooommm !!! a bomb land in the middle of the army . blam !! it explode with incredible force , send dead body in all direction . canadian military plane zoom overhead ! it 's a full scale attack !! from a high angle we see the soldier all scatter like bug in every direction . mr. garrison the canadian be attacking !! run for you live !! fwwoomm !!! blamm !! another explosion ! everybody just start scream and shoot in every direction . total and complete mayhem . one explosion knock out the electricity , and terrance and Phillip stop drying . the electricity run along a wire , across the stage , and right up cartman 's leg . cartman start fry horribly . kyle cartman ! cartman ( frying ) wagagahghgh !! you guy !!! seriously !!! phillip what 's go on terrance ? terrance Canada be save we !! finally , cartman be blow clear of the electricity . Kyle pick he up and start to run along with ike . int . hell - satan' bedroom Satan open the door to find Saddam sleep happily in he cozy bed . he be only wear little black g-string panty . satan ( whisper ) have you finish ? now we see that Kenny be stand at the foot of the bed . he hold a gasoline can , and have just finish pour the last drop underneath the bed . kenny mph mph . satan then move out of the way . Kenny walk over next to Satan . Satan pull out a book of match . satan I must be strong ... I must be strong ... Satan try to light the match . it will not light . satan damn it ... finally , the match light . Satan hold it up - satan Goodbye , Saddam ... - and throw it onto the bed . satan come on ! Saddam burn to a crisp and Satan and Kenny run out . ext . uso show - day people run scream in all direction as a full scale attack have break out . gunfire , explosion and dead body fly all around . jimbo ned ! behind you ! ned whip around and mow down a line of Canadian . but one canadian make it through , and stick he bayonet through ned 's neck . blood gush from ned 's neck as he collapse . jimbo ned !!! nooooooo !!!!! fwwoom !! blammm !!! the boy run as fast as they can amidst the explosion . cartman holy shit ! ( Zap ) aghaghgah !! now when the v-chip shock cartman , we can actually see the blue current swirl around he body . cartman hey ! this v-chip be getting all screwy !! General plymkin have follow he man into the trench , where explosion and gunfire fly all around . he pull out a walkie talkie as he man die all around he . general plymkin alright men !!! fall into formation ! " human shield " up front then " operation get behind the darkie " !!! they all fall in . a phalanx of black man , chef include in they , walk out in front of a bunch of white guy . general plymkin remember , human shield ! protect our tank and plane , too ! just then , over a ridge in front of they , a line of canadian tank appear . the tank be line up 3 deep . behind they be a line of missile launcher . General plymkin 's jaw drop . general plymkin Holy mother of johosephat ... the black guy all look at each other nervously . ext . battlefield the boy run through the chaos . body part and scrapnel fly here and there . a bloody soldier suddenly stumble and fall in front of the boy hold a massive head wound . kyle hey ! it 's Mr. garrison !! garrison lie on the ground , cough up blood . mr. garrison Children ... take Mr. hat ... please ... get he out of here ... garrison take Mr. hat off he hand and give it to cartman . just then , garrison go limp . cartman look at the Mr. hat in he hand and scowl . the boy run from the battle . they pass the american troops , where all the black guy be stand in a human shield around the white guy . chef alright , squad ... just like I told you ... one !! the canadian tank take aim . chef two ! the canadian tank fire . chef three !! all the black guy suddenly jump out of the way , leave the white completely expose . general plymkin what the - the tank fire hit the army , blow all the white soldier to smithereen , include ned and jimbo . black soldier great plan , chef ! chef operation human Shield my ass ! ext . south park - day from a extreme wide shot , we see all the force on both side exchange firepower . the canadian National anthem can be hear in the distance . we see Mr. Mackey look like a natural bear killer . he shoot like a maniac into the Canadian . he wound one and then march over to the wriggle body with a knife . mr. mackey die canadian , mmkay ?! and he drive the knife into the canadian 's chest . but then , suddenly , another canadian soldier appear out of nowhere , and blow a hole through Mackey 's chest . mr. mackey mkay - Mackey fall to the ground , dead . just then Big Gay Al run through the frame , we follow he as he skip he way around gunfire . big gay al ooh ! goodness that bullet be go fast !!! another bullet zing by he head . big gay al jumping Jesus , this be insane !! thump ! a bullet hit Big Gay Al square in the head . more bullet follow , tear he to shred . wide angle on - entire battle this shot parody one of the big shot from ' save private Ryan ' . just complete overkill . explosion , helicopter , gunfire and death . Kyle 's mother , and the other mother as well , stand on a ridge overlook the horrific massacre . stan's mother my God ... this be terrible ... Kyle 's mother hold out she m - 16 . she be now completely insane . kyle's mother this be what we want ! we want we child to be bring up in a smut-free environment !!! kenny' mother but we do not want this . I just follow you ' cause I make a shitload of money sell Kenny t-shirt ! stan's mother oh Lord , what have we do ...? kyle's mother wake up , people ! we all have to do thing that be not pretty sometimes ! it 's the not pretty thing that make life worth fight the not pretty thing for ! why do you think child have to be bear in hospital ? the other mother look very confuse . kyle's mother why do it matter ?! my plan be a perfect plan !! perfect ! perfect ! perfect !!!!! the other mother walk away . kyle's mother where be you go ?! we need to stop the not pretty thing from let we child be bear in hospital ! stan's mother we be go to find we boy ! for God 's sake Sheila , you almost have they kill !! Kyle 's mother turn back to the battle . more kill and explosion . kyle's mother kill . they should only be so lucky . Kyle be not even born in a hospital ! she charge the field . ext . battlefield - continuous terrance and Phillip be dodging gunfire and super loud explosion . phillip do you hear that , terrance ? I farted ! terrance you do ? just now ? they laugh merrily . phillip come on , we can take shelter in one of that building ! but just then , Kyle 's mother come charge in with she gun !! kyle's mother aaaghgahghgh !!! you destroyed my family !!!!!!!!!! Phillip spin around just in time to see Kyle 's mother plunge she bayonet into terrance 's abdomen . terrance agh ! phillip terrance ! no ! kyle's mother die !!!!!! slow motion shot - blood from terrance 's abdomen slowly spill from he stomach . everything get silent as we follow the blood down , down , down ... until it hit the ground with a huge , echoing bwooommmm !!! close up on Kyle 's mother 's eye . close up on the spot of blood on the ground ... back to real time suddenly , the ground start to open up ! fwoom !! great flame and ash take over the sky . Satan and he minion explode from below . everyone stop fight for a moment , to watch this amazing spectacle . satan raaghgh !!!! my time have come !!! demon and flame emerge from the ground . all the soldier on both side can not believe what they be see . now out of the giant abyss come Kenny . he dust himself off and look around . ext . trench - night as more bomb and gunshot go off . Kyle , cartman and ike huddle close to each other in a trench . cartman Kyle ... all that time I say you be a big dumb Jew ... I do not mean it . you be not a Jew . Kyle think . kyle yes I be ! ike Baba mama ! another explosion rock the trench . dirt fly all over the boy ' head . cartman agh ! ( notice Mr. hat in he hand ) what the hell be I still hold this for ?! cartman toss Mr. hat out of the trench . we hear gunshot and then very faintly we hear garrison 's voice . mr. garrison Mr. hat ! noooooo ! suddenly , Stan jump down into the trench . kyle Stan ! stan dude , I find the clitoris ! I think I can get Wendy to like I now ! kyle sweet . cartman ( sarcastic ) oh , that 's swell , Stan . I guess all 's well that end well , huh ? we can go home now . there 's just one little thing leave to tie up ... world war three !!! more explosion go off . Dead body fly all around the boy . suddenly , Kenny appear before the boy . cartman / kyle agagah !!! cartman it 's he ! I tell you !! Kenny 's come to take we to the netherworld ! kenny mph rmph rmph rmph ?! kyle wait ! he 's not haunt we , he 's try to tell we something ! kenny mph rmph rm rmph rm ! cartman okay ! we can get you some proofs of purchase for snacky smore Kenny ! just mellow the heck out ! ext . somewhere in south park - night more battle . people be die leave and right . the Doctor from the Hospital scene run in with a m - 16 . a canadian step in front of he , the doctor shoot , and blow the canadian 's head clean off . doctor gauche hey , pal , do not lose you head . suddenly , the ticket guy 's chest rip open . he fall dead , and stand behind he be a canadian with a double barrel shotgun . canadian soldier I be glad you get that off you chest . Tom the rhinoplasty surgeon leap in and stab the canadian through the head with he bayonet . tom I guess he get the point . a canadian rush in and machine gun Tom full of hole . canadian soldier 2 plastic be a cheap and efficient insulator for electrical application . just as the fight escalate , Satan and he minion rush in . satan yes ! good ! fight and kill one another ! the soldier all look scared and puzzle . satan you be all part of Satan 's army now ! kyle's mother what the hell be go on ?! Satan get in Kyle 's mother 's face . satan I be the dark master ! kyle's mother oh no you do not ! this be my fight !! I do not need you help , Alan dershwitz ! satan silence ! I am satan ! kyle's mother oh . satan you have spill the blood of the innocent . now the world belong to I ... now begins two million year of darkness !! and all thanks to you !!! Kyle 's mother back down , ashamed . chef oh , good job , Mrs. broflofski , thanks a lot . kyle's mother I ... I be just try to make the world a better place for child ... satan yes ... and in do so , you bring enough anger and intolerance to the world to allow my come . kyle's mother and I think my mother be the master of guilt . geez Louise . satan silence !!! now !!! everyone bow down to I !!! kyle's mother oh God ... what have I do ... one by one , the soldier start to kneel . Satan throw he arm up in the air and laugh a horrible , deep laugh that fill the world . but just then , the ground shake again . Satan look over to the huge abyss he have crawle out of and notice another figure . he be burnt horribly , but it be Saddam . he hold a martini glass in he hand . saddam hussein hey , I be miss the party ! satan no ! it can not be ! Saddam , burnt to a crisp , walk over to Satan and grab he ass . saddam hussein do you miss I , buttercup ? ( yelling out ) all right , gang ! I be you new ruler now ! everyone bow down to I !! Satan put he head down . kyle hold everything !!! Kyle walk up with cartman , Stan and Kenny . saddam hussein oh , it 's the bratty kid from hell . kyle you make a deal with Kenny that if he get ten proofs of purchase from snacky smore you would grant he any wish . saddam hussein and ? Kenny pull out the proofs of purchase . triumphant music play . satan I told you not to make that deal , Saddam ! saddam hussein who give a fuck ?! I be just fuck with he ! kyle what ? saddam hussein the deal 's off , go away , guy . satan no , Saddam . you make a deal . you can not just renege on a deal . that 's lie . saddam hussein relax bitch ! you be better see , not hear okay ? Saddam smack Satan in the face . now Satan look mad , but he sit down like a good little bitch . saddam hussein now , let 's start torture people , shall we ? we will start with ... ( look at cartman ) this little fat kid first !! cartman ay ! do not call I fat , buttfucker - zap !! a huge charge shoot from cartman , knock one of hell 's demon on he ass . stan Holy shit cartman ! what be that ?! cartman how the fuck should I know !! zap !!! another huge charge emit from the v-chip inside cartman and send the other swedish soldier reeling . kyle look at that ! chef it 's that v-chip thing that 's inside you , Eric ! the polarity must have be reverse by the electric chair ! terrance oh boy ! a smile come across cartman 's face . cartman buttfuck shit ! bzzzzzzzzt ! a huge charge bust the chain that hold cartman 's wrist . he jump down . cartman yes ! triumphant music play as cartman use he newly find power . saddam hussein Quick , Satan ! do something ! but before Satan can do anything , cartman hold up he hand and let loose . cartman fuck a hunk a shit , you rat fuck !!! bzzzzzzzzzaat !!!! a charge hit Satan square between the eye and knock he down . he get to he knee and stand up again . saddam hussein hey , you need to watch you mouth , brat ! cartman try this on for size - cartman hold up he hand . cartman dripping vagina eating son of a pigfucking crack whore !!! hairy cock slurping maggot fuuuuuck !!!! bzzzaaaat !! the charge hit Saddam in the chest . he drop again . Saddam look around and be suddenly scared . he appeal to cartman . saddam hussein hey buddy ! no need to stress ! let I make you a deal ! how about a lifetime supply of snacky smore and we just forget about this whole thing ?! kyle do not listen to he , cartman ! kenny mrphmmmph !!! cartman ( give in ) okay . ( then ) not . cartman close he eye and hum like he 's summoning up the worst word in the world . then , it come out . like a volcano . cartman suck the hot shit from my gurgling ass you blood drenched frozen tampon on a stiiiiiiiiiiick !!!!!!!!!!!!! bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzattttttttt !!!!! a huge purple jolt emerge from each of cartman 's hand and join into one powerful current that hit Saddam . Saddam be throw back against the wall . saddam hussein ( to Satan ) what be you wait for , bitch ?! destroy he !! Satan look at cartman , then at Saddam , and think ... saddam hussein come on you weak , stupid cum bucket ! save I !! Satan stand there . satan help you ? you have destroy my life and now you want I to help you ?! you be always make I feel like a piece of shit . saddam hussein come on guy , you know I only rib you because I love you so much ! satan if you love somebody then you treat they with respect ! you have never respected I ! saddam hussein can we talk about this later ? everyone be watch ! satan I do not care ! I want to talk about it now ! Saddam grab Satan by the arm . satan ow , you be hurt I ! saddam hussein listen guy , you be embarass I in front of my friend ! you know how I get mad when I get embarass . Satan start get really mad . steam start come from he nostril . saddam hussein you little problem can wait till later , see ? steam start come out of Satan 's nostril . saddam hussein now do what I say and keep you fuck mouth shut ! satan that's it ! I have have enough !!!! Satan pick up Saddam , and throw he over a huge , flame cliff , back into the depth of hell . saddam hussein noooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! heeeeyyyy guyyyyy , relaaaaaxx ..... chef Saddam Hussein be dead ! stan and kyle hooray !!! everyone cheer . phillip you be quite a purveyor of filth , little boy ! terrance indeedy , that be a delicious choice of word ! cartman well , I learn it all from you guy . phillip of course you do , cock fuck ! they all laugh merrily . Satan stand over the cliff , look down at where Saddam fall . satan he spend so much time convincing I I be weak and stupid that I believe it myself . the boy look at each other , confuse . satan Saddam do not respect I . all he want be sex . but it take I so long to figure that out . he start to cry . chef hand he a hanky . chef here you go Satan - satan thank you . give I the proofs of purchase . Kenny hand they to Satan . satan okay Kenny , I will keep the bargain . any wish you want be yours . track in slowly on Kenny . music build . finally , Kenny speak . kenny mph rmph rmpg rmph mm . everyone gasp !! kyle what ? stan be you sure , Kenny ? satan what do he say ? stan he say that he wish be for everyone who die in the war to come back . chef Kenny , you realize this wish be the only chance for you not to be dead ... kenny m mprh . mph rmph rm rmph rm rmphm rmphm . mm rmphm rmphm rhmphm . triumphant music play , as if Kenny be give a grand , important speech . satan very well , then . I will put a end to the war as you wish and make everything as it be before the war start . but you Kenny , must remain dead . kenny mph rm . Satan turn to the open abyss . satan I must admit , I be kind of relieved . it 's too fuck cold up here . stan be not there cold part of hell ? satan yeah , but it 's a real dry cold . here it 's the humidity that get I . I guess I be destine to live in hell ... alone ... sadly , Satan walk back down the trench into hell . but something catch he eye . satan hello ... what 's this ? Satan bend down and pick up Mr. hat . he look at it , and then place it gently on he hand . satan hi there , little guy ... would you like to go to hell with I ? satan ( as mr. hat ) sure . I bet we can be best friend ! Satan smile . and walk down to hell with Mr. hat . the boy walk over to Kenny . kyle thank you , Kenny . stan yeah , thanks for go back to hell for we . you be a real pal . a bright red light flash and Satan and he minion be drag back down into hell . Kenny be take along with they . at the same time , garrison , jimbo , Mackey and all the other who die , suddenly and magically appear . they look at themselves , wonder what just happen . everyone just stand around in a daze . Canadian and Americans alike look at each other and wonder what to do . mr. garrison I ... I be alive ... where 's Mr. hat ? big gay al wow ... we be all kill and now we be fine . that 's super ! kyle whew , I be sure glad that 's over . stan yeah , but you know , I learn something today . I learn that get all work up over fuck and shit and cockmaster be just stupid ... you all focus so hard on erase profanity that you forget the most important thing ... to love each other . cartman yeah ! you be all a bunch of stupid son a bitch ! the boy ' parent walk up . stan Mom , I be a man . just a man . and I be go to have fun with profanity just like you and dad do when you be little . kyle yeah , so what if you say uncle raper or dicksucker or , or - kyle's mother shiteater - stan's mother - or monkey fucker - they all laugh merrily at they naughtiness . Wendy walk up to Stan . wendy I be sorry Stan , I guess you really do get it after all ! Stan smile . music swell . stan Wendy ... how would you like to go get some ice cream ? wendy sure , Stan ! how do you know I love ice cream ? stan my friend the clitoris tell I . wendy wow , I have a clitoris too . stan really ? where the hell do you keep it ? it 's huge . Wendy grab Stan and plant a big kiss on he . Stan vomit into Wendy 's mouth . stan but Wendy ... what about Gregory ? Gregory stand off to one side , scowling . wendy Stan , I never care for Gregory . stan you do not ? wendy no , dude . fuck he . fuck he in the ear . stan cool ! wendy ( sing ) thank my lucky star here before I now be everything I would ever hope for - stan knew it in a word saw it in a glance the only thing I think I would die for stan and wendy I can not stop now ... my heart 's awake ! I pray you arm my arm to take ! so this be why I be alive ! now everyone join hand and start sing - everyone shut you fucking face , unclefucka ! you 're a cock sucking ass raping unclefucka ! you 're a unclefucka , yes it's true ! nobody fuck uncle quite like you ! unclefuckaaa !!! Kenny 's mom and dad come up . kenny' dad this be all so wonderful . I just wish we little Kenny could see all of this joy . kyle oh he can , dude . look ! Kyle point to the sky . everyone look up just in time to see a brilliant shoot star across the daytime sky . we follow the shoot star and then slowly zoom in on it . as we get closer , we realize it be actually Kenny , shoot towards the heaven . as triumphant music play , Kenny 's little body float up and up through the cloud . ( note : this will also be do in 3- D cgi ) Ray of light from above bathe he body and he fly up into the warmth of the baby blueness . angel encircle he and give he a pair of wing . they smile gently . he feel calm . he feel good . amidst a group of angel , Kenny fly upwards and finally ... into Heaven . end .