space milkshake written by armen evrensel production draft November 12th 2011 Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 1. omitted 1 1 int . antarctica lab ( open montage ) 1a 1a a glow blue box like a large toaster ( the time cube ) sit in a sterile lab shelf , plugge in . a rubber duck sit on a cluttere desk . gary pinback ( 40 ) identify by " Gary " stitched on a white lab coat - enter frame , unplug the box and shove it in a duffle bag nervously ( he face frame out of this entire montage ) . a alarm sound . red siren light splashes into frame . open credit play on wall and other surface of this montage before and after Gary run through frame . Gary go to a desk and rush to steal stationary , stapler , pencil , a calculator etc ; he sweep the desk surface junk with he arm into the duffle bag on top of the time cube . he pick up the rubber duck and shove it in he pocket . int . antarctica lab hallway ( open montage ) 1b 1b a white lab coat fill the frame then reveal Gary run away . Gary 's foot run . duffle bag in frame . high angle : long hall , follow Gary run . angle on door : it 's mark spaceport level 4 , Gary slam into it and run through . low angle : Gary run through long high ceiling hall away from camera . Red sire light spin on the wall . Gary go through the far door . Gary slip and wipe out , spilling he stationary . he grab he time cube bag and duck and keep run . int . antarctica lab spaceport ( open montage ) 1c 1c medium close : Gary throw the bag into a hatch and climb in after it , close the hatch , spin the handle from the inside . it 's mark with decal read cargo drone 9 . a blast door lower into frame cover the drine and we hear space shuttle taking off sound . ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 1d 1d a few space station , shuttle and satellite fly around . a sparse ring of garbage circle the loom earth . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 2. cargo drone 9 - small space shuttle cruise away from Earth , with match hatch and marking from scene 1c on rear . security ( o.s. ) unauthorize shuttle , return to Antarctica Research Station immediately ! this be you final warning ! security 2 ( o.s. ) okay , blast it . laser blast originate from Earth narrowly miss the shuttle . a flash of light - the shuttle be go without a trace . security ( o.s. ) where do it go ? do you get it ? security 2 ( o.s. ) I be not read anything . must have totally vaporize it . security ( o.s. ) Nice shot . Elevator music play o.s. we float back to reveal the wass 8518 regina station in orbit . int . airlock module ( inside airlock ) - day 2 2 jimmy anderson ( 25 ) wear a jumpsuit with utility belt , have a small roll suitcase , and a bunch of papers in the other hand . Elevator music . he stand wait in a small industrial - look passage with heavy duty inner and outer door . a red light . he 's sweat , pale . he press the button repeatedly . anton ( o.s. ) do you have any fruit , vegetable , or other food product ? jimmy no . anton ( o.s. ) fever , stuffy nose , cold symptom ? jimmy no . Jimmy sneeze . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 3. jimmy ( cont 'd ) allergy . anton ( o.s. ) have you work on the wendi series computer system before ? jimmy you still have a wendi ? the light turn green and the inner door open , Jimmy enter the space station airlock module . a sign above the airlock say : " remember all accident in space be serious accident " . Jimmy sneeze again , wipe he nose , offer he hand to shake . he read Anton 's name tag . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Captain balvenie ? anton call I Anton . anton balvenie ( 35 ) snatch the document , and walk away as he read . Jimmy follow he . anton ( cont 'd ) we be very informal around here . int . passageway B - day 2a 2a Jimmy follow Anton in a walk `n talk . the wall have yellow blast shield over the window . anton Jimmy Anderson , United spaceworker orbital 108 since 2147 , allergic to pollen . certify level ... nine rating ? jimmy engineer level nine rating . Anton be unimpress . Jimmy stop to poke a panel with a loose wire . anton level 9 engineer be not rate for central system repair . jimmy no , they be . I be . do you want I to go back ? Anton corner Jimmy . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 4. anton we get you up here , I will put you to work . jimmy great . this be my first orbital assignment . anton let I clue you in . up here the work never stop . there 's always orbital debris pile up and someone have to be in each sector with a line of sight on it to keep launch vector clear . do you follow I ? jimmy no problem chief . anton I be not a chief I be a Captain . jimmy sorry , Captain . they keep walk , reach the junction at the end . anton just make sure you finish by zero eight hundred Zulu . I be not signing overtime form . do you know how to fix mess hall food dispenser ? jimmy no. maybe . what 's the matter ? anton all it 's give be sandwich . that 's you next job after the mainframe . omitted 3 3 int . control room - day 4 4 Computer monitor with important data cover the wall , there be six station with rotate chair and a island of console in the middle . Flight specialist tilda genero ( 25 ) have she foot up , headphone on . the door open and Jimmy follow Anton into the control room . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 5. anton the terminal on the fritz be over there . Jimmy see tilda . anton ( cont 'd ) that 's Lieutenant tilda genero . you do not need to talk to she . tilda glance at he and turn she chair away from he . Jimmy drag he suitcase , hit everything , and dump out electronic junk near the terminal . he open up a panel near a screen show static . jimmy there 's you problem . Jimmy dig around in the panel with wire stick out . anton and the sonovac coffee machine be malfunction . can you fix that ? jimmy I do not know . I might have to take the mainframe offline to fix this - anton whatever , get it do . Anton go to another terminal and use the computer . jimmy what 's he problem ? tilda ignore he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I say , what 's he problem ? ... I guess you can not hear I with you headphone on . tilda I can hear you . omitted 5 5 Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 6. ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 6 6 in big naval ship name letter it say " wass -8518 regina " on the dirty run-down and decaye sanitation station . flash of light : the cargo shuttle appear out of nowhere , fly away from the Earth as it be before . int . control room - day 7 7 tilda have she foot up , she listen to the radio chatter , not caring in the least . she press a few button . Jimmy test circuit in the background . she adjust she headphone . Computer monitor show generic scrolling text , radar sweep and simple iconographic status display in the background . ground control ( o.s. ) orbital control , this be ground control , come in please . bill ( o.s. ) what 's shaking Steve ? ground control oh hey Bill . be Antarctica station look for a miss shuttle earlier today ? bill ( o.s. ) Roger that . do you find it ? ground control ( o.s. ) thing be I have a unregister shuttle here tag with a high probability of debris collision . no life sign on board . think it 's the same one ? bill ( o.s. ) negative ground control . the one Antarctica lose have a passenger . ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 8 8 the small drine appear move ( relatively ) slowly toward the general area of the Regina station . a metal screw float in space ( shallow focus ) . the drine be come toward the screw from the distance . ground control ( o.s. ) take a look at the collision warning . I read station eight five one eight in you sector . ( more ) Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 6a . ground control ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) sanitation Station Regina . better get they on it . be you go to come to poker night ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 7. bill ( o.s. ) you know it Steve . see you next Wednesday . int . control room - day 9 9 tilda lazily lean over and press the button . bill ( o.s. ) sanitation station eight five - tilda Station Regina here . I have be monitoring . we be not read debris in we sector . bill ( o.s. ) why do not you check again . tilda be annoyed and hit some button . tilda it 's probably a sensor glitch . bill ( o.s. ) that 's a negative , the debris appear to be between class 2 and class 3 . can you whack it with a proton beam ? tilda Ground control , it 's too big for a proton beam if it 's class 3 . you know that . Anton come over to tilda and look at the monitor . anton what do they want now ? tilda a cargo drine be come through . they have get a collision alarm . anton look too small for a laser sweep . tilda probably just a false alarm . what do you want I to tell they ? jimmy do you want I to take a look at the sensor ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 8. anton no. keep work . Anton hit some key , then press the radio button . anton ( cont 'd ) this be Captain balvenie of sanitation station eight five one eight . who the hell be tell my operation officer how to do she job ? ground control ( o.s. ) balvenie - anton you have to send someone else . we main computer be down for service . ground control ( o.s. ) hold on ... now I have get Antarctica station tell I it 's a priority one situation . anton not we problem . the book say it 's too small for laser . check you book down there . ground control ( o.s. ) how about a particle beam ? anton where 's valentina ? why be I deal with this guy ? it 's she shift . int . engineering module - day 10 10 a intercom on the wall next to a bunch of bubbles . valentina novak ( 33 ) take a bubble bath in a water tank , with a rubber duck . a towel be hang on equipment nearby . Anton sound like he put the mic too close to he mouth . anton ( o.s. ) valentina to the control room immediately please . valentina to the control room . ground control ( o.s. ) how about you just take a pod out there and pick up the debris ? she turn to listen to the voice on the intercom . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 9. anton ( o.s. ) we do not take pod out for class two debris . int . control room - day 11 11 continuous . Anton practically eat a headset microphone . anton sanitation Station Regina out . Anton switch off the radio . anton ( cont 'd ) moron . tilda do he just tell we to take a pod to look for a class 2 object ? Jimmy hang out next to tilda . jimmy do you know where can I get lunch ? tilda mess hall . jimmy can you show I the way ? anton oh , you would like lunch ? know what I would like ? I would like my computer fix right now . fix it . jimmy ok Anton . anton that 's Captain balvenie . ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 12 12 the cargo drine ship cruise along . it 's approach the metal screw float in space . smash - the drine hit the screw and explode . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 10 . int . control room - day 13 13 Red light and indicator flash . a siren sound . tilda and Anton leap into action at the control . Jimmy come over . jimmy what 's that ? be everything ok ? tilda collision detect . secondary explosion . reading a level six debris field out there . lot of it . anton be there any salvage crew in the sector ? tilda nope . but they be scramble two team . they must really want the pod . anton you think there 's something good in there ? tilda that 's my bet . anton well I be call it . valentina ( o.s. ) what happen ? be that the collision alarm ? anton Match orbit and position for pod launch . run the checklist . valentina report to airlock two . we be go fishing . Anton run out . int . engineering module - day 14 14 the siren sound over the intercom . valentina towel off . she zip up she jumpsuit and run out . int . control room - day 14a 14a Jimmy come over to tilda again . she turn off the siren . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 11. jimmy do you get down to Earth much ? tilda turn around from she terminal . tilda I need to monitor the salvage operation . jimmy do you always share a salvage bonus with the entire crew ? tilda Three way split . jimmy but we be four include I . tilda you do not sign in . you be not crew . tilda put on she headphone and turn away from Jimmy . jimmy where 's the sign - in sheet ? tilda point at she headphone without turn to he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I will sign in later I guess . omitted 15 15 int . airlock module - day 16 16 Anton heroically put on a space suit and gear . valentina come in . valentina be we say three way split on salvage ? anton I be not cut in the new guy . valentina that 's the good space suit . anton I get here first . and you handle the heat better . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 12. valentina forget it then . Anton take off he space - pants and hand they to valentina . anton Fine , fine . there 's nothing wrong with the other suit anyway . I do not care . valentina I just take a bath . anton I say fine . Anton take the other suit . it 's very smelly . he take off he shirt and pants and they both dress in space suit . [ simple montage of zipping , buckle , boot , glove . ] ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 17 17 a grungy old salvage pod move away from the Regina and thrust off into space toward a burn debris cloud . int . wass orbital sanitation pod - day 18 18 valentina and Anton be squash up next to each other at the control of the small pod , helmet on lap , wear headsets . valentina why be we bother with this ? anton this could be the haul we have be wait for . they be flipping out over this cargo drine . valentina what be it ? anton I do not know . it must be worth something . valentina if there 's a big salvage bonus , I want to go somewhere with a beach . look like something over there . anton ya I see it . line we up . they work the control . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 13. ground control ( o.s. ) sanitation pod , do not approach the debris field . the area will be salvage by a authorize crew . repeat ; do not approach the cargo drine debris field , this now be a secure sector . anton Ground control , this be we sector and we need to keep this space clear . we get all kind of transport come through today . ground control ( o.s. ) negative . stand down - Anton turn off the radio . anton they really want whatever be on that shuttle . it 's go to be good . Anton pull out sandwich from a pouch with difficulty and eat . valentina do you bring one for I ? Anton hand she a sandwich . valentina ( cont 'd ) veggie ? have you get ham ? anton you get the good space suit . valentina look at he , stop steering the pod . anton ( cont 'd ) Fine . God damn it . take the ham . he give she the ham sandwich . they eat and fly the pod . ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 19 19 the pod scoot through a cloud of junk and box float and spin in space . omitted 20 20 Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 14 . int . wass orbital sanitation pod - day 21 21 Anton and valentina flip switch and use joystick . anton almost full . let dump this load and try for another pass . valentina get it . close the hatch . hatch secure . look like there may be a active energy source in there . a clunk noise . Anton check he watch . anton it 's fine . skip the safety check , we have get two minute leave . once it 's onboard , it 's ours . omitted scene 22-23 22 22 int . storage module - day 24 24 the room have salvage bin , heavy machinery , gamma ray detector , pile of cable and garbage everywhere . large piece of burn space junk dump into the room through a hatch . Gary 's time cube fall in . it glow ominous blue . it start to humm . a flash of light ripple out of the box ! int . wass orbital sanitation pod - day 25 25 Anton pull up a handle like a parking brake . the sound of hydraulic piston o.s. outside the window there 's a Super Bright flash that shine on they face from window above . anton do they just shoot at we ? valentina I do not know . hold on . anton I be see spot . valentina sensor be down . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 15 . ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 26 26 the Regina station float alone in space , the pod dock on the side . there 's nothing except the Earth below , and no city light shine on the surface . no junk , no other ship or station in space . int . wass orbital sanitation pod - day 27 27 Anton and Val press button and look at screen . valentina where 's the debris field ? anton where 's everything ? they stare at the monitor , grow confuse . tilda ( o.s. ) you guy ok ? valentina ( o.s. ) tilda , look out the window . be you see anything ? the pod sensor be blank . int . control room - day 28 28 tilda be fully awake for once . she push button . Anton 's voice be a little garble from hold the microphone too close to he mouth . he always do this , and make the crew strain to hear he . anton ( o.s. ) tilda , can you raise ground control ? tilda Ground control , come in . Ground control switch to emergency channel . Ground control ? Jimmy lean on the console next to she , hold circuit he 's testing with a probe tool . anton ( o.s. ) it 's not the sensor . something happen . we be head back in . jimmy it sound like he might be hold the microphone too close . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 16 . tilda you think so ? int . airlock module - day 29 29 Anton and valentina be in the airlock . the light turn green and they come out . tilda help they with they space suit . anton any luck with Ground control ? tilda there 's no response . on any channel . there be a bright flash of light . do you see that ? anton yeah , we see it too . valentina be it a solar flare ? tilda maybe . do not seem like it . a strange humming SOUND start . Jimmy poke he head in . jimmy good salvage ? anton who say you could take a break ? tilda be you ok ? valentina we be fine . I will get on the com . check out what that hum noise be . we might have take damage . anton report to I in ten . tilda roll she eye and go . jimmy what can I do ? valentina shove she space suit into Jimmy 's hand . she and Anton walk off in the other direction . Jimmy try to hang up the space suit on the rack . they do not fit . he try again . Jimmy drop the space suit and follow after tilda . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 17 . int . engineering module - day 30 30 tilda walk past large device , storage tank , incinerator and cargo container . the humming be louder . she see the time cube glow with blue light . a flash of light ! the hum die down . tilda look around the scary , poorly light and greasy room . tilda turn suddenly and see another tilda , in a dirtier jumpsuit , walk towards she . they both stop and stare at each other . tilda who the hell be you ? tilda2 be disorient and scared . her jumpsuit have different computer symbol instead of standard station number stencil . int . passageway B - day 30a 30 a Jimmy walk look for tilda hear a scream o.s . he go around a corner at the end of the hall where it come from . int . engineering module - day 30b 30 B tilda2 's arm frame , stuff a female human leg into a hatch mark organic waste recycling . she bend down and pick up a clean dry tilda jumpsuit off the floor . around the corner in a different area of the room , Jimmy poke he head in and look around . jimmy tilda ? Jimmy find a way around a large machine just as tilda2 zip up she jumpsuit , face away . she have strange geometric line like tatoos on she back . he 's strike by she picturesque beauty and do not realize he 's stare . she turn and meet eye with he . he 's very embarrassed and duck back behind the machine . jimmy ( cont 'd ) be this the laundry room ? I be look for the mess hall . sorry if I surprised you . I think I hear something . I do not see anything . the heavy machinery start grind and hum . crunching , sawing and splatter sound . the light turn from red to green . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 18. jimmy ( cont 'd ) okay well I will see you on the bridge . sorry . Jimmy turn and start to head out , bump into tilda2 with a start . she 's different ; dissociate , laconic , very nervous . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I be just go . tilda2 ( henceforth " tilda " ) stare at he , shiver . jimmy ( cont 'd ) hey , what 's the matter ? Jimmy pat she shoulder . she look up and they meet eye . jimmy ( cont 'd ) be you ok ? she turn and run away . Jimmy watch she go out the hatch . jimmy ( cont 'd ) you forget you shoe ! Jimmy pick up some sneaker . he do not notice blood drip out from below the organic waste reprocessor as he go . int . storage module - day 31 31 the humming SOUND again : the time cube sit in deep shadow , glow with faint blue light - the light dim and the hum stop . int . computer room - day 32 32 the wall be mark w.e.n.d. i. orbital Station system Computer . Jimmy sit next to the computer with tilda 's sneaker . wendi have a female voice this scene only . Jimmy hit button on the keyboard . the computer turn on . jimmy wendi ? wendi ( o.s. ) hello Jimmy . jimmy where be the laundry room ? wendi ( o.s. ) deck c. Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 19 . jimmy do tilda have a boyfriend ? the intercom buzze . Anton voice be distort to the edge of comprehensibility . anton ( o.s. ) Jimmy , how be the repair come ? Jimmy ? get on the intercom Jimmy . jimmy Anton ? anton ( o.s. ) you would better be get all over this mainframe problem . I want hourly report every half hour . jimmy I can not understand - anton just get on it , God damn it ! jimmy Roger that . Jimmy open the top binder from a tall stack of binder . the screen turn off . jimmy ( cont 'd ) wendi ? he hit button . it do not work now . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 33 33 the vast view of the Earth from space . pretty . the sunrise terminator approach western Canada , as we drift slowly backwards into peaceful space . nothing else be in orbit . the sanitation Station come into view . int . computer room - night 34 34 Jimmy sip juice from a sippy cup and go back to solder wire in a open panel near the screen . he wear safety goggle , read from a technical binder mark sonovac system repair . the tall stack of binder be now a mess of they open , scattered around . omitted scene 35-36 35 35 Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 19a . int . control room - night 37 37 valentina sit at the communication station and hold a radio microphone . Anton work at console across the room . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 20 . valentina this be the western alliance sanitation station Regina , in orbit , do anyone receive this message ? please respond . this be the sanitation station Regina , please respond . she put down the microphone , tweak some knob and push some button . Anton come over to she and press button at she station . valentina ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? anton I be try to figure out what you be do wrong . she slam shut a procedure binder . Jimmy come in . valentina have you get the mainframe back up ? jimmy it 's take I a bit longer than I think . I might need to call down for some part . valentina there 's nothing out there . anton I do not see how that 's possible . it have to be a communication problem . valentina we be have a communication problem right now . I be tell you there 's nothing out there . we need wendi to do a analysis . jimmy why do not anyone tell I ? I have to get back to Earth . valentina that 's not happen any time soon . jimmy so we be strand . the full weight of they predicament settles on they . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 21. int . recreation room - night 38 38 a large table , kitchenette , free weight , shake weight , book shelf with board game . Val 's rubber duckie sit on the shelf with a few other personal item . Anton cycle a elliptical exercise machine . valentina come in with leotard and stretch next to he . Anton stop . anton any luck ? valentina no . anton you be worried . do not worry . we be go to be fine . he lean in to give she a kiss , she lean away from he kiss as she stretch . he sit to stretch next to she . valentina I be go to put in for reassignment . anton not this again . Val - valentina there 's always something on deep space transport . a chance to see the galaxy a little . anton it 's all the same . valentina then maybe I will realize what I be miss and come back . anton what about we ? what about I ? valentina I be sick of you . I want to puke every time I hear you voice . you completely disgust I in every way . anton if this be because of the other night , I already tell you that be because of the bad egg sandwich I eat after the refrigeration system go down . that be a one - off thing . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 22. valentina it be not because you have indigestion . anton be it the sex ? valentina the sex be fine . anton then what 's you problem ? she continue she stretch and workout . int . engineering module - night 39 39 tilda poke a water filtration system . a sign say danger high voltage . she poke the wire . a SNAP of high voltage short circuit . she take out she finger , it 's burnt a little . she poke the power box again , search and explore , unfamiliar with the world around she and troubled . int . recreation room - night 40 40 Jimmy , Anton and Val play scrabble . Val make a word . valentina " giraffe . " eighteen point . Anton write down the score . Jimmy turn the board to face he . Jimmy place tile as he eat he soy protein sandwich . he spell " blorxr " and write down he point . valentina eyeball he . Anton rotate the game board . he ponder what word to make . he move he letter around . valentina ( cont 'd ) that 's not a word . jimmy do I have to play ? anton we need to take break . keep to a schedule . schedule say scrabble . how 's you sandwich ? jimmy not very good . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 23. anton well that 's all there be until breakfast tomorrow . jimmy what 's for breakfast ? anton Sandwiches . valentina thirty second Anton . jimmy be there anything to eat besides sandwich ? anton can you repair food dispenser ? jimmy no . anton well then there 's nothing else . valentina twenty second . anton so Jimmy , be there someone back on earth wait for you ? jimmy yes . I have a girlfriend . anton do you actually have a girlfriend ? jimmy there 's a girl I be friend with , I be plan on ask she to out . anton be you actually friend ? jimmy we know each other . I know she . valentina Times up Anton . minus one point . tilda come in and look through the cupboard in the kitchen . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 24 . anton hi tilda . want a sandwich ? we save you the pickle onion and cheese . she ignore they . anton ( cont 'd ) what be you look for ? what 's she look for ? valentina Fifteen second overtime . hurry up and make a word . anton I be make a word . tilda knock little container around search the cupboard . she carelessly knock thing off the shelf . valentina five second . anton tilda would you stop make that racket ? what the hell be you look for ? valentina you need to make decision faster . anton I do not rush into thing and make irrational snap decision , like some people . valentina leave you be not a snap decision . anton it 's totally inexplicable . Jimmy get up . jimmy you guy need a minute ? anton sit down . we be play scrabble . a flash outside the window . tilda turn , very scared , and look out the window . Jimmy go to the window next to she . jimmy what be that ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 25 . smash ! the sound of a impact , like a car accident . the room tremble . metal creaking noise . thing jiggle and fall off the shelf . tilda stare at Jimmy , scared . Val and Anton be brace themselves for more . the shaking stop . anton that be a impact . int . control room - night 41 41 Red light blink , warning flash on monitor . valentina and Anton run in and sit , hit button . Jimmy take a station and press button too , scared . anton pressure nominal . Jimmy , check the cnw3 . that thing there . jimmy I do not know what I be look at . anton orbital position ? Jimmy ? jimmy orbital position be ... anton the other console . jimmy get it . the fail - safe thruster kick in . orbit be stable . tilda come in and sit at a console , hit button . valentina Nice of you to join we , tilda . valentina look through binder stack on a shelf , find one , pull it , and flip to a page . anton collision checklist ? valentina work on it . anton where do it hit we ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 26. Jimmy 's computer screen show the exterior of the space station - a dented panel with something yellow stick in it . the screen be too fuzzy to tell what it be . Anton look over Jimmy 's shoulder . jimmy what be that ? anton it look like ... I do not know . a asteroid would have do more damage . jimmy it 's small ... and yellow . int . airlock module - night 42 42 Anton , suite up put on he helmet , press button and step into the airlock . he resolutely press the button to close the door . Red light flood the airlock . int . control room - night 43 43 valentina , tilda and Jimmy watch the monitor . valentina he 's almost there . he 's get it . tilda , make sure we orbit be lock . tilda ! tilda sit face away from they , worried . valentina ( cont 'd ) snap out of it tilda . jimmy why do not you give she a break ? valentina do you say something ? jimmy take it easy . valentina do not get on my bad side Jimmy . anton ( o.s. ) Val , meet I in the airlock module right away . tilda turn to face they . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 27 . omitted 44 44 int . airlock module - night 45 45 valentina tilda and Jimmy wait by the door . the red light come on in the airlock . Anton be in the airlock in full space gear . Red light turn off inside airlock . AIR hissing SOUND . the inner airlock hatch open . valentina help Anton off with he helmet . in he glove hand be a slightly burn rubber duckie . Anton take off he suit top and pants , down to he underwear . valentina hmm . anton be this you rubber duckie ? valentina it look like it . anton it be dent into the outer hull . valentina take the ducky and walk off . valentina how do this get into space ? anton you tell I . Anton follow she . int . recreation room - night 45a 45 a valentina sit at the table . two rubber duck on the table - she regular one and the slightly burn one from space . Anton come over to she with Jimmy , in he underwear . tilda sit at the far end . anton how many of that thing do you have ? valentina one . Anton pick they up , look they all over , look at the bottom . one say V +g , the other say G +v underneath . anton they be identical . why would you deny it 's yours ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 27a . valentina because it 's not . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 28. Jimmy look at the duck . jimmy they be not identical . see ? tilda come between they and check out the duck urgently . Jimmy lean in next to she . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what be it tilda ? anton do you know something about this ? tilda walk away . valentina have she say anything today ? anton not to I . valentina she 's act weird . anton I have not notice . omitted scene 46-47 46 46 ext . western alliance sanitation station - day 48 48 the station 's orbit come into the sunlight . int . crew quarter ~ jimmy room - day 49 49 Jimmy wake up . his clock say " 06:00 " . he have bed-head . int . recreation room - day 50 50 Anton practice martial art with multiple style in he karate gear . Jimmy pass by , get a sandwich . anton you shift start ten minute ago . valentina sip coffee at the table as Jimmy walk past . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 29 . valentina coffee machine be still break . it barely make one cup so there 's nothing leave for you . fix it today please . Jimmy walk past Val 's room , glance in . from he pov see ... omitted 51 51 int . crew quarter ~ valentina's room - day 52 52 tilda search through the drawer and rummages around everywhere . a duckie on the table . Jimmy come to the door . jimmy do you lose something ? tilda put she finger to she lip like shhhh and walk past he out into the hall . omitted scene 53-54 53 53 int . computer room - day 55 55 Jimmy have a three - ring binder mark ` " w.e.n.d.i . " - central computer - repair ops manual ' . he peel open a foil - wrap sandwich and eat while he read . jimmy wendi ? nothing happen . he press some button and read more . Jimmy kick the computer in frustration . tilda come in . she look all around the room and at the computer . jimmy ( cont 'd ) oh hey tilda ! what be you look for ? tilda poke the computer . jimmy ( cont 'd ) have you work in space a long time ? I be still get use to it . I think I would like it better . a lot less excitement than I figure . I guess it 's a good thing though - after what happen to Earth . ( more ) Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 30 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I mean , whatever happen out there we be still alive . what do you think happen ? tilda look at Jimmy . she place she hand on the computer . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I be testing the circuit come off the recursive logic decoupler for a memory leak . want to help ? tilda kick the computer . the computer screen flicker on and number scroll on the monitor . jimmy ( cont 'd ) why do not you say anything ? Jimmy hit the intercom button . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Anton ? I fix the computer . tilda sit down and flip through a binder . Jimmy sit close to she . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I know you be look for something . I can help . just tell I . tilda be about to say something - but valentina come in . valentina you do it . take you long enough . Anton come in . anton finally ! wendi ? jimmy it 's load . the screen settles on the " w.a.s.s. regina " station logo . anton wendi ? respond . the computer 's voice be glitchy at first , then improve . it now sound male . wendi ( o.s. ) bleep blorp hello Commander balvenie . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 31 . anton why do it have a man 's voice ? wendi ( o.s. ) human interface system be operate at default setting . anton I like the old voice better . fix the voice . valentina wendi ; status report . number scroll on the screen . cryptic shape . progress bar . wendi ( o.s. ) several system be sub-nominal include communication , vector processing and memory module 23 to 93 . log show a collision have occur . anton that be the rubber duck . Jimmy type on the keyboard . anton ( cont 'd ) well do , Jimmy . valentina wendi , can you reach ground control ? number scroll on the screen . wendi ( o.s. ) no communication . relay station not respond . initial analysis be negative . valentina wendi , what happen to we ? the computer screen flicker off with a `power down ' sound . anton wendi ? they look at Jimmy with every kind of hate . jimmy I do not know what happen . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 32. valentina leave , brush past Jimmy . anton fix it . jimmy I think tilda can help . anton sure . she 's useless to I . tilda , help Jimmy . tilda walk away . anton ( cont 'd ) or go . that 's fine too . work on that attitude tilda . be I the only one try to maintain order on this station ? I be tell you it 's lonely at the top . Jimmy try to appreciate this . omitted 56 56 int . passageway - night 57 57 [ no yellow shield on window . ] Jimmy wander down the hall , wear one of Anton 's jumpsuit , read the technical binder . it 's darker . tilda be stand look out the window into space , with she reflection in the glass . jimmy hi tilda . trouble sleep ? tilda look at he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) want to play scrabble ? int . recreation room - night 57a 57a tilda and Jimmy be in the middle of a scrabble game . jimmy what 's happen to we tilda ? what 's with the rubber duck ? she look at he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Anton think you be space- crazy . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 33. tilda make the word " oxyphenbutazone " and look at he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) sometimes you do seem kind of distant . tilda turn the board to face she . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I guess you be just deal with thing in you own way . tilda have a idea ! she grab all the tile and start make word . secret . intruder on board . danger . Jimmy lean over look . tilda be very serious . Anton lean in ( out of nowhere ) . anton you have to connect the word . Jimmy knock the board up in nervous reaction to hide the message . anton ( cont 'd ) do I startle you ? I be everywhere Jimmy . I have get my eye on you . be that my jumpsuit ? who say you could wear my jumpsuit ? jimmy I do not pack anything else . anton you have to earn that uniform . you can not just put it on . wash it carefully , fold it and put it back . Jimmy get up , hesitantly leave tilda . anton ( cont 'd ) and you , shape up . Anton go to he quarter . int . crew quarter ~ anton be room - night 58 58 valentina look at she 2 rubber duck , Anton come in . anton what be so special about that rubber duck ? why do you keep it around ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 33A . valentina fond memory . anton fond ? Anton take one and look at the v+g write on the bottom . valentina yes . what 's wrong with that ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 34 . anton be they more fond or less fond than memory of I ? valentina I do not know . it 's not all about you . I want to get off this station Anton . I want out of here before we be strand . I need a change of scenery . I be sick of this place . anton so , whoever give you the rubber duck have nothing to do with you change of heart . valentina no . it have nothing to do with Gary . anton oh , Gary ? so we have a name now . right ... Gary . so what 's Gary up to this day ? do you keep in touch ? valentina grab she duck , bath robe and towel from the room . valentina I have not speak to he in year . he be just a friend . anton you have just happen to have a grow collection of he bath toy . valentina this be none of you business . you and I be separate now . anton we be ? Val grab she 2nd duckie from Anton and exit . anton ( cont 'd ) since when ? int . computer room - night 59 59 a bunch of cable run from a open panel below the computer screen . Jimmy ( wear he old clothing ) shove all the computer part into the wall and close the panel . wendi ( o.s. ) beep . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 34a . jimmy wendi , can you identify I ? wendi ( o.s. ) you be Station Engineering specialist Jimmy Anderson . you be a Libra . you favorite color be blue . you favorite food be chocolate cake . jimmy how be you do ? Jimmy type , flip switch , leaf through binder and test circuit under the follow scene . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 35 . wendi ( o.s. ) all system be nominal , however I have not receive a mission protocol update from western Alliance Ground Control . how be you feel ? jimmy it look like you social interface program be back online . wendi ( o.s. ) yes Jimmy , it be . I be pleased that you notice . jimmy why do you have a man 's voice ? wendi ( o.s. ) I be operate on default human interface setting . jimmy Anton hate it . wendi ( o.s. ) would you like to select a different interface protocol ? jimmy no stay like this . can you show I the station video monitor ? a grid of grainy black and white video camera come up . one screen show valentina walk down the hall angrily with she bath robe , towel and 2 rubber ducky . another monitor show a medium shot of tilda kneel in engineering area next to a wall panel mark t518 . she look around nervously and open it . wendi ( o.s. ) Jimmy , I appear to have a open access port in my t518 array . Jimmy zoom in , it 's grainy . tilda pull out a row of circuit label " t518 d7 " , remove a small circuit board and look at it . she close the panel . Jimmy watch tilda on the monitor screen : she sit back and unzip she flight suit . he lean in towards the monitor . jimmy why be woman so complicated ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 36 . wendi ( o.s. ) if you wish to improve a social relationship I recommend engage in friendly conversation . jimmy what 's you t518 array use for ? wendi t518 be a language processor for human interface system . on the monitor we can see tilda take the circuit board and jam it into she torso on she right side . the screen garbles slightly with electrical interference . Jimmy zoom in but it 's hard to see what 's go on . tilda rub she side , there 's no mark and the circuit board be go . she zip up she jumpsuit and try to talk with fax sound . tilda zzzbboooorrrrrpxkxs ! Jimmy watch the monitor with distract fascination . jimmy have you ever be in love , wendi ? wendi ( o.s. ) I love be the orbital sanitation station mainframe computer . anton ( o.s. ) you do not fix the voice . Jimmy quickly switch off the video monitor screen and turn around . Anton come in . jimmy it 's stick this way . anton what 's the male version of wendi ? Winston ? walter ? walter . wendi ( o.s. ) wendi be use for both sex . jimmy I know a guy name wendi . I call he wendi once . maybe by mistake . I think he name be wendal . anton we be call you walter from now on . okay walter ? walter . respond . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 36a . no response for a second . wendi ( o.s. ) my name be wendi . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 37 . anton see if you can fix the coffee machine next . jimmy what 's wrong with the coffee machine ? anton how should I know ? jimmy I be not sure this power converter be go to hold and we be out of spare . wendi could go down again . anton go look in the salvage bay , there 's probably something you can use . jimmy ok . anton now . jimmy oh , ok . Jimmy get up and go . omitted 60 60 int . engineering module - night 61 61 the room be dark and a bit spooky , besides the better- light area around the tub where valentina splashes around . her bath robe be hang nearby . she look at she rubber duck , focus on the slightly burn one . valentina where do you come from ? she put the duck in the water with she . the duck bob on the soapy wave . int . control room - night 62 62 a ship explode in the vector graphic game space war . Anton turn off the game and turn to a different screen . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 38. anton wendi , check you file on crew psychology , and emergency situation management . cancel that . anything on relationship counsell ? wendi ( o.s. ) my file appear corrupt . would you like to perform a relational database integrity check and defragment my core memory ? anton no. hold on . wendi ( o.s. ) a full scan and reboot will take approximately six hour . anton abort ! Anton ponder . anton ( cont 'd ) what do you have on valentina 's work history ? wendi ( o.s. ) full record be online . anton do she work with someone name Gary ? wendi ( o.s. ) valentina work as a intern with scientist Gary pinback , Antarctica research station . anton who be this guy ? wendi ( o.s. ) Professor pinback be a lead expert in transdimensional transportation theory and - anton yes yes . I mean what be he like ? do he have a lot of girlfriend ? do you have any vital statistic , medical record , history of sexually transmit disease ? ( more ) Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 39 . anton ( cont 'd ) picture with he shirt off like at a beach maybe ? any data on he anatomy ? Anton lean close to a screen that scroll data . anton ( cont 'd ) my god he be hang like a donkey . omitted scene 63 - 65 63 63 int . storage module - night 66 66 box fall off the shelf with a crash . Jimmy move they out of the way . the wall be mark salvage BAY 12 . hazardous area . hard hat zone . other construction site iconography . Jimmy pull aside some junk and scrap , find Gary 's time cube they salvage from the crash . it look useful to he . the device have a control pad and socket for plug . it 's a little heavy . he turn it over and examine it . jimmy what the heck be this ? he fumble and drop it . a flash of light white - out the room . Jimmy rub he eye and look at the box - blue light glow inside and it start to hum . int . engineering module - night 67 67 valentina snooze with a wet cloth over she eye in the tub . the flash of light pass through . the burn space- duckie sit on the tub edge , as if watch she . strange humming from Jimmy 's device be hear . the duckie' eye move to focus on valentina . valentina take off a wet cloth from she face and look around . the duckie do not move . she put the cloth back on . the rubber duckie be definitely watch she . int . control room - night 68 68 continue scene . Anton get up , sit down . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 40 . anton what be he know for ? do he have a good sense of humor ? be it better than mine ? wendi ( o.s. ) Professor pinback theorize that it be possible to transport life form between dimension of time and space to parallel reality . anton that do not sound like sexy or glamorous work do it ? it sound like a lot of math . wendi ( o.s. ) dimensional transport may be a explanation for the absence of human life detect outside the station . anton so how long do Val and Gary work together ? wendi ( o.s. ) approximately three year . anton do they go on any trip together ? wendi ( o.s. ) that information be not on file . anton you be completely useless wendi , you know that ? absolutely stupid and useless . what good be you ? Anton go back into he game of space war . wendi ( o.s. ) I be sorry . int . engineering module - night 69 69 valentina snooze in the tub . the alive rubber duckie scoot past the normal duckie and slip into the water . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 41. the duckie approach valentina in the water . tentacles appear from under it . it 's get closer to she face . valentina reach up and hit the intercom suddenly , not see the duckie , cause a splash to hide the duckie with bubbles . valentina what the hell be that hum sound ? hello ? Anton ? Anton ? int . storage module - night 69a 69 a Jimmy look at the menace glow device . he shake it . the hum sound and blue glow die out . he gather up some cable and the box and walk out . int . engineering module - night 69b 69b valentina zip up she jumpsuit , toss a wet towel next to the ducky on the ground . after she walk away with she robe , the towel move - the duck be under it . int . crew quarter ~ hallway - night 69c 69c Jimmy stroll in with the time cube in hand . omitted scene 70- 72 70 70 int . recreation room - night 73 73 tilda sit by the sandwich machine . Anton come over to she . anton how 's it go tilda ? tilda stare at he . anton ( cont 'd ) since all this strange event start you have not say a word , have not sleep at all as far as I can see . I have notice . you have not eat . I can see you be deeply troubled by what 's happen . frankly , I be a little disappointed that you have not hold it together . you be a train officer . thing might be a bit grim but I assure you I have make it through worse situation than this . ( more ) Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 41a . anton ( cont 'd ) you just need a positive attitude . try a smile once in a while . can you do that ? ( more ) Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 42. anton ( cont 'd ) let a smile be you umbrella . can you get back on the team ? tilda stare at he . anton ( cont 'd ) I be not hearing a answer . Jimmy come in with the time cube and cable from the salvage room and put it on the table . tilda you have find the time cube . they share astonishment at tilda 's finally speak . jimmy be that what it be ? anton what 's a time cube ? tilda we have to make sure it never activate . jimmy what do you mean by activate ? I mean it be on when I find it . valentina come in with she bath robe . she see they and the time cube . valentina what the hell be go on ? I hear this strange hum noise ... tilda all life on earth just end . jimmy I think all life on earth end last week . valentina throw down she bath robe and go to she quarter . valentina great Anton . anton now she 's mad at I ? this one be not on I . omitted scene 74 - 80 74 74 Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 43. int . engineering module - night 81 81 it 's dark and scary . the duckie scuttle in and out of shadow , leave a thin trail of mucus . just before it disappear we see its silhouette rear up near the door and let loose a bone-chill throaty howl of rage . gary quaaaack ! ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 82 82 the station orbit the earth . the quaaack echoe into space . int . crew quarter ~ valentina's room - night 83 83 valentina be pace , drying she hair . Anton barge into the room , with valentina 's bath robe in hand . valentina she 's speak now ? since when ? and why be she tell you all this thing and not I ? anton calm down . valentina I be calm . valentina throw a towel at he . anton why be you mad at I ? valentina because you be exclude I . anton if you be in the control room instead of take bath , you might know what 's go on . by the way , you and this Gary guy be a lot more than friend . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 44 . valentina how would you know ? anton wendi tell I . valentina that 's a invasion of my privacy . anton so it 's true . I know it . int . recreation room - night 84 84 Jimmy and tilda examine the time cube . jimmy what be this ? tilda this be a chronotronic quantum flux transfer event generator . jimmy oh yeah ? he reach for it ... tilda it 's the most dangerous machine ever create . jimmy oh. Jimmy pull he hand back and sit on he hand look at the cube . int . control room - night 84a 84a a slow track around the control room at ground level . it 's empty dark and scary . camera stop on a chair that drip a bit of slime . int . crew quarter ~ valentina's room - night 85 85 Anton sit with he back to valentina . they be not talk . valentina continue to fix up after just have a bath . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 45 . anton let put the Gary stuff aside . maybe you use to see he , maybe you be just friend , whatever . the important thing be you be over he and you be with I now . let not fight like this . valentina you be right Anton . Anton be encourage by she sweet voice and friendly tone . anton good . valentina what 's the point of I fight with a shit for brain , whiney little half pint control freak with no ball , stinky stupid fuck with no sense of style , charm or personal hygiene . anton so you do not want to talk right now . I be go to go get a cup of coffee . why do not you adjust you attitude and join I when you be ready . Anton go . int . recreation room - night 85a 85 a continue . Jimmy sit next to tilda . tilda I be a robot . jimmy you be ? tilda put she finger near Jimmy 's arm . a small spark jump . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ow . do that again . she do it again . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ow. stop. tilda I run on electricity . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 45a . jimmy do it again . int . control room - night 86 86 the rubber duckie ( duck1 ) at Anton 's keyboard . slow keyboard typing sound . ecu from below : the rubber duckie 's eye darting leave and right with the keyboard sound . it 's type something , while breathe asthmatically . it drip some slime . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 46 . int . recreation room - night 87 87 Jimmy eat a sandwich at the table next to tilda . Anton come in and try again to make a cup of coffee . jimmy tilda 's a robot . anton no she be not . jimmy I be pretty sure she be . valentina come in , see the time cube glow . Anton pull out a chair for she . valentina Nice to hear you speak again tilda . valentina sit away from Anton . tilda I have never speak before today . where I come from , we do not need to speak . valentina we have all hear you speak . tilda I have come from a mirror universe . anton since when ? jimmy it 's okay , tell they what you tell I . tilda someone have be travel across parallel universe cause disaster on a galactic scale . we Earth be almost completely destroy . ( more ) Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 47 . tilda ( cont 'd ) we discover that this station be the nexus point of all the damage reality . we have just once chance to send I here , to take you tilda 's place , in order to stop this time cube from be activate . anton my station be the nexus ? valentina but we do not activate anything . do you turn it on ? Jimmy lift the box . jimmy it 's get some kind of port at the bottom which I have not figure out . anton put down the time cube . Jimmy put it down . valentina do you turn it on ? jimmy no . not really . it turn itself on . I might have drop it . it be on before I find it . beep beep beep - a beep sound . anton wendi , what 's the matter ? wendi ( o.s. ) a power fluctuation have be detect in my command relay in the control room . anton Jimmy ? do not you fix that ? jimmy yes . this be new . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 48. anton Val , want to check it out ? valentina why I ? anton you want to be involved , this be be involved . valentina Fine . keep a eye on the robot . int . passageway - night 87a 87a valentina walk through the connector pod and into the passageway , down toward the control room . no yellow shield . int . control room - night 87b 87b valentina come in . the o.s. beep beep beep from before play in here . she hit a button on a control panel and it turn off . valentina nominal , nominal , five by five ... she hit the intercom . valentina ( cont 'd ) Anton ? anton ( o.s. ) go ahead Val . valentina it look like a false alarm . anton ( o.s. ) okay . come to the rec room . I make coffee . she turn off the intercom . there 's some slime . valentina who 's be mess with the - valentina look to she leave . there 's a rubber duck sit there . she 's confuse . it move toward she . she 's paralyze with horror . it have tentacles peek out under it . valentina ( cont 'd ) oh my god . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 49 . she start to move away . gary please , do not run . my leg be short , and it hurt . valentina . it hurt to exist . I should not be here . valentina what the ... fff ... duck ? gary I be stick in a transdimensional rift across the twelfth dimension . Gary lurch toward valentina . she recoil . gary ( cont 'd ) do not run away . valentina what do you want ? gary I need to get back to my dimension . I need my time cube . valentina , it 's I , Gary . Gary move very close to she . he put a tentacle on she hand . gary ( cont 'd ) my God you be beautiful . valentina you can not be ... Gary ? gary yes . it 's I . int . recreation room - night 87c 87c Anton pour coffee , offer to tilda who decline . tilda I do not drink anything . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 50 . anton so ... you be say you come here to replace we tilda and stop someone from use this time cube , but he 's not here . and what happen to we tilda ? tilda a accident happen . anton be she around here ? somewhere ? Anton eat he sandwich . tilda no . anton well , you can see why I would be concerned to hear a member of my crew be miss . tilda thing do not go as plan . I could not explain it to the other tilda . Professor pinback be not here like he be suppose to be . anton wait a minute . Gary pinback ? tilda yes . anton that 's the guy who 's suppose to be on this station ? tilda yes . anton Son of a bitch . int . control room - night 87d 87d cut back to Val and Gary have they chat . Val be more relaxed , start to take this in stride . valentina how do this happen , Gary ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 51. gary there be a accident . the cube be activate in my escape and I be shunt through a dimensional vortex into this stupid body . but I be on my way here for you . valentina for I ? gary I promise you that one day I would give you the world . I come here to keep that promise . I can take you away from all this . valentina Gary ... that be year ago . gary until I can activate the time cube I will continue to bleed across the dimensional boundary ... I do not know what I will become . valentina that sound painful . gary it 's very painful . I need you help valentina . there be not much time . alarm go off - red siren light . valentina turn to look around . she turn back and Gary be go . valentina Gary ? int . recreation room - night 87e 87e continue scene of Anton , tilda and Jimmy . the red cherry light turn on here as they just do in the control room . anton what the hell be go on now ? tilda Gary must be onboard . this be how it begin . I be already too late . tilda sit on the floor depressed . Anton go . anton I be go to the control room . you keep a eye on ... the robot . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 51a . jimmy she have a name . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 52. anton I be tell you , if that son of a bitch be on my station I be go to find he . you two stay put . Anton leave . Jimmy sit next to tilda . jimmy hey . what 's the matter ? tilda the cube have be activate . there 's nothing I can do to stop it . infinite universe will be destroy . jimmy we can try . look , last week I never think I would be work orbit . everyone tell I it be impossible . I do not have the training . I do not have the stomach . people say , that Jimmy , he 's never get off Earth . but I get myself together and pay a guy a hundred and fifty buck to forge my certification form and the next thing you know , here I be . tilda I do not mean to kill she . the other tilda . jimmy I be sure you do not . hey , let go use wendi 's camera to see if we can find Gary if he 's on board . tilda ok . int . passageway B - night 87f 87f tilda and Jimmy walk with the time cube . tilda stop . tilda you be nice . jimmy I be glad you can speak . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 53. tilda there 's something else I could not say before . jimmy what be it ? tilda we can not trust valentina . int . control room - night 87g 87g valentina be look around . she can not find Gary . Anton come in . he press a button and it turn off the siren sound and cherry light . anton what 's happen ? valentina I do not know . the control relay be all offline . anton Gary be onboard the station . valentina freeze . valentina what ? anton have you talk to he ? valentina no . anton wendi , be there another man on this station besides myself ? wendi ( o.s. ) Jimmy be onboard the station . anton besides Jimmy ? wendi ( o.s. ) no Anton . anton where the hell be he hide ? what be you two up to ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 54 . valentina get off my case Anton . I do not know what you be talk about . who say Gary be here ? anton tilda . valentina she say she 's a robot . do you believe everything everyone tell you ? anton you get the second duck from he . admit that . valentina if you want answer we should go down there and grill the robot . anton Fine . let start with that . valentina she 's probably the one who blow out the control system . whatever we do , we can not leave they with the cube anymore . anton what 's the big deal with this cube ? suddenly the room jolt . Red warning on monitor . omitted scene 88-99 88 88 int . computer room - night 100 100 tilda and Jimmy brace themselves . the room tremble . anton ( o.s. ) Jimmy ? we have get a situation here . take tilda to the computer room and see if you can get the control system back up . jimmy we be in the computer room . anton ( o.s. ) I tell you to stay put . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 55 . jimmy ok . he turn off the intercom . jimmy ( cont 'd ) do you know what 's happen ? tilda I do not know . I do not think we have much time . jimmy not much time like a few day ? tilda hour . the room shake again . the light flicker . omitted scene 101-107 101 101 int . control room - night 108 108 Val and Anton sit at the control as the room shake . evil metal creak noise tear through . alarm sound . more screen turn to static and garble . valentina Anton ? anton something be definitely wrong . check the air pressure . valentina Anton ! anton what ? valentina okay . I have not be totally honest . anton oh ? the rubber duck ( duck 2 ) scuttle across the floor behind they but Anton do not see it . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 56 . valentina Gary be onboard . anton where be the bastard ? how the hell do he get on the station ? valentina you bring he in . anton when do I do that ? valentina notice that Gary ( duck 2 ) be in front of Anton , hide on a shelf , drip slime . valentina he 's just come for the time cube . that 's all he need to get back to he dimension and put thing right . its eye glow faintly red . anton sure. naturally . he just want he time cube . he 's not interested in you ? valentina he 's the only one that can send we home and set thing right . Anton follow she gaze and see the duck there . anton what the hell be that ? Anton move around and slowly approach it . he take out he laser blaster and charge it . the duck cower and back deeper into the corner of the shelf . anton ( cont 'd ) Anton , you be scare he . anton ( cont 'd ) him ? hello little guy . do not be afraid . we mean you no harm . hey there . Val what the hell be this thing ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 57 . he get ready to fire . valentina that 's Gary . Anton slowly move closer to it . anton what ? this thing ? Anton point he laser . Gary tremble with fear . valentina no ! Anton pull the trigger . it go click click . anton that 's odd . the battery must be - Gary leap at Anton 's head . they crash through the room as it attack he . paper fly from binder throw around . Anton scream . the laser pistol be knock to the floor , break . blood splatter against a console , and across valentina 's face . Val scream , stare at the off-screen attack . Anton be throw down , he turn around and try to see where the duck be . he 's scratch up . it scuttle away down the hall behind he , out of he sight . anton ( cont 'd ) where do that little bastard go ? omitted 109 109 int . recreation room - night 110 110 valentina pull a first - aid kit off the wall and open it . Anton have a trivial cut on he head . anton it sure be strong for a little guy . valentina I tell you to be careful . anton why do not you just tell I about he ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 58. valentina I try to tell you . valentina clean he cut . she dig through the kit for tape . valentina ( cont 'd ) how be you head ? anton it hurt . valentina stick a band -aid on Anton . anton ( cont 'd ) do you know what this thing be when we bring it on board ? valentina no , of course not . anton look what he do . valentina he be frighten . anton whose side be you on ? a noise down the hall . Anton pull the handlebar off the elliptical exercise machine and hold it like a club as he go to one side of the room next to the hall . anton ( cont 'd ) can you see it ? valentina no . Anton peek down the hall quickly . he reach to draw he laser blaster - he holster be empty . anton something be come . stay back . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 59 . valentina Anton wait ! anton I will not hurt he much . I will just subdue he , okay ? that 's fair , be not it ? Jimmy run around the corner into the room . anton ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! Anton 's war-cry be spend on Jimmy who jump back frighten . jimmy ahhh ! anton what be you do ? jimmy I be look for you ! anton we have a guest onboard . tilda follow carry the time cube . jimmy what happen to you face ? anton a rubber duck attack I . jimmy what ? int . storage module - night 111 111 it 's dark . a duck - shape scuttle along the floor , casting flicker shadow on the wall ( duck 2 , frame larger ) Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 60 . gary ( o.s. ) gggrrrrroooarr ! omitted 112 112 int . recreation room - night 113 113 tilda open a compartment and locate sandwich . Jimmy sit tinkering with the bust laser pistol through the scene . valentina take the sandwich . jimmy so it 's some kind of animal ? anton yes . and it 's grow . jimmy how big be it ? anton like a small dog maybe . and it bite . hard . what have you get ? valentina Rice , butter , carrot jam . anton God help we . valentina Ham . anton ah , ham . give I the ham . valentina reluctantly give up the ham sandwich . they eat . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 61 . jimmy we check with wendi . it do not look like Gary be on board . anton the duck ... be Gary . tilda how ? anton valentina have something she would like to tell we . valentina I do not know all the fact . anton go on . please . valentina the time cube send he here through the duck . it be a accident . jimmy this be the Gary that tilda say destroy Earth . he 's a duck ? valentina he 's on this station . he 's part man , part rubber duck , part something else . anton and I be go to kill he . valentina how be that go to help ? anton he try to eat my face , Val . valentina he 's go through a lot of change . he 's not think straight . but he 's the only one that set thing right if we give he the time cube . tilda he 's not here to help we . valentina I suppose you have help we ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 62. anton I be with tilda on this one for now . valentina you be what ? jimmy I too . valentina shut up Jimmy , no one ask you . metal creaking noise o.s. , sound of cable snap . anton sorry Val . plan a : we get control of Gary . we be go to assume he 's only go to keep smash thing . Jimmy , tilda , work on wendi . if we can get eye on he and close door remotely we can trap he - another smashing noise echoe through the frame of the station . distant creak metal sound . anton ( cont 'd ) Val and I will look for the duck . valentina no . anton you say yourself he 's not think straight . I be definitely not give he the time cube - that 's what get we into this mess . jimmy do we have any weapon ? Anton open a drawer . he spill out a handful of disposable plastic knife on the table . anton everyone take one . they do . Jimmy bend he . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 63. jimmy no laser ? microwave rifle ? anton laser 's break . make do . Jimmy grab the piece of the break laser pistol , plastic knife and half a sandwich in he pocket , then put the time cube into a backpack . Anton take the backpack . anton ( cont 'd ) I will take that . Jimmy let he have it . anton ( cont 'd ) I will keep it safe . int . passageway B ~ intersection - night 114 114 Anton , Val , Jimmy , tilda walk into the four- way intersection , then pair off in different direction . Anton have he backpack . int . airlock module - night 115 115 valentina come in , look around . she poke the space suit . valentina Gary ? Anton poke he head in . anton Val ? valentina do you see he ? anton no . we should split up . use the intercom if you find he . valentina what be you go to do with he Anton ? anton I be go to ask he nicely to stop destroy my space station for starter . that 's reasonable be not it ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 64 . valentina I suppose . anton then I be go to kill he as hard as I can . int . storage module - night 116 116 Anton search through the room . he 's jumpy . scratch up papers , claw mark , burn , break piece of equipment . slime trail . he bump into a hang cable , startling he . but it 's not a tentacle , it 's just a cable . int . computer room - night 117 117 Jimmy walk through with tilda . the computer buzz and light blink . they look around for Gary cautiously . tilda Jimmy ? wait . jimmy what be it ? tilda give Jimmy a little kiss . suddenly he eye open wide as something happen when they lip touch , time slow down and everything get brighter , fade to : int . tilda' brain - night 117a 117a Jimmy and tilda face each other in a haze of glow light . jimmy this be cool . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 65 . tilda open she mouth and electronic synthesizer sound come out for just a quick instant before they : int . computer room - night 117b 117b flash back to reality , tilda move away from Jimmy . they be back to when they be mid-kiss . Jimmy fall over . jimmy woah . tilda be you ok ? Jimmy be stunne . the room shake from a o.s. explosion . tilda ( cont 'd ) Jimmy ?! Jimmy look around . tilda ( cont 'd ) in my dimension we all run on electricity . jimmy I have a headache . but it be nice . tilda I be sorry Jimmy . jimmy you know , we can try other way of show how we feel . there be way we do it in this dimension you might not have hear about yet ... the room shake hard and binder fall off the shelf , the light flicker , metal snap noise o.s. tilda there 's no time for that now . jimmy right . omitted 118 118 Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 66 . int . recreation room - night 119 119 tentacles of Gary ( duck2 ) slither past . his tentacles bang the table . gary arrggh ? Gary flutter in a blur into the shadow . int . computer room - night 120 120 tilda and Jimmy try to access the computer . it 's not work . jimmy the power system be still on . we need to locate the damage circuit . they could be anywhere between here and the control room . Gary must have do something . tilda let I ask wendi . she reach into the computer panel and find a rs232 cable . jimmy what be you go to do ? tilda turn around . tilda unzip she jumpsuit . jimmy ok . Jimmy turn around . tilda stick the rs232 cable down the front of she jumpsuit bottom area and feel around with the cable until she find she socket . click . tilda access . Jimmy really want to know what 's go on . tilda ( cont 'd ) no peek . Jimmy turn away again , face the computer monitor . jimmy can you explain what you be do ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 67 . tilda I be access wendi 's backup system . jimmy I mean what be you do with that rs232 cable ? number flash on the screen . wendi ( o.s. ) hello tilda . tilda hello wendi . Central logic processor be up . all system be online - the control interface have be disconnect . tilda keep access the computer with she brain . tilda ( cont 'd ) it be the duck . jimmy Gary ? what be it try to do ? tilda look . the monitor show a wire - frame diagram of the space station in motion , with trajectory and reading . a red circular line indicate the orbit of the station , and it intersect with Earth . the little icon of the station be slowly move on that line toward the `re zone ' . " warning " text blink . tilda ( cont 'd ) the station 's orbit have be alter . we be go to hit the atmosphere . jimmy how long do we have ? tilda about twenty eight minute . jimmy be you sure ? she 's sure . Jimmy hit the intercom . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Anton ? Anton ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 68. tilda the intercom be lock out . we have to get to the control room . tilda turn away , unplug the cable with a shiver and pull the cable out of she pants . she zip up . jimmy you be go to have to explain that later . tilda reach she hand toward Jimmy . Jimmy put he hand out . a spark jump between they hand . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ow ! tilda oh Jimmy . you do not have a static discharge buffer . you be completely make of meat . jimmy meat that love you , tilda . tilda it may not be possible for we to overcome we physiological difference in this universe . jimmy it sure would be fun to try . tilda smile in agreement . int . control room - night 121 121 valentina look under the communication equipment . there 's a half - open compartment at the end of the room , fill with deep shadow . a wall panel be also open . she move slowly toward it . she peek in the wall panel . it 's empty . she move on toward the other compartment . valentina reach slowly toward the open compartment , she heart racing . valentina Gary ? be you there Gary ? we have to talk . she open the compartment - just a pair of dusty headphone inside . she relax . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 69 . Jimmy run in , startling she . she bang she head on the control panel . valentina ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! jimmy ahhhhhh ! valentina punch he face . valentina ahhhh ! jimmy ow ! valentina what be you do ? jimmy ow. stop. valentina you scared the crap out of I . jimmy where 's Anton ? valentina we split up . what be you do here ? jimmy we be fall out of orbit . Gary 's do something to the guidance system . have you find he ? valentina he 's not between here and engineering . jimmy then there 's only one place leave he could be . int . crew quarter ~ valentina's room - night 122 122 Anton be look at shady spot under the sleep cot , hold the elliptical machine handle as a club . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 70 . the room be full of dark corner ; each one seem to hold the promise of alien burst out . Anton explore cautiously . tilda ( o.s. ) Anton ! Anton spin around . tilda point past he . Anton look . the rubber duck be on the shelf ! Anton smashes it with the handle ! anton get it ! he stomp on it . squeak squeak . squeak . tilda that 's not it . anton oh. Anton lift he foot . it squeak . anton ( cont 'd ) it 's the normal one . a scuttle SOUND behind they . they turn and look . tilda do you hear that ? Anton go to she . they catch a glimpse of tentacle poke out of Anton 's room . it disappear around the corner . tilda ( cont 'd ) it 's horrible . anton tilda , get back . he hand she the backpack with the time cube . tilda take it and back away . int . crew quarter ~ hallway - night 122a 122a Anton come out of he room follow by tilda , peek around and try to see where Gary might be hide in he room across the hall . anton stay back . tilda be careful . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 70a . tilda stand in the hall of the crew quarter outside the door . scuttle scuttle sound . Anton go near he room , look around . he creep toward the door . int . crew quarter ~ anton be room - night 122b 122b anton where be you ? hiding . not so tough now be ya Gary ? you would better hide . scuttle sound . Anton go leave , toward he coffee table , be - aim he handlebar , guess where Gary be hide . Anton be almost at the door . Anton turn right . the shadow of Gary ( duck 3 ) rise up next to he bed : the tentacles be just the tip : it 's grow larger now . it bare tooth . gary where be the time cube ? anton what time cube ? gary I must have it . anton you come on my space station , try to steal my girlfriend , turn the place upside down and make demand for time cube . who do you think I be ? Anton prepare to strike . the duck tremble with excitement and rage . Anton grit he tooth . anton ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhh ! Anton swing he weapon high over he head and charge ! Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 71 . int . crew quarter ~ hallway - night 122c 122c tilda watch from the hallway outside Anton 's room : a sudden flurry of motion as Gary attack Anton , snarling . pillow and household item be tear up and throw around . crash sound . tilda duck down , unable to watch the violence . sound : Anton yell , thing break . violent crunch and punch . clange . blood spray on the wall next to tilda . she 's horrify . CUT to : Jimmy and valentina come from around the corner at the far end of the hall and stop when they hear the sound of thump scuttle scuttle . they cautiously peer down the hall . jimmy tilda ? tilda come out of Anton 's room , some blood spray on she face . tilda I need help . int . recreation room - night 122d 122d they clear off the table and lie Anton down . he 's twitching . valentina touch he and back away in horror . tilda where be the first - aid kit ? Jimmy look around , pull a medical kit from the wall . tilda ( cont 'd ) he 's leak . jimmy valentina , get some water . tilda first - aid examine Anton . he cough up blood . Jimmy turn around and there 's no valentina . jimmy ( cont 'd ) valentina ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 72. omitted scene 123-124 123 123 int . control room - night 125 125 valentina sit in a flight deck chair look at red emergency monitor warning message . she sit face the passageway , look at the blood on she hand . a husky rasp breathe sound come from Gary who hide around the edge of the doorway . valentina Gary . why be you do this ? Gary 's voice answer from the shadow . it sound bigger . gary ( o.s. ) for you . valentina but you will kill I as well if the station fall out of orbit . gary so , be you be with this Anton guy now ? valentina I be for a while . not sure now . gary ( o.s. ) he fight like a girl . do you think he would cross alternate dimension for you ? valentina I do not know . gary I travel through time for you . valentina I know . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 73. Gary lean out for a moment ( duck3 ) revealing a little more of himself and then slink back . valentina ( cont 'd ) you be mutate faster and faster . gary ( o.s. ) I could put everything back the way it be . would you want that ? would you want to keep live on this rusty space dumpster , forever ? with this Anton guy ? valentina look into the shadowy dark . valentina you do not need to hurt he Gary . Gary 's eye glimmer in the darkness . some tentacle too . gary ( o.s. ) come with I . we will return to Earth , to the dawn of man . there we will lay the foundation of a million - year dynasty , and rule a empire over all space and time . we will dominate the galaxy together . valentina together ? gary ( o.s. ) once I have the time cube , the universe be ours . valentina , I come here for you . I do this all for you . valentina that 's so sweet . she decide to step into the darkness . a tentacle wrap around she as she disappear into the dark . int . recreation room - night 126 126 tilda open the medical kit , snap on rubber glove and strap on a surgical mask . Jimmy bring napkin . she go the monitor near the hallway . tilda press button on the screen . the monitor screen say " medical database download " Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 74 . tilda Jimmy , we orbit be still decaye . we have to stop we descent . you have to go to the control room . jimmy be you go to be ok here ? tilda yes . Jimmy put down the napkin . omitted 127 127 int . passageway B - night 127a 127a Jimmy move fast but cautiously . int . recreation room - night 128 128 tilda slice , stitches and sew fast . blood splatter against tilda from Anton 's mouth . she squint and keep work . the room shimmy and shake . omitted 129 129 int . control room - night 130 130 valentina come in straighten she clothing and hair . Jimmy be work under a open control panel , he turn and see she . jimmy where do you go ? Anton be hurt pretty bad . gary ( o.s. ) attention crew of the western Alliance sanitation Station Regina . int . recreation room - night 131 131 tilda have finish she surgery and be take off she bloody glove . Anton be bandage , unconscious . she look up to hear : gary ( o.s. ) prepare to be incinerate . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 75 . int . control room - night 132 132 Jimmy go to the captain 's central console . jimmy he 's in the storage bay , go towards the crew quarter . tilda and I manage to reroute the door control . if I can just figure out ... Jimmy hit button . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ha. sucker . Jimmy dramatically hit a big button on the keyboard . int . storage module - night 133 133 a big light blink green next to the open door . cu on the door frame as the door close . locking SOUND . a tentacle slap angrily against the hatch window . int . control room - night 134 134 Jimmy work on the control . valentina come up behind he in a sneaky way , he do not notice . she 's hold a toolbox . jimmy he 's lock in . that should buy we some time but we have to hurry . help I figure out the thruster control . valentina creep up right behind Jimmy . Jimmy turn to see she too late : she bashes Jimmy in the head with the tool box and toss it aside . valentina use the keyboard . Jimmy roll over , regains focus . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? valentina I be leave Jimmy . I be do . jimmy where be you go ? tilda appear behind valentina and hit she in the back of she head with the toolbox . valentina go down . valentina rub she head . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 76 . valentina ow . tilda help Jimmy up . jimmy thanks tilda . oh no , she let Gary loose . int . storage module - night 135 135 a glimpse of Gary scamper out of the open hatch where he be trap before , leave a slime trail . int . control room - night 136 136 tilda finish bind valentina to a chair with tape . valentina give Gary the time cube . you do not know he like I know he . he will help we . he will save we . tilda be not convinced . Jimmy be on the solder damage circuit in a the control panel . he wear safety goggle . the time cube sit on the floor behind he . jimmy he 's a monster . valentina it 's just a phase . Jimmy close the console he 's work on . press button . the room shift to the leave . tilda we be enter the upper atmosphere . Jimmy stand up . Jimmy wipe the sweat off he face . jimmy that 's bad , be not it ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 77 . tilda we have fifteen minute . jimmy there 's too much damage to fix in fifteen minute . tilda maybe we should try to make a deal . a low rumble sound . jimmy we can not allow Gary to have total control of time and space . Jimmy get back down into the computer panel . tilda kneel next to he , watch . valentina look at the time cube on the floor and wriggle in she duct tape bond . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 137 137 the station start to hit the atmosphere and shake . int . control room - night 138 138 Jimmy and tilda press button and flip switch on the console as they talk . the room shimmy and shake more and more . the rumble sound increase . Jimmy turn one more switch . bleep blorp : the computer screen flicker on . tilda wendi be online . jimmy we be fall wendi . correct we orbital position . wendi ( o.s. ) I do not have full control of Station system . there be a break in the control path to my logic core . jimmy be anything work ? wendi ( o.s. ) rebooting and reinitialization will take approximately three hour . jimmy we have ... fourteen minute . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 78. tilda leave wendi to I . Jimmy reach into a open mess of cable in a compartment and toss tilda a rs232 cable . she turn away from he , unzip she jumpsuit and plug in she plug as before once Jimmy stop stare . Jimmy go under the central console and sneak glance to figure out what exactly she 's do . she zip up again with the cable stick out , and concentrate . the monitor flash on . Jimmy spill out the tool box , grab tool and stick he head back under the central console . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 139 139 the station start to hit the hazy atmosphere and shake more . part heat up . a antenna burn off . int . control room - night 140 140 the room shimmy and shake . valentina be strain against she duct tape wrapping . it 's loosen . they do not notice . Jimmy be wriggle around in the confine area . tilda ( o.s. ) we be enter the mesosphere . jimmy it 's ugly in here . I do not know where the break be . tilda ( o.s. ) network . Jimmy switch tool , move around a flashlight . wendi ( o.s. ) hello tilda . tilda hi wendi . the rumble sound increase . jimmy ( o.s. ) how 's it go ?! Jimmy be jamme deep in the panel , where he use a circuit tester , probing . he wipe off he sweaty brow . tilda try bank 5 , on unit lbj425 . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 79 . Jimmy shift around , probe . jimmy here ? tilda be focus on the monitor , do not notice valentina be loose of she duct tape and stand up behind they . tilda try the next circuit . int . passageway B - night 141 141 we can catch glimpsis of Gary lurching past . he 's bigger . hulk . int . control room - night 142 142 tilda sit , search with she brain use she rs232 cable patch into the computer . abstract data scroll fast down the screen . it reflect in she eye . jimmy ( o.s. ) be this it ? tilda no. hurry . valentina gently pick up the time cube and marvel at it for a brief moment before back out behind tilda and out the door , stumbling on the bulkhead a little and run off . Jimmy reach way deep into the panel and probe a circuit . jimmy here ? tilda you be get closer . the room shake suddenly extra hard . a creak of strain metal . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 80. int . passageway - night 143 143 we can just make out Gary and he tentacles drag himself around a corner . omitted 144 144 int . control room - night 145 145 Jimmy reach as far as humanly possible with he logic probe and touch a difficult - to - reach circuit way in the back , in a maze of jumble blink light , cable and circuit : jimmy there 's you problem . he pull out a smolder burn circuit . jimmy ( cont 'd ) the midrange data processor be burn out . I think we need it to control the thrust vector . tilda you can not fix it ? jimmy no way . no ... I do not have the part . this be serious . jimmy ( cont 'd ) we be dead . tilda no we be not . the room shake more . tilda unplug the rs232 cable from the wall and grab a cable cutter from Jimmy 's belt . she pull down she jumpsuit shoulder expose she back tattoo line again . Jimmy watch in fascination . tilda jab herself and cut a 6 inch hole in she abdomen . there 's no blood . she reach in and feel around . jimmy I wish you would warn I if you be go to do something like that . tilda wait ... Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 81. tilda grunt and grimace - something rip and she hand come out with a organic / electric device with blink light . wire and cable poke out of the hole in she stomach and drip with goo , she tuck they back in painfully with one hand and hold herself close as she hand the device to Jimmy . tilda ( cont 'd ) try use this . Jimmy take it with a mixture of horror and curiosity . jimmy do not you need it ? tilda I have two of they . Jimmy notice valentina be go . jimmy where 's Val ? tilda turn . tilda the time cube ! jimmy hold on , let I plug this in . Jimmy duck back under the panel and stuff the strange device into the socket of the circuit board . spark fly and light start blink ! the SOUND of the midrange data processor hum back to life . Green light on monitor . Jimmy clamp alligator clip around a break cable and scramble up . the monitor screen show green blink symbol . tilda use a staple gun to close she wound , show no sign of pain , tuck away she rs232 cable and zip up . jimmy ( cont 'd ) it work ! Jimmy see one monitor still show error . jimmy ( cont 'd ) it 's not work . tilda thruster control be on a different circuit . it 's still offline . tilda sink into a chair . the effort have wear she down . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 82. jimmy it should have work . tilda there 's another break in the control path . jimmy be you okay ? tilda I will be okay . but there 's only one way to target the thruster . jimmy how ? tilda manually . jimmy you mean outside ? tilda yes outside . the digital vector diagram monitor show they orbit fall into the `danger zone ' past the ` krmn line ' . Jimmy see tilda suffer . jimmy take this . Jimmy hand tilda Anton 's blaster - Jimmy find time to repair it with wire , duct tape , and junk . tilda you will need it . jimmy I will be ok . Jimmy get up to go , summon he courage . tilda Jimmy , in ten minute the outer hull will burn away completely . hurry . jimmy it 's go time . int . passageway - night 146 146 cable be loose , hang , red siren light . the wall rattle . Jimmy walk carefully , look for Gary . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 83. omitted 147 147 int . recreation room - night 148 148 valentina step out of the hall and stand near Anton . she hold the time cube . anton who 's there ? valentina ? valentina it 's over Anton . we be leave . anton something be wrong with you Val . you can not trust someone that want to eat you . valentina Gary love I . he love I in way you could not understand . anton I think we have have some good time . Anton notice Gary ( duck 3 ) lurking in the hall . anton ( cont 'd ) Gary ? I will kick you ass . Anton struggle to sit up . he fall back down . Val put down the time cube on the counter and help Anton settle down . valentina Gary ! I have the time cube ! Gary stay in the shadow , nearby . we can see he quiver and jiggle as he speak , suggestion of a jaw move , but lot of amorphous tentacles and bulg monstrous shape . gary ( o.s. ) before we go , one last thing . valentina what ? gary ( o.s. ) kill he . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 84. anton you pussy , come over here . afraid to fight like a man ? valentina look at Anton , look at Gary , conflict . int . passageway outside airlock - night 148a 148a blare siren , red cherry light . Jimmy come around to the door mark airlock module . he very slowly peek in , scared . int . recreation room - night 148b 148b continue with Anton , Val and Gary . gary ( o.s. ) I want to see you kill he . valentina we do not need to do that Gary . we can just go . gary ( o.s. ) killll himmmmm . Gary toss the bent exercise machine handlebar to she foot . she pick it up and look at Anton . Anton manage to sit up , face she without any aggression . anton if this guy be go to make you happy , go ahead . I understand . Val see Anton in a different light . anton ( cont 'd ) it 's ok . omitted 149a 149a int . airlock module - night 150 150 Jimmy enter the dark trash airlock module , look around . Space suit part be a mess on the floor . jimmy damn . Jimmy frantically sort through space suit part . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 85 . int . control room - night 150a 150 a tilda look at a screen that count down to 00:00:02:00 . jimmy ( o.s. ) I be enter the airlock . int . airlock module ( inside airlock ) - night 150b 150b Jimmy in a helmet and space suit stand nervous at the hatch . he hesitates . the light turn red . he press the button . int . recreation room - night 150c 150c Anton , Val and Gary continue . valentina heft the handlebar , check out Anton . he look pitiful . gary do it . valentina I do not see why - gary ( o.s. ) hurry up . kill he now . valentina give I a second Gary . gary ( o.s. ) do it now ! valentina can you give I a second Gary ? gary ( o.s. ) kill he ! valentina turn around defiantly . valentina I do not like be boss around . Anton nod in confirmation of this . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 151 151 Jimmy [ in spacesuit ] move along the exterior of the station . atmosphere blow past he . the air be thin but they be move fast . smoke trail from burn station bit stream past . the station shake . Jimmy be terrify , hold on for dear life . he sneeze in he helmet . the glass be all splatter . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 86. jimmy gah ! Pov Jimmy : splatter and mucus on the inside of the glass . int . control room - night 152 152 tilda lean over the control panel , watch monitor . jimmy ( o.s. ) I be outside the station . tilda keep go Jimmy , you have to align and fire the thruster in ninety second or we will implode . jimmy ( o.s. ) okay no problem . int . recreation room - night 152a 152a Gary come out of the shadow ( ' duck 3 ' ) . he 's a hulk monstrous thing . valentina be not intimidate . Anton be a little intimidate , still weak from he injury . gary so this be how it 's go to be . valentina yup . valentina swing high at Gary and catch he upside the head . he snarl and bashes she with a tentacle , knock away the handlebar . she give he a few punch , kick in the duck nut . Gary knock she down by the sandwich machine . Anton grab a chair . a tentacle come at Anton - it pull he over by he neck , he drop the chair , and be throw down by the hatch . Gary side step quickly , look around . he see the time cube on the counter and send a tentacle at it . valentina stab the tentacle with a plastic fork and it pull back , spraying green blood and mucous in a unexpectedly heavy geyser over valentina , Anton and the room . valentina throw the time cube over the table to Anton , who catch it . Gary refocuss on Val and move toward she . he bashes she with a tentacle send she over the table . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 87 . gary grrrrrooarrrr ! ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 153 153 Jimmy clamber along the rail that he 's clipped into . he come to the thruster . we hear he rapid breathe in the space suit . behind he be the expanse of cold space . the station rotate until the Earth take up the view behind he . everything shake . jimmy almost there . tilda ? tilda ? int . control room - night 154 154 the chair at the console where tilda sit be empty . the room shake . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 155 155 Jimmy reach a cone-shape thruster . he clip in a extra tether to a metal ring nearby and turn a handle , open a small access panel . jimmy how the hell do this work ? Jimmy find a small keypad and joystick in the panel . he hit button . Jimmy turn the joystick . the thruster next to he move . jimmy ( cont 'd ) okay . that 's good . int . control room - night 155a 155a the vector graphic show hull collapse imminent danger ! wendi ( o.s. ) ten second until hull collapse . int . recreation room - night 155b 155b Gary loom up over the daze valentina . Anton be daze . Gary be as scary as possible . tilda ( o.s. ) hey . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 88. Gary and Val turn toward the hallway : tilda 's there . she throw the laser blaster to valentina who catch it and aim at Gary . Gary freeze , afraid . valentina take great pleasure at pull the trigger . zzzzorch ! a beam blast from the blaster at Gary , instantly cause a immense splat ! valentina open she eye to see it rain Gary bit . Anton come over . anton be that my blaster ? tilda Jimmy fix it . Anton help valentina up . valentina thanks tilda . anton where be Jimmy ? omitted 156 156 ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 157 157 Jimmy at the thruster , he grip the joystick , feel woozy . jimmy here go nothing . he 's sweat profusely . he look at he glove - it 's burn . there 's orange - glow cinder fly off he boot . Jimmy hit the big red button ! a blast of plasma fire out of the thruster next to he . ( Wide shot ) over the course of five long second , the station stop fall . the thruster stop fire . he 's burn more now . his suit pop a leak ! smoke whizze out of a hole in he arm . he stare at it . jimmy ( cont 'd ) oh crap . int . control room - night 158 158 tilda run in to see a screen that show a vector graphic of the station in the " red zone " . it slowly start to correct . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 88a . tilda Jimmy ? come in Jimmy ! you do it . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 89 . valentina and Anton hobble in . valentina he do it . the room stop shaking . the rumble sound stop . tilda orbit be stabilize . Jimmy ? ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 159 159 Pov Jimmy : he 's lose consciousness , look at the pretty sunset . tilda ( o.s. ) Jimmy ? come in Jimmy . Jimmy ?! int . control room - night 159a 159a Anton and Val look worried . tilda rip off she headphone and walk out . int . passageway - night 159b 159b tilda walk then speed up into a run as Val and Anton sit in the background in the control room . [ no window cover ] int . airlock module - night 159c 159c tilda enter and open the inner airlock door , revealing Jimmy take off he scorched helmet . tilda Jimmy ! she hug he . jimmy be we ok ? tilda yes . you do it . int . control room - night 159d 159d Anton and Val sit next to each other . Val tenderly wipe some Gary goo off Anton 's face . anton thanks sweetie . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 89a . valentina you be twice the man Gary ever be . anton I know . she hug he . he wrap he manly arm around she . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 160 160 the Station orbit be stable . it 's a little burn but still in one piece . star twinkle . the night be silent . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 90 . omitted scene 161-165 161 161 int . computer room - night 166 166 tilda and Jimmy be sit , eat sandwich . the room be tidy now , cleaner than it 's ever be . food wrapper around . jimmy I could eat another . tilda Chicken ? jimmy Ham . she pull another sandwich from the shelf . tilda Ham . jimmy Nice . the time cube be on the floor with cable run into it from all over . tilda check the cable . tilda I think we be ready . Jimmy hit the intercom . jimmy Control room , be you ready ? anton ( o.s. ) ready . jimmy we be activate it . Jimmy hit key on a keyboard . all the computer screen turn on . the strange humming sound start . the time cube glow blue . the light dim slightly . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I think it 's work . tilda wendi ; status report please . she eat she sandwich . Jimmy pick up he sandwich and eat it . they both stare at the computer , eat sandwich . Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 91 . jimmy wendi ? what 's go on ? be it work ? wendi ( o.s. ) time cube interface activate . the hum get louder . jimmy maybe I should - ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 167 167 the space station orbit around the earth , then poof ; the entire station be go in a warping flash of light . int . computer room - night 168 168 the flash fade away . tilda and Jimmy stare at the computer screen . the blink light slow down . the humming sound die down . they rub they eye . the intercom click on . anton ( o.s. ) Jimmy ? Jimmy snap out of he daze and hit the intercom button . jimmy yeah . we be okay . be you okay ? valentina ( o.s. ) we be fine up here . Jimmy see a screen mark " comm " blink . he press the button . ground control ( o.s. ) sanitation station Regina come in . this be Ground control . we have a level two debris warning light up here . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 169 169 the station orbit a live earth , with sparkling city glow in the night below . Space station and satellite in orbit with the scorched station and junk ring , as before . valentina ( o.s. ) Ground control ? Space milkshake prod. draft rev10 b blue - 11/12/11 92. ground control ( o.s. ) yes . be you go to go to atomize the debris or do we have to call the spaceworker union rep ? a small metal screw float in space . int . control room - night 170 170 Anton sit in shock with valentina . anton the ... debris warning thing . get the debris . valentina flip a switch and grab the joystick . ext . western alliance sanitation station - night 171 171 a laser beam fire out and atomize the metal screw . ground control ( o.s. ) good job Regina . the shuttle drine fly past where the screw be . int . control room - night 172 172 Anton and Val hug . anton Roger that Ground control . Nice to hear from you , anytime . ground control ( o.s. ) shove it Regina . Ground Control out . int . passageway - night 173 173 tilda and Jimmy walk into a medium shot , look out the window . tilda take Jimmy 's hand in front of the window with the Earth rotate outside , space full of light and shuttle . the end . *