spacejack ( 1997 ) directed by jeremiah cullinane write credit Brendan broderick daniella purcell genre : action / sci- fi tagline : the cruise of the millenium just change course . cast overview : corbin bernsen .... barne Steve bond .... Taylor shawn brewster .... brayson donncha crowley .... katz Vincent dunlea .... Warren Wayne Richard farrell ( I ) .... Mr. putnam feidhlim hillary .... Vincent mile Matt Holland .... Mac jonathon jeffer .... vr cop Des Kenny .... Gibson conor Maguire .... Phillips anita McFarlane .... Anna koros Frank melia .... Carlo Brian monaghan .... vr caveman Bill Murphy ( V ) .... Jack Mick nolan .... Mr. bohm ciara o'callaghan .... monica mile amanda pay .... Dawn Rico Shea .... freighter Pilot noelle swan .... Ms. Marshall mpaa : rate R for sexuality , and for violence and language . runtime : usa:89 country : USA Language : English Color : Color sound mix : ultra stereo certification : USA : R fade in the vast infinity of space - roll credit - drifter soon the silhouette of a planet fill the screen - the sun break slowly across the arc of the planet - end credit - as the light increase we see the planet be earth - a title read " earth - 2070 a.d . " soon afterward the moon can be see in the distance - woman' voice ( v.o. ) ahh , the space age . must have be a thrill time to be alive . all the hope for a better tomorrow , all the dream of inhabit new world ... soon a spaceship enter the frame - only the rear of the craft be visible at first as it head into space - woman' voice ( v.o. ) it 's amazing they even make it out this far , consider what they have to work with . guess it really be one giant leap ... a hundred year ago . soon the side of the ship become more and more visible - woman' voice ( v.o. ) but I guess after that first leap , thing just be not as exciting . how much do you need to know about a place like the moon ? it 's cold , silent ... the camera begin to pan the side of the ship - woman' voice ( v.o. ) but it sure be a beautiful place to visit , or so they say . at least if you could afford it ... guess it all boil down to money in the long run - as the camera pan across the side of the ship , we see it 's name - STAR princess , write in a slick , commercial style - woman' voice ( v.o. ) I , I just feel lucky to be along for the ride . int spaceship lounge - night we see dawn murphy , a attractive girl in she late 20 's gaze out the window of the lounge - just then mac , a fully articulate human android , dress in a futuristic , concierge - like outfit , approach Dawn - she turn to face he , and he eye scan a small , computerize pin on she jacket - he look up to she - mac how be you this evening , Dawn Murphy ? Dawn smile at the android , look around as if a little embarrassed , then look back out the window - dawn I be fine . mac congratulation on you ... recent award . dawn thank you . mac be there anything I can help you with ? dawn no , just enjoy the view . mac well , there 's no better to way to see the world , than with we . dawn so I have be tell . mac well if you need anything , please feel free to ask I . just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available 24 hour in the earthrise room , and a large selection of vintage wine here in we ship bar . Dawn then look at Mac - dawn thank you , I be fine . Mac smile at Dawn - mac enjoy you trip with we . Mac then head off - Dawn turn and look at he - we see the lounge of the ship - sleek and luxurious , decorate in rich fabric and material - behind the bar we see the bartender jack , a burly man in he 40' , clean some glass - Mac walk by a table where a couple be sit - they be delbert mile , 49 , a overweight man with slicked back hair and a gaudy ring on he hand - across from he be monica mile , 22 , a buxom , somewhat bored - look blonde brandish a enormous diamond wedding ring - delbert put down he drink and grab Mac as he pass - delbert hey , chief ... Mac stop and look at the couple , scan the pin on they chest - mac hello , delbert and monica mile . congratulation on you recent wedding - delbert yeah yeah look never mind all that , ( shake he drink ) let I get another one of this , lot of ice , and do not be stingy with the whiskey this time ok ? Jack listen in the background to the conversation - Mac then look at monica - mac certainly , and anything for you monica ? monica I be fine , thank you . delbert oh , and bring out some more of that little baked thing and some hot mustard . mac certainly . I will now process you request , and I hope you be enjoy you trip with we . Mac walk away - monica stare into she drink - monica I do not like he call I by my name , it give I the creep . mac yeah , I wish he would put a sock in it already . delbert downs the remainder of he drink - monica look sullenly into she glass - delbert notice this , put he drink down - monica what 's wrong baby ? you have not say a whole lot lately ... delbert pick up she hand and kiss it - monica do not respond - monica I be homesick . delbert homesick ? it 's only be two day ! monica we should have go to nassau . at least we could go swim , lie on the beach . delbert ah hell we can always do that . listen believe I , once we get to the moon , you tone be go to change . monica how be it go to be different from this ? go see some boring footprint under glass ? delbert look you be the one who want to do something different , something to tell all you friend . any chump can go to nassau . delbert scan the room , litter with the beautiful people of the time - delbert look around you baby , we be rub elbow with royalty , oil sheik , this be class . you will be envied by everyone . monica I guess so . delbert besides I can not wait to tee off on the sea of tranquillity . that should shore up that prick hank drexler . monica stare blankly back at he - delbert you know ? the guy at the club I be tell you about ? monica take a sip of she drink , and put it down - monica I still say we should have go to nassau . int ship bridge - night pan a array of blink control and sensor - seat at the console be the ship 's first mate , ryan taylor , a good-look man in he 30' , examine they - soon the ship 's captain approach , captain reynold , a distinguished - look man in he fifty - reynold how 's everything look ? taylor finish up the diagnostic , everything check out normal , we still have to take a look at the starboard suite on B deck . we have relocate she and she do not seem to be that upset about it . seat across the bridge , second mate alex barne turn and address they - barne why should she , it 's she fault . all guest be tell not to eat in zero gravity , but she just want to have fun I guess , do not realize what a grain of salt can do to sophisticated machinery . reynold well , I guess she figure she 's pay for it . barne ai not it the truth . must be good to be rich . reynold take a look at he watch - reynold all right , I be head down to engineering . if you gentleman need I , that 's where I will be . taylor yes sir . reynold leave the room - barne then get up and stretch - barne well I guess there 's no time like the present . I will go run a check on that room , just to show we go that extra mile for we guest . taylor sound like you have be talk to Mac too much . barne head toward the door - barne yeah . I think he 's develop a crush on I . Taylor smile as barne exit - he then turn he attention to a screen - Pov he cursor down to a command - " life pod status : engage " we see he select that option - int hallway - night two porter struggle with the luggage of anna koros , the thirtysomething heir to a shipping fortune , who follow behind - anna now look will you please be careful with that ! they cost more than you make in a year . the two porter look at each other as one unlock the door - Anna take a cellular phone out of she purse - anna when will my original room be ready again ? 1st porter I be sure they will notify you as soon as they be do mar 'am . anna shuffle back and forth ! I feel like I be travel coach ! she dial the phone from the hallway watch the two man enter the room - anna put they near the window ! and be careful ! Anna dial the phone and put it to she ear - she then do a double take down the hall - Pov we see a impeccably groom , movie star handsome warren wayne exit he neighbor suite room and lock the door - Anna 's jaw drop as she slowly lower the phone - Wayne put he key in he pocket and gracefully slick he hand across he perfectly comb hair before head in the direction of Anna - Anna watch he approach - anna ( to herself ) oh my God ... Wayne approach and smile at Anna - wayne even . anna it can not be . wayne Excuse I ? anna you be Warren Wayne . Warren slow down , somewhat reluctantly - wayne uh , yes I be . and you be ? anna Anna koros . she sensually extend she hand , Warren shake it - wayne koros , as in ... koros ? dimitri koros ? anna my grandfather . my God , I can not tell you what a fan I be of yours ! you be magnificent in deadly gamble . wayne oh , thank you . anna magnificent , magnificent . wayne well I appreciate that . anna so , what bring you out here ? ( beat ) pleasure cruise ? wayne well a little business too . in my upcoming project Star tracker I play a ship 's captain , and I really want to get a feel for the outer space experience . I feel it will add more credibility to my performance . anna of course , of course ... wayne so ... anna well I guess we be neighbor for this trip . wayne well , so we be . ( beat , gesture towards window ) sure be beautiful , huh ? anna ( look at Wayne ) it certainly be . Wayne look at Anna and smile - wayne well , it be nice meeting you . enjoy the rest of the trip . anna I be sure I will . Wayne head off - anna I be sure we will see each other again . Wayne turn back and smile - as he turn away we see he smile vanish - just then the two porter exit the room - 1st porter you be all set mar 'am . I will personally go and check on the status of the old room right now . anna you will do nothing of the kind . the two porter look at she as she head toward the door - anna I be stay put , thank you very much . Anna then slam the door in the porter 's face - the two man look at each other - int hallway - night camera approach barne as he work on some circuitry in a open panel in the wall - quickly and methodically , barne work with some tool - he then look up and down the length of the hallway before quickly take a small metal case out of he pocket - close on the case as he open it - it contain a sophisticated series of connector attach to a dense white cube of what appear to be plastic explosive surround by black metal - int bridge - night Taylor continue run a check of the life pod onscreen - just then a command come up - " fail mode confirmed : 96 % " the command seem to trouble Taylor , who face the computer and enter some command - he pause for a beat - he sit back - once again , " fail mode confirmed : 96 % " Taylor frown at the command - he press a button on he wrist watch - int hallway - night barne begin to carefully cross-install the device in the case onto the equipment in the circuit panel - soon he watch beep - taylor ( v.o. ) hey barne . barne stop work for a beat , then answer he watch - barne yeah go . int bridge - night Taylor look at the monitor - taylor I be get a very strange command on the life pod status check . do anything come up on the last diagnostic ? int hallway - night barne seem angry at the news - he shake he head , bite he lip and quickly remove the few wire he have attach - barne no , I just run it ! why be you run it again ? taylor ( v.o. ) well it 's a good thing that I do . int bridge - night Taylor look at the screen - taylor it 's tell I fail mode confirm . do you see this ? barne ( v.o. ) there must be some mistake . you sure you hit the right command ? taylor yes I be sure I hit the right command . int hallway - night barne why do not you reset and run it again . the pod check out ok . taylor ( v.o. ) you be certain of that ? barne trust I . ( beat ) even check them with my own eye . int bridge - night taylor all right , I will give it a shot . Taylor press the button on he watch and reset the command - just then Dawn Taylor enter the bridge - Taylor turn and face she - the two look at each other for a beat - dawn they say it would be ok to come up here . Taylor get up and approach - Dawn extend she hand - dawn I be Dawn Murphy . they shake hand - taylor oh right , right you be on that research grant . dawn that 's right . taylor Ryan Taylor , first mate . welcome aboard . first time in space ? dawn yes . theoretical discovery aside , there 's nothing like the real thing . how about you ? taylor this be my second commercial flight . ( beat ) I use to run satellite freighter but that get old fast . Dawn look around the bridge - dawn so you be look for a new challenge . taylor well , plus the money be not that bad . dawn so , tell I , do you think everyone get they million dollar ' worth on this trip of a lifetime ? Taylor and Dawn look at each other and smile - taylor well , let I put it this way . most of the cost be due to safety reason . most people be not familiar with space travel , so we have to take extra precaution in the event they do something careless . dawn like open a airlock by mistake ? taylor well I do not think there 's a chance of that happen . it 's usually the moon walk . sometimes you feel like a kindergarten teacher . dawn ( laugh ) well I hope I do not do anything careless . taylor I be sure you will be all right . dawn actually I have logge about 200 hour of simulate space walk at the institute , mostly related to starship construction . taylor really ? dawn still , I hope I behave on the moon . ( beat ) I will stick close to you . taylor well then you will have nothing to worry about at all . ( beat ) you be deal with a train professional . I guess . Dawn and Taylor smile at one another - int lounge - night close on the table where delbert and monica be sit - the table be strewn with ball - up napkins , peanut shell , crumb , toothpicks , smear mustard , and empty glass - Carlo look at the table with disgust , and shake he head - Jack approach Carlo in the now desolate lounge - Carlo move the glass and then fold up the entire tablecloth - carlo look at this ... Jesus . jack yeah , I guess money do not buy class . carlo no . but it busy a lot of other thing . jack like that piece of ass he be with . carlo well ... I do not mind . I can put up with it . I be take six month off after this , and I will not have to deal with people snap they finger at I . jack not I . I be in for the long haul . in nine month I will have enough to take a few year off . carlo well , more power to you . I , I start to bug out after too much time out here . jack I do not have a problem with it . besides , you get to meet a lot of interesting people . Carlo hold up the tablecloth - carlo yeah . a virtual pantheon of star . Carlo walk off - Jack watch he - jack hey , it 's early yet . dissolve to : int dine room - night various group of well dress individual sit amongst various table in the posh dining room - at one table capt . reynold sit with Dawn and some other guest - delbert mile shove a forkful of food in he mouth - just then carlo , a mild - mannered waiter in he 30' , approach delbert from behind - carlo more wine sir ? delbert yeah . Carlo begin to carefully pour a glassful - delbert take the bottle out of he hand and proceed to fill the glass to the brim - delbert just leave the bottle . Carlo watch for a beat - delbert put the bottle down and look at Carlo - delbert do not worry I will take care of you at the end of the night . next to delbert , monica pick at she food - next to she , a wealthy arab oil baron peripherally ogle she cleavage - monica oh no ... I think there 's carrot in here ... delbert send it back if you do not want it . delbert look at Carlo - delbert she 's allergic to carrot . be there carrot in that ? carlo uh , I do not believe so , no , but I can - delbert yeah go check it out . I do not need she turn purple on I , though it would match she dress . ( chuckle ) monica go to hell . Carlo nod , and walk away - delbert ( laugh ) I be just kid baby . across the table Warren Wayne smile as he listen to the conversation , and wipe the corner of he mouth with he napkin - just then Anna appear from out of nowhere and prop up a chair - anna so ... Wayne look at she as she look he directly in the eye , after have have a few drink - anna what be it like do a love scene with pamela jarvis ? the other listen to the conversation - wayne well , uh , I just do not know what to say ... ( beat , nervous laugh ) I guess there 's worse way to make a live . monica I do a love scene once for a interactive instructional disc . the guy have b.o. and I tell he so . next day he wear so much cologne I almost throw up . wayne oh. really ? delbert why do not you tell they the good side ? monica look at delbert , then at the other - monica that 's where I meet delbert . he come down to the set , then he want I on more disc , then he put I in the magazine . ( giggle ) then he marry I ! wayne well , see ? it be not so bad after all . anna I bet pamela have nothing bad to say about you . wayne no , I think hygiene be important . it help you get into the part . anna very professional of you . Dawn sit and talk to Captain reynold - the conversation be inaudible over the din - just then reynold check he watch and say " excuse I " to Dawn - he stand up - reynold Excuse I lady and gentleman , can I have you attention please ? the people at the table turn and face reynold - the din get quieter - reynold could I have you attention please ? the voice die down in the room - reynold on behalf of myself and the crew , I would like to welcome you all aboard the Star princess . I guarantee this will be a trip you will never forget . the other look at reynold - delbert downs another drink - reynold in approximately 36 hour we will be landing 300 yard from the very spot where the Apollo 12 lunar module first set down in 1969 . from there you will be able to leave the ship and be a eyewitness to history . the actual flag , the actual first footprint , all carefully preserve for you to view . it 's go to be a tremendous experience , and I be glad all of you decide to come along for the ride . reynold smile at the crowd and gesture to Mac - reynold now many passenger want to know the nut and bolt of how we carry out the operation . so for all you technology fan I be happy to announce we have Mac on board . Mac be we mobile automated concierge , and have be program to have a encyclopedic knowledge of every detail of the ship 's operation . he 's here to make you happy , so feel free to ask he anything . Mac smile at the guest - reynold so once again , thanks for come aboard , and enjoy you stay on the star princess . the sound of " here here " and clinking glass be hear as reynold make he way out the room - just then delbert nuzzle up to monica and paw she - delbert ( slurring ) I be horny . monica shove he hand away - monica get you hand off of I ! dissolve to ext STAR princess the ship continue it 's way toward the moon in the distance - int bridge - night barne and Taylor sit at they respective console - taylor well , everything 's run smoother than a baby 's ass . barne ai not it the truth . the two say nothing for a beat - Taylor lean back in he chair , yawn , and stretch - taylor so , be you on for the next one ? barne I do not know . everything 's up in the air at this point , no pun intend . taylor why , do not they say ? barne well that hotel begin construction in January , there 's go to be a lot of shuttle work . taylor you want to go back to shuttle work ? barne it 's steady , good benefit . barne look at Taylor - barne you gotta think of you old age . taylor that 's very pragmatic of you , barne . barne thank you . Taylor get up - taylor man , I be hungry . I be go to call the steward , you want anything ?. barne Nah , I already eat . ( beat ) why do not you just go down there ? taylor what , and leave you here all by you lonesome ? barne uh ... barne gesture to the console - barne I think I can handle it . taylor well , maybe I will . ( beat ) you sure you do not want anything ? barne no. I be all set . thanks . taylor well , maybe I will surprise you . barne I can hardly wait . barne watch Taylor as he exit - the door close - just then barne turn around and crouch underneath the console - close on barne open a panel and carefully slide out a sophisticated laptop computer - int dine room - night the door open and Taylor walk in - he survey the room - Dawn approach the bar - Taylor see she - just then Mac approach Taylor - mac Officer Taylor , how be you this evening ? taylor Mac . what 's shaking ? mac ( beat ) I do not understand . Taylor head to the bar - mac you be currently station for bridge duty at this time . Taylor look at Mac - taylor yes Mac I know that . Taylor walk away - taylor jeez ... hall monitor . Mac watch he leave , then head over to another passenger offscreen - int bridge - night barne work feverishly on the computer keyboard - a screen appear , read crew location - there be a list of crew member , start with the captain - a diagram of the ship appear - barne highlight the captain - the diagram indicate the captain be locate in he room - barne smile - barne nighty night , captain . barne then highlight Taylor 's name - the diagram indicate he be in the lounge area - barne have one on the house for I . int reynold ' room - night close on the pin on reynold ' jacket , hang from a hanger - reynold walk over to a chair dress in he bathrobe - he lower himself into the chair and take a book off the table - he then feel he head for a second , then put the book down and go over to he uniform - he feel the pocket , shake he head - he look around the room , and exit he quarter - int bridge - night close on a pair of reading glass fold and lie on a counter - in the background barne continue to work - as we get closer top barne we see small bead of sweat on he forehead - barne well ... I suppose you can not have you cake ... a screen then appear before barne - it read : " begin reconfiguration ? " barne pause for a beat - barne ... without break a few egg . barne then hit " enter " - a 60 second countdown begin on the screen - 59...58...57 ... barne sit back - suddenly the bridge door slide OPEN - barne spin he chair around - reynold enter the bridge in he bathrobe , brandish he key - reynold why be this door lock ? barne stand up and stare at reynold - barne be not it past you bed time , sir ? reynold approach barne - reynold what do you say to I ? barne it 's a little late for you to be up . reynold look answer my question ! just then reynold spot the hybrid computer link to the main system - reynold what 's go on here ! reynold storm over to the monitor - reynold what the hell be that ? barne approach from behind - barne that 's mine . I be just have a little fun . reynold turn and look incredulously at barne - reynold a little fun ? have you lose it barne ! you realize how sensitive this equipment be ? barne nod , and stare down reynold - barne all too well , captain . reynold well shut it off at once ! reynold turn and look at the computer as it count down - reynold what 's the meaning of this countdown ? close on a silenced gun appear in barne ' hand - barne ( o.s. ) I can not tell you that ... close on reynold stare at the computer - barne approach from behind - barne ... it 's not on the agenda . just as reynold begin to turn around - blam ! a bullet rip through he chest - reynold stare at barne for a beat , then stagger back and collapse onto a console - blam ! another blast - soon reynold hit the ground fall offscreen - barne approach he and blam ! shoot again - close on the computer - 15 ...14...13... 12 ... barne then aim at reynold ' head offscreen - blam ! blood spatter against the wall - close on barne face as he look in the direction of the computer - close on the computer : 5 ...4...3...2...1... close on barne - barne blastoff . int hallway - night suddenly - booommmm !! a blind flash fill the corridor - ext ship - night a explosion rip through the outside of the ship - huge chunks scatter from the heat of the fireball - int hallway - night terrify passenger grab on to handrail for dear life as they be suck into space - int dine room - night the room shudder violently - people scream as bottle fly across the room , glass break , light flicker - terrify passenger run toward the exit - ext ship - suddenly a chain reaction of explosion send a series of life pod scatter into space - int lounge - night the drop in pressure send debris hurl around the room , violently slamm into passenger - int kitchen - night a explosion send oven , overhead fixture and boil cauldron crashing down , kill the cook , all scream in vain - int dine room - night Taylor fight to get he bearing - he run to the dining room door but it shut rapidly - int engine room - night several engineer scramble to get out as a explosion rip through the room - a burst pipe spew toxic gas into the room - the engineer struggle to breathe , claw at the door - ext ship - night a few scattered explosion occur around the now severely disabled craft which drift erratically through the void - int dine room - night moan and groan can be hear throughout the darken , smoky room - Taylor look around , surveying the damage - he see Dawn hunch in the corner , cough - he rush over to she - taylor be you all right ? Dawn look up at Taylor - dawn ( shake ) I do not know . I guess so . Taylor address he wrist communicator - taylor Bridge ? ( beat ) Captain ?! ( beat ) hello Bridge ! Taylor tap the device - he then rush over to the intercom on the wall , bang it with he fist - taylor Bridge ! ( beat ) Bridge , do you copy ! int bridge - night barne scan a diagram of the ship on the screen , note which section be still function - taylor ( v.o. ) Bridge ! can anyone hear I ?! barne yeah yeah yeah , give I a minute here . barne look at the diagram and smile faintly - barne a little sloppy . but it will do . int dine room - night Taylor speak into the intercom - taylor if anyone can hear I please respond ! barne ( v.o. ) that 's very professional sounding of you , Taylor . Taylor look around the room - int bridge - night close on a small monitor with a wide view of the dining room - barne speak into a small microphone on the console - barne we hope you be enjoy you trip . and we apologize to that currently hurtle through space . guess they 's the break . int dine room - Carlo look around the smoky room apprehensively , then look at Taylor - Taylor look at Carlo - Dawn look at Taylor , who speak into the intercom - taylor barne , can you hear I , be you all right ? barne ( v.o. ) why yes Ryan , I be , and thanks for ask . you do not have to talk to the intercom , I can hear you fine . taylor what be the condition of the bridge ? barne ( v.o. ) the bridge be fine , Taylor , how be thing down there ? taylor transmit the code 3 emergency and take we offline . override the airlock sensor and hurry ! we be run out of time , we have to get to the pod ! barne ( v.o. ) much as I would like to help you and we value guest , I be afraid I can not . taylor what be you talk about ! can you transmit the code 3 - barne ( v.o. ) yes I can transmit the code 3 emergency ! ( beat ) I just do not think it 's a prudent move at this juncture . Dawn approach Taylor with a worried look on she face - dawn what 's he talk about ? Taylor look at Dawn , then back toward the room - taylor barne have you flip you wig ? int bridge - night barne get closer to the mike to be emphatic - barne it 's a weave , Taylor , and you know that . we have always be straight with one another . int dine room - night barne ( v.o. ) now do you want the good news first or the bad news ? taylor you better start make sense ! barne ( v.o. ) ok , I will . the bad news be the ship be history . life support will last another 36 hour , maybe . taylor then we have get to get to the lifepod ! int bridge - night barne I would advise you to shut up and let I finish Taylor . you need not worry about the lifepod because they be all go , jettison . save for one . int dine room - night the people in the room react to this news - barne ( v.o. ) and I think we know who 's get it . taylor why be you do this ! barne ( v.o. ) I be get to that . now please do not try my patience Ryan . int bridge - night barne now we be all businessman and a common rule of business be to make payment for service render . give that , I be willing to provide a service to each and every one of you . int dine room - night barne ( v.o. ) I be willing to transmit that code 3 emergency . if you be lucky a rescue team might just get to you in time . of course by then I will be long go . carlo in exchange for what ! barne ( v.o. ) well Carlo , you be not really part of the equation ... int bridge - night barne but that other high roller around you be . I will provide this service in return for the personal authorization code of each and every bank account . once I have that code , and I have complete the transfer , I will signal the alarm . but not a minute before . int dine room - night Taylor listen to this as delbert approach - delbert what the hell be he talk about ? barne ( v.o. ) what part do not you understand , fat man ? it 's a hold up , pure and simple . I want you money . cooperate and I will let you live . and this offer be non - negotiable . Dawn walk over to Taylor - dawn it do not make any sense . taylor ( to barne ) it 's suicide barne ! how do you think you be go to get away it ! anna they will track he down in a heartbeat . barne ( v.o. ) I understand you concern , but that be my problem , not yours . but for the record , the transfer trail will take they year to follow . by then it will not matter , because I will not exist , at least not on paper . warren why would we give you anything without a guarantee of we safety ! barne ( v.o. ) well , I guess that 's just a question of faith , huh ? of course , if money mean more to you than a chance at survival ... I would say you be my kind of guy ! taylor it 's still not go to work ! they will detect you upon re-entry in a emergency vessel ! barne ( v.o. ) who say I will re-enter in the pod ? I get friend out in space , Ryan , friend willing to get I back unnotice . thank God for deregulation huh ? int bridge - night barne now I think I have give you all the information you need to make a sound decision . but I would advise you to hurry . barne lean closer to the microphone - barne I will give you fifteen minute to organize you information . I will take any further delay as a sign you have reject the offer , and then of course , it 's rescind . barne then reach over to a button - barne over and out . barne then press the button - int dine room - night they guest all look at one another - Taylor concentrate , say nothing - Warren approach he - warren this be insane . this can not be happen . Dawn approach Taylor - dawn what be we go to do ? taylor I do not know . int bridge - night close on the screen show the dining room - taylor ( o.s. ) I think we should do what he tell we . barne lean back and watch they , smile - int dine room - night Dawn approach Taylor , who inspect the seal door - dawn how do we know he 's not bluff ? Taylor see any attempt at open the door be futile - taylor we do not . dawn well maybe there 's a way out of here . taylor fat chance of that . even if we have c4 and a laser torch this door would not budge . ( beat ) that son of a bitch ... that stupid son of a bitch . Carlo and Dawn talk with Taylor - dawn give a malfunction , how would a rescue team get you out if the door will not open ? taylor probably come through the wall I suppose . dawn well maybe we can do something like that . Taylor look at Dawn - taylor I do not think you know what you be talk about . besides , what could we use for tool ? a steak knife ? a corkscrew ? dawn just consider we option ... sir . Dawn and Taylor look at each other - carlo we could not try anything anyhow . he must be watch everything we do . taylor you be right . Taylor look at the control panel next to the door - taylor if only I could override this thing . at the other end of the room Mac approach delbert who nervously light a cigarette - mac on the behalf of the Star princess we apologize for any inconvenience you might experience - delbert get outta here , will ya !! Mac back off and walk away - monica approach delbert - monica well now what be we gonna do ! delbert how be I suppose to know ? monica you be delbert mile ! you have more clout than some whacked out pilot ! talk to he ! delbert talk to he ... Jesus ... nearby , Jack place a tablecloth over a dead guest - delbert ( o.s. ) I tell you one thing , I be not give he shit , not a password , not a access code , not the time of day . Jack turn around and look at delbert - Warren and Anna approach delbert and monica - anna I think we should do what he ask . delbert look at she incredulously - delbert oh you do , huh ? well let I tell you something lady , if you think that cracker be on the level , you be nut . warren that 's a risk we can not afford to take . delbert I can . use you head , do you think he want anyone around to say what happen ? Jack approach - warren there 's a chance he will keep he end of the bargain , if we only cooperate . delbert bullshit . Jack step up and look at delbert - jack look . we be talk about life and death here . I do not know why we be even have this conversation . delbert well what would you know about it ? you do not have anything to lose . Jack get closer to delbert - jack you be gonna give he that bank code , you know why ? because I be tell you to , that 's why . I be not lose my life over some greedy pig . delbert who be you call a pig , rummy ? just then Jack shove delbert violently - delbert charge Jack and they scuffle briefly before be separate by Warren - warren come on ! stop it ! stop it ! delbert and Jack back off from one another , still stare each other down - warren let 's just stay calm , ok ? jack I do not believe this crap ! Mac approach Taylor , Dawn , and Carlo - mac I be receive a high level of negative feedback from we guest 's comment . many expletive at a higher than usual decibel level . Taylor look at Mac , then approach the other - taylor look , people , listen to I . as the first mate , I know a lot about this ship . now I do not know what 's go on outside this door , I do not know where the captain be , I do not know who 's leave out here . what I do know be that if what he 's say be true , we be in serious trouble . so I suggest we collect the information he want , and give it to he . delbert that 's still no guarantee of anything ! taylor we do not have a choice ! now let 's write they down , ok ? dawn suppose we could get out of this room ? be there anything we could do to reach the bridge ? taylor it depend on the condition of the ship . if I could get to one of the suit compartment I could check the exterior air lock for a possible entry . dawn can not we access the mainframe to check the ship 's condition ? taylor with what ? how be I go to interface with it ? I need to be able to talk to the system and to have the system talk to I . Dawn look at Taylor , who look down at the ground - carlo we be screw . totally screw . suddenly something dawns on Taylor - taylor a way to talk to the system ... Taylor then look up at Mac - Dawn watch Taylor - Taylor turn to Carlo - taylor Carlo , get I the cable off the menu register . Carlo walk off - taylor we be go to have to be quick . int bridge - night barne dial up a number in front of a video screen - soon the screen show a freighter pilot be face - pilot ( v.o. ) barne ? barne that 's I . pilot ( v.o. ) break it down to I , what 's go on ? barne seem like they be cooperate . hopefully I will be out of here and on my way very soon . pilot ( v.o. ) well do not drag you ass . there will not be much of a window for we to link up . we will be in you orbit trajectory in less than two hour . barne yeah , I know Bill , I come up with the plan remember ? just have that hangar door open and ready , I can take it from there . pilot ( v.o. ) will do . what about the distress signal ? barne I do not know . I really have not make up my mind yet . we will see how nicely they behave . pilot ( v.o. ) well that 's you call . do not make a damn bit of difference to I . just as long as I get my cut . barne oh you will get it , believe I . ( beat ) so I will see you in a few . pilot ( v.o. ) 10 - 4 good buddy . barne reach over to a button - barne yeah yeah , 10 - 4 ... barne disconnect the message - he then get up and approach reynold , lie dead on the ground - he stare at he for a beat - he reach into the bloody robe pocket and pull out a cigar - he smell the cigar , wet the tip , and light it - barne shame to waste a fine corona . int dine room - night Carlo remove some cable from a computerize menu monitor for the restaurant and approach Taylor - Taylor take the cable and approach the other - Anna have finish write down everyone 's authorization code on a piece of paper - taylor be that all of they ? anna yes . that 's all of they . Taylor pick up the piece of paper - delbert I can not believe we be do this . taylor well we be , so get use to it . Taylor then approach the wall-mounted camera lens - the other watch he - taylor barne . can you hear I ? int bridge - night Taylor 's face can be see on the monitor - taylor ( v.o. ) barne ? barne take a puff of the cigar , and look at the monitor - barne uh , that 's a affirmative , Roger wilco . please proceed . taylor ( v.o. ) we have the code here . how do you want to receive they ? barne well , preferably in ten and twenty ... int dine room - night Taylor stare at the camera as the other watch - barne ( v.o. ) that be a joke Taylor , lighten up ! why do not you just hold they up to the lens . I will write they down , and once I be through verify they , I will get back to you . taylor will you transmit the distress signal ? barne ( v.o. ) once I be do verify they . can not be too trustworthy nowadays . Taylor slowly hold up the piece of paper to the lens - int bridge - night close on the monitor show the piece of paper list the authorization code of the passenger nest to they name - the list take up the entire screen - barne examine the list and begin enter the first number on the list onto another screen - he then hit enter - the screen read " connecting with netbank ... " - barne sit back - int dine room - night Taylor gesture to Carlo to come over - Carlo approach and Taylor carefully hand he off the paper to hold up - taylor here . take this . Carlo do so and Taylor walk over to Mac - Dawn undoe the front of the wall panel with a knife - dawn ok ... it 's open . taylor see one like it before ? dawn sure . it comply with all standard construction code . taylor great . Taylor then turn and look at Mac - taylor Mac , I have a favor to ask you . Mac look at Taylor - mac certainly . if you need anything , please feel free to ask I . just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available -- taylor yes I know all that . Mac , I need you to help we out with a little technical problem . mac certainly . I have a full work knowledge of the ship operation . taylor right , I understand that ... Taylor look at Mac 's face - Jack approach - Dawn begin to connect one end of the wire to the wall console - taylor I need you to actually do something for I . I need to access you cpu , directly . mac that will not be necessary . you can simply speak to I . I understand most language fluently . taylor yeah but the ship 's mainframe do not . I need you to tell it something . mac alteration of my central processing unit should be do only by a authorize service dealer . taylor I know but we be in a bind . Mac wait a beat before say anything - mac alteration of my central processing unit should be do only by a authorize service dealer . Dawn then turn and look at Mac - dawn yes Mac , but the guest be request it . ( beat ) it will reduce the level of negative feedback . mac that be one of my priority . Taylor look at Dawn - taylor that be what I think ... Taylor and Jack look at Mac 's face - taylor now which one be it again ? jack it 's the leave one , I think . ext STAR princess - night the ship drift aimlessly in space , with the moon in the distance - int bridge - night barne continue to verify the authorization code - close on the monitor - barne type in the number - the screen then read - " connecting to netbank ... " , then a pause , then " netbank : beverly hill CA 90210 " " client name : wayne , warren . " barne watch as a series of option appear : balance , transfer , withdrawal , deposit - barne select balance - there be a pause , then : available fund - $ 40,386,020 - barne sit back - barne I tell you , I should have be a actor . barne then type in some command - the screen then read : " transfer to netbank _ _ _ _ _ - _ _ _ " - as barne type in the number , they appear as x's - int dine room - night close on the cable connect to the wall console - the camera slowly pan , follow the cable - taylor ( o.s. ) ok , the first thing we need to know be the status of this floor . Taylor then gently move the other end of the cable toward Mac 's face - as we approach we see Mac 's left eye remove , with a socket for the corresponding cable - taylor here go nothing . Taylor slowly insert the cable into the socket - everyone wait for a beat - taylor now Mac , can you tell I the status of this deck ? mac one moment please ... ( beat ) one moment please ... Dawn examine the eyeball then look at Taylor - dawn do you think it 's work ? taylor it should . Mac ? Mac sit , motionless , with the cable hang out of he eye - the other watch apprehensively - mac this corridor be accessible , and we hope you enjoy it . I be sorry to say we be have technical problem with ... all exit on this level . we apologize for this inconvenience . Taylor and Dawn sigh with relief - taylor but the corridor outside this door be open , correct ? mac yes . you can enjoy some wonderful view from there . delbert screw the damn view ! get we out of here you piece of crap ! Taylor and the other glare at delbert for a beat - Taylor then continue to focus attention on Mac - taylor Mac , what about the suit compartment on this level ? can they be access ? mac ( beat ) I be sorry . the suit compartment be in a non-oxygenated , zero gravity atmosphere . I be afraid that 's off limit to all passenger . Taylor sit back - taylor damn it . if only we could get to that suit ... Dawn then think of something - dawn why can not we ? taylor I do not know the condition of the compartment . depend on damage , debris ... could be a fatal mistake . jack unless you could hold you breath . Taylor look at Jack - taylor and suppose you could not hold out ? dawn suppose you do not have to hold you breath ? Taylor look at Dawn - dawn we could send Mac . if he can retrieve one suit , we could go back for the other . taylor you be right . Taylor then look at Jack - he raise he wrist - taylor Jack , let I have you walkie . put it on channel 10 . Taylor than look around , walk over to a chair , and smashes it on the ground , pick up one of the steel leg - Taylor then look at Mac - taylor open the door , Mac . int hallway - night close on the door to the dining room open - Mac exit the dining room - Taylor place the chair leg between the two door create a open wide enough to slide through - taylor ok Mac ... ( show Mac he walkie ) I will talk to you on this . I want to find a way to get to the bridge , then I want you to come back . mac certainly . anything I can do to be of service . Mac head down the hall - Dawn and Taylor watch he - dawn he certainly be polite . taylor ( to Mac ) Close every door behind you ! Mac look at Taylor , then head around the corner - int damaged hallway - night the door open , and Mac enter the damage hallway - loose wire buzz and crackle , debris and body litter the hallway - taylor ( v.o. ) how be it look , Mac ? mac I would recommend a maintenance crew in this sector . int dine room - night Taylor talk on he walkie - taylor be it safe for human transport ? mac ( v.o. ) that 's affirmative . dawn it must be oxygenate if we can hear he . taylor yeah , let 's hope he can find a way through . Taylor cue he walkie - taylor Mac please check the status of the suit compartment on this level I want you to go in there and get a suit . int damaged hallway - night Mac approach the door at the other end - the door do not open automatically - Mac stare at it for a beat - mac I will manually open the door , and will report this problem to maintenance . Mac raise he hand to the panel on the wall - as he do the wrist walkie get near a live wire jutting out of the wall - as Mac punch in a number - the cable touch the walkie , and a surge of electricity rip through Mac - int dine room - night Taylor hear a loud crackle emit from he walkie - taylor what the hell be that ? int damaged hallway - night Mac get blasted against the wall of the hallway - he reel for a beat , then stagger a few step - mac I have experience a critical error ... I have experience a critical error ... I will review my previous command . Mac enter the command on the panel , and the door open - int dine room - Taylor cue he walkie - taylor mac. Mac ! dissolve to int bridge - night barne finish tally the total he have transfer - close on the monitor show the grand total - $ 368,422,006.32 barne sit back , smile , and take a puff of he cigar - barne not bad for a day 's work . suddenly there be a bell indicate someone try to enter the bridge - barne swing around - he check the monitor and see it be Mac , wait outside the bridge door - barne grab up he gun and approach the door - he open the door , all the time aim he weapon - Mac stare at he - barne where the hell do you come from ? mac hello second mate barne . I be instruct to come to the bridge . Mac reel for a beat , lean on the hallway wall - mac be there anything I can do for you ? barne look around the hallway , then look at Mac and smile - barne sure . come on in pally . take a load off . Mac enter the room - int dine room - night Taylor listen to he walkie as the other stand around he - turner Mac . Mac can you hear I ? dawn I do not understand . it be work fine . jack maybe the walkie short out . turner how ? ( beat ) Mac , can you hear I ? int bridge - night barne sit down with a smile on he face , and listen to Mac - barne so how do you get here , Mac ? I be impressed . mac I have to pass through several restrict area . I be sense a high level of passenger dissatisfaction , which be my duty to report . barne revel in this encounter - barne be not you down in the dining room ? mac I be there . Officer Taylor access my cpu directly to open the airlock door . they be not function properly . barne oh he do , do he ? the smile fade from barne ' face - mac yes he do . yes he do . barne look at the monitor - Taylor and the other be still in the dining room - barne you do not do anything to the monitor , do you Mac ? mac I do nothing to the monitor . barne watch the screen carefully - barne and what be they do now , Mac ? mac they be await further information . barne look at Mac - barne be you go to give it to they ? mac I be here to provide service to ... to all we guest . there be a high level of passenger dissatisfaction . it be my duty ... to report this . barne well you do the right thing mac. barne get up - he see the wrist walkie on Mac - barne so , you be communicate with officer Taylor over the wrist walkie ? barne inspect the walkie , notice it be on channel 10 - he laugh and shake he head - barne on channel 10 ? mac the device have stop respond . barne look up at Mac - barne well , we be go to have to do something about that be not we ? int dine room - night Taylor listen to the walkie - taylor Mac , can you hear I ? come in ? barne ( v.o. ) Taylor , you surprise I . Taylor look up in disbelief - int bridge - night barne talk into he walkie - Mac sit in the background - barne never send a android to do a man 's work . int dine room - night Taylor and the other listen carefully - taylor I do not know what you be talk about ! barne ( v.o. ) sure you do . send Mac out on a little recon work . how pathetic . Problem be it seem Mac blow a few fuse . ( laugh ) or maybe he 's just a little drunk . be you party with a robot Taylor ? Taylor begin to lose he patience - taylor look we give you what you ask for . it check out do not it ?! what more do you want from we ! int bridge - night barne I tell you not to try anything smart ! I guess you be too much of a maverick to follow a simple order ! and that 's just too bad for all of you now , be not it ? taylor ( v.o. ) look you say it do not matter to you anyway ! why do you want to kill more innocent people ! why ! barne get up - barne I suppose you want a diatribe about my agenda to get even with the world , or some crap . int dine room - night Taylor and the other listen - barne ( v.o. ) well it 's not that complex . I do not give a damn about the have , and I do not give a damn about the have - not . and I sure as hell do not give a damn about any of you . int bridge - night barne it 's business . period . if you follow direction , you might have have a chance . but all that 's all over now . barne then head over to the console and adjust some equipment - barne I will tell you what I will do , though . I will make sure you all see the moon . unfortunately it will have to be a one way trip . int dine room - night barne ( v.o. ) so in close I would like to thank all of you for you generous contribution and thanks for fly the Star princess . watch you step on the way out . bye bye . Taylor lower he walkie - the other respond with sink face - int bridge - night barne throw the walkie on the console , smile to himself - he then approach Mac and put on a look of mock seriousness - barne Mac , you really earn you wing this flight . mac my....wing ... barne yes , you wing . Mac reel for a beat , then continue - mac I be here to provide service to ... to all we guest . there be a high level of passenger dissatisfaction . it be my duty ... to report this . barne I hear you Mac and I appreciate it . frankly I do not know what I would have do without you on this one . mac there be a high level ... of passenger dissatisfaction . barne and I intend to correct that at once . I will tell you something Mac ... barne put he arm around Mac - barne you be really gonna go far in this business . ext spaceship - night a airlock entrance can be see - suddenly Mac shoot out of the entrance and fly away from the ship - Mac disappear into the void , arm and leg akimbo , look ridiculous - int bridge - night close on the monitor with a view of the exterior as Mac disappear into space - barne howl with laughter , bend over , slapping the console - he get up , laugh even harder , shout with laughter - he then open a panel and begin flipping switch after switch after switch - int hallway - night the light go out in ascend order down the hall - int dine room - night suddenly the light begin to shut off and the send of a engine running down can be hear - the occupant all look at one another - anna oh my God , what be he do ? warren he 's shutting off the air !!! delbert that lousy , stinking son of a bitch ! delbert pick up a chair - charge toward the camera - delbert that lousy - delbert fling the chair - smasssshhhhh !!!! the chair shatter the camera - int bridge - night close on the camera monitor go blank - int dine room - night monica rush over to delbert , whose rage disguise he panic - monica delbert ! what 's gonna happen ? delbert pull he arm away but monica grab it again - monica delbert ! delbert look at she - monica I be scared . I be really scared ! delbert look back at she , unable to hide he fear - Jack look at Taylor - jack what be we go to do ? Taylor concentrate - taylor he might still be play a game with we . but at this point the odd be slim , he 's already kill too many other . Dawn approach Taylor - dawn so ... what 's the next step ? Taylor and Dawn look at each other - carlo what 's the use ... we be gonna die ... jack do not say that ! it be not over till it 's over ! taylor it 's a question of get to the lifepod . before barne do . but even then , the pod have a maximum capacity of seven adult . ( beat ) and there 's eight of we . delbert well we will just cram in ! Taylor glare at delbert - taylor it do not work that way ! there 's only so much oxygen , only so much fuel , only so much mass it can handle on re-entry ! taylor if I could get to the bridge I could send the distress signal . dawn even if we do , it might be too late . Taylor look at the room - taylor then I have no other choice . ( beat ) I have to get to the suit compartment . jack I think you say it be too risky . taylor I be not let he get away with this . it 's we last chance . Taylor head toward the door - taylor everyone just stay put . dawn wait . Dawn approach Taylor - dawn I will go with you . Taylor look at she - taylor I can not let you do that . dawn look I know what I be do . I have experience and training in space walk . taylor simulate space walk . dawn you might need assistance , you do not know what you face . Dawn look around the room , then look at Taylor - dawn I will go crazy sit here . I would rather risk it . Taylor look at she for a beat - taylor all right come on . Taylor look at the other - taylor everyone just stay calm . everything 's go to be all right . Taylor look at Jack - taylor Jack , keep it together in here . Jack look at he - jack I will do my best . Taylor and Dawn leave through the open in the door Carlo watch they - there be a look of real anxiety on he face - carlo we be go to die . jack will you shut up already ? delbert I will tell you one thing , I be not gonna just lie down and die for this crackpot . the hell with that ! monica and what be you go to do , genius ? delbert look at she - delbert I have not quite make up my mind yet . jack I will tell you what you be gonna do . you be gonna stay put like Taylor say . delbert approach Jack - delbert again with the order from you ! you get a napoleon complex chief , and I be get sick of it ! jack what be you go to do about it ? anna will you two please stop it ! I do not want to spend my final hour listen to you bitch ! warren I will tell you what I be go to do . the other look at Warren - warren I be go to have myself a drink . Warren walk over to the bar - int hallway - night Dawn and Taylor make they way down the darken hallway strewn with debris and collapse ceiling panel - taylor watch you step . Taylor approach a seal door - he look at it for a beat - taylor it 's through this door . Taylor then look at Dawn - taylor I do not know what we be face . dawn I understand . they look at each other for a beat - Taylor take a deep breath - taylor be you ready ? dawn ready as I will ever be . Taylor nod at she - he then look at the door - Taylor 's hand approach the emergency lock release - taylor here go nothing . Taylor hit the button - close on the door - they swoosh open - int suit compartment - night the pressurize room blast Taylor and Dawn into the small room fill with several large recess locker - there be no SOUND whatsoever - they struggle to anchor themselves as they slam around the room and come dangerously close to a gaping hole in the wall lead out to space - Dawn grab onto a railing for dear life , she face contort from the lack of oxygen and the brutal cold - Taylor rip OPEN one of the locker contain a space suit - the door swing open and shut violently as Taylor struggle to hold on - Dawn struggle to get closer to another one of the locker - frost rapidly begin to form on she hand and the railing - Taylor slip and slam backward - but through sheer will power grab hold of the locker door , and pull out the suit 's helmet - he let go and fly backwards , hold the helmet - he slam into Dawn and hand she the helmet - she , too , let 's go to grab it and be propel around the room - Taylor then open another locker and repeat the procedure , this time grab another helmet - by this time dawn have go to the first locker and remove the suit , struggle to get into it while keep she bearing - Taylor put on the helmet and follow suit , grab another suit out of the second locker - almost at the point of burst , Dawn begin to lock the helmet down - Taylor continue to do the same , get the arm of the suit stick in the locker - Dawn float over to the railing - she grab it and position herself - Taylor finally frees the stick jacket and continue get into the suit - close on Dawn as she use she free hand to press some command on the other forearm of the suit - a small light go on in she helmet - soon she begin to hungrily gasp in the income oxygen - soon a look of relief cross she face - Taylor continue to struggle with the suit - Dawn head over to he - Taylor lock down he helmet - just then Dawn reach over and press the button the forearm of Taylor 's suit - the small light go on in Taylor 's helmet - he , too , begin to suck in the air , as if for dear life - slink back from exhaustion , Taylor look over at Dawn - Dawn look back at he - slowly , a smile cross she face - slowly , Taylor smile back at she - he press a button on the forearm of he suit - we hear he voice through the helmet speaker - taylor be you all right ? Dawn look at the suit , and press the button on she forearm - she then look at Taylor - dawn yeah . ( beat ) we do it . taylor so we do . Taylor then head over to the gape hole in the wall - taylor now that 's what I call a emergency exit . Taylor inspect it and look out into space - he then turn and look at Dawn - taylor you be ready for the real thing ? dawn at this point I be ready for anything . Taylor smile at she - he slowly make he way out of the hole - Dawn follow , closely behind - int dine room - night close on Carlo , who stare despondently at the ground - delbert pace as monica watch he - delbert I tell you , something 's not right here . ( beat ) how do we know they be not go to use the pod for themselves ? jack because , Taylor would not do that , that 's why . delbert what make you so sure ? Jack look at delbert with contempt - jack I be not ask now , I be begging . please shut up ! int wine room - night close on Warren corking a vintage wine - just then Anna enter , close the door behind she - Warren show Anna the bottle - warren 2059 ... a very good year . Warren then take a enormous swig of the wine , then wipe he mouth - warren you want some ? it 's get a hearty bouquet . Anna approach , and take the bottle - anna get drunk be no solution . warren yeah , well ... I forget my morphine back in the room . Anna look at he - warren go on , have some . in fact ... Warren peruse the other bottle on the wall - warren have the whole thing . there 's plenty more where that come from . Warren select another bottle - Anna take a sip of the wine - anna so I guess this be it . Warren open another bottle - warren this be it . finish . kaput . over . Warren cork the bottle - warren and Warren Wayne 's go out in style . Warren take a swig of the wine - warren a little sweet . CUT to ext STAR princess slowly Taylor and Dawn rise into the frame , and hover over a area of the ship , grab onto handle place around the area - taylor be careful , you do not want to puncture the suit . dawn do not worry about I . ( beat ) where be we go ? taylor to the other side . there 's a airlock close to engineering . if it 's intact , I can get to the pressure vent . suddenly Taylor see something - taylor what the hell be that ? Taylor approach a section of the ship and scrutinize it - Dawn look in that direction - Pov Taylor grab a chunk of c4 plastic explosive attach to a pipe on the ship - dawn explosive ? taylor one of barne ' dud , luckily for we . take this out of the equation right now ... Taylor put the c4 into a storage pouch on he suit - taylor that psychotic bastard ... Taylor look back a Dawn - taylor come on , let 's go . Dawn follow he - they look at each other - dawn Taylor ? taylor yeah ? dawn ( beat ) what do you think 's go to happen to we ? Taylor look back at Dawn - taylor well , Dawn , I be a optimist by nature . dawn yeah , but you do not answer my question . the two continue to make they way across the ship - taylor do you want some advice ? dawn sure . taylor do not worry about what will happen , just concentrate on what be happen . you will live longer . dawn word to live by . int bridge - night barne close up he laptop - he walk across the bridge - soon he notice something - close on the emergency distress signal panel , with three level of emergency - moderate code 1 , extensive code 2 , critical code 3 - barne look at it for a beat , smile , then reach for he gun - he then blast the panel which crackle and emit some black smoke - barne laugh - he then go over to the monitor - he press a button and look at the monitor - the screen be blank - barne smile fade - barne that idiot ... barne then press another button - Pov the monitor show a wide view of the hallway outside the dining room - barne scrutinize the image - he see something he do not like - he hit a button - Pov the monitor zoom in to reveal the door to the dining room open about 18 inch - barne frown at this discovery - ext STAR princess Taylor and Dawn continue to crawl across the side of the ship - just then Taylor see something - he gesture to Dawn - taylor good news . ( point ) look . Dawn look in the direction Taylor be point - Pov come into view on the other side of the ship be a airlock - taylor ( o.s. ) it 's intact . we be one step closer . come on . Taylor and Dawn make it closer to the airlock - int bridge - night barne be check all the various security camera shot on the monitor , look for any movement - on another monitor , the freighter pilot talk to the screen - pilot ( v.o. ) it 's time we lock coordinate . barne I know , I know . barne keep check the security monitor - he be now explore the exterior of the ship - pilot ( v.o. ) so , what be we wait for ? barne cool you jet ... I be do a little damage control . pilot ( v.o. ) damage control ! what kind of damage ? what 's go on barne ! just then barne see something on the monitor - he eye widen - Pov Taylor and Dawn approach the airlock - barne slam the console with he fist ! barne damn it ! ext STAR princess Taylor and Dawn be now in front of the airlock - Taylor begin to reach for the open lever - int bridge - night barne speak to the pilot - barne do not do anything until further notice ! barne then rush over to a console - ext STAR princess the airlock door open and Taylor make he way in - Dawn be about to follow suit when - int bridge - night barne throttles up the engine - the ship begin to roar - int dine room - night delbert , monica , and Jack listen - delbert what the hell be that ? jack the engine ! ext STAR princess the ship 's booster kick in full force - the ship lurch - suddenly Dawn lose her grip and struggle to grab onto anything - Taylor look back , see this - taylor Dawn ! Dawn ! dawn helllp ! Taylor rush out of the airlock and begin to climb frantically up the side of the ship to save Dawn - Dawn begin to drift away , higher and higher - Taylor continue to frantically climb - Dawn struggle to grab the ship but can not reach it - Taylor approach the top of the ship - Dawn continue to rise , rapidly approach the point of no return - Taylor get to the top , reach out to save she - Dawn 's boot get closer to Taylor 's hand - Taylor reach as far as he can - close on Dawn 's boot , too far for Taylor to reach - she slip away - just then Taylor leap toward Dawn - he barely manage to grab she ankle - the two of they drift for a beat until - Taylor 's boot hook under a antenna at the very end of the ship - the two hang there in space - taylor you be safe . grab my hand - close on Dawn 's glove clutching Taylor 's - int wine room - night several empty bottle be strewn around the room - Anna and Warren appear to be get very drunk - anna I think we be move . warren well be not that great . something to write home about . Warren take a bottle and hurl it across the room - it smashes against the wall - Warren then let out a drunken laugh - Anna watch he , then follow suit , cackle - anna I never though I would be stick in a wine closet with Warren Wayne . warren well get use to it , ' cause here we be , on the cruise of a lifetime . Warren approach she , walk like a robot - warren tell I , miss koros , how be you enjoy the trip so far ? Anna crack up at Warren 's crude imitation of Mac - warren can I get you anything ? some more cheese puff perhaps ... the two of they laugh drunkenly - warren I be perfectly serious . I be here to satisfy you every request here on the cruise of a lifetime . just ask , anything you want , anything at all . Anna 's laughter subside , and she look at Warren seductively - Warren see this , and he laughter subside - Anna then look at he with lust - anna I want you . now . Anna then lunge toward Warren and give he the deepest possible tongue kiss know to man - Warren do not resist - they crash around the room in a explosion of passion - int hallway by engineering - night Taylor and Dawn make they way down the hall - dawn I guess I owe you a debt of gratitude . you save my life . taylor it be no time to lose my partner . we be go to have to hurry , he 's on to we . int engineering - night the door open and Taylor and Dawn enter the room - they look down - Dawn gasp , look at the contort face of the dead engineer - dawn oh my God . what happen ? taylor the room be fill with poison gas . the hydraulic system must have blow . Taylor look at the man for a beat - he then head over to a console - taylor that sick bastard ... Taylor hit a auxiliary power switch on the console - the screen on the monitor light up - dawn what 's that ? taylor a schematic of the ship . look for a lifeline to the pod . dawn we do not have enough suit to get the other out . taylor that 's why we need a safe passage . remember what you say earlier , about get through the wall ? that might just be we ticket . Taylor bring up the floor plan of the ship - function area be in green , the other in red - taylor no look , see that . one deck up will take you across the damage lower deck . there 's a bulkhead here , then over that , one deck down , be a storage room . that room be adjacent to the dining room . we get through that wall , we get they out to here - Taylor point to the lifepod area on the map - dawn how be we go to blow the wall ? Taylor look at Dawn for a beat - he then climb up some step nearby to a small storage area , and begin to rip open drawer - Dawn watch he - Taylor then grab up a flare from one of the drawer - he head down to Dawn and hand it to she - taylor take this flare . dawn a flare ? a flare will not do it . taylor no ... Taylor take the c4 out of the pouch on he suit - taylor but this will . just attach it to the flare . Taylor hand the c4 to Dawn - taylor the flare be self ignite , it have a short fuse , so be careful . and remember ... Taylor break off a tiny piece of the c4 - taylor a little dab will do ya . now you know how to get there , right ? dawn why ? where be you go ? Taylor look at she for a beat - taylor I be not go with you . dawn what ? what be you talk about ? taylor there 's only room on that pod for seven . that 's you and the other . I be count on you to get they out of there . Dawn stare at he , dumbstruck - dawn and what be you go to do ?! taylor I be go to try and buy you some time . I can get to the bridge from here . dawn but how be you go to escape ? taylor do not worry about I . there 's still a chance I can issue a distress signal . dawn but you can not be sure ! it 's suicide . you have to come with we ! taylor I can not ! Taylor take Dawn by the shoulder - taylor listen , Dawn . you have to stay focus . do not unravel on I . now you have get to get they to safety ! I be count on you . Dawn look at Taylor - taylor do not worry about I . ( beat ) I will be all right . they look at each other - taylor now hurry up . we be run out of time . Dawn head over to the door - Taylor approach a panel on the wall - Dawn pause at the door - Taylor and Dawn look at each other for one last beat - Dawn gesture to the communicator in she helmet - dawn keep in touch . Taylor gesture to he communicator - taylor I will once I get past the bulkhead . ( beat ) good luck . dawn you too . Dawn exit the room and the door close behind she - Taylor look at the door for a beat , then proceed top open the panel , which lead to a AIR shaft - he climb into the shaft - ext STAR princess the ship head full speed towards the moon - int hallway - night Dawn run down the hallway - she come to a stop , look leave and right , then head leave - int bridge - night close on the monitor show the face of the ship 's pilot - pilot ( v.o. ) you be not help my heart condition any , barne ! now just what the hell be you drag you ass for ? barne the other decide to get cute with I , so I be teach they a lesson ! barne look out the window - barne this ship be go down in a blaze of glory ! pilot ( o.s. ) well blaze you ass out of there ! you have completely alter you trajectory , be we link up or not ?! barne do not worry about I , I be change coordinate now . ( beat ) I have come to far to be trip up by some Dudley do-right ... motherfucker ! int AIR vent - night Taylor make he way through the air vent , slowly and carefully - int dine room - night delbert , monica , Jack , and Carlo sit in the room - Carlo struggle to take a breath - carlo it 's get hard to breathe ... jack just do not move around too much . Carlo look at he , and head to the men' room - Jack watch he and shake he head - jack thanks for take my advice . monica stand up , look agitate - monica it 's get too cold in here . ( beat ) I can not stand this anymore ! delbert baby , take it easy . monica how can you sit there with you fat stomach and tell I to take it easy ! I want to go home ! I want to be warm ! I want to get out of here ! delbert approach she - delbert look , calm down , get all crazy be go to make thing worse . delbert hug she and monica cry - together they sit down at a table while she weep inconsolably - delbert hug she - delbert it 's ok ... just then Jack emerge from behind they and drape a tablecloth over both they shoulder - delbert look up at Jack , who look at he - delbert ( beat ) thanks . Jack nod he head - jack keep she warm . int wine room - night Warren and Anna be now naked as they attack each other passionately - anna oh Warren ...oh Warren ... take I , God take I ... warren oh yeah ... anna oh yeah ... warren oh Sara ... anna Anna ... warren Anna ... ext storage hallway - night Dawn approach a door mark storage - she hit a panel next to the door and the door open - she enter the room - she approach the far wall - she feel it with she hand - dawn this must be it . ( beat ) Taylor come in . can you hear I ? there be no response - dawn damn . Dawn then take the c4 and the flare out of the pouch on she suit - int AIR shaft - night Taylor continue to navigate he way through the air shaft - he look ahead - Pov in the distance some light can be see through a grate - Taylor press some button on the forearm of he suit - a click can be hear - Taylor then slide up the protective face plate on the helmet , and continue to crawl - suddenly Taylor perk up - he hear something up ahead - barne ( o.s. ) ( far away , muffle ) I know that ! Taylor like what he hear - he begin to crawl faster toward the light - int bridge - night barne be talk to the pilot on the monitor - pilot ( v.o. ) well if you know it then why do set you thruster on before make the calculation ? barne I tell you , I have to teach a few people a lesson ! pilot ( v.o. ) goddamn it barne this really steam my onion ! barne let 's get something straight , chappy ! int AIR shaft - night Taylor gingerly approach the grate and look down - Pov the far end of the bridge be visible - barne ( o.s. ) I do not take order from you , you take order from I ! you get that ? struggle not to make a sound , Taylor bite he lip and very slowly open the vent - int bridge - night barne address the monitor - barne now I get enough air and supplies to make another complete orbit in the pod ! you be just gonna have to pick I up later . pilot ( v.o. ) this be a major screw up on you part , goddamn it ! barne well then why do not I tell you something , good buddy ? I do not need to listen to shit from you ! now you want to call it off fine , I will take the risk of re-entry but you be out of the picture , understand ? the pilot say nothing - barne now we will regroup in 24 hour , tell whoever you need to you be extend the trip , and pick I up accordingly . be that clear ? the pilot say nothing - barne be that clear ? pilot ( v.o. ) that 's clear . barne good . now you will hear from I when I have the new coordinate . in the meantime do not bug I . pilot ( v.o. ) sheesh ! aye aye cap and ! barne over and out ! barne disconnect the transmission - barne idiot ... taylor ( o.s. ) good help be hard to find ... barne spin around - he be face to face with Taylor , who smashes barne across the face with he own laptop - barne spin around and collapse to the floor , blood run out of he mouth - Taylor give he a ferocious kick to the head for good measure - he then look over and see reynold , dead - taylor oh Jesus ... int storage room - night Dawn carefully place the c4 and the flare against the wall - just then she communicator crackle to life - taylor ( v.o. ) Dawn . come in . dawn Taylor ! where be you ? int bridge - night Taylor survey the damage on the bridge - taylor I be in the bridge . dawn ( v.o. ) barne ? Taylor look down at a unconscious barne - taylor he 's out of the equation . ( beat ) talk to I . int storage room - night dawn I be about to blow the wall . taylor ( v.o. ) hurry . you have to get they out of there ! dawn how do the distress signal look ? int bridge - night Taylor look at the completely destroy distress signal panel - taylor uh , it 's ok , everything 's go to be ok ... now I be count on you , and whatever you do keep calm , we do not want they to panic . dawn ( v.o. ) I will do my best . int storage room - night dawn so what 's go to happen to you ? taylor ( v.o. ) I be stay with the ship . I will be all right . now hurry . dawn ( beat ) thanks for everything , Taylor . will I see you again ? int bridge - night taylor hopefully sooner than later . dawn ( v.o. ) sooner than later . taylor over and out . Taylor shut off the communicator - he reflect on the conversation for a beat , then approach the destroy distress signal panel - taylor that son of a bitch ... int storage room - night Dawn look at the c4 and the fuse - dawn here go ... nothing ... Dawn rip the fuse open on the flare - it begin to spark - Dawn then look around - she spot some barrel in the corner - she rush over to they and duck for cover - she watch the fuse as it burn down ... lower ... lower ... Dawn close she eye .... then suddenly - boom !!! a huge explosion tear a gigantic hole on the wall - debris scatter everywhere - Dawn shield herself - the sound of smashing bottle can be hear - int dine room - night Jack spin around - jack what the hell be that ?? Jack race over to the wine room door - delbert and monica follow he - int wine room - night Jack rip open the door - he be stunne by what he see as the smoke clear - there be a enormous hole in the wall - he look to the other side of the room , around a counter - he jaw drop - Anna and Warren roll out from behind it , stark naked - jack what the hell ! just then Dawn emerge from the hole - she too see Anna and Warren , who fumble for they clothes - dawn what the hell ! Jack see Dawn - jack what be happen around here !!! dawn there 's no time to explain . get everyone together ! we find a way to the pod ! jack where 's Taylor ? dawn he 's up on the bridge ! he 's go to be ok . now who 's miss ? Jack look around - Anna and Warren hastily finish get dress - jack just Carlo . Jack face the dining room - jack Carlo ? int dine room - night the group file out of the wine room - dawn Carlo ! jack he 's in the bathroom . Jack head toward the bathroom - jack Carlo ! the other follow - int men' room - night Jack push the door open - he eye widen - jack oh no ! monica approach , look ahead , and scream - Pov Carlo swing from a makeshift noose of cloth towel - the other enter as Jack rush over to he - delbert oh Jesus Christ ... Jack lift Carlo up by the leg and remove he from the noose , gently lowering he to the floor - dawn be he dead ? Jack check for a pulse then grimly look at Dawn and nod - Dawn turn away and head back into the dining room - int dine room - night Dawn stare at the ground for a beat - she then look back at the bathroom , then turn away - dawn God damn it ... something then dawns on she - she look forward , then turn toward the direction of the other - int bathroom - night Dawn approach the other - dawn look , we be run out of time . we have to jettison as soon as possible or we will be out of the gravitational pull . come on ... the other look at she for a beat , then file out - Jack remain , look down at Carlo , then back up at Dawn - dawn there be nothing you could have do . ( beat ) the thing to do now be save yourself . Carlo look at Dawn , then back at Carlo - jack I be right behind you ... Dawn back out of the room - dawn hurry . Dawn exit - Jack shake he head and stand up , look down on Carlo - jack you stupid kid , you be so close ... ( beat ) you stupid kid ... Jack slowly back out of the room , then turn and walk out - int bridge - night Taylor struggle to fix the wiring around the distress signal panel - he 's become increasingly frustrated - taylor goddamn it ... just then , behind he , barne slowly begin to come to - he struggle to get he bearing - he spot the gun close by - Taylor continue to work on the console - barne get hold of the gun - he raise it up and aim at Taylor - barne ' Pov through double vision , he see Taylor work - barne hold the gun out and blammmm !! he fire , miss Taylor - Taylor spin around and pounce on barne - int damaged hallway - night Dawn lead the other through the debris-strewn hallway toward the direction of the lifepod - int bridge - night Taylor and barne crash around the room as Taylor struggle to wrestle the gun from barne ' hand - they scuffle toward the bridge door - Taylor slam barne against a panel , and the bridge door open , out to the hallway - int hallway to lifepod - night Dawn , Jack , delbert , monica , Warren and Anna rush down the hallway - Dawn look back at the other - dawn hurry ! int lifepod entrance - night Dawn and the other approach the pod door - Dawn press some button on a wall console next to the pod - the pod door open - Dawn look back at the other - dawn everybody in ! come on ! int lifepod - night monica , Anna , delbert , Jack , and Warren all enter the life pod - they begin hastily fasten themselves in - int bridge - night Taylor smashes barne ' wrist across the doorjamb - the gun fly out of he hand - int hallway by bridge - night the gun rattles across the floor - barne leap toward it and turn around training it on Taylor - Taylor dive as barne fire - blam blam blam blam !!! he hit a pipe which burst forth a dense jet of smoke which quickly fill the area , block barne ' vision - Taylor watch this , and in the split second that follow - he grab up a piece of break ceiling panel on the ground and throws it toward the direction of a observation window - barne see the motion , fire - blam !!! the bullet shatter the window as everything get suck towards it - Taylor fly across the floor stop himself by grab onto a pipe at the last second - barne smashes against the window struggle to anchor himself - it be too late - Taylor watch as barne be sucked out the window along with various debris - he fade scream fill the hallway as Taylor seal he mask shut - ext STAR princess - barne shoot out the window and struggle in vain to breathe as he disappear into the icy black void - int lifepod - night Jack look at Dawn , who have yet to get in - jack what be you wait for ?! come on ! Dawn look down the hall , then back at Jack - dawn I be go back for Taylor ! jack be you nut ! it 's too risky ! delbert he tell you what to do ! dawn he do not know there be room ! initiate the blastoff ! we will be back in five minute ! Jack stare at she for a beat - dawn five minute ! Dawn run down the hallway - Jack set the timer for 5 minute and hit engage - int different hallway - night Dawn run down the hallway , avoid fall debris - int lifepod - night Close on the other as they watch the countdown - 4:30...4:29...4:28 ... ext STAR princess - night Dawn climb across the hull of the ship - int lifepod - night the countdown continue - 3:45 ...3:44...3:43 ... delbert look at it - delbert they be not gonna make it ! jack it 's not time yet ! everyone anxiously watch the countdown - int hallway near bridge - night a airlock open and Dawn emerge - she rush toward the bridge door - int bridge - night Taylor struggle to repair the control - just then the bridge door open - Taylor spin around - Dawn enter the room - taylor what the hell be you do ? dawn we have room ! let 's go ! taylor what do you mean ? what happen ! dawn we do not have time . I will explain later , hurry ! Taylor look at she for a beat , then grab he helmet - int lifepod - night the countdown continue - Warren look at the countdown - 3:26...3:25...3:24 ... warren goddammit where be they ? jack give they time ! ext STAR princess - night Taylor and Dawn make they way across the ship - int hallway - night Taylor and Dawn emerge from a gape hole in the hallway and rush down the hall - int pod - night the countdown continue - 1:46...1:45...1:44 ... the other watch - int damaged hallway - night Dawn and Taylor rush down the hall - int lifepod - night the countdown continue - warren Jesus , come on ! anna they be not go to make it ! monica they be not go to make it . Jack then look at the countdown 31...30 ... 29 ... Jack 's face sink - jack they be not go to make it . int hallway - night Taylor and Dawn rush down the hall - int lifepod - night the countdown continue - 6...5...4... close on the individual face of the passenger - Jack , Warren , Anna , delbert , monica - int lifepod hallway - night Taylor and Dawn enter just as - a loud buz noise pierce the air and a red light fill the hallway - int lifepod - night close on the counter ... 1...0 ext STAR princess life pod a series of SMALL explosion blast the life pod away from the craft - int lifepod - night the passenger hold on for dear life as the pod shudder violently - ext space the pod hurtle through space , head toward Earth in the distance - int lifepod hallway - night Taylor and Dawn stand there , deject - dawn no ... int lifepod - night Jack look out of a small window - jack God help they . Pov of the window , with the Star princess disappear into the distance - int lifepod hallway - night Taylor and Dawn watch the pod disappear through a window - dawn so close ... taylor and so far . Taylor look at Dawn - taylor there 's only one thing leave to do . ext STAR princess - night the ship begin to approach the moon at a rapid speed - int bridge - night Taylor and dawn enter the bridge - taylor strap yourself in ! hurry ! ext STAR princess - night the ship get closer and closer to the moon - int bridge - night Dawn and Taylor hastily secure themselves to they respective chair - ext moon surface the ship spin as it approach the surface of the moon - int bridge - night Taylor and Dawn tightly clench the console , brace for the worst - the surface get closer ... closer ... Dawn shut she eye - ext moon crasshhhhh !!! the ship collide with the surface , leave a long streak as it slide across the ground - int bridge - night Taylor and Dawn hold on for dear life as the ship violently scrape across the surface - ext moon soon the ship grind to a halt on the surface , a burn , batter shell of its former self - the char remnant of the " Star princess " logo can be see - once again , it be silent - fade out fade in int bridge - night Taylor come to - he look around the bridge , get he bearing - he unfasten himself and get up - he feel he head , look around - he then approach Dawn , who be also unconscious - he look at she for a beat - Pov she look beautiful in the light - Taylor crouch down and gently shake she - taylor Dawn ... slowly , she come to - Dawn slowly open she eye and look around - the only thing audible be the hum of a bridge engine - Taylor and Dawn look at each other - taylor be you all right ? Dawn get she bearing , then look at Taylor - dawn as if it matter . Dawn unfasten herself - Taylor get up - he head over to a window - Dawn approach he - he look out - taylor well ... we make it . there it be . Dawn look out the window - dawn just the way I think it would look . a forlorn expression cross she face - Taylor look grimly out the window - just then Dawn begin to cry - Taylor face she - dawn what be we go to do ? Taylor embrace she - she cry on he shoulder - taylor shhhh ... Taylor hold she tightly , Dawn do the same as she cry - Taylor press the side of he face against hers - taylor shhh ... slowly they face get closer to one another - they pull back slightly and look at one another - Taylor wipe a tear from under Dawn 's eye - he then gently kiss she forehead , then she cheek - they then look at one another for a beat - then , very softly , they kiss - the kissing become more intense - they then stop and hug each other for dear life - dawn I never think this would happen . no premonition , nothing . taylor it do . it be . there 's nothing we can do about that . dawn except write we will . Taylor look at Dawn for a beat - taylor I would like to do something before that . Dawn look at Taylor , not quite sure what he mean - Taylor look directly into Dawn 's eye - taylor will you marry I ? dawn ( beat ) marry you ? taylor that 's right . will you marry I ? Dawn look at he for a beat - dawn I would , but no one can perform the ceremony . I guess it do not matter . taylor it would matter to we . they look at each other for a beat - dawn in that case , I accept . taylor good . in that case , I pronounce we man and wife . Taylor and Dawn then kiss - Dawn wipe some tear away - dawn what about a ring ? Taylor look around the room - he see something - close on the half smoke corona sit on the edge of a console - the band around it be still intact - Taylor remove the band and approach Dawn - Dawn extend she hand and Taylor slip the ring on - taylor it 's all I could do on such short notice . the two look at each other gravely - then embrace as if for the last time - taylor let 's go for a walk . Dawn look at he - taylor you know , for we honeymoon . dissolve to ext moon surface - night together in they respective space outfit , the two lone figure wander out on the magnificent vista - they stop and look ahead - they see Earth in the distance - dawn right now it 's about 8 o'clock at home . people be go to work , kid be go to school ... taylor try not to think about it . Dawn look at Earth and let out a long , forlorn sigh - just then something catch she eye - she turn - dawn oh my God ... Taylor look at she , then turn in the direction she 's look - Pov a small craft approach from far away - taylor oh my God ... the two begin to walk toward the direction of the approach ship - like little ant on the surface , we see Taylor and Dawn as they cross the barren landscape - the ship get closer and closer - Taylor and dawn rush toward it - the ship get closer and closer - soon a small window become visible - dawn what be it ?! taylor I do not know . Wave to they ! Taylor and Dawn begin flail they arm - the ship get closer and closer - soon the image of some people in the window become visible - Taylor and dawn rush toward the craft , which prepare to make a landing - taylor they see we ! they know we be here ! the ship 's landing gear lower , and a series of booster position the craft for final landing - Taylor and Dawn continue to wave - the people in the window become visible - Pov we see a ship' captain look at they and wave - Taylor and dawn wave back , elate - then Taylor notice something in the window - he squint to get a better look , then he eye widen - taylor it can not be ... Pov we see mac look out the window - he see Taylor and Dawn , and wave to they , smile faintly - dawn it be ! the ship land - Taylor and Dawn hug , jump up and down - the door to the ship open - Taylor and Dawn approach - a crew member in a spacesuit greet they - crew member be you all right ? Taylor and Dawn nod - crew member be there any other ? Taylor look back at the Star princess , then back at the crew member - he grimly shake he head " no " - the crew member gesture to the two - crew member come on aboard . Taylor and Dawn approach the door , and slowly enter the ship - the ship door close - dawn ( v.o. ) and so we be save . the freighter find Mac float through the void , quite by accident , and through this simple twist of fate two little people make it off the moon . the ship lift off , and leave the moon - the twisted wreckage of the Star princess can be see in the distance as the rescue ship ascend - dawn ( v.o. ) later we would find out the lifepod make it safely back to earth , where the adventure of Anna koros and Warren Wayne become the tabloid story of the year . the ship turn and head away - dawn ( v.o. ) as for Ryan Taylor and I , we decide to stay marry after all , although we get new ring . ( beat ) but for the time be , it be time to head back to the comforting bond of a small blue planet call home . the ship head toward Earth - dawn ( v.o. ) it never look so beautiful . the end found on inflow screenplay repository