space cowboys written by ken kaufman and howard klausner May 1999 draft for educational purpose only manual military typewriter hammer out a screen narration : superimpose : october , 1958 . the successful launch of sputnik I have start rumor that manned space flight be a year away for the Soviet Union . the United States have assume the titanic challenge of " take the high ground of space . " ext . usaf proving ground ( california high desert ) - day a sonic boom in the crystal blue desert sky . a modify Bell lab X -2 ultrasonic jet -- basically a rocket with stubby wing that look more like vestigial fin -- scream upwards , a 80 degree climb into space . on its side be stylishly paint " daedalus . " int . x- jet - close on altimeter - that moment 108,999 feet ... the " 999 's " roll over . the pilot 's voice strain with the G-forces and thin oxygen . pilot ( v.o. ) 109,000 . come on , Frank , let 's poke we nose into space . the pilot be Major william " hawk " hawkins , 26 . in the seat behind he be major frank corvin , 29 . both wear bulky pressure suit and space helmet . frank no . that 's enough , Hawk . we be approach heat barrier . let 's level off . ( into he radio ) recover one , this be falcon . beginning descent now . int . AIR force b- - that moment twelve mile below the X - 2 . barrel - chest , buzz-cutte Captain " tank " sullivan be at the control . tank Roger , daedalus . get you on the scope , Frank . tank sharpen the radar blip . as he do , we see a plastic hula girl on the instrument panel " dance " frenetically . int . x- - that moment the altimeter hit 110,000 . Frank and Hawk be breathe harder . hawk bingo . 110,000th floor , lady ' lingerie . the drone of the rocket motor hesitate -- a nanosecond at most -- then resume as normal . frank you catch that , Hawk ? Hawk be in the zone , listen and feel the airplane . frank Hawk ! ext . desert ground below -- that moment Captain jerry o'neill sit outside a usaf truck in front of a radar screen read a playboy magazine . he read the copy aloud to himself . jerry miss September , herself a promise student pilot , have a particular weakness for structural engineer with Ph.D. 's in astro - physics . he slowly move the playboy away and see a scorpion climb he bare ankle . he roll up the magazine tightly , hold it above the scorpion , ready to swat it . he look at the scorpion ... he look at miss September 's smile face and airbrush - breast ... he can not do it , he can not sully this redhead vision : he calmly grab the scorpion by its stinger tail and fling it . Hawk 's voice crackle over the radio . hawk ( v.o. ) she 's alright , she 's talk to I . you trust I , do not you , Frank ? jerry uh oh ... here we go again . int . x- - that moment through the canopy -- the horizon -- the blue turn to black . Hawk and Frank be touch outer space . hawk Frank , look . the full moon be rise over the curvature of the Earth . hawk ( calm , faraway voice ) that 's where we be go . I do not know how , I do not know when ... Frank look up from the gauge at the horizon . he be mesmerize , speechless . Hawk start to sing . awesome pilot , lousy singer . hawk fly I to the moon and let I play among the star -- Frank look out the window at the moon . the rocket motor hesitate again , sputter and goe silent . all the gauge drop to zero . engine failure . Frank be jolted back to reality . frank Holy God . all we hear be the wind buffete the plane and the eerie sound of the plane 's airframe and body skin creaking . Hawk work frantically to restart the engine , try to joke through it . hawk hey , Frank , wanna get out and gimme a push ? frank sonofabitch ! they be nose over , beginning what every pilot dread most -- a flat spin . the cockpit alarm sound . hawk we have to eject . frank at 112,000 foot ?! be you outta you mind ?! hawk we be not gonna ride this thing out . call mayday -- we be pop ! frank ( gasp for air ) we be not ... lose ... another ... ship ! ext . x- - that moment spin wildly , plummete towards ground . the right wing shudder and rip away -- the plane invert in its spin . int . x- - that moment hawk do not think about it , Frank . just do it . I be gonna count down to one . ready ? one ! Hawk yank the t-handle . the explosive bolt blow the canopy off . two scream , one of terror , one of joy , as they eject , the supersonic wind hit they like a truck . Frank and Hawk be in free fall -- 22 mile over the desert . approach the speed of sound , they scream towards Earth . Frank be paralyze in a still fall . Hawk tumble and soar like he namesake , live every man 's ultimate fantasy -- pure flight . side by side , he seem to taunt Frank as he fly about . Frank pull he rip cord at 22,000 , arrest he fall . Hawk keep right on go . ext . ground - that moment Jerry , binocular train skyward , see Frank 's parachute deploy at exactly the moment he hear the thunder boom of the plane crash into the desert floor , jerry that 's gotta be Frank ... but where 's Hawk ? ext . sky - that moment Hawk be soar , spin , laugh and scream , ignore the ground come up quick . int . b- - that moment tank search through the windscreen for Hawk , when Hawk ! -- a flail flash , really -- free-falls right past the cockpit windshield , startling tank . tank whooa shit !! he bank the huge plane hard leave to avoid hit he . tank grimly take the dance hula girl off the instrument panel , replace she with a plastic dashboard Jesus . ext . sky - hawk one thousand foot -- Mach one plus . sluggish , lethargic , almost out . he will he eye open to see the ground come up mighty fast and pull the cord ; the chute release . a gut - wrenching force nearly yank he out of the harness as he be pull skyward -- 700 mph to zero in three second . he open he face plate , gulp air , laugh like a schoolboy . ext . ground - that moment Jerry laugh , relieved , when he see the second chute . he climb into the truck , toss the playboy aside and start the engine . jerry crazy son of a bitch almost make like a bug on a windshield . Hawk touch down easily . he fall back on he chute , elate . CUT to : ext . edward AIR force base - that moment establish . int . office - day the office of Major bob gerson , Air Force special project administrator . only 27 , gerson already have the look of a polished bureaucrat . he look out the panoramic window behind he desk at a thick , black column of smoke rise above the desert -- obviously the experimental X - 2 . siren audible . his look be neither alarm nor concern . he study the scene coldly and objectively like a scientist . and he eye seem to smile , as though this be no real catastrophe to he . CUT to : ext . desert - that moment as Frank descend , he lift he faceplate and look out at -- a column of black smoke on the horizon -- where the X - 2 crash . Frank touch down -- not quite as graceful or elate as Hawk . matter of fact , he tumble over , catch in the chute and rigging . a look of single - minded revenge on he face , Frank unharness himself and charge toward Hawk awkwardly in he stiff , cumbersome pressure suit . Hawk sit up , howl with joy . hawk 112,000 and I feel fine ! let 's do it again , Frank ! Frank punch Hawk through the open faceplate of he helmet , knock he off he foot . frank you always have to push thing to they limit , do not you ? hawk that 's what I do best , Frank . Frank dive on he , they lock up in a fight . Jerry jump out of the just - arrive truck , and dive into the melee , try to pull they apart . CUT to : int . bob gerson' outer office - later that day Frank enter , literally hat in hand . Hawk follow he in , hat still on he head . Frank swipe it off , shove it into he hand . the duty sergeant open gerson 's door . int . gerson' office - continuous action they enter , gerson face out he panoramic window -- we can still see the smoke from the brush fire cause by the crash of the X - 2 . gerson be that smoke I smell ? look like a fire out by ridgecrest . frank we crash the X - 2 . gerson my four-million dollar X - 2 ? be that the X - 2 you be refer to ? hawk we do break both altitude and speed record , sir . and beat the free fall mark by 30,000 foot . Frank glare at Hawk . gerson Three plane in ten month . that 's bound to be a record , too , hawkins . frank the engine fail . the aircraft go into a flat spin and we could not recover . gerson nod " compassionately . " no doubt that this two despise one another . gerson ( patronize ) but you make it . that 's the important thing . ( glance at he watch ) and you make it just in time , Frank . CUT to : int . PRESS room —- moment later cramme with PRESS people and photographer . they snap away , shouting question to gerson at the podium , flanke by team daedalus : Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank , who smile for the camera . gerson hold up he hand for quiet , and produce a envelope with the presidential seal . gerson gentlemen , I hold in my hand a announcement from the office of the President . ( read the announcement ) ' the United States ' continue involvement in manned space exploration be hereby assign to a new civilian agency , the stration . Project daedalus be now complete , and designate Mission accomplish . he fold up the announcement . Frank be utterly confuse . another reporter ( PRESS ) what about the pilot ? who 's gonna be the first american in space ? gerson turn to Frank , smile . he slap he on the shoulder . gerson the selection have be make . after a exhaustive search we have identify who could best carry out this mission . ( to the team ) this job call for toughness -- physical and mental toughness -- and a ability to follow order to the letter . Frank and Hawk exchange glance , wonder which it will be . neither of they notice a sergeant walk in , hold the hand of ... SAM a three - foot chimpanzee wear a NASA flight suit . gerson gentlemen , meet Sam . the first american to cross into outer space . the chimp grin huge . Frank and the team be open - mouth , in shock . gerson pick he up , smile for the photo -op . the flashbulb and question erupt like a thunderstorm . Sam reach he hand out to Frank . gerson oh , look , Frank . he want to shake you hand . frank you bastard . gerson shake he hand for the camera , Frank . that 's a order . Frank slowly take the chimp 's hand , look as though he might be sick . the camera flash more , blind a already stunne man . ext . johnson space CENTER ( houston ) - day establish . superimpose : the present int . space tracking room - deep in complex - morning if it 's larger than a basketball and it 's orbit the Earth , it be track here . pure NASA . hi- tech , all business . five engineer sit at computer bang away at they keyboard in frustration . astronaut / engineer ethan glance , 34 , push back from the console . ethan usually have the clean - cut swagger of a arrogant , handsome young man with too many letter after he name . today , however , he 's get the dishevel look of a guy who 's be up all night work . ethan it just be not respond . the engineer next to ethan turn to another engineer -- and translate in Russian to she . int . administrative wing - corridor - that moment Engineers and administrator move about , focus , with a purpose . int . office —- continuous action the sign on the door identify this as the office of SARA holland , Space shuttle Mission director . thirty - seven , ex-astronaut , focus like a laser beam on anything she pay attention to . right now , she scan a thick computer printout , shaking she head at whatever it 's tell she . the phone ring , she grab it absent - mindedly . SARA Sara Holland . okay , be right there . int . NASA conference room —- moment later at the conference table sit Flight director eugene davis ( 60 ) , a avuncular , rotund man . beside he be NASA administrator , a couple of state department official , orbital engineer , Russian engineer from Star City , and the Russian General vostov ( 5as ) . Sara enter , arm full of file and printout . bob gerson , now 67 , quickly rise to meet she . Age have be kind to the retire General - turn - NASA Project director : he at least have the appearance of venerability . 10 . gerson gentlemen , this be Mission director Sara Holland . she 's be closely monitoring the situation and she assure I the problem be well in hand . she look at gerson skeptically . not the politician gerson be , she begin she briefing , speak a no - bullshit scientist 's lingo color with a hint of she Virginia heritage . SARA good morning , gentleman . as you know , 11 day ago atmospheric track determine that Russian communication satellite ikon have initiate orbital degradation . Computer trajectory model predict a steady acceleration in sequence with the gravitational constant . state department official would you mind translate that for all the non - Ph.D. 's , Dr. Holland ? SARA the satellite 's orbit be decaye , and the Earth 's gravity be take over . vostov look particularly agitate . SARA there 's a total system failure in the on-line navigation and guidance avionic . all redundant system be non-responsive . without active course correction in the next 30 to 40 day , the satellite will reenter the atmosphere . gerson look nervously at vostov . vostov and crash ? SARA General , ikon give you fourteen year of service . that be within the performance range of a communication satellite . it will probably crash in the ocean or burn up in the atmosphere . I think it 's best to let it . 11 . vostov stand , address the room conciliatorily . vostov my country be grateful for the effort of NASA and the State Department . however , lose ikon be not a option . ikon be not just a communication satellite to the Russian federation . ikon be the communication satellite . you be undoubtedly aware of we restructure problem . lose all telecommunication until we be able to replace ikon could plunge we into chaos and perhaps even civil war . davis certainly you have other satellite aloft . can not you transfer the workload ? gerson gene , Sara ; we have be give a presidential mandate to assist the Russians ... ( smile at vostov ) ++. we partner in the International Space Station . ( reassuringly to vostov ) we will fix this problem . it 's just a glitch . CUT to : int . hallway - moment later a clearly piss off Sara walk briskly behind gerson down the hallway . SARA you be feed this guy bold - face lie . this be a waste of money and a waste of my staff 's time -- gerson you be a damn fine engineer , Sara , but you do not know shit about politics . helping Russia save face be a act of good faith . you can not put a price on that . gerson stop in front of a door and slide he id key card through the electronic lock . 12 . int . space tracking - control room - continuous action Sara and gerson enter . ethan stare at he computer monitor , exhaust and defeat . the Russian engineer be slump asleep on couch and at they console . ethan this thing 's dumb as a post . it 's dead in the air . gerson forget try to talk to the satellite . you have the code , override the guidance system . ethan point to four technical drawing pin to the wall . ethan you figure that mess out . the guidance system on this thing be a dinosaur . Sara cross to the wall , analyze the technical drawing . ethan ( nodd to sleep Russians ) even this guy do not understand it , it 's pre-microprocessor , it 's pre-everything . whoever design this byzantine piece of shit be probably chopping rock in siberia . SARA ( still stare at drawing ) be there anyone around who remember skylab ? gerson what do that have to do with anything ? SARA you be a damn fine politician , Bob , but you do not know shit about engineering . ( turn to face Bob ) this be the guidance system from skylab . gerson that 's impossible . maybe there be similarity , but they can not be the same . 13 . Sara go to one of the computer , log on . SARA I be look up the designer . gerson do not bother . it be Francis D. corvin . SARA be he dead ? gerson close he eye in dread . gerson only if I be lucky . CUT to : ext . ranch house ( yountville , california ) - day Frank corvin 's ranch house . a old porsche 356 in the driveway . int . garage - door OPEN frank corvin , age 69 , have age well -- strong , fit , and tan if a bit weathered . he stand on a step ladder install a electric garage opener with a cordless drill . he 's lose he patience , cussing under and over he breath as he wife barbara , a attractive , long - gray - haire woman of 65 refer to -- instruction which show the bearded assistant from " Home improvement " grin as he easily install the device . barbara would you like I to read you the instruction again -- ? Frank cut she off with the loud cordless drill at maximum revs . the final screw screw in , he press a button on the unit . the garage door go down , smooth , perfect , the time light go on . frank let I explain something , darlin' . job do , he step down from the ladder , victory on he face . 14. frank that instruction be write by a japanese fella in Japan where they make the damn thing . then they have some expatriate american , live in Japan because he can not get a job in the U.S. , translate they . then , since it 's Japan and they be wary of foreigner , they get a japanese fella to edit the american guy who translate the japanese guy . he grin smugly , take the instruction from she , tear they in half . the time light click off ; it 's pitch black inside the garage . we hear he fumble for the remote , and press the button . nothing . he press it again . nothing . barbara you know the door to the house be lock , right ? frank it 's just the security code . he pop the back off the remote -- frank or the battery ... barbara you forget the battery ? frank ( romantic ) well , look like it 's just you and I , in a dark place , the smell of gasoline and fertilizer in the air ... he fumble about , advance on she . the ladder fall . she laugh , and " scream " for help . barbara help ! I be lock in a smelly garage with a dirty old man ! he stub he toe , cuss . and laugh . she give in , they start to make out . the garage door suddenly hum to life and open , casting the daylight on they mid-embrace , revealing -- SARA and ethan stand in front of Frank 's porsche , a beige government sedan behind it . ethan hold a identical remote . 15 . ethan Mr. corvin ? frank Doctor corvin . ethan Excuse I -- Doctor corvin . be I interrupt something ? the question be too stupid to even answer . Sara shoot he a look . SARA Doctor corvin . I be Sara Holland , and this be astronaut ethan glance . we be with NASA . Frank eye they suspiciously , look at the remote control in ethan 's hand . ethan it be in you car . I hear someone scream . frank thanks for save the day . now what do you want ? ethan could we have a minute of you time ? frank you should have call first . I be a very busy man . Barbara stifles a giggle . Frank send she a dirty look . SARA Dr. corvin , in thirty - five day a satellite with you guidance system on board be go to be - enter the atmosphere . the system be non-responsive . want to take a crack at it ? CUT to : int . franks dine room - moment later ethan have spread the technical drawing on the dining table . they all drink glass of iced tea . Frank slowly crunch he ice as he study the drawing . this clearly send shiver down ethan 's spine , and Frank know it . 16 . ethan there seem to be a interruption in the path here , but the circuitry be still operational . it 's send we data -- frank you have lose you uplink . ethan it have to be a problem in the manual rout drive here . frank I do not think so . ethan that 's the consensus among the engineer . frank the same engineer that send you here ? he crunch he ice for emphasis . ethan wince . frank do that bother you ? ethan yes , it do , actually . crunch . SARA you design pre-date all exist guidance system . it be ahead of its time in ' 69 , but this technology be obsolete now . none of the current engineer speak this language , and the older guy be ... she trail off , the conclusion clear -- they be all dead . frank it be not design for this duration of duty . it be design for SkyLab . my advice to you be capture the satellite and bring it home . ethan it 's too big . frank for the space shuttle ? what kind of bird be it ? SARA it 's a Russian communication satellite . frank what the hell 's my guidance system do onboard a Russian satellite ? ethan that 's really not we primary concern at this time . frank ( Frank really hate he now ) where 's it orbit , or be that not a primary concern either ? SARA one thousand mile . frank rate of decay ? SARA 8000 meter per day . and accelerate . frank you be right about one thing ; that bird 's come home . five week at the most . SARA NASA 's calculation agree . but here we be . Doctor , you design this system . if anyone can solve this , it 's you . Frank chomp he ice , size up both of they . frank for a moment there , I be think you two might be a couple of Bob gerson 's lackey . frank ( cont 'd ) but judge by you command of the fact of history , I see that 's impossible . he 's be take credit for that since I work it out in ' 58 , the year he replace my ass with a monkey . his blood pressure 's rise . he keep he gaze on Sara , see she look uncomfortable . 18 . frank you do not work for Bob , do you ? SARA he 's a Project manager at NASA . he 's one of many people assign to this problem . Frank nod , unmove . frank I will have to ask you both to leave . ethan Dr. corvin , you country need you . frank stick a sock in it , son . I have hear it all before . you can not solve this problem from here , and you will never get a crew up to speed on it in time . you bird 's dead , let she die . my only hope be that what do not disintegrate during re-entry land on Bob gerson 's house . Frank 's rage boil right under the surface . Barbara watch from the kitchen . frank but before you go , let I offer you both some career advice . get as far from that son of a bitch as humanly possible . ethan roll up the draw . ethan apparently the buzz on you be correct . frank and what buzz be that ? ethan you be not a team player . that 's why you wash out at NASA . frank get the hell out of my house ! ethan exit hurriedly . Sara take she time . there 's disappointment , but respect on she face . she exit . Frank 's face be flushed red , he eye angry slit , tooth 19 . clench . barbara we have to brush up on you hospitality skill . int . corvins ' kitchen - that night silence at the dinner table . Frank be still seethe . barbara you know what the problem with that satellite be , do not you . Frank snort , butter a roll . he obviously do . barbara you could fix it . probably ina day . right ? frank I will not crawl back for another beat . gerson make he bed , let he lie in it . Barbara . it 's a old satellite , a Russian one at that . it will burn up on re-entry and they will build another one . barbara Frank ... Barbara watch he leave , hate to see he like this . int . franks garage - late night Frank take the original draw of the guidance system out of a tube and spread it across he draft table . he blow the dust off it . he study it , casually eat ice cream . the look on he face tell we the problem be obvious . his eye travel up to -- group photo on wall team daedalus in the ' 5as : Frank , Hawk , Jerry , tank and a few other guy pose in front of the X - 2 jet pre - crash . full of youthful vigor , they dream still alive , eye on the prize of space . back to frank stare at the picture . his eye be misty ; it 's as if old dream freeze inside he have begin to thaw . like a 20 . child , he lick the vanilla ice cream moustache off he upper lip . ext . johnson space CENTER ( houston ) - day establishing . int . SARA holland office - day Sara look up from a classified Air Force file entitle " Project daedalus . " Frank corvin stand at she door , wear he crack leather Air Force jacket and jeans , chew gum . frank I have a solution to you problem . CUT to : int . bob gerson' office - upstair the door open . gerson look up , see Sara bring Frank in , cover he disdain with a insincere smile . gerson Frank corvin . how long 's it be ? frank not long enough , Bob . gerson ( laugh ) have not lose that corvin charm , have we ? coffee ? Frank nod . gerson go to the credenza and pour a cup . gerson Sara tell I you be up to speed on we little problem . we have get one sick bird . ( pointedly ) apparently there 's a flaw in the guidance system . he hand Frank he coffee . Frank smile at he jab . frank that 's a helluva way to get the designer of that system to help you out . gerson well , I hear about you initial 21 . response . do not worry , I be sure we will come up with something . SARA Dr. corvin be here with a solution . gerson well praise the Lord , we be deliver ! let 's hear this solution , Frank . Frank 's delivery be as nonchalant as possible . frank send my team up . we will fix you break satellite . both gerson and Sara look incredulous . a eternity pass . Frank fill the silence with a loud slurp of coffee . frank you make a damn good cup of coffee , Bob . gerson you want to run that by I again ? frank team daedalus . Hawk , tank , Jerry and I . send we up . gerson this be a joke , right ? Frank grin impishly , shake he head no . Sara resist smile . frank we train five year for a space mission . gerson how old be you , Frank ? frank Old enough to know you ass be in a sling . gerson Sara , would you excuse we ? this be fast become a personal matter . enjoy this , Sara reluctantly exit . 22. frank you be out of option . I know that because I be the last person you would come to for help . gerson you get that right . frank you satellite come down in thirty - four day . it 's too big to retrieve . it 's too important to let crash . I design that guidance system . I be the only one who can fix it . gerson I do not know how to break this to you , Frank . but you be a old man . frank well , this old man' all you get . you know it , I know it . besides , you let Glenn go up at 77 . there 's the offer . I will be hearing from you . Frank stand , turn to leave . gerson shout after he . gerson you become a senior citizen five year ago ! Frank stop , turn around with a care - to-differ look . frank four . gerson for once in you life , be a team player . train the crew if you like , but let the professional at NASA fix the design flaw . frank ( get angry ) there be not any design flaw . how it end up in a Russian bird in the middle of the cold war -- that 's the only flaw I see . how do that happen , Bob ? gerson squirm . frank this be a hand - on job , and there 's no way I can train anyone in this time - frame . my offer 's on 23 . the table . I and the team . take it or leave it . he turn to leave again , walk to the door . gerson you -- as a technical advisor , maybe . but I can not fill a space shuttle with geriatrics . you be professional enough to know that ! half that guy be probably dead anyway ! Frank open the door , and without look back , walk out . frank ( 0.s. ) the clock 's tick , Bob . and I be only get older . int . johnson space CENTER - entry hall - moment later Frank stride confidently to the front door . he 's chase by a security guard , who grab he . Frank push the man off he and keep on walk . security Mr. gerson would like you to wait here . Frank stop , turn around . gerson exit a elevator and walk briskly towards he . Frank grin confidently , hand in the pocket of he leather flight jacket . gerson alright . it 's a deal . he stick out he hand . Frank look at it , do not take it . frank I want it in write . gerson okay . but here be the term : you and every member of you team have to pass the same physical requirement as any other astronaut here . if one of you fail , none of you go up . ( as Frank think , nod ) and just to insure this be not a total exercise in futility , you will train to fix that guidance system side - by-side with my people in case you man do not pass , which 24 . be a distinct possibility . frank that 's fair . gerson I can not tell you how much I be go to enjoy watch you make a complete ass out of yourself . Frank stick out he hand , and they shake . Frank grin . frank ( sarcastic ) it 's great to be work with you again , Bob . Frank walk off . gerson shake he head . CUT to : int . america baptist church ( oklahoma CITY ) - sunday morning the reverend Sullivan ( tank ) pause in he sermon -- puzzle over he note . a youngish 67 , he flow robe can not hide he barrel - chest and Air Force tattoo on he wrist of a winge skull with a bloody dagger between its tooth . tank be thoroughly lose , desperately try to find he place , page fall off the lectern . tank Roman , uh ... chronicle ... ah yes ! the sparse congregation wait in catatonic silence . a old man , drool on he chin , jolt awake from he wife 's elbow in he rib . sitting in the back of the church be Frank , barely contain he laughter at tank 's awkwardness in the pulpit . tank ' and in the fortieth year , amariah begat Zadok , who begat libni , the brother of uzziah . ' no ... that 's not it , either . sigh from the congregation . tank 's lose they . he look down at the face of the lectern at -- the hula girl we see in he B - 50 in ' 58 . keeps it there for good luck , and for moment like this . tank once upon a time , four of the best pilot in the Air Force train to fly into space . they fly at the 25 . speed of sound to the very top of the sky , cheating death as they freefall from twenty mile high . the church be waking up now -- they apparently love this old war storey from reverend tank . int . back of church - moment later the recessional music thunder as the congregation dismiss . Frank wait , smile , at the end of the receive line . tank see he , and grab he up ina bear hug . tank boss . ( look up to the heaven ) sorry . my former boss . frank I bring glad tiding , reverend tank . they go by the name of daedalus . there appear to be a resurrection after all . int . tank's office - moment later Pilot picture among the seminary book . Frank reach up and take down a photo of team daedalus . tank remove he robe , shaking he head in disbelief . tank I do not know , Frank . that 's a complicated proposition . I have a flock . I have grandchild . frank they will be here when you get back . besides , you be bound to be able to milk this for three or four sermon . tank I need to pray about this . frank can you pray quick ? tank wait ... wait a moment , my stiff - neck brother ... ( close he eye , swoon ) I be receive a word from on High . 26 . frank and what be this word ? tank open he eye , grin . tank the word be , ' why the hell not ? ' CUT to : ext . amusement park ( california ) - day the park be under construction , empty except for crane and crew assemble roller coaster . one of the roller coaster be completely build , and a single car ride around the track . int . roller coaster car Riding alone in the car be Jerry o'neill . slight of build , a few wrinkle , a bad jet-black toupee under he baseball cap ; at 68 he have become a swinging bachelor out of touch with the time . he grin ear to ear as he talk into a micro-cassette recorder . jerry let 's kick this apogee up about 15 percent -- whoaa ! second bank 's too fast , some little johnny 's gonna pass out on we ... drop ita G go into third loop . ( go upside down ) Little more of a sine wave feel here ... not so flat . stand at the bottom of the roller coaster be several technician and a pretty young woman about thirty , watch Jerry , smile . Frank walk up to she as he watch Jerry go around . he seem to know she . frank thirty -five year design supersonic aircraft for the military . now he 's building roller coaster . perfect . ( laugh at the irony ) you father 's a gift man . the Young woman look at Frank , do not recognize he . pretty young woman oh , he 's gift , alright . the roller coaster come in . Jerry get out and hug the 27 . Young woman , give she a prolong kiss that be anything but paternal . he see Frank laugh to himself . jerry Frank corvin ! what be you do here ? frank just wonder if you be busy for the next month and a half . Jerry toss he tape recorder to one of the technician . frank NASA want to send we into space . Jerry examine Frank , lean in and tilting he head like Frank be crazy . he look concerned . jerry I wonder who would be the first . forty -year- old memory be sharp as the day they happen but you can not for the life of you remember what you have for breakfast . ( pause , loudly ) what do you have for breakfast , Frank ? frank vegetarian huevo rancheros and some kind of flavor decaf cappuccino that taste like it be filter through a jock strap . Jerry smile -- he old friend be okay . jerry Frank ! Frank proudly show a copy of the NASA contract to Jerry . Jerry take out a pair of very thick - lense glass ( ' 80s porsche frame ) and put they on . Frank 's look of pride turn to one of worry as he see Jerry 's thick glass . frank you need that ? jerry ( without irony ) naah . they be just for read ... drive ... see movie ... walk . ( at the contract ) Frank , how on earth -- ?! frank be you in ? 28 . jerry Hell yes I be in . Jerry hug Frank , slap he back . jerry team daedalus ride again . Hawk must have go into orbit when you tell he . frank I have not talk to he yet . I have not talk to he in a while , Jerry . jerry when be you guy gonna grow up and stop act like little boy ? CUT to : ext . utah airfield - day various aircraft ring a quonset Hut next to this dirt field . the place house a couple of fly school , a crop-dust outfit , and a Air Tours service . the young pilot inside the hut be all 30 - ish , fresh out of the military , almost too serious about they work . a antsy kid name jason enter excitedly with he girlfriend . jason it 's my birthday . I want the shit scared outta I . you know , barrel roll , loopdeloop ... all that stuff . young pilot we do not do that kind of fly . it 's dangerous and irresponsible . pilot # 2 too many lawsuit . Jason 's face fall . jason well who do ? the Young Pilot think , then point to the side of the quonset Hut , which be open . young pilot he do . 29 . Hawk , now in he mid-sixty , sit unassumingly in a corrode aluminum fold - up chair , foot up on a cooler , read a fishing magazine . young pilot hey , Hawk , this guy want a scary ride . Hawk look up , calmly eye Jason who bounce on the ball of he foot in anticipation . jason it 's my birthday . hawk well , happy birthday . slam CUT to : ext . airfield - moment later a p-51 mustang do a 450 mph barrel roll 100 foot off the deck . int . p- mustang - that moment in the back seat , Jason hang on for dear life . hawk all right , let 's go upstairs . the p - 51 's nose pull straight up , and they be in a 6 - G climb . jason oh God ...!! hawk here come the fun part -- we be go weightless . jason I do not think that 's such a good idea ! hawk aw , you will love it . 10,000 foot up . the p - 51 reach its apogee , and gently nose over , she motor whining down . as they go over the top , they go weightless . jason oh God !! 30 . hawk this be what fly 's all about . Jason do not seem to agree . he 's fully green , and gag . jason I have have enough , sir . hawk you sure ? you get ten minute leave . ( as Jason nod and groan ) whatever . it 's you money . he throw the stick over , and Jason scream for he life as the plane plunge earthward . ext . nearby road - drive - that moment through the windshield of he rental car , Frank watch the plane as it do a twist , roll free fall -- straight down . he recognize Hawk 's signature fly style , laugh . int . p— mustang - that moment Hawk pull out of the dive 100 foot off the deck again , pull a snap -turn as he line it up for the runway . Jason lose he lunch . ext . taxiway - that moment the p - 51 gracefully hit the tarmac and roll to a stop . Hawk cut the engine , pop the canopy . Jason pour himself out , wobbly - kneed . Hawk , annoyed , help the humiliate , still - green Jason out . vomit be splatter all over the back seat . hawk who give you the bright idea to eat a big lunch before go up ? jason oh my God , I be so sorry , I will clean it up , sir . Hawk reach into the cockpit and pull out a towel . out of the corner of he eye , Hawk see Jason 's girlfriend bound towards they from across the tarmac . Jason do not . hawk do not worry about it , I will do it . 31 . ( loudly , so girlfriend hear ) you earn you wing today , hot shot . I give . Hawk muster up a wink and a smile that fade the second Jason step down to hug he girl . Hawk turn and wearily begin clean out the cockpit . in the b.g. , Frank 's rental car pull up . Frank get out , but Hawk do not immediately see he . frank hey . Hawk look up , no visible reaction . hawk hey . Frank walk closer . a long beat pass . frank you know what the worst day in my life be ? hawk no . frank the day armstrong set foot on the moon . I think I must have be the only person in the world who want to kill myself that day . hawk thanks for that , Frank . we have not talk in 12 year , and that be pretty much the big question on my mind . what be you do here ? Frank grin mischievously . he 's be look forward to this . frank keeping a promise . a promise I make 40 year ago . hawk the one where you be go to kill I on sight or just have my leg break ? frank ( smile , remember ) the other one . I have engage ina little blackmail with NASA . 32 . they have get a satellite that 's gonna crash unless they find a way to fix the guidance system . hawk I be guess you design the guidance system . frank ( nod , grin ) they be desperate . Bob gerson come begging to I for help . I tell he I would fix it ... but only if he send up the original daedalus team to do the job . Frank show he the contract . Hawk study it . frank it 's no joke , Hawk . Jerry and tank be in ; they be wait for we at that roadhouse off the highway . hawk you know , age just bring out more of the Frank in you , Frank . I be genuinely impressed . Hawk laugh , Frank laugh , the two man laugh together -- this seem to be go well . Hawk carefully fold up the contract and hand it back to Frank . hawk do not put foolish dream in a fool 's head . especially not a old fool . have a nice flight , Frank . Hawk go back to the p - 51 's engine . frank you be not a fool then . but you be be one now . hawk say hello to Barbara for I . Frank stare at he angrily , he temper rise . frank sure . say hello to Jackie for I . hawk wish I could , Frank . wish I could . 33 . Frank freeze , unaware that Hawk 's wife have die . frank I be sorry . I do not know . Hawk ignore he , continue check the plug . int . rental car ( highway ) - moment later he curse to himself as he drive along the highway . a old pick - up truck pass he on the leave lane , nearly go headfirst into a oncoming eighteen - wheeler . at the last minute , the pick - up quickly cut in front of Frank , kick up a cloud of dust and exhaust in he face and tear off . Frank angrily honk the horn . CUT to : ext . ROADHOUSE ( edge of highway ) - day Frank 's car pull up and park . he get out and walk to the front door . he notice the pickup truck that just cut he off park in the lot , and glare at it . Jerry and tank open the screen door , stand in the doorway . they see the piss - off look on Frank 's face . jerry he say no , huh ? frank let 's get the hell out of here . tank maybe we should talk to he . frank forget it . he 's still the same stubborn , thick - skull jackass he always be . Hawk , who have be sit at the bar , turn around on he stool and finish a beer . he smile at Frank . hawk and you still drive slower than a little old lady go to church . a smile slowly ripple along Frank 's face . a drum roll and patriotic music ... CUT to : ext . johnson space CENTER - day 34 . the four man of team daedalus , all wear they crack leather flight jacket , stride towards the mammoth NASA headquarters , awed and dwarf by its sheer size . the step falter just a bit , the man wonder what they have get themselves into . they reach the giant front door of the -- ext . administrative headquarters the twin glass door open automatically . Frank enter , Hawk enter , Jerry enter , tank hesitates . the biggest and toughest - look of the bunch turn tail and start to trot off when Frank grab he and pull he inside . int . complex - various shot we four heroes strut down corridor after windowless corridor of the interconnected building . glance be exchange between they and the young man and woman who make up NASA . the atmosphere be clinical , antiseptic , anti-heroic , and the people who work here be of the MIT - physicist - in-space mold . the two group be a vivid contrast . more corridor . and more corridor . this place go on forever . Jerry and tank be get a little wind . tank , exhaust , sit down . Frank grab he arm and yank he back up . dissolve to : int . equipment test room - day a tireless , hyperactive seven - year- old boy name andrew run in tight circle , do " airplane " while make sound effect . this room be set up for tour and class trip ; space suit and tool be on display . Sara talk to a group of kid , age six to ten , and they teacher . Sara obviously love be around kid . Sara step into a manned maneuver unit ( mmu ) support by a stand , wire up to a treadmill . the mmu look like a giant chair - back with tiny jet nozzle and canister of nitrogen gas . SARA this be a m.m.u . that stand for manned maneuver unit . the m.m.u. allow we astronaut to move around in space so they can do work outside the space shuttle . Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank enter the room . Sara smile 35 . at Frank . the boy do airplane fly right into tank 's abdomen . tank buckle over in pain . the kid ricochet off he , into Hawk . tank ooof ! teacher Andrew ! Hawk catch the kid and lift he up . SARA come here , Andrew . let 's have some fun . she lower the mmu down to he , and strap he in . she start the treadmill . Andrew excitedly swivel the joystick on the mmu 's armrest control . Gas spray out from different nozzle on the mmu . SARA just one little burst from this jet be enough to move the astronaut mile in space . andrew how come I be not go anywhere ? SARA because we be on Earth , and that 's a very heavy unit . in space you do not weigh anything . there 's no gravity , and there 's no air resistance . the kid look fascinate but confuse . Hawk hold he hand out , move it up and down . hawk like when you stick you hand outside the car window and the air move it up and down . that 's air resistance . SARA ( smile at he ) right . in space that would not happen . little girl so if I jump on a trampoline in space ...? SARA you would go up ... and up ... and you would never come down . the kid giggle , loving this . Frank , Hawk , tank and Jerry look as awestruck and thrilled as the kid . andrew could you hit a baseball to the moon ? SARA actually , you could . all you would have to do be knock it halfway there , about a hundred thousand mile , and the moon 's gravity would do the rest . Hawk contemplate this . the teacher of the class herd the kid out of the room , leave just Sara , Frank , Hawk , tank and Jerry . SARA I have never meet a kid who do not dream of be a astronaut when he grow up . Hawk throw he arm over Frank 's shoulder . hawk ever meet a kid who would not let the dream go ? frank Sara Holland , this be Colonel William " Hawk " hawkins . retired Air Force in 1990 . still the best pilot they ever have -- not count I , that be . hawk ma'am . he shake she hand . they eye connect with a spark . SARA the Hawk . I have hear of you . Commander cliff Jenkins once tell I a story about you and he in viet nam . hawk it if come out of cliff 's mouth , I guarantee it 's 100 percent bullshit . ( laugh ) how be the old bullshitter ? SARA he 's dead , actually . Hawk 's smile freeze . Frank turn to tank . 36 . 37 . frank while Hawk chew on he boot , we will move right along . Captain ' tank ' Sullivan . the best navigator the Air Force ever have , could find anything anywhere . that be , before God get he . tank now more than ever . please to meet you , miss Holland . frank and last but not least , Captain Jerry o'neill . structural engineer and designer . the stealth fighter be he draw come to life . SARA you do not have a nickname ? jerry ( kiss she hand ) you can call I ... ' anytime . 's Big laugh . Frank roll he eye . SARA o-kay . well , if you man be ready , we have some work to do . int . gerson' office - day gerson be alone with vostov , who be pace nervously . vostov I do not need to remind you of the consequence of failure here -- personal consequence . gerson that 's the problem with you Russians , the glass be always half empty . vostov this man you be send up , they be not astronaut . the last time they train for a space mission , people be drive car with fin on they ! gerson laugh . gerson Colonel corvin be not go anywhere . his team will not pass the physical trial . vostov this be suppose to reassure I ? what will you do then ? gerson my best young astronaut be training alongside Colonel corvin , gain proficiency in this antiquated guidance system of he . until he do , corvin be to believe he 's go up . vostov ( panicky ) I do not know , perhaps we should consult -- gerson there will be no consulting . no one be to be in the loop on we problem . be we clear on that , General ? CUT to : int . operation briefing room - day crowd room , fill with technician , operation people , engineer , back - up astronaut , gerson and vostov . on the side wall stand ethan and he team of astronaut : three man , two woman ... and they do not look too happy . most piss among they be astronaut roger hine , 35 , a athletic black man with a lot of attitude . the room go quiet when gerson and Sara bring in Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank . SARA good morning , all . welcome to the sts -200 ops overview briefing . all have NASA 3 - ring binder , sts - 200 . that 's the cue to open . SARA this be a rather unusual mission , I think we would all agree . we will get start on the particular here in a moment , but first I would like we to make welcome the astronaut select for this mission , the 39 . founding member of Project daedalus . polite applause . Roger hine ' glare be wither . SARA as all of you know this man be the pioneer of this business . they be around when rocket be bear . SARA ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) welcome , gentleman . this be you team now . the door open , and Flight director Eugene Davis enter . SARA sts - 200 be originally slate to deliver a structural payload to the international space station . circumstance have force we to push back that mission and undertake a emergency rescue operation . we average staging time for a mission be 12 month . we be do this one in 32 day . ( to team daedalus ) the flight crew you be replace be one of NASA 's best . angle on ethan , roger and young team SARA you will train right alongside they in the interest of speed . Colonel hawkins , you will be piloting the newest shuttle in we fleet . this be she maiden flight . Hawk look at Frank with a devilish grin , whisper to he . hawk you know how much I love fly a virgin . SARA you be the finest America have to offer once ; I have no doubt you still be . Sara signal someone in the back and the light dim . a 3 - D map of Earth appear on a video screen . Jerry put he glass on . Frank reach over and take they off . 40 . SARA in 1986 the former Soviet Union launch communication satellite ikon into orbit . ikon be a irreplaceable link in Russia 's telecommunication 's chain . the graphic change to a satellite with large solar panel . SARA her orbit be decaye rapidly . she will enter we atmosphere in 30 day . you mission be to intercept and capture ikon , use the shuttle 's grapple arm . you will then have a 42 - hour window in which to repair the guidance system . from there , ikon will be reconfigure from Mission Control . once accomplish , you will return she to geo-sync orbit , use the payload assist module rocket . the light come up . Eugene Davis raise he hand . davis question . ( glance uneasily at Frank ) with all due respect to Frank -- why do not we just capture the bird and bring she home with a team train in satellite retrieval . it 's clear that this be this question everyone here be wonder . gerson it 's too big , gene . davis for the space shuttle ? ( to vostov ) how do you guy get it up there ? vostov there be modification post - deployment . gerson the system have to be fix on - site . give the short time line , Frank , the only engineer proficient in such obsolete technology , be the only engineer who can do the job . 41 . Davis be not convinced . neither be Roger . int . corridor - outside briefing room - moment later Davis wait impatiently for astronaut , tech and vostov to clear the hall before he dive - bomb gerson , Sara and Frank . davis so Frank corvin 's take he band of Leisure World aviator for a ride into space . NASA agree to this ? the Russians agree to it ? gerson Frank have leave we little choice in the matter . Frank grin . Davis smile cynically . davis I figure it might be something along that line . you two hate each other too much to cook this up together . no reply ; it 's obviously true . the smile fade . davis I do not want any part of it . get yourself another flight director . he turn to walk away , stop and turn around . davis by the way , how do the guidance system from SkyLab end up ona Russian Bird ? frank damned if I know . but I seem to be the only one able to fix it . davis grow up , Frank . be a team player . help my astronaut out -- as a engineer ! frank if I be not completely confident that I could deliver every bit as well as you astronaut , I would not go near it . Davis wait , then let out a soft roll laugh from he chest . davis you have not change a bit . frank that seem to be the consensus . davis ( to gerson ) I be still the flight director , and I can pull the plug on this one . Frank smirk . davis you guy make a deal , fine . but here 's my deal . I be not turn over a brand new shuttle to four rookie with a month 's training . you be take two of my guy with you . ( off Frank 's wince ) ethan 's a brown -nose brat , Roger 's a cocky little shit , but they be the best astronaut in we pipeline . they be on board , or this flight stay on the pad . frank okay , gene . davis and if I sense for one second that you guy be not cut it physically or mentally , you be off and the original team fly . so let 's see if you have still get it . CUT to : int . NASA medical build - day four naked male butt -- not exactly bun of steel . wearing only they sock , team daedalus be line up for hernia check . they cough , wheeze , and curl toe at the end of the doctor 's cold , rubber glove . they each step forward , move on to -- four scale where they be weigh and have they height measure . tank look at he height , let out a big laugh , turn to the straight - face medical technician . tank all this high - tech equipment and you calibration be off ! this 43 . say I have shrink a inch ! he laugh , expect the other to laugh with he . they do not ; they just stare at he with pity . he get the hint , stop laugh , stand as straight as he can . int . cardio CENTER - later Hawk , Frank , Jerry and tank stand on treadmills , stationary . a annoying cardio tech apply ekg tabs on to we bare - chest man , connect they to ekg monitor . the tech talk to they like they be deaf , old man , enunciate very loudly . cardio tech I be go to start you off very , very slow . he point to a large , red button on each treadmill . cardio tech if at any time you feel dizzy or weak , just hit the red button near you right hand . that will stop the treadmill he start the treadmills , slower even than a walk speed . cardio tech how 's everybody feel ? annoy , apparently . hawk ( sarcastic ) maybe you could talk a little louder . cardio tech be that speed okay ? hawk no . it 's not . Hawk press a button on the treadmill that increase the speed of he treadmill so he 's move at a jogging pace . the other follow suit . the man get down to some serious exercise . cardio tech can tell he 's not want , leave the room . medical clinic - later ear , throat , heartbeat be check . dr . anne caruther , the flight surgeon , a pretty woman in she late 40s , examine Jerry 's ear , and move he toupee at least 44 , a inch . medical clinic - eye chart - later Hawk stand on a red line , Frank wait next to he . Dr. caruther instruct Hawk . dr . caruther place you hand over you right eye and read the chart if you would . hawk ( to Frank ) time I . frank huh ? Frank , confuse , look up at the big clock . Hawk go down the chart , read incredibly fast . hawk F , L , E , p , T , p , L , E , p , F , L , F , L , E , p , T , p , L , F , E , T ..+ , a , D , E , 1 , N , U , S , a ... ( laugh , fake modesty ) oh , make in U.S.A . what do you know . score one for the economy . dr . caruther you have twenty - ten vision , Colonel . hawk uh , be that good ? Frank yank the joker away by he arm . Hawk take a seat on a sofa a few foot behind . frank fourteen second . time I . ( a little slower ) F , L , E , p , T , p , L , E , p , F , L , F , L , E , p , T , p , F ..- I mean l... f... E ... P. hawk T. Frank shoot he a look . dr . caruther twenty -twenty . hawk and five second slow . 45 . Dr. caruther smile , amused by the competition between the two man . Jerry hand he thick glass to caruther and step up to the same eye chart Hawk read . jerry's Pov - eye chart it 's a complete blur . on jerry not even squinting . jerry F , L , E , p , T , p , L , E , p , F , L , F , L , E , p , T , p , L , F , E , T. dr . caruther ( shocked ) you have twenty - ten vision , Captain . Hawk and Frank exchange baffle look . caruther hand the smile Jerry back he glass . he saunter off . Frank walk up to he -- he do not even have to ask . jerry I may be blind , Frank , but I have a perfect memory . always do . int . medical clinic - blood test - later a needle come out of Frank 's arm . Dr. caruther quickly apply a cotton ball , close he elbow . she hand the test tube of he blood to a assistant . dr . caruther next. Colonel hawkins ? Hawk sheepishly step forward , dread this . sitting down , he turn away , not want to see . dr . caruther be you feel all right ? hawk not crazy about needle . dr . caruther that 's very common . when be you last physical ? hawk a while ago . I could not say . she jab Hawk , start draw blood . 46 . dr . caruther you do not remember I , do you ? my father be flight surgeon at beal Air Force base for 21 year . hawk Dr. Martin ? the goat ? dr . caruther ' the goat . ' that be my dad . I meet you when I be 12 year old , but that 's be a while . I doubt you would remember . hawk ( study she a moment ) freckle , pigtail , knobby knee . be that you ? ( as she grin , and nod ) so how be the Old goat ? dr . caruther pass away . nine year ago . Hawk 's smile freeze , again . she finish , smile sadly . and walk off with the blood . Frank and Hawk get up and go into -- hall both mull over the same grim think . hawk be you notice how everybody seem to be dead lately ? they walk down the hall hold cotton ball to they arm . dissolve to : ext . astronaut quarter - next morning Dawn . Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank assemble out front in they NASA sweat , a humorous contrast to -- Roger , ethan and the young team . they stretch . Roger not only touch the ground , he can palm it . tank watch they , try to stretch . he can barely touch he knee , go as far as he ankle , hang there , a distress look on he face . 47 . tank ( whisper ) hey , uh ... Frank ? Frank and Hawk be in good shape , stretch like pro . Hawk look at Frank , tip he head towards tank . Frank walk over and straighten tank out . this hurt . ethan we will start off easy today . just do ten . tank ( horrify ) Minutes ? jerry mile . ext . johnson space CENTER ground - later mile two . astronaut Roger hine lead the pack , do about a five- minute mile , not break a sweat . ethan and the rest of the young team right behind -- look fit and invincible . about a quarter - mile behind they be !-— hawk and frank a little less invincible , but keep a good pace . a few step behind they be -- tank and jerry red-faced , huffing and puffing . jerry I be a engineer . I have not run since Nixon be President . how far have we go ? frank not quite two . tank this be gonna give I a heart attack . hawk that 's the idea , tank . tank what -- to give we heart attack ? 48. hawk exactly . imagine if we do not make it through lift-off . the U.S. would be the first nation to launch four corpse into orbit . frank if we be gonna have heart attack , NASA 's gonna make damn sure we have they right here on Earth . so let 's get this over with . Frank pick up speed , lead the pack . the other catch up . a grim pall settles over they morning run . CUT to : int . weight room - later that day Roger push 225 pound easily off he chest , repeat it eight time with perfect form , ethan spot he . Roger finish , slam the barbell against the rack , turn to Hawk . roger can you handle 225 pound , Colonel ? hawk sure . Hawk nervously turn to tank . hawk Spot I . ( wink , whisper ) Spot the hell out of I . Hawk slide onto the bench under the barbell . tank rest he hand under the bar , spot Hawk . Hawk grunt as he push the barbell up . Roger and ethan do not realize -- tank be not just spot , he 's help Hawk by lift . the exertion show in he clench jaw , and the bulg vein in he neck -- he be strain not to grunt , must find a way to camouflage he exertion . he yell at Hawk , like a drill sergeant . tank push it ! come on , hawk , push ! push ! Hawk ( and tank ) successfully lift the barbell five time . 49 . Roger and ethan be none the wiser , look impressed . tank be suffer . tank finally let the weight drop back onto the rack . Hawk slide out . easy . ethan not bad . Roger look at tank , see he face be red from exertion . roger man , you really get into it , do not you ? tank , suppress a groan , give Roger a weak thumb -up . Hawk slap tank on the shoulder . tank ( whisper ) I be gonna go to my room and cry now . int . NASA dine hall - night full house . all crew break for dinner . Frank and the team bring they trays to a table reserve for they . they move slow and deliberately , obviously sore as hell . creak and groan as they fall into they chair . they stare at the food , which include corn on the cob , in exhaust silence . tank I be too tired to chew . angle on ethan and roger sit down with the young team . look over at we guy and laugh . frank see the young team laugh . cranky , he look over he man . frank try and look a little perkier , guy . they manage some phony " perk , " big smile hide big discomfort . Jerry have a few bite of corn . tank I be think now of my uncle wendell . the last ten year of he life , no one ever have a conversation with he that do not 50 . center on he gout , he arthritis , or he bowel movement . ( beat ) I be beginning to see the world through uncle wendell 's eye . jerry you still sure about this , Frank ? frank we be almost do with the tough stuff and you want to quit ? ( look he man over ) tomorrow we start training for we mission . I want everyone to get a good night 's sleep . tank Boy , there 's a challenge . something catch Hawk 's eye . he laugh . hawk Jerry , what be you do ? Jerry fiddle with he mouth . jerry it 's this damn tooth . ( he adjust they ) they will not stay in . Frank be mortify . frank for God 's sake , Jerry . Hawk laugh . the waiter walk over hold a tray with four can of ensure , the power drink for senior . waiter ( 0.s. ) gentlemen . a round of drink from you friend at the table over there . ethan , Roger , and the young team laugh as they raise they coffee cup to they in a toast . the room go quiet , await they response . Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank raise the can to they host , and clink they together . frank ( loudly , to the room ) to old fart in outer space . the room fill with laughter as they drink up happily , 51 . deflate the intend insult . CUT to : int . astronaut quarter - frank and hawk' room - night Three a.m. , pitch black outside . Frank doze on he bunk , glass down he nose , sts - 200 binder on he chest . a rustling sound wake he . he look over , see -- hawk quietly dress in jogging sweat . frank too much for you , huh ? decide to quit while you be ahead ? Hawk laugh as he put a T-shirt on . hawk think I would start the day with a little jog . frank be you crazy ? we jog at five and it 's only three . go back to bed . hawk you want to sleep , Frank , sleep . you look like you need the rest anyhow . the gauntlet down , Hawk open the door to leave . frank you bastard . ext . johnson space CENTER ground - pre-dawn it 's pitch - black out . Hawk jog around the track -- frank right next to he , wonder how he get con into this . dissolve to : same scene -— dawn Hawk and Frank , still jogging around the track . sweaty , but look strong . 52 . hawk I will race you the last lap . frank Hawk ... okay . hawk countdown to one . ready ...? ( beat ) one . Hawk burst forward , Frank right after he , two old man racing like schoolboy . long shot - hawk and frank run , neck and neck , the sun come up behind they . the grounds ' sprinkler burst on . in parking lot - that moment Sara get out of she car , walk briskly to the administrative office , all business , until she see -- frank and hawk finish the race in a tie , then fall on the grass , exhaust . they sprawl on they back underneath the sprinkler to cool off . SARA smile to herself as she watch . a new feel be come over NASA . int . gym - outside men' locker / dressing room - morning Sara , hold a manila envelope , tentatively walk up to the men' locker room door . she listen to frank and hawk talking from inside . the door suddenly open , surprising Sara . Frank step out , fully dress , look at the embarrassed Sara with a smile . she gather she wit . SARA hi , Frank . I be look for Hawk . frank he 's inside . you can go on in . SARA be it ... okay ? 53. frank ( with a twinkle in he eye ) oh yeah . he walk off . Sara enter the locker room . int . men' locker room - continuous action Sara enter , look around , hear Hawk hum . she pass a row of locker , look behind it ( we do not see what she see ) -- and instantly turn on she foot and walk back to the door , she face bett red . SARA I be so sorry . Hawk come out from behind the locker , towel wrap around he waist . hawk it 's okay , it 's okay . ( as she stop ) so . what bring you to the ... man 's locker room , Sara ? SARA ( difficulty concentrate ) gene move up -- he move up the simulator run . she trail off , nodd . Hawk look at she , wait for she to finish . hawk to ... when ? SARA right . that would be ... eleven o'clock . there be some new procedure I want you to be aware of . she hand he the manila envelope . Hawk open it and take out several page , which he carefully review , totally nonpluss by the situation . after a long , awkward beat , Hawk stare at she and smile . she return the smile weakly . SARA this be extremely uncomfortable . I be go to leave now . Hawk gesture grandly to the door . he smile , watch as she hurry off . 54 . hawk hey , Sara . I be take you out for a beer . SARA ( to herself ) I be go to need one . CUT to : int . shuttle simulator - morning it be a full - scale mock - up of the space shuttle . tank sit in the payload area hold the grapple arm control joy stick in he hand . he face a monitor show a simulate satellite in space . six stoic engineer in white coat watch he as he try to capture the satellite with the grapple arm . he look disturb that he be be observe so closely . tank you be make I nervous . a female engineer lean forward and whisper in tank 's ear . female engineer you should probably get use to it . there 's go to be a lot more people watch you on television . he gulp , miss the satellite . int . clinic - on four test tube - morning of blood in a stand . Dr. caruther take a drop of blood from one of the tube and sandwich it between two slide . she examine it under the microscope , focus . she look concerned . she take one of the test tube out of the rack and put it in -- blood centrifuge she turn the centrifuge on and the test tube go whipping around and around ... match CUT to : int . centrifuge room - day 55 . the massive arm swinging around the circular room slow to a stop . two tech pop open the clear canopy and unfasten Jerry and tank from the two seat . they be a little shaky as they exit the cockpit . tech that be three G 's . that 's as bad as it get during ascent and entry . tank I be so pleased . Hawk and Frank be up now . they eagerly jump inside the cockpit , and get strapped down , hook up they headsets . the canopy close over they head . hawk first one to pass out busy the beer tonight . frank you be on . Frank grab the joystick and off they go , whipping around , 1g , 2 G 's ... they reach 5 G 's in no time . hawk ( over communicator ) hey , Frank , do we start yet ? frank ( into communicator ) I do not know , feel like we be stand still . int . control room - that moment the Engineers look aghast as the boy crank it up some more . other crew people enter the room , include Roger and member of the young team . hawk ( v.o. ) ( shaky voice , over monitor ) what 's the matter , be the damn thing break ? this be a spectator event now . they be up to 8 G 's . the room shake . tight on hawk and franks face shaking and warping out like the science book picture . 56 . frank ( really shaky ) hey , Hawk , I be pretty sure the machine just kick in . Hawk crank it up some more . and some more . this be get serious . hawk and frank be beginning to " gray out , " but neither will say " uncle " first . hawk yyyyou're ... e-e - easy ... fffrankkkk ... 10 G 's . the machine be scream . the room be silent . roger they be gonna kill themselves . davis ( 0.s. ) what the hell be go on in here ?! ! everyone turn around . Davis , at the back of the room , step forward and slam the " all stop " switch . the arm slowly wind down . everybody be totally bust -- young and old alike -- just by be here . the arm stop , but we do not see anything through the canopy from inside the booth . Davis be seethe -- grab the intercom microphone . davis I be sure this be a great show . but this thing be not a toy ! ( into the intercom ) one of you idiot care to explain this ?! angle on centrifuge cockpit as the tech lift the canopy we see that Frank and Hawk have both pass out . with they flush red face , drool at the corner of they mouth , and they sweaty hair , they look like sleep baby strapped into car seat . the tech take they pulse . they groggily start to regain consciousness . tech they be just unconscious , sir . Davis fight it , but he scowl give way to a smirk ... then a smile . the entire room look relieved . 57 . davis I be get too old for this shit . int . honky - tonk - night the place be crowded with young professional at happy hour . Hawk and Frank shoot pool . on the dance floor , a small group of pretty young woman , lead by Jerry , be line dance . tank stand alone drink a beer look around the room . he see something that draw he like a bug to a light -- a arcade game -- the kind where a joy stick operate claw - on - a- crane drop down and pick up a stuff animal inside a glass booth . tank beeline towards the game and drop in two quarter . he swig the last of he drink , then take the joy stick . tank purple tiger . the crane come to life as tank maneuver the joy stick leave and right . it drop over a little stuff purple tiger . tank gingerly clamp on and guide it over the chute , drop it . tank joyfully retrieve he little stuff animal and start laugh goofily . he look around the room to see if anyone see he victory . no one do . he stop laugh and stuff it in he pocket . over at hawk and franks pool table the pretty young cocktail waitress bring over two bottle of beer . she put they on a narrow counter near the pool table . cocktail waitress that will be seven dollar . Frank and Hawk just look at each other , a stand - off -- neither go for they wallet . cocktail waitress hello ? hawk he 's buy . frank oh no . we pass out at the same time . 58 . hawk bullshit . I watch you pass out . ( beat ) right before I pass out . they crack up . Hawk reach for he wallet . hawk I get this round . only because I be so confident in my superiority to you in every aspect of human life . Frank stop Hawk from pay . frank maybe there 's a way to settle this . ( turn to the waitress ) give the choice , which one of we would you take home with you tonight ? she play along , look they over . cocktail waitress you mean like , to ' the home ' ? like the retirement home ? onlooker laugh . all except a big , tough man name tiny . hawk no , seriously . would you choose this man , with he asymmetrical sagging ass cheek , love handle the size of nebraska , and yellow ingrown toenail . frank or this man , with the chicken - gizzard neck and the face that look like a death Valley fire road ? the woman 's charme . she 's about to answer when tiny intercede . tiny stop harass the waitress . frank I be not harass anyone . I be ask she a harmless question , one that 's get nothing to do with you . so go back to nursing you virgin peach daiquiri and mind you own damn business . 59 . tiny it be my business . this woman 's my friend , and she put up with asshole like you all day because she have to -- cocktail waitress tiny -- Hawk mouth to Frank , in disbelief , " tiny ? " tiny -- but I do not . so if you want to harass someone , start harass I . hawk I do believe he be , son . onlooker laugh . the man be not pleased . tiny I could put you in a hospital , old man . frank I have get medicare . take you best shot . more laughter . tiny I do not want to make you old lady a widow . this overheat Frank 's core . Frank drop the charm , he temper flare . he grab tiny and shove he against the counter . frank what do you say ? tiny push Frank off he , get in fight stance . Frank rip he leather jacket off , pull up he sleeve . Hawk have obviously see this happen before , roll he eye as he step between the two man and address Frank 's opponent . hawk Excuse I a minute . ( to Frank ) listen , Frank . you can not do this . we be go up into space in 25 day . Hawk speak loudly enough that the crowd around they hear they conversation about " go into space . " they 60 . seem like loon . the crowd include one man drink at the bar with a camera bag and notebook . hawk if you hurt yourself , if you break a bone or sprain a ankle , you seat on the shuttle be go to that m.i.t. weenie with the blow - dry hair . and we all watch it on tv at you house . frank who say I be gonna hurt myself ? tiny what the hell be you two talk about -- ' the space shuttle ' ? Hawk hold up he finger to tiny for more time . hawk you be go to blow it for we again , be not you ? you and that mean-ass temper of yours . frank you still think I blow we shot in " 58 ? hawk face it already , Frank . you do . tiny lose interest in fight Frank . this suit Frank fine -- Hawk be now the subject of he wrath . tank and Jerry watch from the sideline , smile . jerry here we go again . Frank shove Hawk . Hawk retreat , not want to fight . frank and the pilot who wreck every rocket and experimental jet the Air Force give we ? Frank shove Hawk again . Hawk let the first one slide , but not this one . he push Frank back , grab Frank 's jacket off the pool table and throw it in he face . Frank catch it . hawk let 's take it outside . I be gonna kick you asymmetrical sagging ass . 61 . Hawk and Frank storm out of the bar . bar patron watch the two man like they be crazy . all except the man at the bar with the camera bag , who scribbles something in he notebook . outside honky -tonk Hawk and Frank step out the swinging door into the parking lot . Frank seethe . Hawk laugh . hawk how would you like that ? can I still get you out of a jam or what ? you see that guy 's face when I say , ' space shuttle ' -- ? crack ! Frank punch he hard in the jaw . Hawk hit the pavement , rub he jaw , realize Frank be not in on the plan . frank whose fault be it that daedalus get can , Colonel hawkins ? hawk shit . this be gonna be a long night . Hawk get up , punch Frank in the face . the two go at it like this , duking it out in the parking lot , bob and weaving , neither one relenting ... dissolve to : int . corridor - outside engineering lab - morning Eugene Davis walk down the hall . he pass -- hawk walk toward he , head down because he 's read a file as he walk . davis good morning , Hawk . Hawk look up long enough to show we he black eye . hawk Morning , gene . davis what the hell happen to you eye ? 62 . Hawk keep on walk . hawk I fall in the shower . maybe you could have maintenance install some rubber no - slip adhesive on the floor , it can get pretty slippery in there . Davis know he 's be bullshit , let it go . he enter the -- engineering lab where Frank work on a mock - up of the guidance system with Jerry . his back be to Davis and we . ethan watch as Frank touch two separate electrical bus with probe . Jerry alternately watch a monitor while screwing something in . frank what 's that do ? jerry still ten megahertz . Little more . davis how 's it come along , Frank ? Frank turn around ; he , too , have a black eye . frank pretty good , gene . davis what happen to you eye , Frank ? you slip in the shower ? frank how the hell do you know ? Frank slowly give he most charming grin . Davis turn he back on it and walk away . CUT to : int . cardio CENTER - morning ethan , alone in the room , pedal on stationary bike while read the manual to Frank 's guidance system , frustrated . his arm band heart monitor beeps . gerson walk in . gerson I have not see you in my office in a couple of day . I be start to 63 . worry . ethan you should worry . this guy will not let I within ten foot of he . I be not even sure he know how to fix the guidance system ; he just want a free ride . gerson shut off the bike , ethan stop pedale and the beeping stop . gerson ethan , maybe it 's time you and I take a look at the big picture . there be six slot on the first Space Station crew . there be fourteen partner country and all of they will want to send up one of they own . some of that be bound to be woman . you be a pale , stale american male . consider the odd . ethan I be confident in my ability . gerson well let 's see if you can not apply that ability to Frank 's guidance system . you effort will not go unnotice . gerson start the bike again and we hear ethan 's heartbeat racing . gerson smile , satisfied , pat ethan on the shoulder and leave . CUT to : lighted runway the shuttle be on final approach to cape Kennedy , come in for a night landing . we be actually -- int . shuttle simulator - morning Roger and ethan at the control , Frank and Hawk observe in the seat immediately behind . Pace be fast and furious -- all business . gauge flash everywhere . ethan gear be down and lock . airspeed 300 . Cross -wind on we right , 14 knot . 64 . roger we be a little hot . drop flap . ethan 200 ... 100 ... touchdown . the virtual shuttle roll to a stop . Roger turn to Hawk . roger you be up . int . mission control - simultaneous action the room be hum . this flight engineer train right along with the astronaut in the simulator . Sara watch the big screen with Eugene Davis . davis Nice landing , guy . let 's put we rookie up front . simsupe , you on with I ? int . simulator control room —- that moment the simulator supervisor ( simsupe ) answer . simsupe simsupe . go , gene . davis Standard package -- throw a little curve at ‘em , though . simsupe Roger that . he punch up a program on the computer . int . simulator - moment later Hawk and Frank at the control . same scene on the simulator screen . a alarm sound as they approach the runway . frank hydraulic failure . right aileron . hawk switch to manual control . roger you can not do that , Colonel . the bird 's on a computerize track . 65 . another alarm . frank airspeed 's too high . come on , Hawk , stick to the protocol . go around . hawk we will never make it . switch to manual . ethan shake he head no . the runway approach rapidly . Hawk pull back on the wheel -- no response . roger you can not do that !! Roger grab onto the seat arm as though they be really about to crash . frank damn it ! prepare to abort !! hawk like hell . he fight to hold the wheel -- it 's a rough , nearly sideways touchdown -- the shuttle bounce once , twice ... hawk awww ... shit . and its gear collapse as it crash down , tumble over . the screen go blank . int . mission control - that moment silence in the room . Davis look up at the blank screen , calm , but obviously very concerned . SARA come on , gene . you can not throw all that at he on he first run ! davis we have get three week , Sara . and this be Flight School 101 stuff . ( shake he head ) he 's be out of the game too long . back to simulator - that moment ethan and Roger show professionalism , but they eye show satisfaction . Hawk and Frank stare straight ahead -- 66 . both angry and embarrassed . frank ( whisper ) this be not you p - 51 , Hawk . you gotta do it they way . hawk I do not need a damn computer to land a airplane , Frank . roger Sir , it 's not a airplane . it 'sa fly brick on approach and you have get to work with the on - board computer . hawk and if the on-board computer fail ? ethan it 's never fail . Hawk glance over at Frank -- see how disappointed he be . hawk ( into communicator ) Houston , s.t.s-200 . capcom ( v.0 . ) go , 200 . hawk request second landing . ( think ) request also computer failure on approach . capcom ( v.o. ) say again , 200 ? hawk you hear I . int . mission control - that moment the whole room wait . the capcom ( the voice of Mission Control ) turn to Davis . as do Sara . she plead with she eye . he relent with a sigh . davis all right , run it again . capcom s.t.s -200 , stand by for second 67 . approach . davis throw the work at he . CUT to : simulator screen ( hawk' second approach ) - moment later emergency night landing into North Africa . wind , rain , very rough . frank altitude 3000 . you be come in too steep , Hawk . roger you better pull up , sir . you be gonna lose it again ! Hawk ignore they . another alarm sound . frank auxiliary engine fire -- number two ! shut it down . Hawk calmly hit a sequence of switch , never take he eye off the approach . hawk do not need it anyway . we be just a fly brick from here on in . ( smile to himself ) the fly brick ... he hum to himself , totally in he element . the shuttle buffet wildly -- the radar alarm sound now . frank wind shear on the nose . all the computer screen go blank . ethan gloat . ethan Computers be down , sir . she 's all yours . Hawk do not even notice . back to mission control Sara be worried . look like a repeat . back to hawk 68 . focus on the runway come up , still hum calmly . frank altitude 500 . line up . ethan you airspeed 's way too high . frank airspeed four-nine -zero . that 's too hot , Hawk ! roger you will never get this thing stop ! hawk aw , it 's easy . you just gotta tap the brake . he gently nudge the nose up . roger you can not do that ! you be gonna put she into a stall ! the stall alarm sound . the wing can not support the weight at this speed and attitude . frank 100 foot . Hawk , what be you do ? hawk tapping the brake . roger Drop the nose ! you be gonna lose it ! frank 50 foot ! Drop the nose ! hawk airspeed ? frank ( shocked ) two hundred . hawk what do you say we drop the nose ? he nudge the wheel over gently . touchdown . Light as a feather . 69 . back to mission control they watch in shock as the shuttle roll to a perfect stop . Davis be open-mouthed . Sara yell out loud . SARA alright , Hawk ! she can not believe she do that , look around , embarrassed . back to simulator Roger be flabbergasted . roger that 's impossible . hawk for a computer , maybe . he give Frank a signature Hawk grin . hawk the Flying Brick . I like the sound of that . int . dine hall - that night dinner . ethan , Roger , and the young team look up as the waiter arrive . waiter lady and gentleman , from you teammate at the table over there . he busily hand out a tray full of gerber baby food jar , barely keep a straight face . waiter and some training material for you to look over ... he hand out a stack of curious George go into Space book . as the room erupt in applause and laughter , ethan and Roger turn slowly to ... team daedalus -- they raise they can of ensure and clink they . match CUT to : ext . bluff - close on two Beer bottle - night clink together . 70 . Hawk and Sara sit side by side on the hood of she ' 65 mustang convertible , the Houston city light below they , the moon shine bright above they . he take a sip of he beer . SARA forty percent . hawk forty percent ?! that 's the best you will give I ? SARA ( grin seductively ) you might nail it . you might crash and burn . the odd be against you , Colonel . with a twinkly smile , he put the beer bottle on the hood and turn to she , look like he 's about to make a move on she . instead , he bend down and pick up a rock off the ground and let it fly , hit a telephone pole a hundred foot away . hawk ( mockingly ) forty percent . SARA the wind be with you . hawk the wind !? she laugh and hand he he beer . SARA forty percent for you , you nail it . forty for I , I would have miss by a mile . ( sip she beer ) that 's why I move out of the astronaut program . the odd of I get on a shuttle be nowhere near forty percent . but I be a astronaut . yes , I be . hawk damn right , you be . they clink bottle , then toast the moon . SARA you do not think like that , do you . you jump out of plane twenty mile up , drive rocket sleds the speed of sound -- you be not afraid 71 . of anything . hawk no , that 's not true . I have be afraid . SARA bullshit . when . hawk ( think hard ) well . when I be seventeen . God , I be crazy in love with this college girl . she be gorgeous , a real ball of fire and crazy in love with -- SARA ( wearily ) you. hawk no. a&m 's all - american defensive end . Scott lebeau -- man he be six - six if he be a foot , and Gary Cooper handsome . one night some friend and I have a few too many of this ... ( shake he beer bottle ) «+. and we crash this big ol ' sorority cotillion , everyone all dress up in chiffon gowns and daddy 's tuxedo . and there 's we look like three hobo that just fall off a boxcar -- and this be at the governor 's ranch , you see . SARA I be get the picture . hawk so my friend see Scott lebeau enter the outhouse , right ? ( take a deep breath ) well , I do a better tackle on that outhouse than he would ever do on the football field , roll that sucker right down a embankment into the creek . there 's scream and cry the whole way down -- only it do not sound like a all - american defensive end . it be decidedly more feminine than that . SARA oh my God , you do not . 72 . hawk the love of my life , slip-slide away . my friend be pretty funny guy . SARA what do you do ? hawk ran like hell , join the Air Force the next morning . she playfully shove he . SARA you be afraid Scott lebeau be gonna kick you ass . hawk Hell no , I be afraid of she . laugh , they stare into each other 's eye . after a awkward pause , she make the move , kissing he . on hawk' face he 's enjoy the kiss , but something be wrong . he kindly withdraw from the kiss , then hug she . Sara look quizzical . he stare over she shoulder , smile , he thought far away . hawk I marry she four year later . ext . ground - dawn Frank , Hawk , tank and Jerry run as a tight - knit group , keep a good , strong pace . somewhere in tree ( overlooking ground ) the man from the bar hide in the bush , aim he telephoto lens at the man , click off picture . int . administrative office - morning Sara arrive to work a little late , so she add a little jaunt to she step . co-worker stare at she from they cubicle with pry , pity eye as she pass . she get a little self - conscious . 73 . SARA what ! I be only fifteen minute late . someone toss she a copy of USA today . the headline say : " the ripe STUFF . " underneath be a big , grainy spy picture of Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank run on the track in they NASA sweat . they look good . inset be a old photo of team daedalus , the same one we see in Frank 's garage . SARA oh , shit . holding the paper , she make a bee-line for she office . she open the door and go -- inside her office where Bob gerson be sit in she chair . he be not happy . gerson extra . extra . read all about it . SARA Bob , I do not know how this leak out -- gerson NASA be get call from every tabloid and tv show in the country ask I to verify this story . Sara weigh this . SARA why can not we verify the story ? gerson s.t.s. - 200 be a delicate and top secret satellite recovery . this look like a three - ring circus . how do you suppose the vice President feel this morning when he sit down for breakfast , open he paper and see this ? he open the USA today ; there be a full - page grainy spy photo of Frank and Hawk , post -jog , shirt off and sweat , look good for 70 - year - old guy ... but they be still old guy . Sara emit a quick burst of laughter , choke it back . gerson I have to face he , Sara . you 74 . do not . he furiously throw he newspaper in the garbage and leave . int . hangar - day Inside be the shuttle simulator . it sit propped on a frame , with stair lead to the cockpit hatch . Eugene Davis escort Frank , Hawk , Jerry , tank , ethan and Roger , all wear they flight uniform , up the stair . a technician open the hatch . davis this be a full - scale simulator of you cabin . except for gravity , we be go to simulate live condition on board in order to familiarize you with you new live environment . bon voyage . the man enter the hatch to the shuttle . he shut the hatch . int . shuttle simulator - bathroom - day Roger demonstrate proper urination / defecation tool and technique for Frank , Hawk , tank and Jerry . Roger hold up a clear funnel , speak in a humorless deadpan . roger this be you funnel . attaches to the hose here . before start up the hose , you want to make sure you have a tight seal against you skin . Jerry raise he hand , a impish smile on he face . Roger look at he , know the question he 's about to ask . roger yes , one size fit all . Jerry lower he hand . the other chuckle . roger just in case , you also have a diaper under you pressure suit . more chuckle from we heroes . Roger remain poker - face . CUT to : 75 . same - later the man go about the simulate mission in the shuttle : a ) frank and jerry run system check with the on-board computer . B ) tank practice capture a mock -satellite with the robotic grapple arm . C ) lunch the man eat " space food " while they work . CUT to : same scene - later a call come in . SARA ( v.o. ) ( drip with irony ) Dr. corvin , this be Mission director Sara Holland . intercut with : int . control booth - that moment a distress Sara hold a copy of people magazine with a pose photo of Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank on the cover , all wear they leather flight jacket with NASA cap . SARA I be have what my ex would call a salmon Day . frank a ' salmon Day ' ? SARA you know , when you feel like you have be swim uphill all day just to get screw in the end ? I be look at a copy of people magazine with a picture of you and the boy on the cover . you would not happen to know how this happen , would you ? Frank and Hawk laugh . 76 . frank let 's see . they call I up on Tuesday . I meet with they on Wednesday , I answer a few question , they take a few photograph -- SARA ( cut he off ) Frank , you have to clear this kind of stuff with I first . be you aware of the impact this be go to have ? frank I would have to think that when you put four old s.o.b. 's on the cover of a magazine , it 's gonna drop magazine sale pretty bad . the tech around Sara laugh . she just shake she head . int . set of " the tonight show " - day jay leno do he monologue . jay do you read this ? NASA be training four guy in they late sixty to go on the next shuttle mission . I be not kid . so far , NASA 's biggest fear be that this guy be gonna spend the entire launch do 50 in the leave hand lane . ( more ) jay ( cont 'd ) ( off light laughter ) brand new shuttle too . they have to make a few modification , though . like put phone book on the seat so the astronaut can see above the wheel ... behind jay , Frank , Hawk , Jerry and tank appear from behind the curtain , wear they leather flight jacket . the crowd applaud wildly . jay think it 's for he . jay everybody at NASA love this guy , they be very popular . okay , there have be a few complaint from the ground crew . apparently this guy keep put that ' my grandchild be a honor student ' bumper sticker on the back of the 77 . shuttle , and the ground crew have to keep scraping they off ... Frank egg on the crowd with a thumb down . the crowd start to heckle jay . Frank and tank lift up jay , " surprising " he , and they start to escort he off the stage . jay stick around . we have get Sandra bullock , Buck owen , and this guy ! " tonight show " set - later Frank , Hawk , tank and Jerry sit on the couch next to jay . jay forget all this right stuff crap -- let 's cut to the chase . I understand one of you be just a machine with the chick ... ( look at Hawk ) gotta be you , sir . Hawk shake he head , point to Jerry . jerry jay , it 's like I tell this clown , you can not just know what a woman need , you have to know what a woman want . int . sara' house - night watch it on tv , laugh hysterically . jay ( v.o. ) and you , sir . be it true that you be a Baptist Minister ? tank ( v.o. ) that 's right , my son . jay ( v.0o . ) and you name be tank ? a preacher name tank ? tank roll up he sleeve , show he new tattoo -- a cross with rocket exhaust come out , head for the star . the audience love it . Sara 's phone ring . she ignore it , let the machine answer . gerson leave a angry message . she turn the tv volume up to drow he out . CUT to : 78 . ext . over water over cape canaveral - day two NASA t-38 trainer jets scream by . Hawk and Roger practice more approach , each in he own jet , talk by radio . roger ( v.o. ) follow I , Colonel . we be go to come in at forty degree . this simulate the attitude of the ship on glide slope . hawk ( v.o. ) the Flying Brick ... roger ( v.o. ) that 's correct . hawk ( v.o. ) after you , rog. roger ( v.o. ) please do not call I ' rog . hawk ( v.o. ) Roger , ' rog . ' Roger , annoyed , take he jet in . Fighting it , he set the plane down for a bumpy landing ... then light the afterburner into another take - off roll , climb hard into the sky . hawk line he jet up , hum to himself . and just to make it interesting , do a snap Roll with the jet at 500 foot before take she in for a perfect touch & go . he light the afterburner and the jet scream skyward in a vertical climb . hawk ( v.o. ) something like that ? roger ( v.o. ) ( impressed ) yeah . something like that . hawk ( v.o. ) can I call you ' rog ' now ? roger ( v.o. ) yeah . you can call I ' rog ' now . CUT to : 79 . int . weightless environment training facility - day the neutral buoyancy Lab . a giant pool where the astro - naut train for weightless work . underwater Frank , Jerry , and tank in cumbersome space suit , do repair on a mock satellite . diver stand by alongside . ethan be at poolside , on headset , observe the procedure on the video screen look frustrated . frank the lead be connect here , across the relay . jerry you be a genius , Frank . Frank give the diver a thumb up . Frank , Jerry and tank be lift out of the water by crane . once out , tech help they remove they helmet . ethan walk over . ethan so the relay patch be the key ? frank plain as the nose on you face . ethan how do you by - pass the heat exchanger ? frank I do not by - pass anything . ethan you be not be very forthcoming on the working of the guidance system -- frank I have try everything short of calculus lesson to get you to understand this thing . what do you want I to do -- draw you a picture , connect the dot for you ? ethan Excuse I . I hold two Masters degree from m.i.t. , Dr. corvin . frank I would get my money back . 80 . jerry ethan , you have be train on a different set of technology . that 's all . ethan ( ignore Jerry , to Frank ) you be compromise this mission . I be you backup . I be on a need - to - know basis . frank you do not need - to - know shit . and I do not need a backup . ethan yes , you do . more than you know . frank ( stop , turn ) what be that suppose to mean ? ethan realize too late that he 's say too much . Frank look suspicious , paranoid , furious . frank what do not I know ? ( as ethan hold he tongue ) what do not I know ?! int . gerson' office - moment later gerson be in a tele - conference ( via video feed ) with a suited man appear on a laptop computer which sit on he desk . suite man ( v.o. ) let I spell it out for you , bob. p- R spell bud-get . Frank burst into the room , point a finger at gerson . frank you be set I up again ! gerson here 's one of we astronaut now . Frank , what a semi-pleasant surprise . frank you sonofabitch ! you have no intention of send I up . 81. gerson Frank , I be in the middle of something just now . Frank angrily slam gerson 's laptop shut , terminate the call . gerson smile smugly . gerson you just hang up on the head of we program , the vice President . so what can I do for you , Frank ? Frank quake with anger . red-faced , snort loudly . frank you have no intention of send I up , do you ?! you screw I over in ' 58 and you be screwing I over now -- ! gerson screw you over -- ? frank you lie to I again . how could I be so stupid as to make a deal with a chronic liar ?! gerson deal , Frank ? you blackmail I . I do not make any ' deal ' with you . but whatever you want to call it -- you lose . I do not have to send you up . Frank look confuse . gerson hand Frank a printout of a lab report . Frank look it over ; it make no sense to he . frank I do not know what this shit mean . gerson it mean someone do not pass he physical . one of you have cancer . Frank go white , tentatively turn the page over of the lab report , see in cruel , military typeface : " hawkins , william B . " Frank 's mouth go dry . gerson it 's he pancreas . and it 's inoperable . frank do he know ? 82. gerson Dr. caruther tell he this morning . Frank shake he head , get angry again . frank no . I do not trust you ! this be bullshit ! he tear up the lab report , throw the scrap on gerson 's desk . frank I want independent test do by independent doctor -- not one you bankroll to lie for you and print up bullshit lab result ! ( catch he breath ) this be low , even by you standard . just to keep I from go into space . gerson smile smugly . gerson oh , that 's what this drama be all about ? and this whole time I think it be Hawk , you friend . but it 's really you seat on the space shuttle , be not it ? you can rest easy , Frank . NASA be still send you , Jerry and tank up on the shuttle -- regardless of the ' deal ' you and I make . frank I do not understand . gerson you be front page news , Frank . a real american hero . you have make NASA popular all over again . thanks to you , they be gonna get that juicy budget infusion they have be drool over . oh , you be go , Frank . the vice President insist . gerson open up the laptop , prepare to reconnect . gerson now if you will excuse I , I have to call the head of we space program back and apologize for the interruption . like a zombie , Frank wander out of the office . 83. outside gerson' office - continuous action Frank wander down the corridor , lose in painful think . people greet he as they pass , but he do not hear they . ext . aircraft hangar - dusk across from the space center complex . one of NASA 's and the Air Force 's storage garage . High - performance aircraft be line up silently and eerily still , as though wait . next to sr - be Hawk , dress in civilian clothes . he walk the plane silently , deep in think . as he duck under the fuselage , he see -- SARA watch he walk the plane . the obvious do not need to be say . hawk this be my blackbird . I retire this very airplane in ' 90 . and here she be . SARA I have never actually see one before . Hawk smile like a proud parent show off he kid . hawk sr - 71 . this be what a plane 's suppose to be . she 's ugly on the ground , leak like a sieve . but up around mach one , she seal all expand , she dry up and lean into the wind and go like hell . I take she right to the edge . 128,000 foot . he run he hand along the plane 's skin , softly , reverently . hawk she 's only happy up there , goin ' fast . she 's not mean to be sit on the ground . that 's a lousy way to die . sitting around , wait ... 84 . ( pause ) eight month . that 's the best I can do , huh ? SARA they do not know that for sure . there 's chemo . Radiation . hawk ( shake he head ) I watch my wife go out that way . I be not take that road . she nod , make sense of the other evening . SARA ( softly ) the love of you life . hawk ( change the subject ) where the hell be the pancreas , anyway ? I do not even know what the damn thing do beside give you cancer . they share a weak laugh . hawk what odd would you have give we ? SARA better than forty . she smile coyly . he kiss she and they hug . frank approach tentatively from the other end of the hangar . he see Hawk and Sara break out of the hug and say a few word . Frank stop and wait respectfully . Sara walk away from Hawk , pass Frank . SARA hi , Frank . frank Sara . Frank approach Hawk , can not find the word . hawk I be sorry , Frank . I know how much this flight mean to you . look like I crash another one . I be sorry . 85 . Frank dread what he have to say next . frank they still want to send we up . I , Jerry and tank . Hawk think on this , smile slowly . hawk well , that 's great , Frank . you play this guy perfectly . ( off Frank 's worried look ) you say yes , right ? frank I do not say anything . hawk do not be a ass , Frank . do not blow it a second time -- this be you last shot ! frank this be not easy , Hawk ... hawk easy ? do not whine to I about easy . frank put yourself in my shoe -- hawk oh no you do not . you have blame I for daedalus for 40 damn year ! you be not lay this one on I ! you choke this one , it 's you . all you ! frank what would you do ? hawk I would leave you behind in a heartbeat ! Frank 's temper start to cook -- which be just what Hawk want . frank you would , would not you ? hawk to go into space ? Bet you ass , boy . in a heartbeat . Hawk turn on he heel and walk off . he stop and 86 . spin around . hawk you know what the worst day in my life be , Frank ? the day I meet you and you put the idea in my head that I could pilot a ship into space . he turn and walk off . Frank watch he go . dissolve to : ext . vehicle assembly build - night the mammoth hangar be the height of a thirty - story skyscraper , but we can not tell from this angle . Frank show he clearance badge to the security guard at the door . guard how can I help you , Colonel ? frank I just want to go inside and have a look . guard everyone 's leave for the night , tomorrow 's roll - out , you know . frank that 's okay , I want to be alone . guard yes , sir . ( open door ) by the way , I think you might find it funny : my daughter have a photo of you on she wall next to Leonardo dicaprio . frank and why would I find that funny ? Frank wink , pat the guy on the shoulder . and go -- int . vehicle assembly plant —- continuous action we stay tight on Frank as he walk across the expansive floor , look up at something . ( note : this be the biggest enclose space in the world , but we do not get the sense of that yet . ) Frank sit down on the floor , prop himself up against the wall . he stick a piece of bubble gum in he mouth , chew , blow a bubble as he look up at it ... 87 . dissolve to : frank — later in the same position , only sound asleep . a enormous motor whirs as daylight stream across Frank 's face . his eye squint open , and he look over at the light , come from -- mighty concrete door roll apart , let in a slit of light a foot wide and thirty storey high . the light hit -- space shuttle sit on its enormous roll - out platform . Ray of sunlight play on the brand new titanium skin and protective tile . she 's positively gleam in the morning sun , she fuel tank and solid rocket booster dwarf everything around it , include -- frank who stare up in awe at it . the ground crew stand by proudly , prepare for roll - out . a construction tech see Frank . construction tech Sir , be you here for roll - out ? frank no . he get up and stride out of the hangar , pass through the slowly - expand slit of the concrete door and onto the crawler - way as the one mph roll - out begin behind he . the ground crew look at he strangely . int . gerson' office - morning Sara talk with gerson . Frank enter the room . frank I be not go . not without Hawk . gerson you be blackmail I again , be not you ? 88 . frank no. I will teach ethan everything he need to know . but I do not go up without Hawk . Frank turn around and exit . gerson turn slowly to Sara . gerson next idea , miss Holland ? SARA you know , even with the cancer , Colonel hawkins pass all he physical . there 's really no reason he can not fly the mission . especially with a back -up . gerson Frank corvin be go to put I in the nut-house . Sara hold back she smile , run out of the room . int . johnson space CENTER - entry hall - moment later Frank walk to the front door . he know he 's do the right thing , but it have not bring he any joy . a security guard grab he arm . he push the man off , keep on walk . security Colonel corvin , miss Holland would like you to wait here . Frank stop , turn around . Sara exit a elevator , break into a wide grin . SARA team daedalus -- all of team daedalus -- have a launch in 92 hour . let 's get rest and prepped . CUT to : int . mission conference room - day three tech , Sara , and Davis in a huddle . very serious , look of dread and forebode . SARA this be a problem . somebody have to deal with it . 89 . tech # 1 do not look at I . I be not do it . tech # 2 I be not do it either . Sara look pleadingly to Davis . davis no way . I be not train for this . I be just the flight director . Sara wince . int . suit - up room - angle on frank , hawk , tank , and jerry - at that moment across the room , in they spacesuit , hold they helmet . a last minute helmet fitting . Sara enter , walk over . SARA Jerry , can I talk to you in private ? jerry sure thing , pretty lady . they walk over to a corner where they can have some privacy . jerry now how can I be of service ? Sara hesitates with dread , can not look he in the eye . SARA it 's you toupee , Jerry . you be go to have to remove it . jerry what toupee ? Sara stare at he blankly , do not know what to say next . he give she a coy wink . jerry but I will get a haircut if you like . steve miller 's " Space cowboy " thunder in as we ... CUT to : int . training entryway - next day 90 . female engineer swoon , whistling , give high - fives to !--! Jerry swagger down the hall in he blue NASA astronaut jumpsuit , zipper down to he chest , gold chain dangle , a stetson on he head . he do a disco twirl and remove he hat to reveal he shiny pate -- he have totally shave he head and pierce both ear . jerry come on girl , give it up for the space cowboy ! CUT to : int . ready room ( cape canaveral ) - night pre-dawn launch . team daedalus , Roger and ethan go through the final suit - up and preparation . quiet , thoughtful , nerve in evidence -- a pre-game , locker - room feel . CUT to : int . mission control ( houston ) the place be hum with activity . Engineers at they station , Sara flip through computer spreadsheet . Eugene Davis bark through the checklist procedure through he headset -- every answer come over the communicator be " go . " davis p.c , guidance , cape Flight , .s. , l.r.d ... ext . astronaut blockhouse - night the door open , team daedalus come out -- to the applause and cheer of -- SMALL crowd of people stand on the other side of a cordon . the crowd be a select one -- Frank 's wife Barbara , member of tank 's congregation , Jerry 's girl friend , Roger 's wife and kid , ethan 's mother . the astronaut walk to a cordon , about 15 foot from they love one and shout they goodby . ( note : the unintimate goodbye be necessary to keep the astronaut from get contaminate before board . ) gl . frank ( to Barbara ) why be you so nervous ? barbara ( what a stupid question ) why be I nervous . husband and wife stare at each other . Barbara look to Frank 's right , signal for Frank to look at -- hawk he stand there , silently watch everybody else bid farewell to they love one . the loner , he be the only one with no one to say goodbye to , but do not seem bother . barbara you bring that man back alive , Hawk . hawk it 's against my better judgement , barb , but if that 's you wish , I will honor it . they all laugh , say final goodby and board the NASA van . ext . launch pad - B - moment later the space shuttle , poise on the pad , glow in the beacon light , cloud of vapor snort out as she be fuel -- this ship be alive , wait for they . the van stop . the man exit and pause -- let they eye travel to the top . hawk hot-damn , Sam ... that 's a bird . tank point to the side of the shuttle . tank well I will be . printed on the side , the name of the new shuttle : " daedalus . " the man smile in disbelief . frank Nice touch . int . top of tower - white room —- continuous action 92 . quall , the launch safety officer , await -- give they pressure suit a final check . he 's as nervous and excited as they be , just not as skilled in hide it . quall General corvin , General hawkins , welcome to daedalus . frank we be only colonel , Mr. quall . quall I be just sayin ' it like it oughtta be . int . shuttle - continuous action the man be bring aboard the now-vertical ship , one by one . all business now , the tech and flight engineer strap they in , seal they helmet , and get they oxygen and communicator up and go . his job do , quall pause at the round hatch , he eye glisten , face beam with pride . quall you be good to go , man . see ya back on the ground , team daedalus . he slam the hatch shut . the man stare straight ahead , listen as the bolt slam into place and the airlock seal up . then a deafen silence . not on - line yet , they sit in a moment 's contemplation . look at one another , realize this be it . frank I do not know , maybe a prayer be in order . reverend ? tank I be just recite the shepherd 's prayer . ( beat ) Alan shepherd 's prayer . all smile -- even Roger -- and together recite Alan shepherd 's famous pre-launch prayer on he 1961 mercury flight . team daedalus oh Lord , please do not let I fuck up . overlap to : int . mission control - simultaneous action they hear . and laugh and applaud , a great tension 93 . breaker . davis very appropriate , reverend . dissolve to : ext . launch pad - B - pre -dawn ( t-minus one minute ) not a human be in sight . just space shuttle daedalus -- fuel tank fill with 4.5 million gallon of liquid hydrogen and oxygen , breathe steam , barely hold to the gantry . ready to go . as the voice of the launch control officer ( lc ) commence the final countdown ... series of shot a ) inside of cockpit be aglow with the instrument and screen . B ) hawk perform the final preparation and check . cc ) capcom continue he monotonous checklist of NASA three - letter acronym . D ) inside houston mission control Davis 's check be complete . he settles into the flight director 's chair , watch the big screen with daedalus on it . Sara put she print - out aside . lc t-minus 15 second . the room go still . this remain the most tense moment of any mission -- no one have forget Challenger around here . lc 10 ... ext . roof of cape headquarters - that moment the gallery of family , friend and official join in the countdown ... Silent , awestruck . int . shuttle —- that moment 94 . flash to each of the man of daedalus . face serious , anticipate . Hawk 's be more like a kid 's -- await he ride on Space Mountain . Frank 's show just a hint of anxiety ... lc ( v.0 . ) 9 , 8 , 7 ... ignition sequence begin . we have main engine start . angle from roof of cape headquarters - that moment the night sky be light up for mile as the engine roar to life . the shuttle shudder from the force , " twanging in " 40 inch towards its liquid hydrogen fuel tank . lc ( v.0 . ) 3 , 2 , 1 ... and lift off . lift off of space shuttle daedalus , and s.t.s.- 200 . and the mighty ship slowly , majestically rise , shaking off she tether . shuttle daedalus be on she way . int . mission control - that moment thunderous applause -- but all eye remain rivete to the screen as she clear the tower . SARA go get ‘em , guy . int . shuttle - that moment shove hard into they seat as they go from 0 to Mach 1 . Hawk war whoops with delight as the shuttle roll over in she invert flight attitude . frank Houston , this be daedalus . Roll program . capcom ( v.o. ) Roger roll , daedalus . jerry omigod ...!!! tank ( laugh under the G 's ) thank you , God . capcom ( v.o. ) daedalus , you be go at throttle up . 95 . frank Roger , go at throttle up . he fight the G 's to turn to look at Hawk -- who be just wait for the command . frank pull the trigger , Hawk . Hawk grin , and throw the throttle up . capcom ( v.o. ) stand by for separation of s.r.b .'s ... frank Roger , Houston . stand by ... 3 , 2 , lee a thunderous explosion ... ext . shuttle - that moment the solid rocket booster ignite , firing daedalus out of the stratosphere and into hyper - sonic speed . int . shuttle —- that moment frank s.r.b.s be go . capcom ( v.o. ) Roger , daedalus . you be negative return . frank Roger , Houston . negative return . ( to Hawk ) we be a dot . ext . pad - B - that moment darkness return . Space shuttle daedalus be now just a tiny pinpoint of light , high in the pre-dawn sky -- head east towards the rise sun . dissolve to : int . space shuttle daedalus - t-plus minute 17,100 mph , in Earth orbit . hawk 96 . Houston , this be daedalus . do we have a go for orbit ops ? capcom ( v.o. ) Roger , daedalus . you be go for orbit ops . good work , guy . they remove they helmet and watch they float away . Frank unbuckle and push off from he seat , follow by the other . they float about the cabin , weightless , tumble , goof like kid . except ethan : he 's all professionalism and seriousness . frank stare through the window on one side at the vivid blue and white earth beneath he , small , tangible . smiling , elate , he look over he shoulder at -- hawk stare through window on other side . Hawk look at the moon -- and it be huge and bright . Hawk look back at Frank . hawk it be worth the wait . frank yeah . it be . Hawk hold out he hand . after a beat , Frank grab it . hawk thanks , Frank . I owe you one . they reel each other in , the handshake become a meaningful hug between two old friend . Roger float up to Hawk . roger not a bad take - off , for a rookie . you be over now . ( off Hawk 's puzzle look ) over the edge . you be in space . welcome to the club . Big grin , big slap on the back . mid -deck —- later Jerry try to prepare himself a snack , fumble with the galley equipment . frustrate as he afternoon snack take flight in the weightless compartment . he attempt 97 . to retrieve it . ethan let 's get ready , everyone , we have a live global broadcast in two minute . CUT to : int . mission control - that moment Frank and the rest of the team can be see on a giant tv monitor . Eugene Davis , Sara , Barbara corvin and walter cronkite stand by . tech 2 ... he wave he finger down , a signal to cronkite . cronkite good morning , Colonel . when Frank speak , he lip be curl around he gum and he sound odd , like he have no tooth . frank ( v.0 . ) good morning , walter . cronkite well I guess the question on everyone 's mind be : how have age affect you ability to command this shuttle so far ? frank ( v.0 . ) as you and I know , walter , age be a very overrate factor in determine one 's capability ... as Frank talk , a pair of denture float by , between Frank and the video camera . he reach out and grab they . frank ( v.o. ) I have be look everywhere for this . a tense moment at Mission Control , until Frank uncurl he lip from he tooth and grin . whoop laughter from the entire room , include Sara , Eugene , and cronkite . Barbara , Frank 's wife , cover she face in embarrassment . barbara no . I do not just see that . 98 . int . shuttle - moment later Frank and the crew so long , the camera 's light himself in Frank 's stare into the video camera . frank & crew everyone . go from green to red . ethan put face , mighty piss . ethan what the hell be that ? frank ' that ' be a joke . ethan not funny . half the world be watch we , we represent the best America have to offer . why can not you act you age ? lighten frank up , peachfuzz . take a moment and enjoy yourself , you be in space . int . mission control ( houston ) in the far corner , gerson and General vostov huddle in conference . vostov be sweat nervously . gerson four hour to intercept . we be right on schedule . vostov that 's not what I be worried about . relax . they . gerson we man be up there with angle - flight director' console Eugene Davis monitor the situation . Sara , on headset , talk to the payload engineer on the floor . SARA okay , daedalus 's get ikon on the scope we should have a visual momentarily . 99 . davis stand by for terminal initiation burn . CUT to : int . space shuttle cockpit Hawk and Roger gingerly guide the shuttle towards a object on the radar screen . work mode now , the crew be get set to grab ikon . hawk Range 5,000 meter . tank and jerry in the crew cabin , operate the capture control . they stare at a tiny dot on the video guidance screen . tank sweat it . jerry Roger , Hawk . we have get a visual here . hawk stand by for a 15 second burn . frank let 's go ahead and deploy the arm . tank operate a joystick , focus intently on the screen . no smile and joke now . ext . shuttle - that moment the shuttle 's grapple arm unfold from the open cargo bay . int . shuttle - that moment tank deploy the arm . 2200 foot , dead center . good drive up there , Hawk . frank let 's light them up . Hawk crane he neck to see the satellite grow nearer . hawk stand by . t.i. burn in four , three , two , one ... 100 . he hit a glow switch . the shuttle 's orbital maneuver engine FIRE , slow they down on the line to satellite ikon . hawk hello , ikon . and how be we feel today ? roger activate secondary radar and flood . Roger flip two switch . ext . satellite ikon - that moment the shuttle hit ikon with a flood light . suddenly , like a origami flower unfold into a dragon , the satellite slowly transform into something very menace look . it morph and grow , module come out of module . the solar panel fold back like the ear of a attack dog . it slowly rotate to face the shuttle . int . shuttle —- that moment Frank stare through the bay window . his mouth drop open . frank dear God ... Roger hear something on the radar . roger Holy shit , this thing 's try to get tone on we ! ethan what be you talk about ? hawk it 's painting a target on we . it think we be a bogie . kill the radar . Roger flip off the radar . they wait nervously . ext . satellite ikon - that moment it complete its rotation , face the shuttle . we can see paint on the side of ikon the fade letter " c.c.c.p. " int . shuttle —- that moment 101 . a tense beat pass . they all stare through the cockpit window . roger we be okay . jerry no wonder the damn thing 's orbit be decaye . it 's gotta weigh 50 ton . frank Fire the retros , Hawk . ( into headset ) Houston , daedalus . do you see what we see ? capcom ( v.o. ) Roger , daedalus . we be study it from here . stand by for a decision . int . mission control - that moment Davis , in deep think , watch ikon on the screen along with everyone else in Mission Control . davis do that look like a communication satellite to you , Sara ? SARA ( turn to vostov ) General , what kind of modification have you people make here ? davis there 's just so much stress that grapple arm can take . vostov stumble . gerson it 's within operational limit . tell Frank he can latch on . int . space shuttle - payload capture BAY CUT to : Frank stare out at the cockpit window , mesmerize by ikon. 102 . frank that be the damnedest thing I ever see . jerry it must be fitte with some kind of self - defense mechanism . the radar must have activate it . frank can you grab it , tank ? tank yeah . I can reconfigure . I be just worried about the mass . frank I be worried the damn thing 's gonna get piss off again . jerry tank , you be gonna have to latch on without any radar assist . tank tank 's gonna have to do what ? frank I do not know about this . ethan the objective of this mission be the restoration of this satellite . let 's get on with it . frank I be not get my crew kill -- and that include you . ( into communicator ) Houston , daedalus . we be still stand by . capcom ( v.o. ) daedalus , this be Houston . you have a go for capture . frank Roger , Houston . we copy . okay , guy , let 's grab it and have a look . ext . shuttle - that moment Hawk have maneuver the shuttle to within 10 foot -- the grapple arm extend . 103 . int . shuttle cockpit - that moment Roger turn to Hawk . roger be he as good as you say he be ? hawk tank ? he 's da man . tank be in the Zone . he move the arm with robotic precision . ethan drifting leave , tank ! that 's too far ! tank hail Mary , full of grace , holy shit ! I get it ! ext . satellite - that moment the grapple arm contact the satellite , and lock on . hawk you da man , tank . tank I da man . High fives all around . even ethan be impressed . int . airlock - later Frank , ethan and Jerry do a final hook - up in they space suit and mmus ( manned maneuver unit ) . Roger look they all over , nod he approval . roger man , you boy look sharp . he exit the airlock . the seal on the door hiss as it open and they float into -- ext . space —- continuous action davis ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) welcome to space , Frank . you have wait a while for this . frank only forty year . 104 . they rip around like George jetson . int . mission control - that moment everyone watch Frank jet around the satellite in he mmu , laugh . frank this feel kinda like that ' 43 buick you use to drive , gene . a little slow around the curve , brake do not work for shit . jerry all right , cowboy , let 's herd them up . we do have a job here , you know . and they approach Satellite ikon . Jerry latch he mmu to the side of the satellite next to the panel . ethan hover nearby . ext . ikon - later Frank and ethan float inside a long , narrow cylindrical compartment inside the satellite ; they be deep into the repair . several control panel plate float freely , the circuit patch board expose . Frank throw a switch inside a control panel . pinpoint light fade on inside the compartment . frank okay , we have get power now . let 's have a look at the brain . Frank go to open a new access panel with he cordless drill . ethan Frank . I do not think that 's the panel . ethan be below Frank , could not get to Frank 's access panel in the cramped quarter if he want to . int . mission control - that moment gerson and vostov watch the going - on anxiously . ext . ikon - that moment with the cordless drill Frank unscrew the last sheet metal screw , remove a access panel . in the shadow of the compartment , Frank see a long cylindrical object . he aim a penlight at it . its tip be bullet - shape , the tail disappear into darkness . frank abort activity . jerry what be it , Frank ? ethan Frank , listen to I -- frank I say , abort activity ! CUT to : int . shuttle AIR - lock - moment later in decompression . they remove they helmet . Frank be confuse , and furious . frank ethan , what the hell be go on here ? what be this damn thing ? ethan a Russian Communications satellite , Colonel . frank bullshit ! you think I do not know a nuclear launch platform when I see it ?! why the hell be we help the Russians put a missile silo back into orbit ? ethan you be some kind of genius , you figure it out . Frank shove ethan in the chest hard . he fly backwards into the bulkhead . ethan you be only here as a publicity stunt . you get what you want , you be in space . now finish the mission ! Frank look dupe and unhappy about it . CUT to : int . mission control - later 105 . 106 . Davis , Sara , gerson and vostov look up at Frank on the video screen . davis okay , Frank . this be a secure line . frank ( v.0 . ) you have good reason not to want this bird to fall , gene . it have six armed nuclear warhead onboard . Davis turn to gerson , incredulous . davis what 's he talk about ? gerson look as incredulous as everyone else . gerson I have no idea . ( to vostov ) General , be there something you would like to tell we ? at first vostov look betrayed , then face Sara and Davis . vostov ikon be a relic from the cold war . it have float dead in space ever since the Soviet Union fall . there be six missile onboard target at strategic american installation . all , most regretably , in large metropolitan area . if ikon go off - line it will assume that there have be a catastrophe and will initiate launch on its own . the silence be deafen . SARA you pick a helluva time for a confession , General . gerson ( indignant ) that be we man up there . this be a treaty violation . a big one . vostov ( under he breath ) you bastard . 107 . frank ( v.0 . ) you know , it 's really touch , Bob -- you concern for we safety and all . while you be at it , maybe you could ask the General how my guidance system for SkyLab end up on this six - gun . gerson squirm . vostov it be steal by the kgb from Mr. gerson 's personal file . Sara and Davis look at gerson , shocked . gerson act aghast . gerson this be all new to I . frank ( v.0 . ) you would hook we on to this bastard , put it back into orbit fully armed , and keep it a secret just to save you own ass ? davis people , we have a real problem to deal with . we do not have time for this now . int . shuttle - that moment Frank look morose . Hawk kill the transmit switch . hawk huddle . we get a big -ass problem . we be lock into a 20 - megaton hydrogen bomb go 17,000 mile a hour . frank Jerry , how high can we send this shitheap ? can we get it into deep space ? jerry with three payload assist rocket ? just . maybe . I do not know . the " airlock OPEN " light blink , accompany by a buzzer . frank what the hell 's that ? Hawk float to the side window , see ethan , in the mmu , float towards the satellite , towing the payload assist 108 . module ( three four-foot- long rocket strapped to a aluminum pallet ) with a tether . Frank furiously shout into the communicator . frank ethan , what be you do ?! ethan ( v.o. ) you job , Frank . I be put ikon back into geo-sync orbit . frank you do not know what you be do , ethan ! get back here ! ( on no response ) ethan -- !? ext . ikon - that moment ethan , propelling himself towards ikon , flick off he radio , cut off Frank . he reach ikon , latching he mmu to the side of the satellite . int . shuttle - that moment Frank go to the airlock door . jerry Frank , he jamme the airlock door . frank open the panel and override it ! ext . ikon - that moment ethan unbuckle the rocket and remove one . the other two float freely next to he in space . he start lock the rocket in place on a circuite bracket on the belly of the satellite . int . shuttle - that moment Frank talk into the communicator . frank ethan ! do not lock - on the p.a.m. rocket , do you read I !? ( urgent , to Jerry ) how long ? jerry I almost have it , Frank . 109 . ext . ikon - that moment ethan lock the first p.a.m. rocket in place . as he clamp it down , it suddenly fire a short powerful burst -- the satellite lurch on the shuttle 's arm , twist it , head right towards the shuttle . int . shuttle —- that moment the satellite crash into the bulkhead with a enormous boom ! the brace and shelving collapse under the weight and on top of Roger . he be slam to the floor , head bleed badly . pandemonium . pressure leak start , oxygen escape , a fire in the aft crew compartment . team daedalus react , all they action drill , they attack the situation swiftly . tank Roger 's hurt mid-deck ! bleed bad ! frank he 's yours , tank ! jerry we get a fire in here ! hawk come in ! as he float by the window hatch , fight the smoke , he glance outside -- and freeze in horror : hawk oh shit !!! ( shouting ) we lose ikon and ethan ! satellite ikon have bounce off the shuttle and be fall towards Earth . it be take the shuttle 's break retractor arm and ethan , in mmu , with it . it move at what look to be about 2 mph . it jetison six panel in unison , leave debris in its wake . ethan ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) help I !! Hawk fly over to Frank , suck on a oxygen regulator . 110 . frank ( as Hawk nod ) tank ! contain the situation ! Hawk and I be go out . Frank and Hawk reach the airlock door . Jerry work frantically on the door 's control panel . frank hurry up ! we be lose they ! the airlock door open . Hawk and Frank hurry in . int . mission control - that moment pandemonium here , too . Engineers return to they station . Sara watch in horror as the satellite drift away from daedalus . engineer Range 200 meter . it 's accelerate , miss Holland . SARA they be gonna lose it . int . airlock - that moment Hawk and Frank finish they suit-up . they fall back into the mmus and strap they on . Hawk hyperventilate the pure oxygen , try to replace the nitrogen in he blood with pure 02 . frank how long till ikon go off-line ? jerry that missile be heating up right now . you get five minute , but by that time it will be out of you range . hawk anything else you want to know ? frank blow the seal ! the airlock seal blows . Hawk and Frank jet out -- into space firing they mmus ' nitrogen jets towards the flee satellite , side - by-side . ikon be about two hundred foot 111 . away . frank latch -on starboard . on my signal , fire all jet . they split up . Frank latch he mmu on to one side of the satellite . Hawk latch on to the other . frank Fire ! the jets on the two mmu 's FIRE in unison , nitrogen vapor spraying out . this be a tough battle , but they be win , gradually slow the satellite 's fall . Hawk glance at a readout on the mmu : " nitrogen fuel at ten percent . " hawk I be at ten percent , Frank . frank do not let it get past five or we be not get back to the ship . they both release they finger from the jet triggers . they look up towards the shuttle for a reference . they have stop the satellite . hawk she 's static . frank Houston , we have arrest the fall . int . mission control - that moment a collective exhale , a collective cheer . davis attaboy , Frank . ext . ikon - that moment Frank hover over ethan , still in he mmu , pin in by the damage grapple arm . Frank release the arm , push it away and peer inside ethan 's face - plate , see movement . frank he 's out . hawk throw I the other payload assist module . i'1l hook they up while 112 . you bring johnny quest back to the ship . Frank look at the empty pallet ... then into space , see the two pam rocket float away , irretrievable . frank we get a problem . we only have one rocket . jerry ( v.0 . ) one p.a.m. 's not gonna get this thing into orbit , Frank ! without active course correction the damn thing ' 1l go in a circle like a boat with one oar in the water ! Hawk look at the satellite , see that two of the solar panel be crumpled like tin foil . hawk ( to Frank ) you get another problem . Frank look over , see the break panel . frank shit . even if we do get she up , she can not power herself with two break panel . Frank look down at Earth , sigh , flustered , defeat . hawk bring the kid back . let I take care of this . frank and how exactly be you gonna take care of this , professor ? you be a pilot . Hawk propel over to a panel on the satellite , pop it open . hawk stand back ! blow solar panel ! frank Hawk , what be you -- ?! he 's interrupt by a muffled explosion as the giant solar panel blow off . Frank stare at Hawk , dumbfounded , but he know what Hawk 's get plan . hawk throw I you auxiliary 02 module . 113. Frank will not . can not . frank no . hawk I love you , Frank , but why do you always have to be such a killjoy ? ( beat ) you only get one rocket . this damn thing be not gonna steer itself . you need a pilot . ( as he tilt he head at the moon ) besides , you ever see a prettier moon ? Frank look at the moon . jerry ( v.0 . ) what 's he talk about , Frank ? they ignore Jerry . frank we be a quarter- million mile away . you will never make it . hawk sure I will . it will be just like hit a baseball to the moon . all I gotta do be get myself halfway there , the moon 's gravity 's gonna do the rest . I will fire this thing into deep space and let ‘em self - destruct . Frank think long and hard . finally , he detach he auxiliary 02 tank , toss it to Hawk . he rip off ethan 's , too , toss it over . Hawk clip they onto he mmu . hawk somebody 's gotta be first in every race . guess it have to be I this time . frank like always , dammit . Frank pull ethan out of he mmu . int . mission control - moment later all rapt by the sight on screen -- Hawk set the payload assist module , talk to tank. 114 . tank pitch should be set at 060 degree . hawk ( v.o. ) Roger , 060 . int . crew cabin - that moment the airlock door open . Frank float into the cabin from the airlock , hold ethan . Jerry be in Frank 's face immediately . jerry you can not let he do this . there 's gotta be another way ! frank there be not . I will explain later . ( beat ) what 's we status here ? jerry ( shocked at Frank ) the orbital maneuver engine be destroy in the fire . Computer guidance be go , and we lose a few heat tile . frank how 's Roger ? jerry concussion . ( hesitates ) he 's out of action , Frank . you be gonna have to pilot this bird in . Frank swallow hard . he look over at tank . tank do not look at I . I have not fly anything bigger than a cessna in thirty year . they hear Hawk 's rich laughter over the radio . ext . shuttle - hawk climb into ethan 's vacant mmu , strap in , still laugh . the moon hang overhead , feel so close you could reach out and grab it . hawk ( laugh ) hey , Frank , it 's start to look 115 . like I get the better end of this deal . frank ( v.0 . ) quit laugh , you dummy . you be use up oxygen . hawk alright . let 's shoot this baby to the moon ! int . shuttle - on frank he flick up a safety guard on a control panel and hover he finger over a trigger . a poignant , sardonic grin overcome he . frank I be gonna countdown to one . frank and hawk ( v.o. ) one ! Frank hit the button . a bright light -- the p.a.m. ignite . the satellite begin to quake , then streak away . ext . space Hawk 's head arc back as he and the satellite accelerate to the moon , which be loom large ahead . Hawk 's war whoop can barely be hear over the roar of the engine . he make course correction with pulse from the nitrogen jet . on space shuttle - that moment pin-drop silence . Frank watch through the window . Hawk get smaller , head right for the moon . the pam burn out ( normal ) . quiet .... then -- hawk ( v.o. ) ( sing , over radio ) fly I to the moon and let I play among the star ... static crackle as he voice transmission get weaker . dissolve to : int . mission control - am Sara watch the trajectory screen at the front of the room . drain -- exhaust mentally and physically . the 116 . situation be serious . Davis come out of a huddle with flight controller , and motion Sara to join he at a unoccupy station . davis ikon have leave we gravitational field . Hawk be able to launch the missile into deep space . she nod slowly , a tear swell up in she eye . SARA how 's daedalus ? davis she 's a damage ship . they be gonna have to reenter the atmosphere , find the correct glide slope , and put she down with no power and no computer . SARA that 's impossible . davis well , it 's never be do . the only two pilot alive that could even think about it be Roger and Hawk . Roger 's wounded and Hawk 's ... Sara shut down emotion and be all business now . SARA let 's get they in as close as we can and abort the landing . they ' 1l have to bail out . what 's the survival probability ? davis twenty percent . at best . but it 's zero if they try to set she down . the ship 's dead . she might not even glide with the structural damage . SARA twenty 's better than zero . she place she headset back on , go back to work . CUT to : int . space shuttle daedalus - later the man go about preparation for reentry in silence . full pressure suit , attach to they parachute . Frank 117 . ease the injure Roger into he , tank help ethan . both be helpless , look like child be dress by a parent . tank and Jerry retract the drag chute arm that will deploy under the shuttle 's wing to release they when they jump . int . shuttle - cockpit Frank sit at the control , warning light blink everywhere , read a thick operation manual . tank make he way up . tank you all right ? Frank nod . tank look compassionate . tank you gonna be able to do this ? frank I do not know . I never imagine have to without Hawk . he exhales a big sigh . tank reach into he pocket , pull out ... hula girl from the dash of he B - 50 in 1958 . he stick it on the instrument display panel , and she start to dance . Frank look at tank like he 's crazy . frank you save that thing ? capcom ( v.o. ) daedalus . stand by for Eugene Davis . davis ( v.o. ) Frank , the judgement here be to go for California . we be gonna get you as close as we can to Edwards . now you be still invert . and you be fly tail first . ordinarily , we would do a de-orbit burn to right she -- frank -- but we do not have a engine to do that with . 118 . davis ( v.0 . ) you be gonna have to jostle she a little -- bring she around with you speed and a little gravity . go easy , though . you be still at 17,000 mile per hour . Frank ease the stick over and around . she 's not very responsive . he give it a pull , and the ship snap -roll , and begin shaking violently . frank whoaaaa , shit ! davis ( v.o. ) easy , Frank . she 's not a fighter jet . Frank tap on the rudder pedal and pull hard on the stick until the horizon change . Earth be below he now , instead of over he head . he let out the breath he 's be hold . frank okay , we be righted . int . mission control not a small amount of shock on the face . Davis let out the breath he be hold . davis that 's a good start . intercut with Frank . Frank look at the altimeter -- 400,000 foot . frank Houston , we be at entry interface . davis Roger , Frank . you be gonna punch in here in 15 second . I be gonna lose you till you hit the stratosphere . Frank , you have shed some tile . she 's gonna heat up on you . frank Roger , Houston . davis 10 second . Frank , you have get the procedure . it 's not optimum , but I want all you guy home . 119 . understood ? frank we copy . daedalus out . davis good luck , Frank . ( to engineer ) okay , folk . here we go . int . shuttle - that moment Frank grab the stick , glance over at tank . frank you wanna pray now , rev? tank what the hell you think I have be do ? tank see the worry and concentration in Frank 's face and smile . tank what would Hawk do ? Frank shake he head . he 's not Hawk . the shuttle begin to bounce , enter we atmosphere . and heat up . with no orbital maneuver engine , they be come in more than 50 percent faster than they should . and the ride be about 100 percent more bumpy . Frank talk into he communicator . his voice shaking from the turbulence ... at the very least . frank it 's gonna be a very steep dive so we do not overshoot . I be gonna have to pull a couple very tight turn to slow she down -- last one at 13,000 . at ten , we will be over California . I want everybody up and clipped then . I be blow the hatch at 5,000 and out we go . ethan and Roger first , make sure they clear the wing . everybody get that ? they all affirm . and Frank push the nose over into a steep dive . daedalus groans in response . her airframe be not design for this . ext . shuttle - that moment tile flake away , she 's heating up to 2,000 degree . 120 . int . shuttle —- that moment agony in the face . the ship bounce wildly , anything not lock down in steel fly about the cabin . the hula girl dance madly . frank come on , baby . hold it together . Frank 's knuckle be white , hold the stick , jam the unresponsive rudder . first turn , over Japan , 50 mile up . she 's heating up to 2500 now . and they be feel it inside , the man sweat like crazy . the airframe be screeching in protest . roger that 's too steep , Frank ! gonna fall apart on you ! she 's int . mission control - that moment they track the ship , unable to communicate . trajectory engineer altitude 30 mile , over guam . ext . shuttle - that moment the skin 's over 3000 now , the leave wing shaking its rivet . int . shuttle —- that moment it 's a oven . Frank have to wipe the sweat away from he eye to see . he try to level off , but she will not respond . he fight , and curse it . nothing . he stop , think , what would Hawk do ? «+ . then throw the stick over -- a major , and unnatural bank . then bank it right back across , zig - zag to slow it down . ethan scream in protest , at the same pitch as the bending metal . but Roger nod . this will work . Frank pull one last time , and they bank into they turn , head south , over Hawaii . frank that 's it , baby . one more turn . come on , line I up . line I up ... Frank battle with the stick like the Old man and the Sea fight the great Fish . his face show a warrior 's 121 . calm . the ship level off at 10 mile , shaking and rattling like a ' 55 chevy on a dirt road , and turn for home . and Frank 's agonize grimace ease . int . mission control - that moment burst of static . capcom he 's try to call , sir . davis he 's fry he antenna . trajectory , where be he ? trajectory he 's on final . but he be way too hot . he 's gonna overshoot to Colorado at this rate . int . shuttle - that moment the moment of calm be go . tank 35,000 . we be go way too fast . look ahead , cloud and marine layer at the California coast . tank we can not bail out at Mach 2 , Frank . frank I be glide at 22 degree . we can slow down some , but the most we can hope for be Mach 1 . that , or we go in 1,000 mile past . tank you call . the decision . the shuttle feel like it could break up at any moment . the cloud cover loom ahead as they drop rapidly . tank come up on 10 . frank everybody up ! hook on ! he begin to weave the shuttle in long back and forth 122 . turn -- try to slow she down . mission control - that moment horror on the face . davis no , Frank , no ... shuttle - that moment 7,000 foot . in the cloud . Mach 1. frank stand by . okay , tank. clip on . tank what about you ? frank I just need a visual so I can line she up on death Valley , and I be out . blow the hatch ! he throw a switch , the explosive bolt blow , and the 600 mph wind howl through daedalus . in crew cabin Jerry muscle the drag chute arm into place , and clip Roger in . jerry you ready ? roger yeah . Jerry lift he up , and shove he out on the arm , keep he clear of the wobble wing . jerry one go ! Jerry shove ethan forward , smile as he let he fly . jerry two go ! and the cloud dissolve beneath they . look back , they can see two chute open , float gently down . frank get out now ! 123. look ahead , Frank can see they be too high for Edwards , too low to overshoot a desert oasis community of tract home in the distance . the shuttle be on the line to crash right into it . Frank 's decision be instantaneous . he 's stay with it . he turn around to see Jerry and tank , pause at the hatchway . frank what the hell be you wait for ? they unclip simultaneously . jerry we be a team , Frank . frank go , dammit ! that 's a order ! tank we be stay . Frank throw the stick over , plunging they down . whatever momentum he lose , he 's get it all back now . a normal 22 degree descent be now 50 . they be head in like a missile . frank airspeed ? tank 500 ! pull it up ! Frank hold the dive , see -- two fighter escort on either side . fighter ( v.o. ) daedalus , this be recover five . you be way too hot . recommend abort -- abort now ! Frank level it off . frank negative , recover . I be take she in . tank 410 . here come the runway . frank no problem ... 124 . just like Hawk in the simulator , he hum to himself , totally in he element , a look of peace overcome he . frank «+. you just gotta tap the brake . int . AIR force F - - that moment the pilot watch in disbelief as the shuttle 's nose pitch up . pilot shit , he 's lose it ! mayday , mayday !! int . shuttle —- that moment the stall alarm be wailing . the leave wing be about to go . frank call my airspeed . tank 350 , 310 , 280 -- she 's stalling , Frank ! you be gonna go over ! Drop the nose ! frank speed ! ? tank 215 ! Drop the nose ! frank whattaya say we drop the nose ? 10 , 5 , 2 , 1 ... touchdown . she 's wobbly , bounce , lean hard right with the damage leave wing . Frank stamp on the brake as the drag chute open -- and she level off , a landing almost identical to Hawk 's in the simulator . int . mission control ( houston ) watch the shuttle roll gently to a stop at the far end of the runway . Barbara watch nervously . frank ( v.o. ) wheel stop . daedalus be home . they rise as one , cheer wildly . Barbara burst out cry . Sara grab the woman and hold she tight . Davis sigh . 125 . davis I be get too old for this shit . on gerson he hesitates for a moment , then force a smile and clap he hand disingenuously . back to scene the media rush back into the room . Davis make he way through the room shaking hand . he see Sara stare at the screen , cry . he head for she . Sara put a arm on he shoulder . SARA gene ? davis yeah ? SARA never mind ... ( as Davis look back at the screen ) you think it 's too late for I to re-join the program ... as a astronaut ? davis ( modd at the big screen ) that oughtta answer you question . she smile . something catch Davis 's eye , he turn to see gerson talk to a news crew . gerson I never doubted Frank for a minute . I bring Frank on to Project daedalus forty year ago , and I bring he in for this mission , and I can tell you this ... ext . desert - mile behind a navy ch - 54 rescue helicopter ease down . two rescue personnel bound out to assist ethan and Roger -- shake , but stand . int . shuttle —- that moment 126 . Frank turn to look at Jerry and tank . jerry just a walk in the park , Frank . frank slump back , close he eye . open he eye slowly , he see the only thing move in the shuttle -- franks Pov - hula girl her crazy jig slowly come to a end . dissolve to : angle on full moon - night the sound of cricket in the night . ext . franks house ( yountville , CA ) - night Frank stare at the moon , deep in think . he do not notice Barbara join he at he side . barbara you think he make it ? Frank slowly break into a pensive grin as " fly I to the moon " fade slowly up . frank yeah . I think he make it . his eye travel back to the moon . ext . moon - sea of tranquility - that moment we be moving in toward the moon , slowly , the shadow contour of the sand dune and crater get sharper . sinatra's voice kick in . something pass we -- satellite ikon and as it pass , we see Hawk still attach to it in he mmu . the satellite gently hit the edge of a sand dune , the soft surface cushion the impact . the satellite bounce once , throw -- hawk out of the mmu . 127 . satellite spin , topple over and land back on the moon . hawk arc and tumble through the air until the moon 's gravity gently pull he back down , on to the deep , pillow - soft moon dust , where he bounce once , then lay motionless . tight on hawk' faceplate the Earth be reflect , and we can not see he face , can not tell whether he 's alive or dead . then , in voice over we hear hawk' joyous laughter . wider - hawk lying there , flat on he back . there be a deep impression around he in the lunar dust where he fall , especially around he arm and leg . maybe it be the fall . or maybe , like a kid at Winter 's first snow fall , he be make angel in the virgin snow . fade out . the end