spanglish by James L. brook shoot draft fade in : 1 int . bedroom - medium close - male form - late afternoon 1 a shape fill the lower portion of the screen . it be a man 's back ..... a perfect back ... good dark color , slim , muscular . latin music plays ... a song .... if you understand the word you would hear love confront and consider in a very specific way ... we be in a Mexico City suburb . the day be hot ; small bead of sweat be see on the man 's back , the first indication that we be in slow motion .. perfect red fingernails come into view ... and now a woman 's hand go beautifully to work ... part sensual back scratch , part massage . the hand cup bit of the man 's back , a strong thumb probe he spine , a long finger tease the very top of he ass in a cute finger - pirouette and then continue down -- and , as the hand rise once more to the top of he back for another trip down he upper body ... MAIN title begin : full title , minute after minute of title with some key dissolves help we to represent some 30 minute of time passage as the hand continue to scratch and rub , the man make sound of pleasure . the hand be get tired . flirtatious no more , this be get to be work ... the unseen woman shake the hand vigorously , the man say a single sound urging she to continue , the exhaust hand comply , then stop , then the unseen woman change hand as title continue ..... the new hand , wear a wedding ring , go to work then it too stop to rest .. the man say something in Spanish ... important for we because it will establish that there will be no subtitles and yet we understand perfectly that he be ask she to continue . she reply in Spanish lightheartedly , with a small and pretty laugh , that she hand be tired . we understand . the man tell she to continue . she continue , the rub now desultory and resentful . she stop for another rest . the man want more and grab forcibly at she hand -- he own hand come into view for the first time . she say , in Spanish , with no particular anger , " you say you would never push I around again . if you do , I will somehow break you arm so you can rub you own back as high as you want . " ( note : all Spanish dialogue will be work hard to provide something extra for the Spanish speak .. work in tidbit or extra exposition , joke etc . ) for now , the man 's tone change , placate she to continue . even as she resume the massage they begin to have a domestic argument in Spanish . this be no longer a massage we envy . this back rub , go as it do from sex and hope to discord and alienation , will be we only full direct knowledge of they marriage . 2 int . / ext . bedroom / dusty road - other angle 2 show we the room and beyond , through the window , a school bus stop at the corner on a dusty road . we now see the full figure of the woman 's back as she look up with excitement and stop rub with the word , 2 . " cristina . " when the man protest she stop she indicate they should both run and meet they daughter . he wave she off . stun by he disinterest , she run from the room ..... 3 ext . dusty road - the bus 3 as cristina , six year old and adorable , wait patiently to step down . she see she mother and grin and wave excitedly , digging into she little pack to pull out a English book which she display with pride . now she step down from the bus and , as she walk toward camera , narration begin . the voice be of a girl eleven year older than the child we see . narrator to Princeton University 's director of admission : in consider I for a scholarship you have ask for , and have every reason to expect , a essay from I about myself . and , as a clever high school graduate , I of course realize the subtext of this essay about who I be and why I want to enter Princeton , be actually to make clear to you why you should have I . I have get tip , from friend who have precede I to college , that be a latina , with my grade , list of activity and relative poverty , I be as good as in if I simply do the dance and work in a word like " bipolarization " every so often . and while I love dance -- this dance of self be one I be afraid to master . ( young girl look off and light up ) I prefer to write about my mother . 4 int . / ext . house - school girl be Pov - mom 4 a drop-dead gorgeous Latin woman in she early 20' . as mother and daughter move inside , a car pull up with a ominous man get out . he nod in another direction call we attention to a police car park off the street . the woman do not notice - instead shepherd the child to she father . the woman make a big fuss over the text book the child have .. this be one supportive mom .. again she be disbely that she husband show no interest , especially when the child seem briefly hurt . the woman 's husband look from the window and see the ominous man come . the woman now do everything humanly possible to distract the child so she do not see what be transpire . narrator for my mother , that afternoon eleven year ago be a watersh not because of my father 's ( more ) 3. narrator ( cont would ) imprisonment but because it be my first day at school .... 5 int . kitchen / husband be room - late afternoon 5 this room be directly across from the husband 's room . the woman look up to see she husband open the suitcase to show the man a huge store of mont blanc pen and high - end watch . the man give she husband some money .. all the time the woman be chatter to distract the girl . look off -- the woman grow wide - eye as she see she husband count some money . the undercover cop begin shouting order . the woman raise she voice to cover the argument in the next room which puzzle she daughter . narrator there be never any pretense that the gorgeous , vital , clever , temperamental animal that be my mother ever for a heartbeat consider have any life of she own . she ignore all she need and be alive only for I . it be terrific . ( a long beat ) at the time . on mom . as she watch she daughter chew a cookie . her daughter begin to tell about she day , she young mother take on a glow we have not yet see . and all the while she eye the action in the next room . her husband make a break for the window . the other man point a gun at the ceiling prepare to fire a warning shot . the woman move ever so quickly to a shelf of she favorite dish , all the while talk to she daughter , make much over the kid 's new school book . it be a impressive charade . full shot - taking in both room . and just as the cop shoot at the ceiling , in perfect timing , she upset the dish , the result noise cover the shot .. the woman ask she daughter what she learn today .. the daughter say she be teach a little English . mother be impressed as she watch the cop move she husband toward the front door where other police await . her daughter start to follow she gaze and she distract she .. brandish the Spanish / English book and ask she to say something . 6 int . / ext . kitchen - on girl . 6 stand proudly , smoothing she skirt . close up girl . 4. as she clear she throat and say directly into camera . girl hi . the girl and woman be enormously excited over this word even though , outside , she life 's mate be be load into the back of a police car . ( note : mexican police do not duck the perpetrator 's head when loading they in the back seat .. they just allow the concussion . ) it seem the mother will save she child the trauma of she father be carte off ; but the police turn on they siren and the girl turn to see she father as the car pull away . the child be stricken . a tear start to form in she eye . her mother act quickly . we be about to see powerful emotion reverse by sheer force of will .. the mother lean down , give three quick kiss - power peck - to the girl 's cheek and then a admonition in Spanish . mother una l치grima ... sola una sola ... haz la mejor possible . narrator " one tear .. only one ... so make it a good one . " this be my mother 's instruction to I . on child . baffle by the edict .. on mother . holding up one finger . that 's it .. one tear .. she mean it . on child .. as she comply .. one great tear form and fall .. her mother 's thumb wipe it away .. but now she eye well with more tear ..her mother gesture she must have strength and resolve .. and so she do ..a toss of she pretty little head ... the eye clear . 7 int . mother' bedroom - night 7 as the mother , lie in bed with she daughter lose she own fight with tear .. manage with difficulty to keep she convulsive sob silent since she daughter and she be intertwined like pretzel . dissolve to : 8 int . girl be room - day 8 the girl work on she lesson plan .. she be a study in beauty . her mother 's daughter . across the small hallway she mother greet and deal with friend and family in a : 5 . 9 series of shot 9 as the girl work ..her dress change as the day change while different visitor listen hard to she mother across the hall . narrator my mother deal with we considerable problem of survival by talk .. always she discover she own best thought by sifting through she own word . the mother stop talk in mid-sentence , realize she have just solve something and make a note . 10 int . mother' bedroom - the two of they in bed - night 10 narrator each night my mother promise I a wonderful life .. each night I look for a new expressive way to tell my mother how much I love she . the child be ardent .. clutching at she heart ... kissing she mother .. holding she mother 's face , talk directly into she eye . the mother , enormously pleased , be nonetheless throw by the extreme of it . narrator ( cont 'd ) I just play and do my lesson and every time I look up my mother be in the process of save we . 11 int . / ext . montage - various shot 11 her mother sell keepsake ..count money .. Friends and relative bring food , clothing - toy . narrator desperation in she hand be we weapon . on mother .. we see she totally intimidating a priest . narrator ( cont 'd ) with this weapon she have she marriage annull - usually impossible for the poor - and somehow convinced a associate of my father 's to transport two mexican North in style . 6 . 12 int . SMALL airplane - magic hour 12 the mother and daughter seating themselves . the mother be enormously nervous with the prospect of flight . she sit , the daughter ignore a empty seat and go on she lap , mother hugging daughter , daughter hugging the hug . american pilot ( to girl ) how you do ? girl ( accented English ) hi. how be you ? I be fine .. ( she check she book of English synonym ) .. happy , merry , joyful , glad , content , frisky . as they taxi . american pilot ( to mother ) be you she mother , sister .. what ? the mother say , " solo espa침ol " - -- " only Spanish . " the daughter start to chatter excitedly about the imminent flight . her mother quiet she firmly in order to pray for they safety .. as the plane continue to taxi ... we hear the mother 's prayer in Spanish . she then nudge she daughter .. who , with this gentlest of prod , repeat the same prayer . 13 ext . aerial shot .. 13 the plane crossing the Rio Grande . narrator my mother 's prayer for we , which she make I repeat exactly , represent a stun look into we future . " please God , let only the bad thing change . " 14 int . SMALL plane - close on the two female .. 14 use this image if ever you want to strike a coin depict the moment of no return . the child aglow with happy anticipation .. the adult brave and enormously anxious . other angle . the pilot take with the mother 's look . american pilot how can I reach you ? address ? telephone ? por favor . por favor . 7. he glance over .. this be not lechery , it be art appreciation .. a errant but decent man awed by the creature he be draw to .. narrator my mother have redefine she own passion . blame herself for the father she give I , she would never again be lure by a man 's rough edge .. she have decide that goodness would be she catnip . on mother .. as she feel he look at she and turn . with some affection and regret , she shake she head , " no . " the pilot . as he mouth the word " ouch . " 15 ext . field - night ... 15 plane landing on a dirt and grass strip ... 16 ext . field - later - night - on mother and daughter .. 16 stand on the tarmac .. Latin flavor music suddenly give way to a Texas country harmonica riff .. the child try to comfort she apprehensive mother with the one wondrous fact she find so thrill . girl ( exulting ) Texas ... the mother hurry she along in the direction of distant light . girl ( cont 'd ) ( more emphatically ) Texas . 17 ext . elevate high shot ... highway 17 the two of they wait , small figure . girl mam치 , Texas .. she raise she finger like pistol . shoot , blow in they and reholster they . 18 ext . highway - dusk 18 Bus travel the highway . the child look out sadly . 8. girl adios , Texas . transition to : 19 ext . NORTH valley STREET - early evening 19 as they disembark ... the mother study a slip of paper ... fear she have make the mistake of a lifetime . the child fascinate by all . narrator at the time , I be oblivious to my mother 's anguish . she love and live to talk . now , as if by a witch 's spell , word be no longer she bridge but she barrier . in a very real sense she fear she have leave herself behind . on the two female . the mother see something . Joy return . her Pov . a street full of store with sign in spanish .. she begin walk the street ask passer - by for direction in Spanish and be answer .. she step lighten .. she beam with relief . so far so very , very good . 20 ext . apt . complex - day - five month later .. 20 a iron gate in front .. small courtyard ringed by a second floor horseshoe of apartment . narrator we move into a place manage by my mother 's aunt . my mother work two job in two local store pay a total of 450 dollar a week ... 21 int . apt . - day 21 as the mother enter . narrator .. just ever so barely enough . 22 int . apt . - kitchen - closer shot .. 22 cristina take a newspaper from she book bag and seriously ponder - then circle grocery coupon . angle on kitchen area . 9 . cristina take a snack from the refrigerator .. smile at the note she mother leave ... lighting a burner and melting cheese on a tortilla . narrator ( cont 'd ) but we be fine . we have it down . if only I could have stay six . the camera move quickly from the child to : 23 ext . apt . complex - elevate shot - six year later . 23 the courtyard be light with color light and candle ..a wedding reception be in progress - extreme close up - the bride . gorgeous round and full cheek stretch into a deep , explosive smile . back to scene ... music play and we focus on cristina , now near 12 year of age .. dance with she mother and some other smaller child .. the mother eye the muscular back of a great look man ... who turn , and quickly ooze quality sex appeal . she be turn on .. they talk in Spanish ... he say something hushed like , " I have be afraid to talk to you . I need oxygen when I look at you . " she indicate the six child she be dance with and offer to include he in some ring around the rosey dance ... he indicate the magic of just the two of they ... she quickly lead she little flock away .. other angle .. a reed - thin fourteen year old boy be stare at they ... at first the mother think this be adorable ... the child eyeing she as if he be a man.. she indicate he should join the rest of the child for a dance .. moving with the boy .. as he step forward and it become clear it be cristina he be interested in ... before the mom can do anything about it , he ask cristina to dance and she readily accept . on cristina .. Satellite virginity fall with alarming speed .. the first time hold by a male , the first time hold close , the first sexy ( albeit touchingly awkward ) gaze from half - close male eye which utterly confuse cristina . he begin to grind he hip into he dance partner . on her mother . not confuse . it be exactly as if she see she daughter about to be run down by a car .. only this time the thing to do be scare the car . 10 . she run toward the boy -- he see the force of nature come he way and make a break but she get he and actually lift he and throw he to the sideline . then pat he on the head maternally and go back to cristina . cristina . somewhat proud of she mom as the boy leave the scene . narrator that quickly it be clear she could no longer work two job and leave I to my own at night . the follow morning she do something about it . a boy I never see again have change we life . 24 int . bus - day 24 the mother and she aunt , monica , take they seat .. the bus be fill with domestic .. the mother , nervous , look over to see and greet ... the bride from last night 's wedding . 25 int . bus - day - 90 minute later . 25 bride ( to mom ) este es Stone Canyon . 26 ext . stone canyon - day 26 music change.. as they disembark and start walk , join the busload of domestic into the canyon and up the hill .... they walk past a perfect country club fairway . Grand tree from either side meet each other high over the road . on our gal .. as they walk she see the stuff ... the dream that make you migrate . she be not awed .. she be jazze . to she aunt she do the Latin version of oh ..... my ... GOD !!!!!!!!... at regular interval in the background , one black suv after another have a mother take kid home from school . 27 ext . attractive home security gate - day 27 monica press the security intercom . the gate swing open . 28 ext . house - day . 28 in the foreground a expanse of turn up dirt ... and huge roll of sod ready to be laid down . a catering truck stand in the driveway . 29 int . / ext . house - great kitchen / pool - day 29 they enter .. lot of glass french door stand OPEN to lawn , pool and pool house . they look off . 11 . there Pov . deborah norwich clasky , a cool beauty in she mid 30' , sit dominate this three generation portrait of the good life . she be wear a straw hat and killer Hawaiian shirt .. she be a perfect dresser ; meaning she clothes seem to say she do not care , while every article be a true and gift find . she be drink from a tumbler which be also of the " do not hold you breath while you try to find something as terrific " variety . she be flanke by she mother , evelyn , 60 , who be drink from a stem glass with two olive and she 14 year old overweight daughter , bernice.. who be read , she grandmother idly hold she hand .. in the immediate area more roll of sod wait to be laid . the two latinas . as they stand inside the kitchen not sure what to do next . then deborah gesture that they should join she at the pool .. as they start out .. there exit . boink .. three stooge retro.. that french door be not open after all . monica hit first . the woman at the pool react . deborah and bernice run . Evelyn momentarily attempt to join the rush .. she half rise and then think better of it .. too late in the day for sudden movement . kitchen doorway . bernice gee whiz in heaven ... how be you ? please ? deborah ( a bit hyper ) do not worry .. I be not mad ... I be look for decoration to put on the glass so people would stop walk into it and instead of take what they have in stock , which be awful , I special order . I will design something myself which I should have do in the fi ... we heroine , see the blood flow from she aunt 's nose , gesture that monica need help not conversation . deborah ( cont 'd ) ..and what difference do that make when you nose be bleed . shut up , deborah . bernice now you get it , Mom . 12 . deborah grab at paper towel , get a ice pack from the freezer and then grab some cash from a bowl in the kitchen .. she have , moment to moment , the enormous desire to feel love that only the seriously hard to love can experience . deborah here , take this . ( second think ) be that strange to give you money .. I just feel badly that .. monica it 's okay . she pocket the cash . 30 ext . house - backyard - day 30 moment later . as the group arrive at the outdoor table . Evelyn make half - heart incomplete gesture of shaking hand , nodd , indicate a seat ... each simple act a test which she fail -- every gesture a bit too late and then some .. simply too much for she to manage with the drink under she belt . in the background worker roll out sod , the yard become more beautiful even as we look . monica she be my niece . she and she daughter live in the apartment I manage . yolanda , who work for you , live there before she go back home . that 's how I hear about the job . deborah so who be I interview ? monica her . deborah ( forcefully ) you be gorgeous . on we gal .. as she , not understanding the word , smile and nod . monica ( translate sotto ) vistosos . we gal throw . not know how now to react . evelyn she do not mean it as a compliment . it 's more of a accusation . 13 . deborah this be my daughter bernice and this be my mother , Evelyn norwich .. bernice ( rise ) Excuse I ... glad you be okay . ( then to other latina ) good luck . we gal smile back in appreciation . deborah no , stay .. this involve you . bernice I would not want some kid around for my interview . you understand , Mom . evelyn ( to bernice ) strength of character..empathy ..big heart .. taste for futility - God I love you . she eye with disapproval she mother 's empty glass . deborah mother ! ( then to bernice ) stop . it 's just a conversation - not a interview . please sit . ( to visitor ) do not you want to get out of the sun ? she indicate a shade seat . deborah be protect by hat , umbrella , sun glass while she guest sit barehead enjoy the ray and indicate she be fine . underneath deborah 's surface be a Russian roulette of deeply feel emotion .. at this moment she be earnest and vulnerable . deborah ( to our gal ) ( cont 'd ) you guy want some lemonade ? ( they demur ) let 's just talk . I have two child . my husband work night ..he 's a chef and have he own place . monica do you work ? deborah I help run a commercial design company until ten month ago when 14 . deborah ( cont 'd ) it be downsize to zip . okay . I have two child . I like the house to be like I in that I be very loose and meticulous at the same time . it 's all about first name and closeness here but I care about the place , you know . it 's what they use to call homemaker .. the two visitor exchange a wide - eye look . which deborah see and understand . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( to monica ) I be not leave time for you to translate . monica say , in Spanish , " this woman be very strange . the only thing I understand be she have two kid . " deborah lean into monica . face to face , tender but unblink .. deborah ( cont 'd ) too bad for you that it just never occur to you to check on how much Spanish I know . monica ( a solid beat of humiliation then ) I be sorry what I say about you ... do not hold it against she . bernice Mom !! deborah I do not speak any Spanish . but I be not a idiot - I talk for a hour and you say two word . what do you say ? monica squirm - unusual for she . deborah ( cont 'd ) never mind . you get you nose bop . I get my feeling hurt . onward . as monica paraphrase what have happen , she translation be dialed down for the : narrator ( as deborah continue talk ) I will major in linguistics and make sociology my sub - concentration . because it have be my experience that the barrier of ( more ) 15 . narrator ( cont would ) language be more than we dare admit . that , as much as we translate , finally we will never understand each other . my mother 's name , for example , beautiful in Spanish , become leaden and awful when pronounce by a non-latin . deborah ( in the clear ) what 's you name ? llamo ? one of my five Spanish word .. our gal flor moreno . she pronounce flor in the Latin way ... lot of rrrr 's with a curling of the tongue sound at the end . deborah flor . she pronounce it flat like the " floor " we walk on ... throughout the follow each of the woman stick to they pronunciation as indicate by the extra " r's . flor ( correct ) florrrrr . deborah flor . flor ( correct ) florrrrr . deborah flor . flor ( correct ) florrrrr . deborah flor . flor ( try ) florrrrr . deborah flor .. what I walk on ? monica and evelyn florrrrr . 16 . flor florrrrr . bernice it mean flower , right ? monica yes. flower . florrrrr . evelyn florrrrr . flor florrrrr . deborah be beginning to feel criticize ... she take a beat .. eye everyone with some hostility . deborah ( directly to flor ) be there some school of the ear I be flunk out of right now ? flor say to monica , in Spanish , a tip to pronounce she name . monica warn flor to leave it rest .. since deborah be become clearly and strangely piss .. deborah ( cont 'd ) what do she say ? close on flor ... she feel the tension but , so far in she life , she own irrepressible personality have serve she - so she move forward with surprising and quiet confidence and assurance . she tell she aunt to repeat she word so that now , for the first time , she be , through monica , talk directly to deborah . monica ( translate ) she say .. if you curl you tongue and let it be loose you will have it .. that it 's hard for Americans .. she say it 's great that you try so hard . many people would not bother . deborah ( a emotional pronouncement / she great accolade ) she get I .... she smile at flor , who return the smile . 17 . deborah ( cont 'd ) you want some lemonade ? take some lemonade . she pour some for flor and monica . then she close she eye and pause in utter dedication to a final effort : deborah ( cont 'd ) florrrrr . it be perfect .. flor grin at deborah 's victory ... clap she hand together . flor ( a Spanish word ) sublime . deborah feel relief .. free for a moment from the dark corridor of self- criticism .. she be lighter , prettier , innocent .. wholly and completely attractive . deborah whew , dense but stubborn , right ? thanks . ( a important declaration ) what you just do with I be just what kid need .. patience and encouragement . alright , money ... bernice rise like a shot to take off .. bernice Goodbye , really .. ( to flor ) look forward to see you . as she leave . deborah ( absently to bernie ) Love you ... ( then with not a monosecond break ) ... the job be six day a week , seven to seven .. the kid and all housekeep , how much a week would you like ? monica translate .. flor , embarrassed a bit by the directness , duck the question .. say in Spanish -- " whatever you say .. " deborah ( cont 'd ) no .. this be a important question .. if you ask for too little it mean you do not value 18 . yourself .. too much and you be take advantage . ( after monica translate ) so ? flor be dumbstruck by the challenge of this pop quiz but not without some native wit and style to maneuver around it . flor ( extremely heavy accent ) one thousand dollar . deborah fall for it until flor laugh ..other join ... deborah now a big smile , snort of a laugh , put she hand to she face and shaking she head . other angle .. as monica use deborah 's reaction time to , in mid-laugh , flash four finger to flor .. on evelyn . catch the gesture and secretly indicate to monica they should go for six . monica ( firmly ) six hundred dollar . flor shoot she a look of fear ... a tense beat . deborah welcome to the family .. deborah kiss she .. sort of on the mouth . in the midst of flor 's delight she be throw by deborah 's kiss ... it be the first of many border to be violate . 31 ext . clasky house - day . 31 as flor and monica exit and can finally show they full joy . dissolve to : 32 ext . stone canyon - evening . 32 JOHN clasky drive a smallish suv . he be a upbeat , talented , successful man with a ego as balanced as a high - end watch ; who love he wife , kid and job . in other word , watch out , John . 33 ext . clasky house - evening . 33 as John pull into the driveway next to a catering truck and exit he suv carry a large wrap tray .. 19 . 34 int . clasky house - evening . 34 as John move quickly through the downstairs , he put the tray on a counter where food server be work . JOHN I bring some dessert . as he move on , we see in the background the worker unwrap and react to a fantastic concoction . a caterer ( who we may notice look at he like royalty ) fall in beside he and whisper to he . caterer she come down to check on the party and realize the gardener have not finish roll the sod . 35 int . / ext . clasky house - backyard - night 35 JOHN be Pov - deborah and two female caterer . deborah be wear a party dress . they be roll out the last huge cylinder of sod , complete the now beautifully manicure backyard . it be hard manual labor involve physical strength . the female caterer be complain that it 's too heavy but deborah be undeterred . deborah ( to catering woman ) we can do it . come on . she fall over the roll .. get filthy .. but it give and they gain momentum ... one of the catering woman fall down , one lose pace .. deborah , however , gain the upper hand . yet , even while succeed , she remonstrate herself . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( great exertion ) why ... do ... I ... care .. so .. much .. about .... crap ? and now she win .. the cylinder of grass roll all the way out and she jump on the seam in victory . she be dirty , spend and triumphant .. the component for a solid sexual experience .. and , in truth , as the exhaust caterer half - heartedly applaud the bizarre victory , she have get off . she look with mother 's pride at the lawn . then see John . deborah ( cont 'd ) can you believe they leave without finish ? as she look at she handiwork - John look at she .. a grin.. half laugh .. he love the dame . 20 . deborah ( breathless ) ( cont 'd ) look great , huh ?.... you be not look . JOHN I be get a kick look at you look at it . not the answer she want .. deborah I better get dress again in case anybody 's just a half hour late . she hit a switch at the door and the backyard area be now fully illuminate -- set up for a dinner party for 20 or so .... all detail think about and do to a " T " . this be the outdoor lighting nobody nail .. the twinkle of a half acre .. the path to the pool like a runway to heaven . as she look at it all she have a wistful moment . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( a replenishing sigh ) okay .. we be okay here . ( then ) why can not everything be like sod ? there 's no wait , no dung , nothing you have to do right and yet it 's perfect . it cover up all you dirt and make thing immediately pretty .. then , the miracle , if you just give it time , it root and you can not tell it from the real thing . ( a look to she husband ) no reaction . nothing to say . JOHN huh ? oh sure .. I , uh .. well , no , I do not have anything particular to say . deborah oh , John why do not you just take out a knife and kill I all together . somewhat crush , she prepare to exit . JOHN how would you get there .. hey , wait a minute .. deb..stop..come on. ( she turn ) I would like to figure this one out . what would have be the great thing for I to say after you say the sod sentence ?.. really . 21 . deborah that 's actually a good question . JOHN there you go . I surprise sometimes . deborah I would have like , if after I compare the sod to life , if you have say , " exactly ! " she turn to leave . JOHN yeah . but to say that and mean it I would have to think the same way you do . deborah ( some sense of mischief ) it 's worth a try ... I have something else to tell you ... it will come to I .. 36 int . olive garden type restaurant - night 36 stand in a nicely decorate middle class restaurant , cristina , totally bilingual , speak to the american hostess with a pronounce and charming accent as she mother , stand beside she , bounce with energy and joy . cristina could we have a table for two , please ? flor say something to she in Spanish .. the daughter wave it off and when the mother persist , she translate . cristina ( cont 'd ) we be celebrate . hostess smoke or non-smok ? before she daughter can translate . flor Dancing ! the hostess laugh .. they be seat at the two end of a banquette and each automatically pick up she place set and " scootches " closely together . cristina pick up a menu and point to the price . cristina wow , expensive .. 22 . flor scoff -- say she 's make six hundred dollar a week .. then look at the price and do a take . the hostess return --- cristina point to the menu . cristina ( cont 'd ) this be just for the starter ? flor , encourage she daughter 's spirit of adventure , place she hand over the price in the menu . hostess uh-huh .. and that man would like to buy you a drink . the daughter translate ... the hostess point out the early 30' , well dress , quite nice look businessman . flor address the man who be several table away . cristina move uncomfortably but respond to she mother 's nudge to translate . cristina ( to man ) this be very embarrassing but -- " what 's wrong with you ? I be with my daughter for God 's sake ! " then hostess , flor and finally cristina laugh . cristina relish get back to order from the menu ... in a moment that be a bit noteworthy .. cristina ( cont 'd ) and I would like to begin with the jumbo shrimp . 37 ext . stone canyon - day - 6:30 a.m. 37 flor smile .. enjoy the canyon.. as she walk the mile plus from the bus stop to work .. one of a straggly line of domestic . deborah jog into view . deborah hi , flor .. see you up there . deborah run past .. she be clearly upset .. she be also more than a stay-in - shape jogger . she be a athletic woman fuel by a ever flicker pilot light of anxiety . this make she seriously quick . she be highly aware of pass everybody .. she need to pass everybody .. her voice trail behind she as she announce to all as she approach .. " leave , please , " " leave , " " leave . " 38 int . clasky house - upstair - day 38 John enter he son 's room .. georgie , age 9 . 23 . JOHN okay ... think seriously about get up . you do not have to get up yet but be you think seriously about it ? georgie yes . JOHN okay . 39 int . clasky house - kitchen - day . 39 bernice be make french toast , do something novel with the fill and the last cooking process . some great idea which will have we make a mental note to try it at home . 40 int . clasky house - upstair day - day 40 John open georgie 's door again . georgie now ? JOHN yes .. actual up .. georgie get up .. georgie Morning , dad . JOHN yeah , good morning . georgie you as mad at I as Mom ' cause of what happen ? John pause .. aware he answer will have repercussion but integrity win . JOHN no , georgie , I be not . georgie be you mad at I ? JOHN uh...okay , no .. 41 int . clasky house - kitchen doorway - day 41 as flor enter from outside . bernice Morning , good to see you . 24 . flor Morning . good too . she notice the french toast . bernice try some . she demur . bernice hold out one slice on a spatula , indicate flor should just tear a piece off which she do ... one taste and she marvel -- she mouth drop open at this kid 's ability to make something mundane special .. bernice laugh . bernice ( cont 'd ) thanks . her mother enter on she way upstairs . she be thoughtful , tense and sweaty - she run have fail to exorcise she current demon . she greet flor and then shake she head , make a vain attempt to communicate she troubled mood to flor in some sort of sisterhood base on life be a fucker . deborah tough day . bernice prepare a plate for she mom while , in the b.g. , a golden retriever name chum approach flor from behind with a ball in its mouth . flor be check out the kitchen ... what 's in each drawer , etc ..... deborah be impressed by the self - starter display and indicate same to bernice . bernice I have a idea for a breakthrough in french toast so I make breakfast . I do not want to be tease about it .. no sarcasm . no tough love . just try it and if by any chance you have a positive reaction ... deborah right .. mean ol ' I . I can not play right now . I have to do something about you brother . bernice I have a idea for a recipe . when have that happen ? I get up early to do this . at least taste it , for God 's sake ! she do .. deborah oh , it 's good ...oh God , it 's rich -- oh God , it 's good . 25 . deborah ( sudden alarm ) by the way , you could do without this . the approval rug pull out from under she , bernice look at she mother . but deborah be unaware of have hurt she daughter because she attention have be divert so that deborah and the camera lose focus on bernice as the teenager , distraught , move from the room . deborah ( to flor ) ( cont 'd ) no.. no ! flor !.... never do fetch . chum be nudging flor with the ball and flor be about to accommodate he by take it before deborah 's warning shout stop she in mid-sentence . deborah ( cont 'd ) I mean it , never ! on flor 's stunne reaction to the outburst . deborah ( cont 'd ) I be not mad . I be think of you . this be I be nice .. then use she hand to demonstrate . deborah ( cont 'd ) just no take ball from dog . ( broadly ) trust I on that one . close up on chum go nut with deborah 's hand pass in front of he face ignore how urgently he offer the ball . deborah ( cont 'd ) you and I . we be fine . just a tip . ( she give she waist a little squeeze ) girlfriend . ( flor be totally confuse ) could you make some coffee ? Cafe ? flor yes . deborah direct she to the most complicated cappuccino machine italian overpriced artist ever devise . 42 int . clasky house - upstair - master bathroom - day 42 Deb in the shower ... you have never see so many shampoos , conditioner and bath balm ... never see so huge a sponge .. such fluffy towel . 26 . skylight over the shower allow a beam of God 's warmth . there be a fireplace in the bathroom . the only significance of this be that this people have a fireplace in they bathroom . the woman who make it all happen be put in a contact lens .. she be upset . we see that she have one blue eye and one brown . JOHN this be not a argument , honey . deborah yes . yes it be . so stop be so maniacally calm . JOHN ( emphatically ) no..it 's not . because I understand you side . deborah I can not be wrong about that too . this be a fight . we be have a fight . yo , I feel anger . deborah turn from the sink revealing one brown eye and one blue . she blink , realize one lens be not in and turn back to the sink . deborah ( cont 'd ) can I have a moment ? John exit into the .. 43 int . clasky house - master bedroom - day 43 as John await he wife ... a beat and she enter with two blue eye . even though she be attempt reason and self - control she voice be fill with tension and go from loud to borderline yell . deborah okay .. let 's get someplace here . 44 int . clasky house - kitchen - day 44 as flor work methodically - orient herself .. she be able to hear they totally foreign word and though they volume register on she a bit - basically she remain blithe . load a dishwasher , memorize where everything be .. 45 int . clasky house - master bedroom - day 45 back to scene : deborah you , mister , be crazy make .. I can not take this calm thing you have 27 . deborah start do . it 's like this be you way of let I know there 's something deeply wrong with I because I be not calm . JOHN ( calmly ) let 's not go all over the place .. can not we ... deborah ( shout burst ) if you be go to talk to I please have the decency to raise you voice . JOHN ( a beat then sudden urgency and change of tone ) let 's make a break for it . deborah what be you talk about ? he signal she with he eye and head and then take a large but tentative step away from the spot where he be stand ... then additional faster step . he gesture with enormous energy for she to follow he to he new spot in the room . she eye he suspiciously . JOHN just for a second . she walk to he ... he put a arm around she shoulder . and gesture back to where they be stand . he talk in a almost hushed , conspiratorial voice . JOHN ( cont 'd ) we do not have to be that people . nobody 's watch . they have be masquerade as we for a while here .. I will distract they - you make a break for it and I will meet you outside . deborah you be ridicule I because I care about this . JOHN ( firmly ) no. I be not . I mean this .. let 's get away from that two in case they be as miserable as they look .. 28 . JOHN ( urging .. like a Southern coach ) come on , baby . he be look at she with wit and conviction .. try to squirt lighter fluid at the flame of they love . deborah look up at he .. intimacy of a different sort . deborah let I ask you a question .. let I change the subject .. forget for a moment that you will not support I with georgie .. JOHN ( reasonably ) well , I do not think ... she make a noise of frustration to stop he .. it work . John be render still and intimidate by she conduct but he be " man " enough for he jaw to set ... to pause for a beat as he look she straight in the eye .. and walk back to the spot they occupy previously . JOHN ( cont 'd ) go ahead . deborah here 's the question . it 's be on my mind more and more . do you do that calm thing for the purpose of infuriate I ? JOHN ( genuinely puzzle ) what ? why would ... ( on she exasperate look ) why would anyone do something to someone they love for the purpose of mess they up ? deborah ( unconvince / distant ) okay . he hate that look of isolation on she face .. he need to make she feel better . JOHN Deb , since high school we have be able to read each other ... take advantage of it .. the answer to the question be , " absolutely not . " now take a look and tell I if you believe I . 29 . she look at he .. with a finger motion he direct she gaze to he eye .. close on john' eye . open , smile , trust . try to get a laugh out of she . close on deborah' eye . study , question , probing , doubting , exhaust ... deborah I do not .. believe you . I think you just want I to feel badly about myself .. sorry , honey . 46 int . clasky house - kitchen - day 46 John enter - not see flor - go to the sparklett water container and fill a cup ... he be shake .. JOHN ( to himself ) great God in heaven save I . Boy meet girl . flor hi . he turn with a start to see flor smile at he . gorgeous square . his first word be inadvertent . JOHN whoa ... whoa ... I do not know deborah have find someone ... you work here ? you be go to help with the house and kid ? flor solo espa침ol . JOHN you work here and you do not speak any English at all ? the sound of foot on the stair .. deborah and georgie enter . deborah all she have to do be dial 9 - 1 - 1 and press two for Spanish . ( even before she enter ) flor ... john. ( to John enunciate the name ) this be flor . 30 . JOHN ( pronounce it perfectly ) hi , flor. deborah react , grab some coffee and push georgie along . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( to deborah ) look , I will take georgie to school . deborah no. I be do it .. show flor the rope . flor be try to figure out what 's expect of she then deborah gesture impatiently for she to fall into step and come with she . 47 ext . clasky house - driveway - day 47 the biggest , baddest , blackest suv .. there be some subtle custom work so the vehicle impact we in way we cannot quite fathom . deborah be wiping away a tear as she get in and share a woman to woman moment with flor . deborah fuckin ' hombre , huh ? she sniffles . flor nod uncertainly . a small voice from the back seat .. georgie .. georgie I just do not want to sing last night . deborah' voice ( hurt ) yeah . well you say you would .. you say you want to . I ask you five time . then when I have the whole party pay attention you refuse . as she put the car in gear ... georgie sing insanely well . but he 's just two line into a old blue standard : deborah it do not do any good now , georgie . she press a button on she dash and a glass partition come up between front and back seat thereby cut he off in mid - song . flor be utterly baffle by the notion of put a divider between parent and child . but deborah be call for she to pay attention to the car 's navigation screen .. a Spanish voice say , " route guidance system start . " 31 . deborah ( cont 'd ) I have program it for Spanish .. look , it will take you anywhere and then back home . if you figure out how to make coffee on that thing it 's all downhill . the male spanish voice talk about imminent leave turn . flor be throw by the amount of oddness .. all the while georgie be sing he little heart out in the back seat . flor , amused by the boy , suppress a smile ... maybe the first time in she life she 's have to suppress joy . but deborah never miss anything . deborah ( to flor ) ( cont 'd ) this be stop gap .. you , kiddo , you be go to have to learn English . 48 int . restaurant kitchen - late afternoon 48 John cooking ... the theory that nobody 's sexier than when they be see do what they do best apply here .. in the background John 's number two , peter , the sous chef , be bossy and anal as he organize he cooking and gwen , who spend most night try not to show she enormous affection for John . at the moment , John 's work be a strange mixture of art and cloddishness ..... the hand blur with expertise ... but he keep drop item ..... each time a Latin kitchen worker , alex , 20 , dive on the spillage .. at one point they bump . JOHN sorry ... peter ( sharply to Alex ) not the best place to stand , fella . JOHN ( to Alex ) no . it 's I . you be the new helper , huh .. alex I do not mean to ... JOHN no..no .. it 's okay . it 's I be bugge . two people head for John almost simultaneously . peg , a arty look woman in she late 50' .. wild , scraggly gray hair , enter lug a ice chest and the maitre d' . peg you be go to be so happy .. the maitre D ' enter . 32 . maitre D ' I have something very important to tell you . John make a no-brainer of a decision point to the woman who promise happiness . she heft she ice chest up on the counter . peg perfect cod this be John -- John , perfect cod .. best one I have see all season and he be swim twenty minute ago . the fish be that special , a sentence that kick out for a writer , the right brush stroke for a artist . you get it .. JOHN knockout . ( to Alex ) you want to learn something ? you want to pack it away ? the kid nod .. he pick up the fish . JOHN ( cont 'd ) cradle it ... put it in the cooler but not on its side .. in the same position it swim . ( important add think ) and check the ice pack .. make sure it can drain away .. if it can not the chlorine can hurt the flesh . do all that and nobody can put a fish in the fridge better than you ... and that 's a solid start .. first day and you already do something perfect . kid ( smile ) yes , I understand . maitre D ' please . now ? JOHN oh , sorry .. I forget . he whisper in John 's ear .. JOHN ( cont 'd ) damn .. " ohhhh damn . " peter what , buddy , what ? 33 . JOHN Victor spot a food critic .. peter from ? victor the New York Times .. I will bet they send she out just for we . ( hand John a slip ) here 's what she order . peter look , if you be nervous take a walk .. JOHN I do not need a walk . gwen I will walk with you .. I know a breathe thing . JOHN what do you think I be worried about ... how I will cook ? that 's not the problem .. ( look at slip / then to Alex ) the lady want fish . get the fish . he start to prepare for cooking . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I work in a kitchen once in New York that get four star . it be like a line form for the chance to become a asshole . people 's accent change . the heart go out of the place . you understand . peter no . gwen ( with / barely understate passion ) I agree with everything you have say . I admire you for you feeling . I hope to adopt they as my own .... on JOHN . as he work .. let 's be clear here ... this be that sequence that either kick out or do not .. no food channel .. no simple knife stuff .. something casually brilliant..meticulous ... smart and gift as he prepare the critic 's meal . 34 . he be talk quickly .. almost to himself . JOHN I do not know what to root for .. the think of one star make I nauseous .. but with four there 's no place to go but , " oh my God , they take away a star . " ( muse ) Three .. three and a half . that 's what you want .. no. wrong ! Three and a half you feel disappointed that you just miss out on four . you know what you want ? Three and a quarter .. ( a eureka moment ) that would be perfect !! ( get off on it ) it would mean you be good .. but you be not good enough to feel disappointed that you just miss out on excellent .. but nothing truly bad happen , you still get you three and a quarter star . which encourage you to try and improve .. and you still get enough respect so that you can get good people to work with you .. Business be good but not crazy . you be right there underneath the radar where you get to mind you own business . that 's a solid life . he taste a sliver of the food dish he be prepare . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( with professional honesty and some regret ) aw , man.. this be amazing . no three and a quarter here . 49 int . clasky kitchen - day . 49 Evelyn , have a glass of white wine and a sandwich , be talk to bernice in the kitchen also include flor though she be only catch a word here or there .. evelyn well , I be in the vitamin section and this little hip hop girl .. what 's she name .. grammy - adorable -- big voice .. subtle phrasing ...oh , she 's famous .. the kid know she ... oh - little blue shoe .. darn I . flor look concerned over Evelyn 's displeasure with herself , a fact pick up by the older woman ... it be actually a small 35 . but resonant good - nature , affectionate moment between the lush and the latina . evelyn ( cont 'd ) God bless the language barrier , it keep you from be bored with I . speak to directly like this , flor be confuse .. evelyn ( cont 'd ) anyway , she say , " be not you Evelyn wright ? " first of all , that she recognize I from the old cover and then she .... oh , please she name .. it make the story so much better ... she say , ( genuinely stir ) " whenever I think everything be .. " ( aside ) pardon my french..pardon she french ( back to quote ) " a mother hmmmhmmm ... I put on one of you record .. " bernice awwww . how sweet .... Evelyn look transparently vulnerable for a second . flor react . bernie squeeze she grandmother 's hand .. flor smile . evelyn just such a lovely thing to come from the blue .... deborah enter , carry a load of package . with lightning speed , she eye pick out ... the glass she mother be drink from . deborah oh , mother ... it 's not even noon . evelyn ( defensively ) it 's almost two o'clock . deborah God , where be this day go ... flor could you come with I ? bernice grandma , tell Mom what happen . evelyn ( very deliberately ) no. 36 . deborah lead the way out ... but flor stop before follow she out to give Evelyn a gesture of support and appreciation . 50 int . bernie' room - late afternoon 50 John be in bernie 's room - help she with she homework . they lay at right angle to each other .. he be testing she . JOHN this be go to work . bernice I do not know anything . JOHN free you mind ... the president whose policy many consider responsible for the great Depression ... bernice I do not know ... JOHN name a vacuum cleaner .. bernice okay . yes .. thanks . JOHN and this vacuum whoosh all this money out of everyone 's pocket . bernice get it . I no longer know nothing . JOHN and Hoover be follow in office by .. bernice I be just draw blank . I be embarrassed . it 's my own fault I spend my time on math , which I be lucky if I do not flunk anyway and .. JOHN the guy we be look for be not a ruse .. bernice what 's ruse mean ? JOHN phony . so this president be not a ruse .. he be the real thing . 37 . JOHN ( she look at he blankly ) ruse ?? bernice ( enjoy she father 's absurdity ) rusevelt .. if I would ever hear of the word before - that would lock it in .. it 's so stupid it might work anyway ... deborah enter follow by flor . they be carry several box of clothes ... deborah surprise new clothes .. bernie gasp .. as she look at a sweater .. bernice what would I do right ? deborah warehouse sale .. bernice try on the sweater over she T-shirt .. and mirth end .. the sweater be tight ... bernice pick up a blouse and then skirt and check the size . on flor and JOHN . as they be coupled by the camera angle as each catch on and be dumbfounded . on bernice .. whose style , wit and grace should not have to be use to deflect such trauma . but so be it , as , though mightily stung : bernice thanks , mom .. I be glad you do not get here a little earlier or else I would not be able to tell you that you gift be a ruse . please , excuse I .. she exit to she bathroom . 51 int . stairwell - early evening 51 flor one step behind John and deborah who be move quickly down the stair ... John piss .. deborah feel the futility of anyone understanding she point even as she make it . 38 . deborah she 's right between the two size .. I think about it .. what be I suppose to do encourage she ... what be it ? - denial ? or motivate she to get herself in shape . flor try to slide by .. something surreptitious in she behavior .. deborah suddenly turn to flor . deborah ( cont 'd ) flor .. she hold out she hand in a " we woman understand " gesture . flor do not waver .. just meet she eye . flor I puedo ir ?..go..can go ? deborah ( a bit nonpluss ) sure . go. JOHN I will drive you to the bus stop . and that fast they be go . 52 ext . clasky house - driveway - day 52 as John get in he seat .. then see flor approach the door and hop out to open she door ... apologize as he go . JOHN sorry . I be crack . as he move back to he side of the vehicle . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( a shout ) shiiiiiiit ! flor hear this from inside and nod in agreement . 53 int . JOHN be car - early evening .. 53 as they drive down the canyon . he be wildly frustrated . even if flor be not there , he would be talk to himself anyway , in the manner of bag lady and all of we . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be run out of excuse for the lady of the house . flor do not understand he word ... yet fully agree . but then John take rein of he emotion . 39 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) but you know , you gotta watch out for the time you think you be absolutely right .. but , man , bernice have final tomorrow . she do not need this one .. and just that look on she face when she get the gift -- ( now he voice crack ; he grow wet - eye ) -- like for a second she think all she problem with she mother have be solve ... flor be flabbergasted .. she peek to see if he be actually cry . at first she heart be touch by John but then there be distinct disapproval ( a real roll of the eye ) that the macho meter can read that low . he look at she and she face front quickly . narrator my mother do not understand she male boss . his heart be good and he be rare in not flirt with she . but they be starkly different . privacy and dignity be the same word to my mother . naturally , when she find herself sit next to a man who cry over he child 's hurt she have no idea how to process the event . meanwhile , he have stop for traffic near the end of the canyon . flor take the opportunity to bolt . flor gracias . she open the door and start to get out though the car be still roll a bit ... JOHN what be you do ? let I take you all the way . reluctantly she re-enter the car .. it roll another ten foot to she bus stop and she get out again . JOHN ( cont 'd ) how weird be this ride ? sorry . flor no es nada . he do not quite know what that mean ... indicate same in a little helpless gesture .. 40 . 54 ext . bus stop - early evening .. 54 as flor be drop off ... the goodbye awkward . narrator the job be taxing she . she have no template for confusion let alone frustration . while wait for the bus , flor suddenly turn and run a few yard ... and then back .. and wave off the look from she colleague - many of whom be overweight .. many of they adorable . all puzzle for the moment as they watch flor unsuccessfully try to shake off she day . 55 int . flor be apt . - evening 55 as flor enter -- kiss she daughter .. distraught and distract . she walk immediately to the refrigerator and take out a chocolate cake and a bottle of milk ... she cut a huge slice of cake and put it in front of she startle daughter .. in Spanish riding she on be too thin .. the daughter gesture at she mother 's own slim figure . narrator it be so unusual for my mother to ask my help that I realize immediately she be lose she battle to be uninvolved with the claskys . flor ask she daughter how to say something in English . cristina try it on . flor ask again in Spanish ... try to find a precise phrase .. the nuance important to she . cristina ( cont 'd ) please try it on ? flor know the word " please " .. it 's not what she want ... what she want be a way to say , " try it on " in a manner which be not a request .. or order , but be , rather , friendly and caring . her daughter work on the problem . cristina ( cont 'd ) just try it on ? flor ( thickly accented ) just try it on . cristina ( small accent ) just try it on . 41 . flor ( improvement each time ) just try it on ... just try it on .. she 's get it . narrator we culture embrace fullness in a woman . you , the woman of the admission committee , as intelligent as you be , have no idea how casual and complete such acceptance be back home , in the land of the size 16 bikini . 56 ext . bus stop - NORTH valley - pre -dawn 56 flor be the only one wait . a empty bus stop and she get on . 57 ext . STREET - near bus stop - high shot - first light 57 as we see deborah cross sunset Blvd. , overtake and pass two ucla man run at a good clip as flor 's bus stop . close on flor .. as she stride purposefully up the street . narrator this be one of the cultural difference between we which I wish to explore academically at Princeton . american woman , I believe , actually feel the same as Hispanic woman about weight . 58 int . clasky house - extreme early morning 58 the house asleep . flor walk carefully up the step . narrator .... a desire for the comfort of fullness . 59 int . bernie' room - first light 59 bernie asleep on the bed ... kleenex abound ... the solid sleep earn by a few hour of sobbing . she look touchingly pretty and decidedly round . flor look for , find and carry out the new clothes deborah have give she daughter . narrator and , when that desire be suppress for style and deprivation allow to rule ... 42 . 60 ext . STREET - steep incline 60 angle on deborah &amp ; killer hill : two young athletic man and one woman considerably ahead of she on the steep incline . deborah left..left .. on runners . they turn and look confuse at deborah who be so far behind they she have no need to pass .. they turn away . deborah struggle to turn it on and do so ... huffing to just behind they where she utter one more strain : deborah ( cont 'd ) Left . and then pass . narrator ... dieting , exercise american woman become afraid of everything associate with be curvaceous , such as wantonness , lustfulness , sex , food , motherhood .. all that be good in life . 61 int . clasky maid be room - early morning . 61 flor at work on a sewing machine .. open seam , move button , even steaming where the button have be change ..etc . 62 int . bernie' room - morning 62 flor be in the room ... have put the alter clothes back in place .. bernie 's alarm clock ring .. she wake and see flor . bernice hey .. buenas dias , flor . . flor hold up the new clothes and indicate that they be beautiful . bernice ( cont 'd ) ( ruefully ) yes .. well , taste she have .. bernie start she morning routine .. she back to we when : flor ( damn good English ) just try it on . 43. bernie , though she back be to we , do a " take " then turn grin . bernice hey !!!! when do you learn to ... flor ( cut she off ) just try it on .. bernice too tight .. it do not fit . flor clearly do not understand .. flor just try it on .. hey ?! flor extend a blouse and skirt . flor ( cont 'd ) just .. bernice okay . I will show you .. she step behind a closet door to try the clothes on , mutter pessimistically before she do so . camera stays on flor .. bernice ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) Lovely way to start the day . World 's most trim mexican learn she first sentence and use it to watch I grrrrunt my way into ... and then .... silence ... bernie , open mouth , step out wear the clothes which fit like a glove . flor beam .. then laugh at bernie 's reaction as she keep check the waist and look into the mirror . into mirror . to see bernie in the foreground as flor look on .. nod approval and leave . on bernie .. the fit of the clothes be as mystify as it be nice .. she pick up another shirt .. check the size tag and then study it a bit . close up shirt .. as bernie 's finger find the barely visible hole where the button have previously be . 44 . 63 int . clasky house - kitchen - day 63 flor at work .. chum , ball in mouth , come to she and nudge she . flor ( to dog ) lo siento . no. chum , momentarily depressed , walk away .. bernie enter . she be a bit overwhelm -- she voice break a bit even with one word . bernice hey .. flor turn .. bernie move to embrace she . 64 int . clasky house - day - fifteen minute later 64 as John come down the stair .. he look apprehensive .. from the de come the sound of sing .. it stop he from go out the front door as he turn to check it out . 65 int . den - day .. 65 John find Evelyn and georgie in they night clothes . they be sing a old song ... something like " lush life " - something preposterous for a nine year - old boy .. but you can not knock the quality of the voice .. world class . they see he and stop . evelyn every time he have a nightmare , I teach he one of my old song . that way the nightmare have a purpose . georgie but I do not have to sing it for anyone . JOHN right . you be clear on that .. georgie how many do you sell of this song ? evelyn ( embarrassed in front of John ) he like to know that stuff . JOHN ( to georgie ) she be huge . 45 . evelyn seventy - six thousand .. which be great for a jazz album . they resume harmonize . as John leave , the song lyric make some comment on : 66 ext . clasky house - day 66 as John , grow tense , walk toward the front gate .. chum proffer a ball and accept defeat as he bend down to pick up the New York Times . John 's body chemistry launch a surprise attack ... anxiety and dread ... he take he newspaper to a wire bench in the front driveway .. he find the section .. open to the page .. and just like that he life change forevermore . 67 int . clasky house - day . 67 John enter .. georgie be go up the stair .. flor put out breakfast food . evelyn you okay ? JOHN ( strangely ) I be okay . ( to flor ) deborah around ? flor she run . John nod and head upstairs . 67a 67a int . clasky house - upstair - bernie' room - day he look in bernie 's room . she be load she backpack for school .. JOHN hey , honey . bernice what 's wrong ? JOHN no..nothing ... just that .. georgie enter the scene .. georgie a kid offer I a trade .. let I show you . JOHN yeah .. 46 . he start to follow he to he room . bernice dad !!! he can wait . JOHN no .. it 's okay .. bernice let he wait .. your be obviously important . georgie you do not even know how important the trade be .. JOHN let I just do georgie .... here . he hand she the newspaper ... 68 int . clasky house - georgie' room 68 we move with John and georgie to georgie 's room where he go to he colleclecle .. he hold up a card .. georgie he say he will give I any three silver for he . JOHN I do not know ... this be the one you start with .. you really want to give up you first card ? note : this be a involved discussion on both they part .. nothing in John think it be trivial . georgie I know .. that 's why I need you . JOHN ..this be you favorite .. georgie I think he would go higher . JOHN but it 's not number .. it 's ..... they be interrupt by a never quite hear before sound of exultation .. 69 int . kitchen - day 69 flor and Evelyn jolted .. they exit to follow the sound .. 47 . 70 int . bernie' room - day 70 as they enter hold the paper . she have be smack in the heart by gleeful and prideful emotion ... it be disorient for she to experience the rush of pleasure . JOHN for God 's sake .. why do you ... bernice why ?!!? crazy father , why ?!? why be not you scream ?.. JOHN I be get there .. just the stunne thing have to get deal with ... bernice ( read from newspaper ) John clasky , who at 25 make he mark on the New York restaurant scene when jammed live up to and survive its silly name , have be - emerge as a young and confident veteran take chance with he combination in so subtle a manner . . " georgie if he give I six ... JOHN ( catch she excitement ) wait a minute , you sister 's talk . Evelyn indicate to flor that the good news be about john.. and so she study he a bit .. bernice " ... beginning with the succession of appetizer , each one with its own stun and fully realize agenda , be constantly yet casually dare . " ( emotional and earnest aside ) ah , dad ... this be so great ... ( to other ) now here 's the thing ... she tear up ... Evelyn rub bernie 's back .. look at flor and tap she heart ... flor indicate she should leave and do . bernice continue read with a lovely sense of mission and moment . John be take with he daughter 's delivery . 48 . bernice ( cont 'd ) " eat at this perfect smaller , passionate restaurant inspire one 's own abandonment of caution . to wit : John clasky be the best chef in the United States . " JOHN ( genuinely enthusiastic ) look how great you read it . bernice ( massive irony ) perfect , dad. Evelyn and bernice hug he .. evelyn john.. John ... oh , my God you even look different to I .... JOHN what be you talk about ? bernice I wonder what mom will do ? 71 int . bedroom - late afternoon 71 deborah be rip John 's clothes off .. button fly .. shred of cloth .. John be laugh - happy . JOHN what be this ? deborah I do not know . she rip at she own clothes and then exclaim in passion . deborah ( cont 'd ) oooohhch ! 72 ext . NORTH valley - day . 72 flor walk to the news stand - as if to buy something -- change she mind and leave the frame only to return a half - beat later where she read to the dealer from a note . flor ( heavily accented ) New York Times .. 73 int . flor' apt . - night ... 73 cristina , stand , translate the review into Spanish for she mother ... as she come to the last sentence . 49 . cristina wow ... " John clasky es el mejor chef en Los estados unidos .. flor ( easily ) ah , bravo ... 74 int . clasky master bedroom - day . 74 the claskys be engage in sex . John 's brief sound be exuberant .. they shift position so that deborah be on top bring deborah into a close single . suddenly she smile fade - she hit the skid . deborah oh , damn it --- what be I go to do ? everything seem so surely pointless ... on JOHN . this be weird . and then the small , distinctive sound of Deb 's climax ... then , in a relatively small voice . deborah' voice okay here ... okay there ... good , good , good . she fall off he ... a arm across she eye , lie on she back down the bed from he ... on JOHN . puzzle over what just happen ..a few false start form he think ... then finally .. hesitantly ... JOHN hey , Deb ? deborah ( from the vortex of depression ) yeah ? he scoot to she side . JOHN you know , I guess I get use to you get a little blue after intercourse ... but during ..?? deborah something else I do wrong . she grab something and start walk toward the bedroom . 50 . JOHN you have gotta stop walk away . deborah ( turn ) if I stay , I will say awful thing to you that I might not even mean .. you pick . JOHN see ya . she exit to the bathroom . 75 int . JOHN be car - day . 75 very upset as he drive . then come to the red light at the end of the street and see flor walk with other . a awkward beat as he wait for the light to change and they acknowledge each other .. the light remain red .. she confer with another woman . flor ( to woman ) yo le칇 la cr칇tica buena . the woman tell flor how to say it in English . flor ( cont 'd ) ( parrot woman ) I read you good review . he nod .. still the light do not change . flor ( cont 'd ) it 's nice . the light change . JOHN not so far ... how you do ? the light have change - car be beep .. she be about to let he go off but realize he will wait for she answer . flor I do fine . he nod and drive off . 76 int . restaurant - day 76 as he enter .... the phone be go off the hook .. as he pass the maitre d' desk . they conversation be strangely hushed and very , very quick . 51 . victor should I stop answer ? we be book for two month solid . JOHN no , no , no , no , no .... I want to keep some walk - in business .. I want this to stay neighborhood . victor impossible . there would be riot .. you should hear the desperation in they voice .. best day of my life . JOHN we will serve a full menu at the bar then . victor then where do I put the people wait for a table ? it will not work . JOHN do this for I . victor there 's no way . JOHN do this for I or I will set my hair on fire and start punch myself in the face . victor huh ? JOHN yeah .. you be right ... that be a unusual way for I to make myself understand .. but you will do the bar thing ? victor yes , of course , John .. 77 int . restaurant kitchen - day 77 peter I need to talk to you . JOHN ah , man .. okay . they walk into the cool room . 52 . 78 int . restaurant - cooling room - day 78 again there be a kind of strange rapidity to the conversation spark by John .. JOHN what 's up ? what 's wrong ? peter I have get a fantastic offer for my own place .. everybody want to back I since the paper come out . JOHN what 's you reaction ? peter honestly ? because I have have this very unusual reaction . JOHN yeah . peter I have have a hard on almost all day and it will not go away . like I be riding on the back seat of a bus with bad shock and every other passenger be a gorgeous woman with a yellow sport top whose lean over . it 's like every dream I ever have and some even I do not have the ball to dream .. JOHN so you be consider take it ?... ( he look at he ) okay , here 's the thing . I can not lose you and still keep the hour I be keep . I can not do my life unless I can hold onto you . ( sudden think ) I think I just give you a incredible bargain position . 79 int . clasky bedroom - night 79 as John and deborah lay next to each other . deborah so you give away twenty percent of the restaurant without talk to I about it . JOHN yeah . if I do not do it - I would have be come home just to sleep . 53. deborah ( try to make livid more attractive ) remember the other day when you ask I the perfect response to something I say ?... I be ask you now .. what would you like my response to be to you give away twenty percent of the business without ask I ? JOHN ( with great enthusiasm ) " you be mar man ! " deborah okay ! so that would be ??? JOHN my dream response from you , yes . deborah ( measure ) I be not quite there .. actually , I just have this flash that the reason woman in the old day use to faint be to avoid do act of violence against man . ( a beat then ) and I be all worried about figure out the timing just to talk to you about rent a place for the summer . JOHN well , I think you get you timing . 80 ext . clasky house - day 80 a man be park at the gate in a open convertible .. he be great look ... we hear deborah 's excited voice over the gate speaker ... deborah be right out ... 81 ext . clasky driveway - day .. 81 as deborah call behind she as she open the door ... deborah ( cont 'd ) Mom , you want to come ?.. the realtor 's here .. okay , see you later . she click the gate open and walk to the man.. perfect 40 year old great look surfer sort .. deborah do the very slight of " take " at he look .. as she get in .. 54 . deborah ( cont 'd ) hi. realtor I be Mike .. there 's one great rental that just come on .. so we be start at the top .. as they pull away ... 82 ext . convertible - day .. 82 deborah 's hair whip across she face ... it 's bothersome . deborah I will never be one of that girl whose hair blow perfectly in a convertible . realtor move you seat forward .. puzzle , she use the electric lever and the seat budge forward .. realtor ( cont 'd ) a little more..just..good . the realtor use he switch and raise he window a bit .. she window a bit less and monkey the position of the half window in back ... deborah turn around check out the odd tweak and then face forward . her hair blow perfectly and beautifully behind she ... deborah oh , you must be trouble . on he small laugh ... 83 ext . clasky rented beach house - day . 83 as they move toward the house ... see the beach beyond . deborah ( cont 'd ) gorgeous , huh .. pretty , fabulous , beautiful . what word be the same in Spanish ? flor fabuloso . deborah ( take it as a compliment ) thanks . 55 . 84 int . clasky rented beach house - day . 84 as deborah , flor and Evelyn enter . they carry box of stuff . deborah ( cont 'd ) I do not care if it 's a rental .. this place be get a fix . she lead flor to a small bedroom . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( to flor with gesture ) this will be yours .. flor do not understand .. certainly do not want to . evelyn do you ask she if she could live in ? deborah come on ... there 's no bus from she to here . there 's no question . double come on ... deborah use she hand as if weigh something momentous like the law versus . the bible then with heavy sarcasm . deborah ( cont 'd ) the barrio - carbon Beach .. the barrio - carbon Beach . what to do ? ( to flor ) do not worry . I be put nicer stuff in here too . when flor give no indication of anything - just stand , somewhat stupefy .. deborah take she by the hand and lead she out . 85 ext . clasky - beach rental - day 85 as they move through a little courtyard area toward the street . deborah you must learn English . why will not she learn English ? I be go to have to learn , " you must learn English , " in Spanish . evelyn I think flor be perfect and we should do all we can to keep she from change . deborah gee , you take the word right out of my mouthay . 56 . 86 ext . pch - day 86 as she lead flor along the highway side of carbon Beach - pass house until she see a Hispanic man wash someone 's car in a driveway . Evelyn be many step back . deborah oh , good . do you speak English ? hispanic man yes , I do . deborah would you translate for I ? he look at flor..my God . hispanic man sure ... forever . he speak to she in Spanish .. a lavish , poetic compliment . flor , in full control , say , in Spanish .. " would you please just find out what she want . " Evelyn join they . deborah wait till I say something before you start in .. ( he look at she ) I rent a house here for the summer and now she must sleep at the house because of the bus schedule . he translate along with deborah 's speech . on flor . stricken . she turn to deborah . flor no .. sorry . deborah what ? why ? flor talk briefly in Spanish . hispanic man she can not because of she daughter . deborah you have a daughter ? you have a whole daughter you have not mention .. how old ? flor twelve . 57 . deborah ( to Evelyn ) it 's a little crazy that I do not know that . the man translate . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( to man ) do not translate aside . the man say in Spanish to flor . . " you work for she ? " -- flor answer , " just tell she that I can not live here . " deborah do not like that the man have initiate more conversation . deborah ( cont 'd ) hey ! hispanic man she can not live here . her daughter . deborah okay .. ( beat then big decision ) her daughter can also live with we for the summer .. the man tell flor.. she answer directly to deborah .. flor ( big decision ) no , sorry . deborah why ? the man ask flor who speak in Spanish .. hispanic man I do not know . she just do not want to . deborah will you please just tell I what she say . hispanic man she say , " I just do not want to . " evelyn if she do not tell we about she child she have to have a deep sense of privacy . we can figure out how she can still live at home . Hell , I do not mind drive she at night . 58 . deborah let 's spare the world you on the road . ( to flor ) well , what do we do ? the Hispanic man translate the last sentence . deborah and flor stare at each other .. deborah 's next word be somber and have enough body language to transcend the need for translation ... the jig be up . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( big decision ) I be sorry , my friend , this be what I need . it 's just for the summer . I do not want to lose you . but .... flor indicate there be no need to translate . a beat . flor ( enormous decision ) yo vivo aqu칇 . hispanic man she will live here . the man say something in Spanish to flor as she start to walk away and she be throw enough by the statement to actually stumble as she look back at he ... then , before deborah can admonish he . hispanic man ( cont 'd ) I say , " God protect you from that boss . " 87 ext . flor' apt . complex - day 87 as cristina , try to suppress she grin , skip quickly down the stair move towards a truck from John 's restaurant . flor follow tight lipped - resolve . they each carry many clothes on wire hanger . a group of girl on the balcony literally cheer cristina on . balcony girl ( accented ) mal -----I------BU ! cristina grin hugely back at they . 88 int . malibu tunnel - day 88 the two woman in the truck and then .. 89 int . truck - day . 89 as the truck leave the tunnel and all be cliff , sand , and wave .. cristina take it in , unaware that she mother 's eye never leave she . 59 . she gasp frequently .. major giant organic gasp of wonder and pleasure .. this be awe as a active physical exercise . the moving shot dramatize the crossroad of the mother - daughter relationship as the two shot find flor become first blurred then lose as we focus on cristina exclaim over each new sight . narrator ( over this incidental dialogue ) the first time one see natural beauty which be own by other confound the sense .. I have never imagine the word " money " could be associate with anything but the anxiety of not have enough . I do not know God have a toy store for the rich . 90 ext . clasky beach house - STREET side - day 90 the truck in the driveway .. the woman walk through a front door into a court yard . 91 ext . clasky beach house - beach side - day 91 georgie , in a swim suit , talk to chum in the manner of people try to excite dog . georgie who want to go swim ?.. yes , who want to go swim ? the dog go crazy with excitement -- then , droll for a nine year old , georgie turn to he grandmother ( who be sun herself and read ) and address she in precisely the same way . Evelyn have a drink in hand .. georgie ( cont 'd ) ( to grandmother ) who want to go swim ?.. huh .. evelyn not now .. but I promise I will go in the summer after next . John enter the scene .. JOHN you want to go swim ? georgie oh yeah , you be off . JOHN what do you think , wet suit ? 60 . georgie wet suit be for wimp .. JOHN yeah , you be right .. let I get mine .. georgie laugh .. georgie ( to dad ) you be good . 92 int . / ext . hallway / patio - day 92 behind flor and cristina as they move toward the claskys and they destiny .... flor behind she daughter . reverse - close on cristina . as she eye pop on see the clasky beach house . very close on deborah as she eye pop on see the stun twelve year - old enter she home , haloed by the sun . again , flor less distinct in the background . bernice , just outside the open patio door , be put on a shirt over she bathing suit as she look at cristina and emit a small , prescient moan . deborah ( to flor ) look at this child .. flor , you could make a fortune at surrogate pregnancy .... flor look to she daughter for some understanding of what deborah say .. flor que ? cristina be as nonpluss by the remark as she mother . JOHN hi. I be John .. it 's good to see you . ( to flor indicate cristina ) great .. deborah ( to cristina ) hi . this be my daughter , bernice .. I be deborah .. and out there ... be georgie and . 61 . as she turn to gesture toward she mother and son , Evelyn have almost reach they .. evelyn I be so glad to meet you . I be a fan of you mother 's . cristina I be cristina . as all acknowledge each other deborah tug at bernie 's top which be half tuck in . bernice ( kid around but right on ) no comparison , please , no comparison . Evelyn shove she granddaughter for the self - deprecation .. flor say something to she daughter in Spanish . cristina my mother say it 's best if we get out of the way and put we thing away . JOHN have you ever be to the beach here ? cristina I have never be anyplace but Mexico and Texas ..... before today . John go to a big toy box and open it up .. it be fill with beach paddle , frisbee and boogie board . JOHN here 's the most important place in the house .. grab this stuff whenever you want . cristina ( delighted ) thank you .. thank you so much . deborah very little accent ? flor ( suspiciously ) que ? cristina ( to flor ) Sin acento . 62 . her mom , not crazy about the lack of accent to begin with , nod . cristina ( cont 'd ) ( to deborah ) thank you .. there 's a a.p. total fluency class where they work you pretty hard at sounding american . flor do not want she daughter to have a extend conversation with deborah of which she do not understand a word . flor cristina .. deborah right . settle in .. cristina thank you . I be thrilled to be here . 93 int . maid be room - afternoon 93 deborah have re-decorate the room with casual brilliance ... flor be tense.. distraught ... she daughter giddy ... excited over the sheet , the tv , the pile of towel ..a chaise .. she go to work on she mother to go swim .... want she to appreciate the fun element of be here ... the spirit of the kid such that flor relent .... 94 ext . beach - evening 94 flor and cristina , two sea nymph , light by the floodlight from the beach home . other angle . John and georgie in the wave .. body surfing ... they get to shore ... John see the two female .. dash in the water in they bathing suit .. he remain hide in a very shallow wave as they run in ... then once they be in he start take off he wet suit hurriedly ... on JOHN .. as he suffer the cold -- georgie enjoy every moment . 95 ext . clasky beach rental - dawn' early light 95 Wave light still shine .. on a dune sit cristina , look out . 96 int . master bedroom 96 as deborah step out on the deck and see cristina . 63. deborah ( in a loud whisper ) hey , cristina ...hey ...hey .. what be you do up ? cristina look around -- then up .. cristina oh , hi.. so beautiful .. I be just excited . deborah I know .. would you believe I have to talk my husband into this ? ( no reply / then more pointedly ) would you believe I have to talk my husband into it ?... do you hear I ? cristina yes ... I just .. ( awash .. a shy laugh ) I do not know what to say ? deborah ( still call down ) do you want to come with I ? -- I be go to the flea market . cristina I do not know what that ... deborah it 's the Rose bowl ... mile , actual mile , of great thing for sale for God 's sake ... we can have brunch in pasadena . cristina I do not want to wake my mother so early . deborah I will leave she a note ... I will 97 int . flor be room - morning - two hour later 97 as flor wake .. look around . flor cristina ? she go to cristina 's bed ... atop the bed be a note . she pick it up . insert .. the note dear flor , 64 . I decide to steal you daughter for a bit . love , deborah with great energy bear of bottled fury , flor begin to go through she daughter 's thing ... find she backpack and extract a Spanish / English dictionary . insert dictionary . as she finger point to : " steal ...robar " and then she flip some page feverishly .. her finger indicate : " daughter .... hija " 98 ext . pch - early afternoon . 98 deborah ( cont 'd ) stop thanking I . I love have the company . cristina it be a adventure which I will remember . deborah you English be genius . do you dream in Spanish or English ? cristina just recently I have have a dream in English . deborah what be it ? cristina I be so sorry . I -- uh .. I would .. I uh , can not tell .. this be so uncomfortable . deborah you could have just say you do not remember . cristina I , uh , guess so .. but I do . deborah look who 's sensational . 65 . 99 ext . clasky rented beach house - day . 99 Evelyn be sit on the patio make sangria .. flor enter . she be piss . evelyn what 's wrong ? she show she the letter . Evelyn read it and hand it back .. she be about to offer something .. flor wave it off and enter the house .. John come in from the beach with he kid .. boogie board ... Evelyn hand he the letter .. evelyn ( cont 'd ) she 's wild - eye over this .. John move after flor as bernie read the letter .. bernice aw , shit .. ( then quickly ) sorry about the word , georgie . georgie it 's okay . bernice you want to know what happen ? georgie no thank you . 100 int . live room - day 100 John enter .. JOHN hey , flor .. she turn .. JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be sorry .. very sorry .. he indicate he watch -- then hold he finger together . JOHN ( cont 'd ) they should be back soon .. flor start to cry . she sit in a chair .. he sit not far from she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hey , flor .. embarrass , she say , in Spanish , to please leave she alone .. she turn from he .. he walk to the wet bar and get a bottle of water ... pour some .. her cry soft in the 66 . background ... he walk to she , sit near she and offer she the glass of water which she take . JOHN ( cont 'd ) deborah make a mistake . I understand how you feel ... do you understand I at all , generally ? be simp치tico the word ? he pat she on the back .. she look at he .. close on flor .. be he come on ?.. her Pov .. his kind eye . full shot .. this be real eye contact .. two vaguely humiliate people find real company for a instant . without think , she duplicate he gesture and pat he back . flor simp치tico , yes . and when he seek to add another pat , he miss , because she be out of she chair ..( this be as intimate as John have be with another woman since he be marry .. ) he call out to stop she . JOHN un momento , huh ? she stop and turn to he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry this be happen . I just want you to know that . I be real sorry . he tap he heart as a indication of sincerity -- then a flash of worry that he have inadvertently come on to she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I do not mean .. he make a gesture of ardent love .. JOHN ( cont 'd ) I mean .. make a person to person innocent gesture .. she find herself smile . 67 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) well , the good thing about be a idiot be that every once in a while you cheer people up .. get to get to work . camera stays with flor as he exit ... think about John 's demeanor , smile again , shake it off as she mind fill with concern for cristina . 101 ext . clasky rented beach house - sunset . 101 deborah 's suv load at the curb .. she and cristina begin to carry thing in ... ( note : cristina 's hair have be restyle . ) 102 int . clasky rented beach house - day 102 Evelyn , bernie and flor be gather in the live room . all stare at she . deborah what ? something bad happen ? on cristina .. enormously anxious on read she mother 's mood . deborah ( cont 'd ) cristina , tell you mother I just play around with you hair .. she can put it back .. no hurt feeling . cristina not right now . flor put a arm around she shoulder , lead she off and speak to she forcefully in Spanish . deborah what ? -- evelyn you can not just take someone else 's ..... deborah nuh-uh , mom..do not go there ..or I will go there and you know where " there " be . Evelyn stop on a dime . she leave . deborah cross to bernice , who be highly concerned about flor , and put a arm around she . a pleasant surprise .. 68 . deborah ( cont 'd ) can you believe what flor be make this into .. shoot I if I ever get that hard to deal with . bernice , unseen by Mom , do a long , mute , mock scream . 103 int . flor be room - evening 103 music in : action , purpose , energy .. flor be dictating in Spanish as cristina write it down in English on a pad . cristina enormously uncomfortable . insert - the pad . the pad , in effect , lend subtitles to flor 's word . cristina wince with the word she record even while punctuate perfectly . pad writing you can not take my child without my permission .. and , if you have ask I I would not have give permission . be this why you do not ask ? because you know this . you have no rights over my private life . on flor .. reaching a decisive conclusion . pad if you have any disagreement with this , I no longer wish to work here . on cristina's look this be awful news . on flor . for a decisive nod of affirmation . she adjust she daughter 's hair to the way it be , take the note and exit . 104 int . clasky rented beach house - live room - day 104 flor enter in something of a fury and hold the letter out to deborah , who hate be cornere in this manner . she actually place she hand behind she so as to avoid the note . deborah what 's this ? flor shake the letter at she . other angle .. 69 . show cristina hide but look on ... like a stage prompter in the wing . flor for you . deborah from ? flor with enormous emphasis stab she finger at she own chest . deborah ( cont 'd ) you be not yourself ... this be write in anger . you sleep on it and then if you still want I to have it -- fine .. I do not think you will once calm and rational think return . just sleep on it . deborah exit to a bathroom and close the door ... leave flor in the hall with the letter .. cristina reveal herself and explain the situation to she mother . the last word we hear before scene 's end be " ma침ana . " 105 int . clasky rented beach house - bedroom - morning 105 deborah surreptitiously finish put on she run clothes and be make for the door when the alarm clock go off and John awaken . JOHN she do not even want we to know she have a daughter - then , on the first day , you take the kid without ask . I think that 's ... deborah ( start to lose it ) what !?! insensitive ? elitist ? irresponsible ? perverse ? dizzy ? JOHN ( slow and emphatic ) Dumb . she look at he ... he have be atypical ... her immediate emotional cocktail be panic , fury and deep , deep hurt . her word be slow ... she voice rag ... deborah when be anyone in this damn house or this damn life go to consider my feeling ? I just try to make a lovely kid feel welcome . there 's no reason to rake it over ... I let it go .. and give flor the room to let it go . which I be sure she have ! it 's over !! so get on board . 70 . she open the door and almost run into flor who be stand immediately in she way hold the letter . flor I sleep . 106 int . clasky beach rental - den - day 106 deborah stand over cristina , who be write in Spanish a note deborah be dictating . as John pass through the room . deborah I be deeply and sincerely sorry to have upset you . especially in light of the deep connection , as woman , I believe we to have . evelyn ( sotto to John ) and to think I be worried about flor live here with she kid ? 107 ext . clasky beach rental - patio 107 John be talk to all three kid in a effort to lift the overall atmosphere . in the background we see deborah hand flor she letter .. cristina take sidelong glance ... relieved to see they shake hand ( flor engage ) , hug ( flor reluctant ) . JOHN so here 's the idea .. I want to make a serve platter for serve fish use sea glass like this .. he hold out some sea glass . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I use to hunt for this stuff every free minute when I apprentice in Italy . this be bit of break glass that the ocean sand blast over the year .. great look , huh ? so you guy go hunt and I will pay 50 cent for any piece , a dollar for anything as big as this and five dollar for any color that be not brown , clear or green . georgie do we have to do this ? bernice ( to georgie ) oh , come on ... georgie and bernice start off .. 71 . JOHN come on , cristina - go get they . her eye widen and off she run , intoxicate with be include and have the chance to make money . 108 ext . beach - day - various shot 108 the kid comb through pebble . georgie become bored and stop .. bernie stop . 109 ext . beach - same scene - sunset .. 109 lot of people on they deck .. hot - tubbing , sun , party .. rich people form New Yorker cartoon in the background as cristina continue to doggedly collect she sea glass . at one point , she come upon a teenage couple make out near a mass of pebble , and politely ask they to roll over so she can search the area . 110 int . flor be room - pre -dawn 110 cristina arise .. 111 ext . beach - pre-dawn .. 111 cristina collect sea glass . 112 ext . beach - same scene - night . 112 illuminate by the surf light of the beach home , cristina plug away . dissolve to : 113 ext . clasky' rented beach house - late afternoon . 113 John exit he door and step to he car .. as he be about to get in .. cristina's voice Excuse I . he look up and step around to where she be ... there be a batter wood table along the side of the house . JOHN hi.. what 's do ? she overturn a large bucket and a small mountain of sea glass spill on the table . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be break . 72 . cristina ( feel horrible ) no.. you do not have to pay .. I be sorry . do not worry , please . JOHN no. I be kid .. instead of a platter -- I will just build a sea glass building and serve fish inside ... great , cristina .. why do not you count it and .. cristina I have ... many time .. I do not sleep . I count . JOHN so what 's the damage ... total ? her eye lock on he . cristina ( dead serious ) it depend on whether you consider this four a color other than green , brown or clear .. she take they from she pocket . JOHN well , this one be borderline . cristina I agree . JOHN oh my God , you find a blue .. nobody find a blue .. you know how a blue happen ? I mean , before the ocean blast it for 30 - 40 year . somebody have to throw away a old milk of magnesia bottle . you know what milk of magnesia be ? cristina unfortunately . he smile broadly . the kid 's a trip . he like she . JOHN so how much for the whole deal ? cristina ( unable to look at he ) eleven hundred and one dollar . he react .. then .. 73. JOHN okay . we will finish deal with it when I get home from work . she gasp .. 114 int . flor be room - one a.m. 114 flor asleep -- cristina awake , alert .. footstep . she hear John enter . she move slowly so as not to awaken flor . 115 int . hallway - one a.m. 115 as she enter from the back room and see that John be walk into the kitchen . her eye go to the hall table on which there sit a fat envelope with she name on it . 116 int . clasky bedroom - one a.m. 116 John enter the bedroom to find a note from Deb that she will be late . he be disappointed . 117 int . flor be room - night - on cristina 117 not aware of be observe .. open the envelope and take out a thick wad of cash .. almost swoon .. as she go about hide it .. she be jolted by she mother 's whisper incredulity ... flor cristina .. she turn ... the wad of money in she hand .. 118 int . pocket kitchen - late night 118 the best chef in America have just fix himself a snack as a salve to he spirit . it 's a little like dagwood bumstead as a culinary genius .. this be a snack we will remember and copy ... John be approach a perfect moment ... and this be a guy who appreciate simple pleasure to the fullest ... 119 int . clasky house - live room 119 he carry the brilliant snack to the live room and be just about to take he first bite when he hear emotional Spanish voice approach . he look up . angle on flor and cristina as they enter . cristina translate she mother 's word . cristina my mother wish I to represent exactly what she say , nothing else . 74 . and so , for the remainder of the scene , flor will speak in Spanish and cristina will not only translate but render she mother 's emotion , sometimes include body language . it be not only a translation but a reenactment . cristina as flor May I talk to you ? JOHN you mean you mother .... cristina nod ... not comfortable break the rule of only speak for she mother ... she face he , she back to flor . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( look at flor ) sure you can talk to I .. cristina begin translate as she mother speak in Spanish .. cristina as flor I do not have to sleep first ? JOHN what 's wrong ? flor wave the money .. cristina wave a empty hand as she speak for she mother . cristina as flor do you give this money to my daughter ? JOHN I make this little deal .. with all the kid to ... cristina as flor ( interrupt ) please .. flor advance on he past she daughter so cristina now translate from the background . cristina as flor ( cont 'd ) you do not tell or ask the mother when you give a child a fortune for look on the beach for stone .. what be the word for this .. JOHN Sea glass ? on hearing the translation of " sea glass " a exasperate flor turn so that she back be to John as cristina admonish he . 75 . cristina as flor no .. not a name for the stone ..a name for the act .. what you do .. on flor .. as she spit out the word to she daughter . flor engre칣do . on JOHN .. as he eye shift to cristina fear the word he will hear . JOHN oh , no .. engre 칣do 's go to be rough . on cristina .. reluctantly take the emotional stance of she mother to deliver the word . cristina ( briefly be herself ) it 's hard to translate . she take half a beat .. find the word and now spit it out . cristina as flor smug. John get up and take a conciliatory step toward flor so that now cristina be in the middle look up at they as she translate for John JOHN I have no idea it would amount to that kind of money .. I think --- sort of top fifty dollar . cristina as flor fifty dollar be a lot of money .. JOHN okay . right . he have no idea where to take it from here -- the two female look as he search for the right thing to say .. JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( sighing to himself ) ah , shit .. that fast cristina translate .. before flor can react . John talk directly to flor.. quiet , compassionate , a bit beat . 76 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be sorry .... I get why you be upset . it might not look it but I be good at get thing . do something about it be something else .. I be go to talk to you before I actually give she the money .. but maybe I should have check before I start the whole thing . ( he smile / they do not ) I know what it 's like when you feel you kid be be mess with .. I get the message . it will not happen again . it 's late .. I be sure we would all like ... flor let it out ... she daughter hard press to keep up . cristina as flor to what .. sleep ? if this be small enough to be help by some little apology , I would be a fool to bring it up .. I need to say more no matter what the result . I need to be impolite . you leave someone else 's child alone . it 's simple , no ? it be too easy for child to feel contradiction .. it encourage question they parent .. and that make they less safe . you wife take she for ride and change she hair .. you give she money . here .. ( this next sentence cristina translate with alarm and add she own question mark . ) take back the money ???????????? flor hand John the envelope under she daughter 's wrenching gaze . they begin to exit .. but flor turn inadvertently bump into she daughter . her voice soften . cristina as flor ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to be angry to you - only emotional .. they turn to leave . John speak with sudden volume and muscle . JOHN what about hypocritical ? cristina turn back..confused..her mother ask she for a translation and she comply .. flor then wear the same confuse expression . 77 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) yeah , you hear I . it 's not like you do not do the same thing ... flor ( hard on the translation ) no ! JOHN oh , yes . so go lecture yourself .. you will not need a translator for that one ... I mean what be I lately ... a recycle bin ?.. just anyone dump in you garbage and hope I make something useful out of it ... flor be confuse and get piss but he be move now and point a finger at she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) yes , you do the same thing ... you think I do not know about alter that outfit for bernie .. she tell I she stuff .... so , be I miss something ? be there a real difference between that and what you be complain about ? cristina wait for a comeback from she mother to translate .. but do not get one .. instead she mother be a bit mortify and considerably humble .. the pie smack into the face . flor Sin diferencia . yo interfer칇. cristina as flor no difference . I interfered . JOHN okay ...... I be still not sure I do the right thing keep it to myself . it feel disloyal to deborah .. but my daughter really need someone to be kind to she right then ..so..so . cristina as flor I be very embarrassed . you be very right . hypocrisy ..y . 78 . JOHN ( something strike he , he soften , disorient ) I will tell you , it 's pretty wild to say something and have the other person just concede the point . I be daze here . cristina as flor I will leave whenever it be good for you and ... JOHN no..no.. come on , man .. cristina as flor but how can I work for you after we talk like this ? JOHN you can not quit even if you want to and you know why . flor no .. JOHN yes , you do .. flor be worried as John look right at she .. be he come on ? JOHN ( cont 'd ) because then cristina will blame herself for cost you the job ... and that guilt ... I do not know if you know about guilt .. cristina do not have to check with she mother on this one . cristina culpa , guilt , s칇 . we know . we be Catholic . flor ( after she daughter 's translation ) culpa , si.. por dios , si. cristina ( on she own ) we know . flor ( big nod ) we know . John gesture that there be nothing to be do . flor nod . 79 . JOHN so , welcome back . she smile .. get up .. extend she hand .. they shake . flor good night , Mr. clasky .. cristina good night as they exit .. they back to John , daughter follow mother ... flor speak to she daughter . flor ( a aside ) no the puedo tener haciendo esto por mis . ahora tengo que aprender ingl 's . cristina as flor ( over she shoulder to John as they move ) I can not have you do this for I . I must learn English now . flor no , dije eso por it - no por John . that translate to " no , I mean that for you , not John . " but cristina do not translate the line . nor .. JOHN you have a wonderful mother . flor que ? cristina nada . 120 int . flor be room - night 120 a Spanish commercial for learn English in a hurry be on television .. flor on the phone order it .. narrator learn English would cost five hundred and ninety nine dollar down and 15 monthly payment of one hundred and ten dollar ... which represent 48 percent interest .. mexican marketing mexican . but not a penny be waste . 80 . 121 ext . mail BOX - day 121 as flor take a package from the box . narrator my mother show a extraordinary facility for learn the language . dissolve to : 122 int . beach house - laundry room - day 122 flor listen to the tape as she do laundry . narrator ..as well as a totally commit , obsessive work ethic , which block out all else .. she be she daughter 's mother . as flor silently mouth some English while listen to a tape , chum nudge she with a ball and , without think , she take it from he mouth and toss it .. realizing , with alarm , a beat too late that she have break the rule . dissolve to : 123 ext . beach - late at night 123 flor sit on the sand ... listen to she tape .. continually force by chum 's obsessive persistence to throw he the ball . dissolve to : 124 ext . beach house - late night 124 as John arrive ... he bump the wall on enter . 125 int . beach house - late night 125 as John enter the house , clearly drunk . there be the sound of skitter paw as chum approach . JOHN ( cheer ) hey , boy , I can use some up company . but chum feverishly dig he snout against a nearby piece of furniture and retrieve a tennis ball and rocket away . John follow , weaving a bit . 126 int . beach house - den - late night 126 as John enter the room to find chum proffering the ball to flor who be watch one of video language tape . she toss the ball without a look or a think .. then start when she see John stand there . he cheer , see she predicament . 81 . when she speak English , at this point , she word be halting . JOHN you gotta do something about chum .. you arm 's go to go . she wave it off and hurry to get she tape and get out of he way . chum complicate the task , proffering the ball . flor wearily throw it . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do not you sleep anymore ? flor no .. you get more if you keep at it . JOHN you be do fantastic . flor now I be like a three year - old . you wife go out . JOHN she say where ? flor no. ( on he reaction ) sorry . JOHN listen .. I just forget she be go out .. do not be a smart ass . ( jolted by he own remark ) uh-oh.. well , you and I communicate mostly in apology anyway .. I be sorry . I should be whipped . I should be stone - it 's be a while - I mean to say , I think , do not be smart , do not be kind , do not be sensitive , do not be beautiful . I mean to say , " hi , flor , good night flor .. that show you be watch be go to be a hit . " he stagger out . flor watch he lonely back for a beat and then urgently gesture chum to join he . chum be reluctant , but relenting , run and accompany he appreciative master . flor , now alone , find herself stare at a frame picture of John in the de . he be young and smile . she study the picture and then blink when she realize she own emotion and purposefully go back to she lesson . 82. 127 ext . p.c.h. - LA salsa fast food place - day . 127 cristina and bernice wait in line at the mexican fast food place on p.c.h. with the tower signature mexican male figure on its roof . deborah be park curbside in the suv . bernice how would you get you mother to let you go with my mother ? cristina well , you mother just say she could use my help on a few errand while you be in class ... bernice nod . then unconsciously moan . cristina ( cont 'd ) what ? bernice no. just that I hate summer school . cristina why do you go then ? bernice ( look at she ) I be not sure I can explain to you the concept of not do well in a class .. in this case math ... and the system kind of insist on the illusion that you have learn math -- so they make you go to summer school .. it help they avoid face that they have fail in they mission . cristina what do you mean they fail ? bernice joke . cristina oh. I see . forgive I , I do not have a real sense of humor . bernice ( look skyward ) thank you , god. ( on cristina 's reaction ) joke ... cristina the joke be ? 83. as they get in the car .. bernice do a little stutter step offer cristina the front seat .. cristina demur . 128 int . suv - day . 128 as they get in .. deborah privy to the conversation now . bernice that you be better at everything than I be ... and I be thanking God for there be this one thing where I might have my nose in front . deborah can not think of what single thing bernice could possibly feel superior about . she be genuinely puzzle . deborah and that thing be ??? bernice deeply resent the question .. she turn to she mother . bernice sexual experience .. cristina laugh . bernice ( cont 'd ) ( ruefully to self ) that one even she know be funny . cristina give bernice a appreciative push from behind . deborah , for some reason , feel she deserve credit for they connection . deborah look at you girl . 129 int . beach bedroom - day 129 Deb work a outfit .. she mother eyeing she .. deborah cristina 's already read , on she own , everything on bernice 's summer read list .. and she 's two grade behind .. imagine if she go to bernice 's school .. and they would kill to give she a scholarship . evelyn talk to flor ... deborah ( sarcastic ) yeah .. she 's so open to new thing . 84 . 130 ext . gorgeous private school - day . 130 deborah and cristina stand in a grass border parking lot ... deborah , feign upset , tear into she bag but she focus be elsewhere as she periodically look off . she be clearly stalling . deborah ( cont 'd ) can not find my key .. another woman , arlene folsom , call to she .. arlene deborah ... deborah ( act surprised ) hi , arlene .. ( to cristina ) come on . they walk to greet arlene . deborah ( cont 'd ) hi. this be cristina .. the girl I be always rave about .. this be arlene folsom .. the school director . arlene hi.. cristina ( Barbara Boxer could not do it better ) hello .. a pleasure to meet you , Ms. folsom . I could not believe how beautiful the grounds be as we drive in . I just think the balance of the building to open ground be so wonderful and must have be very difficult to achieve . deborah smile with pride at the elegant first impression cristina be make .. all be grin ... the two adult suspiciously so ... share they delight . arlene would you like a little tour ? moving camera .. first show cristina in foreground and she Pov of this Drop Dead gorgeous Rich kid School in the background and then we move closer on cristina . we see lust in she reaction . 85 . narrator the experience be literally mind boggle . my mind do boggle . my cranial cell stunne . even if I have enough sense of wonder to imagine such a school exist ; my sense of fairness make it unthinkable that any school could offer this much more than my own .. 131 int . beach live room - day 131 this be the last day of the summer rental - many pack carton on the floor . deborah , flor and cristina engage in a momentous conversation ..( note : throughout the follow , and quite beside the point , we see flor periodically make the motion of throw the ball . but we do not cut to chum , rather we just hear he claw skitter after the ball as we maintain focus on the momentous conversation . ) deborah nuh-uh , flor you be not pin this one on I . I have get to finish pack up . flor ( no longer sure of herself or anything ) I just do not .... out of space this school want she to go for free ? deborah we run into the school head . they want diversity ... cristina knock she out ... I have nothing to do with it . by the way , the scholarship be worth twenty thousand dollar . and early registration be tomorrow . flor it be too far from we home . deborah you could move in with we in town . flor never , thank you ... deborah okay , then do not .. by the way .. the phrase be " no , thank you . " 132 int . flor be room - night 132 flor have she earphone on listen to she English tape .. but she be enormously upset as she watch she daughter passionately pray in English .. soon take off the ear phone . 86 . cristina please , dear god.. enter my mother 's heart and make she understand what this school would mean . flor alright . I look . cristina amen . 133 ext . L.A. public school - flor at cristina's school - day 133 summer session - L.A. public school .. ninety percent Hispanic . through flor 's Pov , the place be see not as crowded and wear but as vibrant with community . 134 ext . private school - flor at bernice's school - day 134 highly anxious and out of place , she see the upper-scale student .. five percent latino ... no brochure can do it justice . overwhelm by the implication , flor 's eye tear . 135 int . flor be room - late night 135 cristina sleep . flor sit on she bed - no think of sleep . 136 int . beach house - late night 136 John enter , home from work ... as he pass flor 's door it open and she step out . before she can continue on , she see Evelyn at the foot of the stair , carry a glass of port . evelyn hi , flor , want some port ? flor no , thank you , Evelyn . evelyn ( go up stair ) thanks for never judge I .. Love you . Love everybody . that 's what 's kill I .. sleep well . evelyn' Pov . she see flor approach John . Evelyn look thoughtful . 137 int . den - late night 137 John be about to pour himself a stiff drink . flor startles he . flor May I talk with you ? 87 . JOHN I ? ( she nod ) deborah will be home soon . I just talk to she . flor I need real talk .. be it okay ? John do not answer immediately . the brief pause be note . flor ( cont 'd ) no ? JOHN sure . flor outside ? private ? JOHN sure ..... ( as they exit to beach with a nervous laugh ) you have I a little worried ... he glance back , hope to have he fear assuage , they be not . 138 ext . beach - night 138 he sit .. she stand , gorgeous .. the wind gust periodically blow she dress against she body . he try not to notice . flor you know about cristina and you great school ? JOHN oh , it 's happen . be it drive you nut ? flor yes , nut . I have no idea what to do . such a important thing . JOHN yeah . flor it 's a good school ? JOHN top . it 's top . flor so you like it ? 88. JOHN no . I hate the damn school . but that 's because they keep send my daughter home anxiety - ride , mostly over geometry .. I mean you " get " bernice .. in a decent world she school should let she know how great she be , right ? flor very right . JOHN so , do not ask I .. I be worried about my own kid there . flor you do not have to worry about bernice . nothing be go to change that heart . he look at she .. out of nowhere overwhelm by someone echoing and affirm he deep most private thought about he daughter .. it be odd .. be this deeply touch before he know what hit he .. he make little adjustment until the moment pass .. JOHN um ..... yeah .. thanks ... ( then ) it 's great to hear someone else say that out loud .. hard to explain . flor I " get " it . JOHN ( a beat .. then deeply , with core feeling , a lament ) ah , man .. flor ( caring ) it will be okay . JOHN no , I be think about you .. flor ( instantly alarmed ) you , " ah , man " be for I ? you think I be in trouble with cristina ? JOHN it 's just tough to be sane . ( more ) 89 . JOHN ( cont would ) to know you be not just make something out of nothing . that when you think you be at some crossroad - you be . flor ( she take this in / nod ) .... I never know a man who can put himself in my place like you do . how do you become that man ? JOHN I do not know ... you introduce two Jews in the desert and wait five thousand year . then , bingo , somebody else who can see trouble come but can not do anything about it . flor I do not understand . JOHN that 's okay . flor I want to . JOHN nothing . I do not know what I be talk about .. a sustained gust of wind which celebrate she shape in a way which can not be ignore . JOHN ( cont 'd ) will you sit down .. get out of the damn wind . she sit . it help . JOHN ( cont 'd ) so you go to send she ? flor I do not know . but it do not feel good . I think if she go there it will be one of two thing .. either she will be odd ... or she will make herself the same as they . JOHN ( in wonderment ) that be exactly the way I feel about bernice go there .. exactly . ( more ) 90 . JOHN ( cont would ) I be not able to think it that clearly ... but that 's how I feel . so between odd and the same ... you gotta root for odd , do not you ? flor yes , you gotta . camera begin to pull back ... early in the move John 's word stop the movement . JOHN this be a crummy summer . flor nod ruefully .. then suddenly off a glance at he . flor not all crummy . suddenly there be a bit of danger .. she rise quickly , change mode . flor ( cont 'd ) thank you , good night . I go sleep . JOHN good night .. hey ? she turn .. JOHN ( cont 'd ) you speak English ... it 's , uh .. flor what ? JOHN nothing . just .... Nice meeting you . she gulp and exit ... as the camera pull back.. end the summer at the rent house ... as we transition to .... 139 ext . big blue bus in motion - morning . 139 through the unusual center window we see flor and cristina . flor , at this moment , be assimilate against every fiber in she body . cristina be excited , certain she life be take a incandescent turn . quite a contrast . 140 ext . stone canyon and sunset - morning 140 as the bus stop ... bernice be across the street , along with some other kid and deborah , who be wear she run clothes .. flor and cristina exit the bus ... 91 . bernice ( call ) you just make it ... I be get worried .. deborah have a backpack load with book which she hand to cristina .. deborah I pick up you book yesterday .. ( by way of explanation to flor ) this be one of bernie 's old .. ancient backpack . cristina take it ... cristina oh , thank you .. as she shoulder it and almost fall over .. cristina ( cont 'd ) ( impressed with the heft ) this be a great school . deborah ( to cristina ) I get you a little first - day - at - a - new -school present ... a school bus appear and head toward they put a certain deadline pressure on the transaction . deborah ( cont 'd ) it 's from I and .... bernice . ( to flor ) okay ? it be a big day . flor 's uncertain reaction be take as a yes . bernice ( dry ) what do we get she ? deborah hand cristina a locket .. then , note flor 's expression . deborah ( to cristina ) it 's from all of we . you mother too . flor ( to cristina ) it 's not from I ... 92 . deborah do a good - nature " take " accept flor 's reaction as if it where a eccentricity .. as cristina and bernice board the bus , cristina generally say goodbye to both woman , thereby deprive flor of she own moment of passage with she daughter . deborah have a great year , girl .. ( for flor ) this be so great . it fill you heart , do not it ? deborah turn and see flor have already start doggedly up the hill .. 141 ext . STREET - hill - angle on flor ... 141 walk up the hill , blink in disbelief at she own fury .. deborah in the background feel a bit abandon .. flor keep walk toward the camera .. narrator there be a terrible crisis which come when you own personality be not equal to the challenge you face . when be who you be no longer work . deborah have start to jog . as she approach flor , she call for a clear path well in advance . deborah Left ... leave . flor do not alter course though she do start to walk faster ... deborah ( cont 'd ) Left ...left ... deborah be close behind now . deborah ( cont 'd ) left ! suddenly , flor break into a run .. she be lithe and quick . on deborah ... a blink of confusion ... then something resembling innate satisfaction as she quicken she gait and ... the Race be on . angle as deborah draw abreast of flor . strangely , she be interprete this as closeness . she be genuinely warm . 93. deborah ( cont 'd ) ( to flor ) why be I not surprised you be competitive ? deborah look up the street at a delivery truck . deborah ( cont 'd ) oh , they be deliver my table . flor stay on task .. force she stride . she just need to win so very much .. that 's all ..to she current surprise , that 's everything ... deborah ( cont 'd ) you be fast .. better pace yourself though .. flor , even more upset and provoke by the word now let it all out ... on deborah .. realizing she may not be a certain winner ... she be concerned as she go after the rabbit . other angle . show the delivery truck as finish line in the distance ... various shot .. flor fuel by desperation . deborah , relentlessly gain , exhilated . the finish .. decidedly anti-climactic .. deborah draw even -- pass she -- arrive at the house with a large margin of victory . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( call back ) I love you for try . 142 ext . clasky house - day 142 she exit into she home . on flor .. bent over , hand on knee , sweaty , gasp for breath . flor finally straighten up and , there be no other course , continue she walk up the hill , to work . narrator when people exist under one roof , a tiny society form .. the stuff of ( more ) 94 . narrator ( cont would ) novelas : master and servant unconsciously dance in lock step so that , when thing go wrong , trauma converge . 143 int . clasky home - night ... 143 as John move past Evelyn on he way to work . she look at he a little wild - eye as they both stand in the doorway . strain a bit for breath . JOHN you feel okay ? evelyn no . I have give up drink . ( he look at she / she sadly nod affirmation ) I have to do it John .. I need every brain cell to watch out for all of we .. give the current climate . anyway . John , I think you be great and I be go to act accordingly . JOHN ( totally confuse ) good deal . evelyn let 's hope . 144 int . flor be apt . - late afternoon 144 flor cooking alongside monica --- a table be set for ten .. a banner proclaim bienvenida , mam치 . narrator my great aunt monica have finally manage to get she mother to Los Angeles and my mother be make a party . 145 int . / ext . deborah' car / clasky home - day 145 bernice sit amidst cristina and two other golden girl as they arrive at the clasky home . narrator I be with my friend who have help I understand real optimism . as they pull in the driveway . cristina and she friend exit the car and squeal loudly at each other with the excitement of have it all . bernice exit last . she be not squealing . 95 . 146 int . clasky house - night 146 as Deb finish dial a call .. cristina look on ... she two friend watch a movie in the family room . a clock prominently read nine p.m . deborah ( into phone ) flor ? deb.. look , sorry to call you so late , but they be still study and I be go out but I promise to get she back so if you want I to cut off the school work , fine ... whatever you want I to do . well , okay .. you think about it .. ( she hold on to give flor time ) and hey , if you be tired , or want to play , let she sleep here and I will get she back there tomorrow . you still want to think about it ? okay .. she hang up ... and exchange a mischievous look with cristina . 147 int . flor be apt . - night 147 as flor hang up .. narrator though it be possible to judge harshly my conduct toward my mother in my first year at school ; almost all professional literature excuse my behavior as developmental , since I be enter a age where rebellion and narcissism be to be expect . and I be be mentore . monica and she newly arrive mother be there along with the bride from a earlier scene and some of the girl who see cristina off to malibu .. woman cooking in the kitchen .. she tell the girl , in Spanish , that cristina may not make it . they be disappointed ... flor think - then say something to monica who nod in agreement . flor exit . 148 ext . / int . clasky front driveway .. night 148 as Evelyn stand there ... a little in the shadow .. her Pov ... deborah somewhat dolled up move through the interior of the house .. 96 . 149 ext . clasky driveway - night ... 149 as deborah leave the house in a hurry . evelyn ( call out ) wait ! deborah turn , startle . evelyn ( cont 'd ) I need to talk to you privately , honey . deborah " honey ? " -- can not now , Mom ... I be late .. I be look all over for you ... keep a eye on the kid . you know my secret cell number . evelyn just give I a moment to talk here .. deborah what be it ? be you buzze ? evelyn no . I give up drink week ago . ( on deborah 's reaction ) yes . nobody notice -- which show I probably conduct myself pretty well as a drunk . but duty call and I be sober so may I say just one thing . deborah one thing .. go ahead ... evelyn thanks .. deborah , you be go to lose you husband and you will never find someone as good . there will only be man who you know be cheap and shallow and have no real warmth in they soul . you may have get by on that surface once but now you have be spoiled by a good man and you can no longer glide on such thin ice . if you do not act quickly you will soon cement a awful fate for yourself . a life , with no hope of repair , which have already begin to turn desperate and dumb . that 's it . drive safely . she grab a deep breath and then turn and walk to the house . 97 . evelyn ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) if we be out of coffee , it 's over for I . suddenly a sharp horn be hear .. Evelyn jump .. then turn to see she daughter call to she from the driver 's seat of the suv .. deborah you have do it again , Mom , make I hate myself .. one of the thing I can count on .. evelyn honey , lately you low self - esteem be just good common sense . deborah consider that last think for a long beat before she drive off .. dissolve to : 150 ext . stone canyon - late night ... 150 flor walk from the beginning of the hill ........ she look off to see John 's vehicle approach .. she brighten .. on JOHN .. who do not see she .. we can see he car 's digital clock read 11:30 . on flor .. as he drive past she . 151 int . clasky home - night ... 151 as John enter .. Evelyn , in a adjoin room , move to intercept he . evelyn ( cont 'd ) John , better wait a minute . but John hear Deb 's cry from upstairs .. JOHN ( concerned ) what the hell 's wrong ? evelyn nothing . in all futility , can I urge you not to go up there . but he be already move quickly up the stair .. as he turn at the top of the stair we see the door close to bernice be room . 98 . on evelyn .. evelyn ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) denouement . 152 int . master bedroom - night ... 152 John enter the room on the double ... pass deborah without know it ..( she be partially obscure by the drape or some such ) . as he pass .... camera hold on deborah.. she be a mess ... goopy tear stain .. see he and he concern bring she grief to a higher ground ... a sinner humble by goodness ..a tremble lip of childlike vulnerability ... JOHN deb.. Deb ?.. where be you ? he be about to leave the room ... she be about to let he but a instinct lead she astray once more . deborah here I be . JOHN baby , what ? deborah " baby ? " stay there , John ... sit down .. I suddenly get what I have to do ... I just have to get the gut . JOHN be it absolutely necessary to make it this ... this scary .. can you just say it ? deborah not so easy . JOHN ( tender / ready for the big heal ) yeah .. come on .. it 's I . we can talk . deborah do I ever hope so ... I have be see another man for the last eleven week and it be nothing and I end it tonight .. at first it be just keep a eye on the real estate market .. then it be ... what ? I be insecure and look for some ridiculous vali ... on JOHN ... 99 . a shock victim ..he hold up a hand to stop she .. JOHN go -- hold on ... hold on ... I be miss what you be say .. you can not just keep talk and expect I to follow it when you start the way you do ....... deborah just what do you hear ? JOHN well there be the crack in the planet . that be noisy ... she look at he ... a solid beat ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) there 's a actual noise in my head ..... no kid .. briefly he do the noise ... deborah ( slowly ) I meet he about ... John hold up a hand to stop she ... he need to gather himself to hear this .. she wait ... and wait ... as he wait he grow flushed and stunne with dread . finally a word .. JOHN you .. she take that as a cue to start .. deborah I meet he .. he put up he hand .. JOHN if you talk that fast ... I will never hear you .. there 's a lot go through my mind .... have you say yet whether you sleep with he ? deborah so far I have just be talk about a flirtation because the really important thing for you to know ... JOHN have you say yet whether you have have sex with someone else ? because I really be miss most of you word . so help I out here .. 100 . deborah I have be try to explain that for the first ten week there be almost nothing to ... JOHN ( sincerely check but wild ) you still have not say , right ? deborah be this you way of ... JOHN this be my way of ... this be my way of ask you whether .. he stop ... staggering on the threshold of a diminish future . JOHN ( cont 'd ) oh man , once I ask it ... give I a second . ( several beat then some conversational good manners for keep she wait ) I be just try to figure out whether there 's any way to avoid know ..no , damn ( quickly close this argument with himself ) there 's not ... ( to she ) okay , you be on .. real short answer , huh ? have you have sex with another .. deborah I know you be very angry ? JOHN ( consider / then repress answer ) ahhhh ... I be get there , yes . deborah ( softly ) John ? ( on he look ) I think if you let I tell you the full everything of this we would be in a position to deal with it better .. because eleven week ago when ... 101 . JOHN you do not believe that I miss you word .. I get three or four top ... and then just see you mouth move with nothing come out and then I spin out and there 's this noise ... but there 's no way to miss a " yes " or " no . " deborah ( blurt ) yes .. JOHN ( core simple / eight year old ) really ? deborah ( this get she ) I make up my mind that I would answer every question you have .. I will answer anything and everything and more . JOHN ( perplex ) what other question could there be ? deborah be you really that much nicer than I ? JOHN well , you do not set the bar real high . he get up and start to exit .. deborah no. please , please , please .. I think if you listen to exactly what happen and then do whatever you need to ... we will .. just let I tell you everything .. the doorbell ring ... it 's quite late ... deborah wonder what 's up .. she look out the window . deborah ( cont 'd ) oh , it 's just flor . 153 ext . stone canyon night .. 153 as flor enter the clasky House ... 102 . 154 int . clasky house - late night 154 flor see Evelyn in the live room . evelyn what be you do here ? flor I want cristina . I want to talk to Mrs. clasky . I want to quit . evelyn I do not think you can do any of it right this minute .. flor oh , yes .. where 's cristina ? 155 int . master bedroom - night 155 deborah can barely look at he ... deborah ... then , when I be drive back tonight after I end the whole yuck thing .. I be feel human . I be do with what 's he name ..a relief ... .. and now it can be like it never happen and then I think that the only hope be that I own that it do happen and that I take my medicine here .. because if I be walk around with what I do and you do not know what I do .. there be a real limit to how close we can be .. you be with I and I be this person who have this bad secret and we be not really on the same page ever again .. so the reason I take this chance in tell -- be because I want we to be good .. I want we to be close . I want to feel like you be not nut to be in love with I .. so what I think be we should talk till we pass out .. talk till we be so sick of each other that there 's nothing leave to do but take the first step out of hell .. so please let 's not leave this room until you have hear and say everything .. please say , okay .. she await he answer .. he have hear barely a few word .. JOHN what ? 103 . deborah John .. JOHN I have get to get out of here .. because you keep talk . ( as she start to follow he ) stay put ! she do . just before he exit . deborah you have get to say something . JOHN you be a terrible wife . he exit . 156 int . maid be room - night ... 156 Evelyn stand in the doorway with flor .. they be look at cristina and she two friend sleep together . evelyn I do not think you want to wake she when you be this upset and the other kid be right there and ... flor make a noise of frustration and retreat from the room . 157 int . entrance hall - night 157 as they arrive at the interior entrance , John come down the stair just as flor open the front door . JOHN where you go ? flor I be leave .... I have finally .. JOHN I too .. I will drive you . flor no . JOHN yes.. come on ... it 's past midnight here . flor if you truly do not know why I say " no " let I at last say the reason . at least that will be a relief . have you no idea that I .... 104 . before she can there be the sound of scratch toe on the floor and a ball come into lower frame with a dog 's snout .. flor lose she think and toss the ball . other angle . as chum , now the only happy creature in the house , fetch it and return . JOHN look I have to get out of here right now .. flor go .. John exit to driveway ... flor make one last toss .. this toss have not make a dent in she anger and frustration . flor ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , chum . another toss and flor follow John out the door . on chum . no longer happy . he have lose he only easy mark . he stare at the close door .. the ball drop from he mouth to the floor . 158 ext . clasky driveway - night ... 158 John be at the car but flor head for the gate . JOHN ( as decisive as we have see he ) I be take you . flor ( with anger ) why ?!? JOHN because if I do not -- I will worry about you and I can not handle that right now , okay ? flor emit a croon sound . flor ahhhhh. ( stunne and worried ) I never make that sound over a man before .. 105 . flor shudder at she own sappiness as John open the passenger door for she ... very much into he own torture he nonetheless grab she arm and guide she up and in .. she catch and appreciate he automatic gracious manners while he be clearly fuck up ... she be impatient with he solicitousness almost slapping he hand away as he make sure she skirt do not get crush in the door .. the frustration roiling in she . flor ( cont 'd ) please !?! mandil칩n . other angle .. deborah watch they ... her Pov . her cuckold husband close the door behind she gorgeous , soon - to - be ex-housekeeper . close on deborah .. she tremble under the force of imminent justice . 159 int . JOHN be car - late night 159 two piss - off people .. jaw set ... breathe labor .. as the car start and flor look back , she let out a guttural and explosive shout ... flor ( a quick and mighty vent ) arrchhhhhyeeeeiii ! for John , the first clear thing he have hear in a while .. JOHN yes ! exactly ! well put ! teach I that word sometime . I can really use it . she nod .. there be almost a moment of relaxation .. then the anger fire a immediate need .. she lean across the seat to deliver a urgent message to he . the word come out exponentially too forcefully . flor I quit this job ! his spontaneous and forceful reaction surprise she .. JOHN I quit this job !!!!! as he turn onto sunset . 106 . flor that 's the bus stop . JOHN I will take you home . flor no . Drop I at a bus . JOHN oh , shut up and stop tell I what to do . flor okay ... then let 's do something besides drive I home where my daughter be not . JOHN okay .. we will do something . flor and I be suppose to figure out what because I be a housekeeper and you do not have to think . JOHN oh , do not do the class thing , man .. you do not know where I come from . flor alright , I know . but I can not be responsible no more for make sure nothing happen . that 's another terrible job I quit . JOHN what be you talk about ? I take responsibility for anything within a block . you have nothing to worry about . that 's my job . flor excellent . so you be go to figure out what we do , right ? JOHN yes. okay . Big man figure out ! flor stop there . she point to a mall .. he look at she and pull in . 107 . 160 ext . mall parking lot - late night . 160 as she leave the car and go into a drug store . John , sober face , look at flor make a attractive and zestful beeline toward a Hispanic market . this could be where it hit he that he 's on a date ... if so .. it 's too late to duck .. 161 int . mexican market - late night . 161 as flor enter the market .. she call to the young shop girl as Marine medic for morphine . flor ( cont 'd ) maquillaje ! CUT to : the shop girl direct she to the make - up counter where she start shopping .. lip gloss , blush , eye stuff .. she start apply it at the check out counter . 162 ext . outdoor mall - late night 162 as she run back to the car . 163 int . john' vehicle - 163 as she enter , there be a fury to she which he almost match . flor this be I when I be not work .. you have never see I ! JOHN well , you look familiar . flor so , ( parody he ) " man , " where we head ? JOHN I do not think I can handle public .. flor yes , no ... lot of people right now be .. JOHN I know . flor you be go to figure this out ! JOHN my place ! 108 . 164 int . john' restaurant - night ... 164 as they enter the main restaurant ... flor I have never see you place . very perfect . he head for the kitchen . JOHN I be go to cook , beautiful . ( on a dime correction ) I be go to cook beautifully . flor hey..please .. he turn . flor ( cont 'd ) we both be not normal because we be angry and we act like we be angry with each other and we be not .. I be not . I be glad to be with you . it feel comfortable to be with you . if I just leave the job and never speak with you it would have be sin . you understand ? JOHN ummmmmmmmm ... yes . he stand next to she and , for want of a better physical expression , pat she on she back .. she eye he , almost critical about the lame extent of he aggression .... he can not quite look at she ... he pat she again .. rear angle.. the PAT on the back . the pat be become a rub .. he cup she back .. slide he hand .. she respond just a bit .. JOHN ( cont 'd ) I think I be invent a horrible new way of make out .. flor not so horrible ..... his hand keep go ..he now hug she to he even though they both still face front .. like a loving couple on a walk to the market . his hand squeeze she shoulder . JOHN my hand be the only sane part of my body .. every other part want to jump off a cliff . 109 . flor ( digging this / almost grow a sense of humor ) if the other hand could cheer up , you could lift I up and carry I off . he laugh . he take he hand from around she . it be a bit awkward . JOHN I do not know how to handle that one . I think I already break my record for smooth . flor I do not understand . JOHN it 's I . I be not make sense . but I can get you feed . he go to the kitchen . she begin to explore a little . she go to a cabinet and open it to find a CD player . she dig in she purse and take out a CD . 165 int . restaurant kitchen - night 165 as John start cooking up a storm ... there be some velocity to he cooking ... he still seethes . then react as Spanish Music start to play . he clear he throat as if he must make a speech . then do so again .. some vocal spasm pay tribute to the increasingly intoxicating tension he feel . 166 int . restaurant - dine area - night ... 166 flor be lighting the candle at each of the twenty table . 167 int . restaurant kitchen - night ... 167 he be cooking .. he be talk to himself . JOHN nothing to be nervous about . you be not on a date ... ( call out ) hey , flor ? flor' voice ( o.s. ) yes , John . JOHN what be you do ? she enter the room ... dance a bit .. 110 . flor just lighting candle and pick music . ( notice he cooking ) oooh . she get up on one of the counter and sit there , she foot dangle ... sing along a bit in Spanish . he be uncomfortable anew . the nervousness mount . JOHN you want a drink ? she consider the question totally .. he be busy cooking .. not realize how weighty she consider he question ... finally aware she have not answer and look at she .. JOHN ( cont 'd ) huh ? she regards he levelly .. then make she decision . flor no . he get out a bottle of vodka . flor ( cont 'd ) I , uh ... do not think you should either . JOHN then excuse I , because if I have the equipment I would inject the vodka . he start to pour . flor wait ! ( he stop ) I think it be so important that we be each clear-head . he look at she ..a beat ... he put the vodka away . flor beam .. we have not see she smile like this for quite some time . flor ( cont 'd ) it be very good that you do not ask , " why ? " JOHN ( quietly ) keep thing real , right ? flor ( impressed ) I would not have put it so well . 111 . 168 int . restaurant kitchen - half hour later - night 168 they sit at a small table in the kitchen .. finish the great late - night meal in the history of western man . flor I will remember every taste .. forever . JOHN tell you the truth .. I want a shot at cooking for you . ( shy / he heart ) I be very glad you like it . flor it 's something watch you . he look up at she ... she have not be see like this for a very long time , if ever .. light up by a man . JOHN well , if it 's anything at you end imagine over here ... scratch that .. the last thing you want to hear be somebody go off on you look . flor do not be crazy . tell I every detail . JOHN okay , flor , yes I will ... they should name a gender after you .. look at you do not do it .. stare be the only thing that make sense .. and try not to blink so you do not miss anything . she squeal with laughter .. he laugh a little himself and in so do lose he courage .. he look down at he hand .. shyness again belting he a good one .. still look down . JOHN ( cont 'd ) look..forgive I .. I be ..... it 's just that you be drop -dead , crazy - gorgeous .. so much so that I be really consider look at you again before we finish up here . flor soon , please . and now he look at she . close on flor .. 112 . utterly open ... utterly optimistic ... the half second before be sweep away . flor ( cont 'd ) right now .... immediately ..we have to dance or kiss . he stand . she stand .. he kid just a bit , clowning at weigh the two option and then : he Pov .. her face .. JOHN no contest . they kiss . flor you sure you be not mexican . JOHN ( smile / he like this ) what do you mean ? flor I mean you talk like a Spanish song . JOHN you kiss like a Spanish fly .. ( on she confusion ) joke around . I do not know what I be talk about ... flor yes you do . she break and head for the dining room . John have a moment to consider .. he do not have he wit about he ..a condition every bit as fearsome as liberate . 169 int . restaurant - dine room . 169 as flor rummages for another CD , enjoy every minute . she place the disk in the player and exit . 170 int . restaurant kitchen . 170 as she return ... flor ( cont 'd ) this song ... you see what a good thing to tell you how you talk like a mexican song . 113. she begin to translate the lyric . flor ( cont 'd ) when I kiss you , entire ocean rush through my vein .. ( he be wildly uncomfortable ) garden of flower blossom in my body . he start to make a comic gesture of awkwardness to get past the event .. she shake she head at he .. drive the word -- point emphatically .. she will not have she poetry laugh at .. flor ( cont 'd ) and you wander along my fertile soil , pick its ripe fruit .. a nightingale undress on my tongue .. and under its wing .. he laugh . she stop cold . look down .. though just second long , this still constitute the first depression of she life . JOHN I be sorry . I do not know what I just take out of you but tell I how to get it back in there .. I be sorry . flor .. I be sorry . close on her .. the downcast eye rise to see he .. flor then respect this . he look at she ... they kiss .. it be a kiss without a author . God at the control . they break . there be a beat then .. JOHN here 's something I never ask anyone .. do nightingale undress on you tongue ? flor look at he with enormous warmth . her arm looped around he neck .. aware of the music . flor do they on yours ? JOHN ( a long beat of reflection / then sincere and surprised ) yeah ... 114 . 171 ext . restaurant - some time later 171 move camera ... the small house turn restaurant .. little flicker of light ... narrator my mother never tell I the detail of she visit to the restaurant . but she often refer to it as the great conversation of she life . 172 int . restaurant - very late night ... 172 they be lie post coitally in each other 's arm on a sofa just inside the dining room .. they be cover by a table cloth . they hold hand above the cover ... each private but still somehow in contact . flor oh , johnny , why be everything so damn confusing ? JOHN culpa . flor 's pleasure zone be rock . she smile at he first Spanish word . she be wrestle with large feeling of pleasure and large ominous thought . flor ( a beat ) be you mind racing ? JOHN I would say my mind have evaporate ... but that there be remnant still stand wait to fall . it feel pretty good . flor like happy ? JOHN like happy . flor you think that will last ? JOHN it 's already go . flor I understand what you mean . JOHN I do not understand what I mean . 115 . flor that it 's get late . that responsibility have enter you brain . do not hide that from I . and really , one large reason we be here be because you respect I as a mother and I respect you as a father .. he be look at she ... she be disconcert . JOHN you be a great and wild mother . flor you be a beautiful father . she look at he .. they kiss ... tenderness ..heat ... intimacy . flor ( cont 'd ) when cristina be young , I would say I want to take any man who want I to the park and I will tell whether I want he from the way he be with cristina . I wish you have be in the park then . ( a beat ) any reaction ? John consider and then the answer come to he . JOHN exactly !.. flor you know , I always think about when you ... oh , there 's no point . I talk too much ... ( a bit of emotion ) ... because I do not know if we ever talk again . JOHN hey , hey .. how do you get there ? wait . flor yes you do . be honest . JOHN I be be honest . ( indicate they body ) look at we - I think I call it honesty . 116 . flor what be we go to do -- go home , let we heart go back in we body , see each other a few more time . make a tragedy out of we .. she kiss he again ... start to cry .... look at he .. emit a small coo sound . flor ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhh. ( sudden energy ) there be some mistake you can not risk when you have kid ... please , be you ready to go ? JOHN ( urgently ) no. I be not . no. ( then ) stay put for a second . stay here . once we foot touch that floor , I be go to get too many brain cell back . so do not be in such a hurry . that floor , flor , be go to eat we alive . ( she settles back / he be energize ) so you think it be a mistake up to now . ( she nod " yes " ) that 's rough . she nod again .. try to gut thing out ... but as she foot touch the floor , she must say one last thing to he . flor the mistake .... I love it . 173 int . clasky home - master bedroom - late night . 173 deborah 's face be bleach from cry ... the tear duct of she now brown eye be parched dry .. Evelyn sit eyeing she as she look through the window at the pre-dawn emptiness of Stone Canyon . in she current shape she would give pause to a staff worker at promise ..a shock victim walk through the rubble after the bomb have drop . deborah 's voice be scratchy when she speak . deborah tell I again why I can not call he on the cell . evelyn besides that he turn it off ? deborah yes . 117 . evelyn forty message start to look needy . deborah mother , you be enjoy this . evelyn no .. definitely not in the way you think . deborah ( staggered ) you be enjoy it ?!? evelyn ( rise / honest ) I be enjoy actually be of use to my daughter . I be enjoy the fact that I really know how to advise you and the miracle that you be so deeply disorient that you be gobble up everything I say . deborah nod in agreement -- then look at she mother in a somewhat new way .. as if Evelyn be a actual person instead of a upsetting extension of herself . deborah ( vulnerable ) there 's one thing I would like to say to you about you and I . evelyn you do not have to . deborah I want to . evelyn okay . deborah ( quite vulnerable and appeal ) you be a alcoholic and wildly promiscuous woman during my formative year so that I be in this fix because of you . it be you fault . I just need .. ( gesture heart to heart ) .. that moment for we . evelyn you have a solid point , dear . but right now the lesson of my life be come in handy for you . 118. deborah there 's a car come .... Evelyn move to she . deborah ( cont 'd ) it 's he ... he 's get to tell I everything .. Evelyn shake she head " no . " deborah ( cont 'd ) ( wild - eye ) yes ! evelyn do you know that right now you be you own worst enemy .. that you can not trust one think in you brain ? deborah duh . evelyn then trust I and only allow yourself to say one thing to he .. one thing ... " I be so glad you be back . " deborah huh ? evelyn yes . deborah ( babbling ) but I have get to know whether he touch she - where he touch she - how he touch she - if they break a sweat --- what they say - who make the first move - how they leave it -- if anyone love anyone or have a intention of make contact in the future - what she wear - how he feel afterwards - whether anyone mention I .. ( a wail ) .. whether they hold hand when they leave .. the distinct sound of a door open and close from downstairs . 119 . evelyn just that word I say . if you want a prayer of come out of this . deborah I know you be right .. but .. evelyn but what ? deborah ( a small voice ) I forget the sentence you say I should say . evelyn " I be so glad you be back . " deborah okay..do I have to wait here ? evelyn no ..he may not come up here .. go to he . deborah why would not he come up here ? evelyn just go . deborah do I need a little makeup ? evelyn you need a hose but you do not have the time . it 's fine that you look like that . it 's genuine .. you can use genuine . deborah thank you , mom . she take a breath exit ... 174 int . stairwell 174 she pause at the top of the stair ..a breath .. then unable to help herself run down they at breakneck speed . 175 int . downstair .. 175 John turn a light on when deborah burst into the room . 120 . deborah I be so glad to see you ( correct self ) .. that you be back . John look up at she - not know what to say ... he be throw . his demeanor have change ... deeper.. serious .. JOHN it 's late , deborah . the wrong word start to form .. she stop herself .. deborah well , I just want to say .. what I say .. she be on the stairway ..he turn to go in the opposite direction . deborah ( cont 'd ) ( way too loud ) uhhhh .. he turn back to she ... she stop herself from straying into untried word but gesture whether he be come upstairs to bed . JOHN ( a beat then ) I can not sleep upstairs with you .. just can not for now . this rock she .. panicked she grab at she life preserver . deborah I be just so glad you be back . deborah 's suddenly classy demeanor provide just the barest of footing for they ... he look at she directly for the first time since she tell he . JOHN yeah..okay . she nod .. then go back up the stair .. 176 int . master bedroom - night 176 Evelyn , who have be stand close to the doorway , stand clear to let she enter . as deborah fly in wildly vulnerable - she breath racing . deborah I be literally choke on unsaid word .. seriously . if this be a restaurant ten people would have they knuckle in my sternum . 121. evelyn the fact that you do not just make thing worse should fill you with hope .. in she current state , she have to process that one .. and do . her breath slow . 177 int . maid be room - night ... 177 the first time we have see this room since flor be work the sewing machine ... John enter . he be down , long and finality make for a brutal cocktail .. he rub he head and sit near the sewing machine .. he glance over and see flor 's Spanish / English dictionary .. there be a knock on the door . JOHN Deb , I be do tonight . I do not think we can jam anything else in . bernice's voice it 's I , dad . he spring from the bed and open the door . JOHN what 's up , honey ? bernice just think I would check that you be back and okay and all . JOHN ( feign innocence ) because ? bernice Mom be cry for six hour straight and grandma be in with she all that time mostly say , " he will be back .. he will be back . " I have get to get back to georgie . JOHN I just hate that you have that kind of a night . bernice it 's good for I to worry about something that really matter instead of the stupid stuff that 's usually on my mind ... JOHN like ? 122. bernice ( a big grin ) survive . JOHN you be fantastic , bernie ... I love you . bernice it 's a slant ... ( pause then ) hey .. I know there 's a lot you go through but I know all along that grandma be right about you come back .. I mean totally know it so I be not that worried . but still I ... ( some emotion out of hide ) I really appreciate it , dad . thanks .... stop stare at I .. what ? you do not know what to say ? JOHN right . I do not know what to say . bernice just what you teach I .. you be welcome . JOHN you be welcome . they kiss . 178 ext . stone canyon - morning . 178 flor purposefully walk up the hill .. 179 int . clasky house - day . 179 as flor enter ... walk through a few empty room .. then once in the kitchen she see the child and Evelyn be swim in the pool ... she open the glass door monica bump into on interview day . 180 ext . clasky pool - day . 180 Evelyn , bernice and georgie be in the pool .. cristina , wear a bathing suit , be on a chaise read ... cristina hey , mom ... be it okay if we do not leave right away ? the other call greeting .. save Evelyn who study the situation and get out of the pool .. flor be awkward .. no idea how to handle this ... so she go direct . 123. flor no ... ( as cristina begin to protest ) no..and we must say " goodbye . " I do not work here anymore . she then talk Spanish to cristina ..admonishing she not to embarrass they .. something about flor be prepare to go nut all over she daughter if she hurt they dignity ... but it be say with total calm . georgie do I have to get out ? flor no , georgie .. stay . I think you be a wonderful boy .. be good .. like you be . there be no monster . georgie thanks .. thanks . okay . bernice climb out of the pool . meanwhile , a flabbergasted cristina be stare at she mom who give quiet two and three word prodding in Spanish . bernice ( severely to georgie ) I can not believe you do not get out . georgie flor say . bernice ( to flor ) I do not want to get you wet . flor get I wet . bernice ( rush to hug she ) thanks . bernice hug she . Evelyn hug cristina .. evelyn you...are ...a...trip . flor ( to bernice ) you be a beauty . amazing girl . 124 . despite herself , bernice start to cry .. moan to herself over the display ... now , in the background , we hear a subliminal human voice . incrementally it will grow louder and be recognizable as deborah call flor from the master bedroom window .. bit by bit , the other will become aware of this as flor ignore it ... bernice go to embrace cristina . bernice my last chance to have some of you rub off on I .. ( cristina do not understand ) I be sorry you be so sad but this could have be so much worse . cristina ( from she depth ) how ? and now deborah call " flor " be get hard to ignore but flor manage .. evelyn ( to cristina ) why do not you run upstairs and say goodbye to deborah ? flor flash a look of thanks . flor I will be in front . upset , cristina run off . she kiss bernice .. and walk toward the house . as she pass under the bedroom .. deborah please come see I . and then a cry cristina appear on the deck . flor glance up and keep move underneath the deck where she faintly hear the beginning of they exchange deborah' voice it 's okay , honey .. we will see each other at school .. I be go to keep a eye on you .. I will . flor enter the house ... 181 int . kitchen - day . 181 she stand wait .. walk to the hallway and crane she head to see into room , wonder if John be there . finally , as she pass the stairwell , she see cristina on a upper landing and say , in Spanish , that cristina should get she thing and meet she out front . cristina , agitate , move off to comply ... then deborah appear in the same spot . 125 . deborah please stick you head in here for a minute . flor nod and start up the stair ... 182 int . master bedroom - day 182 deborah hold open the door while flor walk inside .. then close it . deborah what 's with avoid I , be I this horrible person ? as flor just look at she . deborah ( cont 'd ) I know . it 's a ridiculous question but sometimes I be ridi ... flor no . it 's a good question . a fine question . complicate . ( beat then ) I be just think to answer . deborah oh stop . come on . be not we close ? flor ( like a shot ) no . deborah ( truly hurt ) well , I be very , very disappointed to hear that . it make I feel like a fool . flor ( compassion force a crumb ) we be not close .. but we be connect ... in a bad way . deborah ( strangely soothed ) you know something , I think we be say the same thing ... look as long as we be do closure .. what do you and my husband , John , do last night ? flor pause for less of a beat than we would have imagine . flor I can only tell you what I do . 126 . deborah that will be sufficient . flor ( this be tender feeling ) I become sure of what a incredibly lucky woman you be and I must make myself not envy you which be hard . no , it 's not hard . it 's impossible . now please .. I be exhaust . deborah same here - believe I . deborah would hug .. but it 's only a eighth of a gesture because flor have turn to exit , call for she daughter to hurry as she go . flor cristina , ap칰rate . 183 ext . clasky house - day 183 as she exit the house and move to the gate where she punch in the exit code ... angle on gate as it swing open to reveal John ... 184 ext . STREET - day . 184 as she move alongside he and the gate close behind she . JOHN I be hang out here wait . can not give you guy a lift ? flor shake she head " no . " she look away for a beat so the next thing she do be a consider action . she lean forward and kiss he on the lip . John look at she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) this be killer . ( on she confusion ) incredibly hard . flor yes , cari . . the gate open and a sniffle cristina be hold a armful of loot . JOHN ( read flor ) let she have it .. party favor . 127 . she nod .. bite back some emotion and turn from he . flor cristina .. cristina Goodbye , Mr. clasky .. I be very sorry we will not see each other as frequently . she offer she hand , which John shake while patting she on the back . flor yes . they turn and begin walk down the street . shot - stone canyon the woman walk toward camera , John briefly in the background ... as they begin they walk flor begin talk in Spanish . narrator the first minute we be alone , my mother tell I that I would no longer go to the private school . cristina no. no .. you can not . I will not be able to forgive you .. it will be the end . I will not let you . and then cristina move she hysterics to Spanish as she stop walk and she mother take she hand and pull she along with enormous dedication . camera begins a pull back . cristina drop present .. pick they up ..one of they leave by the wayside .. people notice .. cristina 's conduct violate tacit zone law . closer shot .. so we can see they face in the struggle . 185 ext . bus stop .. 185 as they wait ... flor talk sharply to cristina to control herself . narrator my mother change we life once more . this time because she see in I , to she great alarm , a character flaw of some size . she have teach I to be a watch dog of my character , to control my ambition . I be not quite there . 128. one last yelp from cristina as the bus arrive . 186 int . bus - day . 186 almost empty - it 's Saturday . mother and daughter sit together by the giant window in the center of the bus . cristina eye she mother who be bear she own heartbreak with stoic dignity . the girl be become less inconsolable and more in need of mother . narrator ( cont 'd ) for that reason should you choose to grant I you scholarship my mother , at my request , will be relocate to the New York Metropolitan Area so that she can stay close during my time at Princeton . cristina move closer to flor , who sense it immediately and wrap she in she arm .. kiss she head . narrator ( cont 'd ) I hope my essay have do she justice . I love she with all my heart . fade out .