spartan a screenplay by David mamet copyright ( c ) 2002 by David mamet fade in : ext . wooded hillside . day . we see the draw face of a young woman . camera track with she as she run through the thick wood . she be exerting herself heavily as she move up a steep hillside . she look behind she quickly , and continue . angle , we see a young man , and then another , run through the wood , out of breath . they be dress in filthy bdu 's , and show several day growth of beard . the leader stop for a moment , and look around . the two man separate . angle , the young woman , who have come to a small ledge , over a ravine . she stop , panting , and bend over , to attempt to catch she breath . she look around , and look back , she back to a steep wall , a steep drop before she . angle , the first young man , have come up to the spot vacate by the young woman . in the bg we see he colleague . he look down , and see movement in the brush below he , in the ravine . he start to descend , and then look up . angle , the young woman , pull herself up the steep rockface . the young man regains the ledge and look up . camera take he around a bend in the ledge . stand here we discover ROBERT scott . he be somewhat older than the two man , he be very fit , also dress in filthy bdu 's . he be make a note in a small notebook , which he close . now , the two man look across the ravine at the young woman , see disappear over a ridge . scott ( quietly ) ... you better catch she ... the man look around , and begin climb up the rockface behind he , pull himself up , hand over hand by the root of tree . several foot up , he fall on he back . he try to work himself to he knee and wince in pain . he look to Scott for help . scott ... you dad 's napping on the sofa , you Mom 's watch let 's make a deal , and God be Dead . what do you expect I to do ...? young man ( very weakly ) ... I be tired , Sir ... Sir , there 's no way ... 2 . scott there 's always a way ... do not you tell I there 's no way ... a pause , as the man try again to get to he foot . Scott look up at the young woman on top of the ridge and give she a " hold " gesture . she stop , at he command . Scott nod , as if to himself , and then kick the young man in the rib . the man start , he eye grow , and he get to he foot . scott how ' bout that ? that 's call ' adrenaline ' . you say you want in . he move into the now -stand young man , and hit he , not heavily , but convincingly , several time . scott this be where you get in . the mugger do not care . the shooter do not care ... get up ... or I will beat you to death on this fucken hill ... now : you better catch she ... he motion with he head . in the bg we see the young woman nod , and begin run again . we see she , for a moment , breast a hill , and disappear again ... angle , on the young man , as he look at Scott , empty , now , of self - pity , as if he just realize something . scott ( respond to he look . as if to say " that 's right . " ) there 's nothing but the mission ... the young man begin to climb the rockface . hold on Scott for a moment . int . training facility . day . a large , hand - paint sign hang on the cinderblock wall of the rough building . it read : this be the precinct of pain . a goddess life here . her name be Victory . in front of the sign walk the young woman we see earlier . she be exhaust , she have a towel wrap around she neck . camera take she to Scott , who be hold a cup of coffee , and make note in the small notebook we see earlier . 3. she stand , wait , as she finish he note . scott well do . young woman ( jackie black ) a signal honor to work with you , sir . scott thank you , sergeant . he start away from she , and she raise she hand slightly , to indicate she have something more to say . he turn back to she . jackie black Sir : Day or night . Black or White . you reach out for I . " Black , jaqueline A. US 24191489 . " scott I will remember , sergeant . she nod , and walk off . Scott walk toward a mess tent . he be join by George blane , a very military - look figure of a older man . he wear a informal fatigue outfit , mismatch jacket and trousers , without insignia . Scott be greet by he , as they walk toward the mess tent . Scott show the notebook to blane , and blane refer from the notebook to what we see be a group of eighty young man , in the mess tent , two of they the man we see on the hill . blane take the notebook and walk off , as Scott enter the mess tent . angle he Pov , Scott enter the tent . several of the young man react to he . he nod to they . among they , we see the young man Scott berate on the hill , who rise and come over to Scott . angle , on Scott , who sit , as a uniform man bring he a tinfoil tray with some food on it . Scott take out a stiletto from he pocket , press a button and the blade emerge . he begin to use it to cut up he meat . the young man from the hill , Anton , stand sheepishly near Scott , till Scott turn , acknowledge he . Anton take a card out of he pocket , the size of a credit card , old , crease cardboard : it read , " Rogers ranger , rule for engagement . 1782 " . there be a line draw of a man with a musket , and we read , on the card , beneath it , boldtype rule for fight guerilla style . written on the card , in old fade ink , " sgt . Anton , M. us. 3149584 , United States special force . " the young man ( Anton ) show the card to Scott . 4. scott ( of the card ) what 's this then ? anton it be my father 's , sir . scott he carry it over there ? as they speak , we see , in a insert , the print rule - " date 1759 " . " rule 4 : tell the truth about what you see and what you do - there be a army depend on we for correct information . you can lie all you please when you tell other folk about the ranger , but do not never lie to a Ranger or a Officer " . anton yes , sir . scott he come back ? anton yes , sir . he do . scott ( nod . pause ) well , so . Scott pause again . as he look at the young man , who be obviously unable to express he gratitude , and sense of occasion . scott you carry that card , son . it might save you life . ( Anton nod ) ... you could use it to light a fire , or something ... blane 's aide call the man to order . blane's aide the candidate cadre will fall in on the White line ... the man start to come to they foot , and leave the mess tent . anton I just want to say , sir ... that , to meet you ... 5 . scott ( rise , as he give the Ranger card back to Anton ) you never meet I . you have be up for a week . you be see snake ... the exhaust man come to they foot , and into a line . they be happy , and joke with one another . in the bg we see that who fail the course , sit apart , file onto a bus which have just pull up . angle on a young man , who look out of the window . angle he Pov . twenty or so similarly exhaust man , with dufflebag , be be shuffle onto the bus . angle , on the young man , Anton , as he exit the tent , who stand next to Scott , outside the tent . Scott stand next to a old , but pristine mustang cobra . he withdraw a small dufflebag from the front seat , and look up to see Anton stand next to he . anton ( look after the depart , fail man ) ... I can not imagine how they live with it ... angle on Scott . as he think a very brief moment , as if reluctant to become philosophical , and then turn back to Anton . scott make sure you can not imagine it , cause , if you can , it 's just one step to do it . Anton shake he head , sadly , at the spectacle of the fail man . scott ( pause ) ... they will be back where they come from by Morning , and all this be just a bad dream . anton my name be ... 6 . scott do I need to know ? ( pause ) if I want camaraderie , I will join the mason . ( pause . then , summing it all up : ) there 's just the mission . beat . Anton step away . blane's aide ( as he glance down at he clipboard ) congratulation on completion of this evolution . I know you would probably like some sleep , but I do not think you would mind spare ten minute for induction . the camera pan over the smile face of the eight very proud young man . angle on blane and Scott , off to the side . Beyond they , we see the bus hold the fail candidate , fill up . blane thank you , Bobby . scott not at all , Sir ... blane ... you go home ? scott ... weather permit , Sir ... blane's aide ( in the distance . as camera track with blane and Scott ) ... as I call you name : ( he consult he clipboard ) grossler , Anton ... this two man step forward . angle , on Anton , nodd to himself at the proudest moment of he life . angle , cu Scott , look at he . 7. camera take blane and Scott into a cinderblock building which house a shoot range . we see various housefront , and storefront , and target . a long table along one wall hold a coffee urn . blane draw two cup of coffee . through the open door we see Anton and grossler , smile , enter the building . Anton come into the room , and smile at Scott . we see Scott look away , sadly . he share a look with blane , drain he coffee cup , crumple it , throw it away . blane gesture to Scott , meaning , " shall we begin ? " Scott hesitates for a moment , and then nod . focus . angle , on Scott , in the bg , as blane step forward to address the two candidate . blane ( over he shoulder , to a aide ) ... would you bolt the door , please ...? Scott gesture to the aide , " one moment " . blane ( to the candidate ) ... be you tired , gentlemen ? ( the two young man smile ) this be the completion of the evolution : ( beat ) only one of you may join the unit . the first man through that door will be induct . he gesture at a far door in the room . angle , on Scott , as he look at the candidate , as they get the picture . beat . scott ( to himself , quietly ) ... yeah ... you want to know the ' secret knowledge ' ... cu Scott as he look , interrogate the two man , weigh they , as they look at each other . beat . grossler start to advance on Anton , in a fight crouch . Scott gesture to the aide that that be what he want to see . 8. the aide let Scott out of the back door . ext . cinderblock build . day . Scott , shower , in civilian clothes , a lumberjacket and jeans , come out of the building , carry a small , yellow duffle - bag . he open the trunk . he take the yellow bag , and put it into the trunk which we now see contain woodwork tool - old level and plane and saw . he close the trunk . we see the young woman from the first sequence , now in civilian clothes , confer with a colleague . she nod at he , and he respond . as he start to get into the car . a squad of exhaust man be march past . as they come to a halt one of the man turn in the direction of Scott . drill instructor ( to that man ) what the hell be you look at ? there be not nobody there ... ext . construction trailer . dusk . a young worker in a hardhat , by a large gravel pit , at which we find several earthmover , idle . he be stand by a high chainlink fence top with barb wire . angle he Pov . some half - mile away , the mustang , head in he direction on a rough road . the young worker open the lock on the chainlink fence and swing it open . we see a sign " mcgarrity construction company " on the gate . the young man walk back toward a construction trailer . we see a red light blink on a telephone on top of a litter desk . the young worker enter the trailer hurriedly , and open a cabinet which we see contain several assault rifle , and grenade . another phone , its red light blink , be find in the cabinet . the young worker pick up this phone quickly . young worker ( into phone ) ... frontgate ... we see he face grow serious , as he begin to write on a pad . int . mustang . day . Scott , drive , come around a bend . 9 . angle he Pov . the construction trailer up ahead . we see the young worker come out of the trailer , and stand in the road give a " stop " signal to the car . angle ext . the car . we see Scott bring the mustang to a stop , and get , inquisitively , out of the car . we see the young worker run up to he and hand he a sheet of paper . Scott take the paper and begin to read . he look up , to ask a question of the young worker . we see the worker begin to respond , he body language say " that 's all I know . " as he start to speak he word be drown out by the sound of a helicopter . Scott look up . angle he Pov . a helicopter , fly low . angle int . the helicopter . a man in civilian clothes point out Scott , on the ground , to the Pilot . through the canopy we see Scott and the construction canopy down below . the helicopter go into a tight turn . angle Scott . above he , the helicopter go into its turn , and begin to descend in a field some fifty yard away . angle , the sheet of paper Scott hold . be read : " all hand . " over the throbbing of the helicopter , we see Scott give direction about the car , to the young worker . camera take Scott to the trunk , which he open , and from which he retrieve he gym bag . he hand the key to the young worker , and take off , run , to the helicopter . angle , on Scott , as he be pull up aboard , and the helicopter take off . angle , over the worker , watch the helicopter disappear . int . helicopter . night . Scott , asleep . as the helicopter bank low over the Charles River and Harvard College . a crewman shake he awake . angle , ext : the helicopter descend into the field of a football stadium . a black suburban be wait . ext . boathouse . charle river . night . see through the windshield of a car . angle , a black , government suburban pull outside the boathouse . we see scaffold be erect outside the main entrance . 10 . Scott and several type in suit get out of the suburban , and proceed toward the door , over which be hang a large , paint-spatter drape . a sign on a stanchion read " temporarily close for repair " . angle , int . the boathouse . the group push through the drape , beyond which we see several man in suit , hold assault rifle . a older government type , miller , follow by a aide , walk up to meet the group , the aide motion to the armed guard that Scott be to be admit , that he be " okay " . Miller gesture to Scott that it will just be a moment . the aide hand Scott a sheaf of papers , and lead he through the boathouse . we see the long skiff up on they rest , the Charles River beyond . angle on Scott . as Scott look through the papers . around he we see communication equipment be hurriedly assemble . angle insert . the top sheet show a color photo of a phenomenally lovely redhead girl in she teens . as Scott talk , he leaf through the sheet to reveal several photo of she and a man , obviously she father , hold she hand . one be a print of a glossy magazine article . scott ( of the photo , nodd to himself , as he read ) " ... Betty coed , have hair of red for Harvard ... " aide ( of the top photo ) it 's not current . scott why not ...? angle on they as they arrive at a small equipment room . through the door we see a young government type , gaine , he suitcoat off , he shoulder holster empty , be interrogate by several colleague . aide it seem she get a makeover today . we be work on it . he hand a small log book to Scott , and point to a entry . Scott look down the entry , and glance up , now and then , at the man be interrogate . 11 . scott ( read ) 4 pm . cut and curl ... aide gave she a crewcut , dyed it platinum blonde ... scott ( glance up at the man in the chair ) met with she boyfriend at ten . then ...? the aide shrug , meaning , " that 's it ... " scott ...he 's on Post until he turn she over to the nightwatch ...? aide he say he be ... scott who else you get ...? Miller gesture to a associate , who come forward , pass photo to Scott , as Miller go to look through the glass at the young man be interrogate . aide ... we get the boyfriend , Michael blake . scott ... where be he ...? we be show a photo of a ivy League preppy chap around 18 . he be on a sailboat . aide be not in he dorm last night , we be shaking the tree ... and ... ( Scott be pass another photo ) Professor Gerald sloane , notably chummy with he female student , of which she be one . weekend home , martha 's vineyard ... scott ... for sure ...? 12 . aide be there since Friday . we see a photo , obviously from a school catalogue , of a youngish bearded man , in front of a blackboard . we see Miller in the bg finish he meeting and turn to the group . miller I be light . I be light , people ... I need another team on the Professor , I need a overwatch on the boyfriend ... the aide hand he a sheet of paper , obviously a roster . Scott , look at the board . he put down he head for a moment , and blink he eye , try to clear he head . miller you just come from the cadre . scott yes sir . miller how long since you have sleep ? scott not significant . miller you take a team , and bulldog . be you up for it ? scott ( absently , as he look over the material he have be give ) Sir , " this Marine piss av gas and fart blackpowder , Sir . " miller thank you for come , Bobby . scott be you kid , sir ...? a associate come over and hand he a piece of paper . Miller shake he head . miller I do not have the body . call they in ... call they in ... 13 . angle on Scott . cu . as he watch the interrogation of gaine in the next room . the young man begin to pick up he coffee cup , and we see that it shake . angle on Scott , as he gesture to Miller to look through the glass , at the young man be interrogate , who be now see to be wiping he brow , and shaking he head . the young man try to take a sip of coffee , and spill it , inadvertently , down he shirtfront . Scott exchange a glance with Miller , and walk into the equipment room , to the interrogation . the man be interrogate , the government type , gaine , be in he early thirty . he be sweat and obviously frighten . a aide come and stand by Scott . aide ( whisper ) his post be Harvard yard . Harvard yard , Northeast corner , lowell House , across from she dorm . nightwatch relieved he there , Midnight ... angle , on Miller in the interrogation room . Miller nod to Scott , meaning " you know what to do . " angle on gaine , as Scott enter , the interrogator step back for Miller , who be obviously they superior . he motion they to continue . camera hold Scott throughout the follow interchange , with the suspect and questioner see reflect in the glass of the door . interrogator once more : gaine she , uh . she have lunch with she father . interrogator lunch with she father - you seconded to that detail ? gaine no , sir . I just have she . interrogator " ... you just have she ... " gaine i. uh...uh . I have she all day . tucked she in . at ten. and she ... 14 . interrogator ... yeah , " she have a tiff with she boyfriend ... " gaine yes . I ... interrogator Michael blake - ( he hold up a photo of a preppy fellow ) miller what be it about ? gaine I think it be about she ...her ... ( he make gesture of haircutte ) miller her haircut ... ( gaine nod ) so it be not a serious ...? gaine no , no. ( pause ) no. ( pause ) and then I , ( he cover he mouth as he speak ) I hold the post until relieved ... ( he gesture at he notebook , as if to support he ) Miller motion at Scott . miller well , then , we have get a little problem . gaine ( shaking he head in denial ) I be there . 15 . miller ( read ) 23.12 hour , 19 may. Harvard yard , Northeast corner , lowell House , reveal no secret service presence , neither this post nor adjacent ... ( he look through he note ) ...a second tour , 23.30 , reveal , similarly ... gaine I be there , Sir . miller ( to gaine ) who 's lie ? ( pause ) you or he ? ( pause . gaine slightly avert he head . ) angle on Miller , who give a infinitesimal sign to Scott who step forward and slap gaine across the face . scott you son of a bitch , I have get fifteen year in , and three kid , and you be gonna sit there , and lie away my pension ... he make a move toward gaine . gaine I ... scott ... do not you tell I you be there ... gaine I be on Post ... scott ( as he move towards gaine seriously ) ... you lie swine ... do not you tell I you be on Post ! Miller gesture to a couple of the type who take Scott out of the room and sit he forcefully , in a chair ... caution he to stay still . 16 . Miller now stand by he . hold on Scott who use the pause to review the document he hold , the photo of the girl , of the boyfriend , of the Professor . he pick up another glossy magazine show the redhead girl - the caption read " America be see Red " . interrogator shall I tell you what 's gonna happen to you , when we find you out ? gaine ... I ... ( he get up and walk , wearily , toward the window , and turn ) I ... uh ... interrogator be you fuck she ...? ( pause ) we be gonna find out ... gaine no , I ...um ... interrogator ... where be she ? Scott turn , to Miller , who be see , beyond the door , in conference with several government type . Scott leave the room , and be see , on the outskirt of the conference . miller we have get until she Monday Morning class , and then it 's meet the Press ; and " where be she ...? " ( he shake he head ) who 's get the Professor ...? where be he ...? a agent martha 's vineyard . miller who 's get he ? a agent Jones and Shannon . 17 . throughout this section camera hold Scott . as he look through the file , the various photo , and notation , and take note in as small pocket notebook , in which we also see the small cardboard card of " Rogers ranger rule of engagement " . miller ( to the group ) wake he up , shake he up . he do not want to talk ... ( he hold out he hand , and a aide put some papers into it ) here 's what we have he do with he female student , show them to he wife ... the photo ...? ( one of the agent bring in two photograph ) here be the last know photo ... of the girl . hold on Scott , at the back of the group , take note . we see he hold several newsclippings . one of they show the girl , and the headline read " America be see Red . " we see the photo blow up , of the ravishingly beautiful young girl with long red hair . it feature a small , red enamel crescent earring . the second photo show the same girl , in the same pose , but now she hair be short and platinum blonde and spiky . the agent open two box and begin distribute the photo to the group . miller the lab run it up , base on the testimony of the beauty shop . we have not tell Boston or Cambridge PD , nor have we ... a agent come up and hand he a sheet of paper . a agent the Professor ... miller ( to the associate ) you have he in he home ... a agent Sir , we be in error , we ... miller where be he ...? 18 . a agent best guess put he on he boat . last see out of West tisbury , martha 's vine ... miller find he . put the guard on he . get I a overflight . ( generally ) I be light , I be light , people . ( he point to a associate ) shake the tree . I be light , here ... I be 25 man light . get them in . who 's get the coastguard ... what 's the name of he boat ? Professor Gerald sloane ... a aide come in , hurriedly . aide it 's the boyfriend . he 's move ... Miller point at Scott , who rise . scott I have get he ... miller ( come over to Scott ) ... I have get two day to run in . before the Press wake up . scott ( as he respond to the inherent request in Miller 's voice ) whatever it take , sir ... Miller nod he appreciation . Scott exit , and we hold on Miller give order to he group . ext . harvard yard . night . two student , walk through the yard . they acknowledge a uniform security guard , who walk , with he back to we . a slight , asian young woman , she arm full of book , walk toward the camera , hurry . she indicate something , back over she shoulder , and the guard , who be in front of the camera , walk away , veer off in that direction . 19 . ext . vestibule , harvard dorm . night . a young man ( michael blake ) be , furtively , work on jimmying open one of a set of mailbox . he sense something , and turn . angle he Pov . the Security Guard ( Scott ) stand just beyond a glass door , look in at he . Scott enter , come to camera . scott could I see you hand , son ...? the Boy , blake , move he hand away from he body , to show a screwdriver . Scott motion he away from the mailbox , which we see be in the process of be demolish . Scott read the name on the mailbox . scott L. Newton . ( pause ) you lose you mailbox key , Mr. Newton ...? ( pause ) blake um. scott you a student here ? blake yes . scott could I see some identification , please ...? Mr. Newton ? ( Scott take out a walkie and begin to talk into it ) ten- twelve patrol , request ... blake no , please ... please ... ( pause ) please , oh , God . he start to advance on Scott , who draw a nightstick , and keep he at bay . scott calm down , Son . it 's gonna be what it 's gonna be ... 20 . blake one minute , could I please talk to you for one minute ... look look look : I break up with my girlfriend ... angle ext . the vestibule . the young asian girl , now walk with a male friend , pass in front of the vestibule . Beyond they we see blake and Scott , as blake motion to the mailbox , and move to the mailbox and take out a letter . angle int . the vestibule . on Scott , as he watch blake take a letter out of the jimmied mailbox . scott ( of the letter ) Laura . ( he reread the nameplate on the mailbox ) Laura Newton ? ( pause ) Laura Newton ? be that ' the' Laura Newton ...? blake we break up . alright ? Laura Newton . they know who I be . scott who ? blake the secret service . scott the secret service ? blake that 's right , that 's right . they know who I be . you ... they have " clear " I . scott ( gesture to the jimmied mailbox ) they do not clear you for this . blake you , you hear I out , and , if you want to , then ... ( pause ) okay ? okay ??? ( pause ) 21 . scott I have to call it in . blake please ... please . five minute ... that 's all I want . please . please ... she would ... she ... ( he face brighten at the new idea ) maybe she 's in she room ! scott you try the bell , you call she ... blake ( as it dawns on he ) maybe she 's ill ... int . corridor , harvard dorm . night . blake and Scott , as they walk up to a door . Scott knock on the door . scott ... mzz Newton ...? ( pause ) mz Newton ... this be campus Security ... he begin to fumble with key at he belt . angle int . the room . several agent , obviously involved in investigate the room , wear plastic glove , stop . one , silently , unlock the door . we see Scott enter the room , " miming " use a key , and turn on the light and look inside . we take he to she desk , where he find several photo of she and she father - and a note on he desk , read " dear dad - thanks for come - sign % - ) " . we see the boy , blake , out in the corridor , unable to see into the room . scott mz Newton ...? ( pause ) angle , in the hall , as Scott and blake stand there , a young girl come down the hall and stop , opposite she room . 22 . young girl hey , Mike . sprise to see you there . ( smile ) that be some vicious performance ... she smile brightly and go into she room . Scott look at blake . ext . harvard yard . night . blake and Scott sit on a bench in the desert yard . Scott hold the envelope and the letter , on which we see this symbol % - ) and begin to read : " this be a sham . you view of the world be not cockey , but corrupt . you cunt . and you deserve everything that be go to happen to you ... " blake ... I be just ... try to retrieve the letter . angle , on Scott , as he look at the letter . scott ... this be not very nice language . ( pause , blake look away ) how old be this girl ? blake she 's ... just turn 18 . ( Scott shake he head , sadly . pause ) I be mad . scott ( of the letter : ) ... " everything that 's go to happen to she " ... what be go to happen to she ? ( pause ) you hurt she ...? ( pause ) do y'hit she , son ...? blake hit she ? no. I ... ( he gesture to the note ) I call she ... I call she a whore ... I ... scott why ...? 23 . the boy bang he head . Scott , as he rise , bring blake to he foot . scott ( as if realize " this be the question " ) where be she ? blake ( as if the question have not occur to he previously ) she must ... she must ... she must have go home ... scott why ...? blake ( gesture around , quietly ) because the secret service , be not ... as they walk by a park van , we cut inside the van . where we see a secret service type . through the windshield we see Scott gesture " do not intervene . " angle , on Scott and blake , as they walk down the near - desert mass Ave . scott ( of the sign on the letter , the " Picasso " sign , that be %-} . he turn the sign rightside up to show it be a ' cockey smile ' ) what be this sign ? blake it 's how she sign she letter . ( smile ) Cause she look at everything cockey ... like Picasso - she say they call she " Picasso " . ( pause ) scott who call she that ...? 24 . blake you know , she , she ... ( remember ) he see she yesterday ! maybe she 's ... maybe she 's with he ! scott why would you fight with she , Son ...? blake ( pause ) she , uh , she get she hair do ... she cut it off . she dyed it blonde . I say she look like a slut ... and ... ( pause ) scott beautiful young girl like that . we have all see she picture . what would you care how she dyed she hair ? ( pause ) what would you care ...? why 's that make she a slut ...? ( pause ) blake she ... ( pause ) uh ... scott she see another fella ...? ( as he move closer , confidingly ) ... just between we . off- the - record , son ... angle , int . the van . we hear the conversation , and see the tape machine move . scott ( v.o. ) ... I be young once , too . blake ( v.o. ) I ... angle ext . the van . blake and Scott . 25 . scott I know that nothing hurt worse than that . she see another guy ...? blake I ... ( pause ) there 's this , um ... teacher ... I should not , I , I should not tell you this : she ... scott she sleep with a teacher ...? blake she say she be not . I say she look like a slut . she want to fuck old guy , she should go to the Regency . go all the Way . scott the Regency , what 's that ? blake ( as if everyone know this place ) s' the Club , by the Fenway ... it 's like a joke at school , it 's like a rumor : this or that girl , make a thousand buck , go with a businessman for one night ... look : it 's a lover 's quarrel . I say something I regret . I send she a note which I regret , and I assure , you , Officer . if ... ( pause ) if you would ... angle . from inside the windshield of the van we see , through they body language , that Scott be " give the boy a break " , the boy be very thankful . Scott be admonish he and the boy be contrite . now Scott begin to walk away , and we see he minutely , signal to the van , we see the driver of the van pick up a phone and speak softly into it . angle , Scott , walk down a sidestreet . the boy in the bg , we see the young asian girl , take up a tailing position some half - block back of the boy , as a car glide to the curb . and Scott get in . angle , tight on Scott in the car , as he rub he eye , beyond exhaustion . the car pull away . 26 . he give several instruction to the young man drive , and then lean back , eye close . he open he eye again , and we see he mouth , insistently , " the Regency " . the driver nod . int . boathouse . night . as Scott enter . the activity be more widespread than previously . a agent walk he into the fray . agent no morgue . no hospital . no note . scott the parent ? agent , nod , shrug . agent the mother , ( make a " drink " gesture ) you know where she be ... he 's hold up ... ( as a afterthought ) he be in town yesterday . to see she . scott ( as he shake he head - to clear it ) he be ? agent ... we snuck he in , and out . we see Miller , in the bg , in a hurried conference , nod at Scott . miller ( look at a chart ) " the colophon - 36 - foot sloop " . where be she ...? they walk off , a aide talk to he . aide ... the Coast Guard have a watch over this area : ( he point to the chart ) and they have schedule the colophon first ... Scott and the agent stop in front of the interrogation room , where we see the agent , gaine , a guard over he . gaine be sit , look as if he have be weep . the guard address Scott and the other agent . 27 . guard he cop to it . scott he cop to what ? guard ( of gaine ) off-post - punch out early to go boffing he girlfriend . Scott shake he head as if to say " how about that ... " the agent hold a photo of a very lovely eurasian woman in a business suit , and show it to Scott . agent hope she be worth it ... scott uh huh . Scott stand wearily , watch several large man berate the seat secret service agent . a agent appear with a tearsheet show the ad for " the Regency Club " . we see the ad for exotic young companion , and the address be Boston . Scott give instruction to the aide . angle int . washroom . Scott , have stripped off he shirt , be wash himself at the sink . the " Regency " ad , and a description of the club be paste with water to the mirror before he . we read , in the mirror : " regency . 243 Charles Street , Boston , mass. owner of record ... " et cetera . in the mirror we see the aide bring a fresh shirt and a tie to Scott . Scott turn , as the door swing , and he see , in the bg , anton , just enter the establishment . angle int . the boathouse . a swat team be lay out its weapon and assault gear , on a long table . hold on Anton , who be stand , unassign , and look it . we see , on a improvise bulletin board , photo of the Boy , blake , the Professor , and the girl , blow up from a newspaper shot , and in various photo . as we watch a agent walk up with a box full of photo , and tack one up on the board . it be a alter shot show the young girl with short , spikey platinum hair . angle on Scott , dress in a clean shirt , a tie , as he take a photo from the box . we see he put it next to the original , blonde photo , and look at both . 28 . agent we run it up from a description of the colorist from the beauty parlor ... scott gimme you coat . the agent take off he suitcoat , and give it to Scott , who put it on . angle , on Scott , as he hold the photo , and the Regency description . he walk toward the door , through the mass of agent . he stop by Miller , who be on the phone , look at a photograph of the Professor , as a tech hook up a video feed of a house on the water , the Professor 's house . a photo of a sailboat be tack up . we read ' the colophon ' on its stern . scott ( to Miller ) I need five thousand dollar . Miller gesture " just a moment " , and then wave to a aide , meaning " do it " . scott how long do we have ? Sir ? miller ( shake he head ) it hit the papers , and we be do . scott no ...note ? no ... Miller shake he head , he hold up the " Regency " note ... scott ( nodd ) I have get it ... ( to Miller ) can I have some backup ? Miller , gesture around the room , meaning " what you see be what you get " . all the occupant of the room be engage on some task , save Anton , who sit alone on a bench . Scott look at Anton , who glance at Scott , try to keep the appeal out of he glance , " please take I " . scott ( to Anton ) we be scraping the bottom of the barrel here , be not we ? 29 . anton yes . sir. Scott look at Anton and shake he head . he be summon to the front of the room by a young woman , who be put cash into a envelope . Scott come over to she , and we see she fill out a slip of paper . she hand he the cash in the envelope , and the slip of paper . young woman I need you to sign it . scott you sign it . ( he scan the room again , shrug , and motion to Anton ) come on , wallflower ... ( Anton rise and walk over to he ) Scott turn to Anton . scott now : you mouth shut . you eye open , and form on I ... here 's where we be go ... there be the sound of a gunshot . Scott and Anton instinctively take cover against the side of the building , draw they sidearm . hold tight on Scott . as he look through the half - open door . we see several of the swat man , take up position , one of they kick open a door , and he partner enter . pause . we hear the partner call " clear " . angle , on Scott , as he re-enter the building , and proceed , pistol out , toward the room . angle he Pov . on the floor , we see the dead secret service agent , a pistol in he hand . we see Miller turn to he team . a agent kneel to the fall secret service agent , and prod a small hideout pistol from he hand . Scott turn to leave , and see Anton stand next to he . 30 . scott do not look at he . do not look at the down man . he 's dead ... ( as he turn he back on the scene ) kick the fool overboard ... angle on Anton and Scott as they leave . in the bg we see Miller et al . Miller give direction . miller ... who be the girl he go to see ? get she in ... the girl he be fuck ... who 's get the coastguard ... tight on Anton and Scott as they exit the building . scott I would hate to be the lucky duck who frisk he ... ( beat ) anton he be off - post when they snatch the girl ? scott ( as he look at the fall agent ) yeah . well , apparently , he feel bad about it ... ext . regency club . night . a garish neon sign , beneath which we see a couple exite , get into they limo . Scott , in he sportcoat , walk up to the large and threaten bouncer at the velvet rope to the club . we see the bouncer bar he way , and gesture to he watch , meaning " close up " . angle INS . two one - hundred dollar bill be pass to the bouncer . angle , Anton , in a cab across the street , look on . angle int . the regency club . several well - dress couple be leave . a group of raucous , drunk businessman type push past they . Scott walk up to the bar . the bartender be beginning to ring out the cash register . in the bg we see a manager eye Scott , and continue to direct the close operation . 31 . bartender close up ... ( he point to he watch ) can not sell you booze after 3 am . scott ( lay money on the bar ) no , no . I just come buy to pay you that money I owe you . he gesture to the bill on the bar . the bartender swoops they up , and gesture to the back bar , meaning " what will you have ? " Scott point to a bottle of bourbon , the bartender pour for he . scott ( as he drink ) ...how about they Sox , huh ...? bartender yuh . whaddaya gonna do ...? scott " curse of the bambino " . bartender ... that 's right . ( pause ) scott Nice place you get here . bartender you from out of town ...? scott yeah , you know , actually , I be just look for my daughter ... bartender ( as he smile ) ... that 's what you be look for ...? scott ... i. uhh ... bartender ...ask , because a lot of out - of - town guy , come in , lookin , someone else 's daughter . 32 . scott no , I ... oh , no ... bartender ( smile ) you sure ...? scott abso , absolutely ... he bring out he case , with the photo of the platinum - haire girl . the bartender come over and glance at it . angle xcu on Scott as he look incisively at the bartender , who display no flicker of recognition . scott ... girl like that be in tonight ...? bartender ... pretty girl ... scott none prettier . angle on Scott , who look around the club . we see he eyeing the lovely young scantily clad waitress , who return he look with disdain . the bartender , observe he , come back to he . scott yeah ... I be look for a girl like that ... bartender ... you be sure it be you daughter ...? b'cause , a lot of guy , come in here , guy you age , go home with some ... some rather ' young ' girl ... the bartender smile . scott ( as he lean forward ) well , why would a , one of this ' young girl ' . what would they want to do with I ...? the bartender lean close and hesitates . Scott take out several more bill and pass they to the bartender . 33. he hesitates a second , as if to say " you would not fuck I , would you ...? " the bartender sign , " I be you man " , the bartender take the bill and lean close and whisper to Scott , indicate someone over in a dark corner . in this corner , as the light be flicked up , we see a youngish man in very expensive casual clothes , a american , dress like eurotrash , sit talk with the man we see earlier be the manager . as Scott approach , we see the manager , knowingly , drift off . beat . the young man ( zimmer ) rise from the booth , and tug himself into neatness , and stop , as if bemuse by Scott . zimmer ' howdy , pard ' . scott hello . I wonder if you could help I ... zimmer ( as he yawn and look at he watch , as he push past Scott ) I love you , baby , but the season 's over ... Zimmer start for the front door , and Scott fall into step with he . scott ( gesture at the bartender ) ... my friend say that you be ... you be sort of a ' matchmaker ' ... zimmer izzat what he say ...? camera take the two out of the front of the club , where Zimmer tip the bouncer , who he put on he coat , preparatory to go away for the night . Zimmer begin walk into a parking lot , where we see several run-down employee 's car , and he , Zimmer 's prime mercede . Scott tag along . bouncer ( as he walk away , to Zimmer , of Zimmer 's car ) I put she back in you space ... scott I be look for a girl ... a young girl ... 34 . zimmer be not we all . scott my , my , my , my , my , my question be : why would a young girl want to go out with a older man like I ? and , if you could " answer " that ... he take out money from he pocket . Zimmer begin to speak slightingly , dismissively to the ' hick ' . zimmer look , bub ... Zimmer start to open he car door . he turn back to Scott , and we see , Zimmer 's Pov , Anton , stand behind Scott , at the doorway to a alleyway . obviously back Scott up . angle cu , Zimmer react infinitesimally , to the sight of Anton . angle xcu , Scott , see he , and slam he against the side of the car . Zimmer reach through the half - open door , and come out with a automatic pistol in he hand . Scott kick he in the stomach , Zimmer try to raise the hand with the gun , and Scott throw he to the ground , the pistol fall on the concrete . angle on Scott as Anton emerge from the alley . Scott direct he to drag Zimmer into the alleyway , near a dumpster . Anton thrust he hand into the car and start to reach for the drop pistol . scott do not touch the piece , do not touch the piece , do not touch the piece , th' out you glove on ... angle int . the SMALL alleyway . as Anton now pull off Zimmer 's sportcoat , and begin empty the pocket . Scott interrogates Zimmer . zimmer ... I think you break my arm . scott ( as he show the photo to Zimmer ) you see this girl before ... zimmer ( of he arm ) ... I think it 's break ... 35 . scott you see she tonight ...? Zimmer turn away from the photo . zimmer ... I think it 's ... scott ( to Anton ) pull he up ... Anton pull Zimmer to he foot . Scott put a lock on Zimmer and break he arm . Zimmer scream . scott now it 's break . ( of the picture ) what 's she name ...? ( pause . he strike Zimmer in the face ) what' her name ... ( to Anton ) break he other arm ... zimmer I don't know her name ... scott you do not know she name , then who be she ...? zimmer some , some ' girl ' ... scott some ' girl ' , some ' pal ' of yours ? where be she now ...? Anton , toss Zimmer 's coat , come up with a small medicine vial . he hold it up to Scott . who take it , look at it , sniff it . pause . scott ( to Zimmer ) oh no ... ( pause ) oh no ... this be not rohypnol ... ( pause ) be it ...? ( pause ) izziz rohypnol ? be this " rho " ? ( pause ) izziz a one-sided conversation ...? ( to Anton ) whatzisname ? 36 . anton ( look at he driver 's license ) donny Zimmer . scott donny . donny : where 's the girl ...? ( pause ) you dose she ...? ( pause ) where be she ? donny ...? Anton toss Zimmer 's clothes come up with a envelope . Scott take it , and leaf through many bill . scott ... what be this ? ten , what be it , Fifteen thou ...? for what ...? zimmer I never see that girl ... scott oh , alright , then we have get to let you go ... angle cu , Scott . scott where would you take the girl , donny ...? ( pause . silence . to Anton ) you touch he piece ? anton no . scott good . Scott gesture to Anton to let Zimmer go . Zimmer hesitates , know he must not move . Scott hold the photo to Zimmer 's face . zimmer that's not the girl ... that be not the girl ! 37 . scott that 's not what girl ...? ( pause ) where would you take she ...? ( Scott point to Zimmer 's pistol . to Anton ) put you glove on . pick up he pistol . two knee , the other elbow , ( he point to the head ) mozambique ... angle xcu , Anton look at Scott , to say " really " ? angle xcu Scott , nodd back , " really " . scott you bet you life . Scott start to walk away . Zimmer begin scream . zimmer wait ... wait ... wait ... ext . NORTH end , boston quiet STREET . night . a large mercede be park outside on the quiet street . a chauffeur read the paper , he half turn , sleepily , at the sight of a man walk across the street . angle Scott and Anton pull up in a camaro . angle int . the camaro . Scott and Anton , as he turn off the motor . he look over at Anton , who hold a piece of paper . angle there Pov . a townhouse across the street . a large mercede in the courtyard driveway . beat . Scott and Anton watch , as a door start to open . scott ...okay , then ... Anton begin to respond , when Scott get out of the car , motion Anton toward the mercede . angle ext . the townhouse . we see a middle - age businessman come out of a side entrance , adjust he clothes as he walk . as Scott walk nearby - we take he to a garbage pail , where he retrieve a small black bag - that be , as use to transport dog shit . he walk up . angle , on Anton , get out of the camaro . behind he , around the corner , we see a dark van pull up . Anton motion the van to hold . 38 . angle , on Scott . as he walk up toward the businessman , hold the black bag . he whistle once or twice for he dog , and then turn to see the businessman . scott ... beautiful night ... businessman ( nod ) ' less you get hayfever ... ( he gesture at the flowering tree ) Scott walk up to he , and push he back into the vestibule . angle tight on Scott as he flick open he switchblade , and hold he knife up to the businessman 's throat and whisper . scott ... you leave something back inside . beat . the businessman look frantically around , beyond he we see Anton take he chauffeur out of the car . the businessman turn to the intercom and push a button . we hear a female voice answer , after a beat , " ...yes ...? " angle on Anton , hold a machine pistol , behind a corner of the wall . businessman ... I leave my case inside . there be a beat . and the far door in the vestibule be buzze open . as it open several man in swat gear stream through the vestibule and up the stair . Scott hand the businessman over to a agent , who take charge of he , and camera hold on Scott , stand , wearily , at the bottom of the stair . he motion for Anton near he to hand he a cigarette . Anton do so . Scott light up . from the top of the stair we hear scream , sound of break , yell , command be shout . beat . a agent come to the top of the stair , look down , and shake he head . beat . Scott turn and find the handcuff businessman in he field of vision . scott ... they get some young girl up there ...? beat . the businessman , terrify , be silent . Scott hold out the photo of the girl in the black hair . 39 . scott you see this girl ...? ( pause ) the businessman look at the photo . Scott gesture at Anton , and pass the photo of Laura Newton to Anton . and then look as if to say " in or out ? " Anton hesitates a moment , and then strike the businessman . anton do you see this girl ...? angle on the businessman , on the ground . terrify . he look back at Scott , as if unable to focus . Scott give he a beat , nod , as if to say , " what would you expect " , and start up the stair . int . whorehouse . night . Scott enter the vaguely japanese modern establishment . several swat figure be be stand down . they sit , share a thermos of coffee . one of the swat team nod to Scott , and motion he to the direction he know Scott want to go . camera take Scott past a room where two female Agents be hold five young woman , who be supervise , change out of " escort " wear , and into jeans and sweatshirt , " streetclothes " . angle on Scott , as he enter what be obviously the " office " of the bordello . one of the tech be sit at a bashed - in computer , he be hook it up to another laptop . he turn to Scott . tech ... she be try to scrub the thing ... Beyond they we see Miller . and a very attractive european - look woman in she forty . in a room beyond two bodyguard type be handcuff , watch over by a swat officer . Scott move back to watch Miller interrogate the woman , the madam , who speak with a middle - european accent . madam ... a escort service . there be no impropriety , and there be no ... 40 . miller ( call back to one of he tech , who consult a computer ) ... who be she ? tech ... nadya tellich , serb. Green Card , in ... Miller wave the rest of the information away . Miller show she the photo . miller have you see this girl ...? nadya we see a lot of girl . they apply . for the job , as hostess ... angle on Scott , who stand by the tech , who be try to reconstruct the break computer . it print out a file , on which we see photo of various face . each girl hold a placard with a number on it . angle on Anton , who look down . angle he Pov . the wastebasket . in the bg we hear nadya go on about the benefit of work as a hostess . he motion to Scott . Scott squat to the ground , and pour out what be reveal to be several polaroid of beautiful young woman . he use he knife to rearrange they without touch they . they be now alighted and we see the numeral twelve , thirteen , fifteen , on placard which they hold up . angle on Scott , as he walk back into the interrogation room , hold the sheet print out by the computer . nadya ...a contact for personal service ... they pay we so much for each call , and ... the girl pay we ! we be just a - miller they show you proof of they age ... nadya of course , of course , I ... you think I ... what do you think , I ... 41 . scott ( show she the printout ) where 's number fourteen ? ( pause ) nadya ... I do not understand you . scott ... where 's number fourteen ? ( pause ) nadya ( pause ) I want my lawyer ... Miller take the photo of Laura and show the platinum - haire one to nadya . miller ... be this the girl ? be this she ? be she in here ? nadya I , wait , I no ... i... I want to talk to my lll ... miller ( of the platinum - haire girl ) izzat she ? it 's she , be not it . she be here . be that she ...? angle , on Scott , as he step away . he take we through the whorehouse . in the adjacent room we see a bank of video monitor , show people in various sexual activity . on the screen for a moment come the face of what look like a very young girl indeed , camera swerve onto the face of the businessman we see outside the whorehouse , he be disrob , ... businessman ( on tape ) ... come over here , you little bitch ... that 's right , get you sweet ass over here ... angle on Scott . as he look to the businessman , himself , who be seat in a chair , preside over by several agent , force to watch the video . he turn he head away . scott ( to a agent ) make he watch it . 42 . one of the agent turn the businessman 's head brusquely back . businessman I ... i... listen ... listen : I be a wealthy man . I be , I be not - without -friend in , in the administration ... ( he take out a business card and hand it to Scott ) ... whatever it take to ... scott this here , sir . this be a piece of cardboard . Scott hold the card . he shake he head sadly . Scott nod to the interrogator and Scott throw the card into the businessman 's lap . interrogator ( as the businessman start to look away ) do not you look away , you son of a bitch ... ( he force he to watch the video ) angle cu , on Scott , as he look disgust . Anton stand on one side , look to Scott for a cue as to how to react . businessman I ...i... i... scott ( step in ) " I - I - I " - what be you , carmen miranda ...? he hold the photo of the platinum - haire Laura Newton . businessman I ... ( he draw Scott close , turn from Anton to the " good " cop ) listen to I : I cannot . be catch here . you write a amount on a sheet of paper ... write it on my card ... ( more ) 43. businessman ( cont 'd ) ( he take out he business card and hand it to Scott ) scott no , baby . today we get the barter system . and you best pray to God you get something to trade ... businessman I ...i ... ( he take out he wallet ) scott it ain't money . you sick fatcat fool . where be the girl ...? ( he slap the businessman , and Anton pull he off ) leave I alone , i'll get the truth out of he ... ( he pick up the man 's business card ) come in here , try to buy I off ? I have get Three daughter ... Anton succeed in pull Scott off the businessman . he drag he around a corner . we see the terrify businessman in the background , as Anton try to reason with Scott . anton ... maybe we would ... angle , on Scott , now appear transformed , and easy . he gesture " shusshh " to Anton , meaning " it be all a act " . in the bg we see the interrogator browbeat the businessman . scott ( as he look down at the businessman 's card , and shake he head . he move back toward the businessman , terrifying he ) ... I think when you want to pet little girl , you pick on you daughter ... ai not that what you rich people do ... now you step off the reservation and you want to buy I ? ( more ) 44 . scott ( cont 'd ) ( he show a photo of the platinum - haire Laura to the businessman ) where be this girl ... the businessman be terrify . he look around the room in panic . angle on Scott , as camera take he to where the female agent be interrogate the Young Whore . Anton follow . young whore ( look at the photo of Laura Newton ) I ... she be sick ... she be not very well . she come in here ... and ... and ... female agent ... who be she ...? young whore I dunno ... some young girl . I dunno ... they take she , I tell nadya , she shunnt be here , they take she ... female agent who take she ? young whore I think that be she . female agent be she here ? young whore I think that 's the girl ... they take she . the two , two man ... they ... ( she draw the female agent closer , frighten ) ... they give she a shot ... angle on Scott , as he turn back to nadya . nadya I be entitle to my rights , and I be entitle to a phonecall to my lll ... 45 . scott ( brusquely ) you lawyer be not go to help you ... want to guess ' why '? ( he look to Miller , who nod , " go ahead " . he take the photo of Laura with the red hair , sharply , from Miller and show it to nadya ) y'understand the picture ... nadya ...ohmigod ... angle on Miller , as he beckon Scott . Anton start to come and Miller signal he to stay behind . scott he 's with I ... Miller nod and the three walk out of the room . angle on Scott , as he and Miller retreat behind a door . beat . miller ( as it dawns on he ) they do not know who they have get ... they just snatch " some Young girl " . when they find out , they be go to have to ... Scott move back to nadya . scott she be here . she be here , where be she ...? where be she ? ( Scott thrust the Laura Newton photo at she ) she be here - nadya ... I ... I do not know if this be the ... scott she be here . ( pause ) 46 . nadya ( very softly , as she look around , break , for sympathy ) ... they will kill I . scott who do you call . how do they know , to come get she ? nadya I ... it 's just a number , I ... Miller push a pad of paper and a pencil across to she . angle tight on Scott . as he look on . beat . he nod , as if to say " we be get there " . there be the sound of a phone ringing , and a agent come in , and beckon Miller , who wave he away . the agent indicate , " no , you have to take this call . " Miller step back from nadya , not want to break the mood , and move toward the phone . Scott move to stand by the girl . angle on Scott as he push the paper toward she , again , force and willing she to put down the number . miller ( softly . to phone ) ...hello ... int . football stadium . night . a helicopter be settling onto the play field . angle . two man get out of a suburban , across the field , run toward the helicopter . angle , a powerful - look older man in a suit , burch , step down from the helicopter , and a aide greet he and lead he away from the helicopter . we see the aide indicate the two man run toward they . burch turn . angle he Pov . Miller and Scott , who join with burch , as they all move toward the stadium building . int . stadium build , lunchroom . night . angle , on a assembly of the information of the chase . on a table , the photo of the eurasian businesswoman , of Laura Newton , of the Regency Club . a disassembled machine pistol , and a cup of steaming coffee . hold on Scott , look at something , off . as he pick up the cup of coffee . Beyond he we see Anton , asleep in he chair . 47 . angle int . lunchroom . burch , Scott , and Miller be find in the empty , stainless steel lunchroom , with they a clean - cut young man , stoddard , obviously burch 's assistant . burch ... where 's the girl ...? miller Sir , we believe she be abduct , from this club ... ( as Miller speak he pass pertinent sheet of information to burch ) that she be take to ... that she be take to a bordello ... burch ...here in Boston ... miller yessir , and , that ... that ... burch come on , let 's hear it : miller that she may have be ... that she may have be deliver - for sale - that she may have be send down the pipeline and overseas . ( pause ) burch ( pause ) " ... just some girl ... " ( pause ) angle . hold on Scott . sitting quietly , as he watch the two other man . stoddard take out a cigar case . look to burch , who nod he consent , and stoddard take out a black cigar , and light it . burch how certain be you she be the girl in the whorehouse ? 48 . miller ( shake he head , meaning " not positive " ) ...we ... burch be the girl in the whorehouse ? ( pause ) what about you other lead ?... the boyfriend , the ... Professor ...? miller ...sir. stoddard the Professor , where 's he boat ? miller the Coast Guard be on the ... stoddard where be the fucken boat ? be she on the boat ... angle on Scott and Anton . as Anton come awake to the sound of the shouting . Scott gesture he to keep quiet . angle on the two . as Anton wake up . he pick up a sheet bear the Picasso symbol , and start to speak . Scott shake he head , meaning " be quiet " . scott ... we just go where we be send and do what we be tell when we get there ... he motion to be quiet - and to pay attention to the drama in the next room . angle int . the steel lunchroom . as burch and stoddard interrogate Miller . burch you have get the fucken service agent , shot himself ... you be you be tell I , you best bet , some cocksucker nab she , take she , take she , they do not know who she be . and they be gonna sell she down the river ...? miller Sir ... 49 . burch the detail agent . be he fuck she ? miller the girl ? burch the secret service agent , be he fuck Laura Newton ...? miller he be off - post , with he girlfriend . ( pause ) stoddard ( as he hold up the " Picasso " letter from the boyfriend , to read it . he read : ) the Professor , the boyfriend , " ... you behave like a slut ... " , this be who you like ...? ( he hold up the advertisement of the Regency Club ) aah ... fuck ( he hold up the photo of she hair ) she dyed she hair . what do they do , she hair grow out , what do they do when they realize who she be ...? ( pause ) scott ( under he breath , not realize he 's speak ) they kill she . burch ( reacting , as if to say , " that 's the first sensible thing I have hear " ) you be fucken a right they kill she . okay . good. ( more ) 50 . burch ( cont 'd ) now : let 's talk some commonsense : ( pause ) what can you do for I ? ( to Miller ) ... who be that ...? ( Miller whisper to burch . to Scott ) ... get in here ... ( Scott come and stand by burch ) Scott , and then Miller , look at burch 's clean - cut and very fit assistant , stoddard . there be a pause , and then burch motion stoddard to leave the room , which he do . pause . burch ( quietly ) ... what can you do for I ? what can you do for I - I need it now - I need it before the Press get it on Monday . Cause they will kill she . the jackal start a feed frenzy , and she 's red . help I . Miller nod to a aide , who come forward , with a white scrap of paper . he hand it to burch . miller Sir : this be the number of a public phone in downtown Boston . ( burch nod ) it 's a cutout , between the bordello , and the abductor . a call be place when they have a package to deliver . burch ... you go to stake out the phone ...? miller ( nod ) we have a watch on the phone . more importantly : n.s.a. report call place to that phone . regularly . burch they can track call to a payphone ? 51 . miller in this case they can . burch how ? miller they be make from a Federal prison . ( he gesture to the aide , who show to burch and the camera a photo of a smile man in he forty , in a expensive suit . of photo : ) this be eli assani . he be a lebanese National , serve life without , for kidnap . he be the head man in a white slavery scheme . burch and where be he ? miller he 's in lewisberg . we have a plan ... ( pause ) I hesitate to ... burch give it to I ... angle , on a aide who come in and pass a piece of paper to Miller , who read it and look up . miller they have get some action on the payphone ... Scott and Anton start to get to they foot . ext . copley square , downtown . night . in the foreground we see a lonely payphone in the desert square . it be festoon with ad for escort service . in the deep background we see the light on in a corner bank building , and the cleaner at work . angle int . the bank . one of the cleaner polish the counter in the bank . he wipe he brow and look outside . angle he Pov . a sedan at the curb . Beyond it , a man , smoking a cigarette , stand near the payphone . 52 . the man look at he watch , look around , throw away the cigarette , and continue to pace . angle , in the bank the " cleaner " whisper into a lapel mike . ext . boston STREET . day . Scott , in the backseat of a car , apparently asleep . Anton , sit in the front . listen to the faint sound from a earwig . angle , xcu . Scott , he head tilt back , look through almost fully close eyelid . scott ... who 's walk up on we ...? angle , Anton , as he look around , down at Scott , and then up , at a man in a suit , some thirty yard away , walk towards the car . Anton , as the man draw closer , look down at Scott , as if to say " how do you know " ? scott ( as he loosen he jacket , over he pistol ) ... who be he ? anton Boston . p.d. we see Scott , relax for a moment . and then , put Anton out of he misery . scott ... always a reflective surface ... ( then , to himself , as if recite a litany ) " ... in the city , always a reflection . in the Woods . always a sound ... " hold . on Anton , as he digest this . beat . anton ... and in the Desert ? scott you do not want to go into the desert . angle , ext . the phonebooth in copley Square . we hear the phone begin to ring . 53. ext . boston STREET . day . Scott and Anton , in the sedan . Anton listen on the earpiece . Anton brighten . anton ... they be move ... Anton start to put the car in gear , a agent come jogging down the street , out of a alley , and motion Anton aside , and get into the car . ext . boston highway . night . a shot of the helicopter , fly over the highway . angle , the sedan speed down the desert highway , the city in the background . the helicopter , fly away overhead . int . scott' car . a Driver , Scott , and Anton . listen to transmission on the radio . as they drive Anton lean forward , he hand on the seatback of the front seat . Scott pick up one of Anton 's hand , and turn it over . scott ( of the hand ) ... what be this ...? anton ( as he look down , and then realize the nature of the question ) ... it 's a wedding ring . scott ... take it off . ( pause . while Anton hesitates , not comprehend ) ... the ring click against you riflestock , some sonobitch hear that noise , hundred yard out , and you be gonna get I kill . Anton nod , and begin to work the ring off he finger . angle there Pov . Far ahead , the speed sedan turn off the highway , onto a " feeder " road . Anton and Scott in the backseat . as we see Anton take out a machine pistol from he " go " bag , and check it . Scott look at he . a chatter come over the radio , and Scott address the two man in the front seat . 54 . scott ... where 's he go ...? the Driver hand a printout to the shotgun man , who read . agent one five four nine , Alpha Sierra , mass reg. William barak . somerville , mass ... scott that 's where he 's go ? the agent shake he head , look down at the paper . agent also , owner of record , in Essex ... scott izzey go toward Essex ? ( agent nod ) ... what sort of place be it ...? the agent look at the piece of paper . agent it ... it would be a Beach house ... scott get I there . ( to the Driver ) get on the net . call them off . everyone off . just I . ( of Anton ) just I and he . driver ...sir ... scott nobody out there ... ( to Anton ) just. him. ( to the Driver ) you indicate that you hear I . ( beat . the Driver nod ) put it out . ( the Driver begin to speak softly , relaying he instruction on the radio . Scott turn to Anton . softly ) how you do bright eye ...? ( Anton nod . beat , as Scott look he over ) 55 . scott ... breathe through you nose . Anton look at Scott inquisitively , not sure he have hear right . scott it still the heartrate . ( pause ) you get my back . anton Sir , yes , sir. scott ( to himself ) ... alright , then ... angle the sedan , on the desert highway . hold . we see another car come scream up behind it , do one - ten , a red light on the roof , flash . angle int . the sedan . a middle - age man watch the other car come up , and disappear around a bend , go furiously fast . ext . essex beach . night . the margin of the scrubwood , in the dune . Scott and Anton , move quietly through the wood . Scott point to Anton , indicate where he should stop . angle , Scott 's Pov . a run -down beach house on a desert cove . the blue light of a television flicker through the window . angle , Scott peer through some scrubgrass . we see he hold a small handful of tear - off grass before and over he face , to break up he outline . he turn . to Anton , who stand next to he , hold a sniper rifle . he point out a position to Anton . anton ... you want I to come through the door ...? scott ( as he check he weapon . he shake he head . ) do not you go through the door without a overwatch . he take the small handful of grass and throw it into the air , watch the way the wind take it . Scott gesture to Anton to take up a position beside a small run-down boat shed . 56 . we see Anton do so , then Scott move across the dune , to a small skiff . which lie just across a little cove from the beach house . angle , on Scott , as he move down the dune , to the skiff . he open he switchblade quietly , and sever the line hold the skiff to the dock . he get into the skiff , and push it off , and we see it begin to drift across the little cove toward the beach house . angle , on Anton , kneel , beside the old boat shed , as he assume a prone position , and sight he rifle in on the beach house . angle , he Pov . through the sniperscope , the house , the television , flicker in a empty live room . int . the wood . Anton , acknowledge the command . he find a vantage point , and assume the prone position , cover the house with he rifle . angle on Scott , surveying the beach house . angle he Pov . the dark beach house . angle on Scott , as he move across the lawn , and to a back door . he remove he switchblade , open it , and use it to jimmy the screen latch . he replace it , and take out a set of lock pick , and begin to work on the door . we faintly hear the sound of a television . angle int . the beach house . we hear the sound of the tv and faintly , see a blue glow from a room or two down the hall . angle on Scott , enter the kitchen , where he look down at the various dirty plate and cup on the table . angle on Scott , come through the door . as he move , flat to the wall . camera follow he past the doorway , beyond which we see the tv on low . Scott look in , and find it empty . angle on Scott , as we follow he into the bedroom . it be empty . hold on Scott , look around . angle , as he come back into the live room . he stop . we see something beyond he . angle he Pov . a small boat some twenty yard from the house . out near the water . 57 . angle , on Scott , as he start to open the rear , slide glass door which will lead he out to the boat . behind he , we see the man from the sedan open the front door of the house , and begin to enter . Scott hear he , and turn . man from the sedan ( as he see Scott ) ... what the fuck ...? scott ... I hear the tv , so I come in ... ( pause ) the sedan man be put a bit off , as the comment make no sense . Scott use the moment to advance toward the man . scott ... what the hell you get the tv on for , there 's nobody here ...? ( the man put up he hand ) I do not wanna hurt you . why would I hurt you ? I just wanna know why the tv 's on . angle ext . the build . where we see the man , and Scott . we see the scene in green , through a sniperscope . angle , on Anton , look through the scope . angle cu Anton , as he see something in the scope . angle , in the house . Scott advance toward the man . scott ... I just wannit to know , I just come to ask you that question ... the man back up , past a half - open glass french door . angle , on Scott , as he advance toward the man . angle , anton's Pov . through the sniperscope . the faint trace of what might be the Picasso symbol . angle , on Anton , as we see he move the sniperscope and adjust its magnification toward the symbol . in a corner of the scope , we see another man , in a dirty white shirt , emerge , come up the stair from what might be the basement of the beach house . we see this man take in the scene in the next room , and secrete himself behind a wall . 58 . angle , on Anton , whose vision be block - camera take he to a position next to the white tool shed . Scott , move toward the sedan man , unaware of the man around the corner . angle through the sniperscope . we see the man in the white shirt ready himself behind the open through which Scott will come . we see he raise a pistol . angle Anton , as he realize he be behind the curve . as the man in the white shirt step into the doorway Anton fire at he through the sniperscope . we see this man fall . angle , int . the house . the man in the sedan , he hand raise , fetch down a small shotgun from the lintel over the door , and level it toward Scott . who draw and fire several round at he . angle int . the house . as the man go down heavily . Scott come forward to the die man , and kick the shotgun away . camera take Scott warily into the next room , where he see the man in the white shirt sprawle on the floor . Scott move past he , and down to a door lead to the basement . Scott take a long look down the basement stair . we see a faint light , and a shadow move across the light . angle on Scott , as he take a deep breath , and burst down the stair , scream . angle int . the basement . a rough , dirt - floor room . Scott stand alone . we see a bare bulb hang from the ceiling , swinging slightly in the breeze from a open window . scott I be come up ... angle , Anton , inside the house , in a cover position , watch out . Scott come up the stair . scott ( to Anton ) call they in ... we see Anton take out a walkie and talk into it , Scott proceed to the sedan man . he kneel by he . scott ... where 's the girl ...? you be die , pal . even it up . where be the girl ... where be the girl ... 59 . Scott pull the die , bloody man to he , and start to shake he . scott you be die . you be die , man . where be the girl ... beat . the man begin to shudder , violently , and then stop , obviously dead . beat . Scott throw the dead man down onto the floor . beat . angle , on Anton , who turn to look back . he stare at the dead man . scott ... well , you want to know ... ( pause . Scott kick the dead man viciously ) Anton look at scott. beat . scott ( to himself ) yeah , everybody want to know the secret knowledge ... Scott sit on a chair , by a old rolltop desk . on the desk we see a bunch of junk , old cigarette packet , empty . a box half - full of yellowing stationary . Scott prod the stationary with he knife . we read , in a insert : " hanson Marine . everything for the boat . box 38 Essex , mass . " ( and see , on the envelope , a old fashioned , stylize draw of a old chriscraft - like power boat ) . we hear the sound of a helicopter . and Scott turn , look out of the window . he then turn back , to see Anton , who be stand , look down at the man he shot . Anton , feel Scott 's gaze , turn to look at he . anton ... I ... scott ... tell it to the chaplain . Scott get up wearily , and walk toward the door out onto the beach . we see a helicopter landing , and several man in bdu 's , jump out , and proceeding toward the house . int . stadium dressing room . day . burch and he aide . as Scott and Anton enter . follow by Miller . 60 . burch motion Miller over , and they confer , look at Scott and Anton . angle , on Scott and Anton , as they stand by a television , a agent be watch , shaking he head . brunette talking head ... apparently , have she hair restyle , and cut today , we newsteam interview she stylist , and have reconstruct ... scott ah , shit ... angle . he be summon , into the next room . by burch et al . burch and he aide . as Scott come in with Anton , follow by Miller . burch take Scott aside . burch ( look at a tv in the bg silently , show photo of Laura as a brunette ) ... here 's the deal : ( pause . he hold up a photo of eli assani , the businessman , both in a suit , and in he prison garb , with a number in front of he . his name , and " lewisberg Federal penitentiary " ) ... this be the man . ( pause , to Scott ) ... you be cover in blood . scott Sir , it be not mine . ( burch look at Anton . Scott , see he glance ) on my team , sir . burch how deep be he ? scott ( say , in effect , this sum it up ) ... he 's on the team . 61 . burch yeah , well . he may have to be a little more than on the team ... ( pause . after consider ) I have be speak to the father . ( pause ) burch walk a few step away . think . Scott look at Anton , question . burch ( pause ) what about if we have to go " off the meter " ? scott ... with the Mission , sir . burch think for a moment . and then draw Scott aside . burch glance over at the television , spew information about Laura Newton , and shake he head with disgust . burch ( to himself ) ... I be out of time ... he turn back to Scott . and gesture he into a small room , and close the door . burch ... man to man . scott the door 's close , sir. burch i. need . to ask you . to do something . ( he be hard - press to continue ) scott I be here to get the girl back . burch think a moment , he rub he face , and shake he head , and look up as if to say " this be all we have , this be the best we have " . pause . he nod , as they do not move . burch take out a photo of a bearded middle - eastern look man in a business suit , and another , in a mugshot mark " lewisberg Federal penitentiary " . 62 . burch this man ... place a phonecall . yesterday . from the phonebank at lewisberg . to the copley payphone . ( pause ) here 's the cut-off-point ... ( he look meaningfully at scott. pause ) ... here it be : this man , eli assani , be to be transport , tomorrow , Wednesday , with another convict . a man on death row . for they medical procedure ... now : ext . country road . day . a Police cruiser come quickly down a two -lane , desert road . angle int . the cruiser . a road sign read " just two mile to ' the owl ' , Rest stop , Restaurant , Gas - diesel " . angle ext . the owl . Rest stop . a run-down rural gas station , restaurant . off to the side we see the cruiser come down the road . as a roughly - dress man run out of the restaurant , carry a full paper bag in he hand . the cruiser , unseen by the man , pull up to the gas pump , and the trooper start to get out of the driver 's seat . when gunfire erupt from the restaurant . people be shoot at the flee man . a man open the door of the restaurant and fire at the roughly - dress man in a very urban leather jacket , who return fire . Glass break in the window of the restaurant . the roughly - dress man run to he car , a 80' pontiac , park near the pump . the man in the doorway fire again , and the windshield of the pontiac blow out and a tire burst . the roughly - dress man return fire , and the man in the doorway fall . the roughly - dress man turn to see that the trooper be out of he cruiser , and be about to fire at he . the roughly - dress man drop he satchel , and fire at the trooper , who fall . the paper bag have fall to the ground and burst , and currency be spilling out of it , and be take on the wind . the roughly - dress man frantically begin to try to scoop it up and into he jacket . angle cu on this man , who we now see be scott . he stand around , and move to the fall trooper . he strip the key from the trooper 's key , and look up . feeling someone gaze at he . angle he Pov . in the car , two convict , a heavyset man and eli assani , the middle - eastern man we see in the mugshot . he be hold he neck , which be bleed copiously . 63. we see the back window behind he , shattered by gunfire . angle on Scott , who get into the car , take the key he take from the trooper , and begin scream off down the highway . low angle , show the car take a turn vastly too fast , the car careen up on two wheel , rights itself , fishtail , correct , and disappear in the distance . angle int . the car . Scott drive steal a look back at assani , in the back seat , whimper . scott shut up . the Police Radio chatter : " two twelve Sierra , come back ... two twelve Sierra , come back , we have you request for code Seven ... please come back with you twenty . " heavyset convict yeah , two twelve sierra take all the 20 he 's gonna take ... oh , man , you leave he there ... angle on Scott drive . he look behind he . angle , Pov . in the rearview mirror . a dust cloud settling over the desert highway . angle int . the owl . various techy , in the kitchen , monitoring the broadcast of the microphone in the Police car , Anton among they . the trooper come in , take off he bullet - proof vest , and sit to listen , where we find Miller and he Agents . the ' Restaurant owner ' , who we now see be Anton , take off he jacket and he bullet - proof vest and pick a slug , fire by Scott , out of the center of the vest . heavyset convict ( v.o. ) ... yeah . you mark he paid in full ... assani ( v.o. ) ... you get to pull over , you get to stop ... I be bleed . angle int . the police car . heavyset convict yeah , he do eat from the tree of knowledge , we Sierra two twelve . assani ... help I ... 64 . scott shut up . angle , ext . country road . the car come to a panic stop , fifty yard beyond a turnoff onto a dirt road . the car be put in gear , back up , and take the road . ext . farm road . day . the car come quickly up a small farm road , we see a run - down barn , and a farmhouse , wash on the line . Scott pull the car into the barn , next to a old pick - up truck . he get out of the car , we hear assani in the backseat call to he . angle , Scott , as he turn to assani , who be press a blood - soak shirt to he neck . Calling " help I " . Scott open the back door of the cruiser , and the heavyset man get out , and offer he manacle hand for release . Scott motion to assani . scott ... drag he out ... ( the man do so . Scott motion for they to be quiet ) ... get some business to do ... he take he pistol and walk toward the farmhouse . hold on assani , and the other convict , assani be hold a rag to he bleed neck . assani ... help I ... heavyset convict ... yeah , I hear yah ... angle , on Scott , as he walk past a clothesline heavy with drying clothes , he be see to go into the house . we hear a woman 's scream , and then two shot be fire . angle int . the house . as Scott be find at a table in the kitchen next to which be various foodstuff laid out . Inside the house we see a female techie , at a table by the wall , various communication gear in front of she . Scott begin load up he pocket with food . the techie hand Scott a slate on which be write , in large block letter , " the helo be stand by , will assault in support when you have find the girl . on you command . " Scott gesture for the slate , and write on it , and hand it back . Scott nod , and walk out of the house . 65 . angle insert . the slate , on which we see Scott have write " keep you distance ! " angle , on Scott , as he walk back through the yard , pull clothes off the line . angle int . the barn . the two convict , as Scott enter , and begin change out of he clothes , and into the clothes he find on the line . heavyset convict yeah , baby . pass some my way ... scott sorry , my man ... travel light ... he turn to the heavyset man , and fire he revolver at he twice . the man fall , dead . Scott turn he revolver at assani , who begin to scream . assani do not shoot I , do not shoot I , I have what you want . I have what you want . I can get US out of the country tonight . tonight . no passport . fly out . tonight ... oh GOD , don't shoot I ! I swear on my mother . look at I : am I lying to you ? a sea plane . tonight . help I . I swear to you . scott why in the world would I believe a lie convict like you ... assani oh , ah , ah , but you do believe I ... I see it ... you do . I can get we out . help I . I swear to you . help me... and I will treat you like a brother ... I ... Scott advance on he . scott my brother use to beat I ( he raise the cop 's service revolver and cock the hammer ) Nice guess , though . assani oh GOD no ! 66 . Scott pull the trigger , which fall on a empty chamber . assani whimper , as Scott go into the cruiser , come out with a box of shell , clear the empty from the cop 's gun , and begin load it . assani no , no . listen to I ... listen ... make one call . one call - go in the house . make one call. one call . a Aviation company . tell ... tell they ... tell they the word I say , and they will say : the plane will meet you at ... ( Scott hesitates for a moment , and assani attempt to capitalize on it ) yes. yes ... int . pick - up truck . day . Scott be drive . the dash be litter with empty coffeecup , cigarette pack . he turn . angle he Pov . assani , sit in the shotgun seat , a map in he lap , look at he . scott you a fag my friend ? assani no. ( pause ) I be not . scott then why the hell you look at I ? assani I be think ... how fuck surprised you be go to be . ( pause ) because , baby , you just do that fucken good turn , go to make you Rich , fat , and happy ... scott ... just get I on that plane . assani do not they tell you ...? 67 . scott all I hear 's a voice on the phone ... assani grin , as if to say , " just wait " . assani ... you like girl ...? scott better question , where you have be so long , do you like girl ? Scott grin , and assani share the moment with he . assani we have . you will have ... the most beautiful ... scott ... most beautiful woman , eh ? assani not woman , baby . Girls . you get to trust I , I be the Doctor here ... all young . all blonde ... scott and this all take place where ...? assani in Dubai . in Yemen ... scott well , that 's a long way from tiperrary , pal ... assani ... what do you have here ...? scott yeah , but I be not cut out , to live in a fucken tent . ( assani laugh ) assani if you think you can imagine luxury ... I be here to tell you , my friend ... ( he smile broadly ) 68 . scott well , may it just be so ... assani when we get to maskala ... scott and , now , what 's maskala ...? assani ... when we get to Dubai , better ... scott what 's maskala ...? assani ... that 's where we clean they up . we ship they Rough , we make they smooth , and everybody 's happy . scott well , then , you be a philosopher ... huh ...? how ' bout make I happy tonight ... assani if there 's a girl , in the pipeline , tonight , you shall have she , what do you say to that ? scott ... I say you be a stone cold whoremaster ... assani join with he in the joke , nodd he assent . assani no , no baby . take it to the bank . the Arabs , man . all the oil - all the money in the world . what can not they have ? booze and pussy . how do they get it ...? scott you the candy man ? be that it ? assani begin to swoon . he put he hand to he neck , and it come away cover in blood , where it be cut by the glass fragment . scott ah. Hell ... 69 . assani yeah , no . I be bleed bad here , friend ... scott ( he look over ) yeah , we just , we get to get some ... yeah , you need , all we need , some tailore tool . angle , sedan . holding Anton and several agent , listen to the broadcast from Scott 's car . scott yeah , in my wishlist , we have a drugstore , get we some morphine , some ... angle ext . anton's car . as it increase speed . angle int . scott' car . as he try to staunch the fellow . Scott steer with one hand . and turn off the highway at a exit , show two mile to a town . int . SMALL town pharmacy . day . Scott , dress in the farm clothes that he take off of the line . Scott be buy supplies . on the counter we see bandage , hydrogen peroxide , etc . behind the counter we see a newscast , show a picture of Laura Newton , in long blonde hair , and a woman be do a talk - head about fashion . tv woman ... America 's number one redhead , " she set the style , she bring a smile " , she 's Betty co -ed , in College , and she 's off for what she father 's office say be a " extend sailing weekend " . ( the screen show a sailboat ) with " person or person unknown " ... yo ho , yo Ho ... she " old " enough for that , we " Little Red Riding - Hood " , Cathy ...? Scott ignore the screen . angle ext . the store . in back , assani be sit in the pickup , a woman drive another beat - up pickup pull into the lot , there be a shotgun in the rack by the rear window . assani crouch lower , to prevent be see . angle int . the store . as Scott be check out . a policeman enter from the police car . we see it be Anton . 70 . angle . on Scott , as he move to the back of the store , to meet Anton . Scott look inquisitively at he . anton ( whisper ) ... the helo just go down ... scott ... do not whisper to I , baby , it draw heat . what helo ? anton ... the assault helicopter . you have get no backup , at the house . ( beat . Scott nod ) you will be in there , alone , the first few minute ... scott well , there you go , then . anton you say " never go in without a overwatch " . scott that 's all fine , lad , " but this be the fleet " . anton you know you deliver he in the door , you know they be go to waste you . scott ... gimme whatever nine mile you have get ... Anton take out the magazine in the pouch on he belt . and start to strip off the round . scott ... just gimme the mag ... ( Anton do so ) ... gimme you piece . Anton take the pistol from he belt . Scott check it , and put it in the small of he back . angle ext . the store . assani , in the pickup , see through a small window in the store . angle on Anton and Scott . Scott be walk away from he , and Anton put a hand on he , and turn he back . 71 . angle int . the store . Anton gesture Scott to wait a moment . Scott wave , it be not necessary . he go to the counter , and pick up the medical supplies . he start toward the back door . he call back , over he shoulder scott thank you ... angle on Anton , as we see something occur to he . he turn to the other officer with he , and ask a question , and we see the other officer hand Anton several magazine of ammunition . angle on Scott , as he be come out of the back door . angle on Anton , as he follow he . anton ( call ) mister ... mister : you forget you change ... angle on Scott , as he turn back . we see Anton bring the ammunition . angle on assani , weak , hold the shotgun , as he support himself along the wall , he peer around the corner , at Anton and Scott . anton ( sotto ) ... you better take care of yourself , because ... angle , on assani , who come around the corner , and fire the shotgun at Anton , who fall . Scott scream " no " . angle , on Scott , who drop the package , and turn to assani , who be jack another round into the chamber of the shotgun . Scott draw and fire at he several time . angle on Scott , who kick away the shotgun , and turn back to Anton , who be crawl on he back , out of the line of fire ... anton a ... I be alright ... I be alright ... angle , on Scott , turn to look at Anton . and , then , back at the obviously dead assani . int . SMALL town hospital . day . in a wait room . Scott , who look up , as Miller enter . 72 . miller you partner 's go to be alright . scott I do not look at the down man , Sir ... miller yeah , well ... Miller nod , and start to walk away . scott ... Sir ...? Miller turn back , understanding Scott 's request . miller ( sit , accede to Scott 's request ) ... Air Force assault be airborne , five minute out . ( pause , Scott shake he head sadly ) stand down 's a bitch . scott I stand down when the girl 's back , sir . miller they will get she out , if she 's in there ... ( pause , as he look at Scott ) you do you part , what the fuck do you want , a Citation ? out of the window we see a medical helicopter . its rotor just start to turn . we see two white - coat medical type , carry bag , run toward the medical copter . a aide come in , and gesture to Miller that the copter be ready to go . aide ...sir ... Miller turn to leave . Scott stand wearily . miller where be you go . scott on the dustoff . 73. miller forget it . scott Sir ...? Sir ...? miller there 's no room . scott I be plead with you , sir ... miller let he hear the assault on the Net ... scott I want to see the girl . Miller shake he head - at the door , turn back for one last word to Scott . and then he stop . angle . he Pov . the television , in the next room , play a news program . Scott look inquiringly at Miller , who be transfix by the television . angle the television . a " break News " story . we see a overturn sailboat , and the talk head narrate : " ... the tragic , the stun ... the ... Jim , I do not know what to say ... " the woman 's co- anchor , obviously very shake , take up the story , and we see live footage of a overturn sailboat be tow into a harbor , then insert of " we redhead " Laura Newton , and , after a moment , the Professor . jim ( talking head newscaster ) the death , just report , the death of Laura Newton . the ... the ... angle , on the tv . on two body be take from the water by medical technician . angle , the woman , as a shot of the political man we see earlier in the newspaper , come on the screen . talking head woman ... she father , on the eve of the campaign ... ( we switch to a video shot of this man , wave off reporter ) Jim , can there be any doubt ... 74 . jim tracey , the secret service , for obvious reason , they record , the DNA , fingerprint ... the ... and , she have just be in the water a scant , less than four hour , the ... apparently the boat swamp ... she - tracey she be sailing with ...? jim with she professor , Professor ...? ( the video show the Professor ) angle , on tracey , as she be overcome , and try to steady herself . angle , on Miller , and the trooper in the room . Miller look away from the screen , to Scott . tracey ...a tragedy , such as this . jim ... particularly . particularly , tracey , come , right at the start of he campaign ... a insert of Laura 's father , he sportcoat sling over he shoulder , come onto the screen . tracey will he delay the start of the campaign ? angle . on Scott . as he be find , stand , near the television . off to the side , behind he , we see Miller , intently , on the phone , listen . jim ...his grief ... tracey ...he be very close to he daughter , be not he ? 75 . jim well , indeed , he see she , the day ... that would be , the day before last . he be in Boston for the Strategy meeting , and see she then ... tracey ( sadly ) ... and that would be the last time ... that ... angle . on Scott . as he be look at the television , he shake he head minutely , as if in a dialogue with himself . he walk back to the interrogation room . Scott sit heavily . Miller walk in and sit next to he . miller her boyfriend call she a slut . she go off to prove it . her and the Professor . coke up , boat capsize ... both body wash up naked . Coast Guard dress them up ... full of ecstasy ... scott ...he kill she ... miller ( shrug , meaning " who know " ) he be fuck she , they be stone ... the boat capsize ... Miller look down at the artifact . miller ( almost to himself ) ... so much death . scott ( philosophically , as if summing the whole thing up ) ... rock crush scissors ... we see Miller leave , as Scott turn away , and light a cigarette . Miller turn back . miller I be sorry about you man . 76 . scott he be not my man , Sir . he 's a trainee . beat . Miller leave the room . Scott hang he head with weariness . int . government transport plane . night . Anton , in bandage , in a bunk in the transport plane . Scott , asleep , in a chair near he . angle on Anton , as he come awake . anton ... what time be it ? scott what do you care ...? ( pause . we see that Anton be have difficulty formulate he thought ) anton I fuck up . scott ... in what way be that ? anton ( groggily , as he try to move , to draw closer to Scott ) ... but I be try to help . ( Scott react to Anton 's pain . ) scott what ? do you want some more dope ? whaddaya want , a Dr. pepper ...? Scott take a pill vial from Anton 's jacket . take out a pill , and administer it to he . anton ... but I be try to help . 77 . scott ... yeah , well , that 's when people generally do fuck up . wait for that to kick in . ( Anton start to lay back , and then , as if he be remember something , he draw closer to Scott again . ) you be gonna take that fight to bed for a while . you do not get to do it all now . Anton gesture Scott to draw close . anton ( sotto ) I see the sign . angle xcu on Scott as he turn away . scott ...uh huh ... Scott turn away . anton ( draw he back , as if say listen : ) I see the sign ... at the cape . in the House . scott you see - the-sign . what sign ? anton ... when I drop the guy . the girl 's Picasso sign ... ( he draw the sign in the condensation on the plane 's window ) she be there . at the cape . the girl be there . scott the girl be not there . she be on a boat . she fall off the boat . she 's dead . ( pause ) you do what you could . you do what you be train to do . ( pause ) you do what you could . 78 . anton ... I see the sign ... scott ( turn away ) ... then you be truly bless . int . training facility . day . we see the dojo , training room . several exhaust young man in sweat stain fatigue watch a lecturer , with a knife in he hand , demonstrate a manoeuvre with a trainee . Beyond , on the wall , we see the sign . " this be the precinct of pain . a godess life here . her name be Victory . " Beyond , through the open door , we see Scott 's mustang drive up to a nearby building . a young man get out . angle , int . the build . Scott , rest , clean , shave , drink a cup of coffee . sitting across a desk from a interrogator , who have several note in front of he . interrogator ... from the house , a house , a hold facility , a compound ? call maskala . the girl be take from maskala , to the ... Royale Hotel , in Dubai . ( he close the note , as if complete he presentation ) as time pass , you may remember other aspect of ... well , ( the interrogator stand ) you have hear this speech before ... he extend he hand to Scott . Scott look inquisitively at he , then pause , then stand . angle ext . this build . Scott exite , as blane come out of he office . they walk through the compound . and to the camera , toward the mustang . scott ... would be most grateful , sir , to be include on the mission . " at such time ... " ( pause ) blane ...on a mission to Dubai . 79 . scott be it in contemplation , sir ...? ( pause ) angle , on blane , who look at he to say " you know better than to ask . " scott yes , sir. ( pause ) if and when , Sir ... blane you need a rest , Bobby . ( pause . as he extend he hand ) thank you , Bobby ... Scott put down the small yellow duffle he carry , next to he mustang . the young man who drive it in stand by , as blane and Scott shake hand . Scott look at the training facility . angle he Pov . the lecturer , execute unarm combat move against a trainee , who hold a knife . the lecturer put the trainee on he back . Scott start to walk toward this facility . he stand outside , by a open double - door , next to a water cooler , and draw himself a cup of water , which he drink . as he watch the lesson . he turn back , as he see the young man who drive in the mustang pick up the yellow duffle , to put it into the car . scott ... please do not touch that . ( Scott pick up the duffle and put the strap over he shoulder ) angle , Scott 's Pov , as he turn . we see the young female sergeant , Jackie Black , in the bg , walk across the area . Scott nod at she . she nod back . Scott start to get into he car , and then turn back . angle . scott' Pov as the trainee on the mat get up , and the lecturer gesture at the knife he have drop on the mat . lecturer ... pick it up . 80 . the trainee pick up the knife . the lecturer shake he head . lecturer what be you study here ...? I be talk to you , son ... what be you study ? trainee Sir , this candidate be study knife fight . the lecturer pause , look down at the ground . beat . lecturer hold you ground , son . the trainee go into a knife fight stance . lecturer ( point behind he ) ... you , and you friend ... the trainee let he attention drift for a second , in the direction the lecturer have point . and the lecturer scream , step in , disarm the trainee , throw he to the mat . as the trainee pick himself up the lecturer turn to the class . lecturer there be two way to fight , you can fight fair , or you can fight to win . the trainee put he hand to he head , and discover he be bleed . the lecturer nod he permission , and the trainee walk to a water cooler , next to which Scott be stand . Scott look at the shame trainee . scott do not you study knife fight , son . you learn to kill . and then , f' you meet some other fellow , study knife fight , you send he to hell . angle , on the lecturer , who call another trainee up . lecturer next man : a trainee stand . lecturer now : I want to see some evil intent . 81 . the lecturer glance at Scott , and make a small " have a drink " gesture . the lecturer nod back " yes " . Scott walk toward he car . ext . " construction gate " . day . the man inside the " construction booth " raise the barrier , and look at Scott , who drive through . int . roadside trucker bar . night . the lecturer ( Grace ) and Scott , in a booth drink . pause . grace hey , fuck it , huh ...? scott I have always think so . Scott gesture for another round to the bartender . who be serve some rough trucker type , two of whom be at the bar with a couple of very attractive young woman . one be a stun redhead , who look back at Scott . grace how would the puppy like it out there ? he piss in the punchbowl ? scott he do okay . grace I hear he catch poison ivy . scott he do okay . why ? you goin ' out ? grace what ? scott you recruiting ? grace why would I be recruiting ? scott you speak Arabic , huh ...? grace that 's what the Arabs tell I . 82. scott you , reason I ask : you go in the sandbox ...? grace ai not you overdue for some down time ? scott I be just say : Scott be distract . he be watch the talk head , on the bar tv talk about Laura Newton . we see the photo of she in high school , with she father in some African country , et cetera . angle . on Grace , watch Scott . who shake he head very sadly . grace yeah . you Marines be a weepy bunch of motherfucker . ( Scott nod minutely in acknowledgement . and return to watch the television ) ... you get a chance to bowl in that tournament ...? angle on Scott . caught in the image of Laura Newton , on the television . scott ( to himself ) ... beautiful girl ... angle on the trucker , near the television , look at Scott . one come over to he . trucker ... you say something , mister ...? scott no , I be look at the television . ( pause ) I be talk to the television . ( he turn to look at the girl ) that girl 's too good - look for you anyway . what be you " rich " ? what do you , " own " something ? ( more ) 83. scott ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) or be you " funny " or something ...? ( pause . hold for a beat , on the confuse face of the trucker ) siddown . lemme buy you a drink . int . sleazy motel room . dawn . a sound of a truck , come down the highway . angle , on the doorknob of the hotel room . we see several quarter stack . as the truck sound come closer , the quarter start to rumble , and fall off the doorknob . angle , on the floor , a glass ashtray . the quarter fall into the ashtray . angle , Scott , in bed , naked , come awake , as the quarter hit the ashtray . he have a pistol in hand , and awake with a start , scream . he survey the motel room , take in he new surroundings . beat . next to he , the redhead from the bar , also naked , come awake , frighten , look at Scott . angle , on Scott , as he survey the hotel room . angle he Pov . on a dresser , a cheap imitation pewter bowl , a orange and a banana in it , on the table next to it , he switchblade , open , and the remain of a peel apple . he look at the knife , and at the girl . scott you peel the apple ? she nod , not sure how to take Scott . scott ( as he start to come down from the adrenaline rush ) ... well . you should wipe off the blade . ( more ) 84 . scott ( cont 'd ) ( pause . Scott do so , clean the blade on a napkin ) or else ... ( as if explain the simple and most perfect axiom of the universe ) or else , it " rust " ... ( a pause . he smile at she . pause ) D'I scare you ...? ( he close the blade and sit on the bed , shaking he head to clear it ) I be sorry if I frighten you . ( pause ) ext . SMALL town rural MAIN STREET . day . a three - store town , a couple of pick - up truck park in front of the country store . a large double log truck go through the town . the girl look for some topic of conversation , to bridge the awkward moment . girl ... it 's a odd knife . scott yeah . I get it from a Russian fellow . girl be it a gift ...? scott no . as I remember , he seem rather reluctant to part with it . ( pause ) it 's just a knife . ext . SMALL rural village . MAIN STREET . day . a three store town . a couple of pickup truck park in front of the country store . Scott 's mustang park next to they . a large , fill , double - length log truck speed through the village . Scott , in he lumber jacket , be assemble various maintenance item on the checkout counter . a large paintbrush , several box of nail , a gallon of paint . the proprietor , a good - nature fellow in he fifty , come up to the counter to check Scott out . 85 . proprietor how you be , John ...? scott ... workin hard ... proprietor ... bet you have ... scott how you , billy ...? proprietor pour Scott a cup of coffee from the pot on the back counter . he mix in sugar and cream . billy nod in response to Scott 's question . proprietor ... one gallon goin to do it ...? scott ( point at he accusingly ) ... you be lookin ' at my house ...? proprietor nope , just trine a sell you some paint ... ( as he put the cup down in front of scott. joke ) ... but , now you mention it ... angle , on billy , as he move to a new customer , a farmer , who come in , and nod at Scott . new farmer ... John ... scott Mr. reese , how be you ...? ( billy go to take care of the new customer , and turn back to deal with Scott , who be wait to ask a question ) that new see blade come in ? billy ( as if just remember ) no , John . it do not . I beg you pardon . I know that 's you baby ... I be go call they up and get right on that . 86 . angle on Scott , who see something out the window , and move toward the front of the store . billy ( as a afterthought ) ... ' spected you back a few day ago ... scott ( look out the window , absently ) I take the Long Way Home . angle Scott , who be look , over he coffee , at something on the street . and we see , he Pov , a very city rent - a- car which be now across the street . we see a man get out of the car . ext . gas station . country village . day . we see the back of a man , next to the rental car , which be next to the mustang . he turn , and we see that it be Anton , he arm in a slig , he face crease by pellet scar . angle , he Pov . look at Scott , who have just snuck up behind he . scott could I see you right Hand , please ...? anton there 's nothing in my right hand . scott could I see it , please ...? Anton hold up he right hand . Scott relax , and come forward . Anton gesture , meaning , " what be that about " ? Scott take Anton 's right hand , by the wrist , and turn it over . he explain : scott you put you wedding ring back on . anton ( not understanding the import of the question ) ...yes ...? 87 . scott then I have to guess you be not " on assignment " . ( pause ) you be in the wrong place , baby . ( pause ) how do you find I ...? Anton gesture at the " oilchange " sticker on the mustang 's windshield . angle from int . the car . we see the sticker read " Mike 's service Station , Bradford , PA " . and beyond it , the actual old , tin sign of the garage , read " Mike 's service Station " . angle , on Scott and Anton . scott well , I guess I be not as smart as I think I be . ( pause ) anton I need to talk to you . a beat . Scott shake he head , as if in a sad comment to himself . he sigh . ext . rural STREET . day . Anton and Scott walk down the street . anton I see the sign . scott " you see the sign " . you be up for a week , you coulda see Jack Ruby , you do not know what you see ... you first- time -out . anton I see the sign . scott ... then , you tell I : you see the sign , how be it , they find the girl , the DNA ... why would they do that ...? her father ? her father would do that to she ? anton ... maybe he do not know ... 88. scott well . you be live in a fairyland of you own devise . you be see snake . ( pause ) anton who 's go to Dubai ...? ( pause . Scott hesitates ) they have get a white slave ring , in Dubai , with american girl there - be they go in ? ( pause ) be they send you in ...? ( pause ) ask they ... ( pause ) scott you got. to leave it for you better . anton ask they . scott why would you want to know ? ( pause ) listen up , pal . they do not go through the door . we do not ask why . that 's not a cost , it 's a benefit . because we get to Travel Light . you wanna lose sleep over it , get over it , or get out . ( hold. pause ) you want to go through the look Glass . how be it ? be it more fun than miniature golf ...? anton I want a favor . scott why would I do you a favor ? two old lady come down the small main street . old lady Morning , John , who 's you friend ...? scott fella want to buy my car . 89 . the old lady walk on . pause . anton I save you life . scott well what be they pay you for ...? anton Bobby , I see the sign ... scott my name be not Bobby . ( pause ) anton I see the sign . ( he draw the Picasso sign in the dust on the window of the country store ) I saw it . at the beach house . ( pause ) I be go back . scott back ? anton to the beach house . scott they take it apart with a tweezers . ( Anton shake he head ) anton she be there . the girl be there . I be go back . ( pause ) I want you to do something . scott what would that be ? anton the secret service agent . offed himself . scott ...he be off boffing he girl . 90 . anton he shot himself with a hide - out pistol . scott yeah ? anton who frisk the sonofabitch ? ( pause ) you ask they . angle , on Scott , obviously off - balanced by the question . hold . int . government office build . day . stoddard , smoking a black cigar , and several " Bureau " type in the office . Scott be sit at a conference table , as be Miller . beat . stoddard number one , the girl 's dead . number two , the hide - out gun the agent shot with 's register in he 1020 for the past five year . the man who toss he have be sack . his name be none of you concern . now : what the fuck be you do here ? scott Sir , I be not here to question ... stoddard well , then , what the fuck be you do here ...? miller Sir , as he say , he be here to apprise you of a security leak ... scott ...and ... Miller gesture to he to shut up . miller to call you attention to what may be a problem in discipline with this ... 91 . stoddard grant . grant . ( he stand ) grant . Fine . thank you . scott and. Sir ... if I may ... stoddard what be it ? scott when the operation be stage in Dubai ... stoddard what be this ...? miller he ... stoddard ... what the fuck be you talk about ? scott I be merely say , when - stoddard forget it . walk away . scott I ... stoddard yeah ... you be a pit bull . I say forget it . how do we contact Anton ? miller ... Anton ... stoddard you partner ... he 's go to ground ... Scott shrug , as if to say , " be that the way you want it ? " miller yes , sir ... 92 . stoddard and , wait , wait , wait , wait , what do this mean ...? ( of Scott ) when and if , any operation be stage which may require you talent , I give you my word ... ( Scott shake he head , say " I do not believe a word of it " ) you impertinent motherfucker . what the fuck be with you , you have get on you " thinkingcap " all of a sudden ...? stoddard gesture to a aide to call a number . scott I would like to finish what I start . stoddard and I be tell you to stand down . where 's the kid ? ( pause ) scott be there no operation in Dubai ...? stoddard shake he head in exasperation . the aide hand stoddard the phone . stoddard answer . listen for a moment , and then point at Scott . ext . graveside . day . a small photograph on a easel - it be a image of gaine , the dead secret serviceman . angle , a small funeral . a Marine honor Guard in attendance . small suburban cemetery . angle on the pastor . pastor ... in the service . in the service of he country . no less than have he die in combat . George gaine , a man who give he life to service , to protect that who ... angle , a unmark sedan . Scott , and a Driver . look on . 93. driver ... sucker do the dutch . scott I hear it be a training accident . driver nope , he ate the gun . do not you know ? scott I have be out of town . driver punched out early , off with the girlfriend , he principal wander off , wind up dead : hari-kari ... angle , on Scott , as he see something . Scott take a book of match and start to light a cigarette . driver ... rather you do not smoke in here . Scott get out of the car . angle , on Scott , who take out the Anton " Rogers ranger " card . he motion the driver to pass he a phone and Scott look at the number on the card and dial . Beyond he we see , just at the limit of the gravesite . holding himself apart . a young man in a raincoat . the young man turn at the sound of a limo drive up . angle Scott , look at the limo . out of the limo , which stop near the grave , we see burch emerge . there be a susurrus among the crowd , which , visibly , straighten a bit , at the honor of burch 's presence . we see burch walk to the gravesite , and have a word with the widow . burch put he hand on she shoulder and comfort she . angle , on Scott , look at the man in the raincoat . we hear rifle fire , and Scott flinch . angle he Pov . the Marine honor Guard , rendering a salute . we see a Marine bear the flag to burch , who present it to the widow . he shake several hand , and then move off , back to the limousine . he beckon Scott over to he . angle , Scott and burch , walk through the cemetery . burch shake he head . he hand Scott the program from the funeral , and reluctantly begin . 94 . burch I put myself in you hand . do not I ...? scott I do not follow you , sir . burch I reach out to you . ( pause ) I put my life into you hand . I enter into a conspiracy with you . to commit murder . because it need to be do . ( pause ) I trust you with my life . scott I would never betray you , sir . burch ( wave he assurance away ) I trust you with my life . and yet you can not trust I . ( pause ) there be thing you have not be tell . that 's right . ( pause ) and now you be all out - of -line , " play I or trade I ... " ( pause ) angle , on the two . burch ( almost as if against he better nature ) there be a arab World . to penetrate it make try to join the mafia look like a walk in the park . how would you do it , Scott ? ( pause ) we be die . we be at war . and we have no intelligence . how would you do it ? how would you infiltrate they clan structure ? where be the interface ? ( pause ) it 's at the whorehouse . that 's where they go to get frisky , and that 's where we listen to they . ( more ) 95 . burch ( cont 'd ) for the few , priceless hint that we get from that fuck sandpile . ( pause ) have the girl be there , we would have move heaven and earth - you know we would , and , we would have get she out . she be not there . she get drugge up and fall off a boat , and drown . she 's dead . ( of the funeral ) that man , ( burch gesture at the photograph - on - the - easel , of George gaine , the secret service man , which stand by the head of the grave ) that man a swear office of the secret service , go to get laid , and she die . and you be risk the life of man and woman in the field , because you will not take order . how be you better than he ? yes . you have best look sheepish . what the fuck have you get to say ? scott no excuse , sir . burch you be goddam right . ( pause ) now : where 's this new kid who get you all bother . where 's you partner ? scott ... I will call he off . burch the fuck you will . you have get nothing to say to he . he 's go to the ground . where be he ...? angle . over the honor Guard , pack up , we see Scott hand a scrap of paper to burch , who make one or two more point , to which Scott nod , submissively . burch walk off . camera follow the honor Guard , down the path , toward Scott , who , pass , nod at they . 96 . hold on Scott . as he watch the widow , at the gravesite , be walk away to a limo by the pastor . he feel someone behind he and turn . angle , scott' Pov . a man in a raincoat , stand furtively , half -hidden by a tree , some distance off from the funeral , weep . he hold a program for the funeral . angle on the man in the raincoat , the funeral beyond he . he be obviously distraught , a rather slight young man in he thirty . he look at Scott for a moment , and then turn away . angle . on Scott . as he turn back to watch the end of the funeral . as the gravediggers begin they work . he sigh . and move to a bench and sit . look at the gravediggers . dissolve . ext . dusk . graveyard . Scott , still sit on the bench . the gravediggers , finish they work , begin to walk off , joke with one another . Scott stand , and turn , about to start out of the cemetery . he stop for a moment . angle , he Pov . the man in the raincoat , who be stand where last see , look at the burial . walk toward the mound of earth , pause for a moment , and then walk off . ext . bus stop . deserted , semi -industrial area , across from the cemetery . day . the raincoat man be stand wait for a bus , at the bus stop , outside a work man 's tavern . angle , on Scott , look at the man , still weep . Scott walk up to the man . each hold a copy of the program from the funeral . the man look down at the program , and then up to Scott . scott ( beat ) terrible thing . ( the man nod ) do you know he ? the man nod . beat . he turn back to Scott , look for sympathy . anguish . man do you know he ...? ( Scott nod . pause . portentiously : ) where do you know he from ? 97 . scott ( pause ) ... you know . man ( pause . nod ) he be not in the accounting office . you know that ... scott yes . I do . the man begin weep heavily . Scott put he arm around he . man I do not think , he tell anyone what he do . because ... because ... ( he look for sympathy ) I ... scott a few of we know . ( pause ) the man take out a small photo in a leather case - we see it be a smile photo of the secret service agent , gaine . man and all he care about be do he duty ... that 's all ... that 's all ... he use to tell I ... ( the man be now overcome ) scott I be so sorry . man he be suppose to see I that night ... after he " shift " ... we ... his wife ... Scott nod he understanding . scott do she know ? his wife . do she know ? man how could she ? how could she ... she do not know he ... ( pause ) oh , the poor child ... 98 . the man begin shaking , and Scott embrace he to comfort he . angle , int . the working man' bar . day . Scott and the man , at the end of the bar . a few construction type enter . as Scott bend he head next to the man , speak low . man ...he be go to come to I that night ... after ... scott ... after he shift . man ...his shift - yes ... angle , on a burly man , in construction clothes , who be stand next to they . burly man ... excuse I ... man ... after , after he would finish drive he ... scott ...him ...? burly man ( as he put a hand on Scott ) I say ... scott ( as he turn to the man , who be back he way out of the bar ) ... drive he ..? do you say " he " ? ( he reach out to the effeminate man ) burly man yeah . it 's a man 's world , pal - but you be in the wrong bar . he turn Scott around , and push Scott deeper into the room , away from the other man , who be now go out of the door . Scott move toward he and the burly man try to stop he . 99 . Scott strike he several time , and start toward the door , where , as he exit the bar , he see the effeminate man , on the bus , and pull away . Scott start to move toward the bus . there be a hand on he shoulder , and a second man from the bar be whirling Scott to face he . Scott shake he off and start after the bus . the second man restrain he . second man ... what the fuck do you do to my friend ...? in the b.g . we see the first man rise from the sidewalk , and move toward Scott . Scott struggle to follow the bus , when the second man assault he . Scott be now fight the two man , who manoeuvre he toward a alley . as Scott 's back be to the alley we see a third man emerge from the shadow , and throw a garrotte around Scott 's neck . Scott headbutt this man , who haul Scott off he foot . Scott belt he again , and stomp on he instep . and turn into he . he elbow this man as the other two man advance toward he , in the alleyway . the garrotte man fall . Scott kick the garrotte man in the temple . and draw he pistol . beat . the man in the mouth of the alleyway retreat . angle . on the street . we see they get into a van which have just pull up . angle on Scott . stand . shiver . as he look around the alleyway . he move back to the fall garrotte man . angle . Scott stand over the man . he see something and bend down . angle he Pov . in the man 's backpocket be a program from the funeral . angle , Scott stand , look at the program . we hear the phone ringing . Scott put the phone to he ear . scott ... where be you ...? no . tell I later . look : look : forget the boat house . look : ( pause ) yes , tell I in ... Tel ... look : tell I when ... get out of there . ( more ) 100 . scott ( cont 'd ) get out of there right now . tell I when you see me. meet I " where ... where the guy made the phonecall " - one half -hour ... Scott stop speak , and look down at something . angle , he Pov . across the street . we see a unmark sedan pull up and two man get out of the car . and begin to look around . one see Scott , and motion to the other one , and they both start in he direction . they stop , for a moment , as if confuse . angle , they Pov . the street corner , empty of Scott . ext . boston STREET . day . copley Square . Scott . come into the square . angle , the open-air phone stanchion we see in the earlier sequence . it be festoon , as before , with ad for escort service and phone sex . angle , on Scott , get , hurriedly , out of a taxi cab , on the outskirt of the square . angle , he Pov , scan the square for Anton . Scott look at he watch , and he look up . angle he Pov . the figure of Anton , walk from the far side of the square , toward the phone booth . angle , on Anton , as he look around he , and then proceed toward the phone booth . as Scott watch , a van pull into the plaza , and head toward Anton . Anton see the van , and retreat , toward the streetside , where we see , the van have herde he toward another car . Three man get out of the car , one slug Anton , and he be whisk into the car , and the car pull away . angle , on Scott , on the far side of the square , look on , aghast . angle Anton , in the backseat of the car , point back , as the car disappear . angle . cu . Scott , look at Anton 's gesture , and follow , look in the direction in which he be point . angle Scott 's Pov . the telephone kiosk . Scott walk into he Pov , to the kiosk . he look down at the pile of trash on the shelf . 101 . he look up at the various pornographic ad paste around the interior . he see that , stick in one of they be the " Rogers ranger " card , which Anton show he earlier . he pull it out of the ad to which it be stick . he look down at it inquisitively . we read in a insert : " rule # 11 : do not ever march home the same way . take a different route , so you will not be ambush . " he then see that there be something else behind the ad . he tear the ad off the kiosk partition , and he be reward , as a fold envelope fall out from behind the ad . he pick up the envelope . we see that it be the old yellow envelope from the beach house . it be print " hanson Marine - everything for the Boat " , and we see , on it , the draw of the old power boat . we see Scott feel the envelope , shake it , tear off the end , and pour something out into he hand . we see he face , and then pan down to see the object in the envelope be the red crescent earring see in all photograph of Laura Newton . ext . boathouse , essex . dusk . a wind be blow from the sea . Scott turn up the collar of he jacket . we see the house in the bg and Scott , walk along the patio , the sea beyond he . we see he stop and kneel , to the pile , from which he take the matchbook . he sift through the sand and gravel at the foot of the pile . the wind blow up the dust , and Scott stand , it be evident he have get a speck in he eye , and he try to extract it , blink , and squinting . he turn he head . angle , he Pov . Beyond the property line . Beyond the hedge and on what be obviously the next lot , a old , ramshackle dwelling , the small white toolsh . angle , Scott , look at the toolsh , and gaug its proximity to the Essex House . he begin to walk toward it . angle . Scott . at the small white toolsh . he stoops , and we see he have pick up the shell , eject by Anton 's rifle . he stand , he take out a small spotter 's scope . angle . he Pov . his shoulder , rub against the pollen - cover window in the small white shed , have uncover a bit of a sign . angle . Scott , look at the sign in the window . he rub the pollen off , and we see emerge , on the inside of the window , draw in the dust , the Picasso sign %- ) . angle xcu Scott . scott ...ohmigod ... 102 . int . sleazy HOTEL room . night Scott , wear just skivvy , be asleep on the bed , a empty pint bottle of booze on the night stand . we hear the television on low , show talk head narrate the funeral of Laura Newton . " we redhead , America 's sweetheart " , et cetera . we see a photo of she in she signature red crescent earring . next to Scott , on the night table , the envelope , hold the same red crescent earring . angle , the line of light under the door to the hallway be occupy by a pair of foot . angle . a hand , dangle off the bed toward the floor . below it , on the floor , the crease ' Rogers ranger ' card , and several day worth of newspaper . angle xcu Scott , on the bed . unshaven . we see he eye come open . angle on Scott 's hand , as it snake quietly past the ranger card , on which we read : " rule # 15 : do not sleep past dawn - Dawn 's when the french and Indians attack " , and come up with a automatic pistol . angle the door , as we see the door handle move slightly . angle on Scott , as he jerk open the door , he pistol at he side . angle he Pov . in the doorway beyond , we see a bellboy , hold a small paper bag , look shocked . Scott shove the bellboy back away from the door , and glance , both way , down the hall . scott what the hell be you do ? bellboy ( show the package ) I ... I bring you ... scott why're you screwing with the door ...? bellboy I ...i ... Scott drag he into the room . 103 . scott why're you screwing with the door ...? Scott frisk he roughly . the terrify bellboy show a " do not disturb " sign , which he hold . bellboy I take the ... I take the sign off ... ( pause ) you have the sign on the door . f'they see I ...f' they see I , knock on a door , the sign on ... they would ... ( Scott relax somewhat . the bellboy proffer the package ) a , I ... I figure , you need ... ( he hand the package to Scott , who take out a pint bottle of booze ) you tell I you want this at ten ... scott ... yeah . thanks . bellboy ( begin to calm down a bit ) ... I do not know why you ... scott you be right , I be wrong ... I be wrong . he begin to look through he pocket . as the bellboy stand , look at the television . angle on Scott , the television beyond he . as he go through the pocket of he jeans . he then go through the pocket of he jacket , and throw various object on the bed . some coin , some scrap of paper . a book of match , some crumpled cigarettes . he hand some bill to the bellboy . scott there you go , pal. hold on ... bellboy ( pause ) sure . I just ... I just want to help . 104 . angle , on Scott . as he rummages through the pile on the bed . the tv show photo of Laura Newton , wear she red crescent earring . Scott pick up a cigarette and the book of match on the bed . part of the pile show a tabloid paper - a photo of Laura , a insert of she father weep at the funeral , and the caption " Goodbye , baby " . he bend down and pick up the Rogers ranger card . and look at it . he shake he head . as we see the bellboy leave the room . beat . int . dark , panelled confessional . night . xcu on Scott , as he think for a moment , then speak . scott it 's be ... quite a while since my last confession . that ... that " transpire " . on the rear face of a hill , in a mortar attack . ( pause ) and I confess that I be frighten . ( pause ) and I have to confess , I be frighten now . ( pause . he smile weakly ) ' nother " irregular confession " . he raise a shotglass to he lip , and drink . he make a " another one " gesture . pause . scott ... I be about as frighten as I be comfortable be . ( pause ) and that 's why ... I involved you . ( pause ) which , I suppose , be shameful . angle , as a waiter come , with a fresh drink . we see that we be in a very dark , quiet , smoky , panell bar . the waiter leave , and reveal , beyond he , Jackie Black , the female sergeant we meet at the training facility scene . the waiter look at she , inquire silently , if she want anything . she shake she head . 105 . jackie black now : you do I the honor to call I . now : you tell I how I might help . ( pause ) there i not nobody here , but two people in green. ( pause ) Scott , look around , he take up a tabloid newspaper , which have be rest on the seat of the booth . we see it be a " funeral " edition , concern the death of Laura Newton . we see the large , color photo of Laura , she red hair , and , in a insert , she father , at the gravesite , hide he face . the caption read " Goodbye , baby " . Scott lean over , and whisper to Black , he deep secret . scott ( point at the paper ) ... this girl 's alive ... jackie black then , you would better go get she . ext . sanitorium . day . Scott , shaven , neat , and determine , stand at a bus stop . reading a newspaper . behind he , a large iron fence . angle INS . the newspaper show " the tragic death of Laura Newton " , and photo of the accident . and a photo of a distraught woman in sunglass , be hold up by two friend . angle on Scott . as he look across the street . surreptitiously . angle he Pov . a plainclothes car , with two people in it , look vaguely in he direction . angle on the bus , as it pull into the stop . we see various people start onto the bus . at the last moment Scott , at the back of the line , sheer away . angle , int . the plainclothes car . the bus pull away from the bus stop , the chainlink fence beyond it , and , beyond that , a vaguely institutional - look Colonial building . int . sanitorium . day . a nurse station , Scott move through the area , just ask direction of a older woman , obviously a semi-invalid . 106 . angle int . sanitorium . the woman be Mrs. Newton . she walk with a companion , she wear sunglass , and start out of the sanitorium . as Scott walk up , some yard behind she , follow she out onto a roofed porch . the woman move to the far end of the porch , obviously weep . Scott enter the porch , and stand for a moment . beat . woman ( v.o. ) ... terrible thing , grief ... Scott turn to she , to see a lovely woman in she late fifty , sit on a lounge chair , a robe over she leg , indicate the weep woman . Scott nod , and take something from he pocket . he start toward the weep woman , but the other woman hold he with she voice . woman ... you want to comfort they , but you do not know how . ( pause ) I always think it 's better to leave they alone ... Scott nod he acceptance of she wisdom , and begin to start toward the woman . scott ( of Mrs. Newton , and the woman , talk to she ) a relative ? woman a psychic. ( pause ) scott well. ( pause ) can we blame she ...? ( he gesture , meaning , we get comfort where we can find it ) woman that 's right . Scott begin to move toward Mrs. Newton . the woman on the lounge chair sit up . 107 . woman ... who be you ...? scott ( move off ) United States secret service . the woman move she blanket to reveal a pistol which she hold . woman guess again , ' cause I be the secret service , and you follow my direction or I will shoot you dead . spread you hand to you side , please ... ( Scott spread he hand to he side ) open they ... he open he hand to show the red crescent earring . we see the demeanor of the woman in back of he change , as she see the earring . she come up to Scott , and he turn around . she look up , ask , mutely , what it mean . int . SMALL sanitorium room . day . donny ( sotto , unable to stop she invective ) ... the motherfucker pull the detail off of she ... he be in town . her father be in town , they pull the secret service detail off she , to take he tomcatting . he 's be do it for year . that 's what they do . they turn the secret service into a bunch of pimp . he take she protection , she get snatch ... scott he would let she die ? a female agent knock at the door and stick she head in and donny gesture " rotate " . female agent ... leave the post ... donny gesture that she have hear . the agent leave and the door be close . 108 . donny ( meaning , " this be my surmise " ) the start of a campaign : you daughter get kidnap because you be out get laid ? scott her father would let she die ...? donny who know if he know . his ' people ' would let she die in a heartbeat . scott ...her mother ...? donny ( pause . she take up the earring and she begin to weep . she look beseechingly at Scott ) I be she mother ... she take out a small , tatter , cheap earring box . angle INS . we see the empty place for hold two earring , and a small arcade photo of a five - year - old Laura Newton , and this woman , donny , fifteen year young . they be hugging . Scott turn over the photo to read , in a childish scrawl , " donny , you can keep the box , cause I will never take they off " . donny start to weep . scott I need some money . ( donny look up at he questioningly ) I be go to get the girl back . donny what can I do ? scott I need money . I need a lot of money . donny ( of Mrs. Newton ) I have be signing she check for year . 109 . scott alright ... ( he scribbles a figure on a napkin ) can you go this high , that 's what I need ... donny ( as she look down at the figure on the paper ) ... i... I do not ... be there anywhere else you ... angle . both look to the side . angle , they Pov . one of the secret service Agents , look askance at Scott . do a double-take . and begin to raise he cuff mike to he lip to speak . angle , on donny , as she see this , and turn around . angle , she Pov . the empty room . Scott vanish . int . new york CITY office build . day . a very beautiful young woman in a business suit , in a elevator . the door open and Scott , dress in a suit , get in . he turn to face the front . they ride up in silence . the door open on a mezzanine . there be several man at the end of the mezzanine . Scott start to get out , and the girl try to stop he . he shove she roughly back into the elevator . several of the man come toward Scott , and a large , portly businessman in he forty ( avi ) call they off . Scott come forward . avi do not they tell you not to come ? scott well , I guess I be not pay attention . ( pause ) avi five year ago they tell I you be dead . scott you want to gossip , or you want to do business ...? avi motion Scott to come with he . 110 . angle , avi 's hitter . one start to take out a phone - avi wave he to stop - hold on the hitter . angle , avi and Scott , as they sit , near the edge of the mezzanine . avi Bobby ; this be a american girl ...? scott if that be so ? avi if that be so , why do not you people go and fetch she ...? what if I be speak for they ...? avi nod , meaning " yeah , sure " . avi ... they send a hitter to negotiate ...? ( pause ) my question be : have you forget you catechism ...? scott and what 's the answer ? avi the answer be go Home . scott yeah , that 's a good one . avi ... you be at the Big table here . scott I know where I be . avi well , then , you better talk to I use the decimal system . scott you intel . two man . infil , exfil , hardware , and com . avi and com to what ? I can not give you . 111 . scott well , you could , when you where in the Boy scout . avi yes , but I be not in the Boy scout anymore . you hear the private sector ? scott yeah . avi well . that 's where you find I . and here 's what it cost . he write a number on a sheet of paper . scott ( look at the paper ) ... you be out of you mind . avi no , you be out of you fuck mind , and you be out of you league , and my advice to you :... before some mercantile soul shop you . ( pause . in disgust , he pick up the paper , cross out what we write , and put in a new number ) ... for this job , that 's what it cost ... scott ... that 's what it cost ...? avi that 's what it cost you . ( pause ) go home , Bobby . ext . palatial estate . day . we see a woman get into a Range Rover , in the vast gravel drive outside of a estate . a man come out of the house , with a cup of coffee , hurry out to kiss he wife goodbye . he do so . she drive off . 112 . he finish the cup of coffee , put it down outside he door , close the door , and look quickly at he watch , and hurry to he jaguar , which he put in gear , and it start down the drive . we see it be the businessman from the whorehouse . angle on another car , come down the drive , which smashes into the jaguar . angle on Scott , who get hurriedly out of the car . he go out to the jag , and drag the stunne man from he car , and toward the house . angle int . a sumptuous study , palatial estate . day . beautiful Greek and Roman artifact line the wall , on light shelf . Scott drag the stunne and abraid businessman into the study . Scott throw he into a chair . scott remember I ...? angle Scott , as he take out the businessman 's card , and look at it . scott ... well , I guess you do have friend in High place ... I mean here you be home , n'all ... ( he pick up now one , now another piece of exquisite statuary , and smashes it to the ground ) and now we be gonna see if you also get all that money that you speak of . ( he take out a videotape box ) this here 's a short subject , if you know what I mean . of you in carnal Congress with a underage girl . a prostitue , a minor , and somebody's daughter ... ( he hold up another videotape ) there 's another ... you know how cheap it be to make a copy ...? businessman ... what do you want ? scott I want what you promise I ... 113 . businessman ( as if reluctant to impart the information ) ... I have , I have already make a deal with ... scott yeah , but you have not make a deal with I ... so , today be you lucky Day , cause you get to do , what most Men only dream of : you get to make another human be happy . he bring over a telephone , and give it to the businessman . Scott find himself behind a large desk . he look down at photo of the smile businessman , in various pose , with two young girl , obviously he daughter . scott ( softly ) you have you fun , now pay for it , Jim . get you bank on the phone . we be go to transfer some money . the businessman pause , then pick up the phone . scott ( to himself ) ... " how about that " . businessman ... do you know how much trouble you be in ...? scott yes . and that 's the difference between you and I . ext . warehouse district STREET . day . Scott , get out of he car , round a corner . we see a car come down this street , rather quickly . Scott retreat into a doorway . angle , he Pov . the car blink its light three time . angle ext . the STREET . we see the car slow almost to a stop , Scott emerge from he doorway . as the car 's rear door be open , Scott get in . 114 . int . warehouse office . day . avi and Scott , at a small table . avi maskala be a suburban villa , in Dubai . the Friends of you friend , ( he gesture at a photo of assani ) operate there , if you will , a " halfway house " . for the young woman they have induce , coerce or drugge into spend they short life . as the whore of Arabian tourist . of late the girl have be , in the main , from the former sov-bloc . now and again , a North american girl , if she be exceedingly lovely , ... blonde , usually blonde ... ( he pass the photo of very beautiful young girl across the table , to Scott ) will , unfortunately , find she way to Dubai . they travel drugge , they be - ( he search for the word ) - " tidy up " , and sell . for some reason , most of they be sell to yemen. ( pause ) the girl be generally hold , in Dubai , until the end of the month . ( he check he watch and look significantly at it ) when the merrymaker fly in to examine they . and take they purchase home . scott ... and then ? avi ( shrug ) that be " and then " . ( pause ) this be a floor plan of the building where the girl be hold , this be the security arrangement , this be the watch plan . ( more ) 115 . avi ( cont 'd ) ( he check he watch and raise he eyebrow ) the girl be take from the house in maskala , to the Royale Hotel , I presume you will hit they in transit ...? Scott open another envelope which avi have pass he . as he look at the document he pour out . scott ( read ) ... " jameson construction " ... they know we be there ...? avi I hope not . ( he show document to Scott ) the conex container for the exfil , also jameson construction . ( he gesture at the material on the table ) a passport for the Young girl ... ( he shrug ) between fifteen and twenty - five , they all look alike . scott ( as he look at the passport ) be that you experience ...? avi yes . it be . Nonetheless , we try to match it to a current photo ... angle , on Scott , as he look , questioningly at avi . avi take a photo from he desk and pass it to Scott . it show , through a long lens , blurry and grainy , a photo of what be obviously the platinum - haire Laura Newton , sit on a bed , in a bar room . avi ... she be there twelve hour ago . scott who take the photo ? avi ( shrug ) how would I know ...? ( pause ) 116 . scott what do the bonus cost ? avi ( shrug ) a gesture of friendship . but . we think : if you see some of the yemenin - ( he show Scott candid photo of several middle - age , bearded middle - eastern look man ) any of this , in particular ... would you say hello to they ? Scott scoops up the document , and stand . scott who else have you do a favor for , avi ? avi shake he head , and wag he finger , as if to say , " no , in all sincerity ... " avi Bobby : the world run on manners . beat . Scott take a envelope , and hand it to avi , who open it . he open he mouth to speak . scott the last third on exfil , in geneva . I and the girl . as agree . avi that 's not what I be go to say . scott what be you go to say ...? ( pause ) ... the last third in geneva ... ( he exit ) ext . rooftop , dubai . dusk . Scott , on a rooftop , behind a raise elevator housing . Scott take out a pair of binocular , and Scott lean around the elevator housing . angle he Pov . across the way , the window , and the ornate scrollwork bar , in which we , earlier , see the photo take on Laura Newton . 117 . angle on Scott , as he come back behind cover , and nod to himself , pick up he yellow bag . angle ext . dubai STREET . Scott , walk down the street , beyond he a building with a ornate scrollwork bar gate over its courtyard door . in the courtyard beyond , two mercede 600' . as Scott walk past the trelliswork it begin to open . a delivery truck be ushere through the gate , by a armed guard . Scott stop , to let the truck pass . angle he Pov . as he turn he head to the side . angle he Pov . walk from one outbuild , across the courtyard , beyond the gate , accompany by a minder , be Laura Newton . she be obviously drugge , disorient , and be hold up by the guard . he get into a conversation with a woman , dress as a matron , who come out of the building they have just vacate . and she stand , for a instant , untend . angle on Scott , the gate open , as the gate guard usher through the delivery van , and Laura Newton stand several yard away . angle xcu , Laura Newton , as she look in he direction , and she eye begin to focus , as if try to make sense of what she be see . angle , she minder , who react to a change in she attitude , and look at she , and , then , follow the direction of she gaze to the gate . angle he Pov . the delivery truck come through the gate , as the gate close behind it . the street beyond it , empty . angle int . the courtyard . as the delivery truck pull in , and Laura , escort by she guard , be take back into the main house . she turn to look back , groggily , wonderingly , at the street , and be push into the door . as she do so , we see the delivery truck pull up to the spot she just vacate , and the delivery man get out and open a rear door , on which we see scrawle , in the dirt , the " Picasso " symbol . angle ext . dubai STREET corner . Scott turn the corner , and get into a car , drive by Jones , which come to the curb . angle int . the car . in the backseat , Scott , another man sit next to he , smith , dress as a construction worker . the man start to speak . and Scott shush he , take out a notebook and a pencil , and begin to make note . 118 . ext . car , dubai . night . a desert streetcorner . various shutter posh shop . Scott walk across the street . angle cu on Scott , as he pace , as he walk . scott ... fourteen , fifteen , sixteen . the camera take he to the middle of the street . a right - hand turn , a tight corner . he look to he leave . angle he Pov . Beyond he , we see , several street off , the sign of the " Royale " hotel . Scott beckon , and the man , Smith , come out of the shadow . he and Scott walk to a small passageway , at the corner . camera take they through the passageway , where we see Jones , stand by he car , in a alley . scott it 's good . ( to Jones ) it 's very good . ( Jones nod he thanks ) the charge take the car out ... ( to Smith ) we get the flashbang fore and aft , you hit the driver , follow down the driver 's side , the car be not go nowhere , the muscle get out , I cap they , I go with the girl . ( he point to Jones . he point to the car . Jones nod . to Smith ) you exfil on you own , we be on to the airport . angle , tight on Scott , and Jones . scott at the airport . when we hit the conex . when you seal we in ... you walk away . jone I understand . 119 . scott I can not have heat on it . now : I know : that you want to protect the package . but : you have to walk away . and que sera , sera . jone I will not look back . int . warehouse room . night . Scott , at a desk , look over he plan . a photo of Laura Newton on he desk . Beyond he Smith and Jones be clean and assemble weapon . Scott take out he switchblade and begin to hone it . Scott look into the mechanism of the knife . peer intently , turn it over and rap it on the table . we see a small seed fall out . Smith turn to the sound , and look inquisitively at Scott . scott ( as he pick the seed up , answer Smith 's unspoken question ) ... it 's a appleseed . Smith nod as if to say , " if you say so " . Scott reach over to a box of q-tip , which sit on the table along with other cleanse paraphernalia , and dip one in the solvent bottle , and begin to clean the interior of he switchblade . angle xcu on Scott , as he clean the interior of he knife . his face freeze ... Scott lean over , and gesture at a tweezers as part of Smith 's clean kit . Smith nod " okay " . angle insert . the interior of the knife . a small , wafer thin electronic device adhere to the interior . angle on Scott . as he turn he back on the group . we see , in a insert . he hold the electronic device up for scrutiny , in the tweezers . he walk toward the window of the warehouse . smith ( as he clean he firearm , generally , as if speak of the universe ) " johnny appleseed " , eh ? scott ... yeah , I be just a man of peace ... we hear a car drive up , outside the warehouse . he look out of the window . 120 . angle , he Pov . just see , the nose of a small suv , around the corner , three man , get out of the car . angle int . warehouse day . Scott walk into a corridor of the warehouse . he look down a industrial staircase , and see the door at the bottom begin to open , stealthily . angle , camera take Scott to a small , filthy bathroom . he open the door . angle , at the bottom of the stair , stoddard , with two henchmen , heavily armed , look up . angle there Pov . Scott walk into the bathroom . angle , a floor of the warehouse . stoddard , and he accomplice , come up the stair to the floor , which hold Scott . there be several close door . one of the man consult a small hand - hold ' gps ' unit , and point at one of the door . the man take up position around this door . stoddard nod , and they open fire through the door . angle , int . the bathroom . the man kick down the door , to find the small cubicle - like room empty . one of they look around , and see , and remove the small wafer - thin electronic device from the top of the cistern . he show it to stoddard , who throw it down in disgust . as he , follow by he man , exit the room . angle ext . dubai STREET . night . we see the small suv park around the corner from the warehouse , a black clad driver , sit in the car , watch the warehouse . the door be wrench open , and we see Scott , the small yellow duffle over he shoulder , drag the driver from the car , and clout he to the ground . Scott get into the car , which begin to drive off . int . " maskala house " ( the house with the ornate scrollwork ) . dubai . night . angle , Laura Newton , drugge , listless , sit on the bed in the small room . we hear a large explosion , and Laura get up , and move toward the door of she room . she hear another explosion , and shout come from outside she door . she be reach for the handle of the door , when the door open , and one of she bodyguard open the door , and address she . bodyguard ... stay in you room , and ... he turn as another explosion be hear , come from the interior of the house . as he turn we hear glass break , and see Scott enter through the window behind Laura . 121. the bodyguard turn , and Scott raise a silence pistol , and shoot the bodyguard twice . the bodyguard fall , Scott move to he , and drag he inside the room . he raise he pistol gesture " shush " to Laura , and move she toward the window . LAURA ... who ...? he use the rope outside the window to improvise a sling , for Laura , and drape it over she head , and under she arm . Scott pick she up , and hold she for a moment . she start to speak . and he answer she question . scott stay by I . he hesitates for a moment . we hear another explosion , he nod , as if to say " that 's what we be wait for " , and pass she out of the window , and begin lowering she to the ground . angle ext . the build . Laura , on the rope , reach the ground . angle int . the room . Scott , as he turn to the sound of the door open , two man come through the door , and he shoot they . angle ext . the build . Scott put Laura into the suv and get behind the driver 's seat . he put the car in gear , and it begin to drive off . angle int . the car . Laura turn to face he . LAURA ... they say they be go to take care of I ... scott I be go to take care of you . you hold on , now . ( as Scott drive he reload he weapon ) LAURA ( lazily ) who be you ? scott ... you remember , baby , we go to high school together ... ( pause ) you drop you earring . 122. she shake she head . drugged . try to make sense of the proceedings . scott you be Picasso , right ...? that 's who you be ... he draw the Picasso sign on the windshield , she look at it , have trouble focus . LAURA ... they be go to send I to a Party . scott no , baby , you be go home. ( pause ) you be just take the long way home . angle ext . the car . move through the street . the airport just become visible in the background . int . bare room . dubai . night . Laura , asleep , at a small cardtable . out of the window we see a expanse of desert and scrub . her head be down . Scott enter the room , he move a chair in front of the door , move to Laura , and manhandle she to a small cot , and close the shutter to the window . scott ... I tell you to stay on the bed . we see she wake and look around , try to place herself . angle on Scott , as he take out a notebook and begin to make note in it . scott ... you be go travel . LAURA ... what ...? scott ... we be go to take a little trip . she take out a crumpled pack of cigarettes , and extract the last one . she take out a match . scott ... put that away . 123. LAURA ... I need a smoke . scott y'ca not smoke it . american tobacco . smell . carry . in the desert air . he look down he list , and nod . he take a bandana from he pocket and hand it to she . scott put that on . over you head . LAURA whatsamatter , you do not like blond ...? scott Whole world like blond . that 's why you be here . put the bandana on . LAURA ( as she try to light the cigarette ) I need a smoke . ( he take it away from she , and crumble it . ) ... gimme the fucken smoke . he shush she , and move to the window . angle , ext . the window . the first gleam of dawn . and , far off , a muezzin be hear chant morning prayer . Laura move toward he , unbuttone she blouse . LAURA I could make you give I the smoke . he slap she lightly in the face . scott keep it together . ( he take a small hypodermic kit ) keep it together , or I be gonna give you a shot and carry you out . she react violently to the sight of the needle . beat . then , she sit on the bed and cry self - pityingly . LAURA nobody care about I ... 124 . hold . on Scott . and we take he back to a small shelf near the door . he take down what we see be a ashtray , overfull with yellow - brown cigarette butt . he take the ashtray to the small table , take out he knife , and begin shredd the butt , and gather the tobacco into a pile . scott ... that 's right ... LAURA ... I be just a whore ... they would not even come get I ... scott they send I ... Scott look at the pile of tobacco . he extract the " Rogers ranger " card from he pocket and look at it . we read , in a insert : " rule # 13 : every night , you will be tell where to meet , if surrounded by Superior Force " . angle , on Scott , as he very precisely peel the card into two thin halve , and roll one of the halve into a cigarette , use the reclaim tobacco from the ashtray . he take the cigarette to Laura . as a peace offer . she take it . beat . LAURA do my father send you ? scott ( as he light she cigarette ) ... that 's right . LAURA ( derisively ) one man . scott one riot , one Ranger , you ever hear that ? angle , on Scott , as he hear a car outside the window . he draw a pistol and move to the window , and look down . he gesture Laura to be quiet . angle ext . the window . in the small , desert street . a car pull up . a man get out , and look around . beat . another man , and a woman , and two small child come out of the low house and get into the car , which drive away . 125 . LAURA leonide , the King of sparta , when a neighbor state would beg for military Aid . would send one man . scott ... well , there you go . LAURA ... you ever hear that ? scott no . I think we go to different school . he look at she . beat . she hand he the cigarette . and he take a drag , and pass it back . he check he watch . scott ... put the bandana on . LAURA ( softly ) do you hear the one about the king who turn he daughter into gold ? scott yeah - I hear that one . beat . she turn away , and cry . LAURA ... I do not want to go home . scott I do not ask you . ext . dubai airport . day . a long view of the airport . angle , a small delivery van we see earlier . park in a industrial area . angle int the van . Laura , doze in the passenger seat . Scott , sit in the driver 's seat , alert , watch . angle he Pov . see beyond the corner of a industrial building , beyond a chainlink fence , the airport . angle int . the car . Laura wake with a start , and look around . 126 . LAURA I do not know where we be ... scott you just keep it together . angle Scott as he look up to the sound of a plane . angle he Pov . directly over they head , a small bizjet , on final , about to touch down . angle , the chainlink fence . Scott and Laura at the fence protect the airport . Scott move aside the pre-cut section of fence , and gesture he through . angle , inside the fence . Laura and Scott move to the protection of a small hangar . angle , beyond they , we see the bizjet come to a halt , on the tarmac , and turn . we see blazon , on its side , " Global News " . angle , on Scott and Laura , now inside the small hangar . Scott move to a small locker and extract a set of coverall , and a cap , and take they to Laura . scott ( of the coverall ) you put this on . LAURA ( groggily ) ... what ...? scott you ... a pause . he turn to the sound of a car . angle he Pov . a car , on the tarmac . it come to a stop by a private plane . Beyond this private plane , we see the " Global News " bizjet , be direct to a stop . angle , on Scott , as he watch the tarmac . angle he Pov . stoddard and several of he man , get out of the car which have stop by the private plane . a man in fatigue emerge from the plane , and hand stoddard a piece of paper . stoddard begin give this man direction . angle int . the cargo hangar . Scott and Laura , who now have on the mechanic coverall . 127 . angle Scott , as he look out of the hangar door . to he right , the plane with stoddard and he man , to he leave , the " Global News " bizjet , its hatchway staircase , just descend . angle on Scott , as he look at he watch . he turn to Laura . scott a little walk - in- the-park . ( he point she to the News jet ) see there ...? angle ext . the news bizjet . where a man in a safari jacket , and a woman emerge from the plane , and glare at the sun . we see this man consult he watch . angle , on Scott and Laura , as he walk she out of the hangar , and towards the news bizjet . in the b.g . we see stoddard , and he man , at they plane . another car pull up to stoddard , disgorge a man , who go to conference with stoddard . angle , this two man . second man ( give he report ) ... all of the passenger terminal , and all access-point to the cargo and General Aviation ... LAURA ( groggily , as in a dream ) no , you know what my mistake be ...? scott ( as he look around ) ... what be that ...? he stop and pick up a pair of " paddle " from they position , lean against the nose wheel of a plane . they walk on . in the bg we see stoddard and he crew , search . scott ... what be you mistake ...? LAURA ( from a distance , as she begin to laugh , as at a great private joke ; she stop walk ) ... you think we bring we trouble on ourselves ...? 128. scott I be certain of it . she start laugh , get hysterical . scott no , no ... come on baby ... come on , come on girl : just walk to the plane : just get on the plane ... walk to the plane ... she start to break free and Scott manoeuvre she into a small hangar area . she be struggle mightily . Scott have he hand over she mouth . angle . we see they foot move through a pool of oil on the concrete floor - we see she lose she foot . we see Scott tighten he grip on she , and be furiously try to calm she . scott shussh , baby ... shussh ... shussh ... it 's go to be alright ... we see he work a small hypodermic kit from the pocket of he jacket . we see Laura see it , and she eye grow wide . scott this 's go to make everything allright ... Laura react to the hypodermic , which Scott be bring toward she . and scream . LAURA no ! ext . the hangar area . we see stoddard , and he man , about to get into they Jeep , stop , and turn at the sound . angle int . the hangar Area . Signs all over mark in Arabic and English - " petrol - no smoke !! " as Scott lunge after Laura , the door , behind she burst open , and stoddard and a accomplice enter , place Laura , in the midst of the hangar , between stoddard and Scott . who stand in front of a large tanker label " Aviation gasoline " . 129 . stoddard leave she alone. ( to he man ) do not shoot he , do not shoot , you will blow the thing sky high ... scott Laura ... stoddard thank God we found you . you know I . I work for mister burch . I have meet you ... angle on Laura , stand between the two man . she be completely confuse . she look from one to another . LAURA ( drugge and groggy ) he say that he come to get I ... ( she shake she head in disbelief . then she start to walk a step toward Scott , then turn , and proceed toward stoddard . ) stoddard that 's right , Laura ... walk away from he . walk to the plane ... he can not hurt you now . walk to the plane ... he point at he bizjet , outside , on the tarmac . Laura walk , unsteadily , in the direction point , and we see a female attendant , in a vaguely military getup , get out of the plane , and begin to walk toward Laura . scott ( scream ) no ... he start toward Laura . and stoddard and he two man interpose themselves between Scott and Laura , who be approach the plane . stoddard 's two man approach Scott . one draw a knife . angle on Scott , who hang he head , wearily . he look down at he empty hand . angle on the man with the knife , approach he . 130 . angle on Scott , straighten himself , as if submit to the inevitable , as the man with the knife draw closer . he make a thrust , and cover . Scott step toward he and spit at he , full in the face . the man with the knife recoil for a moment , and Scott disarm he , throw he viciously to the concrete floor , and stomp on he . Scott bend to pick up the knife the man have drop , and turn to face the other man . as he do so , he slip on what we see be a large pool of oil on the floor . he go down heavily . and the second man step into he as he fall , draw he pistol . stoddard don't shoot , don't shoot , don't shoot he in here ... the man use the pistol to cuff Scott , who be attempt to rise to he knee , behind the ear . Scott fall . stoddard cuff ' im ... the man handcuffs Scott behind he back . angle on Scott shaking he head to clear it , as he now struggle to he knee . angle , he Pov . Laura Newton , walk toward the bizjet . stoddard ( to Scott ) yes ... well ... scott let the girl go home . ( pause ) stoddard ( to he henchmen ) ... wait till she lift off , take he outside and shoot he . scott ( as he speak he move , slightly , continuously , to get a better view of the girl ) ... why can not the girl go Home ? stoddard ( cu ) because she 's dead . ( pause ) you have to know the secret knowledge . do not you ? 131 . scott what be the secret knowledge ? stoddard the secret knowledge be : there be no secret knowledge . ( turn over he shoulder , to look at Laura , walk toward the plane ) you go Beyond what be permitted . and the god be angry . angle . on the tarmac . Laura , walk toward the plane , the petroleum storage hangar behind she . we see a vaguely military uniform woman fall into step beside she and take she arm . Laura look at she . we see Laura full face , and just the shoulder of the woman escort she . Beyond they we hear the engine of the bizjet start up . LAURA ... I be so tired . woman ... I be go to ask you to do just the one more thing ... Laura look at she questioningly . woman I be go to ask you , now , to walk away from this plane , and come with I . angle , to show that the stewardess , who descend from the bizjet ( the vaguely military clad young woman we see earlier ) be still on station outside of the bizjet , and that the woman who be walk and talk with Laura be Jackie Black , the young female sergeant we meet earlier . Laura look at she uncomprehendingly . Laura begin shaking she head pathetically , and protest , draw away from Jackie Black . LAURA no ... leave I alone . no - I do not know you ... angle , int . the Petroleum hangar . Day . 132 . stoddard ( to he man , as he , stoddard , cast a glance outside , and then back ) alright , take he outside ... ( the henchman hoist Scott to he foot ) angle , on Laura and Jackie Black . stand immobile . Laura look down at something . she then look up , she face transfix . angle , on Jackie Black 's hand , she hold the cheap jewelry box we see earlier , and , in it . the photo of Laura and donny , and the legend : " donny you can keep this box , cause I will never take they off . " angle xcu , on Laura , as she look at Jackie , who now move Laura away from the bizjet , and towards the assemblage of newspeople , who be on the tarmac , around the " global news " jet . angle , ext . the Global News jet . a female reporter , gossipe , with some of she crew , look over in the direction of Laura and Jackie , and do a double - take . female reporter oh , my God ... angle , on stoddard , he man , and Scott . as they leave the hangar . stoddard look around . angle , he Pov . Inside the hangar , the fall man , that Scott have kill . stoddard go back inside , to drag this man away . he look up . and , as he do so , he see Laura , walk with Jackie Black , toward the Global News plane . stoddard ( yell ) wait ...! angle , on Jackie Black and Laura , walk toward the plane , where we see the crew hurriedly set up a camera . angle , on stoddard , as he draw he pistol , and fire toward Laura and Jackie . we see Jackie move to shield Laura , and then , strike by a bullet , she go down . jackie black ( to Laura ) keep walk ... angle , on Scott , in the grip of stoddard 's henchman . 133. henchman ( to stoddard ) ... do you want I to ...? in the moment he be distract . Scott break the man 's grip , and he arm . he knee the man , and kick he to the ground . angle , int . the Global jet . the news crew react to the shot . Beyond they we see Jackie , fall to the tarmac , and Laura , be walk toward the newspeople . female reporter gimme a uplink gimme a uplink ... get it on the sat . now now now ... Inside the jet we see various monitor , and one switch from a innocuous travelogue , to the scene at the airport , and the caption " live " . we see the shot be take from inside the plane . we see Laura stumbling toward the bizjet , and see the female reporter run out of the plane , and move she to safety inside the cabin . female reporter ( to the unseen cameraman ) on she . on she , get it on the girl ... get we out of here ... the camera shift to the image of Laura Newton , go out live . behind she we hear the crew shoot command , and see the door to the Global jet close , as the jet begin to taxi . angle , int . the Petroleum hangar . we see stoddard , reloading he pistol . in the bg we see Scott step through he handcuffs , that be , bring they in front of he body . he take a pistol from the henchman , who be write on the floor . he raise the pistol and shoot the henchman . he turn on stoddard . scott the girl be not dead , baby , you be dead . you see : that 's the difference . he walk toward stoddard , who be fumble , try to reload he pistol . stoddard wait : wait . the girl 's home . you bring she home . now , listen to I , because I be go to tell you ... now , you want to be " inside " ... I be go to take you as far inside as you can go : Z'at what you want ...? be that what you want ? 134 . scott no , I just want to bring the girl back . he shoot stoddard , who fall . angle , int . the bizjet , as it taxi . Laura Newton turn she face to the sound of the shot . angle , she Pov . Jackie Black , on the tarmac , Scott , kneel to the fall stoddard , and then run out of the hangar toward she . angle , on Scott , run , as we see he have the key he have take from stoddard , and be release he handcuffs . angle Jackie Black , bleed , as Scott kneel to she , and cradle she . Scott look down . Black be weaken , and obviously expire . jackie black ... be she safe ? scott that 's right , she 's safe . jackie black ( weakly , almost whisper ) ... well , then ... angle on Scott , cradling she . weeping , as he smoothes she hair . scott ... that 's right , baby ... fade out . spartan a screenplay by David mamet copyright c 2002 by David mamet august 2002