spartacus revise final screenplay JANUARY 16 , 1959 screenplay by dalton trumbo base on the novel by howard fast revise final screenplay meg aus - wase Change 6/5/55 zhoote the cia faam or fhabsus ree bero change to — = + dignyaive . th of wes 1 un — — — _ — _ — sees I ase te antoninus kill . crassus ' horse * pred . 29 revised 6/20/59 tan shoot schedule ys wet 's 1 : ye Mo , 1888 title spartacus for director S. kubrick j svar asst . dir . M. GREEN i choose camera day bus . mgr . n. deming 1 % i | [ 3 ward - day camera description gf set or location actor robe | seq | page location or day and date '' working {change or studio night thurs . ext. appian gat batiatus | 1 / l ) gausman D i 6/11/59 varinia fy gulch =. se. part 419 , 420 centurion ! | 6 praetorian | 4 . | batietus and varinia pass 20 soldier | through gate on wagon - wagon j stop by centurion . | horse fri . | ext , appian gate spartact | k | gausman N mor. eee ey antoninus | gulch tue . 1 ses 361 through 360 dbl crassus 6/12/59 | ; dbl caesar ' 6/15/59 | spertacus and antoninus 2h , soldier 6/16/59 | talk ~ fight to death - '' , cavalry ; i : : i int . spartacus ' cell | spartacus | 3 - | stage 20 ) ' N i ' } varinia |! 1 /4 h| { ' se. 119 - C , ' 120 if 1 yarinia say goodbye to i i ) spartacus . | i TaorS. | ext . spartacus ' camp at spartacus i. | fox ranch D fri . - vesuv.lus not antoninus not ; mon . | crixus _ 6/18/59 | se. 217 theu 223 david } 6/19/59 | . dionysius 6/22/59 j} antoninus arrive - play old crone | legg trick on spartacus . carpenter lst man - | : 2nd man | 250 slave ! 20 child ; 2 welfare worker i , + L i ext , slave encampment spartacus | 1 - | Fox D | i antoninus | 3 / 4 ] ranch i sc. 226 varinia i hm dionysius | | i 5 antoninus play egg trick 150 slave | ( > again - spartacus . 2 -< tldren ° ! '' ar ! ; | - } i ' =. st so PC : 4 28 vise £ /10/59 yo shoot sched 2 will , 1888 title spartacus oirector ss 'o kubrick seart asst . dir . M. GREEN close camera day bus . mgr . n. deming camera day and date 6/3/59 actor forking location or stugio description of set or location ext , slave encanpment antoninus stage 12 . spartacus 1/2 se. part 224 , 225 varinia crixus antoninus singse dayid ext , beach spartacus 1 + | sequit D wed .» 6/4/59 | ntoninus 1/2 | point sc. 271 , 271+b 12 rider ; 14 horse spartacus and antoninus | look down and see pirate ship . thurs . | int . slave hdctr . tent : spartacus 3 - | stage 12 N fullle /59 varinia i 13 / 8 i ; se. 272 , a , bs C ianponirus i crixus ! spartacus decide the march david on Rome instead of take dionysius ship . officer ! fri . . ext , square iantoninus 1 |s. clair ) D 6/26/59 spartacus ome se. 254 , 255 itigrane . 25 slave army antoninus bring tigrane : into camp . | ext . road ( rain ) spartacus anicninus se. 356 - I thry 256-1-3 david | legcionary crucify slave in rain . ( 150 slave 's 120 soldier cripple 1/4 back lot D | _ camera : or ay ano date working change or stuDta night , 1 pH Fe ret ont spartacus mon , 6/23/59 revised 6/10/59 shoot schedule title sfartacus camera day description of set or location int . se , 256 hdgtr . tent bergain with pirate over ship . ext . supply depot | se. 258 , a , B , C , D , E , G spartacus catch crixus steal supplies . actor robe dionysius tigrane 4 slave crixus spartacus david dionysius 150 slave wagon & 2 director S. kubrick asst . dir . M. GREEN bus . mgr . n. deming waro - || T par seq | page location 12 stage 12 ) N see at al ae ( os eee . be od | me oe maer 776755 w7ts9 | ext . slave camp - Depot sc. 259 , a , B , C , D , E , F , F & . spartacus hang crixus . reaction shot tony | ext . slave camp # $e. 290 , 291 spartacus discuss strategy - go to tent . sc. 290 , 291 reaction shot of tony . spartacus crixus antoninus varinia david dionysius . 150 slave }1c child |2 welfare worker , wagon & team 2 mule spartacus antoninus | crixus david 100 slave | } ss i | stage 12 xn po-qe----4---- ee '' | revised 6/10/59 shoot schedule u | 'w ) title spartacus director S , kubrick i a asst.dir . = m , GREEN i camera day bus . wgr . =n , deming description of set or location actor , location on i working ' or studio night — ext . autumn contryside ' a antoninus | } location ? se , 262 , a , B , C , D , E , F , 263 , |slave leader | a , B , C , D , E , F , G 13 , ad lin | t 1300 slave j | | ; F : i ispartacus 4 | locan D i i runaway slave want to join /|20 child spartacus , he tell they ( 2 welfare worker he have too many already . { 10 horse '' I ext . town sguare '' ispartacus j 5 /8 | mexican D '' antoninos STREET i se. 263-h , 263=I , 263 -5 " david ! dionystus spertacus seea slave leader slave leade torture - order town 20 slave ( mounted ) | jburn . : 5 slave ~| dead | | az ( a 2 woman { se 2 child fare yorker isparsacus ! horse | 23 horse in ext , spartacus camp ~ spartacus | 2 = | fox DB = vesvius -=st= < '' =ic=cccss vwarinia : 1/4 ) ranch . |- crixus | se. 217 through 220 avid '' ionysius ) open ~ Exercise & train - | 250 slave | ing slave army . 20 child 2 welfare worker i ] lo pack mule i 6 horse i : 3 cart & rse partacus 5 - ( stage 12 N ' varinia pyare ~ | icrixus } se. 229 through 2h0 david $ 33 N sc. a , re tonysius ; " we want to go to Rome . sentry S : ) b.utry warn that Roman ) jare near - argue about [ voice sc , 237 } { twun away = decide to mother sc. 237 } attack , 50 slave j < | j acrobat | . 5 child a oo be beatacti rab . Li , 1955 estdwted footage = - bev , Fine ] saresepley , jam. lgth , ber. thre Feb. 3 , 14 . geolict , — E fest 1 «0 11a ebei per pee - prerees = 9 ) pry l339 cresem and paris acc ire at ape et to lessee sete Le erder yer the emotanter wikh sparctecw , platsbaok doping a crea téalated speatteces ! beokgredht of & thedlien slave wporkliog io the ggrpt= ium wine . we pee bie bamstring & geerd for vhie be be seoteoce £ 4 die et sender , | bat leto ori bin iohy sather eo bo traiood im bie simdlatectel Zobael to capon . aba on lik fh ber oe , = ater , - 7s sic ly 147 farias , of yree - pere elete gle k be tebe toto apertmoee ! well he poaade ond intrige bie by ic oepirite detisesge and rafol to be owed ? oo meteor whet he dow to ber . 35 a goreea lo beach bie ee reed , the sereb beninlog praceed im tia sohecl and spertecc learn heat fed play can be ooetly chem drobe tele advectage of it end give spertaoe a black mark , «= tariple seegg lee $ be bipbebat leva bla ced . 79 = u6 19 = ersr , - 1.3e7 wt 14h oresema , ghiebre 24 tee ledle arrive at the achoel , the aeidd dumandiog ah shi bitien of twa pedir oof gladistora figheiog .e the deeth . datlay beodrte they t+ §be oblle phece tia ; onece grebe and speeteoee for we pele . ferinis , if rerflog bow cheese , pdrpoely epille wine a iby mfiiese }letrous , creveue quickly bare bar to arert beeiaeuet eroth , dobie fight spartacus je jb areca bet euddepir eat the bttage the gegete oy the ae , cee tate bee ground mad keiien gis expertly . - 3 lind fe = = don 1 aot speriooe ped veriogie gr clower tegather 4 : cack amder - etead the cther ? 's yearmiog yer craniad . som talle bie goodhyn de fora oho da o26 leste for grademe ! bousgaoldé ty boga . meroe lloe , the traloar , taupte spertegos with ferdode and provoke ihe reralt of the @ladiator . jtlowd by tha oh ome , weblog with tha woman and qhild . ode 7 '' tateat the garrlaco af capo . he aoe cisiee I willing farigie ef ble mn . - # 10 tae La = sy = oe L , ocho orasanus reere ble aotalituento to attend the contain jemate . glabran , coma af ibe fume darriace , ia charge wikb the aaptore of spertaoos . creenae rate &o iofor olabrae that gracdbus fas trigked bin into the eeeiqroant that may rude ale , lo order thet ble mm protégé , dulige career may take ocemend , = gracahun pare fat iatea lo adtanew for varioia io cone gba ie capture and aold , a 1 ) = 347 eI / 4 ; - - a0 o16 eresmee inetroote bis or alaretoy , 20bcniow , bak bosee bim wap eee dey jump oft the geloomy and be leat lo the padedie sarriscg op ik ie * tbe alk . ob erte ble euthority crear crirae wha farate marckiog on wee , fact talis bim abe ia with orl . ar apis ts , 42 pe ered ba a abe , deford spertesos that ¢lebro fisté to @ttack bis arey ib ear moral . ay = ajt 16 - 15 fy dar pe be . = 69 slp 1,164 the [ ela ganrage co ager pirclbiee 's aposest of the ammniellacion of the garriesn . spartacus acborte bia follower to dunk with not bireted for ler portatico aod feore tee solon lode 81 ) thar sant tf froodom . commeus try to weag chomer oeey foo gracohue 453 aetetliah bheeeif ae 2 dletotor afl = 289 we 5 / 4 I = - F = 1,338 bperteous dearn thet cragsme mid be bol bdd bee and emmelog daley je the arrite ) ] of the piece abi pa . [ otureetad , be oe gida to marce a bom+ , gresckon triste comsar on poll gicw ) pirat acy whale creasege de ac¢ ] aim firat foneul asd tate the flald kimenid agelpet speriecke . ba commend betiatos to stand by aod idagkify bperthoae for bie ie the cdming bele ay . 355 ay = vu = lak spartacve blaoe ade strategy with bs teadore than poor ia taerinib whe expact the obild momentarily . mobor khan fetid he Jew lo mad ep priaet , wbomgh to 6 diffaramt religy , be order = oman barrtlige the sty sor alt who wieh dt , fouludieg bimeel F and 'arnin_ feite gold ie belag gertorma ] , luoullue ' and posner 's apeias eppronah fe jolp cromega . the bekele le ptapad aftwtege over the fiver sidarun - ciespee gat betlate wearchipng the gheio for sparctacam fied only pec. fod ber ecrsdore aoa . 304 fo00 ste vhek spertecoe ja age , crest seneo't believe bhie apd order bor send the rie pele lo eom , 3548 = 356 wea be =4r = 2 nue 143 whe gatletue deliver 2 ecratad bagg , suppedadiy spartegus ' , crasher ardern bim flogge , beciedue sane cragmuel grodgigg reapedt br vlebmigg gemth flret , bie dur mar 2 poa igight , fe ree inde srambue thet fe creipe the preeioel general of toe tie spathac ue . dmceg the pass prhaetert , spperbague beara thie aod 3 ha , dbow thal betlete bas go llotettdem to giteog fhe mer . tela group of primcare dp quarter 40 greseue " fem ,ly tomb where be betne vision th no mk gperbecus , if praeeot , co gie bleeell op ged pare toe life ef the other . wham be doet # 6 , bie obboras qedekly cidlouwle bia hopieg ( 4 oopfude creseoe . te¢f #adh fighb ao the death in the tome , erend , im match pabe eth toe sole éueveror to be orwoifiad a : dann . craszos ls ferteey tefer late bp feriogia 's ( atechretatiea tf tore mar ube bhere 1 % # @ilb spartan , eee iga = e / a = prer , = ct 1,371 - a bracteoue conpisee bie wen to dia like @ety , aw , ant ah the @obent o¢ they mm choopicg , iewtaed of iie ole ok eleva ms they bere bad 02 10s . | rasehee gdptieaione getistun 14 kidnap tar|pye 40d dalivar tap to blip , gresdoe ond bie powste ere feefle br the glad¢latore eolmiaey can d eee lgl oe 4 BP arratge momeqt . antemioos dlecegecd pr * doetrectl ona aad try deaperately to ell spartecos ip order ts be crush fied in bis plese , graadi pee to sperteo i edelretbop for oie leader abip ooo av ferd bid bead . spartacus cetuee , preferyiog bie fate . = 'al 1a L / a = gr = 1,088 griseke Le smeeeet flastare whee batigtas deiteete tartvia to kim , with the baby , thowgh it bas pmbiag the do with i. bia plax to send ser sade to she ore gepeesis rib god repo | bec focerer¢ trem bie ero rifel , ereseop , be eberge paligioe : 1 i I with bar agfe de ) itecy defare be lenten tha eomtry with tha for tm . be log pay to mroonpligh thie . gfetobde quietly peeiras ' 0 fle 2 oe pate de beter cres afyire , efter watch og bt aywrliieiag witb caeper iad party . beilatin appreacgh tbe wearte tad ake permigedem for the riodiete wife t thle Le tredted a a joke bot the anree . farioie for speriece to eae Le ie tring sgonr . bia lest rigleon af bar ja ee the erage irom ths sharict digeppatrieg 19 freddie ie tae diotenee , weal 0 lge / 's poe. pr. per pes + rer. = 74 pee la fat Ft. | app raclest lean fime = 3 hees 44 ! 177 | i fale g1 bis30 lfag #1888 phonetics base on U.S. usage spartacus - SPAR ’ta-kus lucius polybius petronius - lo’shus po - lib ' i- we ps tro '' not - we marcus licintus crassus - mar kus li:sin ' i - we kras '' we septimus publius - sep tiemus pub '' li- we livia drusilla - liv '' i+a dré-sil '' , gannicus - gan ’i-kus bruculius - brd-kul '' we lentulus batiatus - len '' ti-lus bgytt atus lucano = lo-kan ‘s . crixus - krix ' % we caius - ka '' be septimus - sep ’ti-mus marcellus - mdr* sel '' we ramon - ra-mon7 varinia ~ va-rini-a , draba ~ dra '' ba or dra '' be varinius glabrus - va-ri '' ni- we gla ’brus relena glabra - hele - to gla’brif . claudia maria - kio '' diea mar 's ten septimus caius marius - sep '' tiem ka '' we mar '' 1 - we antataxes = ansta-taks 'és antoninus - ant not %us lentulus gracchus - len“ ti-ius grak '' we publius vartus - pub / liseus v&r“1 -us caius metallius - ka '' be me-tai '' 4 -us paribian - pa-rib '' % 4 - a . 4 , ~ patroculus fabtus - pa-tro “mi.us fa’b4.us praetorian ( army ) - pré.to '' ri-an velleius hector commodius - verie '' we hektor kom -o’dé.us patulus - pati@-lus parabus - PA ra-bus lucullus + lo-kul '' as #19898 . page 2 phcnetics base on U.S. usage capua - kap a.a . 7 metapontum - met-a-pon tum commodius - kon *o - dus lugeria - lo-ser '' 1 - a 4 '' 7 ns dectus caius marius - desh we ka we mar ieus publius marcus - pub li-us mar '' kus capitoline hill - kapteto.line # 121 gircus maximus ~ ser ’kus mak ’si-mus nola = = no“ 18 cora - ko ‘ra . ttarrantine BAY - ' tar 's an-tin Bay brundusium - brun du ' shi-um publius fabius cornelius - pub ' lieus fa 's bieus kér-nel 's yus picengn «= ~ pi s8 ’num quintus pabius optiniv - kwin ’tus pi’ bieus ope timteus onaeus pompeius magnus - o - ne ’us pom - fe '' as mag '' nus lanista ~ lan '' be xoa trebinuk - tre -bi '' pum GIS - alpine - sis¢al '' pine #1688 I > & et pl pm bs ] hi h th ° 10 6d of of aja as as as in in in phonetic key fat fate far bear a-sound be obscure , as in rural net meet . _ e-sound be obscure , as in towel pin pine dog note spoon song o-sound be obscure , as in actor up mute denote syllable have primary accent denote division between syllable . # 1688 ~ 2/24/59 wild cu ? yor use in " training momracs " mo . close shot - balcony = batiatus and ramnow e bis master , stylus and papyrus in Ramon be stand best hand , take ¢own he instruction , batietus be seat , lean forwerd on he hand which be fold on the balcony , he be observe though scei= below with the intent , critical eye of a expert . not once , while he speak , do he take he eye from the scene telow . batiatus the lybian chap . hetll never do for sword - play . shift he to the short dagrer , J { panon write ) the ethiopian do not even pretend to defend himself , he must . number five flincn , he must not . Ramon take the messege mechanically , the master , without even @ glance at he , have rise end be now start for the stair that lead to tie area below , Ramon hurriedly follow . mag # 1888 - change 4/29/59 . p\ 2 oak to and em ee 4 cp ee spartacus a rte aie es ; '' fade in a wo t ext , road - long shot - crassus and escort ~ night i ( x ) mounted escort of twelve man and three staff officer . occa - sional rumble of thunder . no rain but invermittant flash of ' dazzle sheet lightning . they ride out of frame . dissolve to ext , hill - matte ~ favoring crassus , z ) x the horseman pause on crest of hill . a flash of lightning reveal the mass legion several mile below on the broad plain , the group move off , 7 '' : dissolve to . 3 omitted through . wt ( x ) 5 ext , praetorium - ¥=6ht 6 the command headquarters 1s shelter by a magnificent tent pattern in gay color stripe . duard of honor stand at attention as crassus and he party pull they sweat , excited mount to a halt . they dismount . crassus , without a word or sideglance , move swiftly up the brief step to the entrance of he headquarters , he associate follow behind . they enter the tent . int , command headquarters = night 7 perhaps twenty rank officer of the army come instantly to attention as crassus enter . Guards and attendant spring into action , crassus , without lock directly at he wait staff , merely say " gentlemen , " begin to divest himself of he cloak , glove ete. , keep in physical action all the while , pick up a dispatch from one desk , crossing with it as he read it , drop it on another . when he glove , helmet and cloak be remove , he turn to the entire room . crassus have you disposition be make ? first officer each maniple know its position in line , sir , and exactly what 's expect of it . every legion commander have be - ceive he battle order . continued a ff ) i } i i i : # 1888 3 continued 7 crassus '' excellent , all position will be change . New battle order xill cu be issue in the morning . : ( they react ( i in surprise ) we spartacus take great interest in '' y we plan . at metapontum he know a a more about commodius ' order of '' o ' ns \af '' battle than commodius himself . '' second officer commodius have slave attach to he army . they betrayed he plan . . crassus true . yet lentulus have no slave at all with he force , and still he lose thirty thousand man . second officer he divide he army . | crassus turn sharply on second Officer . | crassus a blunder be the effect of peeve never its cause . ( to room in general ) all rank of legion commander and above will join I in my quarter , he turn , move swiftiy across room exit through another doorway . perhaps twelve of the officer in thut room move behind he , int . crassus ' personal headquarters - ey full shot 8 it be richly furnish . a low table be flanke by the consular banner and crassus ! 's own dersonal banner . the table contain map ; parchment scroll , fruit , wine , and the golden baton , or wand , which be the symbol of crassus ' authority as commander - in-chisf . crassus begin to roam the room . he begin to speak before the last of he com - mander have actually enter . the commander remain stand , rayne nin the most painfully wy sention , continued i : a je # 1888 " 4 oo 8 continued 8 crassus nine Roman army have be destr ry by spartacus because they go out\ to fight slave . unless I be able\ to persuade you that the enemy we engage tomorrow consider themselves '' '' ' : free man and fight like free man - -- ; { then we shall be defeat . and we defeat will mean the fall of Rome , '' '' he start acrosa the room toward he carve chair behind the low table , pause , and stab the air incisively with he forefinger . 's crassus the question be this : why have a } rabble of slave be able to destroy | the best troops the world ever see ? to answer such a question , you must understand that rabble , and most particularly , you must understand / the man who command they . there be a uneasy stir ; muttere affirmatdve . crassus fling himself into he chair , indicate cia a roll before he . ' crassus J experience have teach I the conven - dence of know nothing about my friend and absolutely everything about my enemy . my informer range from the gutter of Antioch to the temple cf Jupiter in Rome herself . since the first beginning of this accurse redeliion , they have concentrate on one man , and one man only --- spartacus . before we move on to tactic I be there - fore determine to confront you with the essence of we problem . with : the mar. himself . with spartacus , 4 ( stare coldly around ) i be there anyone here who consider this slave unworthy of he attention ? : round of ad lib no , sir ! perfectly right !... ete . crassus relax once more , sink far back in he chair , his eye assume a faraway gaze , as if he be actually witness and evaluate that which he describe . fr ror fn a 1 nag enbide tveeit rnr LED earn L pooie ab ; i 10 | | o .. a ; will _ see 12 1 13 lo ) # 1888 5 continued - 10 crassus spartacus be what the egyptian cail a koruu . that be to say , he be in the third generation of bear slave . be be soid from Thrace as a boy into Egypt . at fourteen he go into the mine . I have see that mine ... '' dissclve to full wide angle - egyptian or libyan desert ~- high , hot noon 11 the desert blaze beneath the sun 's direct and shocking ray . heat wave distort vision . there 1s a sense of fever in the air . in the b.g. a jag rock escarpment frame the end of a low range of craggy , barren hill . through the crevice and over the surface of the escarpment crawl a swarm of male slave of vary age , each wear leg chain but devoid of all other shackle . they be almost naked . whip - carry guard be station at every strategic spot , urging the slave to great exertion . the slave , with pick , spike , iron spear and hammer , hack away at the vein of gold - bear quertz which ribbon the grey rock of the escarpment , and give it all its value . closer shot = group of slave with guard 12 the slave be in the last stage of physical exhaustion -- and they work day be scarcely at the half - way mark , they body glisten with sweat which run in rivulet down the scar - trough that cover they back and buttock . they work barefoot , with scarcely more than loinclotn for clothing . they mouth be dry for lack of water ; they eye large and wide from ince ~ sant suffer . they beard be matte , they body scale with filth , for they have not bath in year . on all side of they stand the guard , prodding a man here , slashing he there with a whip . command of guard move on to the next ! 13 barely in he teens , thin and emaciate and covére with sore , he struggle feebly to dislodge a section of rock * with he long , iron-tipped spike . suddenly the rock come loose , crash down on he as he stumble . he fall to earth , the rock crush in on he midriff , he scream , | mo . shot - a slave boy ee ok se 15 16 17 18 - g@lose on spartacus - boy a # 1888 ~ another angle - boy - spartacus 14 spartacus 1s work with he spike perhaps eight foot distant . we whirl at the SOUND of the cry , * throw down he pike , move over to the boy , begin to strain against the rock which pin | the victim down . as he topple the rock , a guard , whip in 4 hand , approach from b.g . ' back to work , thracian ! spartacus , have shove the rock off , now take the yictim 's head in he arm . the boy scream again . spartacus ( softly ) just hold still . and try not to yell any more . the boy open he eye , stare up at spartacus as guard rush 4 into scene , bring he whip down hard across spartacus ' back , ; aquard damn youl get up -~ for spartacus , he face suffuse with rage , whirl from he crouch position , rush the guard . the guard catch he with the hard butt -end of the whip squarely on the siuil . spartacus , claw the air , go down , close shot ~- gannicus 16 a great , bearded Gaul . he look off at the struggle , lift . @m enormous rock with he right hand , draw back to throw it as a guard , spot he , smashes the butt of a pilum over he head . gannicus go down . close on spartacus ' head - guard feet ~ on ground : 17 i spartacus try to cover himself from the blow . he grab for | the guard 's leg . with a yell of rage , the guard bring the i heavy butt of he whip down against spartacus ' head , within six inch of he head be the guard 's sandale foot . spartacus sink he tooth into the guard 's expose heel in such a way as to hold the achille 's tendon between they . he bite down hard . Guard give a anguish yell . another angle - spartacus , guard , slave in b.g . 18 the guard , beat ' spartacus frantically , try to hobble to - ward he fellow , drag spartacus along behind he . i continued 1 19 20 continued 18 guard help} ! hepes other guard rush over , begin to belabor spartacus , who twist and writhes over the blow , but keep he hold on he enemy . slave watch from the corner of they eye , too frighten to stop work even when they guard be otherwhere engage . spartacus ' guard go down with a wild shriek , guard help ! other guard arrive . two of they carry the wounded guard away . his right foot hang limp . he sob uncontrollably . guard I be crippled ! Captain of the Guard enter scene . boil group over spartacus separate , and we see spartacus , panting and barely conscious , stretch on . the ground . . captain the thracian again , eh ? second guard he hamstrung brucullus , . ( indicate gannicus ) . this one try to help he , captain tie they up . & hundred lash for the Gaul , the thracian die . Watt till sunset so they can all see it . Guards bend down to obey order . Captain , dismiss the whole business , move away from the scene , camera trucking with hin , he squint up at the sun , . take a whistle that hang around he throat , blow two sharp blast , continue on he way . full shct - escarpment S 19 the slave boil up out of they crevice , guard urging they to great speed , follow they closely . the slave fall into dine , start off toward the distribution point for water and bread , they chain clanking , . another angle - captain of guard 20 in the b.g. guard be doling out a cup of water , a chunk of bread to each slave , the slave grab the ration , immediately sit down and greedily begin to eat . in f.g. Captain be gaze off in some surprise toward : ab el 22 23 # 1888 : 8 reverse angle - end of escarpment al come around the base of the escarpment , which 1s a very short distance from the Captain , be the entourage of lentulus batiatus . it consist of batiatus , mount on a mule , several follow slave carry provision and water , and two guard bring up the rear . it approach the Captain . another angle - captain . 22 he turn back to the guard , the slave be still be ration . captain it 's lentulus batiatus . hurry they up . Guards begin urging the line forward , jabbing they with the butt end of whip , push they , commanding they . guard all right , faster there . move ahead , move aheadi etc . another angle - captain ~ entourage of batiatus | 23 batiatus be fan himself , a exhaust look on he face , he be aman of middle weight and middle year , soft as butter from good live , and keen as a knife from acquire the wherewithal for he way of life . although of lowly origin , he have achieve the rank of knighthood =~ not very much as Roman henor go , but which , combine with money , can make a man acceptable anywhere . with a heavy sigh , patting he bead brow with a searf , fan himself exhaustedly , roll he eye heavenward at the blealmess_ of the situation , he step to the ground and greet the wait Captain , captain welcome lentulus batiatua . batiatus , despite he air of languorous exhaustion , scarcely look at the Captain . instead , he sweep past he , he eye beadily intent upon the squatting line of slave , toward which he instantly move , talk all the while the the Captain , camera truck with he , batiatus hfan seif ) welcome , indeed , my dear Captain ! I have never see a grimier day . continued 2 25 # 1888 9 continued 23 batiatus ( cont would ) eleven mile through this disastrous heat , and the cost of rent a ! escort be absolutely ruinous . even u so , I will wager , you have nothing fit . to sell I . I have waste both time and money , have not I , Captain ? now if do tell I she truth for once . captain ; ( follow he ) i I think we have get several you will | be interested in , batiatus ( a sigh ) lying 's such a bad policy . ( pause , gesture off ) , this ? | another angle - the squatting slave filthy , wear out , exhaust , tear at they bread like beast , | slopping they water greedily . mo , shot ~- batiatus , captain - slave in b.g . batiatus turn to the Captain , he eye wide and innocent and shocked . batiatus carrion . how do they fight off the buzzard ? captain i fourth one down 's not bad . he 's : a Gaul . batiatus ' I be not fond of gaul . they be too hairy , he come up to the siave fourth down , a dessicate giant . he look carefully , but swiftly , at every lineament of he almost naked body , shaking he head reprovingly . 7 batiatus can he come to he foot unassist ? continued ab ~ 25 '' ye be . 26 # 1888 ' 10 continued : 25 captain ( to Gaul ) get up , Gaul ! the Gaul glare at they , wearily rise . tiatus fastidiously touch the Gaul 's biceps . he shake he head wearily . batiatus be good enough to let I see he tooth , captain ( to Gaul ) . open you mouth ! for a moment it appear the Gaul will decline ; then a threaten - ing gesture from the Captain cause he to open he mouth , in - stantly batiatus , with he thumb , pull the lower lip down , while the thumb of he other hand curl the upper lip toward the nose . he peer into the mouth right and leave , up and down , with a alert interest that seem what 1t 1s : obscene . batiatus ( examine mouth ) as the tooth go , so go the bone . ie ( shocked tone . — a '' I this mouth be reaziy ' impermissable} ! 3 he take he thumb away , the slave 's mouth go shut egein . batiatus the fellow 's make of chalk . captain there 's another one down here that -- betiatus lift a hand in pious disclaimer . batiatus _ perjure yourself no further , Captain . I will see for myself , trucking shot - batiatus and captain 26 they pass along the line of crouch slave , batiatus shaking he head gadly all the while . °- batiatus ( point ) i what 's this ? ' a he turn away from the line of squatting slave ( # 11 of whom he have inspect carefully despite he apparent rejection of they ) and move , camera still trucking , to : 26 # 1888 12 mo . shot - spartacus - gannicus 27 spread -eagle on a huge rock , they body cover with welt , they leg and arm bound with chain . batiatus and the Captain come into the scene . battatus regards spartacus with sharp interest . spartacus ' eye be close ; he breath still heave from he exertion . captain the big one 's a Gaul . this one 's thracian , I be make a example of he . batiatus bend down , he eye wander over the powerful body of the thracian . 7 batiatus ( softiy ) what a pity .... mo . 's close on batiatus , spartacus , captain legs in scene 28 spartacus ' eye still close . batiatus slide the palm of he right hand along spartacus ' shoulder , forearm , and thigh . the slave 's flesh quiver delicately , withdraw in wavelet under the soft touch , and this must be photograph , ciatus smile , look up at o.s. Captain , batiatus you see ? he react . good muscle tone , have he open he mouth , Captain now bend down into scene , captain open you mouth , thracian ! slowly spartacus open he eye . he glare balefully at batiatus , the muscle of he jaw knotted . batiatus watch he , he eye gleam with interest . he sniff delicately . batiatus ( wrinkling nose ) he smell like a rhinocerous . look up to Captain delicately ) the tooth , Captain . you tell he to open he mouth . do not he obey you ? captain his tooth be the best thing about he . he hamstrung a guard with they not more than a hour ago , continued , js # 1888 - change 1/22/59 12 ' rarr 28 continued 28 i 3 7 be batiatus look from guard back to spartacus , batiatus ( enchant ) . - hametrung ? how marvelous ! I will take hin , ( to spartacus ) you be a ugly brute , but if you please I , I will give you anything you want , ( pause ; very softly ) what go you want , slave ? spartacus almost spit the word out --- he response be not 2 request , 1t be derision bear of hate . spartacus '' freedom ! af Guard laugh ; batiatus shrug . \p batiatus you will have it . Day after day I y promise you one moment of choice . y lin and where you have choice , you L / have freedom . y as spartacus glare at he new master , we , solve to 29 the desert - near sunset ~ entourage of batiatus ~ long shot 29 it be move across the many - color sunset desert --~ batiatus , " mount guard and soldler - -- all on horseback . behind they owner , chain together through metal coliar , be pernap ten slave . 30 mo , trucking shot - favoring batiatus 30 h batiatus take a bottle of wine from he saddle - bag , drink ; ' deeply at it . then he take a look at the set sun , | calculate the time . next he look rearward , shrewdly i estimate the capacity of he sweaty , suilen acquisition . he turn back , call forward to 'lead guard . batiatus paater , up there ! it 's almost '' nightfall , : 1 , continued 30 - a # 1888 - change 1/22/59 lea continued 30 lead guard ( turn back ) be you sure it will not destroy they wind ? batiatus they do not need wind , they need strong leg . lead guard spur he horse , as do all behind . full trucking shot ~- the slave behind 304 exhausted though they be , the pace now compel they to break into a slow run . we see spartacus and gannicus among they . dissolve to | sueieianetaeahehatieinraiee eee ee ee ! 33 3h '' cession begin to pass through the op # 1888 13 near capua - day '' we see the impose residence of the owner , a typical Roman coun ~ try-seat , but different than most in that it be connect to all its outbuilding by high wall . to the leave of the residence . massive gate give onto a thick - wall alleyway which , in its own turn , open onto the grounds beyond , invisible from we angle . Guards in the uniform of the garrison of capua be station on | either side of the front door to the residence , and half a dozen ' be station by the gate , which swing open as batiatus and he ' string of newly purchase slave approach the establishment . ' batiatus be carriec in a litter by eight slave , precede by two mount guard . behind he litter shuffle perhaps twenty male slave , all strong man in they prime , shackle by leg-chain . other guard on foot walk alongside the slave , the small pro - gate to the leave of the I 1 ext , countryside - full shot - the establishment of batiatus - 31 for | residence , full shot ~ at gate - batiatus and sla passing througe ae in b.g. we see household dignitary lined\up to welcome they return master . the slave , among whom we observe spartacus and gannicus , look at the massive wall of the enclosure through which they pass , exchange inquire glance amongst themselves . trucking shot - batiatus and slave 33 they pass down the narrow , high - wall passageway toward a gate cut through the right hand wall which give onta the principal enclosure of the compound , batiatus and he guard turn into the gate . slave , herde by guard , obediently follow , training area ~- gladiatorial school - capua - full shot ~ day 3h. i ' batiatus and he charge arrive at the point where marcellus , the school 's head trainer , ramon , the majordomo and accountant , guard and household slave , be line up to greet tne master , as batiatus ' litter come to a stop , and be gently lower to the ground , marcellus and ramon-step forward , oe qu guard 0.8 . halt : 35 they shuffle to a stop , they wide eye stare off in surprise , wonderment , or horror to b.g. scene which tell they at last whet they fate be to be . '' another angle - the slave in chain cq ie od 37 # 1888 - change 2/2/59 another angle - point of view ~ slave 36 a the training area consist of a large open arena , above which stand a nigh pavilion for spectator , opposite it be 4a long bar cage , and behind the cage , the area which contain gladiator ' cell . to the leave be the kitchen . in the area a group of gladiator be engage in training under the watchful } eye of guard , respond energetically to the shout ana | order of they conditioner . various apparatuse be see i ( not in detail ) . {x ) batiatus 0.s. ah gentleman , to tae another angle - fei : batiatus , mas ramon = new 37 '' slave in b.g. batiatus , just descend , extend a limp hand to Ramon , who kiss it fervently . batiatus how have good of you to receive I . bf marcelius , indicate slave ) well there they be , marcéllus . a dirty lot , but the best I could do . marcellus be a squat , powerful , dehumanize brute , clad in i leather and mail , whip , brass knuckle and dagger hang from Al he broad brasa-studded belt . a former gladiator himself , he 'o face and arm be cover with the scar af combat . his ferocious eye take in the newcomer . i} : marcellus not I have see worse . and better , ( N ( x ) ° batiatus ( gently ) . '' all I have ever ask be that you d you best . ( turn toward slave ) and you , slave ~~ I ask the best '' from you also , you have arrive ' a at the gladiatorial school of capua . '' ! here you will be train by expert ; 4 to fight in match pair . to the ee jl death 7a . ( stir among newcomer } '' ek '' ft compose yourselves . obviously we vey ( x ) . sha not fight you to the death here . ! i that will occur after you be sald . j and only for the edification of lady and gentleman of quality . I congratulate you . i continued ~ = raa el # 1888 ~ change 2/10/59 co 15 at continued 37 batiatus ( cont would ) ( pause ) approximately half the graduate of we school live on into they forty . sceme of they even gain thetr freedom , and become trainer themselves . eh , marcellus ? { marcellus leer ) a train gladiator ts like a fine stallion , he must be pampere . you will be bath and shave , condition and oile and massage . ( touch marcellus ! ( x ) cauda ) you will be give you cauda . you will be warmly clothed , and you food will be the best money can buy . ( smirk ) at certain interval you will even be give the companionship of a girl . ( to marcellus , indi - eat spartacus ) watch the fifth from the end . he 's a thracian . they be go to kill he for hamstring a guard , yo i) marcellus } we will break he of that . . cy batiatus ( to Ramon ) well , you sly Greek dog -- let 's go to the house and have a look at the book . I could hear you diddling they all the way to Alexandria . nstart out of scene ) and have no one the decency to offer I a cup of wine ? ee ee exit , followed by Ramon . | } marcellus i {to all of they ) i - all I want 1s for you to get along i | with I . i ( go up to spartacus ) q what 's you name , slave ? i . spartacus j ( spitting it ) ; spartacus ..... slave . ct marcellus stare hard at he for a instant , then gesture with q he head to a guard . : . | marcellus unchain he . : continued pe ee evn a be ra hen . = eva #1 abb8 - change 2/3/59 216 continued - 2 37 ( x ) Guard step forward , take chain from spartacus 's iron collar . marcellus i give he you sword . : for Guard draw he long sword , give it to spertacus , who react with the quick suspicious . inquire glance of a animal . marcellus draw the short eight - inch dagger from he belt . 2 G marcellus nis 4s the only fair chance you will aver have . ) kill I . | } i spertnne 's grip a on the sword , he hesitates , then leap forward , thrust viciously with he sword . the routine of this fight have be work out elsewhere in detail . it be simply a demonstration of the train gladiator 's marvellous skili , not only in evade injury and defend himself with a dagger foul the long sword , but also he ability to inflict terrible damage on he opponent - marcellus only prick the wildly swing - ing spartacus with he dagger , but each tiny skin-break could %e a death blow . most of the punishment he administer with he foot , kmee , hip , he free fist , or the broad edge of he hand which finally chop down across the back of spartacus ! neck like j be axe . i pant , bleece , exhaust , and now stunne , spartacus sprawl j ; at marcellus 's foot . marcellus look down at he contemptuously , i then nod to the guard . Guards come forward ; one retrieve the | sword that have failen from spartacus 's hand ; the other haul he to he foot , snap the chain to he collar . as the guard be - i lease he , spartacus , conscious out practically paralyze , begin to sag . crixus , the slave next to he , a young man of thirty with the fierce eye of a hawk , take spartacus ! arm to keep he on he foot . without a second glance at he victim , marcellus turn to the other . marcellus ( deadly ferocity ) get along with I . that 's all I say . ; get alonz with I ! . ( the guard ) , c. clean they up ! i Guards leap into action . '' guard all right , now ! get along there ! i March ! | omitted : 38 reverse angle - the slave go : ( X ) prodded by they guard , they move rearward toward the gladi - atorial quarter . dissolve to # 1888 ~ change 7/10/59 16-4 int . steam rcom = day - spartacus , dionysius , crixus , draba , david the jew they be in various state of dress or undress , wash they - selve in the great céntral basin , etc . david you do the right thing . every once ina while marcellus like to kill a@ man as a example . I think he 's pick you . watch out for he . spartacus what 's you name ? david David . spartacus how long have you be here ? david six month . dionysius I wish he would pick I . I want just one chance at he before they carry I out of here . Guard 's voice 0.s. . . guard no talk . crixus ( disgustedly ) dionysius , you slway talk too much . you ?ll get we all in trouble ... . 5 _ just like in the mine . spartacus , who have be listen intently , walk over to dreba . spartacus {to dreba ) how long have you be here ? draba do not answer . spartacus ( puzzle ) I be from Thrace , where do you come from ? a air of sullenness seem to settle over everybody in the scene . = continued ( nece yo | contikued he turn , ha # 1888 - change 7/10/59 dra BA ( flatly ) T do not want to kmow anything about you . F 7 spartacus ( shrug ) just try to be friendly . draba just stay away from I . because _4f wetre ever match out there in the arena , I be go to have to kill you . gladiator make no friend , stride out of scene . dissolve to hha 42 43 he take she arm , start down passage with she , motion to # 1888 = change 7/10 / 5 . 17 oe ( x ) int . corridor between gladiator ! cell - night . al it be a narrow stone corrider , line up on either side with heavy , roughehswn , bar-lock door which give onto the gladi - ator ! individual ceil . down the corridor , head by marcellus who supervise the operation by the light of slave - borne torch , come guard herding slave girl . the girl be dress in simple homeespun dress -- actually sack . they be bare - legge , bare - foot , they hand be tie behind they . cell door be open right and leave , and a girl be thrust uncere - moniousiy through each door , after which the door be swiftiy lock and bar again . the girl , thrust about like sack of grain , say nothing , make no protest . they know they fate , and be accustom to it , but they face , they eye , be dead , utterly devoid of emotion . mo , shot . favoring batiatus : . he he stand alone , watch benignly as the girle shuffle past he , varinia appear in the line , he reach out , take she arm , disengage she from the line , close shot ~ batiatus , varinia a ) batiatus extend he right hand reproachfully . batiatus observe . the kindly hand that feed you . nipped beyond recognition . ( she atare at the hand ; no reaction ) have you nothing the say ? no word of pity ? no remorse ? ( she have none ) very well , I have find a creature who share you beastly appetite . come along . marcellus as he go , camera truck with they to : t spartacus ! cell door = marcellus , batiatus , varinia uy marcellus unbolt the door , throw it open . i int , spartacus ' cell = full shot : maa | spartacus glare at the three who stand in the open doorway . batiatus I bring you e gift , spartacus . ( push 4 nia into the ceil rougnly ) beware of she . she bite too , re step backward into the passage ; the door slam shut . ee lg a a tr es 4G 48 49 # 1888 ~ change 2/23/59 18 ( x ) close on spartacus 45 he have not mo @ muacle since the appearance of batiatus with varinis , how , alone with she , he remain seat on nis stool , he tody tense as that of a wild creature which have see , for the first time and face to face , the shocking , unex - pect figure of a man . his eye stare out at she with the most urgent inquiry ; they flicker lixe serpent 's tongue over every aspect of she body , occasionally he may even stare away from she , at the floor or toward the wall , as if try to evaluate and understand she presence without she immediate image in he retinas to deceive or baffle he . close on varinia : 46 she stand almost midway between door and spartacus , where the impact of batiatus ' thrust have send she . she gaze squazely at spartacus , she eye cold and know and remote . she know what be in store for she ; she propose to resist or outwit he if and as long as she can ; and , when she strength be go , to yield to he coldly , emoticnlessly , and without surrender . a flicker of curiosity crease she forehead as she observe he before she , so still , he eye so fily with question . another angle - spartacus and yarinia at slowly he rise , approach she from one side , almost sniff the air , almost listen for she slight reaction . she stiffen imperceptibly , prepare herself for what she know must come . spartacus come very close to she , mo , close shot ~ spartacus ke he have never see such beauty so close at hand . her loveliness stun he , fill he with wonderment and unbelief and something close to fear . he simply cannot comprehend she presence , nor what it imply . abruptiy he eye turn fioorward to : close up ~ varnia' bare feet - from spartacus 's p.o.v. 49 camera slowly pan upward in close up , examine she part as they come into view , linger here , yearn for a moment there , finally complete vne tour with the slim column of she throat and then : close up - varinia 50 her eye watch nim as alertiy as if he be some deadly snake which a= any moment be capable of sudden death . but behind she wate ! ie a grow question , a grow doubt and curiosity -- < perhaps even a growlng nope . | j i for 50-3 50 - '' # 1888 ~ change 3/6/59 mo , close shot - varinia and spartacu : 50 - a slowly he reach out wlth the flat of he hand , barely touch she hair . at the instant of contact he hand fly backward two or three inch , as if burnt . then the hand come forward again , not flat this time , but with finger - tip distend like the antennae of a inset , . with the utmost caution , with che most exquisite delicacy , he finger - tip touch the skin of she cheek , move slowly downward to the side of she throat , where they pause for a moment and withdraw . he look from she throat to he fingertip , and then into she eye . his face mirror a struggle of conflict emotion : fear , desire , wonder almost to the point of worship , eagerness --~ and shame . he shake he head once or twice , try zo find he voice . ery of hunger , a % appeal for help keg I --- I -+- I have never have ; a woman -- | an spartacus V ( huskily , softly , a her eye widen with surprise . she make no other movement , for suddenly they moment of recognition be interrupt by the obscene giggle of batiatus 0.8 , spartacus freeze , he head swiveling tceward the SOUND , until he discover : the grill in ceiling -: above - from spartacus 's p.o , V. 50 - 5 batiatus , marcellus and the guard ar@ watch , all of they convulse by the shameful confession they have overhear . another angle ~ including spartacus , varinia , group at 50 - C : grill spartacus be still stare upward , hatred freezing on he face , varinia watch only spartacus , batiatus {softly ) now that you do have one , you must take she . what will she think of you ? indeed , what shall iz think of you ? spartacus still glare up at he tormentor , daze and unbe- lieve . all three at the grill involuntarily duck . spartacus take the stool which falis back at he foot , jump onto it , leap convulsively toward the bar , hang dangie in air , hold by a single hand clench to the bar , while the other be thrust between the bar , blindly grop for threat . continued 50 - D # 1888 - change 3/6/59 continued 50 - c :! spartacus ji ( gasp ) I will kili youl | marcellus ' boot come down on the double fist . that keep | | spartacus aloft . instantly he crash to the floor . batiatus peer down as he struggle to he foot . batiatus ( gently ) direct you courage to the woman , spartacus . as spartacus oe teee to he foot , all three face disappear from the grill above mo , shot - spartacus and varninia 50 - D | spartacus , panting , he hand bleed , turn from the grill to face varinia . he shake he head fiercely . spartacus {barely a whisper ) I be not a animal ! a ripple of physical 'relief pass through varinia 's body . her surprised , unbely eye examine every line of he pale , tight face . a smile touch she lip . varinia ( softly ) neither be I ... a hot , anguish torrent of shame for he confession cause he to avert he face , even , perhaps , to cover it from she eye . spartace '' ( thickly ) L lyss - bdan a slave . I be en years\old when they --- when ey ipped I to the mine . I --- they I never - «=+ ( a gesture of help - lessness , both arm nm extend ; a cry of | ry fury subdued to a Lee agonize whisper ) -> and so I --~ I have never have --- 2 woman -~- | W '' continued * batiatus exit , and the door close behind he barely in time # 1888 - 6/8/59 - cuan ... 20 m | | | continued 50 - D life , then he turn away . during this shame explanaticn , a look of infinite pity have come to varinia 's face . with a swift , birdlike movement , she reach out , touch he shoul - der in a delicate gesture of sympathy , of consolation . it be : she touch which cause he to turn to she , this time without | | for a moment he let she look full at the nakedness of he | shame . his eye frankly drink in she loveliness . . he shake he head . he smile . a long , quivering sigh pronounce he recovery from crisis . miraculously , she amile back at he . i at this moment the door open to admit batiatus and marcellus , ; both of they whirl as the cell door open , j batiatus . marcellus take she out . marcellus seize she , start out with she . batiatus ( to spartacus ) : perhaps you may not be a animal , i spartacus , but this sorry show give i I little hope you will ever be a G ! man . to save he from the lunge which hurl the gladiator fuil force against the door .. i dissolve to | # 1888 - change 2/3/59 22 ext . exercise ground - gladiatortal school ~ full shot - day 51 in the far b.g. we see a twin line of experience gladiator , clad in the uniform of they profession with the right - arm guard , violently feint and thrust with wooden sword , trainer watch ; guard be in evidence everywhere . there be a closer o.s. SOUND of feet beat against the earth in unison . in the f.g. we see we newly arrive gladiator work with the blade machine and the mechanical shield - and -mace , marcellus 4s in charge , watch they closely . the great blade be sheathed with padded leather ; nonetheless they be still able to send a man spin to the earth if he miss a leap , or fail on the next turn , to duck and let the blade pass over he . spartacus be not in scene . whistle blows , the two machine lumber to a halt . the trainee , they body run with sweat , they breath come in gasp , line up under the prodding of the guard , marcellus face they . marcellus pay attention to this . I be only go through it once . spartacus , in chatee of two guard , be thrust into scene . he be clad only in preech-cloth . his naked body have be mark off , like a map , in various color . marcellus draw he sword . during the follow scene , as he indicate on spartacus ! body that anatomical detail which be important , he iightly flick the skin with he swordtip . sometimes the flick merely tickle ; sometimes it draw a tiny bead of blood ; sometimes it cuta deeper . spartacus , he face pale with rage , refuse to move @ muscle , his eye remain through scene fix in a glare of hatred upon marcellus ! face , marcellus you get a instant kill on the red . {touches red with he sword ) here - ~~-here ---here -~-here --- and here . slow kill , yellow : here --- here ~ -- here --- here --- here --- here cripple on the bdlue : here --- here here ~ - = here --- here --- here --- here --- and sometimes here . batiatus enter quietly from behind , marcellus always go for the red . if you do not , you opponent will . second rule ; try for a cripple over a slow «ill . a slow kill may have enough leave to kili you before he die . a cripple you know you have get if you keep you distance and wear he down . the rest ~-- continued ( x ) el 51 52 53 54 55 # 1888 - change 2/3/59 2 continued . ? marcellus ( cont would ) ( indicate other body area with sword ) - be all right for a public spectacle in Rome , but in capua we expect more than simple butchery . we get it , too . omitted 52 mo . reverse shot - varinia 53 she 1s barefoot , in kitchen rag , carry across she shoulder @ yalk from which two wooden pail of water be suspend . despite she burden , she head be hold high , and she gait be that of a young goddess . close on spartacus 54 his eye follow varinia hungrily . marcellus ' voice ( sharply , 0.8 . ) thracian ! spartacus ' head snap back to :- another angle - spartacus in line - marcellus - batiatus in 55 % b.g , 5 . marcellus '' ( tauntingly ) itl what be you look at that girl : for ? i spartacus do not answer ; varinia in b.g. hasten she step . batiatus do not tease he , marcellus . he 's a house slave at heart . marcellus ( sharply ) stand still , girl ! verinia freeze , but scorn to look at she tormentor . marcellus ( to spartacus ) all right , hero , if all you can do with girl be look at they --~- then look ! : continued through 57 - E 23 # 2888 - change 6/1/59 through 2h=b continued > marcellus ( cant would ) ( to other guar ) take the rest for a hundred round at a job . finish with twenty on the run. {to aide ) check thelr leg when they have finish . aide nod , other , with guard , start out of scene , varinia in beg . quietly start to exit . marcellus ( sharply ) hold 1t , girl ( she freeze ; he turn to spartacus ; very softly ) keep on lock ...- slave , spartacus , rigid with fury and humiliation , stare off to varinia , who stand tall and straight and aloof , show no emotion et ail , dissolve to int . spartacus ! cell - night 56 the celi door open , spartacus rise . one or two guard appear with varinia in tow . she look across at he , she face blank of any emotion . the humiliation of be dispose of ike a animal permit no emoticn ; she simply witacraw from herself , remove herself frem she body , so to speak , so thet it be not she at all who 1s be deal with , but some stranger , some otner person altogether . spartacus stsres at she , almost wild with the wonder tnat sae should be bestow upon nim a second time . mercellus appear in b.g. of doorway , marcellus no , no , this one coe to the Spaniard . ( guard instantly temove varinia from scene ; marcellus grin at spartacus ) have a good night 's rest , thracian . spertacus lunge for he . with a soft laugh , mercellue side - step , slam the cell door . spartacus crash into the door . dissolve to omitted 57 tarw biee - _ — — — eva 58- a 58-b sé-c # 1888 25 ext , training ground - day - barred cage in b.g , - 58 blade machine ( x ) the new gladiator ~- spartacus , gannicus and crixus among they -- be line up before machine . Guards be peel off the padded leather sheath , revealing the naked blade , razor - sharp on either edge , glisten cruelly in the sunlight . marcellus watch the gladiator , a thin smile touch he lip . the giadietor glance at the blade , and at each other . a terrible , expectant silence fall over they . the sheath be now off . marcellus blow he whistle , the giant biad begin to turn , slowly at first , then faster . marcellus give a approve nod . he turn to trainee . he blow waistle again . the first pair disengage themselves from the line . they move reluctently into opposite position at the circumference of the blade ! path . then , crouch low , they run into the pattern , alternately duck - ing and leaping as the blade revolve . whistle . they run out . two more trainee step forth , move into the pattern . a moment of ducking and leaping -- and one of they misceleulate . a terrible scream rend the silence . the man fall to the ground . whistle , the second man run ovt of the pattern . marcellus ; ( to guard ) move he out ! Guards , creep on they belly , enter the pattern beneath the whirling blade , remove . the fall man . whistle , : marcellus next pair ! spartacus and gannicus disengage themselves , approach the ciroun - ference . they run into the pattern . they duck and leap alter - nately . close on marcellus 58 - a x marcellus x ( to slave turn blade ) faster ! close on gannicus 58 - 5 over and under , as the blade flash by . closz on spartacus s8 -c face bead with sweat , rigid with terrible concentration , leaping and ducking . dissolve to 3 whee ea set ak deta iene emnti + appa aie " ! : : ae I eve 58-d 58-e sof 59 63 6h 28 through # 2886 ~ change 2/3/59 30 ext , training ground - day ~- column of trainees 58- D among they spartacus . they be jogging around the arena , guard attentive . another angle ~ varinia a , x she be pull a hand - cart load high with squash . her position 1s such that the curve of the jogging man be for a short time parallel to she course . spartacus pass by on the jog . with a grin he seize she cart , drag it along with he for a distance , Guards , on other side of column , can not see . varinia gasp indignantly , run after she cart . spartacus laugh . dissolve to close on wooden sword ay x with leather tip be insert in @ box of lamp - black . camera pull back to : : omitted 59 . through . 63 ext . MAIN training area - day - full shot 6h the arena swarm with guard , attendant , treiner , who be here shaping up the full man-power of the gladiatorial sohool in various area . in the conventionel dress cf the arena , include the leather sword - arm pad . ail be armed with wooden sword , the edge of which have now be heavily tip with lamp -olack , or soot . most of this be experience gladiator , attire | penna wth 66 67 69 # 1888 31 { | } mo , full shot - trainees 65 j for the first time we see they in the traditional garb of they profession . under the watchful eye of marcellus , and at the cammand of he whistle , they file by guard to receive , for the first time , they leather sword - arm pad . 1 marcellus a fasten they on so they stay ! if } you aword arm 's crippled in a match pair , we have to replace you with a fresh man . that coat money . you have get to take care of yourselves ! ( blow whistle ) . shape up ! E other whistle blow in other part of arena ; in b.g. we sbe other gladiator fall into line . full shot - the arena - day 66 the entire gladiatorial personnel of the school now face each other in two parailel line , about twenty foot separate they , Guards be everywhere . mo , close shot ~ marcellus , guard , batiatus 87 they be watch . marcellus {quietly ) now we will see how they do against professicnel . ( blow whistle again ) up and down the line ring the shout of the guard . full shot - arena - day 68 the two line charge at a dead run , each man engage he opposite number as they come to close quarter , in a instant the field become a boil scene of struggle , none the less serious for the fact that the sword be of wood , basically , ) this man be fight for they life , and they take the work seriously . for mo , group shot - gladiator . 69 j I | at close quarter , use every trick of they deadly trade , guard leaping inané out cf the foray , watch alertiy . the black sword - tip mark where thrust have be successful by leave smudge on the recipient 's body . =~ --____ . 71 72 73 trendiest tenth # 1888 - change 2/3/59 32 mo . close shot - gannicus and david the jew 70 david the jew , a powerful man in he thirty , with keen in - telligent eye and a black beard , fend gannicus off with cool , professional skill . gannicus ' rush be almost overwhelming in they ferocity . another angle - crixus and opponent crixus fight like a tiger , he eye gleam with a excite - ment that have turn to hatred . he feint , retreat , thrust , trip he opponent , lunge the sword against he breast . a guard rush in . he point to the smudge on the fall man 's breast . guard a kill ? {to loser ) out ! loser rise wearily to he foot , trudge out of the melee , mo , shot - spartacus and draba ~ marcsllus in b.g. there be , of course , other fight in b.g.. draba be a enormously tall and handsome negro . draba fight coolly , he face impassive , he eye a9 alert a a animal 's . the advantege of he great height 1s overcome somewhat by spartacus ! dazzle speed and intensity . draba lunge at spartacus , who fend the blow , turn draba on he hip , send he sprawling to earth . spartacus ! face show a curious kind of joy in this activity , the joy of a healthy man win a contest that carry no implication of death . as draba strike the ground , he be kick in the head by another contestant pass through the scene . mo , shot ~ draba . 73 5 somewhat daze , he try to pick himself up . he have to pause on all four to shake the fog from he brain . spartacus bound into scene , offer he hand . draba , he face expressionless , accept the proffer aid . then , as he almost achieve he feat , he give spartacus ' hand a swift , fierce tug which send spartacus sprawling face forward on the ground . spartacus twist like a cat , start to rise - -- to find draba 's sword - tin at hia throat . he stare up at draba in shocked surprise , he eye wide and } question . draba simple gaze down at he , and hold the sword at he throat . marcellus bound into scene , follow by batiatus . | marcellus wwe marcellu . ve '' I tell you giadiator have no friend } continued 4 i 75 # 1888 ~ change continued 23 marcellus ( cont would ) ( draba withdraw sword ) get off the field . spartacus rise , cast a furious giance at draba , start off . batiatus ( reproachfully ) in a read fi you would have cost I three thousand sestercest spartacus exit . batiatus turna to marcellus . ( 8 ) batiatus - they stocd up rather well , jt alstribution of young '' virtus must never go unrevaraed , marcellus nod , put whistle toe mouth , whistlas , dissolve 7 in b.g. , 13 @ curtain of steam arise from hot rock , above which , on panera be 3 hed naked gladiator . in the fess be 4a dark >: ser in which the glectator plunge after they g be wooden slab fill with clad - dator in vari undress , be olisd and massage by slave atten ses pass among they , examine foot and other member , a3 * uid examine norse after a workout . ight be dim , file aeoube erack in the peer wall . '' here and thsre they ere most care . ! int , - training and steam room - day - full shot 74 : | } } '' i t i another angle ~ toward pcol - favoring draba . 1h the tell African be just pull himself out of the pool . spartacus spot he , grin , siip up from behind and with the i flet of he foot , toprle drab back into the water , draba come up spitting weter he have swallewec , look at spartacus with unsmile eye . : spartacus year play the game . til oo lit thst way tooi draba give he '' scornful lock . with one powerful stroke reach the edg of the pool sgain , pull himself out and face spartacus . : {tonele kiliing 's xe 8 onto one of the slab . he turn spartacue , smiii : begin massege end oiling he back . on he beliy as i i i ' a , 75 76 through | 78 ; 34 # 1888 - change 3/6/55 and 35 - continued 75 he turn away , adjust himself on he side , he back to spartacus . david ( quietly ) he 's right . spartacus turn he head . David the Jew be just unwind from he middle torse a dirty , fringe , rectangular cloth . he touch it to he lipa , fold it carefully , place it be - side hin . spartacus what 's that ? david a tilluth . a prayer shawl . spartacus what do you do with it ? david ( 1fe down on back ) i be a rabbi . spartacus what kind of work be a rabbi ? david 4 teacher . some might call I a priest . < I teach the law of the one true god. jehovah . spartacus consider this frowningly for a moment . spartacus if he 's the true god , why do not he get you out of here ? while David , frown at the ceiling , consider this , draba , on the other side of spartacus , answer without turn he face toward they . draba the true god be all dead . all lapse into silence . dissolve to 76 omitted . ; ( X ) . through 78 80 's 81 82 # 1888 - change 3/6/59 36 : ( xx ) ext . school of capua - day - full shot ~ toward arched 719 MAIN entrance a magnificently outfit cortege , consist of four glitter - ing litter , mount guard , and attendant slave , be just approach the archway to the courtyard that separate the front of batiatus ' residence from the outer wall . omitted 80 balcony ~ batiatus ' residence ~- mo . close trucking shot - 81 with ramon as he rush into residence . int , batiatus ' office ~ day 82 batiatus , lolling at he ease , be be shave . ' batiatus ' ' gently , gently . I can not stand the * sight of my own blood . 4 Ramon burst into the room . ramon we have visitor ! tremdous visitor ! two simply enormous Roman lord ! tney want you at once . continued ee ee el 82 # 1888 - change 2/24/59 . 37 ( x ) continued 5 82 batiatus tell they I be occupy . as you see , how tall do this lord grow ? ramon one of they be Marcus licinius crassus ! batiatus hey ? ( fling towel ) get I out of thisl wipe I off , you fat-head ! < the leap from the chair , suddenly have a appal second think . 82- a 82-b . batiatus crassus -- ! ( whirl on Ramon ) the bust ! the bust ! take it away ! get rid of it ! ramon ( blink stupidly ) what buat ? batiatus the bust of gracchus that sit in the atrium . you know how crassus hate himit smash it ! ( eye to heaven ) forgive I , dear gracchus , Ramon turn , dash out of room . batiatus hastily begin to don tunic . full shot - courtyard before batiatus ' residence - day be - a the richly dress visitor be just debouch from they litter , — — int . atrium ~ day - close shot ~ bust of gracchus 82 - B carve from white marble , gracchus wear a bland smile . his eye have a slight leer to they . the brow be crown with a wreath of freshly cut flower , ' the bust stand on a marble column in the most prominent part of the atrium . t ramen rush in carry a cloth , skid to a stop , hurl the cloth over the offend bust , lift the bust from its pedestal , start out with it , pause indecisively , then rush out of scene , | { ! fie # 2888 - change 2/2 ) ,/59 37 pe courtyard betohe batiatus ' residence - day 83 the litter ave be lower / to the ground . ' arcus liciwius crassus be the ehd , followed by varinius glagrus , glabrus be young than crassus , richly dress but leck both hardness and real disnity . the softness of he face bespeak indulgence and dissipation . he defer greatly to . crassus , but he cennot supprg¢ss the look of weary boredom and vacuity which constantly shagow he lustrous eye . he assist two handsome woman from the remain two litter , one of they be he sister , lena glabra , and the other be claudia narita , iney ave exquisitely gown and bejewel , the obviow oroducte of high fashion and enormous wealth . they look about festidiously , hagten to find a place in the shade , at thig int , latiatus rustle into scene , followed by a swarm of sery . sarvy cheir , cushion , food , wine , fan . ee rush directly sto crassus , tmake a deep bow . batiatus : ( bow low to crassus ) Marcus licinius crassus , most noble reverence , first neral of the Republic , calon father of Rome '' {gesture toward entra : honor my tous presence ] bhess it with you with e slight inclination vf / the head , crassus acknowledge the greeting , turn , and , under the humbly agile guidance of batiatus and itow pf slave , move with he party toward the entrance , | int , awtriuy '' house of a a ek a noble , seriecpen room , with a reflect gool , give at lis fer end onto a balcony from which picht may be witness in the private arena below at the rear of the house , Zatiatus clap hand briskly , servant leap into action , amongst they we see varinia . | batiatus arpangej hove quickly i can not you see thelr wersbias be . exheust ? varinia place chair for srassus . batiatu have the gucdvess to sit . grassus turn , see yarinia . a slight frown come to he face , 86 # 1888 ~ change 2/25/59 '' 38 mo , close shot - varryr behind chatr - crassus pacing her 85 there be gomethe in his| direct , inquire glance thaf cause varinia almost visibly to , withdray into herself , crassus ! eye sweop she from head to foot not insolently , not even sensuousiy == but with the consider admiration of a connoisseur , betiatus nervously enter , '' brttatus '' be something wnepe you highness ? '' chassus 1 {still gaz aing et varinia ) '' no. '' ( slight bow of head and '' shoulder to varinia ) '' thank you , I prefer to stand . '' another angle - including thei all '' 86 '' bartatt de ( salaam to crassus ) ( ww have as you divinity desire . " t on nbow to claudia} welcome , most bless Claudia Maria , former wife of lucius caius varius : whose execution touch we all so deeplyt . ( fatm to helena ) honor to the lad helena , daughter of the late sestinus cptimus glabrus , whose fame shall live forever in t the person ef you noble brother and ; sia heroie sone — — ( genuflect to glabrus ) -— =- publius Marcus glabrus , herp of the eastern war , helena ( to other ) . how very much he lmow , to batiatus} ? allow I to bring you up to date , lanista , we be here to celebrate the marrleg of my brother < == ( indicate @labrus ) wemto the lady Claudia , batiatus {raptly , to both pf they ) a matt of eaglesi '' ite glabrus ) } you sanctity ! ( to slave ) fen he beatitudel tie sweet ! sonn inusd | | C # 1888 ~ changus 2/24/59 a7 x 86 continued 86 fan , all four be now et they ease in > rest on small color cushion , trays slave leap forward wit} chair , the lad of wine and refresinent be offer , crassus - my young for ds desire a private show of pair , patiatus ab#hal tretahi yt a claudia to the death . there be a moment of stunne silence , while batiatus blink at thera in disbelief , | atiatus '' to the =+ deat , you serene , do you think we travel all the way stic ? to capua for gyrna but I do beg you worship -= here at canua with : train sla give you a you coulonit of they ? il ' bition of sword - play yat the Circus maximus for a : price . after they be sell , of '' they new master . mey use the as they wish , but while they be here we never pight they to the death . - crassus today be a exception . batiatus ( distress . and cresdy ) fight the eeath wenld raise '' igh the whole school , a '' '' gear , 0 dear} of - ~ eew costly that could be , 5 vma , I shail accept full mane you price . batiatus ! beady eye like serpent ' tongue from the lady to crassus , a again . continged el 86 86na # 1888 ~ change 7/27/59 4o continued - 2 . 86 batiatus ah -= forgive I , serenity -~ twenty - five thousand denarill crassus arrange it immediately . batiatus this instanté helena of course we want to choose they ourselves . you do have a -- certain variety , do not you ? batiatus inexhaustiblei ( blow whistle ) allow I to show you the way . they start CUT of the atrium , camera trucking with they , down the outer staircase and onto the training arem below . int . steam room - spartacus , crixus , draba , david , dionysius,86-a and other ' David enter . david spartacus , there 's go to be a a " fight to the death , ad lib : ( quiet , stunne ) to the death ... ? to the death --- % * crixus {to David ) how do you know ? david I hear marcellus tell one of the guard . there 1s a long moment of silence . @ ntinue gi # 1888 - change 7727/59 4 owa ( '' 86 - a — cowrryued baa { ; dionysius who fight ? david I do not know , crixus ( strangely ) to the death '' versus nlook at spartacus ) whet if they match you and I ? . : spartacus we have only one possession - life , and to we that must be all and everything . . crixus spartacus , what if they match you and I ? would you fight ? spartacus ile , ( after a moment ) : I would have to . so would you . cr ! ( quietly ) would you-+-ki11 ? a silence ; all eyea on spartacus . spartacus ( after a long think ; very quietly } yes , I - -- I would kill . I would try to stay alive , and you will too . a guard enter . '' guard form up in the training area , some visitor want to admire you . . they look silently at one another , then move out at the prodding of the guard . dissolve to a , | 's # 1886 - change 7/27/59 4o- B full shot across arena toward assembly cage - day 87 the puzzle gladiator be entering the cage . they press toward the rear , compelling that wno follow to assume position closer to the front . wo one wish to be against the bar , open to public inspection . they peer curiously across to mid-field at the approach procession . mo . trucking shot ~ bateiatus and he guest - favoring 88 crassus and helena a slave with urprella shade the lovely helena from the sun . '' _ " helena ( gaily ) thracian be a fad , anyhow . they be flashy with the imife , but they do not kill well . pa crassus where do you acquire this refine taste for brutality ? ~ '' helena ( mock smile ) when I be a little girl , and see two thousand syrian fight the the death in the Circus maximus . they be you prisonerse continued 7 89 90 91 # 1886 ~ chance 2/21/59 8 xe continued . '' '' - assus ( dryly ) | brutality be cerfectly justified as a ingtrument of ; state power , but it make atrocioksly dull entertain - ment . brlena ( bullfight , term ) not entertainnent , arte --sculpture === poetry ! '' het great drama could there be than two man down there in the arena , drencke with sunlight . . . and fight to the death ? '' . crassus qbere 's no drama in\ death unless youtre afraid of it ) clk a ( point ) oh} they be nagnifitentt a " a another angie ~ toward assembly cage 89 the man , each one of they # buperb fight mechine , peer curiously , with a certain shame , at the gala procession thet now arrive for inspection three|feet distant on the other side of the bar , as the distinguished guest come up to the cage , chair be place for they , umbrella be lovingly interpose between they fair sirin and / tae sun , close on spartacus '' in front row go he be stare et then as if they be the animal on display rethor than himself , varinial , scarcely ten foet eway , wetch spartacus with dread in she elve . 4 sie wa = reverse angle ~ through tie zar - tee guest $ l crassus and glabrus be seating themselves . at no tine thro : this anc the successive fight scene do cressus pa est attention to the gl ator , or they contest . ither he be engage in conversati th glabrus , or devote he attention thoughtful = iuy ef ileamvhile , the youn woman , shepherd oy saviatus marcellus , pace slowly ealon the perimeter of the case ; ir eye fill with pleasure at the sight of so many suport ie physique . coontiwied i # 1888 = ghangee 2/24/59 2 continued '' 91 '' batiatus practically every man here be a expert with the thracian imife , but the brident 1s something rere . I would recommend this fellow here . ethiopian . i he indicate a fierce - look , swarthy man ; but helena and Claudia have they eye on draba . ge a ; wa giaudia au I like thie one bettert '' ul ( ek ] batiatus shudder . he have the honest merchant 's instinct to 1 batiatus draba ? oh no , he would never do . por you I want only the best . a claudia but I want the most beautiful , -- I will take he . - keep bis best merchandise end sell he a batiatus very well . ( to marcellus ) draba , curse iti ( to helena ) and now for you , Lady helena , I suggest . '' '' ab yes , eqexpr a veritable tiger helena io do not like he , ( indicate crixus ) I much prefer shat one , batiatus ( distress ) eh ? this one , you ladyhood ? she nod ; he . roll he eye to marcellus ) crixus for the short sword , ( eagerly supgesting the next one observe this fellow ! do you ever aee such splandid shoulder ? claudia yes . right here . ( indleate galino ) 92 i # 1935 - change 2/2 ) ,/59 43 : ( xx continued - 2 31 . batiatus {ca and t\| believe 1t ) ah? ( can ) . ah-huh. ( to marcellus , deed voice ) | also galin . ancthsr angle - cuigide gack ~ toward it 92 crassus and glabrus sayirne no heed , take no part in the selection . helena and clgudie have move a bit away from batiatus and mercellus atiatus be hold a soft , inaudible conversation with he tra ner . helenat eye wander over several gladiator inelude spartacus , then return to spartacus . her eye sweep he from head to toe , then slowly back again . be erene we glare at she - -- then insolently permit inspec in . batiatus realize they be about choice , ruehe up to they . tiatus ( urgently ) for the thracian} knife I heve the most ferceious - lena 2 we complete the inspection} nent é {as spert he intim chit he 's impert . batiatus and a coward to bpott I will have he floggedi take herjarmj there 's only one man in the entire school who stand 's chance with the thracian knife against the trident . ( point he out ) behold --- the beast} of lybilal helena ( eye on spartacus ) I prefer the coward ( to varinid , in b.g. ) girl -~-~somé wine . | {faint smile to batietus ) watch we choost hes bored you . continted # 1888 - change 2/24/59 ee ie so 3 ss continued batiatus naccbpt fate} scarcely , ybur blessedness , jt 's be - ~- most ] exciting . I tingle . varinia advence with ) a trey of wine . her eye meet spertacue !. helene take e glass , | sip it , she eye still on spartacus . then she turn to battatus . kelena if both menj / be down and refuse to continue the fifht , you treiner will cut they sthroet . we want no trick , | batiatus ( shocked reproach trick ? at the school of batistus ? we will slit they throat 1 ike chicken } a audible gasp go up from that within the pack cege , they 's stare at helena with unbely eye . varinia gaze mutely | at spartecus . batiatus you hear , mercellus ? marcellus , who kimself\is stare et helena as if she be i some new and melignant ) / type of monster , bob he hesd . . i batiatus then get abopt itt marcellus turn , now , | exiz . without look for the trey , helena place ner unfitish wine gless on it . she givesa last flash glance at spartacus , turn awey . . helena ane do - let we get out of this sun . | claudia yes , letst | ( look et draba ) I feel so sorry for the poor thing in ell this heat . 3 ( to betiatus ) do not put they in that suffocating tunic . let.them wear --- just enough for modesty ... 's i batiatus they 'i ] fight in loincloth and bless you name . continued = seit 93 94 gh - a #2888 .. change 3/5/59 continued - 2 ; | batiatus ( cont would ) ( to marcellus ) . arrange i {to Ramon ) conduct they / magnificense to the gallery ! they move back toward the house and the balcony - pere from which they wi at rear of cage whistle blow . spartacus , draba , crixus and galino , they head down , as the man flile past they return to the cell block , int . BOX in gallery - overlooking arena - close on bust of gracchus - day it have be hastily deposit on the floor , only partly con - ceal by its cover cilcth . as we come in on scene crassus ! hand be delicately flick the cloth off , revealing the bust , tip at a rakisn pea its wreath of flower slip forward to coneeal the eye crassus ! voice ( wry amusement , o.3 , ) ah ] a eavesdropper ! camera now pull back tp reveal : 45 | " ( x ) j ge 94 the gallery - day ~ crassus , glabrus , helena , claudia , 94 - a attendant slave in this luxurious bex , ' protect from the sun , cushion and drape with silk , the four Roman take they ease on soft sofa . slave pass amgng they with food , wine , sweetmeat . varinia be prominent among they . as we come in on scene they be all regard the expose bust of gracchus with a certain fastidious distaste . ' crassus ( continue ; as he adjust the wreath ) how far from Rome must I go to avoid that cun face ? claudia ( petulantly } let 's not talk about gracchus . he bore I , besides , all he do be hate we , mag Shea # 1888 - change 3/5/59 we continued '' o4na | crassus for gracqhus , hatred of the patrician class be 'a profession , ( pause briefly , while varinia replenishes wine ; he eye follow she ) and not aibe one , elther . how else do one become master of the mob and firstisenator of Rome ? varinia pass ata Claudia , come up to glabrus , pour wine . { '' claudia osniff the air ) I believe that girl smell of perfume ! glabrus reach out , take the hem of varinia 's skirt , thus detain she , sniff it . , glabrus ( nodd } whatever itiis , she smell good . varinia start to move away , but glabrus hold on to hez hem , shus prevent she . | h helena ( casually ) you can not keep slave from steal any more t| you chain they . claudia when a slave 's as pretty as this one , she do not have to steal . a arrangement be make . ; glabrus ( 1ifting she skirt slightly ) if she ankle ere good , you may be sure a arrengement be make . crassus have he eye directly on varinia 's face . she flare red , with cautious aim , she drop she tray squarely on glabrus ! head , spattering he with wine . | varina ( gasp ) oh , master ! i continued # 1888 - change 3/5/59 at continued = 2 | guna she pretend terror and begin to wipe the wine from glabrus with she robe . | = glabrus I have be anoint ] claudia you filthy !trollop ! you do that on purpose || at this point , batlatus rush into the scene , gasp with horror at the shamble varinia have make . ' batiatus oh merciful heaven , a catastrophe ! : crassus ( severely ) it be a accident , {to varinia} come here , girl . varinia stand before rim . | | crassus ( gent1y ) : do not be frighten . where be you from ? | | varinia brittania . grassus how long have you be a slave ? ! varinia since I be thirteen . + crassus you have a certain education . : varinia my first master have I tutore for he child . crassus nod , turn to batiatus , crassus I like she , ' she have spirit . I '11 puy she . 1 varinia stere at crassus unbelievingly . continued '' a mag g4na 95 # 1868 - change 3/5/59 4g " ( x ) continued - 3 batiatus buy she , you lordship ? of course ! she 's yours ! ( to va you be lucky , {to or shetl1 be wai inia ) you clumsy cow ! seus} ing at you litter , crassus rt for she , and I foot spoiled by walk - to I with you a next trip to Rome . I have no transp do not want she ing . send she steward on he ibatiatus he go tomorrcw , you magnitude ! ( as varinia react and with he the wench , {to varihia ) } clean he well , | and praise you god ! varinia resume she effort to clean arenas’ soile robe . eee ancther angle - group on balcony ~ overlooking arena 95 lena you provoke I , ! crassus . I sha not be nice to you any more . batiatus exit , crassus why distress I '50 ? helen a you be horribly rich , yet you be the only cne of my brother 's friend who hasnit yet give he a wedding present , crassus shrug , reach inside he cloak , take out a golden medalian attach to a a a he hand it to helena , crassus I be save it for a better time . give 1t to he , a helena stare at the badge ] pass it to Claudia who do like - Wise and hand it to glabrus . crassus watch thein keenly . j continued no be mag 95 # 2888 ~ change 3/5/59 oe 49 continued : . C crassus {to cldudia ) as of this morent , you husband be Commander of the garrison of Rome , glabrus I -- I do not khow how I shall ever be able to repay you . crassus ( faint gmile ) time will solvd that mystery . laudia {to crassus ) the garrison of ! Rome 1s hardly more than a police force ! I want he to be at least a gribunel - {crassus nonsense ! the garrison of Rome . control the street , curb the mob , put down ; civil disorder , and enforce the law . it 's the only power in Rome that 's strong enough to check - mate gracchus and the senate , another angle 96 batlatus enter to group} bow , hand crassus a silver whistle . batiatus at you pleasure , excellency . batiatus exit . drum begin o.s. crassus give the whistle to helena . : crassus the honor of start this poetic drama shall go to you , my dear , helena , flushed with excitement , take the whistle , leok toward the arena . , ns inert be to near training area ~ full shot - down line of guard 97 as a guard turn the winch [ that raise the gate ~ marcellus enter in the training area - follow by crixus , spartacus , galino and draba , the fouz} be now cover by they green continued ga through 99 - a 100 100 - a 100 - B thre 102-6 # 1698 - change 3/5/59 seal %) continued of ponchos . marcellus step through the open and stand in front of the guard as crix and other Three step through . mardellus ( point tp o.s. wait shed ) through that docr , camera dolly back and pan with crixus , spartacus , galino , draba and marcellus as they move down the line of guard and be herde into the wait shed . marcellus watch as the door be lock after they , and he exit f.g . oe . 98 cmite through j | . 99-a int . gladiator ' shed - spartacus , draba , crixus and galino 100 it ia dark inside the shed . | they sit in silence , drum 0.8 . draba be stern and impassive spartacus watch he covertly , as one have the right to watch he future murderer . crixus { @lare fiercely straight ahead . galino be completely wrap : in he thought . there be ngthing to say , nothing to do but walt for the fatal SOUND of the whistle . whistle blows , all freeze . door swing open . marcellus appear in bright shaft of sunlight , Guards behind he . marcellus crixus ! galino ! both man slowly rise , for axf instant each look straight into the other 's face , then they journ and exit together . door elose behind they . spartacus and draba , alone with each other , exchange no glance between themselves . roll of drum outside . they stiffen slighthy . SOUND of fight beginning . spartacus rise , move silently to the arena-side wall . ee put he eye to a crack , peer out . flash reverse ~ spartacus ! point of view 160 -4 the merest impression of / two nearly naked man in swift , fero - cious combat . . 160-3 omitted through 102 - '' 102- D 102- E # 1888 - change 3/5/59 a int , gladiator be shed -/ spartacus ~ draba 102- 5 spartacus be still peer through the crack . whistle sound . slowly spartacus rise . | slowly he turn , he face white , and move back toward the bench . draba watch he , the door open . crixus re-enters . he be stain with blood and sweat and dirt . j his face be a gray mask . he look neither at spartacus nor draba . instead , like ied dream but ambulant , he move slowly to the tench , sit down carefully , stare straight ahead , . spartacus and draba , whose eye have be fix on he from the j moment of he entry , ex¢hange they first glance with each other . | marcellus appear in doorway . ; marcellus second pair ! 's they rise like automaton . they move toward the door . camera truck with they just far enough to carry they through the door and into the sunlight beyond . : ext , arena ~ full shot . 102-e ; Guards station , drum beat faster , spartacus receive he short , curve thracian knife . draba be give he iron - spike trident and he fish - net . Guards place they in position for combat . they begin siowly to manceuvre for position , i } '' ) el , po 102 - F bed } 103 104 < a oa # 1888 - change 3/5/59 | ( X ) ane : 52 mo , shot - group in BOX 102 . f} helena and Claudia be watqh the fight in the arena below . crassus and glabrus be hold a quiet conversation about business . from time to tine , this scene 1s inter - CUT with angle which keep Roman chéracter in for ,.g. , show the arena action in b.g. varinia db b.g. of Roman character , some - time watch fight below} sometimes averting she eye in horror . batiatus be in the remote b.g. , nervously wait fight slave , everything , to maké certain he guest be pleased and well attend . i reverse angle - spartacus and draba 103 in dodging a deadiy thrust of the iron hook , spartacus have go into a roll spin . it bring he up against the fence . he kick away from the fence , try to bound up to he foot again , at this point , draba deftly drop the net over hin . tug hard . spartacus go down . hopelessiy entrap in the net , he threshes about like a wild - animal , slashing vainly he knife to free himself . draba , trident at aim , approach he eautiously for the kill . int . BOX - crassus , glabrys , helena , claudia , varinia , 104 batiatus in b.g , ( dialogue during spartacu$ - draba fight} rassus ( quietly do not underestimate Pompey . they have pack he off to Spain , but he will be : back , and then will the senate smart for tts pain . laudia it 's a absolute mis-match . the trident 's bound , to win .. grassus invariably . i helena it 's dull . mthe ' thracian 's fade . i glabrus ( to crassus } how do you get my appointment without gracchus know ? | continged ! l ss ry j iy 105 through 106 106 - a 106 - B 106 -c # 1888 ~ change 3/5/59 53 ; ( x ) ! continued 1o4 |) crassus t I fight fire with oil . I purchase the senate behind he back . ( indicate badge ) use it well . you have no idea how many million it cost . ( suddenly grim ) nor how deeply the senate will regret its easy virtue before I be through . helena ( scream ; watch fight ) eill himt . 105 omitted : through 106 jj mo . close shot - draba jand spartacus 106-a j draba be now ready to d¢liver the death . spartacus , panting , i exhaust , utterly defeat , helpless , understand , he stare 1 up with stunne recognifion at the face of death . ! helena , claudia , '' glabrus ( 0,8. , | fiercely ) the kili ! kili he ! the kill ! close on batiatus - varinia in f.g , 106 - B } ; eager to please he guesit , batiatus cup hand to mouth : batiatus kill he , you / imbecile ! t mo . close ~ spartacus ' draba 106 - '' spartacus , utterly immobilize , watch , wait for death . ; slowly draba turn , stare up into the stand . his face be { cover with sweat , he mouth be anguish , he eye be wide { with horror and the exertion of this life - and - death struggle . but now he see , in the box , something even more horrible than death . his whole body turn toward the stand . he begin to shamble toward he tormentor , forget he prey . spartacus , in b.g. , 18 rise from phe sand . draba charge streight for the fence , and the gellety and box beyond and above it . mag 111 .get within throw distance , he hurl he heavy pilum at # 1888 - change 2/24/59 . 53 -8 ' lash shot = occufant of '' bcx 107 crassus , a brave man who have face death so many time that he neither fear it nor cver—saitae life , sit immobile , profoundly absorb in what be happenilng . helena , she eye wide with horror , cower behind he . } glabrus ' reacticn 1s one of stimue lation , excitement . claudija have rise as if to flee , varinia , in b.g. watch the approa of draba with a prayer in she eye for he safe arrival at the box , and for the success of the deadly enterprise he there will carry through . helena ( a scream ) what 's he do ? batiatus run , you lordship ! flee , you ladyhocd ! ( bellow pff ) Guards ! Guards seb | full shot = field and winaek 108 . . '' . draba have reach the fence , | there a guard try to intercept he , draba skewer he and fling he body away as if scatter ing trash . he climb the fence , lunge upward into the gallery and toward the box . other guard be now close in from all directicn . as draba leap toward the box , the first guard draba , the eighteen inch cof steel imbed itself in the glead - dator 's ebony bedy , but still ! he plunge upward , he trident in position to throw , he eye on he deadly enemy in the box . a second pilum find its mark , but already draba have grope he way almost to the box , the spear drag from he bedy . flash shot = arena '' spartacus 109 stupefy , stare , just extricate himself from net . flash shot . the BOX - 110 batiutus hide behind it . | glabrus leap in alarm to he foot . } crassus move not a muscle chill as steel , utterly fascinate by the possibility , he watch the approach of draba . Claudia , try to get out of the box , stumble , fall and scream . another angle - including x and draba q1i Guards rush up on lim in b.g. draba , the two spear still stick in he back , make a final lunge . his hand grasp the edge of the box . his dy glare up at the occupant , fierce continued mag # 1885 ~ change 2/24/59 536b cy ill continued 113 ? '' and horrible and lose . cragsus , in the meanwhile , have slowly : pisen . calmiy , he slip a tiny bejewel dacger from he belt . yl j i and then , as draha 's great ms reach out to seize he , he bend forward between that territfe arm {exactly as a bullfighter risk life by bend forwarfi between the horn for the death - thrust ) and deftly insert she knife into draba 's spinal cord gust above the shoulder - line even before the knife 1s with« draw , draba be dead . the e in a bulifight when a member eord of a wounded and die counterpart the bull , curl cbnvalsively into the birth posi - tion , he nead forward betweeh nis arm , he knee draw upward | foct be instantaneous ( again as ~- but he be dead before _the 'reflex action . af death be make . .___ | of the corrida sever the spinal 11 . ) the great African , like he -wisible , | -— ~ ile another angle - occupant of bcx 112 stare at drabe 's 0.8 , body . crassus wipe the tip of he knife on @ cushion to clean it , and replace 1t in he belt . he turn , smile with faint contempt at helena . crassus well , child «+ have you ardor some - what cool ? : helena weakly ) ( I be go to be sick , '' caudia '' ' S get out of here } 1 - / 4 113 wider angle - to include varenea -x-guard in b.g. just amy «# starting tc drag draba' body away : let 's gol glabrus give a fastidious glance at the dead African .. Guards begin to drag he out , * glabrus Ugly fellow . crassus he die rather well , I think . he take helena 's arm . they start out of the box behind glabrus , Claudia already be under way . 115 and 1216 # 1888 ~ change 2/24/59 53-0 another angle - crassus , helena , varinia 1i4 as crassus pess a few foot in front of varinia , he pause , gaze at she intently . varinia , pale and straight , stare back at he . crassus bow , then he turn and exit . varinie give no sign of recognize he gesture , or even of have see he . eatiatus apfear behind she , peer simidly over the rear of the box . he see that the danger have pass -- and with it , he guest . he rise , start off after they , he voice piteous . batiatus you lerdship ! oh , you dear , dear excelliency +- | he move out of scene , following they , 115 omitted and 116 : | dg 117 118 119 119 - a 119 - B 119 + '' 120 5h # 2886 - change 6/23/59 through sé-a ext . trading area - nicht ~- a figurd in white . ja , move stealthily from one pool of shadow to the next , keep elose to wall , darting across open space like a frighten bird . it be varinia , pursue she stealthy way toward the cell house . remote SOUND of a man sing a lament in some foreign tongue come over this and subsequent scene . ext . cell house door - night - a guard . 118 he stand before the door , a weary , middle - age man , absorb in he secret thought . he lock off . he see varinia ap - proaching . he appear not surprised . 2 another angle - wall of cell house - varinia 119 shrink close to the wall , she epproach the door and the guard . mo , shot - door - guard 119 - 4 verinia slip into the schiie . from beneath she robe she bring forth a jer of wine . she hand it to the guard . he nod , circle the training area with watchful eye , then open the door ever sco slightly . verinia slip silently inside . door creak as it open and close . int . cell house corridor - night - varinia 119 - B she flicker down the corridor like a ghost toward the stone step . SOUND of the foreign la'ent 1s louder inside the cell house o . note : 117 through 119 -b have be shot , but be be eliminated at this time . 119 -' omitted : oe t | i | eva l204 120 - B 121 122 # 1888 - change 2/3/59 57 int . gladiator 's cell build - morning - full shot ~ favor ~ - 120 - , . , ing entrance arch to steam axd conditioning room ( X ) ) suspend from the erch , in ita precise center , swing the body of draba . he have be hang by he heel . his wound have : erust over . he wear only a loincloth -- or , if it can be i discreetly shot , nothing , as the case would actually be . dis ! long arm , stiffen now by rigor mortis , seem to clutch downward / ; at the stone floor , some six inch below they grasp . the bedy y turn slowly from right to leave , pause , and then just as slowly begin to turn in the other direction . ©.S. sound of tramping foot ageinst stone pavement . the gladiator be march toward | : the mess kitchen and they morning meal . SOUND increase in i volume , until we go to : 4 another angle - from inside steam room - shoot toward 120-b corridor - draba' swinging body in immediate fg . ( X ) SOUND of approach footstep draw very close . we be shocting into the corridor , we shot divide in the immediate f.g. by draba 's body , which loom large in camera . wow the gladiator , march in a single line , file past the steem room entrance on the way to the mess hali , guard pace with they at regular interval . each gladiator , as he see the body of he dead com - rade thus defile end dishonor as a example to he survivor , gaze straight into camera . spartacus pess . he stare at the body with horror , gannicus ' face be fill with rage ; David the Jew 's with pity ; crixus ' with admiration . we gain the impression that the lesson of the display be parhap a different one than marcellus and satiatus intend . ' dissolve to int . gladiator ' mess hall - morning - full shot - dine 122° : room and altchen ( xx ) 4 at each end of the kitchen stand Roman guard . six more stand in : the central portion , which be open to the sky . the gladiater pick up wooden bowl as they enter the mess hall , pess elong the kitehen line before the slave woman , who fill they bowl with food ; then they move out of the kitchen area and eat on the floor , either cross - legge or crouch with the bowl on they lap , use wooden spoon . another angle ~ featuring spartacus 122 ' ( x ) |} he stand about fifth in line from that who be receive they : food from the woman . spartacus ! eye , with grow alarm , search among the woman . third man behind he be gannicus . ahead of hix be David the Jew . - eva 124 125 126 through 126-e # 1888 ~ change 2/3/59 58 another angle - the women serving - guard in b.g. 123 the man shuffle forward . spartacus at last arrive with he bowl before the first woman . spartacus ( softly ) where 's varinia ? the woman , about to answer , be prevent from do so by the sudden appearance of marcellus . he grin at spartacus , point toward the bar window , marcellus ( tauntingly ) } take a last look at she , thracian . spartacus stare toward the window , see : = reverse angle - through barred window ~ varinia , baer , other jai ! varinia be already seat in the rear of a cart . ' she be simply dress , a slave hold the horse , another sit in the driver 's seat , Ramon be just ascend the cart . | marcellus ' voice ( softly , 0.8 . ) she 's go to Rome . mo . shot + spartacus , marcellus , serving women 125 ' ( x ) spartacus , he face blank and wild , turn back to marcellus . marcellus ( chuckle ) why should you care ? she will not be any farther from you than she 's always be . he reach out , still chuckle , jab spartacus with the tip of he pike . spartacus , in a convulsion of pure rage , turn toward the enormous cauldron thet bubbles and steam on its tripod above the open fire . with a tremendous shove , he upset the scalding mass so that marcellus , with a terrible scream , be bury beneath it . flash shot - through mess hall . 126 thry a dozen face , include that of gannicus ane David , stareoff i126 . at the sudden uproar , then excitedly join it . for h & ne iu 4 i F i if i 4 j ! + ) ed 128 129 130 131 132 133 13h # 1888 ~ change 2/3/59 59 full shot ~ mess hall 127 with a sponteneous roar the gladiator rise -~ all they tension set off by the excitement of this direct conflict between gladi - ator and guard . hot food fly through the air . the room be fill with shout , scream , imprecation , groans . gannicus - and other 128 gannicus lift a writhe guard high above he head , and then , with fearful force , hurl he to the floor , where other stamp he to death . spartacus - and guard . 129 '' with ane terrible , chopping blow of he fist to the nape of a guard 's neck , he kill he . slave women . 130 they have seize spit , knife , pot , and be join the assault , | a guard bear down on a old woman , she scoops a ladle of flam - ing caal from the open hearth , dash they full in he face . re scream , one section of the woaden kitchen upright have catch fire ; flame lick toward the roof . long shot - toward door 131 the deor guard be be methodically slaughter , mo , shot - varinia in cart 132 with e sudden movement , she trip the slave who have charge of the rein , roll he off the wagon , leap onto the ground , and pun across the arena toward the supply house . ext . training area - day 133 some forty or fifty Roman legionary ( part of the security staff ) be run toward the mess hall , shout for other . flame now break through roof of mess hall . ext , training area - another angle ~ batiatus and ramon 134 ' batiatus , terrify , be scream at the little Greek . batiatus ; ride to capua ! call out the garrison ! Ramon start off at a dead run , camera trucking with he , he start $ 0 cross at a angle before the mess hall , from which emanate a rcar cf sound . satiatus rush back into the house . | | 136 on of # 1888 - change 4/21/59 full shot - toward mess hall 135 the massive door burst open . the shout , madden gladia - tor burst out into the grounds . some of they carry arm to from the slain guard inside the hall , other heve club . they charge into the guard outside the mess hall , who seek to bar they passage . the scene become a seethe mass of body , blood and fury . {xx } front of batiatus ' house - toward the arch 136 batiatus , Ramon with varinia at the cart , at the point of break - out by gladiator . batiatus ( to Ramon ) | and remember to collect for she before you give the receipt . money 's so unimportant to the extremely rich they often forget about it altogether . ramon I will remember , Guard run up , guard there 's trouble in the mess hall . they have kill marcellus , and maybe the other too ! batiatus look sharply off toward the mess hall . he do not like what he hear and see ; he take immediate measure to save both he preperty and he hide . patiatus ( to Ramon ) keep they lock in , and call out the guard{ {to guard ) ride to capua and notify the garrison . ( climb into eart , gerab rein ) I will deliver the girl myself ! {to stupefy r&mon} well , get about it , man ! I be leave ang you in charge , and I hold you responsible for all loss ! - he bring he whip down hard , the cart start out at a run . Guard dash in one direction , Ramon in another . | 137-4 137-3 138 133 # 1888 ~ change 4/21/59 60 - a another angle ~ toward batiatus ' quarter 137 the house slave , armed with stave ; slave - woman brandish knife , poker , fork , ~- begin to pour into the arena , to join i the gladiator in revolt . 137 - a int . steam room slave have trap three or four guard ; they drow they in the pool ; incinerate they against the glow hot rock ; strangle they in vat of bubbling water , entrance steam room «= the arch - draba' body . 137 - B a old crone , with two other woman , be cut the body down . they lower it gently , turn it on its back . they begin to wind a white sheet around it . training area - favoring spartacus 138 in b.g. we see another building catch fire from the flame mess hall . aliso another small detachment of guard approaching in a attempt to rescue they fellow . the gladiator , unen 's cumbere by armor , move freely among the armorec guard , drag they down , literally kill they with bare hand , t then seize they arm and leaping upon the next , we see i| varinia run through the scene . ext , blazing armory ~ day - close on doorway 139 the door have be break open , half @ dozen woman be pass - a ing out arm from the arsenal of batiatus . among they be varinia . eva lo / xfho-k 142 143 yy 14 - of fire . - ~ 1 i # 1868 - change 2/3/59 61 full shot - from inside ground - toward MAIN gat iho here a handful of the remain guard be put up a desper - . eat battle to hold the gate until help can arrive . slave scale ; the well , drop down on the guard from above ; they dash in with | burn firebrand , or hurl they naked tody recklessly against , they enemiest cold steel . one by one , the guard sink in death , t = int , build - close shot ~ the body of draba 1 yo os | ( X ) the entire structure around draba 's body be a glow hell of } fire . draba have besn place on a cot , which be he bier . he { lie stiff and implacable , hand fold on he breast , hie face | stern , 8s the fleme grow closer , he be a African king on he [ funeral pyre . flame rise to shut he from sight in a curtain i I , the arena - full shot ; yh blaze building . slave pack off loot . arm be snatch from the body of guard , which litter the grounds . suddenly j there be a tremendous shout from 0.5 . camera , with all head in scene , turn toward : full shot ~ from inside training school area ~ toward the 1 u2 ; great gate the guard defend they be all dead . the gate ar slowly be push outward . through they the shout , oheer , laugh -.! ing mass of slave and gladiator already be beginning to pour . a ext . gate ~ full shot ih3 " + a triumphant torrent of gladiater , house -slave , woman , child burst through the gate , and begin to stream into the country + side , while behind they tower flame and great column of smoke mark the death of the gladiatorial school of capua , pron ? of batiatus ' house - full shot yy another torrent of slave burst through the great front door , rush shout and yelling through the erchway into the open land beyond . full shot ~ toward crest of a low hill lys | against the crest , field slave may be see , silhoustt at they . work . cne of they look off , point : other stop to lock : they ! cluster -- gesticulate excitedly amongst themselves . - '' ; mig ee + a 2 ee 145-3 145 -' #2583 . change 5/29 ,/59 ; € 1 - a ext , apfian wat - day . through wocded area - the cart 145 -a rive at 2 yull speed ty batiatus , while verinia swaye from side to side . close on wheel of cart " 24565 it 1a beginning to come off its axle . another angle - the cart 145 - c begin to ' shudder ; batiatus rein in the animal , have he succeed in halting , the wheel come off , the cart 1s drag on its aide for a short distance , varinia be throw free of it eart , land teaide the road on she side . batiatus ride it down witheut injury , climb from the wreck - age , burvey : it . varinla tegin to worm she way slowly , pain - fully , towaré the wood . batiatus ninspect wheel , shake he head ) we be do for , now , nlock off at varinia ) come here , woman ! t'12 cut the herse loose erd ride he , you will watk . well --- get up ! varinia I can , with a gesture of impatience , batiatus move to she , take a arm , help she to ner foot of batiatys las he doez so} I begin to think you be not one of my mor fortunate purchase . ( she 's up } . tnere , som aiong . he turn , start for the horse . varinia turn away from he , start run toward the wood . hear the scund of she foot - step , batiatus whiris , stare after she in stupefaction , then calis out : batiatis come back here ! come back at onze ! ™p 145-d 145- E 145-f 145 -' # 1888 - change 5/29/59 another angle - varinia she turn she head at the SOUND of he voice , then continue toward the wood , run like @ deer . mo . shot - batiatus l4u5-d 145-5 with @ roar he start out after she , camera trucking with he as he lumber along , obviously no match for she , long shot ~ varinia with another swift backward glance , she vanish into the wooss . trucking shot + with batiatus thoroughly wind , he pause , bellows : batiatus ( shouting to nothing ) come back ! come back ! I command youl 145-f 145 -' then , with something almost like a sob of frustration , he low - ! er he heaving frame to the ground , sit there to regain he : breath , the picture of desolation . batiatus ( panting ) it take a great soul ---- to stand up --- to the misfortune of --- my miserable life -~--~! dissolve to i — — 147 148 1k9 150 # 1888 - change 6/22/59 '' ext . vesuvius - day - the slave encampment at ( ifaw Wan it be the day after the outbreak , or the second day thefeafter at most . the encampment boil with activity , but it 1s in the most primitive state of organization , Men may be fell tree for stockade to be set up on peripheral area of the encampment not naturally defend by the lofty position of the site ; woman may be pull the tree after they have be split to a point where other hoist they up as addition + 6 the stockade , wwhat ~ ever the specific nature of the activity . show in this scene , its real purpose be to show the newness of the encampment , and that such measure as be take be purely defensive measure , as would be natural to man and woman who wish to make thenselves safe in order to stave off attack while they effect some sort of permanent organization and form . the scene also can be very orief -- merely the impression ian than the detail of what be a est above . mo bee v1 sin oh sr ade '' tra¢ cross t ment ride a company of horseman , number perhaps sixty man ) under the leadership of spartacus . crixus tide beside _the ’leader , they be all armed . they proceed through the raw , bustling encampment , camera following . another angle - edge of encampment ~ day ~ full shot 147 this be the periphery of the natural fortress they have select ; here the escarpment give way to serrate cliff which descend abruptly to the valley below . spertacus and he horseman appear ; they hang on the horizon for a instant , then begin ' the descent , thread they way through the aleft and ravine . dissolve . to gxu fy mey i . appian way - day - full shot - spartacus and horsemen 148 for = the great highway be emptied of all traff{c ; alongside the road may be see the debris of wreck baggage train which have fall afoul of the slave 's fury as they sweep down the road . the feel be one of desolation and abandonment . another angle ~ highway and countryside - six horsemen 149 they gallop toward spartacus and he man , come from the direc - tion in which spartacus ' group be point . another angie - spartacus and he horsemen = the six horsemen 150 Z they be lead by dionysius , who ride up and report to spartacus . = continged — — — ee my # 1888 - change 6/22/59 ! 150 continued a dionysius ' fhe school 's desert and the whole countryside 's run away . we bury we dead and stack theirs . all the equipment ' 's still there . ) spartacus good ! {to leader around he ) we need wagon , horse find eny , food , - éiat 's for you can < t sehing , all kind ' S i of supplies . tnp / aet and find tem , yy we will meet at the '' school 151 full shot - wide angle - eorsemen ' 151 fanning out from the highway through the countryside , split up into group of perhaps three or four each . there be real spirit behind this movement ; they start they horse out fast , and they pay no attention to obstacle , they conld even yell , one to enother , from the sheer pleasure of be free , of raid - ing 4 countrysice that hold they so long in bondage . wy wk z gladiator - day 152 - 154 154 the various smell party sweep thrjugh abandon estate , search farmhouse , outbuilding , villas , ney sweep through over field and through wood . among the specific flash scene be : 152 series of raid dissolves ~- the mo ! house ( or hen -run ) fill with white poultry . in a instent feather be fly like snow , 2 . they liberate a wagon . 1 . flash - gladiator rush into a chicken - ' 3 . they load three capture mule with cheese or other product from i loot plantation storercom . 15 : ext , plantation house ~ crixus and three of he men 1s5 they emerge from the gut building herding two middle - age Roman ahsad of they . the Roman have they hand tie behind they back . the scene should be vary brief ; since it spaak for itself , no dialogue 1s necessary . it be merely one of a , : : number of raid dissolves , occure in the letter portion of {ot 3 the sequence . : dissolve to ee _— ee i '' | 157 158 159 160 161 # 1688 - change 6/22/59 61 -e mo , close trucking shot ~ spartacus ~ day 156 he be walk he horse up a slight hill or promontory , surmount it , rein he mount in , gaze thoughtfully off and down to : reverse angle ~- from spartacus ! angle - the gladiatorial 157 school of capua - day gladiator ' horse be tethere where the guard ' horse formerly be quarter . five or six wagon be draw up before the esteblishment , some hitched to mule , other to the riding horse . the day 's loot be be load into the wagon , while other pass back and forth between the wegon end the school , lead the booty that have be discover in the warehouse and house of batiatus . . = close on spartacus 158 stare down at the activity . then he spur he horse comriee , start to canter down the incline toward the school . ext , gladiatorial school ~ day . 159 spartacus arrive , dismount . the whirling knife machine be be load onto a wagon , along with the mechanical man , arn - load of sword , trident . pilum , shield , armor be be transport from school to wagon . horse be be load behind saddle with sack of grain , bolt of cloth , ete . close on spartacus re watch the activity for a moment , then turn , and slowly eross to the wall drive by which he first enter the school . : ( loot from the establishment , aside from massive item like whirling knife , be carry out through the other gate -+ 2 short route ) . trucking shot - wite spartacus 162 he pass between that long wall , utterly alone , regard the desolation and wreckage which present itself on every hand with something close to wonder . he recognize everything , yet som it be entirely different . and he , of course , be entirely di ent . while he make this solitary , meditative walk - through , he be actually not aware of the shout and sound of bustling activ - ~ ity which proceed from other side of the wall . bm 162 163 164 . 165 167 168 #18868 ~ change 6/22/59 61 -f close trucking shot - spartacus - day 162 he reach the end of the wall roadway , turn towards the cell house , int . cell house - close trucking shot - spartacus 163 he walk slowly through the center passageway . doore hang erazily on they hinge , debris and mark of the fire sre apparent everywhere , spartacus , move as in a dream , slowly approach the step , at the top of which be the arch from which draba 's body be suspend , he pause , gaze up at it for a moment . only the cut rope remain , then he turn , retrace he step to he own cell , he enter the cell , int . spartacus cell - full shot = spartacus 164 he stand in the center of it , take in every aspect of slavery and degradation , then he eye slowly lift to : , the grill above ~ from spartacus' point of view below 165 there be no one there , she be go , nothing remain of she presente but the whisper of she musical theme , full on spartacus 166 he take he eye away from the grill , cast a final glance around cell , exit eat int , cell house - toward exit - spartacus 167 he emerge from he cell , pass slowly out of the cellhouse , varinis theme still haunt he , int . kitchen area ~- spartacus — day 168 he enter , gaze about he , all be desolation , all be wreckage . a stray dog might be investigate the remain of a kettle of food that have be spill onto the floor , deg slink away as spartacus epproach , spartacus sit on the bench , where he have sit 80 many time before , wait for varinis to arrive before he . he look down to the are of the pot and fire , where she should be thia instant , just beginning she journey down the line to he , watch he , as he watch she , but there be no one there . nothing but varinia 's theme , 103 170 i721 172 # 1688 ~ change 6/22/59 61 - G close on spartacus 169 gazing into the past , and the memory of the girl who make it barely tolerable , his intense absorption in the past , in the dream of varinia , have subdued all sound of external activity . now , however , the quality of outer sound change . as he attention be divert to tham , he listen , frown . outside the man be jeering , eooting , mocking , he rise slowly , still listen , still puzzle , 0.s. cry kill he , Roman ! here 's a match pair you will never forget ? ( ete ) he turn and exit , spartacus = at entrance to arena 170 ee freeze as he stare into the arena , see : full shot ~ the arena at capua 171 in the midst of this burnt - cut desolation , we see the two middle - age Roman captive , stripped down to loincloth , bleed , exhaust , slowly circle each other with knife , while slave prod they on with light torch , spear and sword=tips , hooting and jeering . in the balcony from which crassus view the fight and kill draba , sit crixus , surround by other of he comrade . they be enjoy the affair immensely . shout get in there , romen} draw a little blocd ! fight like gladiator ! look at he =- -- he do not like it ! : the big one 's almost through . lose too much blood , this be to the desth , Roman ~={ - < do not be efraid of '' little cold steel ! I would not give twenty - five sesterce for the pair of ‘am , fete close on spartacus '' just inside gate 172 he drink in the scene ; the memory of he own suffering in this same arena , he fear and he hatred and he abasement , sweep over he . a spasm of revulsion cross he face . he start forward grimly , camera trucking with he , 174 # 1888 - change 7/27/59 trucking shot ~ with spartacus 173 to the center of the arena . as he pass through the man who be torment the Roman and goad they on , they sense the grim displeasure of he face , and fall silent , or draw back somewhat , the Roman , panting , expect death any moment , observe he approach uncertainly . * mo . shot - spartacus and roman 174 sudden silence have fall over the group in the pavilion , and that who have be goad the fight forward in the arena . spartacus step between . the two Roman . spartacus how do you like it ? Fighting each other like animal while you new master bet which on of you will be the first to die ? ( pause ; a surge of disgust and er ) throw you sword down . the Roman stand stupefy . spartacus , ali he thought on varinia , be have difficulty control himself , so terrible be he hatred of Rome and the Roman . the Roman can not believe what be happen to they , they blink stupidly , remain trana - fix . _ a rise outcry from the disappointed spectator , ad lib protest they do not even get start ! at least they ought to fight ti11 one of tem 's dowd they never turn we frees let they fightl ~~ they love . match pairsi I have five sesterce bet on the little one } he would have win , tooj : spartacus wheat be we become -- Roman ? , i have we win nothing but they game ? . py continued da the — a | j al co '' i! ae ee 4 ( 4 | b 4 } he | ' 175 | > ep | |. ) ma I 4 age # 1888 ~ change 7/27/59 61-1 continued 17h crixus ( angrily ) I want to see they blood --- {points} , --- right over there wher dreba 1 diedi ; spartacus wetll see plenty of Roman blood , but we be through with they game . a '' ( to Roman ) now get out of here ! i i I ft first roman ( noarsely ) May the god attend you foreverd | . spartacus I be not do this to save yous I be do it to save we . let 's ‘j burn this place down . i evidence by the shout that rise among they , and the eagerness . with which they swarm off , torch high , to carry forward the that hia perception of they emotional need be correct be | happy labor of destruction , { dissolve to ext . gladiatorial schocl of capua - day : 175 the entire establishment be roaring inferno of flame , before it the yelling , joyous gladiator , already mount end just 4 get under way , be stand back for vesuvius , wide angle ~ the gladiatcr - burning school in b.g. 175 = a they sweep by camera at f111 speed -- fifty or sixty mount man ; loot tie to they saddle ; five to eight wagon draw by mule , run full tilt , the driver hang on for dear life and shout for more speed ; and the pack horse ( or mule ) plus the horse of that who have to dismount and drive the team . they pass in a swirl of dust and shout triumph . ' dissolve to omitted dg , 178 179 180 160-4 180 - B 180 - '' 180 - D 180 - E # 1888 ~ change 6/25/59 establishing shot : 178 as spartacus and he man ride away from capua ; that two or three field sleve , newly escape , run alongside the wagon try to clamber aboard ; that help hand assist they . establishing shot 179 as the rider sweep back toward vesuvius , that two or three band of escape slave wave to they , shout to they , and the raider shout back , indicete fer they tc follow . then : dissolve to ext . country road - full shot - spartacus and he horsemen - 180 night they be riding in a colum , a group of two or three slave , escapee , may also be see . ext. country road - elderly escafed slave - preceding 180 ~ a i varinia - night . i SOUND of approach horseman o.s. varinia turn , loot back - 4 ward . elderly slave , trudging with a staff , continue shead and pass CUT of scene . een reverse angle - from varinia' foint of view - 180-3 spartacus and leader of column ~ night move toward varinia . she stare almost unbelievingly at spartacus -~ a man somehow she have never know before , a man in action , a man in command of himself and he surroundings . - i ara eoin 8 , another angle - varinia - horsemen including spartacus 180~ '' } fi t approach varinia , and now beginning to pass she . i ceose - spartacus : 180 - D he see she stending and watch he . for a instant he can not believe it be she . hs ride on . another angle - favoring spartacus and horsemen 180 - 5 3 now he realize it be she , stare off at har unbelievingly . he motion the rest of colwm on . he start back toward varinia , cahnera trucking , intsr -cutting between they until we come to : # 1888 - change 6/25/59 : 63 mo . shot - varinia and sfartacus 181 face each other . both seem to be fight for word , both seem to be see in the other something never perceivé befor . still she mystery . sfartacus I think you be in Home . TI think I would never ses you again . remain silent , as if contemplate some profound spartacus dismount . spartacus why -- why do not you say something ? varinia you be so different . - the only memory I have of you be the last one . it blott all the other out . you in the arene -- wait to die . for . {pause ) . I be wait too . out there in the sand I be die with you . spartacus ( see the horror in she eye ) you should not have watch . varinia T have to . I love you . stun silence ; a long pause . continued dg 181 # 1888 = change 7/6/59 6h continued ' 181 sfartacus {whisper } what ---? vartnta onodd ner head ) I love you , spartacus , I love you . TI love you now . he make a move toward she , stop , try to comprehend the full meaning of what she have say , the wonder of it , the surprise of it , the stun shock , the incredible joy . his lip try to form word ; the word can not come . the think behind they be still incoherent . suddenly he turn away from she as if to leave she stand there , a problem tco great to cope with . he take two short step , halt , turn back in a little circle to confront she once more . spartacus you -- love I ? she nod ) all my life I never dare dream of love . when I be in the mine T squeeze my heart so tight there be no room for love -- only hate . and then that night you walk into my cell and I look at you == and touch you skin and feel ycur hair . for a moment I dare to dream again . then suddenly you be go . T squeeze my heart tighter than ever . there be no room for anything but hate . ( softly ) make room for I , spartacus . please . . - ? she sink slowly to she knee , and he with she . spartacus ( quietly ) you be free now . varinta I know . ; spartacus nobody can sell you . wobody can give you away . nobdscdy can make you stay with anyone . gon tinued . varinia 4 dg # 1888 = change 7/6/59 65 ~ ~ 181 '' continued - 2 161 be varinia ( softly ) nobody . spartacus you do not even have to stay with I , you could leave I if you want to . varinia I love you , spartacus . I give my - self to you . forbid I ever to leave you . a look of pride , of relief , of conquest in its loveliest and most loving sense , suffuse bis face . he reach out , touch she shoulder with both of he hand , spartacus ( softly ) I do forbid you . he squeeze she tightly . we must remember the ferocity of passion in such a man when for the first time in he life he hold a woman in he arm . he understand none of the deli- cacy of love-make . he be like a bear in he inexperience . ail he hurt she . spartacus I forbid youl varinta ( muffle voice ) youtre hurt I . he release she instantly . . varinia ( smile ) you crush my lip . kiss I like this . . . 18i-a closeup - spartacus and varinia 181 - a very lightly she tcuches she lip to he . the ensue kiss develop into passion . dissolve ta } | ) } rr 182 and 183 184 . 66 # 1888 - change 6/24/59 chen 70-f 182 omitted and 183 int . public house - mo . shot ~- lentulus gracchus - day . 184 lentulus gracchus be dining , as he always do , prodigiously . great joint of meat , massive pastry , goblet of wine , stack of cheese and fruit . in this crowded room he be sur ~ round by petitioner and politician , and he obviously love he assoclation with they as dearly as he do he food . he be a man of universal taste , of universal liking ; a man who take pleasure in every act of he life -- direct , physical , sensual pleasure . throughout this open scene he masticate vigorously , drink deeply , yet never cease talk , be he mouth full , empty , or merely in the process of be fill . continued # 1888 - change 3/10/59 continued gracchus {to a petitioner ) it 's ' all arrange . you permit be draw up this morning . but only to sell fish , it 's not a license to steal . petitioner I tell my wife gracchus could do it if anyone could . gracchus anyone could not . only gracchus . oo next well , marius ? marius when be we go to get another distribution of grain ? gracchus ~ soon , soon , we hope , Pirates be still raid the grain - fleet but we have requisition 500 wagon load from the south . 2nd petitioner yes , but will they get through ? TI hear there 's a slave revolt cown there , they be raid the highway . gracchus two or three hundred bandit do not make a revolt . they have raid a few baggage train and burnt a house or two , we will have they all on cross within the week . besides , - you should n 's : spreed rumor . 3rd petitioner about my poor mother , sir . gracchus ( think , remember ) yes , serverus , you poor mother . she will be release tomorrow . ( dryly ) : por the third time . try to keep she out of fight , and never let she use a club . 3rd petitioner she will bless you name{ continued 71 184 i még # 1888 ~ change 3/10/59 72 | ~~ 184 continued - 2 he é bo a gracchus ' . ( to next ) ' ) well ! what bring you here , otho ? | for in b.g. we see caesar enter the room . he be richly attire , t 4 thirty year old , a patrician , dissipate , reckless , intelligent , } ambitious -- and , at the moment , coldly disapprove of this | noisy public place . his eye swiftly search the room , spot if gracchus . he frown , and , gather he robe close about he hy } so it sha not get soile , he movege through the crowded room like i | @ great lord . ey | otho i! the garrison break up a feast of the college of sausage - maker last night . gracchus . . ( instantly interested } they do , eh ? tell I more . otho for they say from now on we will have to I hold we assembly outside the city ; wall . ! ver graccrus ( nodd thoughtfully ) ) this crassus move fast . I will look ! into it . ty for caesar come up to gracchus , lean down , whisper into the older man 's ear . ( note : we shall not name caesar until the climax of the forthcoming senate scene . ) gracchus make a face , nod , start to draw back from the table . gracchus {a sigh ) the senate 's conven . i ocall to woman i ! slave ) ! woman ! divide a skin of wine among my friend . in {to group ) a! at least you will be enjoy you ~ 7 selve . {as he turn away ) do not forget the twelfth precinct assembly tomorrow night . | i | { amid a babble of farewell , gracchus and caesar exit , 185 : and omitted 186 co cl rno 187 4 t i 's | 188 i ' | } ie h 188 ~ a # 1888 - change 3/10/59 73 ext , slum STREET - rome ~ day - full shot 187 tenement building , five to seven storey high , shut out the sunlight from tne teeming street below . dog , cat , child , huckster , dice shooter , beggar , brawler , prostitute , fiercely bargain housewive , make the day hideous with they clamor . gracchus ! litter and caesar 's horse walt outside a shabby doorway , which now open as gracchus and caesar enter scene , another angle ~ gracchus and caesar : 188 they move toward a carriage . a beggar-woman extend she palm to gracchus . like everybody else in Rome , she know he name . beggar woman have pity , great gracchus ! gracchus ( give she a coin} remember I in you prayer , grand ~ mother . ( they continue on ; gracchus look at caesar with wise amusement } do not turn up you nose , young man . I be bear on this street . caesar I be bear on the capitoline h1il . but I move . gracchus I do not , the Forum may be the mind of Rome , but she heart and most of she belly 's right down here in the fourth werd . I love this street . I might even be willing to die for it . nclimb into carriage ) he settles himself . caesar climb in beside he . carriage atart . . . trucking shot ~ with carriage - gracchus and caesar 188-4 caesar turn he fastidious eye from the teeming street to gracchus . . continued mag # 1888 - Change 3/16,59 286-a continued caesar ( sardonically ) and since most of they have vote , they return you ilove . gracchus ( cheerfully ) yes -- do not they though ? every mother 's son of them vote with gracchus . if I be a ambitious - young aristocrat I would take a house in this ward . cultivate this people . learn from they . they can lift you higher than you think , ninhales deeply ) smell that ? caesar I have be smell it steadily . : gracchus it 's the perfume of Rome , the smell of power . we reek of power down here . dissolve to 188-b trucking shot - gracchus and caesar - in carriage - STREET approaching forum gracchus you look cheerful enough after yester - day 's bad luck , caesar {a little startle ) I do not have such a tad day , gracchus in the morning you lose 300,900 sesterce at the race . in the afterncon you be hail up on charge of adultery with the wife of callistus . caesar and clear . continued 7h 188-a 188-5 {x ) mag # 1888 - change 3-16-59 75 188-b continued 188-8 gracchus technically . in the evening you flogge a committee of creditor , and spend the night brawling in you palace with sixty guest . ( pause ) this morning you visit you money - lender . caesar at least I keep he money in action , where do you get 211 this information ? {x ) gracchus you money~lender . you have get he scared . ( benign smile ) I tell he you future have the color of goid . 189 int , vestibule - roman senate - day - mo , shot - gracchus , 189 caesar - glabrus in b.g , jie . as they enter through the great door of the building . the ' vestibule be a apartment where senator may gossip informally , or plan strategy , while the Senate be conduct its business in the great chamber immediately beyond . through the open docrway into the senate chamber proper we can catch a background glimpse of the Senate in session : we hear the drone of sena - torlal voice , indicate that the Senate be in session . gracchus , while he and caesar be divest of they outer garment by attendant , go to the door , he eye sweep the chamber beyond , then he turn back and address glabrus . gracchus ( to glabrus ) where 's the mighty crassus ? glabrus out of the city . gracchus well , at least you be here . ( move to caesar ) no reason to worry for Rome as long as we have get glabrus with we . he take caesar 's arm , and they pass into the Senate chamber , follow by glabrus , 191 # 1888 - change 3/10/59 76 int , roman senate - day - mo , shot toward entrance ~- 190 gracchus and caesar enter . the Senate chamber 1s a apartment of grave and sombre magnificence , it. 1s a circular room , as if - the speaker ' area be the crescent apron of a theatre , around which two row of Senators ! seat form a semi-circle , thus , the person who ad - dress the Senate stand , so to speak , in the midst of it -- & theatre in the semi-circle rather than in the round . behind the twa row of senatorial seat stand a low semi-circular wall , behind which be two row of seat for guest and spec- tator . camera truck with caesar and gracchus as they quietly take they seat in the second senatorial row , while a speech go on . . symmaceus ( the speaker ) from capua they sweep through the countryside , force other slave to join they , looting , robbing , burn everything in they path , now they pause in the escarpment of vesuvius , where each day swell they number , the situation pre - ently lie in the hand of this august body . there be a buzz in the Senate . another senator arise . laelius : not to mention over a hundred estate that have be burn , among they , gentleman -- my own . burn to the ground and three million sesterce lose ! I propose the immediate be - eall of Pompey ané he legion from Spain . mo . close shot - gracchus and caesar 1g caesar lean to gracchus , whisper in he ear . caesar I will raise five hundred man and bring the whole lot of they in ! ( start to rise ) . gracchus ( restrain he ) sit down ! do not make a fool of yourself ! 193 '' 194 # 1888 - change 3/10/59 . 77 full shot - the senat 192 gracchus rise . gracceus ' why call back the legion when the oo hy garrison of Rome have nothing of do ( but defend we from sausage - maker ? 1 let 's send glabrus against this scoundrel and give tnem a taste of Roman steel , laelius {in high alarm ) I protest ! I most strongly protest ! there be nore slave in Rome than Roman . with the garrison absent , what 's to prevent they from rise too ? gracchus {to laelius ) I do not say the whole garrison . six echort will more than do the job . the rest can stay in Rome to save you from you house - maid . ( turn to glabrus ) will you accept such a charge , glabrus ? close on glabrus : 193 he 's pleased at the idea . he hear a rise murmur of approval . he rise , oo glabrus I accept the charge of the Senate , if it truly charge I . the garrison of Rome stand ready . another angle - full shot - favoring gracchus 194 he extend he hand toward glabrus in a gesture of gratitude . gracchus of course it do . ( to all ) . : slave hunt 's a dirty business , and 4t take a brave commander to consent to it . I propose that we turn the eity out tomorrow in tribute to glabrus i as he march through . continued 5 mag , 194 195 196 # 1888 ~ change 3/16/59 ... tih continued 194 buzz of approval . ' 7 gracchus and for temporary commander cf the garrison during he absence , I propose caius julius caesar . dissolve to int , senate vestibule - day : 195 Senators be pass from the chamber into the vastibule , and thence out onto the broad step cf the building . they chat quietly amongst themselves . caesar and gracchus pass through the great door onto the step . i trucking shot - caesar and gracchus ~ down senate step 196 they start slowly down the step , gracchus I think you should pay a visit , to the sausage - maker , tell they to meet wherever they want . ( glance ) you do not look very happy about the new job . caesar why should I ? glabrus will be back , gracchus ( shrug dubiously ) maybe . : '' ei caesar ( look at he sharply ) but this be not a serlous outbreak , gracchus anything can become serious . even it the dream of a man like crassus . ' that 's why I want glabrus out of the way for a while . : ( chuckle ) 4 you know , most decent Roman love the Republic as 4 mother be love . but this crassus want to marry she ! SOUND of 0.5 , cry and cheer from step above . a | ee eente een ech spot pasadena a a er rnr sn eee cg ( the caesar ) I hope he return to such applause . -_ 7 4 mag # 2883 - change 3/16/59 a 77 - B 197 ext , senate build - toward senate door - glabrus | as he pass through the door , the citizen on the step , as | well 3 senator who have remain , cheer and apptaiin . cry of " feil , glabrus ' " " great glabrus ! " " hail ! " glabrus pleased , | bow right and leave and start down the step attena py a retinue . - 198 another angle ~ amidst crowd at base of step ~ gracchus , 198 , caesar , fimbria in b.g. ' fimbria , a elderly man , carry a string of live pullet for | sale , gracchus and caesar be both watch the descent down the step of glabrus . they be applauding , i gracchus . ( ironically ) hail , glabrus , haili he now turn to fimbria , two fat one , fimbria . | fimbria give they to he ; gracchus pay . : ue gracchus . i gracchus | : i no change . take it to you wife . i ; i fimbria May the god adore you ! gracchus only through you prayer , fimbria . continued bar re : , mag 198 co 19g '' 200 # 1885 - change 3/10/59 t7 - C continued 198 gracchus ( cont would ) ( hand chicken to caesar ) let 's make a old - fashioned sacri - fice for glabrus ' success , eh ? caesar ( as they start off again ) I think you have reservation about the god . gracchus ochuckle ) privately I do not believe in any of they , and neither do you . publicly I believe in they all . ( bow off ) greeting , Marcus clodius plavius ! dissolve to omitted 199 ext , the palace of crassus - full shot - day 200 1 the travel - stain cortege of Marcus licinius crassus have just draw up to the courtyard of the palace , which be a princely Roman regidence . crassus step out of he litter , to a bow of slave like wind touch a field of ripe wheat . he pass with swift step into the open patio which be the rectangular enclosure that give entry into the palace proper . mag = 201 lv oe , * 202 203 # 1888 - change 3/16/59 78 int , patio - cassusy / siice — 28 201 as crassus arrive , ° the najordoma whom we have see at_the slave market bow low in Zreeting , halt - a=dozen minet house - dignitary behind he . crassus send a courier vo the palace of Marcus glabrus . I wish he to attend I at once . . majordomo ~s you pleasure in the crassus cellent , ( see something off ) what have we here ? int , patio - another angle 202 crassus in f.g. look shazply across to half - a- dozen newly ~ purchase slave in b.g , there be two middle - age woman , three adult male , and a strikingly beautiful young man , scarcely out of he teens . they may , if we wish , be secure to each other by rope . each wear around he neck the plaque which he wear in the slave market , announce he name , age , origin , etc . majordomo they arrive as a gift from the provincial government of thessaly . crassus nod slowly , he eye still on the new slave ; then he walk across the patio , camera trucking with he to ; mo , shot - crassus and antoninus ~ favoring antoninus 203 who be shy as a animal in new surroundings , and fill with the shame of he condition . crassus look keenly into he eye . crassus you name ? antoninus antoninus . crassus ( gently correct he ) antoninus , master . continued mag ) 203 | 204 205 # 1888 - change 3/16/59 79 continued 203 antoninus master . crassus do you have a skill , antoninus ? antoninus I ama poet . I train the child of my master in the classic . crassus ( thoughtfully ) a poet .... nod ) you will be my body servant . ( to majordomo ) instruct he . he shoot a final keen glance at antoninus , and exit , int , salon ~ palace of crassus - glabrus - day 204 this set can be as opulent as we desire ~- or as simple . crassus live in the style of a great prince , so at the very least there should be a profusion of marble and gilt and statuary . a section of one side of the salon give onto a column courtyard in which a fountain send up crystal spray . glabrus look stern and very martial , be pace back and forth before this open section of the rocm , ramrod«stiff , hand clasped behind he , the very picture of a hero . he snap he turn like a guardsman , measure he step like a beefeater , he be absorb in thought of military glery , stunne by the measure of he own greatness . another angle - toward salon entrance ~ crassus 205 he appear in the doorway , advance a few step into the room . there he stop , he eye narrow in speculation , as he ob - serve the stern posture of he protege . a faint smile of contempt couch he lip . " crassus be you on guard duty ? glabrus , startle , whirl ; then advance eagerly to he patron . glabrus my dear crassus ! congratulate I ! or better still , let we congratulate each other . continued mag 205 # 1988 ~ change 3/16/59 80 continued a lock of 205 crassus ; ( dryly ) : - ' I congratulate we . glabrus : t tomorrow I lead six conort of the ; garrison against the slave on vesuvius . the whole city 's turn out to see we off , sheer rage mount to crassus ' face . crassus ' May the Palatine Apollo forgive I ! . ( hastily compose himself , manage a smile ) { you pardon , I always address | heaven in time of triumph . do p gracchus have something to do with ' this brilliant affair ? glabrus ( nodd ) 4 he even propose it . and very de -~ eently , toc , crassus ( softly ) 7 and you ? do you think I make you commander of the garrison to control some rock - patch on vesuvius ? ( sternly ) no ! it be to control the street of Rome herself ! glabrus : ( placatingly ) but '' only take six cohort . the rest of the garrison remain . crassus under whose command ? glabrus why --- under the commend of caesar . crassus oh excellent , excellent . find gracchus in control of the mob and the senate , you feel impell to hand the garrison over to he also , continued mig 205 # 1888 - change 3/16/59 81 continued - 2 . 205 glabrus only temporarily . crassus _— , " perhaps . in the meanwhile , one word from gracchus can destroy we '' all . if he choose to speak it . dn glabrus then I will refuse , I will withdraw from the expedition . crassus the great disadvantage of be a aristocrat be that occasionally you be oblige to act like one . you have pledge the senate to go s— _u — go you must . glabrus but if gracchus should move against you xxx : crassus - ~ he will not . he do not need to . he o— ~ ed ' have , with you assistance , immobiliz I altogether . glabrus you legion fre still in camp oute side the city wall . crassus 2 ( softly ) the legion ? do you truly believe I would order my legion to enter Rome ? : glabrus I only point out that you can if you have to , _ crassus no man have to do a thing if he will differently ! be you not aware of Rome 's most ancient law that no gen - eral may enter the city at the head of he armed legion ? glabrus {sullen defense ) sulla do . continued ~ mag 205 206 207 1888 - change 3/26/59 81 - a continued - 3 205 crassus to the infamy of he name . to the utter damnation of he line . no , glabrus . one day I shall cleanse this Rome which my father bequeath I . I shail restore 411 the tradi - tion that make she great . it follow that I can not come to power --- or even defend myself --- by a act which betray the most sacred tradition of they all . I will not bring my legion within this wall . I will not violate Rome at the mo - ment of possess she . glabrus but if gracchus --- ' crassus gol prepare you troops at once . March out of the city tonignt . leave by unfrequented street and without fanfare , without even a drum . sneak out , glabrus ( humbly ) as you wish , crassus and remember there 's nothing more horrible than a slave war , it 's as if the world of beast first begin to think and then go mad . please go . he turn and exit . glabrus , utterly bewilder , move toward the exlt that give onto the forecourt , dissclve to omitted . 206 int , dine salon - house of gracchus ~ gracchus and 207 batiatus at table the room , although in a slum area , be richly decorate and luxuriously furnishec : gracchus ' entire house 1s staff by slave woman : peasant girl and woman from a dozen conquer province and kingdom . they be plainly dress , and wear no make -up . ome or two be on the plump side . ' they be ex - tremely competent servant , amiable and more content with continued mag 207 # 1868 - change 3/26/59 82 continued . 207 they lot than most Roman household slave . as they go about they work of serve the food , the occasional glance they east toward they master give one a feel that they be in - terested in he , that they like to serve he : and the glance he give they , never leer nor lascivious , tell we that he keep a eve on they work , and that he be fond of they all . the feel be that of a well - run and content harem . batiatus , unshaven and clad in a tunic that 1s both soile and wear , sit across from gracchus , the very image of misery , self - pity , and dignity bring low , he be extremely hungry , and gracchus , who eat more moderately , continually thrust more food upon he . batiatus , a ruin man , be desperately / eager to agree with everything he host say , for in this erisig of he life he see the friendship and patronage of gracchus to be he only hope for salvation , batiatus how good you be to I , if I may say so , gracchus you may . batiatus thank you . gracchus do not just eye the bird . eat they , there be no need for you to be on you best behavior here , batiatus take a bird . they eye meet for a moment . . gracchus in case 1t put you at you ease , I may as well remind you that you have be very good to I in the past . batiatus I good to you ? how , pray . gracchus you sell I slave at extremely reasonable price , you arrange private gladiatorial joust at cost , or practically ... you be both eth - ical in business matter and far sighted sacitally . batiatus I have always regard you as my patron . continued { ' még # 1888 - change 3/26/59 : 83 207 continued - 2 : 207 gracchus we both have a tendency towards corpulence . corpulence make a man reasonable , pleasant , phiegmatic . have you notice ' that the nastiest of tyrant be invariably thin ... 1 depressingly thin ? : batiatus ! no , I hand't notice that , but now that you mention 1t , how profound , {takes a great deal of food ) gracchus now ... let we mix business with pleasure . how may I help you ? batiatus {his mouth full ) believe I , I find it hard to hate , but there 1s one man I cannot think of without fume . gracchus and who be that ? batiatus crassus , gracchus ( genuinely surprised ) you have grow very ambitious in you hatred . batiatus have not I every reason , great gracchus ? there I be , better than a millionaire in the morning -- by nightfali a penniless refugee , with only my poor flesh and a few rag to call my own , and all because crassus decide to break he journey at capua with a couple of capricious , overpaint nymph , the widow of lucius caius marius , whose execution delighted we all , and the daughter of that superanimated oaf septimus optimus glabrus whose son make such a royal mess of the Eastern Wars . i this two spoiled daughter of venus '' insisted on taunting the gladiator , then have shem fight to the death -- continued mag # 1888 = change 3/2¢/59 84 207 continued - 3 2 c7 batiatus ( cont would ) next thing I know , I have a revolu - tion on my hand . gracchus ( stare at he ) have you ever think of enter politics ? you would not last long , put it would be a colorful career for a week or two ... what revenge have you in mind ? batiatus I sell he a woman , varinia , may the god give she wen , I di n 'ot even get a deposit on she , but she be clearly he slave from the instant we deal be make . now she 's off with spartacus , murdering people in they bed , end he have make no mention of the money . gracchus yeu never offer I this woman . why not ? batiatus she be not remotely you type . thin . gracchus look around you . you will see woman of all size . ( slap money on table ) five hundred sesterce deposit on a varinia . since he have not pay for she this give I first call over crassus when she 's catch and aucticn , batiatus May the god adore yout but why do you buy a woman you have never see ? gracchus i to annoy crassus , of course . and ; to help you , i batiatus | in spite of you vice , you be . the most generous Roman of cur time 7 ; continued : er a er nag 207 # 1888 ~ change 3/36/59 continued ~ 4 gracchus vice ? batiatus the lady , gracchus ( grunt ) the lady . since when be they 2 vice ? batiatus not a vice . I use the wrong word . a eccentricity , a folble -- I trust I pronounce that properly -- why , even you butler and you groom be woman . gracchus amazon , I be the most virtuous man in Rome . batiatus how extraordinary , yes . gracchus I keep this woman because of my reapect for Roman morality . batiatus ( dark daylight ) ah -- | gracchus that morality which have make Rome strong enough to steal two -third of the world from its rightful own er , found on the sanctity of Roman marriage . the Roman family , fry the sauce , batiatus the sauce , thank you , gracchus {ruminative ) the sauce . I 'ma sensual man . I happen to like woman , I have a promiscuous nature . and unlike this aristocrat , I refuse to take a marriage vow which my nature will prevent I from keep . continued 85 207 mag . # 1888 ~ change 3/36/59 ' b5aa 207 continued ~ 5 . 207 batiatus you have too great a respect for the purity of womankind . gracchus exactly . batiatus ( after a moment 's reflection ~ look around ) it mst be tantalize to be sur - round by so much purity . gracchus _ ( sighing ) it be . mind you , I do not include slave under the head of woman - kind . that would be revolutionary think . I be not like this mur - derous spartacus who demand a impossible future with no slavery at all but nor be I like crassus , who life in the past and who can not amagine a world without slavery . I live in that most difficult of all time -=- the present , I have S : '' fl no ambition to tame the element . : like a great ship , I be conscious of - wind and tide , and I obey they only in order to stay afloat . the future be for dream , the past for regret . the present for live . batiatus . of ( humbly ) like a smail ship , i.settle in you wake , and seek protection , ( indicate one of the giris ) . : May I ? gracchus I believe in total hospitality . enjoy the purity of you surround - ing . . SOUND of horse ' hoove against the pavement outside ; the tramp of marching feet . gracchus listen --- | / | continued mag 207 208 and 209 210 211 # 1888 - chenge 3/26/59 continued - 6 he rise like a eat , make for the front door of he house , batiatus follow , omitted mo , close shot ~ gracchus and batiatus a know smile come to gracchus ' face , he smile at the 208 209 210 discomfiture of he enemy , and the pain he have put they tc in order to disengage themselves , at least partially , from the trap he have set . . gracchus the garrison . what a pity . I have such a splendid farewell plan for they , - ( shrug , smile ) crassus have return to he nest , and find my gift . a cuckco 's egg . batiatus Noble bird , dissolve to int . crassus ' palace -marble bathroom ~ crassus and slave night a sink tub in . its center dominate this magnificent apart - 2il ment . crassus loll at he ease in the tub . two slave stand at he head , alert to he every want . a third slave , on hand and knee , shampoos he master 's hair . some distance continued ug air not a come # 1888 = change 3/26/59 continued away stand antoninus , silent and watchful and withdraw , hold - ing a fold robe over one arm . crassus , as we come in on the scene , 1s in the course of a gentle , ironic inguisition of he new , young slave . : crassus do you steal , antoninus ? antoninus no. : crassus no , master . antoninus no , master , crassus do you lie ? antoninus no , master , ' crassus have you ever dishonor the god ? antoninus - no , master . crassus po you refrain from this vice out of respect for the moral virtue ? continued 85 -' 211 js # 1888 86 231 continued antoninus yes , master . crassus do you eat oyster ? antoninus when I have they . crassus ' do you eat snail ? antoninus no , master . 1 crassus laugh softly . crassus do you consider the eat of oyster to be moral , and the eat of snail to be immoral ? anton inus I - - - I do not think so . * grassus of course not , it 's a matter of appetite , be not it ? antoninus t yes , master , crassus a appetite have nothing to do with ef ! moral , have it ? antoninus no , master . crassus ( to servant ) I be finish . one servant assist he from the tub , while another swathes he completely in a deep - pile towel . crassus , pay they no heed , centinue to keep he eye on antoninus , and address he throughout the above action , i crassus therefore no appetite be immoral , be it ? it 's merely different , antoninus yes , master . continued 211 212 213 214 # 1885 - chinge 2/16 , continued - 2 while the two servant be patting crassus dry through the swathing towel , a third powder he foot . crassus my robe , antoninus , antoninus slowly approach he master , unfold the robe , and hold it forth for he . as the towel be remove , the robe replace it . crassus my appetite include both snail and oyster . a servant have now place soft white kid sandal on he foot . without a word to anyone , crassus turn and exit into he bedchamber . int . crassus ' bedchamber - night ~- crassus as he enter this spacious apartment ; he hear the scund of 212 march man . he cross swiftly , throw open the french door that lead onto the narrow baicony beyond , look down othe the street . he turn , calis out : crassus antoninus ! antoninus ? voice ( from within ) yes , master ? crassus come here , onto the baicony . there 's something you must gee . ' ext , balcony - crassus and antoninus ~ night antoninus , he face pale and wary , reluctantly come onto the balcony . crassus down there . reverse angle - from balcony to darkened night STREET the City garrison be defile through the street , silently , every foot in the dull , brute rhythm of Rome . this scund continue throughout cur scene , crassus ! voice there , you see reme . the might , the majesty , the terror ef Rome . fs ww a214 ya ) | 7 mag . 215 ic i ~ 216 # 1888 - change 7/6/59 88 mo , close shot - crassus and antoninus on balcony looking 215 down - night craasus ' eye be stiil on the march cohort below , here , he be speak not only cf the power of Rome , tut of crassus also . : crassus there be the power that bestride the know world , iike a colossus . no nation can withstand Rome . no. man can withstand she . and how much tess - a boy . he clasp both of he hand tightly against the balcony rail . ing , continue , crassus ( boy edge toward : end of belcony ) there 's only one way to deal with Rome , antoninus . you must serve she . you must abase yourself before she . you mst grovel at she peet . silently antoninus , with a frantic backward look , scramble onto the balcony ledge , jump , disappear below into the night . SOUND of march foot cover all sound of he landing , or any outery . S crassus you must love she . ( smile to himself ) be not that true , antoninus ? when he receive no answer , he turn . his face go white as he confront the empty balcony , he turn , rush into he bed chamber . crassus antoninus ! antoninus ! dissolve to omitted 216 218 219 # 1888 - change 6/24/59 89 full wide angle - camp of spartacus at vesuvius ~ day ery the lofty , tree-ringed redoubt teem with activity , carpen - ter repair wagon , set up rude structure ; butcher slaughter animal and fowl , prepare they for cooking ; there be a central food depot , and oven with woman baking bread , ' spit with halve of beeve roasting above they . the variety of trede be infinite . most importantly , we see the community of male slave receive training exactly like that which be 1 receive by the zladistor at capua , yet more severe . the | capua machine ere in use ; trainee carry sae log beam , they i chin with the weight of rock , they work with the sword - =- yet i everything have a quick tempo than at capua , everything have a '' great air of determination beacause , of course , it be voluntary . ! in far f.g , team of man scale the rocky side of the escarpment , crawl up like fly , then leaping down incredible distance , | mo , seot of encampment - spartacus = day he be riding through the camp , observe all the activity . he approach crixus who be supervise the training of the man . g : spartacus ; hew be they do ? crixus give I a thousand more like they and we can march on Home ! spartacus laugh , ride on . different camp area - new runaways -~ guard , david the jew - 219 day the newly arrive escapee be rag , dirty , hopeful - - ~ and much impressed with the varied activity they see on all sida , at all time sound of training , of call and order , should pervade this scene , among the newcomer be antoninus . the latter be still clad in the rich garment in which we last sew bim , but dirty and rag from travel , they be all listen attentively to David the Jew , to whom they have be conduct . david here on vesuvius we be safe from attack while we organize ourselves into a army . it may take six month , it may take a year , we do not know , once we be strong enough , we be go to fight we wey south to the sea , we be go to arrange for ship with cilician , . then the sea will be a road hom for we all , if you agree , you may join we . if you do not agree ~-~ go back before you escape be discover , continujed rr a a ‘om # 1888 ~ change 6/21/59 continued there be a murmur among the escapee , a middle - age man who appear to be they leader finally speak for them first slav : we want to stay , old crone and wa want to sea spartacus , spartacus have just entered , and have watch they briefly , thoughtfully . spartacus nadvance ) I be spartacus . they stare at he with something close to awe --- a slave who have rebell agsinst he master and stili life . spartacus : ( frown ) you people bring too many woman . the Old crone , rag and almost toothless , leap forward , face he at ea foot 's distance , she eye blaze . . old crone what 's wrong with woman ? where would spartacus be now if some woman have not go through all the pain of hell to bring he into this accurse world ? I can handle & knife in the dark as well as any - ome . JI can lie and cast spell and brew poison , and I have make death shroud for seven Roman master in my time , have you ? ' spartacus , frown with amusement at she ferocity , reach cut awiftly , place the flat of he hand against she body beneath she arm , as one do wlth a child . and lift she clear off the ground , until she be stare down at he while he laugh face look directly into hers . spartacus all right , grandmother - -- stay with we , we will need a million Roman shroud before we be through ! he swing she to the ground , turn to the general group . continued # 1886 - change 6/24/59 continued - 2 antoninus do not reply . his aye flash , he merely look at spartacus . spartacus we rule be simple : hard work , no steal , and the woman belong to themselves , now where be you people from ? first slave most of we come from the estate of quintus laelius , spartacus ( nedd ) what work do you do there ? first slave sixteen year a carpenter and mason , spartacus we need carpenter . {to next man ) what do you do ? second slave I be chief steward in the none hold of quintus leelius . spartacus then you can take charge of we food supplies , report to the wear varinia , t ( pass to antoninus , notice he clothes , feel he garment } well . what «ind of work do you do ? antoninus I be a singer of song . : spartacus umm , < a pet slave , spartacus ( amusing the crowd and himseif ) do you do anything else ? antoninus ( resentfully ) { I juggle . I perform trick of i magic , a continued } ha # 1886 = change 6/25/59 92 } 4 i j a 219 continued - 3 219 ic - '' : aoe spartacus ah ! Magic , we need all the magic we can find up here . {to crowd ) maybe he can make the Roman dis - appear . {back to antoninus ) if youtre go to stay here you will have to learn something useful . patulus will teach you to be a 0 butcher . crixus will teach you to kill with the short sword . we want man here ~--- not poet ? he turn away from they , exit . antoninus be still flushed from embarrassment and anger . - |. dissolve to 220 close shot - antoninus ~ by firelight - night 220 he be juggling three egg . as he complete a very brief 's ' ah routine with they , camera draw back with he action , to reveal ; j '' : | 221 group around campfire = spartacus , varinia , dionysius , david , 221 3 ! crixus , such other as be need - night fy t antoninus by each of you take a egg and hold it . i he hand a egg to David , to varinia , and to spartacus . spartacus 's ( ami ling ) 3 thanks . I have not have a egg in day , | : antoninus : i you may not have one yet . some - ~ i } time there be chick inside . ' j ( to varinia ) . crack yours open . carefully . she crack she egg ; open it ; a tiny yellow canary cheep , jump ; out onto she finger , takea wing . General : astonishment . varinia i laugh . il a antoninus a J ( the David ) you crack yours . continued bm # 1888 ~ change 6/24/59 93 221 continued 22 ) cy ; sell all eye on david he crack he egg ; another canary fly out , flicker directly to '' tree , perches , increase awe , antonings ( to spartacus ; faint sarcasm ) crack yours «= General , spartacus , lip purse , begin to crack he egg . he be cupping he hand about it awkwardly . . spartacus {as he crack ) this be one bird that be not go of get away . he separate the shell - -- and he hand be cover with run egg . moment of shocked silence while he stare at the mesa , David burat into hearty laughter , hscapees titter nervously , 222 close on spartacus : 222 _ slowly he lift he face and eye from the mess in he hand to the face of antoninus , he be compel to smile , 222+a group shot . 222-a david maybe we would better go on to the song . : 223 another angle ~ favoring antoninus 223 he swallow the laughter thet fill he face , pick up bia . stringe instrument , strum a open chord or two . the chord serve to quiet the merriment of the pracede enter - tainment , camera move from antoninus to the face of other - principal , register they reaction as antoninus ! voice take command of they emotion : antoninus ( quietly , and with deep feel and - dignity ) when the blaze sun hang low in the western sky , when the wind die awey on the mountain , when the scng of the meadowlark turn still , y when the field - locust click no more in the field , when the sea-foam sleep like a maiden at rest , and twilight touch the shape of the wonder world , continged gu } mag , # 1888 = change 6/29/59 a eo 223 continued B 223 top antoninus ( cont would ) ; ty : I turn home . through blue shadow and purple wood I turn home . I turn to the place I be bear , to the mother who bore I , 's the father who teach I , and the god who watch over that place Long ago ; long and long ; long ago . - alone be I now , a-lost and alone , in a far , wideswander world ; " yet still when the blaze sun hang hha when the wind die away , when the sea-foam sleep , and twilight touch the wonder earth , ain , I turn home , through blue and purple ~ shadow wood I go , bewitch by the distant bellow of cow , and the smell of pine -smoke , and ea farawey light , and the voice of kinfold together at night ... the last chord quiver from the string of antoninus 's instrument , and he voice die into silence whieh continue for a long moment . varinia break it : varinia {ea whisper ) oh antoninus , I love it , I do love it ... 1 5 =~ i antoninus nod gravely ; he do too .. spartacus stir , rise on one elbow , stare intently across at the youth . spartacus where do you learn song like that ? antoninus my father teach I . spartacus who do you sing they for ? antoninus my master , ' continued no mag 223 # 1888 ~ change 6/29/59 continued ~ 2 spartacus I be wrong , poet ... you will not learn to kill , you will teach we song . antoninus I join to fight . spartacus ( simply ) no. anyone can learn to fight . antoninus I want to fight . spartacus ( pause } there 's a time for fight ... and there 's a time for sing . now you will teach we to sing . sing , antoninus . he turn away , the matter settle . he and varinia exit , loud , angry . trucking shot ~ spartacus and varinia ~ night move through the darken encampment together , scund of a new musical theme come 0.s. in diminish volume from antoninus and he group , . varinia you like he , do not you ? spartacus anyone can learn to fight . but to sing beautiful thing and make you believe they . varinta , when do it begin ? varinia what trouble you , spartacus ? spartacus I be free and what do I know ? I do not even know how to read , varinia ! . varinia you know thing that can not be teach . continued as they do so , antoninus strike perhaps two more chord , sharp , 22h se pifas = change 6/20/99 sowteertel spaitacd ct bnow nothing . peen . '' waot of now = at to wamk — 7 rane be kno = ae pom pole 's in tne acenmo , camera boo bolt wlth we cher= sotwro , deliece fhom eo po plaice and poeiiiag in which tigte lore aceo be to se play . she deewe 625 brad sack to ber lag , aroéec bis , ae sbare op at the ware eur pic , tarinia koos what ? spartacus erenaily , fasrnitel ! euarything . hire a ster fhlia ant a bird dosso 's , wheta bhe sao go ab sight . why tha noon obenge shape . cooft braade tlittar bar deity he couche the toqk ] towiet 63 boo soete the wied coord trom , tarin ia ijreeeowd to to eeesn ] the ws ' d8 ge 20 8 caida , cem 42 rempabor ing ! - par of tha garen g foung bod elearoe ip bnet care , fe dzeame of a girl , avi be atgoa , and ene ight wink tira with bie breatn , splpracus to want to Foot woy @ canosn love ao mach aod base at the gee tit . = and J naot ga knod abowe you . 1 want to feow eveaty per 's of you . srery 2urt8 aod ling , srary thougne . eréiy beot of pow beaare . . wartkia [ eiss bie coreka , bla eyoo , thos thross ] laste to , mamorise be , . , she klage ble .ipa , and he bere on this oighe , tear oom ceive thedr sniid , dlis0 lve to i i é dg 225 226 227 228 229 230 # 1888 - change 6/24/59 '' wt , 98-a sa wo nis a ' '' ytoe er actually he 1s mount on a horse , riding full tilt . his face be pale , shocked . he shout as he go : moun ' gladiator 9 Roman ! homan ! if cra : : a oe 3 closeuf - gladiator - night 225 2 ee , full trucking shot - with the horseman ~ night 226 he have just whipped he horse over the ovapheny ef the be - doubt , be now riding wildly through the encampment . mounted gladiator the garrison of Rome ! they're in the valleyl flash shot - group of slave and individual 227 they start up , panicked , grab child cr possession , and stert rume aimlessly in various direction . cry Roman ] the Roman be here ! etc. mo . close shot - spartacus and vartnia 226 startle , they rise , as cry of " Roman ! " come from the throat of a dozen other sentries on the periphery of the encampment . they start off at once . central area encampment - full shot - around FIRE = nicet 229 0.8 . cry redouble . all be leaping to they foot , talk excitedly , some rush off , other from other area run up. - flash shot ~- man running wildly through slave community - 230 night his face be stark with terror . man {top of voice ) Roman ] run for you lives} runt en | | | el # 2888 - change 5/26/59 98-3 231 central area - filled with slave and gladiator - night 231 man of we previous shot rushss into scene , amidst grow sign of panic . he be still shcute , and other begin to join . crixus step up swiftly , fell the man with one blow . dionysius , Old crone and many other be in scene . crixus nrain kick on moan figure ) you ceward of a house slave ! spartacus arrive in scene , touch crizxus ' arm . '' spartacus ( quietly ) leave he alone . by now the area be crowded , with new arrival , they all watch spartacus and crixus , spartacus reach down , take the minute by the arm , help he ( not too gently ) to rise . spartacus where do you think you would run to ? 232 close trucking shot - a young girl child 233 she have be terrify by the shouting , and now rush through the group , run as kard as she can , and crying loudly , tear stream down she frighten littie face , little girl I want to go home ! I want to go home 233 full shot - group - favoring spartacus and child 233 something about the urgent terror in the infant 's voice pro- '' duce a lull in the excited conversation . as the child cross spartacus ! path , as bend down , sweep she into he arm little girl ( sobbing ) I want to go home } spartacus lift the child , hold it in front of he face , smile into she wid , frighten , lonely sye . continued pchtregpeaentnie ornament seneee fone 23k # 1888 - change 6/26/59 continued 233 spartacus ( gently ) shhhbhé ( child quiet , look at he curiously ) now what be it ? skhhi little girl ( more coherently , although dry sob still come ) I want to g-g - go h-home spartacus draw she close to he shoulder , cuddle she there . spartacus ( tenderly ) we have no home . we be free . the crowd 1s not completely silent . still hold the child to he breast , spartacus turn , face crixus , smile . spartacus well , crixus - -- you have be want to march on Rome , we do not have to mow . Rome 's come to use he hand tne child toe varinia , who take it lovingly . spartacus ( to all of they ) now let 's see what we gan do about this army of theirs . '' he start off , other follow quietly , confidently . dissolve to cheat 9 the entire camp 4s in flame ; clamor of diminish battle ; hundred of slave figure carry torch , pass at a run through the destroy Roman encampment , . roman encampment ~ night 23 k ) gl =) e 235 i 236 # 1688 - change 6/26/59 shot of battlefield ~ sy FIRE and torchlight Men , woman and child be pass through a sea of dead Roman , search the body , stack arm , organize leot supplies , hitching horse and mule to cart . int . glabrus headquarters tent - night present be spartacus , David , crixus , otner . they be systematically go through chest , papers , ete spartacus ( sniff deep ) place smelis like e rise - garden . opick up legate 's wand ) what 's this ? david the Commander 's baton . spartacus make a little face , thrust it inside he belt . antoninus , bear the stain and bruise of battie , hnter , antoninus they be bring in a prisoner , the only one they could find alive . continued 236 | ps '' — '' 236 237 # 1888 - change 6/25/59 continued spartacus I have be look for you . | ; antoninus i ( defensively ) { what do you expect I to do ? | spartacus ( grin ) h| . what you do . you fight well , too . u rising shout from outside ; ali start for tent exit . | I night i a gladiator be just drag glabrus up the step onto the plat - form . glabrus be panting , and sc many have kick or strike out at he as the gladiator bore he through the crowd that a he be understandably daze . the gladiator deliver he onto ! the platform and spartacus , David , dionysius and the other } emerge from the neadaquarters tent . crowd in uproar of enthusi - : asm . spartacus move up to the captive , peer at hin . i yay spartacus ava ud ( ext , glabrus headquarters tent - full shot - torchlight = 237 ' put a light en he ! yw a torch be thrust full into glabrus ' face , im such a way that ! the audience will reasonably feei that he cannot clearly recog - nize the feature around he because of the glare in he eye . i he stand in the glare , exhaust , panting , nis head sink . spartacus ' } look at I , Roman ! should you hang au you head in the presence of slave ? ' '' : t glabrus raise he head , look at spartacus , i i " sfartacus i that 's better . and stop shaking . | what 's you name ? i é ' ' i glabrus ( hideously ashamed ) Marcus glabrus , Commander of the garrison of Rome , hubbub from crowd that press in on all side , as far as camera extend . i gladiator 4 ( short laugh ) : he be commanding it on he belly when we find he , play dead . continued es bm an 237 i # 1888 - change 6/24/59 98-f conti nued 237 spartacus go over to glabrus , finger the tunic he wear , look at the golden bracelet on he wrist . glabrus , out of fear and sheme , wilt again . spartacus stand up ! that 's better . that 's the way a noble Roman should stand before he master , do you think we be go to kill you ? be you afraid of die ? you should not be , have not you seén enough gladiator in the arena to learn how easy it be to die ? of course you have . speak to I , Roman , crixus emerge , clad in plume helmet , cloak and breastplete , glabrus what be you go to do to I ? ; orixus let 's have a match pair --- he and I ! cry of approval from the crowd , . spartacus ( nodd ) that 's a good idea , {to glabrus ) shall we strip you down to you loincloth and give you a knife and find out for ourselves the color of Roman blood ? glabrus {sullen pride ) I will not fight like a gladiator . yell of resentment from crowd . 7 spartacus maybe you should have . and you man too , you might have win , ( pause ) you do fight tonight , do not you ? laughter from the crowd , crixus draw he sword from the scabbard and advance toward glabrus . continued # 21888 - change 7/6/59 98 -g continued - 2 : 237 crixus ( fiercely ) there 's only one thing to do with 4 Roman -~ kill himi spartacus no , crizus . put you sword back . crixus reluctantly lower he sword . the crowd , tear between disappointment and curlosity , quiet to see what will happen . spartacus reach into he belt , withdraw the ivory baton which he pick up while inside the tent . spartacus ( hold it close to glabrus ! face ) De you recognize this baton ? you should . the man who carry it carry all the power of the senate , all the power of Rome . ( break it , thrust it into glabrus ! belt ) take . it back to you senate . teil they you and that break stick be all that 's leave of the garrison . of Rome . tell they we dontt want any - thing except we freedom . tell they all we want be to get out of this curse og . tell they we be march 's out ! '' the sea , and we will my smash ever 's xhey send against usi for ( to other ) put he on a horse} while the crowd howl its delight , glabrus be rush off the platform and onto the back of a horse . crowd backward ] tie he on backward ! to roar of laughter he be reverse . a sword smack the horse 's rump ... the horse bolt forward , run out of the scene pursue by howl of laughter . spartacus now we can start for brundusium ] dg 238 239 20 247 # 1868 - change 7/6/59 wider angle - portion of slave community wave they torch , shout , ad lib roar : ad lib to the seal to the saal close on spartacus his face be now fill with joy and exultation . omitted dissolve to 98 . h : | through = | | cl # 1888 - change 3/11/59 99 | | co 248 int . roman senate - day - full shot 248 ~ the bench be full . symmachus be at the podium . tanding beside the podium , erect , immaculately uniferm , and fill with shame , glabrus be conclude he report of the catastrophy | that befell he six cohort of the garrison . } glabrus he say they hatred of Rome be I such that all they wish be to excape from she rule . if unoppose , he promise a peaceful march to the sea . if oppose , he threaten to ravage the countryside and destroy every legion send against he . i | symmachus and once they get to the sea ? glabrus they plan to take ship with the silician pirate and return the they home . symmachus from which port do they propose iin to embark ? glabrus brundusium , City garrison can not stand up to they , if they be to i be intercept , it 's work for the legion . laelius ( interrupt ) éreept ! this spartacus have lready cost we a thousand millicn nerce ! if now he want to be - * jlieve we of he filthy presence , in / the name of all the god let he go !! : i t 1 248-a another angle - favoring caesar , gracchus 2b6 - a i caesar rise angrily . gracchus , slump well back in he seat , hi i be — sleep peacefully . : i cagsin '' il see ( respond hotly ) | impossible ! ' already they have infect st ; half of Italy , if - wé permit they to aa escape they imfection will spread ! ~ through the whole world . continued : mag 248-8 # 1888 ~ change 3/17/59 / 100 continued 2hb -a symmachus before we discuss policy , let we continue with the report of Marcus glabrus . be there further question to be put to he ? there be a stir as crassus rise . gracchus ' sleep feature twitch fretfully . crassus ' face be stern , he figure straight as a lance . . crassus what sort of man be this slave who ( x ) calis himself spartacus ? glabrus ( x ) ( embarrassed ) I be blindfolded . I see none of they . crassus after he finish talk to you -- { X ) what then happen ? qlabrus ( livid with shame ) I -- I be tie to a horse and lash out of camp , . crassus how many of you command escape ? ; glabrus fourteen have report thus far . I myself be take prisoner in my own command tent . the camp be thoroughly infiltrate before a alarm could be sound . ' crassus do you surround you camp with moat and stockade ? glabrus ( after a long pause ) no , we arrive after sunset . sen - try be post every ten pace . we have no reasen to expect a attack by night . anc then again , they --- glabrus break off , he eye haunt , as if try to grasp some incomprehensible idea . ' crassus continue . 's glabrus ( softly ) they be slave . continued # 1888 - change 3/11/59 100 - a continued - 2 248a for a long moment crassus stare at he protege , he eye icy with anger . crassus {softiy ) ah. slave , do they fight well ? glabrus ( note of horror ) they founght -- like no bithynlan er silician you ever see . the woman beside they , crassus ( turn to senate as a whole ) I submit that publius Marcus glabrus have disgrace the arm of Rome . let the punishment of the senate be pronounce . glabrus square he shoulder and manfully wait for the blow to fall . crassus resume he seat . gracchus stir , waken , cast a sharp look at glatrus , and then at crassus . the eye of the whole senate be now covertly watch crassus , like the eye of that at a funeral who peer incessantly at the chief mourner for sign of grief . crassus 's face reveal nothing . he might be sit in the privacy of he own salon , gracchus cough , rise . gracchus if we punish every commander who make a fool of himself we would and ? have anyone leave above the rank of ecenturicn . 5 laelius but this be a case of criminal carelessness ! six cohort have be slaughter ! gracchus crassus sponsor this young man . let he pronounce sentence . he sit down abruptly . Ali eye go back to crassus . only a slight flicker of the eyebrow indicate he momentary surprise . he rise swiftly to the challenge , not casting so much as 2a glance at gracchus . continued xg }o 24b=a i & 248-b # 1888 - chance 3/26/59 continued - 3 [ 2y3 - a crassus ( quietly ) the punishment be well know : let glabrus be interdicted from fire , water , food and shelter for a dis - tance of four hundred mile in ali direction from the city of Rome , uw there be a rise nuriur of admiration that @rassus , who could have impose a lesser sentence upon he protege , refuse to do go . glabrua ' face go white , crassus continue stand . crassus one thing more , ( instant silence ) publius ' larcus glabrus be my friend . I will not dissociate myself from he disrrace , I now lay down my cormand of the legion of Italy and return to private life . he look strairht at glabrus , who raise he head ana gaze into the proud face of he patron , judge , and friend . glabrus bow stiffly to the senate , execute a smart right turn , star , for the senate exit , crassus , from he position in the bench ) turn and slowly advance to the exit , where he join the wait - / ing glabrus , and they move into the vestibule together . thex — '' be follow by five or six other senator of crassus ' party . they exit be carry out in silence , seve for the stir of shifting body , the rustle of robe as the senator nod and gesticulate to each other , or softly whisper . as soon as the withdrawal be ronplete , the whisper rise to a vague babble . gracchus rema an stand . this exit should be intereut with a close or two of gracchus , watch the whole display with amusement , disgust , and scorn , he rise slowly to he foot , look about - room ' far a monant to attract they attention before berin iesresi . x gracchus a af be ~ N ah mo . sho ? - favoring gracchus 248-8 we be engage in two great war --- a '' one in Spain , the other in Asia . es as Pirates have cut off we egyptian a ane 3 erain supply . spartacus raid the '' ae commerce of all south Italy . half a ae the precinct of Rome be without we as bread . I suggest this be no tine ss for aman of nonor to withdraw fron public affaira . continued mag # 1888 - change 3/16/59 100 -' I | oo 248-b continued 2h8.5 ao crassus ' adherent ( while crassus be - | : main immobile ) } shame} sit down ! for shame ! } - gracchus i this sort of heroic public behaviour } be nothing new . I have see it before , as we all have , and I know the mean - ing of it . 2k8-c int , senate vestibule - mo , shot - crassus , 248 -c | his supporter in b.g. crassus have freeze to attention as he listen to the insulting word of a enemy he cannot and will mot answer in kind ; but the look of cold anger in he eye be a threat of death itseif . a senator' voice ( o.8. , from the chamber ) crassus act on a point of honor ! 248.d full shot - the senate 248. D gracchus patrician henor . no matter how noble it appear from the outside -- i_do not like the color of it . laelius crassus be the only man in Rome who have not yield to Republican . corruption , anc never will . gracchus I will take a little Republican corruption along with a little Republican freedom . but I will not take the dictatorship of crassus and no freedom at all ! he be interrupt by a burst of chesr and applause , he glow - er about the chamber till it subside . gracchus that 's what he 's out for , and that 's why he will be back , and when he do return , you will cheer just as loudly for he , in the meanwhile , if we continued gl # 1888 - change 6/1/59 100 - p | 248-d continued 248-d | ( gracchus ( cont would ) ean clean up this mess without rune ning to he for nelp , he may regret this noble scene today . there be two thing we must do immediately : ! confirm caesar as permanent comman - ! der of the garrison , and assign two legion to intercept and destroy spartacus at tne city of luceria . | a rise roar of approval , repetition of the word " lucerta " i | if practical . : i dissolve 10 } 2h8-e omitted : : 248-5 gl . # 1888 - change 7/13/59 249 marching shot : through town at the climax of which we superimpose the word : | | ! i — bomm fhe gwi tk ley cn / | | od foodblt a dissove to ala 250 full shot - slave leader 250 mount , riding into camera , triumphant . dissolve to ' 5 1 i 251 ext , slave camp = day - 7 251 spartacus , crixus , David , dionysius and antoninus ar® sprawle ) on the ground study a group of map . behind they we seo the general activity of the , encampment , . i dionysius i + I cantt read this map and I do not 4 believe they teli the truth . after three month , be this all the farther we have get ? david do not forget we number have double . crixus we hitve get to stop take everybody i that come along . spartacus . for we can not stop . how can we decide who to take and who to leave behind ? . crixus but they will kold we back . dionysius at this rate we could take a year i get to brundusium i crixus you can not train a army and fight Roman at the same time . continued # 1838 - change 7/13/59 continued spartacus spartacus that 's what we have be do - be not it ? the veal problem be when we do get to brundusium there * will not be eneugh ship . when we make e with the pirate we do not have all that woman and old man , david wheat can we do , spartacus ? spartacus '' we will get more shipss by ) ' €rixus 6 yy who !li get more ship ? look at antoninus . spartacus '' tn ( quietly ) antoninus , you be Tamil with brundusiun , be not you ? antoninus I use to work in fair all around there . . spartacus do you still remember enough about the country to find you way there ? antoninus easily . spartacus good . nobody ever suspect a travel juggler and magician . tell they we will need twice as many ship as we thcught . and when we get there we will bring another hundred thousand gold sesterce , antoninus orealize the responsibility he 's be give ) itll do my best . continued 251 252 through 253 254 254-8 " 255 256 257 257 0a through 259 260 '' he survey the crowd below , as if look for someone in par . # 1888 - change 7/13/59 102 continued 251 spartacus : if you can make canary come out of chicken egg - you will find two ship where there be only one . dissolve to ' 252 omitted and — 253 countryside - outskirt of encampment = from ledge pore ea54 3o river - bright sunshine in the river below child be bathing naked , woman be wash - ing they arm and leg , and some be wash clothes . on ledge - above river ~ spartacus - day 254a / ticular . then he continue along the ledge upstream . dissolve to another portion of river and ledge = spartacus ~ day 255 he stop short as he discover what he 's be look for : reverse angle ~ toward river - varinia - day 256 in @ quiet backwater , protect by tree , she have take off she clothes , and be bathing , neckedeep in the cool water . she have no idea he be near . she start to come out onte the bank . close on spartacus = watching varinia below 257 257 - 8 omitted through | 259 *: reverse angle - varinia beside river - from spartacus ! 266 potnt of view - day when we last see she she be emerge from the water , now she be seat on a log , back to camera , lazily allow the current ' to wash against she leg . a rock strike nearby . she turn i ) she head quickly , scan the area . she see nothing . perhaps pr the sound of the rock be imagination . everything be motion - less , she turn back to the water again . mte ny 261 262 262-a '' mo , close - spartacus # 1888 - change 7/6/59 103 close on spartacus . 261 silently laugh , he toss another stone . long shot - reverse on varinia - prom spartacus ' point 262 witw > dae : coe . this time the rock hit within inch of she , spatter sand onto she body , and slice off into the water before she . without even a backward glance varinia instantly throw herself behind the protection of overhange foliage , from which she head and shoulder cautiously emerge as she peer about for the aggressor , 262-a he leugh out loud , move from he conceal position , start serambling down the hill , produce a miniature avalanche in he haste . } 262=¢ # 1888 - change 6/26/59 104 wed . close varinia - head and shoulder = above foliage 262-8 her eye widen with outrage . varinia ( indignantly ) spartacus ! instantly she disappear behind the foliage , reappear with large towel or sheet throw over they , wide angle ~ spartacus and varinia - day 262 ~ '' ; as spartacus complete he tumultuous descent , cross a small interval of level ground , halt perhaps ten foot from where she atill hide in the bush . g varinia you scared maj : spartacus that 's what happen when people mun around without any clothes on , _ varinia ( sputtering ) I be not run around , I be i bathing , : i spartacus : same thing . come here . varinia no , I will not . I want to get dress . spartacus ( shrug ) then get dress , varinia ( on she dignity ) not till you go away . spartacus _ ( start toward she ) I will come and get you . | ' varinia do not you dare ! he continue steadily , she edge to on side , she slink around the other side of the foliage . now it be reveal she continued '' bm 262-c 262-d 262-e # 1888 - change 6/26/59 105 continued : . . 262-0 be completely swathed in the towel which she hoid tightly clutch at the throat with one hand , below with the other , she ts try to evade he advance ( which be teasingly deliberate ) and at the seme time to cut across to wher she have laid she clothes . varinia ( as she manceuvre ) spartacus ! I will hit you ! you stay away from I ! with a laugh and a rush he be on she , she shriek as he swing she into he arm , struggle as he lift she clear off she foot , . varinia stop it now ! you just stop it ! I hate be pick up ! spartacus ! close on spartacus - varinia - day 262-d she be struggle furiously in he arm , and he be laugh . varinia I really will hurt youl she begin furiously to beat a tattoo against he chest with she double fist . he gather she closer and kiss she . she be still off the ground , she try to avoid the kiss , but ea not , when it be finish she 1s a little breathless , varinia you should be more careful of I } you should not be so rough ! spartacus ( burrow in for enother kiss} why ? varinia nevade this second kiss ) because I be pregnant , that 's why ! I be go to have a baby ! wow let I down ! another angle - spartacus - 262-5 for a moment he simply stare at hor , unable to speak , unable even to think , then , very slowly , as if she be unbelisyably continued bm 262-5 # 1888 ~ change 6/26/59 lue continued os 262 - 5 fragile , he set she onto the ground , spartacus ( awed , apologetic voice ) oh , I be sorry , varinia , you should <-- you should tell people . a thing like that , do I hurt you ? varinia be pleased with the cow look sha have preduce in place of he insolent , confident laughter . she decide to forgive he . but slowly . varinia welle - -a little bit , you probably bruise I , but I do not think it be enough to hurt the baby . v- —=y , spartacus ( shake ) well I --- I spre hope not , varinia ( still teasing he } why do not you --- kiss I , or some - thing ? this be the first time I - -- I be ever go to have a beby . spartacus ( huskily , nodd placatingly ) sure . he approach she eas carefully as if she would crumble at touch . delicately one hand touch each of she shculder . gently he brushes he lip against she 's . then he release she , she still stand , clutching she sheet about she , this kiss wae simply disgusting . she be alarmed lest its sort characterize she entire pregnency . she glance at he poncho - ~- she glance direct he attention to it —* , : pie ~e yl varinia ( uy roe : aia % I in , e lp ee ) . pe he look down at he poncho , then st she , he smile , lift the poncho high , drape it over she so that its throatline encircle beth they threat , and they ar@ both protect by the comaion zarment . varinia ( look up into he face soberly ) you do not kiss hard enough , spartacus , continued ! bm 262-e 263 263-4 263-b 263-c 264 # 1888 - change 6/26/59 . 106-4 continued ' 262-5 varinia ( cont would ) {almost with fear ) iwo not break , I be the same as TI always be . , = < ) ( she lip at he ) 7 kiss mo like this --- he gladly surrender to she wish . ? dissolve T ext , countryside '' full shot ~ vanguard of the slave army ~ 263 Day dt x o™ ~ spartacus and he leader , mount , ride from the montage toward the camera , pennon fly , vanguard of a yictorious . ee army . another angle ~ baggage wagon 263 -4 pass by camera , load with supplies , arm ; load elso with woman , and particularly with child , camera truck with : wagon ~ favoring varinia : 263-53 she be among the woman and child riding atop the cargo , she be visibly pregnant . spartaous and leader : 263-0 . faint o.8 . shout , cry , they slacken they pace , shade they eye against the sunlight , look off to : reverse angle - the highway before they ~ a rabble of escaped 26 ) slave '' from spartacus ! point of view a thin , sersggly line of man and woman of all age , snd of Children , they have catch sight of the advance slave army ; andjare run toward it , almost dance toward it , wave they arm , call out they delight . there voice {from a considerable distance ) . spartacus ! '' spartacus ! spartacus ! - : — 106 - B i ) gl # 21988 - change 7/27/59 taru | i loé -n {| . ae lk ; 26 continued 264 J nothing but that one magic word , rise and die away as the | | wind shift , and the slave sweep forward . superimposed over : scene : . - metapontum dissolve to 264-a long shot ~ day - a cove by the harbor of brundusium 2 bhewa { the sea be fill with pirate ship anchore a few hundred yard from the shore . there be approximately four hundred ship in sight . ( matte shot ) on the beach , a group of cilesian pirate may be see in various activity , which include the launching of two or three long -boat . into the shot ride antoninus . he stop for a. moment , take in the sight of the ship ; then gallop down toward the group of rirate . dissolve to js # 1988 - change i ) 265 int , poyer - pv bath .- day - julius caesar he wear a uniform we have see only once before -- when a similar one be wear by varinina glabrus . it be the untform or the comma. on of fome , preminently disr the insigi ie enclosure , teading to the main area of the bath beyond . be a bustle of arrivai and departure . caesar , nodd lett and right to occasional greeting , pass through the colonnade I beyond , into : 266 int . the apodyteria ~ ( dressing room ) ~ day - full shot 266 the room 1s fill with patron and slave . caesar pass toa the nearest bench , sit dow . instantly a slave appear , begin to relieve nim of he boot , other in the scene be in vérious ) stage of be undress , or be dress again . they nudity be swathed in fine white towel . there be a buzz of conver ation , for the bath be like a man 's club , where politics , business and gossip dominate . a dignify man in he middle year in - stantly aprreach .. be . so or three other join in , eager to hear what the commander of the Roman garrison may have the report . during the course of this scene , slave disrobe caesar , and drape he with sheet or towel . in scene : laelius symmacnus , a metallius . nag metallius ( with a certain urgency ? ) be there any report on metapontum ? caesar '' : ( nodd gravely } i heralds be cry the news now . we lose 19,000 dead . include commodius and all he offte pein ur oe the + audible murmur from the group stare at caesar with stunne , hopeless eye . metallius ( toneiess } cnn Dead ... / '' . polybius '' start blindly to turn away . metallius ( somewhat choke } with you permission . first Roman notea for the first time the other man 's odvicus distress . ' symmachus {gravely } aug -- you have estate continged # 1888 - change 3/16/59 continued metaliius turn slowly , draw to he full betas shake he head slowly . metallius only a son with commodius , ( short bow ) good day . he turn once more away from they , pass from scene . the other regard he departure gravely , sener ess : 's tastrus | a ( indignantly ) we take five year to train a legion , how can this slave train a army in seven month ? there 's something wrong . something very wrong . there should be a investigation . caesar . ( wryly ) ah , yes . by all mean a investigation . symmachus where be spartacus now ? caesar he 's reach the calabrian seaport of brundusium . crassus good day . they all turn to face crassus , who regards they with cool ami - ability . his slim , muscular torso be bare . a towel secure around he waist extend down somewhat below he knee , he pass into they midst like the aristocrat he 1s -- cool , courteous , aloof . while they mutter they respectful greeting , crassus give a slight bow , turn and take caesar 's arm . crassus ( a continuance of he previous speech ) I need a moment of the commander 's time . will you excuse we ? he assume the affirmation they instantly give . he and saesar move off together , crassus ! arm still on the young mar n's . mo , close trucking shot - with caesar and crassus 267 they cross the width of the apodyteria , through a archway . and into the tepidarium beyond , continued 268 # 1888 - change 3/16/59 109 continued 267 crassus {casually ) let 's have a stroll in the tepidar - ium . private conversation should always be conduct in the most public fashion . int . the tepidarium - day - full shot 268 this be broad , richly decorate marble gallery , decorate with mosaic and statuary , fully equinped with upholster marble bench , floor mat , small serve table , ete . through exit in all four direction one may go to the cold plunge , the warm plunge , the hot bath , or the steam and massage room , cluster - ed in group all through the expansive apartment be Roman dig - nitary in various stage of undress , attend by wine - bearer , masseur , etc . crassus and caesar enter the tepidarium together , move side by side into the central promenade . mo . close trucking shot - crassus and caesar 269 crassus , who he great reserve of personal charm , who can be as warm in he relation with other as he can be chill and aloof , choose at this moment to turn he better side to the young man . * crassus I be tell you have take a house in the fourth ward . caesar ( wryly ) not too pleasant a house , either . crassus and feast 11000 plebian in the field of Mars . caesar it be scarcely a feast , crassus for two hundred year you family and mine have be of the equestrian order 1 and the patrician party -- servant ' and ruler of Rome . why have you leave we for @ gracchus and the mob ? caesar I have leave no one . and leass of ail Rome . this much I have learn from @ gracchus : Rome be the mob . continued ' mag # 1888 - change 3/24/59 110 269 continued 269 crassus ( quietly ) no , Rome be a eternal think in the mind of God . caesar ( startle glance ) I do not know you have grow religious . crassus it doee not matter , if there be no god at ali I would revere they , if there be no Rome , I would dream of she , as I go you to do . ( simply ) tt want you to come back to you own kind . I beg you to . caesar be it I you want , or the garrison ? crassus both , caesar gracchus be my friend . I '11 not betray hin . ' crassus which 1s worse - ~ to betray 's friend , or to oetray Home ? caesar I face no such choice . t i { ih t i i crassus you will . sooner than you think . ! ( impatiently ) tell I frankly --- if you be I , t would you take the field against spartacus ? caesar of course . 1 i . crassus but why ? caesar ) to save Rome . : crassus ah , caesar --. tut which Rome ? continued | { mag 269 2 a # 1888 - change 3/24/59 110-4 continued = 2 269 crassus ( cont would ) theirs --= or mine ? {here lie he heart ) in we father ! time the value of Rome blaze like comet - fire through the darkness of a barbarian world . the poorest Roman citizen stand equal in dignity to any king . now , we cherish drunkenness above philos - ophy =- gluttony above perception «- rich above honor . gracchus ' voice {o.8. , heartily ) good afternoon , crassus ! I have be look for you all day . crassus ( under breath ) you new master . they turn , move toward : another angle - gracchus and group - caesar and crassus e70 entering G gracchus lie on he back on a low bench , he head propped by pillow , he middle - part cover with a snowy white sheet . continued figst ) - thaqge w153 1 li soutinted arg baside 912 be a tomy vlth wine and arape , he mas e gigga in ria raad . he lewia cody and cheaeefot , cesqagye ae ? tae es acolve before oie . CRA sss tou acwld fade ester care of pour - ael ?. you be grow stawt . cracchus wau 'pa ling if chia la ena firm oire foutve ! notive 2 . s2t down , be boe mine . crass0e €n8 ceegar seat shéemselea . cogser , gitetng in on a bathe between sibeno , conteato nimg@lf with [ igtane , 13 dark , intellipent eye fellow every calm 's and cownterstheust of rhea axchange - ' oracchos : Tho @eonte !s ssaen in agaqion al ] day over thig buningsa of spertacud . we have get sight leglene ready the mapch aghinat hin , and ono one to lead than . crassos tapblorabla . oractais wretd have thbueht tight or nkne dereata ina tow would spoil the bhe healt af a5 mony zangpela ? ) 6 tne minute you of per eee comer thay stthpr wwehyeert like wind mule . cras sts T 'ya go puck epidnele relore , oraccate teer ! 's vote heal tht craisis bxeellant , which mean . T presun , enat @he denate noe offer cosma of eha legion fa I . warccad too Te see akpett it . crassus cthoughtfakiy | apture.iy . but kare you think what oy service : pay 2 pet . oraschos wa bar mare etl elae thee dasa , there 's de teagan we aheuld a't be ehepgad for $ abrictisn . anak 'a you feat sato 5 ae lra pm i Sin =~ # 1888 ~ charge 3/17/59 1i2 continued ~ 2 270 crassus be utterly untouched by the insult , give no reaction to it . crassus my election as consul , command of all italian legion , and abolition of senatorial authority over the court . gracchus cast a keen glance at caesar , almost a triumphant one ; then peer across to crassus . he chuckle . gracchus dictatorship . crassus order . ( he rise ) let I know if the term be accept - able . gracchus I can tell you now , they be une acceptable . '' = crassus for the present . Times change , gen - erally for the worse . and sce do the Senate . on that day I shall be ( x ) ready . ( bow to caesar ) convey my respects to you wife . ( x ) I caesar / she will receive they with pleasure . crassus exit . both man stare after he , gracehus with a eertain shrewd amusement , caesar frown heavily . caesar ( thoughtfully ) he 's right , you know . unless some - thing 's do about spartacus , the Senate will change . and so will the people . gracchus ' then crassus will move . in and save Rome from the slave army by assume { dictatorship . but that , like every - ~ thing else , depend on which way spartacus jump . right now he 's try to get out of Italy . if he i succeed , she crisia be over , and 1 crassus may stay in revirement in - definitely . } but if he do not _ continued my # 1888 ~ change 6/26/59 123 270 continued - 3 . 270 gracchus ( cont would ) succeed , the situation leave he only one further choice . he have to take the terrible gamble of march on Rome herself . caesar give crassus he chance . gracchus . well -- to deny he that chance , I have . : arrange for spartacus to escape . | b . caesar '' ( startle ) how ? ~ . . . gragchus , I make a little deal with the silician pirate , I have assure then privately that we will not interfere if they tran - . port spartacus and he slave ont of '' Italy . for a long moment caesar stare at he in shocked silence . ' gracchus watch the reaction with wry amusement , caesar {involuntary revul - sion ) so now wa hegin to deal with pirate , we vargein with criminal . gracghus . no need to get stiff - neck about it . Politics be a practical profession . if a crininal 's get what you want , you do business with he . ve — a , 4 dissolve to 271 briep marching montage . 271 merely to establish tr bocca movement of the slave army . pe ce dissolve 10 271-a vanguard - spartacus , crixus , david , dionysius , other - , 271 -4 day ~ riding into camera 2 excitement . crixus turn in he saddle , shout the that behind . continued ee eva e7t1-4 271-8 eric 271-d # 1888 = change 7/27/59 = 1 continued . 271 - a crixus the seal the sea ! the cry be take up instantly , welling louder and louder . the adveice guerd flow past they lesder and camera . reverse angle - from atop of hill down to sea - day ~ 271-b leader ' pov the sea , sparkling white and blue in brilliant sunshine , lap a narrow beach at the base of the hill . 0.5 . shout sa ! fhe sea ! the 3 the sea ! from beach to top of hill ~ day - full wide angle 271-0 spertacus and nis leader , mount , be silhouett against ' the top of the hill . the advance group , leugh and shouting , pour down the soft breast of the hill , spilling across the narrow beech , rush waeist - deep into the Sea which be ths road to freedom , the road tohome for they sll . spertecus and he leader remain at the top of the hill , observe and share the wild emotion of the moment . Zverything 1s in tumult , everything in action ; man embrace seach other in they joy . mo , full so ? - leader at top of bill 271 - D they ere geze at the scene end at the surround country - side with the thoughtfulness of man whose peepee Pete do not permit a moment of relaxation . dionysius ( point ing ) brunduaium 's in that direction ? " spartacus ( looki off , nodd about twelve mile . the garrison have run ewey , and we contrel all the back country . crixus q in two week we will all be eboard ship ! continued ( x ) ) gl I 271-d continued spartacus # 1888 - change 7/27/59 dionysius I would like to see crassus ' face when he get the news we be here 7 david he have not even reacn luceria yet . we be a-full month ahead of himé nod with satisfaction , turn to @ subordinate . spartacus take word to the rear . teli all unit we camp by the sea tonight . continued ze 272-8 # 1888 - change 7/13/59 115 continued 271-d ! the messenger ride out of scene . dissolve to central area — slave encampment - on the beach - evening - 272 wide angle amidst the tent end campfire , the slave , for the first time bince they great adventure begin , be ine state of complete security , oxhilaretion end relaxation . they have reach tne sea , accomplish the impossible , and soon they will take ship far homeland end freedom . there be no sense of organization to the general rejoice ; everything be spontaneous , everything be ' different . here end there man and woman , or boy end girl , may be see strolling , arm in erm , or lie before campfire in seach other 's arm . younger cnild scamper about at they game , they shout and laughter indulge by they elder . here a father lie on he back , hold ea year - old infant high in he erm , laugh at the enild 's entice . some be feast , some ere drink . in b.g. a figure riding on horseback can be see approach . camera follows figure as it ridea toward command tent , eas int , spartacus ! tent - night 272 - a twenty leader ere present along with varinie end certain of the woman . wine be be pass , be the atmosphere be one of joviality and relexation . from outside come the jubilant sound of the slave community rejoice . camera pan around tent and pick up the follow group aé lib . i { '' °° - &$ D gib | my village be in thessaly . I will - open up ea blacksmith 's forge , and get rich . '' you can get to bythinia from the aea , can not you ? you can get anywhere by seal ihad a wife , she be young and round as a peech . wow I may see she again . . and she will be old and shrivel as a fig . aferm . that 's all I want . just a piece of land . end a few gost . I do not care how big it be , just so it 's mine . cont inued } ha # 1888 - change 7/13/59 ! of : '' ) 272-a continued pe i , one man ( scoffingly ) you kill sixtesn Roman ! how ? second man he talk they to death ! 4 leader ( he have a powl of stew ) why be 1t that every time I eat stew I think of marcellus ? second leader {in chuckle agreement ) we fix hin up with everything but salt and pepper i third if we coule only have get batiatus in the other pot ! : awc ther ( pensively ) you kmow who I wish cowld have be here today ? resfondent who ? first one ( quietly ) y draba . - : grixus wait till you ses cypress stand up out of the sea ail cover with : vineyard . best wine in the world ! : david for wine you have to go to acquitania . sweetest grape on earth . another leader - sweet grape make the worst winee come to lybia if you want winef con tiitvue eve 272-a # 1888 - change 7/13/59 continued = 2 diontstus the best wine come [ run Greece , and always have . everybody know that . even the romen . ad lib no , no , the best wine come from dalmetia . 2 geul ? . xw xn . numidia ! ee ss sa mevretania : > << pennomia : - " ng Bas a syrial : '' s} a nee oe spartacus '' ee lo ps ( leugn , sho '' ty - over ths m : you be all be the best wine wt be a ek eome from . home , wherever it be ! ntoninus enter . there be a general uproar of greeting , — — . ad lib antoninus ! sit down ! have e drink ! he look - like he would come from a funerel . come over hers , antoninus , see if you : cen pley that trick with my egg . spartacus well , antoninus -- how many ship have we get ? ' antoniaus we heve no ship . there be a moment of near silence while they gaze at he per - plexedly , inereduicusly . then one or two burst into uneasy laugh . but crixus be not lsugh ; he 5006 up to antoninus , grasp he shoulaer -- hard . i crixus Ali right . let 's ges the joke ever with . how many ship be wait fer we et brundus iun ? antoninus Pompey 1s laming as brundusium in a few jay : with the amy cr Spain , the pirate tovk they ship back to ciliste . continued '' ) up 273 # 1888 ~ change 7/13/59 . ' 272~a continued - 2 at there 1s a long moment of thunderstruck silence , full shot the oe j 7 cre 3 i then we!te_ : march for the length ee 4 } for ed sy of Italy for nbtt mis pie dionysius i ( to crixus ) what would you have have ug do ? wale stand still at vesuvius ? another leader let 's ' putida cur own ship ! dionysius do you think the reman will sit back and wait ? we can beat Pompey , let 's take he ship . = the group 273 david : we could not sail the ship if we L take they . for that we would need 4 sailor . : antonings and we might not beat Pompey . there 's no point in fight a battle : we can not gain anything from . another leader what else can we do ? spartacus ( with decision ) since they will not let we escape from Italy - there 's only one thing we can do . crixus mareh om Rome ! spartacus ( faint smile ) yes , crixus - Rome , dionysius where 's grassus and he arny ? ' spartacus I : a ( indicate on map ) i : march seuth , as secon as he vi land Pompey will march north , continued | mag 273 # 1888 - change 7/13/59 continued david we will he catch hetween they . spartacus if we turn north and smash crassus before Pompey catch up to we fron the rear , Rome be ours . and we will end this war the only way it ever could have end «| by freeing every slave in Italy . crixus when do we march ? spartacus tonight . there be a moment of silence . david ( gesture toward the outside sound of jubilation ) listen to they out there , what will we tell they ? spartacus tell they we have smashed nine Roman army in a row , there 's no reason why we can not smash the tenth . just tell they the truth , explain to they we have not any other choice . one by one they all file out , spartacus and varinia be leave alone . sound of jubilation continue from o.s . for a moment they gaze across at each other in silence . ' spartacus it will be hard on you s+ travel and the baby so near . varinia this child of.our 1s use to travel - ling . spartacus no pain yet ? varinia no . he 's a bad child , though ... he double up he fist and hit I . tf can feel he do iv . continued erred # 1888 ~ change 7/15/59 120 continued - 2 273 spartacus he want to see he mother . can you blame he ? . varinia ( firmly ) he can wait . I will not let he out till we get to Rome . the sound of jubilation outside be fainting away , as news about the ship spread # mong the community . varinia come to a sit position . varinia . they have never beat we yet . spartacus no , but something 's happen to we , varinia , no matter how many time we beat they -- still they will have anotle be army to send ageinst we . and another . they be too meny , and we be too few . and sosee next month or next year ... it end . varinia if it end tomorrow it be worth it . . spartacus if they all die ? I give the order , varinia ! I be the one who bring they hereJ how can I be sure I be right ? varinia you have to go to the very end . all of we have to . we want tos spartacus I feel so lonely . her eye widen . a lcok of infinite pity come to ner face . with both arm she draw he head downward to she breast , a if he be a chile , and sha he comforter . after nis brief dnatant of surrender to the warmth of she sympathy and love , he jerk he head away from she embrace . continued gl # 1888 '' change 7/15/59 1a 273 continued - 3 . 273 spartacus : do not make I weak{ | varinia you be strong enough to be weake ; spartacus varinia -- I love you more than my life -- but , if anything should happen to I -- and if you and the baby stay alive -~ tell he the truth about what we do . there will be plenty of other to tell he lie . t be t varinia t'11 tell he the truth . always and always I will tell it to he but spartacus -=- I do not want to satay alive without you . if I have to =-- part of I will be dead , spartacus and part of I will be alive . stay i , alive for I , varinial i ' a dissolve to 's 273 -a '' a : through B omitted ane 274 ext , senate build - day - full shot 2h the step be crowded with pale , silent , fearful citizen , all stare upward toward the ominously lock door of the senate . 275 full shot - tee dcor and there facing platform 275 Soldiers be 'line to keep the pack of citizen off the platform . four guard at attention stand in front of the door . there be a sudden stir as , very slowly , each in its own turn , the door swing inward , revealing darkness beyond in contrast to the dazzle of the outside sunshine reflect against white marble . a murmur arise from the crowd , then & Herald of the Senate apphar . trumpets on he either side call for silence -~ and receive it instantly . # 1888 - change 7/15/59 mo . close shot ~ on senate herald trumpet cease . herald ocall it out ) by order of the Senate : be it know that we have this day elect Marcus licinius crassus firat consul of the Republic and cormander=in- Chief of the army of rommel | tremendous roar go up as hereld bow , vanish into the dark oblong of the doorway . 276 ee mag cc 27 eee 278 279 280 through 283 # 1888 ~ change 3/27/59 123 full shot - senate door and top platform 277 trumpeter line up splendidly on both side of the door and across the platform . as they deliver they first blast , crassus appear in the doorway , surround by a honor guard of senator , amongst whom may be see gracchus and caesar . pandemonium from the 0.8. crowd . crassus pause , look ealmly over the crowd , lift he hand . another angle ~ crassus and crowd 278 the instant he hand 1s lift , the crowd stand silent . he speak calmly amidst the profound stiilness . crassus I promise you a new Rome , a new Italy , a new empire , I promise the destruction of the slave army and the restoration of order throughout we territory . I promise the live body of spartacus for such punishment as you deem fit . that =-- or he heed . this I vow by the bonea of 2il my forefather . this I have swear in the temple of my father . he incline he head slightly , indicate termination of he address , a tremendous ovation ensure . crassus cross the platform , and , behind a wedge of guard , start to penetrate the dense mass of citizenry that crowd the step , another angle = twoard crassus - in crowd 279 despite the sturdy effort of he soldier - wedge , he 18 jostle by the press throng which celebrate he ascension to power . the crowd hail , crassus ! great crassus ! pavorite of the god ! Long live crassus ! all power to crassus ! hail ! hail ! hail ! dissolve to 280 omitted : { X ) through 283 mag — ~ 284 be # 1888 - change 3/27/59 int . gracchus ' house - mo . close shot ~ caesar and caesar we have give crassus everything he ask for , gracchus except victory over the slave . that he must arrange for himself . this spartacus have a@ certain talent when it come to handle a army . caesar { the true patrician ) he 's a slave and he think like a slave . he 's win with number , not talent , gracchus cast at . he a glance of veile contempt . gracchus call it luck . he 's develop such a@ bad habit of win that crassus may not be able to cure he of it . caesar ( grimly ) then we will be fight slave in the street of Rome . graccehus not at all . if spartacus win I will ask the senate to emancipate he entire army . caesar ~ a ( instantly ) the senate will never treat with slave ! gracchus if the slave win , the senate may have to . once emancipate they will not be slave anyhow , they will be free man , 4 caesar and finally -- citizen , I presume ? continued 124 28. — — — _ — — — -— } mag 284 285 286 287 # 1888 - change 4/29/59 : 125 continued omitted int , crassus ' tent : 286 omitted 284 gracchus yes . one can presume that . spartacus have the best army on earth , I would much rather it fight for the Republic than against she . - caesar : ( quietly ) i you want this slave to win . gracchus i I want the Republic to survive . h in my opinion it can not survive if i crassus come to power , you be still { young . later on you will learn to - i accept the truth even when it 's | ugly -- and it generally be . 4 dissolve to crassus have , as I hope , strike 4 note of caution in you heart , I ask you now to return to you command . } t { officer i allow we to pledge you the most | glorious triumph of you career . é | i crassus - I be not after glory , I be after spartacus . and gentleman «--- TI mean to have he . however , the object of this campaign be not : alone to kill spartacus -~- it be for to kill the legend of spartacus p as well . New battle order will : reach you within the hour , only now and only if we make no mistake -- do I look forward to this battle with a certain confidence . ( bow ) you ' may go , 's gentleman . 289 # 1886 ~ change 4/30/59 . 126 mo , close shot on crassus 288 he observe they departure for a instant , ' then he resume he seat , and begin at once to run through he map and or - der , orderly voice the lanista , you excellency ? crassus admit he . another angle . crassus at table - orderly at entrance 289 batiatus enter . ( x ) a swift spasm of disgust pass across crassus ' face . crassus lean back in he chair , touch the fingertip of he two hand , and stare thoughtfully ahead as batiatus enter , the lanista be travel - wear and shabby , but fill , as always with the urgent joy of selfw{abasement , he move swiftly toward crassus , bob and bowl like a cork 's on troubled water , batiatus most bless excellency ! the moment the message arrive I cast aside the most urgent personal matter and hasten into you distinguished presence . crassus ( study he coldly ) I be glad you could find the time . sit down . crassus smile , nod he head ruefully . batiatus ( seating himself ) how gracious ! crassus I wish you to give I a physical description of spartacus . batiatus ( startle ) spartacus ? you see he in the ring the day you visit my school with that charming lady . I trust they be in gocd health . hey select he to fight against draba the negro . continued 127 - mag # 1888 - change 4/30/59 : through , 129 289 continued . 289 | . ( xx ) i crassus I remember the negro . batiatus who have cause to , if I may say so , you holiness . a brilliant dagger stroke from a most difficult angle . crassus and yet , I can not visualize spartacus . how many , many time that must have happen before in history . the man and the moment =. both at hand -- and no one with the wit to see it . what do spartacus look like ? batiatus be that a matter of some importance to you blessecness ? crassus it 1s a matter of importance to every man who love Rome and wish to set she strong . batiatus we be both patriot , you honor , even if you be a great one and I , most modest in size . we both believe in Roman fair play . since you wish something from I , I would be untrue to my conviction if I do not admit that I want something from you . crassus ( dryly ) name it . batiatus if «— when -- you win the battle to - morrow such slave as survive will no doubt be auction off to pay for the expense of this heroic expedition . - could not the agent for they sale , be he who share this tiny moment of history with you holiness ? crassus I appoint you agent for the sale of all survivor . in return you will remain here until after the battle , and aid I in identify spartacus . continued mag # 1888 - change 4/30/59 130 289 continued + 2 289 batiatus ( x ) ( with quick alarm ) after the battle ? ( as crassus nod ) what if the unexpected occur ? crassus have no fear on that account , batiatus ( hastily ) none , none . none at all , in fact . still I feel bound to remind you honor that I be a civilian . more a civilian than most civilian . I eould take a room in a neighbor village -. crassus ( sternly ) sit downl you remain with we until we have spartacus . batiatus it 's inhuman , you excellency . you all be ask I to have no faith in my own training method . I ama theorist , sir , not a practical man of war , I like to see history unravel from afar -- you get @ far more objective view - point . . crassus tomorrow you will pass through the battlefield and identify spartacus for I . batiatus I see . but my dear , all.wconquering Marcus licinius crassus == what if it be spartacus who pass through the battlefield search for you ? crassus {a smile ) in such circumstance , I have no doubt you will be help he . ( call out ) Guard appear instantly . ) continued # 1688 - change 7/28/59 131 continued - 3 / 289 crassus this fellow stay with we till the battle be over , take he away . guard yes , sir . the Guard put he hand on batiatus ' arm . batiatus ' lip tremble , he set up a soft blubber . batiatus be lift from he chair , and with the guard fierce grip on he biceps , be start out of the room . batiatus : ( as he go ) pray for we , you worship ! put ms not you faith in strategy but in . prayer -- not just to Mars , but venus , Jupiter , vulcan , the lot . Risk offend none of they . _ he be thrust by he guard through the doorway , abruptly termin~ ating he lamentation . dissolve to note - 7/28/59 be | 141 | 4 hote | — ee | 290 - through omitted 318 " these page and scene will be replaced with the battle sequence which be forth . coming . gl 319 320 321 # 1888 - change 4/28/59 12 full wide angle shot - the battlefield 319 utter silence . a nightmare landscapsof dead animal , dead man , dead woman , thousand upon thousand of they , extend as far as the eye can see in this dim light -- the field of death , silent , lose , breathless . although historian differ on the number of slave and Roman dead at the Battle of the silarus River , it seem clear that between fifty and a hundred thousand lay on the battlefield . it be a field of death , ex ~ tend as far as the cameras eye can penetrate . amidst the awesome litter of war we observe smashed baggage - wagon , tatter remnant of tent , shattered arm and snielid . the arm and ieg of dead horse , male , man , woman , child , convulsively up - thrust like column of cacti against the low horizon , impart a grotesque sense of unreality . it seem that no breathe thing can possibly exist in this land of death , nor hear amidst this silence . abandon by the world , lose and forever forget , freeze in the position at which death find they , the vanquish have at last achieve they dream of freedom and of peace . in the immediate foreground a slave soldier sit erect , he head bow forward as if in prayer . the shifting balance inside he congeal body cause he abruptly to topple over sidewise with a shocking thump . at this moment we camera begin to truck forward . we see the body of David the Jew , transfix by a. spear through he chest . camera move faster -- then more and more ewiftly , give we the impression of pass upstream through a swift - flow river of corpse . SOUND of a group walk o.s. camera pause , seem almost to listen , then swiftly swivel to : crassus and staff officer - inspecting the battlefield - 320 long shot . . .. they move through the dead , talk softly amongst themselves . mo . trucking shot + favoring crassus 321 his face be expressionless , utterly contemptuous , as he regards the endless panorama of death . this be , after all , a profese sional matter , a clinical matter . de 1s scientific cally inter= est . while he inspect , he attend to other detail of he profession . crassus have a estimate be make of the dead ? continued -. 322 323 # 1888 - change 4/28/59 1u3 continued 321 officer over sixty thousand . it may reach seventy . the great victory of you career . crassus uni. they have now enter a area which contain many body of woman . crassus look at they . — , crassus woman ..... animal . camera continue trucking briefly with he . we may , at this point , observe in beg ( but not identify ) batiatus , back to camera and under guard , bend over corpse in he task of identification . crassus suddenly come up short as he shocked eye behold mo . close shot - body of slave boy and slave girl 322 this be the couple whose first night of love we see in the slave encampment after the break - out ; whom we see marry last night . they be now in the same position against the earth in which we see they in the slave encampment . they have both be skewer by the same pllum . they position against the earth 's bed in noy one to suggest a embrace consciously achieve , the posture of they body doss suggest , however , the desire of each to shield the other trom harm . ' the boy 's face be eternally freeze in a grimace of exertion and natre . the girlis white face , glow in the morning sun , suggest a different emotion . her forehead be knotted in a frown , as if the sharp pain of death have surprised she ; yet upon she lip there still linger the memory of a smile , as if she have know happiness in life and still remember it . close on crassus 323 stare down at the dead lover , in b.g. we see officer exchange puzzle glance . they perceive nothing extraordinary in the sight that compel they general 's most painful attention . crassus , however , sense in this dead couple a menace , a power , a threat , that suddenly meke he victory taste like ash . crassus ( auistiy ) horrible . continuzd # 1888 - change 5/4/59 isu 323 crassus ( cont would ) {to officer ) I have never see a sight like this on a battlefield . ( glance at body again ) it 's rather -~- remarkable . ( to officer ) observe they well and remember they , if this can be call love , and if it be permit to thrive among slave , I can think of nothing more dangerous to the state . ( pause -- then , impatiently ) nothing about this battle please I ! ( start out again , pause , turn to they ) how many prisoner be take ? officer ( x} between two and three thousand thus far . we be still bring they in . they be in quite bad condition . : crassus ( X ) they condition do not matter , TI be go to crycify they anyhow , officer all of then , sir ? crassus all of they . I be go to make certain nothing like this -- ( indicate whole battlefield ) -- ever again mar the history of Rome . officer ( x} yes , sir . continued 323 # 1888 - change 4/30/59 continued - 2 batiatus , who have hear in b.g. the sentence of erucifixion , now rush up to crassus , follow by he guard . batiatus ( agitatedly ) . you excellency ! forgive I for be one of the last to congratulate you . do I hear you say you be go to erucify you prisoner ? crassus ( to guard ; ignore he ) where be this hero last night ? guard hiding in a wine barrel , wear the skirt of a camp - follower , . batiatus ( tooth chatter ) a most unfortunate lapse , you serenity , bring on by 4 nervous affliction that 's make my life miserable since childhood ! crassus what affliction ? batiatus why --~c-c-cowardice . you grace ! a -' - a certain tendency to ---- to avoid skin puncture ! ( urgently ) do I heer you say you be go to crucify you prisoner ? crassus you do . batiatus but last night you assure I I could be you agent in auction they off ! I have you word for it . crassus you promise I spartacus and have . not deliver he . I promise you ! the survivor and there will be no survivor , last night I do not know what I should encounter on this battlefield todey . now that I have see it , all private agreement must yielG before che stern necessity of the Roman State and people . conting : 145 323 ( xx ) 324 3 { k t 326 # 1868 - change 6/1/59 : 146 continued = 3 . 323 batiatus who be I to say this but the Roman State rest not only on the stern necessity of war , but on a fabric of sound business ethic . suddenly the wail of a infant disturb the morning air . the entire company freeze , look off , while a subaltern dart out amongst the corpse toward the SOUND . another angle - battlefield 324 ( x ) subaltern enter , precede crassus and other ; he look among the silent corpse . there be no evidence of life any - where . then , just as crassus , batiatus , etc . enter , cry come again . subaitern whirl toward it , peer suspiciously at the body of a woman lie face down upon the earth , bend toward she . subaltern ( to crassus ) over here , sir . play dead . crassus and he group come up , stare down at : mo . close shot - among 's the corfse ~- varinia and her baby 7x ) her position above the child , shelter he from all view with she body , indicate that in the course of try to escape , the approach of Roman have ceuse she to feign death . crassus ' voice . ; ( 0.8 , , to subaltern ) i turn she over . . . subaltern do so . now she 1s revealed to we as varinia , resigned , she begin to adjust she infant , preparatory to rise . batiatus ' voice ( as she face be reveal ) ig it 's varinia ! the woman who run i away with spartacus ! 1 close on crassus - staring down 326 | x ) | ( i i he , too , recognize she ; he gaze at she with the most pro - find interest . continued ' tiniitinti—ill rl , | mig # 1888 - change 6/1/59 lat ! { } 326 continued 326 '' oy ( x ) [ a crassus 4 yes , I remember . varinia have now rise ; she face he , hold she infant tight against she . her eye dart from face to face , as if ready to defend herseif against one or all of they . crassus { q do not be afraid of I , 's varinia itm not . crassus you be the woman of spartacus ? varinia I - be he wife . this be he son , crassus and where be spartacus ? a cold mask settles over she face . varinia < a Dead . * crassus . é ( calmy , quietly ) ' j : you be lie . it show in you 1 eye , tell I the truth . where . : be spartacus ? varinia Dead . 5 crassus do you see he kill ? | varinia . [ | {pause ) | . yes. ; crassus ' where ? there be a moment of silence . varinia tug the child closer to she breast . varinia look where she Homan dead be pile high . : i ) continued i a ! mp # 1886 - change 6/1/59 147 -4 | 326 '' continued - 2 306 ( x ) crassus turn from she instantly . crassus ( to officer ) i convey this woman and she child to | my house in Rome , officer yes , sir . ( take she erm ) | come along . crassus ' eye remain on she retreate figure for a long moment after she have leave the scene , then he turn to a ( x ) officer , : crassus how many female have we take ? officer : under forty . most of that that ; be not kill run away to the hill { with the child , ; batiatus May I recall we bargain to you enormity ? I be commission to sell all survivorg - -- and the woman and child have clearly survive . I have a market for then , : crassus you may sell the other woman , but not this one . batiatus ii it 's clear you beatitude hes not inquire into the quality of he female prisoner . I have , unfort - unetely . that thet do not buckle with age be so ugly you can not look at they without blink . no man could sell that collection of harpies ! crassus do with they what you will , the . ' woman and she ehild remain with I . he stride off , batiatus stumbling piteously after bim . dissolve to | | up 328-5 328-c # 1888 -~ change 6/1/59 148 omitted 327 . ( X ) ana 328 assembly point of prisoner - day - full shot 328- a the rag survivor of the slave army , disarm , many of they wounded , still daze by the fury of battle and the trauma of defeat , stand , or sit , or lie on the ground . they be chain to each other , Guards pass among they , in d.g , other small gang of exhaust prisoner be be round up , add to the main body . the attitude of all 1s one of dispair , defeat , anguish , numbness , another angle - low hill in 5.g. ~ crassus and mounted 328-3 officer they be at the crest of the hill , gaze down at the huddle remnant of the slave army , crassus turn to one of he officer , speak , the officer salute , turn he horse , canter down the hill toward the prisoner , another angle - prisoner ~ spartacus among they 328-c he be sit , stare at the ground between he knee , that e@round he be slave ~ soldier we have never see before , the anonymous rank and file who have , by accident , find they - selve among the prisoner , bugle sound , spartacus lift he grim face toward : | mag 328-d 328-e 328-f 328~4 328-h 328-1 's flash shot - antoninus among prisoner : 328-e : # 1888 - change 5/12/59 148-2 i another angle - in midst of frisoner - the mounted officer 328-d 4 a legionary have sounded the bugle for silence , the surround - ing prisoner look up dully at the splendidly uniform symbel of Roman power , officer I bring you a message from you master , Marcus licinius crassus , commander of Italy . the first man j among you who identify the gladi - it ator caly spartacus , whether dead fl or alive , will be grant uncondi - tional freedom . he look quickly from the mount officer to ; flash shot - spartacus among prisoner 328 . F a certain distance apart from antoninus . spartacus look at antoninus . mo . shot ~ the mounted officer 328 -' he gaze slowly around among the prisoner . his face harden a nothing but silence greet he offer . officer : well --- speak up ! freedom 's what i you fight for , be not 1 % ? show I spartacus and win iti slow pan shot - amongst prisoner : 32e8-h this be the g.i , joe of the slave army , the mauldin run- of - the-mill average . they stare at the officer with eye full of hatred . suddenly one of they , meaty ~ face and powerful , lack - ing en ear , blood cover one arm which dangle at he side , jump up , shout as if hurl a threat : j prisoner I be spartacus ! turn I loose ! rising murmur among slave army . flase shot - a youth among the prisoner 328-1 he leap to he foot , point the nis own chest . continued ' — — — — : 5 7 7 motel pos ee eer enn to mag # 1888 = change 5/12/59 328-i continued : 328-1 : # 2 prisoner he lie ! I be spartacus ! let I go free ! == #3 prisoner ( middle - age man ) this one 's a baby ! i'm spartacus ! 328.3 full shot ~ the slave prisoner 328-7 | | the infection of self - identification spread through the slave | rank like a prairie fire . they rise by twos and three and then by the score , each shout he own identification : '' : ; slave prisoner no , over here # -= I be spartacus ! it I --- I be spartacus ! j here 's spartacus right here ! look at the real spartacus ! i I be spartacus , set I free} j 328-k flash shot - antontnus . 328 ~ k i L t antoninus { here I be ! spartacus ! | g 328-1 flash shot - spartacus look at antoninus , other , he eye move almost wildly ' from face to face , unable for the moment , to comprehend the full significance of what they be do . : 328-m mo . shot ~ the officer 328 - m frozen in he saddle , he face suddenly draw and pale with rage , he kick hig horse , wheel , start at a gallop back ; toward the crest of the hill and the intent , watchful figure of crassus who await he there , 328~n full shot = prisoner 328-n now wildly yell , laugh , identify themselves or other , slap each other on the back , roaring they medley of iden - tification . . prisoner ) . what make you think you be spartacus ? a I be spartacus . continued no a rr '' mag # 1888 - change 5/12/59 : 1 ub -c | 328.n continued . 328- N ) b 1 " ( '' prisoner ( cont would ) t net - no -s= there 's spartacus over there ! | no , no , I see he kill i he 's just } over the hill ! you see somebody else ~~ I be spartacus ! so you be , so you be --- hail , ) spartacus ! | i : 328-0 group around spartacus . 328-0 | , j they have all join in , each point to himself , or to some - body else . spartacus remain sit , understanding it now , i daze by it , tear in he eye , tear of joy and a agony of joy on he face . prisoner beside he thump he liustily on ; the back . | i q | prisoner get up , spartacus ! you be spartacus , be not you ? spartacus look up at he , choke back the sob in he voice , nod as if aware of it for the first time . spartacus yes ! tg ( he rise ) 4 i I ~-- I be spartacus tool I be } spartacus T | egin to laugh ; with that around he ) I be spartecus ! 328-p crest of hill + crassus 328-7 : he look down at the prisoner whose shout now fill the air . 328.q reverse angle - slave prisoner 328-q shout , laugh , gesticulate . Officer of previous scene just reach crest of hill . j 328-r close on crassus 328-r | a shocked look in he face , tiffly he turn away from the . ) scene , ride out of camera as officer follow . ' i dissolve to | mag # 1888 ~ change 5/12/59 148.d | 329 ext . crassus ' headquarters - day ; 329 batiatus . a line of prisoner be in the scene , they be chain and manacle , bearded , they face cover with filth and bleod . among they , spartacus and antoninus . batiatus start violently as he recognize spartacus . spartacus , aware of the recognition , give he a terrible glare of warning and hatred . batiatus rush to crassus . present be crassus and he staff ; guard and other officer ; | batiatus : | ( rush up ) perhaps we could make a bargain , | you holiness . ( drop voice so spartacus can not . overhear if I identify spartacus , will you give I the woman and she child ? continued my # 1388 - change 5/1/59 329 continued batiatus be seize , carry off shriek . horse . crassus I be no longer interested in spartacus , I want he dead and forget , I want he name and he rebellion and he defeat and he death erase from the minis of man forever , batiatus ( insinuatingly ) be you that afraid of he great crassus ? crassus flog this scoundrel out of camp ! batiatus curse you , crassus ! May you belly be cover with boil ! grasus ( to centurion ) be you prisoner assemble and ready to march ? centurion yes , sir} crasus you will crucify they as you go , one man each five hundred foot , the full distance from here to the gate of Rome . centurion yes sir ! crassus spot antoninus . grassus ( to officer ) one noment . crassus mount he crassus cross to antoninus , stare at he with cold astonish - ment . continued jat . 329 330 through 354 # 1889 - change 5/4/59 ' bc through . 150 - '' continued 329 x crassus ( x ) I have a special punishment for runaway slave . ( to officer ) save this one for last . as crassus start to return to he staff officer , spartacus , beside antoninus , give be ugly laugh . crassus {without glance back ) -.- 8long with he friend . centurion yes sir ! ( to prisoner } March ! get along , there ! step out ! the prisoner start to shuffle off under command of the centurion and soldier , crassus glance at they briefly , casually , then wheel he horse and ride off , omitted 330 through 354 bn 355 356 # 1888 - change 6/1/59 151 through 156 omitted 355 dine terrace - night - full shot - crassus 356 a low marble table have be set with crystal silver and gold , pale linen , and serve plate heape with delicacy . candy float in a reflect pool , and from somewhere in the blue twilight of the garden beyond , a lute tinkles languor ~ ously , varinia enter . she stand tall as a princess , she face utterly compose , sub - mitting herself to he imspection . she wear a exquisitely flow emoroider cotton stola , catch up at the waist with a belt which be tie in front with a ornamental bow , the only decor on the stola be the gold braid that emphasize its perpendicular line , over she shoulder she wear a pale yellow shawl , which she now pull somewhat closely about she body , as if to spare it the glance of crassus , her face have be make up accord to Roman fashion of the time : base powder , cheek and lip rouge , black carbon shading beneath she eye , bead lesh , arched brow . she wear a golden tiara in she heir , glisten with ruby , sapphire earring set off she lobd , her wrist and ankle be circle by bracelet match the collar in design and stone , on the little finger of each hand a ring of cluster diamond have be place . her sandais be of gold . crassus , after a long inspection of she beauty , incline he head , crassus come here . she do , he touch the shawl . crassus . why do you hide you dress ? . ( x ) varinia remove shawl , toss it aside , crassus that 's better , the embroidery alone take two year of a woman 's life . you should respect the work of slave and wear it proudly . he take from the table a massive and magnificent necklace , place it around - she throat , stand back to admira the effect . continued - will mndg 3 56 # 1688 ~ change 6/1/59 157 continued 356 crassus . it once belong to a queen of persia . varinia it 's heavy . crassus in time it will turn light as a feather , ( indicate table } please sit down . obediently she sit . crassus take a plate , begin to poke amongst the delicacy . crassus have some squab in honey ? ( put itona pete ) you will enjoy it . and a bit of pineapple . ( place it before she ) and wine , of course . she remain perfectly passive while he serve the wine . crassus ( gently ) eat . obediently she take a bit of squab , pop it whole into she mouth , begin to masticste . crassus , serve himself , watch she with amusement and a certain frustration , crassus I do not command you to eat , I invite you , varinta continue eat . crassus do you find that the richness of you surroundings make conversation difficult ? varinia why be I here ? crassus a good question . I wish the answer could be as good , as honest . the infant ? it thrive ? tarinia . ( nodd ) he thrive . : continued i for t F ' i =. — : its 356 jc ) sy i = #a88e ~ change 6/1/59 continued - 2 crassus I purchase a wet -nurse for he to - day . do she milk agree with he ? varinia iosent she away . I suckle the child myself . crassus I be not sure I approve , it tie you to you old life , when you should be look forward to the new , varinia I do not care about my new life here , crassus but you would care if it come to that baby of yours ! you would care if it mean the life of that child ! varinia why do you threaten I with my baby ? I belong to you . my child belong to you . do you think that by threaten to kill my child , you make I love you ? crassus I do not threaten to kill you child , I be sorry , varinia .. ( pause ) one can not grieve forever , varinia ita not grieve , I be remember . - crassus . po I interfere with you memory ? varinia oh no , crassus ( wryly amused ) you tread the ridge between truth ada insult with the skill of a mountain goat . what do you remember about spartacus ? varinia think a moment . crassus you do not mind discuss he ? continued 158 356 bm # 1868 ~ chenge 6/1/59 159 356 continued - 3 : . 356 : varinia no. : crassus ( quietly ) what sort of man be he really ? varinia ( think ) he be a man who --~ who begin all alone like a animal . yet on the day he die thousand and thousand would gladiy have die in he place . crassus what be he ? be he a god ? varinia he be not a god . he wes a simple man , @ slave , I love he , ( x ) crassus ( violently ) he be a outlaw ! a murderer ! a enemy of everything fine and decent and good that Rome build . dam you , tell I why do you love he ? varinia I can not tell you - I can not tell you thing you can never understand , crassus do not you sae I want to understand --- I must understand , varinia , watch he , be puzzle for a moment . then she begin to discern the heart of the matter . a smile that be almost mockery come to she face . : : varinia ( surprise in she voice ) why you be afraid of he , be not you ?. that 's why you want he wife ! he of lo sdothe you fear by have some ~ a thing , he have , '' ( shake she head ) but when you be that afraid , nothing can help . nothing ... - he stiffen , turn , and exit swiftly from the room . varinia watch he , she eye wide with the surprise of she discovery ; with the reaiization of she and spartacus ! victory . dissolve to mis mag 356~ a through - 356 - B 356=6 # 1888 ~ change 5/29/59 omitted int , gracchus ' house ~ day . gracchus and batiatus a cold , suckling pig and wine and fruit have be bring for batiatus , who , weather . - stain and famish , as usual , address himself assiduously to he victual , respond to he patron 's conversation between bite . batiatus my back have more stripe than a zebra . every time I touch my - wound , they sing like lark , but I do not complain . I find what have always evade I before , with all my wealth . gracchus and what be that ? batiatus bo not laugh at I , but I believe it to be dignity . continued 160 through 162-3 356-a through 356-5 356-6 i 3 } é ( mag , # 16688 = change 3/26/59 356-c continued gracchus in Rome , dignity shorten life even more surely than disease . the god must be save you for some great enterprise . . 3 batiatus you think so ? anybody who think I will turn informer for nothing be a fool . I bore the whip without protest -- in silence , gracchus ( sighing ) yes indeed , it sound like a bad attack of dignity ! I hope , however , that this will not deflect you from the revenge you be go to take on crassus . batiatus not for a minute . it only strengthen my resolve . : gracchus I be glad to learn it . this woman varinia be in he house . all Rome know about it . malicious tongue even say that he be in love , for the first time in he life . batiatus I notice a strange light in he eye the first time he see she , gracchus it would take a great : woman to make crassus fall out of love with himself . batiatus she 's a impossible woman , gracchus beautiful ... batiatus ~ beautiful , yes . the more chain you put on she , the less like a slave she look . gracchus proud ... . continued 161-6 356-c a mag # 1888 ~ change 4/1/59 161-D 356-c continued - 2 356 -c '' batiatus proud , and yet every inch a woman . you feel she would yield only to the right man . qracchus ( smile conspiratorially ) I understand it all . crassus have to make war on a slave as though that slave be he equal . that be the first humiliation . then , when he win he battle , he fail to find spartacus , thanks to you . all he find be he wife , but she be still fight she husband 's war , and she be win it because she lie out - side crassus ' experience and she he must win away from spartacus , or face total defeat . he offer she all he have ... and she refuse , batiatus _ neye wide open ) yes ... gracchus I iike crasaus . let 's save he from he agony . let 's steal the woman , batiatus . steal she ? why ? gracchus I have no more power to hurt crassus in the Senate . , .. but I can hurt he : where he will feel it most , in he _ pride , , .attack we enemy from within . batiatus the scheme 1s excellent , but I hope you do not suggest that I carry it out . gracchus you bore the whip in silence . the whip be but a training for the sword . '' go thowever , it may never come to that if you be clever . buy some horse and a wagon with a canopy . take the woman to aquitania , the governor be one of my inumerable cousin , he.will help you and settle the girl in one of the free yillage . I have write you a senatorial pass which be vee in all the know world . continued pd mag 356 -' 356- D 356 - E 356 e- 1 # 1088 - change 5/13/59 i continued ~- 3 batiatus be it valid even in crassus ' court . yard ? gracchus add courage to you other new-found virtue . would half a million ses - terce make you brave ? batiatus half a million ! already crassus seem to dwindle in my mind . gracchus let we reduce he even further . a round million . batiatus with such a sum I could bribe Jupiter himself , gracchus for a lesser sum , I have . reverse angle - down corridor = a officer of the garrison with five men the officer bow , , gracchus ! voice well , gentleman ? another angle - gracchus and soldier officer you be under the protection of the garrison of Rome , gracchus , not at all surprised , look at he quizzically . gracceus ahl so soon ? dissolve to first slave MARCH scene -- night wagon precede the line of chain slave - prisoner , load with freshly - hewn cross . at point we pick wagon we see a freshly - dig hole . legionary pitch a cross onto the ground beside the hole , wagon pass on . 356- D 356 -5 ° 356 e- 1 ( x ) ub , mag . 356 e~2 356 e-3 356 balt 356 - F 356 - G # 18388 = change 5/13/59 close trucking shot '' night - line of MARCH ~ antoninus and spartact , they be merely in the scene with other , some of whom have to be help by they comrade , they hear SOUND of hammer . ; ing : look off to ; | | a cross = prisoner on it ~ night 356 - | E - legionary on scaffold just hammer nail in . merely ix | & flash of this , and from a distance . . i t i S | close trucking shot ~ another area of marching prisoner - 355 including the large man who first identified sfartacus - rf i night - plodd along , they hear a@ slave 's scream , SOUND of hammer - ing continue . dissolve to int . senate vestibule - night - lighted by two blazing 356-f brazier . half donen senator consulting each other in whisper , gracchus enter , they fall silent , turn avay . chus smile benevolently at they . caesar enter from the Senate . he move at once to gracchus , indicate with a movement of : he head to the officer in charge of he guard to-remain in | the vestibule , . : caesar nindicate door to Senate ; politely ) , after you . : x gracchus I ( shoot he a keen : glance ) ; thank you , caesar . he enter the Senate , follow by caesar . int , senate ~ night - full shot . 356-6 the chamber 1s a cavern of darkness , illuminate by two brazier cn elther side of the table . crassus , stand be - side the table , be be consult in hushed tcnes by laelius , metallius , symmachus , crassus hand a paper tec a courter , who salute , move brisitly toward the exit , two senator be huddle on the front bench , lean together , whisper , gracchus stand just inside the entrance from the vestibule , caesar directly behind he . gratchtis shall I assume -- my regular place ? continued ae mag # 1888 — change 3/39/59 ' '' 6086 j 356-g continued ; : 356=6 all look up at the sound of he voice . caesar of course , the three senator beside crassus take they papers , and quietly move toward the vestibule exit , as do the two who be whisper on the front bench . gracchus slowly move toward he customary position among the bench , orassus continue scan a paper , caesar remain perhaps six foot inside the «chamber , before the open door to the vestibule . the flame from the brazier leap fitfully , send long shadow in movee ment against the wall . laying he paper aside , crassus look up at gracchus , who have remain stand . crassus you may sit if you wish . gracchus occasion be invent to be rise to . allow I to rise to this one . crassus , as he begin to speak , actually be not address gracchus at all . he speak to history and to Rome . crassus I have return as you foretold , to this holy place . to this temple of Rome , ( glance around ) . where even the stone bleed with history . how many kingdom have die on the spot where now I stand ? how many prince and potentate have enter this chamver , cent the knee , and leave it slave ? ( he pause } and the shout that go up ! ( softiy ) do you hear they voice in this quiet air -«- the echoe of Rome ? you do . and a thousand year xx. five '' thousand year from now , some other Roman stand in this Roman place will hear they still , ( the mood break ; cold feroxzity ) do you truly think five century of Rome could sa easily be deliver into the clutches of a mob ? already six thousand slave decorate the appian way . tomorrew the last of they fellow fight to the death hoe continued pr a sc no no ae rr cream care br a walt aa ea will apo ma a aah oo | aad \2 ' a mag , 356-6 356-h # 1888 - change 3/30/59 161-h continued - 2 ; 356 -6 | crassus ( cont would ) in the temple of my father , as the slave die , so will you rabble af they falter one instant in loyalty to the new order of affair . the enemy of the state be know . arrest be in progress ; the prison begin to fi11 . in every city and province list of the disloyal have be compile . tomorrow they will learn the cost of thelr terrible folly , they treascn . gracchus and where do my name stand on the list of disloyal enemy of the state ? crassus first . yet upon you I have no desire for vengeance . you proper - tie will not be touch . you will retain the rank and title of Roman senator , a farmhouse in picenum have be provide for you exile . you may take you woman with you . gracchus why be I to be leave so conspicuously alive ? crassus you follower be a surly lot , but they trust you . I intend for you to speak to they tomorrow , and from time to time thereafter I may find it profitable to bring you back to Rome , you will calm they envious { spirit , you will persuade they to ! accept destiny and trust the god . : _ you may go . he surn to symmachus and laelius who have enter carry papers and stylus . pay no more attention to gracchus , crassus place the papers on the table , begin to sign decree . gracchus move slowly , ponderously toward the exit into the vestibule , before which caesar await he . . i mo , shot - caesar , gracchus 356 - h ' caesar 's : face show a decent concern for he former relation - ship with he patron , continued mag # 1988 - changer 3/39/59 356-h continued 356-3 caesar ( quietly ) crassus save we from defeat by the slave . he 5. have dene be Rome . ( with please leave ave Rome , what I not for myself , but for oracchy weary disguet ) Rome out of it . you will only gtart make one of my speech less well tha do I have ts within twenty n ido at myself , when get out of the city ? caesar . «four hour . you be net under arrest . you may conelude you affair crassus will without interference . call for you in the - morning . you be to make a speech with he on the field of mara . gracchis if I have a tail , T would wag it . . t: ( ste back t crown of he have be lea camera truck with he ig inte vesti- pause , turn xc} jewel in the beac '' < should rning from you . oo CA as he pass through the : vestibule - other senator no one speak to he ; to see he , with a emi all self - consciously appear not even 356-1 le of contemptuous amisement , gracchus pass through the great door of the senate for the last time . int , corridor ~ outside dissolve to gracchus ! bathroom - night 356-5 all the assort woman of he household be assemble around the bathroom door , which stand slightly ajar . ' they face be pale , aad . several of tmem be red-ey from weep . that neerest the bathroom door listen to what be say inside . sylvana enter corridor from bathroom , sylvana ( whisper } he want wine continued indg 356~ h 356-1 356 I - 2 # 1688 - change 5/13/59 16lis continued 356-1 caesar ( quietly ) crassus save we from defeat by the slave . he save Rome . what I have do be not for myself , but for Rome . gracchus ( with weary disgust ) please leave Rome out of it . you will only start make one of my speech less well than I do it myself . when do I have to get out of the city ? : caesar within twenty - four hour , you be not under arrest . you msy conclude you affair without interference . crassus will call for you in the morning . you be to make a speech with he on the fleld of Mars . second slave MARCH scene ~ day ~ rain 356 - 1 as x ( so that we can better establish passage of time , by have maz the next slave march scene shot in dust and sunlight . ) crest of hill - shoot down ~ day - rain 356 . i- 1 the tag end of the slave prisoner , follow by legionary , ( xx ) be just pass over the crest . on its decline , stretch for out behind the prisoner who move toward camera , we see the row of cross leave as a trail by the victor . group cf slave marching through rain 356 : I -2 among they one who have to be support by the youth who {x ) be the second to identify himself as spartacus . '' the man be obvicusly hopelessly cripple . legionary enter , quickly uneuff he . legionary in charge eat ( es they enter , he indicate the cripple ) this one can not walk anyhow . : they take the luckless man , carry he out of the line , and the line shuffles on , mag , i-3 356-7 # 1888 .~ change 5/13/59 '' 161 -i» trucking shot wite spartacus and antoninus ~ other - 356 day ~ rain & x they be pass the point where the cripple be just be attach to the cross before hoist . as it be hoist the eripple emit a despair cry . spartacus react with impo - tent fury and pain , slog ahead bitterly , dissolve to int . corridor - outside gracchus ' bathroom ~ night 356 -7 all the assort woman of he household be assemble around the bathroom door , which stand slightly ajar . they face be pale , sad . several of they be red-ey from weep . that nearest the bathroom door listen to what be say inside sylvana enter corridor from bathroom . '' sylvana ( whisper ) he want wine . continued eo : on mag # 1868 ~ change 3/30/59 : 161-5 356-3 continued 5 356-7 she hasten down the corridor . gracchus ' voice ( o.8. , irritably ) you hand wobble all over the placel ( continue in next scene ) 356 -k int . bathroom - gracchus ' house ~ artificial light 356 k it be a room of marble , with the sink bath usual in home of the rich . gracchus be in the water - fill tub , a pillow at he head . the arrangement 1s such that the tub be cover , permit we to see only hig breast , arm , shoulder and head . Julia stand beside he , hold he right wrist . his leave wrist be in the water , under the cover , Julia have a small silver knife , the tip of which she hold against he wrist . her face be contort with a grimace of revulsion . gracchus ( 1rritably ) all you do be incise this vein as accurately as you do the other , {as she sob ) oh come , come , stop blubber and get to it . amovement of she arm indicate she have dene it . gracchus lower the arm into the water under the cover , without any blood make visible to the audience . gracchus well ! thank heaven I have only get two of they . ( wriggle lower in tub ) now move the pillow a little lower . ( as she do ) aheh - heh ! splendid . ( indicate with a jerk of he head ) go to the stand and take the scroll and parcel I have laid out . she go , pick they up , turn around questioningly to qracchus . but gracchus be pay she no heed . he be stare straight up at the ceiling , think with bemuse detachment of other mate ter , but compel by gcod manners to conclude he business with the slave woman . continued sno mr ee et tee treo mag : # 1888 ~ change 4/1/59 161-1 356-k continued 356 - k gracchus { ampatiently ) well '' -- do you have they ? julie ( timidly ) yes , master , gracchus ( eye on ceiling ) I own fourteen woman in this house , by that papers I set they free and divide my estate amongst they , | julia } . ( cover she face ; v a great sob ) E but master --- why do you do this ? gracchus ( irritably ) so you will not be beggar , why else ? {as she weep quietly ) stop sniffle , : os julia ( cover she face ) you have be sc good to we , and rt ae ewe D coon ' gracchus ' hatred of sentimentality cause he to shut she off swiftly . ' gracchus ( sternly ) I will have none of that . leave me.t {as she hesitates ) now ! cortinued wg a re mag , 356 - k 356-l # 1888 = change 3/30/59 igicy , continued - 2 ' 356 - k she turn , move to the door , as she open it and prepare to exit , she turn , make a last appeal to he . julia be there --- nothing more '' can do for you ?. gracchus think for a instant , have a amusing think , react to it , and say : : gracchus yes , the new master cf reme will call for I tomorrow , he want I to make a speech . take he to wherever I be , and show I to he . ( pause ; a wick smile when I meet you in paradise , describe the I the look on he face when he see I dead . . that 's a order . you may go .. : julia ( turn away ) yes , master , mo , close shot - cracchus 356 -l . he sigh , and smile . he look up at the ceiling , contem - plate the think of crassus ' frustration . gracchus ( pure delight ) e hah ! ' : then , like a content , wick child , he turn he head to one side against he pillow ( face the door ) , and close he eye . he mean to enjoy the luxury of this painless end of life , so similar to sleep . syivana appear in scene , very quietly set a@ small tray contain a open bottle of wine and a fill wine - ~glass on the marble ledge of the tub . - g@racchus 'ey open a tiny slit , watch she movement alertly , but pretend to be asleep so she will not make a scene . she cast he a sorrowful glance , depart . his eye open wider , watch she retreat . she exit , clese the door . gracchus ' eye pop wide open , he look at the wine , smile , and reach for the glass . as he do sc : dissolve to cy ts mp 357 358 359 360 '' 360 - a 360 - B # 1888 - change 5/13/59 ; 161. third slave MARCH scene - day - brilliant sunshine 357 x the slave be pass through a dusty countryside of wineyared™ ? they be parched , cover with dust , and they pass leave & long serpentine trail of dust behind they , almost obscure the cross which also tell of they passage . roadside ~ field slave and overseer - day be 2 : x ) the overseer be quite content to have they slave look up with horror and awe at : roadside cross - bear the man who first identified himself 359 as spartacus - day ( x ) his head flop from one side to the other : no SOUND . back to : roadside ~- field slave and overseer - day ee overseer , ( point ) here go the last of them . look slave ! they 811 look off to : trucking shot - the marching slave - among they antoninus 3 : qya and spartacus - day x ) they face be cake with dust and agony . they can barely shuffle slong under they chain . mo . shot - field slave . y 7 a . x one , and suddenly 411 of they , suddenly begin to wave , slave Goodbye ! Goodbye , spartacus ! Goodbye and may all the god bless you ! oversee ' ( anape flail ) quiet , there ! silence ! continued még # 1888 - change 5/13/59 , 162 360-b continued aay ' x LA while the slave endure they lash sulleniy , there arise a break chorus from the doom slave . slave ( 0.s. ) good-by ! goad-by ! good-by ! " 3604 mo , trucking shot - through SUN and dust - slave , among 360 - 0 | they antoninus ' and spartacus ( 0 ) | SOUND of the whip o.s . despite they thirst , they exhaust - ion , despite they legionary guard who suddenly bustle about among they with activity and the whip , they continue , softly , brokenly , and some fiercely : slave good-by ! good-by ! dissolve to crassus = varinia scene ~ night spartacus - antoninus - crassus ~ caesar ~ confrontation ~ night i i morning : ' varinia and her child to the fade out balance , of scene be rewritten ss ar. gl 361 # 1888 - change 7/10/59 163 mo . close shot - spartacus and antoninus - night - 361 outside wall of rome : they be chain together , whether they be chain to a cross , or whether a cross be even in scene be to be determine . they be filthy , exhaust , hungry ; utterly defeat . from somewhere in distance come the strange SOUND of a nightbird sing . antoninus open he eye , look into the night sky . antoninus a bird . spartacus yes . another bird respond thrillingly . spartacus ( cont would ) and there 's he mate . antoninus , do you remember that egg trick you use to play ? antoninus yes . spartacus . ( with a smile ) I have think about it often . antoninus do not you ever weep , spartacus ? spartacus ( nodd slowly ) I think of that row of cross , I ' think of varinia . I think of my son -- dead . ( pause ) yes , I weep , antoninus . antoninus could we have win , spartacus ? could we ever have win ? . , spartacus just by fight they we win something . when just one man say " no , I will not -~ Rome begin to fear . we be ten ef thousané who ' say " no " , antoninus yet we will die . ( no answer ; after a silence ) do you believe in the god ? continued ned gl 361 362 # 1868 ~ change 7/10/59 : - 164 continued . 361 =! spartacus turn , gaze at he for a moment , he brow wrinkle with speculation , with think , perhaps with hope . spartacus I do not know . yet sometimes I close my eye and think to myself , " tomorrow I will know .*® {pause ) why do I keep think that tomorrow itll know something ? antoninus maybe after it 's all over , we will . spartacus . . noi siave have no godsi I never believe in god , I believe in mene and now I can not believe any more . the world be a plg-sty --- a pig sty ! antoninus look at spartacus . the full impact of spartacus ! gepression reach he . desperately try to help , he begin to sing . antoninus when the blaze sun hang low in the western sky , when the wind die away on the mountain , when the song of the meadowlark turn still , when the field - locust click no more in the field , when the sea~foam sleep like a maiden at rest , and twilight touch the shape of the wenserang world , I turn home . 0.8 . officer's voice open the gates} both spartacus and antoninus look aff to : ext . gate of rome - night ~ reverse angle 362 the gate swing open . cressus on a white charge . caesar on a bey ; pass slowly through they , sentries salute . here and ' there gleam the night fire of the legionary , with small group of man huddie about they . crassus in the lead , the two commander ride up to the nearest campfire . the man instantly spring to attention as crassus address they . crassus where be the gladiator ? continued # 21688 - changea 5/29/59 : 165 continyed , 362 the centurion point . centuricn ' over there , sire crassus gaze off for & moment , then dismount , cassar do likewise . ' '' crassus ( to guard ) hold my horse . . - ( guard do so ) a torch , centurion . a torch be hand crassus . he hold it high , start toward the chain pair of gladiator . caesar start to follow . crassus ( quietly ) I wish to be alone with they . caesar instantly halt , crassus continue , camera trucking with he as he move very deliberately across tos mo . shot = antoninus , spartacus , crassus with torch ~ night 363 crassus peer at antoninus thoughtfully , pay no heed to spartacus at all . we must remember that this scene be the . culmination of crassus personal problem and of he defeat , he doubt , he fear . they begin on the battlefield when he see love unto death , and fear it , and order the cruci - fixlon ; they increase when not endesvore the have the help ~ less , hopeless prisoner betray spartacus to he , and they unenimously refuse ; lesa than hour ago ; in he final scene with varinia , he have perceive that no power cn earth can make she yield to he es a woman --= only as a slave , a mar live body which he happen to own but can never really possess . now , reetiess , fill with forebodings and the most search interest , he have come outside the gate to seek to enlighten the mystery of why slave behave as the spartacist have behave , by confront a slave who run away from he own household tc join the rebellion . quiet , restrain , urgently attentive , and somehow sadden by all that have happen , he still seek he answer . crassus . {almost regretfully ) 's well , antoninus ~» . . the night { X ) pass slowly , doea not it ? . continued el # 1888 ~ change 5/20/59 ) 363 continued ; , antoninus glare at he . crassus walk over to spartacus , crassus — who be you , gladiator ? what be ' ° . you name ? G spartacus do not answer . crassus . ( to centurion ) unchain he , centurion come quickly and unchain spartacus , crassus look at I slave . I be the consul , Marcus licinius crassus . speak when I ask you something . be you spartacus ? spartacus look he straight in the face ; do not answer . suddenly , crassus slap he viciously across the face . spartacus ( with a smile ) what trouble you , crassus ? where be you victory ? have it elude you ? have spartacus elude you ? look at I , crassus -- could I be spartacus ? crassus will never know , will he ? '' . why do you want spartacus so much ? : be you victory no victory unless you could look into he eye and laugh at he -- and spit in he i " face ? well , I be just a gladiator ~- i just a slave , * but I be laugh at you , and I apit in you facel — ( note : alternate version ) '' anon * but , I be look at y and I be laugh in you face . — _ — ant he spit full in ' crassus ' face . crassus do not react at all . he be '' still hold in the terrible spell that this scene have . throw over he . he take a handkerchief from he belt and ' wipe he face , still crore at spartacus , then he turn away , call off , continued 166 363 ( x ) mp y 363 a a seem tpt a of F # 1888 ~ change 5/20/59 continued - 2 crassus centurion ! ( centurion ' come forward ) unchain they , let they fight now , centurion set about he task , caesar move up to crassus , concerned by the order . caesar but the whole city 's be tell they " 11 fight tomorrow a the temple of you ancestor , crassus we will test this myth of slave brother - ' hood , they will fight for I atd now , and to the death , and the victor as be crucify . activity shot . cirele of torchbearer form ; spartacus and antoninus be unchain ; circle of spear form ; crassus watch coldly . in the.course of . they ; mo . close shot - pee taue and ees : of continued ee en ~ es oa anc tap ope can ane — — — — — — — — = 364 365 # 1888 = change 6/15/59 / " 168 continued . 363 spartacus have be freed ; antoninus be just be unchain . they stand up unsteadily , the red illumination of the torch suffuse they figure . while they pretend to knead they muscle , they conduct a whisper and surreptitious conver - sation , antoninus ( x ) spartacus .. I be afraid , ; spartacus ( x ) there 's nothing to fear . we have live with death too long . it 's like a old friend to we . it will come quickly antoninus . one swift thrust and it will be over , antoninus ( x ) then you will be crucify ! wider angle — centurion : 364 he throw two knife at the foot of the liberated slave . centurion you weapon , slave ! both man look at the knife on the earth , they slowly bend to pick they up . centurion take you position ! full shot ~ circle of spear - circle of torch : crassus ~ 365 caesar - centurion - spartacus and antoninus antoninus , knife in hand , keep he eye fix on spartacus . he say nothing . spartacus , with tear in he eye , move slowly , knife draw toward antoninus . suddenly antoninus make a@ vicious lunge at spartacus , with a stunne look , spartacus leap instantly mecnee but not before recet ving a wound from the attatle , ?' . spartacus why be you do this ? it take . gay to die on the cross . . antoninus '' will not let they erucify you , mzz 366 through 366-5 367 368 369 370 371 372 2888 ~ change 6/15/59 169 wider angle - the two '' 366 through they now begin to fight , cunningly , warily , circle , 366.3 wait for some fatal weakness in the other , reverse {x ) angle , crassus ' point of view . the two gladiator be en. gage in a rush fury of action , . reverse angle - the fighter . 367 the fight that now go on be clearly to the death . the eontestant lunge , feint , duck s«{ crouch low like animal , circle warily , thelr side heaving for lack of breath , both of they cover with wound . closer angle . spartacus and antoninus 368 's o we better can view the desperation of they charge and evasion , both man have the look of death . antoninus lunge . spartacus swivel , throw he over he hip , chop down hard at the base of he neck , antoninus fall , spartacus be on he like a panther . , , close - spartacus and antoninus 369 antoninus , exhaust , lie on the ground . spartacus be astride he . antoninus still make a desperate pretense of resistance . the theme of the gladiator ' march now come over the scene , faintly , mute , in a minor note . close shot on spartacus 370 heaving with exhaustion , he stare down at antoninus with a expression of intolerable agony , close on antoninus + gazing up into spartacus ' face 371 now that he know death be at hand , antonimus can put aside the terrible burden of . responsibility that cause he to try to kill he commander and take he place on the cross . in. stead , he eye be fill with love , and a wondrous smile steal over he young face . 4 close two shot ~ spartacus and antoninus 372 very close to each other , antoninus smile , at peace ; spartacus know that not for one second of life remain to he will he ever have peace , continued mag 372 373 374 # 1888 - cnange 6/15/59 / . , 170 continued . : 372 spartacus ( x ) I love you antoninus , like the son I will never see , spartacus ! face twitches ; we do not seé he hand ; but the movement of he body indicate that he right arm have make a short , swift , terrible motion . the light fade instantly from antoninus ' eye . his head gently turn until he cheek - touch the blood and dirt of he last bed . spartacus : {xx} go to sleep . pan shot '' guard and torchbearers 373 they stare with something between awe and reverence at the sight of the dead man and the live one , they sense what have go on , and they face reflect they wonder at a love which can find expression only in the act of kill . camera con - tinue its movement to : close on caesar . watching crassus 374 mag 375 376 377 378 # 1888 - change 5/26/59 7 ava close on crassus : 3t5 he , too , know he have see something he would never otherwise have believe ; he have see the terrible power and determina - tion of the love which he first recognize on the battlefield as the deadly , most constant , and most fatal enemy of Rome . now he move forward slowly , camera trucking with he to : mo , shot - spartacus embracing the dead antoninus 376 then , daze and fill with death , he get onto he knee , lift the dead body in he arm , as he would a child , and in utter silence ( camera trucking with he ) carry he burden to crassus . . mo , shot - crassus - caesar in scene | 377 spartacus , the image of death , he eye wide with horror and hate , arrive before the dictator of Rome , carry antonimis . he extend the body , as if offer it to crassus . spartacus ( dead voice , fill . with hatred and horror ) he will ccme back , and he will be million . alternate line : here 's -- you victory . . i ( x} mo , close ~ spartacus , crassus , body of antoninus 378 crassus glance at the body of antcninus , loolke in spartacus ! " face , and turn aside . he start off , leave spartacus ( x ) stare after he , still hold the murder body of antoninus . ' suddenly , however , he turn back . crassus . what do you think spartacus would say if he know that the woman yarinia and she child now live in my household -~- as my slave ? the look of pure horror , of utter agony and anguish that suffuse ' spartacus ' face , tell crassus that which , until now , he could not be certain of . spartacus ( a chock gasp ) varinia --- |. . continued a ets I eee > ) - mag 378 379 380 # 1888 ~ change 5/19/59 172 continued 378 involuntarily he muscle go slack ; the body of antoninus drop from he nerveless arm , crash to the earth at crassus ' foot , crassus yes --~ you be spartacus . ( pause ) great enemy become almost necessary to one another , and when one of they die the other 's great purpose in life die with he , {pause - to centurion ) crucify he . Guards seize he fiercely from behind , drag he out of scene , crassus stare down for a moment at the sprawle and lifeless boéy of antcninus ; then silently , forever haunt , he turn and move back toward the campfire and he horse , caesar follow . trucking shot - with crassus walk alone , caesar behind ; a look of brood , of haunt memory forever engrave upon he consciousness . he come up to he horse , silent take the rein , mount it . caesar do likewise . the two ride off together through the night toward the applian Gate , trucking shot ~- crassus and caesar ~ on horse - night crassus , stiff in he saddle , he face sombre , stare straight ahead , he horse at a walk . caesar , riding beside he , have the opportunity to examine he superior 's face keenly . crassus ( stare ahead ) I want no grave for he , no marker . have he body burnt and he ash scattered in secret . Long silence , while caesar regards he , caesar ( quietly , a veile probe for weakness ) ' be you afraid of he , crassus ? crassus think for a moment ; he reply without deign to leok at the garrison cemmander . continued 375 be i nat mag 300 381 through 413 # 1888 . change 6/4/59 continued : crassus thoughtfully ) when I fight he --- no . I know he could be besten . but now , ...? ( pause ) yes . I fear he terribly . 's nlook at caesar for the first time ) even more than I fear you . ' _ cabsar ( startle ) . I ? crassus _ ( nod ; voice soft ) yes , my dear caesar --- you . 173 through 182-# 380 both man lapse into silence ; both gaze straight ahead as they pass through the appian Gate into the Rome for which they will shortly contend . omitted dissolv = to : dha | 413 — \_ mp 414 415 426 # 1888 ~ change 6/4/59 183 | full shot - the eastern horizon ~- the SUN 414 ! . 1 it be just rise . bugle call 0.s , full shot ~ from outside appian gate - toward the gate 415 i we do not see any cross from this angle , the gate 1s close , just outside the gate , which have , of course , a guard detail , j early ~ comer to Rome have assemble , wait for the gate to | open and the commerce of the new day to begin , the whole mood ' of the scene , and the attitude of that who wait , should be { one of placidity , of patient , wait inactivity . a teamster , { he wagon load high with squash , arrive before the gate ' as we come into the shot , already there be half a dozen slave in charge of they master , a small merchant . they have laid aside they burden , and be sit on the ground beside they , rest . a farmer doze in the seat of he ox - cart , and the ox doze too . a elderly rich man , seat in he sedan chair which have be lower to the ground by its slave - bearer , ( who squat beside 1t on they haunch ) kill the time by : peel and eat a banana . | 1 bugle inside gate ring out , outside guard come to attention , baggage slave stir , resume they load , slave - bearer lift they master 's litter . the gate slowly open , revealing other on the inside similarly wait for exit from the city , the traffic of people and vehicle begin to move in both direct - = i don through the gate . a centurion with two or three legionar - |. des to assist he , check , either by direct question , or for swift visual search , each person and vehicle . Rome be still under the military after crassus ! take -over , mo , shot - legionaries around FIRE 416 they , like everyone else in this scene , have problem , task and interest which , to they , be much more important than the fate of spartacus , who hang 0.s. on he cross , . first legionary my arm be not heal yet , I have cap - ture no loot from this accurse slave , I be over two hundred sester - cea in debt , I get back to Rome - -- not ovand my wife 's live with another man ! second legionary in he house or yours ? that make all the difference , continued ~ 7 mp 416 # 1888 - change 6/4/59 continued . ble as much as this one be , '' first legionary in my house . '' second legionary then she 's unfaithful , no two way about it . do you have it out with she ? first legionary she bien to cry and I forgive she , '' 2 third legionary what about the man ? first legionary oh , he admit he wis in the wrong . second legionary well ? be that all ? first legionary 5 ( sternly ) no , by the god , it be not ! I have wy satisfaction with he , from now on he sleep in the kitchen , I be not a man to be trifle with . ( frown ) at least that 's what we agree on . nlook resentfully up at spartacus on 0 , 8 , cross ) I could go home and check up on hin right now if this dog of @ slave would only die ! third legionary nlook up be to the cross you will be home in a hour , and probably regret it . you can not expect they to last when they be . second legionary ( look up also ) you can not tell . we crucify a bythinian once who last three day . first legionary look at he ! he 's stare straight gown at we , all now look up as we go to : 184°} 416 | ( thei not en ee a La mag # 1888 ~ change 6/4/59 . 185 . | 417 reverse angle ~ the camera as spartacus 417 it 1s angle from the top of the unseen cross straight down toward the legionary around they fire . the legionary be stare up at the camera , 7 / second legionary ( soberly ) + / I do not like that glare , he would stall ! hl come for we if he could , : | | third legionary : ( scoffing ) | 'o ? that 's no glare , he 's die . ' they for all look that way , : t w\ fra rag woman enter scene , carry a stone jar . she go I 'o among the soldier with she ware , : camera ( eye of spartacus leave the group , pan to : ry | no woman '' hot chestnut ? stuff derma ? ; p } legionary busy themselves purchase or rejecting she ware . t barefoot slave child 418 sai ~ can pero be a ° carry four live truss - chivken , pad along toward the gate_beyond . a ; mangy hound come up , sniff , toward the gate , as hénpass the-cress from which camera be suspend he look up straight into the lens . he be not horrify at what - he '' see ; only~interestéd . the child carry a stick . mangy dog trot up , show carnivorous interest in the chicken . the boy-eudgels he fiercely . : boy get away , chickenethief | Dog yelp , start to run , camera ( the eye of spartacus ) fol - - low dog in : 49 brief pan shot ~ with Doc hig faggot ( middle - age one ) , the proprietor of the donkey stare up into camera as he pass toward appian gate , Dog , move away from appian gate , terminate he flight before a charcoal brazier . the woman of the previous scene be return to she fire for fresh ware . she look casually up at camera , then mairess herself to she roasting chestnut and smoking sausage . '' og sniff the air hungriiy . '' the animal scuttle between the leg of a donkey load with continued # 1888 = change 6/4/59 186 continued ang batiatus ' voice { 0.s. , from appian gate ) I object ! I most strongly object ! centurion voice ( sternly ; 0.5 . ) I have get my order , climb down and my identify yourselves . fs batiatus ' voice lentulus batiatus , the lanista of capua . this be the free i ah ap ss 4 camera , at the word " varinia " 4 ps a fuld 180 degree instantly to : '' fp the appian gate ~ day = from spartacus ' point of view - a centurion , guard , batiatus , varinia and her child batiatus have just indignantly descend . varinia and she child be now follow . batiatus *® ocontinue speech of previous scene ) '' - ~ and she child . travel on senatorial pass to aquitania , '' s| q x U fp , ay ph : '' ee we as he hand centurion the papers , he glance casually up toward the 0.8. cross , react violently . he be ‘afraid varinia may see and make a scene ; he be fearful of this inspection ; he see the sudden possibility of pay for this trip with he life . centurion '' {to guard ) '' take a look through he baggage . ; : batiatus try awkwardly to turn verinia aside , to insert he own ample body between she and the sight of she crucify hus - band . ; batiatus ( all a-steam from try to do two thing at once ) never before have I know Roman eitizen to be searched in this fashiont we ore eset centurion pay he no heed , begin to finger through he papers . to batiatus ' horror , varinia suddenly look up , see the cross and the person on it , and freeze , continued fe 4 mag # 1888 ~ change 6/4/59 187 | 420 continued / 420 ' ' C ) batiatus '' ( frantically , to varinia ) not a word ! not a word ! | centurion look up at batiatus curiously , centurion what do you say ? batiatus not a word ! I mean that 's what I say to you . I make a citizen 's comment on this search you be con - ducting , and you ignore I . you say not a word , ( both to he and varinia ) not a word ! not a single word , you understand ? ee varinia now slowly move toward the cross , tiatus regards she departure with agony . centurion ( flatly ) you must be out of you mind . batiatus oh , I be ! a citizen inquiry why . he 's be searched and you do not ; show any recognition . ( loudly , for varinia ) do not show any recognition at alll camera ( eye of spartacus ) be now follow varinia 's move» ment toward cross , thus batiatus and centurion pass out of scene as varinia leave they behind . she run three step for - ward , walk two , then run three or more until she 's very close to the base of the cross . her emotion , one must only hazard ; joy at see he alive ; horror at the cruelty be inflicted upon he ; sympathy for he pain , love ; grief . camera ( eye of spartacus ) , have move with she advance ; now have she in : 421 mo , close shot - varinia and child ~ shoot down from 421 spartacus point of view at top of cross tear could flow freely down varinia 's cheek as she gaze up into spartacus ' face ~- but I think the grief should be so pure that she face have none of the contortion , the grimace of a coo p-rson weep . a varinia ~ ( softly ) '' oh spartacus --- spartacus ~~. | '' y mp 422 423 '' 4a4 425 426 ' bundle the child , expose its head , shoulder and tiny arm , # 1888 - change 6/4/59 : . 288 closeup - spartacus 422. the cross , of which very little be visible , should be of the T rather than the Christian conformation , spartacus stare down at varinia through eye that have already scumm over with death , hach line of he face be etched with agony . he be die of thirst , of exposure , of wound , of shock , his lip seem to struggle frantically for speech , but nothing come , not even the discernible shape of a single silent syllable . tear still flow . from she eye , she begin hastily to un ~ she hold 1t a5 high as she can , varinia het free , spartacus ! he 's not a slave ! close on spartacus 4oy he seem to be look down at the child , varinia' voice ( softly , 0.s. ) he 's a free man ... % . the awful struggle on the die man 's face continue , centurion voice i ! close on varinig - from spartacus ' point of view 423 everything 's in order here , ' depart now from spartacus ! 's Pov , we go to : i mo , shot - appian gate - batiatus , centurion , other 425 the centurion hend batiatus ' papers back to bim . batiatus ~ : ( snatching they ) I should hope sot be clamber into he vehicle , rein the horse , vehicle start forward , camera trucking with 16 until it halt before varinia and the cross , : : '' ed , shot ~ batiatus in carriage , varinia before cross 426 vehicle come to a stop , mag 4a7 428 hag 430 432 D. 430 433 434 ee # 1888 ~ change 6/4/59 . 189 close on varinia and child ~ beneath cross - from spartacus ! ez point of view . she ' 4s just lowering ' the child . it cry out in protest , as if desire to be closer to he father rather than farther ' from he . close on spartacus a 428 SOUND of his son 's wail over scene , the struggle still ravage he face --- whether to comprehend or to acknowledge we do not know , varinia and child - from spartacus ' point of view keg she clutches the child to she breast , shaking she head , as if unable to tear herself away from spartacus . another angle - legionaries of prevlous scene around FIRE 430 . in f.g , . = prientuey eee spartacus , varinia and child in bg , another angle ~ '' batiatus , varinia . 431 ° batiatus {urgently } we have get to get out of here ! close on varinia and child - from spartacus ' point of view 432 ' varinia cling helplessly to the child , almost reeling from she agony . varinia ( who mast abandon one of she man for the other ) I want to die with you , spartacus , 3 , I do not want you to die all alone ! I have to go with the baby . of y he can not live without I . he 's jo too little to be leave alone ««= rao be , close on spartacus 433 the struggle continue . | another angle - batiatus , varinia , child : 434 exclude spartacus from scene . continued ( rs tt be no a rr mag 434 ! 435 # 1888 - change 6/4/59 190 continued 434 third legionary's voice hey you ! he 's about dead anyhow ! leave he alone ! stop teasing he ! batiatus ( desperately ) do you want we all to be up there with he ? varinia ( in agony ) De not you understand , spartacus ? can not you hear I at all ? I be leave you here because of the baby . he 's free , spartacus --- he 's free . . third legionary's voice do you people hear what I say ? batiatus bring the whip down hard on horse 's rump , they leap forward , camera truck with vehicle . batiatus ° {from the safety of ) : increase distance ) you do not know what trouble be , you - pig-snouted garbage - feed son of a ' camp - follower 's cuckold ! . varinia ( look rearward ; despairingly ) he 's free , spartacus -~-— | the horse be now racing down the highway . closeup ~ spartacus 435 his eye follow the depart vehicle that carry varinia ' and the child away from he forever . his face , varinia' voice ( fainter , 0 , s.} you son «= he 's free ~-= | '' in the throes of a final spasm to tell she he do indeed understand , he 's simply too fill with death to tell she so --- he face for the first time organize itself into a pattern of response . despite the suffer , despite the touch of death so near to it , he eye follow the retreate continued ad | | 2 mag 435 436 437 438 | | ' '' # 1888 ~ change 6/4/59 . 191 continued 435 vehicle with intelligence , even with triumph ; he lip be able to form a smile , all the more wonderful in its sense of relief and gratitude , for the agony that lie behind it ; and he lip at last come under he control sufficiently to form a single word : spartacus ( hoarse whisper ) ort free | . : aa ow reverse angle - from he point of view - iy vehicle 436 fleeing down the appian Way , varinla stilf look back , still wave in the hope that a instant 's understanding may make she farewell comprehensible to he , close up - spartacus 437 he utter the word again . spartacus ( hoarse , but a voice now , and now a whisper ; a voice that thrill with victory ) : free --- he die . he die instantly . the effort to utter , above a whisper and in recognizable human voice , the one word that symbolize he life and he victory , have kill he . but he son go free , a mo , trucking shot — the vehicle — varinia and child 438 ' ' varinia 4s still look toward Rome , toward the cross , toward | ) the eye of spartacus which she hope will see and understand =- ~ and she 1s wave --- and the child be hold in such a position that if the slight flicker of consciousness , how - ever mute , remain in spartacus , he will see and know , but he do not see . he have see everything . varinia have share with he the last unhappiness : she do not know that he hear everything ; and he , who want she so to know , could not tell she . but the audience , which have share varinia 's frustration , know . and it be the avdience 's triumph that it know . for if we previous effort have be successful and , in some degree , true , the audience very much want communication be - tween the two principal at that moment . and it get what the principal could not get ( but do ) , and could never know . the gudience will feel the watery : too , for we shall have make it theirs , en aas p1is85 2 change best ae cuy of rowe haduro lst the zastanct pri vartria' po ayg end ha 40 ts of vaniala and her child we tha ? leck beck oh wardahe teme without see lt : they see toe obustand sod father who dade than fron , Ho egg see teas , gut eee eoblence wls pech he dose , por ic the sanent af webare kha jaat werd of wie uittece " rrag ! " _ -- be , tng , bee gen fraa , ind to be fra to to see aivd to know , for fae cir