fade in 1 black 1 the screen be black . Thunder rumble . Theo ( vo ) when you hear thunder ... a black bowl ball pull away from the lens . the ball be in the hand of Theo skinner , a intense , handsome 28 year old man with sideburn dress in wear bowl attire . Theo ( vo ) ... God be bowl . he hold the ball in front of he , wristbrace on , he face a study in concentration . CUT to : credit CUT to : 2 ext . bridge - day 2 a empty causeway span a bay somewhere along the south shore of Long Island . the sky be overcast . sheila , a woman in she late twenty , wear a full length heliotrope pleather coat over a waitress outfit , kneel in the middle of the road . a soupe - up vespa motor scooter stand nearby . ken and barbie Sheila hold a bridal barbie and Ken doll set . she set they down on the road , pull out a can of lighter fluid and soak the doll . she pull out a bowl pin-shape lighter and torch the nuptial tableau . 3 int . theo's car 3 theo drive he ratty old american car along a highway . the car have Ohio plate . he suck coffee from a 7 - eleven " Big - swig " cup and examine a map . a yellow plastic " bowler on board " sign be stick to a side window . theo 's music plays . his eye nod off , then snap awake . 4 nightmare 4 the screen be black , except for three circle in the middle of the screen . the light shine through they be snuffed out by three large pink object . there be a loud pop , like a thumb be pull out of a tight hole . bowling ball a slow motion low tracking shot of a bowl ball hit a polished lane . bowling pin Close - up of the milky white surface of two bowl pin on opposite side of the lane - a seven - ten split . the rumbling ball be hear in the distance like a furious hulk steamroller of doom . the pin begin to tremble , and then transform into a bridal Ken and barbie . the doll burst into flame . ball the ball blast past the camera and metamorphoses into theo 's car . rapid dissolve to : 5 ext . bridge 5 theo 's sedan blast past the camera down the empty road . burning doll the flame couple stand in the middle of the bridge . theo 's car hit the pair and they fly into the air in slow-motion . a distant SOUND of pin scatter be hear . the two doll smoke as they spin into the sky , then hit the water with dual hiss . dissolve to : 6 pin reset machinery 6 a american Machine and foundry pin reset machine perform its function like a mechanical ballet as the camera follow a bowl ball through its journey . the " spare I ! " theme music ( similar to " balboa Blue " by the markett ) swell . title : spare I ! appear on the bowl ball . pin tumble across the back plate , be load into the pin conveyor , lift up to the crown feeder , distribute into the rotate carousel , and then set down in perfect formation upon the polished bowl alley . burn-in principal player title . titles appear on the pin . the ball trundle along the return trough straight into the lens . black 7 int . 7 - eleven - day 7 a muzak cover of ' break , busted , and disgust ' plays in the background as theo gingerly pull a hot taco out of the microwave oven . alfie , the rickety old man who run the store , shuffles up to the self - serve island and begin wiping it down . theo poke at the taco with a spork as steam rise . he pull a disgust grimace . alfie pour himself a cup of coffee and then attempt to open a tiny container of half &amp ; half . because he hand be shaking so much , the cream go everywhere but into the coffee . alfie I be a addict . I can not go through a day without the stuff . theo reach over and pour for he with a steady hand . alfie you be not from around here , be you ? Theo I be from akron . alfie look at theo 's bowl shoe attire foot . alfie you a bowler ? theo 's hand start shaking uncontrollably . he put down the cream . Theo I be look for a man . alfie what kind of man ? Theo a bowler . alfie press a matchbook into theo 's hand and then trundle off . theo look down at the matchbook ; it read " bowl for health , enjoy yourself . Babylon lane . " 8 ext . babylon lane - twilight 8 theo pull into the empty parking lot of Babylon lane beside a cheap look american sedan . 9 int . babylon lane 9 theo walk into a empty run-down forty lane bowl alley carry he ball bag . it be dark . the fluorescent light switch on and the pin re- set machine whirr into action . sid and breeze , two shady look guy in a basement - sale suit walk up lane divider towards theo . sid Lane 's close big fellah , league night . Theo I be not here to bowl . sid ( gesture to theo 's bag ) you drag that coconut around for you health , or do you know how to use it ? Theo ( bristle at the challenge ) I be look for somebody . breeze hey , be not I see you on the tour ? sid no , pinhead , he be not here to bowl . Theo I be look for buzz fazeli . sid and Breeze look sideways at each other . breeze fazeli ... I do not know no buzz fazeli . sid what do you want with old man faz ? Theo some unfinish business . sid if you wanna do business in this town , there 's other people around here get more weight than old faz . a lady dwarf walk by . dwarf even sid , evening Breeze . sid even Tina . breeze good luck tonight Tina . Tina open a door and go down some stair . Theo you guy get something go on downstairs ? sid we provide some extracurricular activity for the senior citizen in the community . Theo basement bingo ? Breeze snigger into he hand sid ( smirk ) yeah , basement bingo . breeze lemme see you ball . Breeze grab theo 's bag . Theo let go of my bag . sid sidle around behind theo who try to keep he in sight . breeze ah , come on , lemme see you ball . sid you afraid we be gonna steal it ? Breeze unzip the bag and pull the ball out . theo 's temper be rise , he breathes deeply . he be obviously make a herculean effort to keep himself in check . Theo I say , let go of my bag . with lightning speed theo 's hand shoot out and grab the middle finger on sid 's right hand . sid howl in agony . sid aagh ! stop ! that be my bowl finger ! Theo tell you little pal to let go . sid Breeze , give he he ball back ! Breeze , astonished , drop theo 's ball into the bag . sid cringe in front of theo . Theo where can I find buzz fazeli ? breeze whoa , cool you maple . over the bridge , past the Peter Pan , last house on the dead end . theo release sid 's hand . sid drop to he knee and cradle he damage hand . breeze have not see a ball like that since ' 69 . Theo it belong to my dad . theo turn and walk out . 10 ext . wood - night 10 junior , a dumpy man in he late thirty with a rat tail , bad skin and wear a white straitjacket and fluorescent orange pants , run desperately through dark wood . bloodhound bark in the distance . 11 ext . road - night 11 theo drive over the draw - bridge and past the Peter Pan diner with its huge neon sign . 12 ext . dead end STREET 12 theo 's car pull up in front of a modest suburban house . a rooftop weather vane in the shape of a bowler creak ominously in the wind . 13 ext . buz house 13 theo ring the doorbell . the porch light come on , and millie , a fifty - five year - old woman dress for a night on the town in reno , but with fuzzy slipper and a hairnet , open the door . a miniscule neurotic poodle leap at theo 's bowl ball bag , yapping and snap at it . Theo be Mr. fazeli in please ? millie who want to know ? ( to dog ) Zeus ! Theo I be a bowler . millie I be sick of you people . why do not you leave he be ? buzz ( os ) let he in , millie . and do not frisk he . 14 int . buz house , live room 14 millie and theo , with Zeus hot on he trail , enter the room . buzz fazeli , a sixty - five year - old man shape a lot like a compress bowl pin , slouches in a recliner . the room be decorate with trophy of buzz 's bygone pro-bowling halcyon day . millie oh sure . let everyone in . from now on I leave the door wide open . let the parade begin ! buzz clam it ! millie be silent . buzz get up and approach Zeus . buzz hey , rat . c'mere . Zeus growl at buzz as he come nearer , then clamp onto he sleeve and hang from he arm , growl ferociously . in one smooth motion , buzz fling the rabid poodle through a open window and into the night . millie jerk . she head outside . buzz sit down . theo sit on the edge of the couch . buzz put out he hand . theo shake it . buzz buzz fazeli . Theo theo . buzz I know you face , you be a up - and -comer . you bowl on the tour . Theo I be not on the tour this year . buzz ( nod understandingly ) need some advice , huh . Theo well , Mr. fazeli , the bowl Congress say I be a thorn in they side . buzz ( dismissive wave ) do not worry about the Congress , they be just a bunch of moralistic busy - body . 15 ext . theo's car 15 millie 's furry slipper protrude from the driver 's side door . Zeus chew furiously on the yellow plastic ' bowler on board ' sign . she rifle through the content of the overstuff glove compartment . she notice she dog . millie ( under she breath ) get that outta you mouth ! 16 int . buz house , live room 16 Theo they suspend I . buzz why would they suspend you ? theo 's eye glaze over , the light in the room dim , and buzz seem to recede into the far distance . 17 tv screen - flashback 17 in ultra-slow scan we see a image of two bowler , one be smile cockily to off - screen fan and wave , the other be theo , he face fill with hate , wind up to smash the other man in the head with he bowl ball . Theo ( vo ) it be not really my fault . in the far background the hollow booming voice of a judge deliver sentence . judge ( vo ) the american bowl Congress hereby suspend theo maynard Skinner from all professional bowl activity within the jurisdiction of the american bowl Congress and its international co - signer ... the ball mash into the smirk man head , cause it to snap forward . the judge 's gavel bang and the crowd roar . 18 int . buz house , live room 18 theo snap out of it , the room light come up , and buzz lean in . buzz I get suspend when I be young , too . I be pretty cocky in my day . Theo they suspend I for 100 year . buzz 100 year ! ( knit he brow ) Theo I can appeal in five . I be hope you could help I Mr. fazeli . buzz ( uneasy ) what do you think I can do ? Theo ( sweat slightly ) I need a sponsor to get my sanction card back . where I come from , you be the king . buzz sure , around here , any fat old bald guy could be king . I be nothing . it would not do any good for I to talk to the Congress . ( briskly change subject ) hey , you thirsty ? you like orange whip ? Theo I have never have orange whip , I be from akron . CUT to : 19 int . buz house , kitchen 19 millie and buzz be in the kitchen , talk in loud whisper . millie fill a blender while buzz cut orange . millie he 's the guy buzz . buzz he 's not the guy , millie . just whip the whip . millie I look in he car . he 's get picture of you , clipping , map . buzz bowler do not go around kill other bowler . he 's only a fan , millie . I will give he some tip and a autograph and he 's outta here . millie you be in trouble , be not you buzz ? you be do something dangerous in that alley . buzz millie , I know what I be do . millie we should leave this town . I can not take this anymore . I be not gonna let he kill you in my house . 20 int . buz house , live room 20 buzz rejoin theo in the live room . Theo remember the final in akron in ' 59 ? you have a seven-ten split in the final frame . buzz yeah , against that prick vandemark . Theo ten thousand to one , but you peg it . the toughest shot on the last frame . buzz that game be before you be bear . Theo my mom be there . she tell I about it . the ' fazeli Split . ' 21 int . buz house , kitchen 21 the blender be wail at high speed as millie throw in a whole box of laxative , a can of drano and a jar of pill . her hand be tremble . 22 int . buz house , live room 22 millie walk into the live room with a silver tray hold two orange whip ; one thick and deadly , the other thin and safe . there be laughter come from both man . buzz and the irony be , thirty year later , that prick be bowl in the senior on tv all over the world , and look at I . ah well . the doc make I stop , on account of my ticker . ( tap he chest ) I do not really miss it , but then ... ( choke up ) ... I miss it . he spy millie approach with the tray . buzz Orange whip , nectar of the bowl god . thanks sweetie . millie turn the tray so that buzz take the untaint whip . theo take the other glass . Theo thanks . zeus Zeus be on the sofa , growling and tug at theo 's bowl bag . the bag rip apart and the ball hit the floor . orange whip theo bring the drink to he lip . the ball roll across the room . buzz the ball roll into buzz 's foot . buzz this you lucky bullet ? buzz pick it up and read the write on the ball . he snap a look into the kitchen , see the empty drano and laxative carton . buzz slam the drink away from theo 's lip . the drink explode across the room . buzz be up on he foot . buzz ( with intensity ) where would you get this ball ? Theo ( stunne - look at the mess on the floor , then at buzz ) it 's mine . buzz who give it to you ? Theo Grace Skinner . buzz ( astonished ) Grace Skinner . who 's Grace Skinner to you ? Theo she 's my mom . theo stand and take the ball from buzz 's hand . buzz be in shock , stare at theo . buzz ( regain he voice ) who be you ? who send you here ? Theo I be you son . you be a hard father to find . millie Son ? buzz ( to millie ) millie , please . ( to theo ) I do not have a son . I think you better leave now young man . buzz gesture towards the front door . Theo ( calmly ) Grace Skinner fazeli , you must remember she ? buzz take theo by the elbow to eject he from the house . buzz I do not know no Grace Skinner . Theo ( pull he arm away ) you know she . you marry she in 1963 . millie married ? buzz grab a large bowl trophy and wave it at theo . buzz you be a bullshit artist , that 's what you be . you get no right to be here ! theo yank the trophy away from buzz . Theo I get a right . you be my father . buzz I be not nobody 's father ! theo hurl the trophy at buzz . he duck and the trophy sail into a large glass trophy case . Broken glass and trophy fly everywhere . millie ( notice Zeus ) zeus ! Zeus be laid out cold near the spill orange whip on the live room floor . millie hunch over she comatose poodle . millie my poor baby ! buzz ( to theo ) you see what you do ? ( he pick up the ball ) take you ball and get out . theo take the ball and exit the house . 23 ext . bridge - night 23 theo , bath in sweat , practice he release form with obsessive determination . he be alone near the empty bridge . Sheila spy on he from behind the bridge control booth . theo take a long slug from a bottle of liquor . he hear a motor scooter start and roar off into the night . 24 int . 7 - eleven - day 24 theo stand at the self - serve island sip coffee . a muzak cover of ' raindrop keep falling on my head ' plays . Theo ( resignedly ) 99 year , 241 day , ( look at he watch ) 15 hour , and 20 minute of no bowl . alfie shuffles up to the self - serve island and begin wiping it down . alfie find you bowler ? Theo yeah , but it do not go so good . he be not the man I think he would be . theo be try to affix the lid on he cup , but he hand be tremble , spilling some of the coffee . alfie my father use to say to I " never ... " no , hmmm . " always ... " no , no ... ( puzzle ) ah ! Love and hate be blood relation . Theo maybe I should have leave the ball in the car . 25 ext . buz house - day 25 millie kneel on the front lawn patting dirt down on a little grave mark by a wooden cross . theo walk up . millie he 's not here . Theo I be sorry about Zeus , millie . millie ( point to grave ) this be a sign ! someone 's come to take buzz away from I . I do not know if you be the guy or what , but I be not let it happen . I be leave he first . Theo I could not kill buzz . I need he help . theo help millie load suitcase into the trunk of she car . millie buzz fazeli never help anybody but himself . Theo he 's my father , millie . millie he 's no father to you . theo lift a box full of new bowl pin into the trunk . millie careful with that one . he will not tell I anything , but I know there 's something strange go on over at the lane . if you ask I , I would say the old fart want to die . Theo where can I find he ? millie ( look at she watch ) the Peter Pan . millie get into the car . millie you tell buzz I go to my sister 's in ronkonkoma . oh , I be sorry about try to kill you last night , theo . it be nothing personal . millie put on a pair of sunglass and patch out in a cloud of gravel and dust . 26 int . peter pan diner - day 26 a blender whirr . Sheila , in she waitress uniform , carefully chop something . she watch a indoor motocross rally on the diner 's color tv . 12 - pack , a hefty construction worker , sit at the counter . 12-pack hey Sheila , how 's that orange whip comin' ? sheila ( mimick he under she breath ) how 's that orange whip comin' ? thwap ! Sheila be dismember a Ken doll with a big knife . she scoops the part into the blender and switch from purŽe to frappŽ . 12-pack so , I hear junior bust out again ? Sheila put the glass down in front of 12 - pack with a thunk . 12 - pack hey Sheila , you can whip my orange anytime . Sheila put a barbie head earring on she leave ear . buzz come into the diner and slide into a booth . Sheila walk over with a pot of coffee . sheila Cup of joe Mr. fazeli ? buzz yeah , and make it extra muddy , I do not sleep a zee last night . Sheila fill a cup . buzz lift it to he mouth , he hand tremble . sheila you do not need coffee , Mr. fazeli ; you need a vacation . Sheila catch sight of theo pull into the parking lot . she put a Ken head earring in she right ear . buzz follow Sheila 's gaze . buzz ( groan ) some people will do anything for a autograph . theo enter the diner and walk over to buzz . Theo millie leave to stay with she sister in ronkonkoma . buzz you know what a mixer ball be ? it 's like you , you come out of nowhere and upset thing , scatter everything all over . buzz grumpily wave at he to sit . Theo what be you do over at the lane that 's so dangerous , buzz ? buzz you should not listen to she , she 's a nervous old nellie . Theo she think someone 's try to kill you . buzz I could not pay someone enough to try to kill I . Sheila come over to take they order . buzz I will have my usual please , Sheila . sheila buzz Burger , side of ' cue . you have not introduce I to you fan . buzz Sheila , meet ...uh ... ( lean in to theo , sardonically ) I forget the name . Theo ( uncomfortably ) theo . buzz theo ! this be Sheila kastle , my partner 's daughter . sheila ( eyeing theo up and down ) you look like you be something on the lane . buzz theo 's bowl on the tour . sheila oh , a professional man . what will you have ? Theo what 's you specialty ? sheila whip ... orange whip . Theo then I will have the number four with one of you finest whip . sheila how do you want it ? ( they eye meet ) the egg . Theo ( discomfite at the blatant double entendre ) uh...over easy . sheila come right up . Sheila smile and walk away . theo watch she slink behind the counter . buzz watch out for that one . she 's get a great average , but she 's look for a prince . and , believe I , she 's ( more ) buzz kiss a lotta tadpole . ( look theo in the eye ) listen , I be think about you problem . I be not the guy to sponsor you . it would be unethical . but , there be something I could do for you . ( lean in , secretively ) putt-putt golf . Theo putt-putt golf ? buzz pull a golf ball from he pocket , flash it and slip it back . buzz it 's the next level , the next dimension ... ( deep conviction ) ... the small ball . Theo ( in buzz 's spell ) the small ball . buzz it 's gonna be bigger than big . think Europe . think Asia . they do not have room for real golf course in Japan . Theo ( snap out of it ) not for I . miniature golf 's for pansy . buzz if the japanese be pansy , then pansy be my kind of people . Sheila step over to the booth with they food . the buzz Burger have three hole cut in the middle to make it look like a bowl ball . buzz see the two sleazeballs park they car and walk towards the diner . Theo ( ponder the think ) maybe I could bowl in Japan . buzz stand up abruptly . buzz I gotta wash up . buzz head for the rest room . the door open with a jingle . sid Three whip . to go . breeze when you get a chance . sid and Breeze walk over to theo 's booth and slide in . sid 's middle finger be tape to a aluminum splint . the blender kick into action . buzz watch the group from the bathroom hall and try to catch the conversation . breeze hey , you still here ? sid we be look for buzz fazeli , see he ? Theo I do not know no buzz fazeli . breeze look sid , a buzz Burger . the faz 's favorite lunch . sid reach for the plate . buzz walk over to the booth and pull he burger away from sid . buzz get away from that burger . breeze sorry faz , we do not know you be here . sid buzz , Mr. kastle want to talk to you . breeze ( to theo and buzz ) be you guy brudda ? the booth party be silent for a moment . theo laugh . buzz no , we be not brother . sid you know why we call he Breeze ? sid put a hand near breeze leave ear and blow into Breeze 's right ear . he make flutter motion with he hand as if wind be hit it . Breeze 's face break into a smile as he push sid away . breeze hey , cut it out sid , that tickle . I be serious ! you guy be related , right ? Theo he 's my dad . buzz flash a warning glare to theo . sid grab some of buzz 's french fries . buzz ( slapping he hand ) get you own . breeze see that , toldja sid . I know I see a resemblance . buzz why do not you clown get you whip and get lose . sid look , faz , Mr. kastle be not he usual charismatic self today when he tell we to tell you ... ( gaze artfully upwards and rub he chin ) what be that he say ...? breeze I remember , sid ! Mr. kastle say he do not like no sticky finger in the till . sid ( exasperate ) pinhead ! do not just blurt it right out . Sheila come over and plunk down the three whip - to-go . breeze ( to Sheila ) you pop say to put this on he tab . sid get up and jerk he thumb towards the door . sid so buzz , let 's skedaddle . Mr. kastle be wait . as buzz get up , theo rise and step between he father and the two sleazeballs . Theo I be come with you . sid shy away from theo , protect he hand . buzz easy . I get business to do , theo . I will come back and haunt you later . ( drop a twenty on the table , pat theo 's cheek ) do not say I never give you nothing . buzz go outside with a sleazeball on either side . Sheila take the twenty dollar bill . theo grab he jacket and make for the door . Theo ( to Sheila ) do that two work for you dad or mine ? sheila mine , and they never tip . the sleazeballs hustle buzz into the front seat of they car and patch out . Theo do you know where they be take he ? sheila yeah , Babylon . buzz run the lane there for my dad . everybody who have anything to do with bowl in this town answer to my dad . theo split . 27 ext . wood - day 27 junior be run at breakneck speed through the thick brush . bloodhound bark . junior slow down and drop to he knee , gasp for breath . he look up to the sky . the camera push up to he sweaty , torture face . junior ( shriek ) sheila ! 28 int . babylon lane , buz office 28 mile kastle lounge in a cheap chair behind buzz 's desk toy with one of that motorize wire balance sculpture they have in airport souvenir concession . he be a carefully groom middle - age low - budget version of Hugh hefner in a acrylic sweatsuit with ' mile ' o' lane ' embroider on the front . sid and Breeze push buzz into the room . buzz be poker face . kastle buzz . buzz nod . kastle ( to Breeze ) you get my whip ? Breeze pull the third whip out of a bag and give it to he . kastle ( motion to sid and Breeze ) lose yourselves . sid and Breeze leave the room . buzz go to a locker and begin change into a flashy mc outfit . buzz what 's on you mind , mile ? kastle we have be partner a long time now , have not we buzz ? buzz Seven year . kastle poke a straw into the whip and take a long drag . kastle this scam we get go here be you ( more ) kastle brainstorm , buzz . I admit , I think it be a rotten idea , but I put up the scratch . ( pull a smile ) and now we get a beautiful thing . buzz it 's a beautiful thing . kastle a beautiful thing . and you know why buzz ? you know what we get ? buzz raise a eyebrow as he button he shirt . mile we get balance . kastle flick the little wire man . it bob and sway . kastle a partnership be a very delicate balance . but let 's say something tip the scale , maybe one partner take more than he share , then ... kastle tip the wire man off he perch . the little motor squeal pathetically . kastle ... oop . we get no more balance . buzz look on with narrow eye as he adjust he cravat . kastle and look at that ; both partner go down together . kastle shove the sculpture onto the floor , stand up , and crush it under he heel . he go over and put he arm around buzz . kastle simple math , buzz . ( he hold up he finger ) two plus two do not equal three . buzz mile , I have always be on the square with you . kastle I be sure you have buzz . buzz wish I luck . buzz jog out into a spotlight . kastle break a leg ... ( sneer ) ...partner . 29 int . dwarf bowling alley 29 applause erupt as buzz appear in the spotlight . the dwarf bowl alley be a pungently smoke - fill room people with shady , wash - up bowler sit in chair behind a bowl lane . the old - timer be shouting and pound shot . buzz ( over the PA ) greeting , lady , gentleman . ( the place grow silent ) my dentist tell I this one the other day : how many bowler do it take to screw in a lightbulb ? audience how many ? buzz it take three bowler to screw in a lightbulb . one to hold the bulb , one to turn the ladder , and one to hold they ball . thank you , thank you . just throw money . CUT to : 30 ext . babylon lane - evening 30 theo drive through the full parking lot of Babylon lane . he pull around the back and see dark figure slip into a back door . he park he car , walk over to the now close door . it 's lock . theo find another entrance and sneak in . he creep he way through the darken alley towards the sound of raucous party . buzz ( os ) welcome to buzz fazeli 's dwarf bowl , folk , where we bring you the finest in specialize bowl entertainment . theo's Pov through a crack in a door theo can see buzz stand in the spotlight . buzz I would like to draw you attention to the top of the lane . ( a casio drum roll plays ) weigh in at sixty - nine pound and stand exactly three foot - the diminutive dominatrix teeny weenie Tina the terrible ! the crowd cheer as the spotlight move to Tina , a mask lady dwarf dude up in a combination black leather and cowhide western style s&amp ; m outfit . she crack a whip and leer at the bowler . they howl with excitement . buzz do not be shy , folk ! Tina strap into she customize skateboard . a drunken customer fork over a wad of bill , step up and grab hold of the mini-human projectile . buzz and - bowl 'er ! Tina be hurl head - first towards the pin . the crowd go wild . tina's Pov the camera track low behind Tina as she crash into the pin . 31 int . babylon lane , bathroom 31 theo sneak into a empty bathroom . he hear voice and duck into a stall . sid and Breeze shove buzz into the room . sid seem to I like you be not get much choice buzz . sid shove buzz over to Breeze , Breeze shove he back . breeze you be between mile kastle and a hard place . buzz aaay , hand off the tux ! sid check under the stall , see theo 's foot and whip open the door . sid the busyboy ! sid yank theo out . Theo get you hand off I , you moron . theo try to free himself from sid 's grip . he turn to buzz . Theo what the fuck be this ? buzz what 's it look like to you ? Theo it look like dwarf bowl . sid very good , busyboy . Theo ( with intensity ) dwarf bowl 's illegal . sid ( sarcastically ) what be you gonna do , call the bowl police ? breeze heh , heh , heh . Theo you say it would be unethical to help I . you call dwarf bowl ethical ! buzz I do what I gotta do to survive . Theo you have no right to call yourself a bowler . buzz slap theo in the face . buzz I be more of a bowler than you will ever be . I deal with my own shit . I be not ask anyone to bail I out . Theo I be you blood . buzz you wish ! theo push buzz up against a stack of box full of new bowl pin . sid and Breeze hover behind they . Theo you know she be pregnant . buzz reach inside a box and pull out a pin . he wave it threateningly at theo . buzz what make you so sure it be I ? she coulda have lotsa bowler ! theo rush buzz and grab he arm . the two man struggle for the pin . Theo do not say that about my mom ! buzz I have a career . she want a little bowler of she own . sid and Breeze leap into the fray , pry the two man apart . they wrestle theo against a wall , press he face into the tile . Theo fuck you and fuck bowl . buzz that 's a laugh . you be all strung out . you be a bowl junkie . Theo I do not need the stinking pro-tour . buzz you be dead without the pro-tour , and you know it . get he away from I . sid and Breeze punch theo in the face . dissolve to : 32 dwarf bowling alley 32 theo be drag through the dwarf alley crowd . he have blood on he face . half daze , he look up at all the distort leer face that peer down at he . the crowd cat-call and laugh at theo . 33 ext . babylon lane , parking lot - evening 33 theo be throw onto the asphalt . sid kick theo . sid you shoulda take we advice , busyboy . 34 ext . peter pan diner - day 34 theo sit in he park car outside the Peter Pan diner . squint in the bright light , he examine the cut on he face in the sideview mirror . he be look scruffier . he see Sheila come out of the diner , start she scooter , and pull out into traffic . he follow she . 35 ext . bridge 35 he follow the vespa at a discreet distance as Sheila drive over the bridge . the weather be windy and threaten . Thunder rumble . 36 ext . mile ' o' lane 36 theo pull in next to Sheila 's scooter under the big neon sign for mile ' o' lane bowl Center . with a huge clap of thunder and the SOUND of fall pin , the sky release a pound downpour . 37 ken and barbie , macro c.u. 37 Sheila 's vespa be park in the handicapped space . the doll be wire to the headset of the scooter . large droplet of rain roll down they face . 38 int . mile ' o' lane 38 theo walk into a ultramodern eighty - lane bowl center , bowl bag in hand . a huge banner read ' mother and daughter bowl free tonight ! ' the entire place be fill with pair of mom and they daughter - bowl away in match bowl attire . a three year - old girl stand stare at theo . Theo hello . little girl waaaaaaaaah ! a mom grab the little girl and whisk she away . theo survey the alley and catch sight of Sheila bowl at the far end of the alley . 39 lane , sheila &amp ; luna 39 Sheila bowl with luna , a 30 - ish black guy dress in a mile ' o' lane jumpsuit and wear extension in he hair . Sheila prod she friend when she see theo . sheila luna , that 's the guy . I see he do this spooky bowl rain dance on the bridge . luna typical . theo walk over . Sheila present theo with she ball . sheila here theo , it 's the fazeli specialty ; a seven-ten split . theo look down the lane and see the two pin stand . Theo I be not here to - I can not ... Sheila can not release the ball from theo 's now - paralytic grip . sheila ( know nod ) bowl block . 40 int . mile kastle's office 40 kastle , sid , and Breeze stare at a bank of video monitor , they face illuminate by the screen . breeze think he will bowl it ? kastle Nah , he will not do it . sid weird , come into alley and do not bowl . kastle it 's not a " alley " . I hate when people call it a " bowl alley " , it 's so common ! I prefer " bowl Center " . breeze what 's this guy here for , anyway ? kastle maybe he 's here to pay he last respects . sid someone gonna get kack , boss ? kastle if I find out buzz be comin ' up short on dwarf bowl , it 's light out for he and pink slip for you . sid and Breeze look sideways at each other . kastle I hire you rent -a- thug to keep tabs on the faz . I want you all over he like a tent . find out how that little weasel 's rip I off . buzz fazeli 's gonna blow the lid off dwarf bowl ! 41 lane , sheila &amp ; Theo 41 the two of they sit together behind the lane . Theo I come here to have a word with you dad . sheila what do you want with my dad ? Theo Business . sheila wo not you father help you with that ? Theo ( shake he head ) have a legend for a dad be not all it 's crack up to be . sheila you dad 's one of the only nice people in this fuck town . my dad be slime . kastle walk over . theo stand up and shake kastle 's proffer hand . kastle so you be buzz 's boy . I have be expect you . you hurt my feeling when you do not come and see I sooner . Theo you know who I be ? kastle nobody stick a finger into a bowl ball in this town without mile kastle know about it . you do not mind if I have a word with theo , do you bunny ? kastle take theo by the elbow and pull he away . kastle I hear you have be have a little trouble with the Congress . ( wave at a mother / daughter couple ) theo pull he eye off Sheila . kastle walk theo past pair of bowler . Theo you might say I be at the top of they shit list . kastle maybe I can help you . ( call to a young bowler ) try a lighter ball , penelope - you will get hurt with that big ball , honey . ( to theo ) I have see tape of you bowl on the circuit . you get fazeli blood run through you . you pop be a genuine talent in he day . Theo what 's with the bad air between you two , Mr. kastle ? kastle ( dismissive gesture ) it 's nothing , just a slight business imbalance . ( to a seat mother ) how 's gloria 's thumb ? mother ( oc ) the blister 's worse than last week . kastle no pain , no gain ! keep try the ice . Chin up , sweetie . ( turn to theo ) this place be a bowl oasis . Theo it 's very ... clean . they pause and kastle wave to some bowler . mrs . jackson ( oc ) hello , mr.kastle . kastle hello , violet . how 's my favorite ' bowlerina ' do ? mrs . jackson ( oc ) 132 , 154 . kastle you keep that up carmelita and one day you will be a champion just like Mr. Skinner here . what do you think , theo ? think carmelita 's get the stuff ? Theo that 's some pinfall . almost a 133 average . her ball 's flat , she need to work on she spin control . kastle that 's right , do not you have a slight control problem in a recent tournament , champ ? ( to carmelita ) now go take out you " big four " , darling . ( to theo ) come on , we be make she nervous . they continue walk . kastle I get they while they be young . build loyalty . mrs . jackson ( oc ) she hit it , Mr. kastle ! kastle ( wave over he shoulder ) four or five year when a girl like that 's bowl on the pro tour for team kastle , she will pay a handsome profit on my investment . Theo and the dwarf bowl ? they stop , and kastle pull theo over to a enormous aquarium near the lounge . kastle ( make sweeping gesture ) think of this business like a big aquarium . you gotta have some shark to eat the dirt at the bottom so the guppy can swim free at the top . ( more ) kastle profit down there , philanthropy up here . ( look at theo ) besides , it beat the pants off bingo . Theo Nice set-up . kastle if it spring a leak , it will be because buzz be make wave . Theo what if he want to get out ? kastle ( chuckle ) he 's earn a early retirement . ( spray he mouth with binaca ) but enough about loser ; buzz fazeli be history . let talk about you future . ( put he arm around theo ) I wanna show you something . 42 int . mile kastle's office 42 kastle and theo stand in front of the huge bank of video screen . kastle rac. r-a-c. renovate , automate , computerize . that , my boy , be the future . one of the monitor show a little girl bowl . her ball move so slowly it barely tip over the first pin . kastle hit a key and the pin explode in a emphatic strike . the little girl jump with joy . Theo what ever happen to just bowl ? kastle there 's a lot of competition for amusement out there . you gotta adapt to survive . Theo I like the sport the way it be . kastle a guy like you could breathe some fire into bowl . you get ambition like a... like a... blowtorch . you go for what you want and anything that get in you way - pssshht ! - shish kebab . ( put he arm around theo ) maybe lady fate wash you up on my doorstep for you own good . ( pause for effect ) I think I could help you , theo . Theo ( he 's be wait for this ) how Mr. kastle ? kastle you need a sponsor ; I have influence . I could sponsor you . Theo why would you help I ? kastle I like you , theo . you bowl with soul . kastle turn to he video screen . kastle but , now that you mention it , you could afford I one minor dispensation . theo follow he gaze to the screen . kastle while you be in town , I need you to keep a eye on my daughter for a couple of day . her big brother break out of the mental hospital ... theo 's eye glaze over , the light in the office dim , and kastle seem to recede into the far distance . 43 Theo be Pov - nightmare 43 as run footstep be hear , the camera whizze down a darken alley towards the pin . kastle ( os ) ... and I want someone watch out for Sheila while he 's , uh , loose . 44 ext . wood - nightmare 44 the heel of junior 's run foot . kastle ( os ) junior 's a problem child . he have a thing about - junior ( wail ) sheila ! 45 int . mile kastle's office 45 theo snap out of it , the room light come up , and kastle point to she image on the tv screen . Sheila turn and look up at the video camera . theo and Sheila 's eye seem to meet . theo freeze for a moment . Theo I could do that . as the two man shake hand , Sheila " flip the bird " to the camera . kastle one thing , ( point to theo 's mid - section ) keep the meat in the freezer . CUT to : 46 ext . highway - early evening 46 theo and Sheila blast along the dark roadway on she vespa , theo sit behind Sheila . Theo ( shouting above the engine ) this be a vicious cycle . sheila I think that a motorbike be one of the last really free thing that people can do . Theo be not this technically a scooter ? sheila when I be on my bike I feel like a wild person . ( she look sideways at theo ) better than any sex I have ever have . Theo kinda tough on the butt . sheila everything have it 's drawback . Theo where do you brother escape from ? sheila the mental hospital . Theo what do he do ? sheila he follow I , he try to have sex with I , and then they send he to the nut - hut for a while and then he get out and then he follow I , he try to have sex with I , they send he to the nut - hut for a while ... Theo whoa . sheila it 's a vicious cycle . CUT to : 47 ext . parking field 47 Sheila and theo motor across a empty beach parking field towards a lone station wagon . swing -a-delic music drift from the park vehicle . 47 ext . station wagon 47 Sheila pull up beside the wagon . she lead theo towards a group of party people at the tailgate of the car ; three white woman , three white man and luna . luna pull a rubber hookah hose out of he mouth and offer it to theo . luna hookah ? Theo no thanks , I do not hookah . luna theo , you ever do the ' swing ' ? theo shake he head . sheila this guy all work at the alley , too . this be John , Susan , jon , Suzanne , Jonathan , and sue. everyone welcome theo and Sheila . luna ( scream ) dance break ! luna throw himself into a wild body - whip as the music throbs massively . ext . dance luna and Sheila do a wild jitterbug - derive swing -a- delic dance surround by weaving white folk . ext . barbecue one of the guy be on crutch , have a neck brace , a chest cast , and one arm in a truss . he stand by the barbecue and flip burger with he one free hand . theo walk over to he . guy hey man , howyadoin ' ? he wiggle he hand out of the end of he cast . theo shake he finger . Theo do not tell I , John . JOHN cool ! Theo theo. howzitgoin . JOHN hey man , welcome to we parking lot . lemme give you some advice , if she ask you to dance , make sure she brother 's not around . somebody blow out junior 's pilot light , if you get my meaning . Theo how 's that ? JOHN I be do the lambada with she and the guy freak , he break my arm , try to kill I . I swear man , the guy think I be a pi–ata . if nobody else have not a be there , he would not have stop . he woulda kill I . fuckin ' guy man , just snap . how do you like you burger ? Theo ( meet eye with Sheila ) uh...over easy . JOHN ( throw a blacken burger on theo 's styrofoam plate ) I will tell you one thing , you will not see I around that alley with that freak on the loose . stay away from he ass - and do not play any of he fuckin ' knock - knock joke . luna come over to theo and grab he . they start to dance . luna Sheila want I to show you a few step before you two swing - a-delic . Theo ( uneasily ) so , you be the pinman around here ? luna ... and one , and two , and yes , I be . but no one get they work like junior use to ... and two , and one .. - they call he the ' quasimodo of the lane . ' he 's the best pinman there be .. and one and two ... people use to say he get the machine work so well ' cause he lubricate they with blood ... and two , and one ... but people just love say thing about junior . sheila mind if I cut in ? Theo no , not at all . ext . dance theo pull out he resin bag , powder up he hand , and go for Sheila . theo and Sheila get low and nasty on the tarmac . Sheila turn and do the freak to theo , rub she rear end into he crotch . as theo and Sheila dance over near John he make a throat slitting gesture across he neck . theo 's hand leave white print on Sheila 's butt . the swing -a-delic funk so hard it cause spontaneous audience dance riot and structural damage in theater across the country . sheila you and you sideburn be the talk of the party , theo . Theo the lady in akron call they thigh - tickler . sheila can I ask you something personal ? Theo I would rather you do not . sheila do you have a girlfriend ? Theo not while I be in training . sheila do you have a boyfriend ? Theo ( surprised ) no. do you ? sheila no . not at the present . ext . parking field - night Sheila and theo toast marshmallow over the barbecue as the rest of the party dance in the background . Theo so this brother of yours be hazardous to the health of you date ? sheila nobody in this town really understand junior . when I go to family session for he I realize he be the sanest one in the family . actually , he 's the only one in this whole fuck town who know exactly who he be and what he want . Theo unfortunately what he want be you . sheila so , what about you ? Theo do I want you ? sheila we will get into that later . CUT to : 48 int . mile kastle's office 48 alone , kastle stare at the bank of video monitor and run a battery power fuzzball remover around he collar . the monitor be desert . mile absently pan a camera over and then sit bolt upright . on the screen he can see buzz fazeli , in a room at Babylon lane , surround by large pile of cash , stuff roll of bill into hollow bowl pin . kastle ( with rise anger ) why that filthy , slimey , double - crossing , misbegotten , two -face , mangy , son-of - a - bitch bastard ! the motor in the fuzz ball remover shriek as mile squeeze it to death . it shatter in he hand . 49 ext . parking field - night 49 theo and Sheila lie on the roof of the station wagon . " Devil with the Blue dress " by Shorty Long play on the stereo . the rest of the party throw marshmallow at each other in the distance . sheila theo , what would you do if you could not bowl ? Theo I do not know . it 's all I ever want to do . sheila I want to be a motocross champion . my folk do not really care what I do . then junior blow a fuse and I become they last hope . most girl get ballet stuff down they throat , I get bowl . I never understand how anyone could take it so seriously . I hope I be not insulting you . Theo no , I be fascinate . sheila why be you suspend ? Theo I use to be kind of wild . they use to call I the bad boy of bowl . sheila so you be hope buzz can get you be - instate ? Theo well , that be plan A. sheila what 's plan b? Theo plan B be you dad . sheila what do you think my dad 's gonna do for you ? Theo he say he would sponsor I . sheila ha ! and what do you have to do for he ? Theo nothing . sheila oh really ? nothing ? my dad do not do anything unless there 's something in it for he . Theo he ask I to keep a eye on you for a couple of day . sheila what ? be my body guard ? ( she laugh ) here 's my body , theo. Guard it . for my dad 's sake . for you career . Sheila start to unbutton she bowl shirt . Theo Sheila , please . sheila come on theo , what about plan C ? Theo ( look worried ) what 's plan C ? sheila plan C ... ( open she shirt , show off she brassiere ) ... be I . Sheila take theo 's nervous hand and place they inside she shirt . Theo ( tear ) look , Sheila , I really like you but ... Sheila roll on top of he , and plant a hickey on he neck . Theo ( stop she ) forget it , Sheila . 50 int . mile ' o' lane 50 kastle hurry through the darken bowl alley . he stop short as a warning alarm begin to sound from somewhere deep within the building . Lane six light up and come to life . kastle walk slowly forward . kastle junior ? be that you , junior ? do not be afraid . where be you ? I will not hurt you . int . machinery galley kastle stealthily sneak along beside row upon row of silent pin reset machine shine a flashlight in front of he . kastle come on , junior . everyone 's wait for you , son . the beam of light catch junior 's face . he be crouch inside the machine at lane six . Jr. his face be cut and bleed and he straitjacket tear and filthy . junior need lubrication . lubrication . kastle we be have a party for you , boy . cake and shish - k- bob , just like you love . junior cringe away from the light . junior you make I hurt he ! kastle reach into he pocket and pull a gaudy digital wristwatch from he pocket . kastle look what I get for you . he hold the watch up in front of junior . junior look curiously at the watch . kastle happy birthday junior ! the watch begin to play a electronic version of " raindrop keep falling on my head . " junior 's face light up . junior ooooooohhh . kastle begin luring junior out of machine number six with the watch . kastle I have someone for you to play with junior . junior someone want to play with I ? kastle I have someone for you to play blueface with junior . junior blueface ! blueface be my favorite . 51 ext . road , sid &amp ; breeze's car - day 51 Breeze and sid speed down a road in they damage hulk . the tenor of enrico caruso can be hear from inside . 51 int . sid &amp ; breeze's car 51 Breeze drive . sid gaze out the window . enrico caruso wail from the car stereo . sid bowl use to be so pure , so ... all - american . Breeze sing along with caruso and pretend to conduct . breeze La da da dalala ... sid ( look heatedly disturb ) I hate fuckin ' opera . breeze how could you hate opera , sid ? Opera have all the drama and excitement of real life - to music ! sid how do you know , you do not even speak Latin ? breeze you listen to the feeling , not the word . sid you get a 8 - track tape player on purpose , just ' cause you know the only thing they have on 8 - track be fuckin ' opera . breeze it be a clearance . sid seem to calm down . sid ( wistfully ) you know , elvis bowl . breeze no kiddin' . sid bowl be the most incorruptible sport . no megalomillionaire , no ( more ) sid gambling . and it be a safe place for kid , a place where the whole community could meet for some wholesome , clean fun . breeze ( sympathetically ) sure , sid . sid ( become rabid ) but not no more . now people take advantage . bowl be not what it use to be . there 's something evil spread in this sport - like a big , gigantic , puss - ride - breeze ( get excited ) - canker sore . sid ( apoplectic ) right , eat at the core , eat it 's way out . it make I sick ! sid start press button on the tape deck sid how do you turn this thing off ? breeze wait ! that 's a aria ! sid and Breeze struggle for the cassette . the music distort into a warbling gurgle of a aria . sid gimme that ! sid yank the cassette out , but the tape become tangle in the player . he pull at the endless yard of tape and throw the whole mess out the window . 52 ext . peter pan diner - day 52 theo , wear sunglass and dress in a jogging suit similar to mile kastle 's , step out of the diner with a bag contain four orange whip . he go over to he park car . buzz walk up . buzz ( in deadly serious ) theo , I want you to get out of this town . Theo I be get to like it here . buzz do that porcupine say he would get you back on the tour ? Theo I gotta survive . buzz ( shaking he head ) he will be a barnacle on you ass the rest of you life . Theo you get a better offer ? buzz no ... Theo I do not think so . theo take a long drag from he orange whip . buzz not for somebody who hit a man with he ball on national television . Theo ( bitterly ) that 's right , buzz , and you know when I do it ? last match , last frame . all I need be one spare for the crown - and I get stick with the seven-ten , the fazeli Split . buzz you never even take the shot . you could not do it . theo move towards buzz in a threaten manner . Theo ( repress fury in he voice ) I be beat on a shot name after my own dad . the moment pass . theo turn and climb into he car . he look up at buzz . buzz look , kid , gimme a break . I be a old man . ( tap chest ) I be runnin ' on a delrin aorta . I be finish - dead from my ankle up . Theo I could not care less . theo start he car . buzz you know what I think ? you do not come here to find a father . you do not even come here for help . you just come here to take it all out on somebody . well it be not gonna be I ! theo pull out of the parking lot . buzz yell after he . buzz ( at the top of he lung ) I shoulda have my tube tied ! 53 ext . kastle house , garage 53 the kastle home be a huge nouveau riche brady bunch style house with a large deck jutting over the driveway . the door be open on the spacious two car garage . Sheila have the headset of she vespa disassembled . theo walk up the driveway , orange whip in hand . sheila I do not think you new outfit suit you , theo . Theo ( flick dust off the suit ) really ? I kinda like it . he sit nearby . sheila do you talk with you mom ? Theo it 's be awhile . she do not want I look for my dad . sheila my mom tell I not to stay in this town . Theo so why do you stay ? sheila I be a credit card junkie . I go on a binge and my dad bail I out . now I be trap in he easy payment plan . Theo I bet you get to meet a lot of eligible bowler . sheila yeah , but they be all little wannabe . I be look for a professional man . Theo ( he ponder the think ) I may not be a pro bowler , but I be no amateur man . Sheila move closer to theo . sheila ( touch he lip ) how much would you charge I for the lip ? Theo more than you could afford . sheila come on , bargain with I . Theo I could let they go for ten . sheila ( she pull away , slightly ) you professional man drive a hard bargain . I be afraid I only have five on I . Sheila pull out a 5 dollar bill . Theo ( smile ) if you want a professional man , you have to be willing to pay for he . 54 ext . kastle house , deck 54 Sheila and theo stand on the deck . Sheila scan the road lead to the house with binocular . Theo what be you go to do about you brother ? sheila you be here . Theo what about the guy he put in the body cast ? binocular Pov the road be empty sheila momentary relapse . except for that , he 's be make progress . Sheila laugh . theo nervously pull he collar up over the hickey on he neck . sheila junior be like a faithful doggy . he love he birthday so much , that every year , before we can go pick he up ... binocular Pov kastle 's car appear , drive hell - for - leather towards the house . sheila ... he break out of the hospital and come home on he own . here they come . she hand the binocular to theo , who immediately train they on the road . sheila my mom once have a affair . when my dad find out , he have junior kill the man . the body be never find , but I think junior take he to the alley . theo lower the binocular and look at Sheila . Theo then it 's true , be not it ? about ... sheila ... lane six . yes . 55 ext . kastle house , driveway 55 kastle 's car come belly - flopping to a stop in front of the house . kastle climb out and gesticulates wildly to the couple . kastle ( a loud whisper ) he 's here ! come on down ! blackness inside the trunk kastle ( os ) ( muffle ) ok , hat on everybody . sound of the group gather outside can be hear . sheila ( os ) ( muffle ) dad , this be ridiculous . just open it . kastle ( os ) ( muffle ) ssssh ! now real quiet . on three . one ...two ... three ! the lid fly up and kastle , Sheila , and theo stand there , with party hat and party horn in they mouth . they all cheer and throw confetti . everyone surprise ! kastle take a flash snapshot . junior , lie on some fold blanket in the trunk , look at he family with a stunne expression . he be in a straitjacket . junior 's new watch begin to play " raindrop keep falling on my head " . he struggle to pull he arm out , but can not . kastle reach in to untie the straitjacket . kastle steady boy , steady . United , junior press the beeping watch against he ear . his face break into a beatific smile . CUT to : 56 ext . kastle house , picnic table - afternoon 56 kastle pull shish kebab chunks off a skewer . he look down to see that one of the chunks be a melt Ken head . he throw it away in disgust . kastle I bet you do not know that you and junior have something in common , theo : junior can not bowl anymore either . be not that right junior ? kastle slam the ketchup bottle down on junior 's right hand . the table setting jump from the shock . junior sit impassively , he face a blank . kastle see ! no feel . tell theo what happen to you hand , junior . sheila after we eat , dad . kastle he stick it in the ball return machine when he be a kid . crushed all the nerve ending . junior start stroking the ketchup bottle with he dead hand . junior it 's not so bad . when I be alone , it feel like someone else . Sheila grab the bottle from junior , open it and pour some on she shish kebab . she lean over and whisper furiously to she father . sheila do you have to get you hook into every guy I be interested in ? kastle ( whisper back , defensively ) you be just like you mother ! always jealous ! sheila that 's why Mom run away , because you have to control everything ! kastle she run away to be with that ... ( spit out he word ) that motocross champion . junior you turn , theo . why can not you bowl ? Sheila and kastle sit up . Theo I do not like to talk about it . junior you be prone to violent outburst , be not you ? Theo it depend . junior it feel good to let it out , do not it ? Sheila lean over and whisper furiously to she father . sheila you be use theo for you own deviant purpose ! kastle look who 's talk ! sheila leave he alone ! kastle just because you mother sign part ownership of the lane over to you , do not mean you have a right to tell I how to run my business ! I can have my lawyer take that deed away from you like that . ( snap he finger ) Sheila and kastle sit up . kastle junior , how ' bout a riddle ? junior ( turn to Sheila ) Sheila . knock-knock . Sheila glance nervously at theo . junior ( impatiently ) come on Sheila , knock -knock . sheila who 's there ? junior junior . sheila junior who ? junior j'you -and - your-friend do it yet ? ( laugh ) kastle ( laugh ) fantastic ! what talent . sheila ( caustically ) you still get the touch junior . CUT to : 57 ext . kastle house , cake 57 a bowl pin-shape cake with candle ablaze be present to a seat junior . he be wear a paper birthday hat . the four orange whip be array around the table . kastle make a wish , son . junior stare into Sheila 's eye for several second . junior same wish as last year . Sheila blow out the candle in a hurry . sheila it will not come true , junior . kastle place a gift-wrapped box in front of junior and lift the lid . he reach in and pull out a huge , intricate claw - like arm -shape device make of plastic and metal and cover with cable . kastle it 's a bowl claw . you can bowl now , junior . with the whole family . junior beam at the group . kastle ( put one arm around junior and one on theo ) pretty soon everybody can bowl ! the two sleazeballs walk up onto the deck and over to the table . sid hello Mr. kastle . ( nod to seat party ) junior , long time . I think they lock you up and throw away the warden ! breeze be it true they black out the whole county give you electro-shock ? junior look from one man to the other , breathe heavily , he nostril flaring . junior knock , knock . breeze who 's ... sid ( interrupt ) do not do it Breeze ! ( to junior ) you be not get we into that . kastle get up . kastle hey , enough fun and game . we have work to do . come on junior . kastle head for he car . junior get up and follow . the two sleazeballs tarry as theo stand . sid ( to theo ) if junior think you be do the bouncy - bouncy with he sister , he 's gonna tap dance on you spleen . ( poke theo in the side ) breeze ( pull down theo 's collar to reveal the hickey ) with cleat . the two man turn , laugh , and follow kastle . 58 ext . kastle house , driveway 58 kastle huddle with sid and Breeze , Jr. stand nearby fiddling with he new bowl arm . kastle buzz have be move the cash out in hollow bowl pin . sid and Breeze throw sideways glance at each other . sid no ! kastle I want you two to pick up buzz and bring he to lane six . junior will take it from there . junior ( perk up at mention of lane six ) I be gonna play Blue face ! CUT to : 59 ext . babylon lane , parking lot 59 buzz check if the coast be clear and then stuff box of bowl pin into the trunk of he car . CUT to : 60 ext . kastle house , deck 60 theo and kastle stand on the deck watch the sleazeballs put junior into the trunk of they car . kastle light a oversize cigar and hand one to theo . mile champ , as soon as you get back on the tour , we should do a instructional videotape . ' rambowl ' theo Skinner teach power bowl . you on the cover with a flame thrower . kastle light theo 's cigar and they puff away . kastle theo , how would you like to be my new partner ? Theo you already have a partner Mr. kastle . Sheila walk over as the sleazeballs ' car pull out of the driveway . kastle I think buzz be retire soon . in fact , I think he 's retire tonight . kastle pull out a shiny gold credit card and hold it in front of Sheila . kastle here , Bunny . why do not you two go and do something fun tonight , on I . Sheila be lure to the scent of the plastic like a junkie to a fix . kastle one thing , stay away from the lane . if junior see you two together , he will swallow he tongue . she reach for the card and kastle snatch it away from she with a chortle . kastle what do I say ? sheila do not go near the bowl alley . kastle ( enunciate clearly ) bowl " Center " ! kastle hand she the card and head into the house . sheila it would not bother you if buzz be in danger , would it ? Theo nope , I could not care less . sheila I be sure you would not care if he need you help , right ? Theo why should I help that old fuck . sheila ( sarcastically ) yeah , what do buzz fazeli ever do for you ? Theo Zip . sheila and besides , it 's probably too late , anyhow . Theo ( exhaling cigar smoke ) Way too late . buzz fazeli be history . ( go to take another drag , then stop ) too late for what ? she turn away . sheila nothing . Theo too late for what , Sheila ? sheila you know how people with break bone know when there 's a storm come ? Theo you get any break bone ? sheila no , but something 's gonna blow in this town . I can feel it . Theo be you fuck with I Sheila ? be something gonna happen to buzz ? Sheila seem to be try to tell theo , but be unable . sheila ( falter ) I can not tell you , theo . Theo why not ? sheila I see you eye when you hit that guy with you ball on tv . thunder rumble . theo take Sheila by the shoulder . Theo ( gently ) tell I , Sheila . what be you afraid of ? Sheila shake she head . sheila I be afraid you will hurt he . Theo it 's junior , be not it . sheila ( start to cry ) I can not - I can not do it . ( she look up through she tear at theo ) he 's my brother . Theo he 's my father . CUT to : 61 ext . buz house - night 61 sid and Breeze 's car sit in front of buzz 's house . 8 - track opera plays on the car stereo . a man scream and glass smashes . int . buz house p.o.v. shot run desperately through the house , knock thing over , smash thing . we hear buzz scream in terror . the scream be cut off . with a thud , the camera fall over and hit the floor . the golf ball roll slowly into view , and stop . footstep recede , a door slam , and a car drive away . CUT to : 62 ext . mile ' o' lane - night 62 theo and Sheila walk she vespa up to the darken alley . theo be wear he own clothes again . the SOUND of a lone bowler be hear . theo strap on he wristbrace . Sheila pull out key . sheila this open the back door . do not let he catch you behind the machine ; if he do , you be trap . I will meet you at the bridge . theo take the key . Sheila grab he arm . sheila you do not have to do this . we could just cut out of here , go to akron , or anywhere else . Theo ( dislodge she hand gently ) I will be at the bridge . 63 int . mile ' o' lane 63 theo snake he way along the row of pin machine , towards the only light source - lane six . as he lean in to peer through the machine , a ball explode into the pin . junior , wear he elaborate bowl claw , be work himself into a sweaty froth . junior pick up he ball and send it crashing into the pin . Theo knock-knock . junior ( stop and look around ) who 's there ? theo remain silent . junior ( get angry ) who 's there ! Theo buzz fazeli . junior no . I say knock -knock ! you say who 's there . I say who 's there and then you say who who . you be not play right . ( primly ) knock -knock . Theo who 's there ? junior walk towards theo . junior junior . theo remain silent . junior junior ! ( boil ) you be suppose to say junior who ! I be go to have to hurt you . theo and junior circle one another . junior you should not touch she . Theo no , junior , you should not touch she . junior nobody touch she . except I . I touch she . Sheila tell I you play bouncy - bouncy with she . Theo what do you dad tell you to do to buzz ? theo scramble up the lane on hand and knee . junior catch he , grab he ankle . junior he tell I to play Blue - face with buzz . I like game . Theo ( struggle to get away ) what do you do to buzz ? junior you play bouncy - bouncy with Sheila , so I be gonna play Blue - face with you . ( he grab theo 's throat ) Theo ( hoarsely ) I do not want to play . theo stretch to get a nearby ball , but just can not reach it , by millimeter . junior to play , I press my finger on a throat like this ... ( he press tighter on theo 's windpipe ) ... and then the man face would go blue and I should keep press ... ( theo 's face go pale blue ) ... and I do and then he stop move and he do not play anymore after that . theo bend back a finger on junior 's hand . junior let out a howl of pain and release theo 's neck . theo gasp for air . junior you do not play fair . ( stand up ) you be almost blue . theo get he finger in a bowl ball and bring it up to bash junior in the head . junior go ahead theo , I see you on tv . I be you biggest fan . junior offer theo he unprotect head . junior ( yell ) come on theo , give I you autograph ! theo bashes junior in the head with the ball . it bounce off junior 's head like a nerf ball and roll down the alley . junior thank you , Mr. Skinner ! thank you ! theo desperately , but fruitlessly try to get away . as he crawl over the ball return trough , junior put he foot on theo 's head . junior I can have she , you know . ( look around and whisper ) she 's not my real sister . ( he flash a lecherous smile ) theo's Pov a ball pop up at the far end of the return and trundle rapidly towards theo . the ball hit theo 's face with a pow . black out we hear " raindrop keep falling on my head . " theo's bowling shoe attire feet be drag down the lane . theo come to and look down he body to see the empty lane . he look up to see junior pull he towards the pin reset machine . the cut on theo 's forehead bleed down the side of he face . junior ( mutter ) lubrication . machine number 6 junior pull the daze theo into the pin-reset machine and position he under the pin . as junior prepare the machinery , a control cable on he claw become foule . junior begin to thrash about as he try to disentangle himself and he malfunction arm . theo roll away as junior 's flail release the machine . it come slamm down on junior just as theo slip out of harm 's way . he get up and stagger away from the machine . junior 's howl echoe across the lane . his twitching foot protrude from the maw of the device . Lane six go dark . theo limp up the lane . CUT to : 64 ext . bridge 64 theo drive up to the erect draw -bridge . he stop and get out . the night be silent . Theo ( loud whisper ) Sheila ! where be you ? Sheila pop out of the bush and walk towards theo . Theo ( angry ) you tell junior that we do it . sheila it ? Theo it. bouncy -bouncy . fucked . he try to squeeze my fuck head off . what do you say to he ? when they reach each other , they stop . Sheila seem to weigh she answer . sheila I tell he you be my boyfriend . Theo ( very piss off ) what the hell do you go do that for Sheila ? we have not even get naked yet ! sheila we would have sooner or later . Theo oh great ! he try to kill I ! you know he would go off if he think I fool around with you . sheila do you - kill he ? theo pace up and down in front of the upright bridge . Theo how do you get this thing down ? sheila tell I what happen theo . theo back Sheila towards the bridge control booth . Theo ( glare at Sheila ) you want I to kill he , do not you ? sheila ( in shock ) if he 's not dead , he will keep come back . Theo he 's dead Sheila . sheila I feel sick . Theo you should . sheila be you sure he 's dead ? Theo I do not stop to take he pulse . theo boost Sheila up the ladder to the control booth . the hydraulic machinery of the bridge heave into motion and the bridge begin to lower . theo walk over to he car . Sheila jump down from the bridge control booth and follow he . sheila where be you go ? Theo I think you brother may have already get to buzz . he get into he car . sheila can I come with you ? Theo I do you dirty work for you Sheila , now fuck off . theo drive away leave Sheila stand alone . she watch he car recede with a thoughtful expression , then turn on she heel . CUT to : 65 int . theo's car - night 65 theo grip the steering wheel with white knuckle . he nod off at the wheel , the roadway through he eye waver and distorting . he hit himself in the face in a effort to keep himself awake . 66 int . buz house - nightmare 66 the house be dark except for a light come from the close bathroom door . theo cautiously make he way to the door . Theo ( whisper ) buzz ? you alright ? water be run inside . theo twist the doorknob and open the door with a jolt . junior lunge out of the dark , mangle and bloody with bowl pin stick out of he chest . junior do not you knock ? theo slam the door shut . 67 ext . buz house - dawn 67 theo jerk awake . his car be park by the fazeli house . it be a clear , blustery day . a gust of wind pull the screen door open , then slam it shut . he get out of the car and walk unsteadily towards the house . 68 int . buz house , live room 68 theo walk into the house . the place be completely trash . theo pick up a golf ball from the floor . he make he way to the bathroom door and slowly turn the knob ; then pull back . he pick up a nearby bowl ball and hold it over he head as he reach for the doorknob . this time , he thrust the door open . the bathroom be empty . relieved , he cradle the ball in he arm . ball thick crimson red fluid trickle down he forearm , drip off he elbow . horrify , he pull he finger out of the ball . blood stream out of the three finger hole . he drop the ball to the floor . he go into the bathroom and turn on the sink faucet . int . buz house , bathroom Water run as theo manically wash the blood from he hand and arm . he rinse the blood from the hole of he ball and look up to the mirror . " nok nok " be smear in blood across he reflection . 69 ext . 7 - eleven phone booth - day 69 theo wait through several ring . grace hello ? Theo hello , mom ? grace Theodore ? where be you ? be you alright ? Theo I find dad . grace he 's dead , be not he. ( pause ) buzz fazeli might just as well have die before you be bear . Theo Mom , you know I have to do it . I just do it a little too late . grace you sure you be ok teddy ? you be not bowl be you ? Theo I gotta go . Love ya mom . theo hang up the phone . alfie shuffles over . alfie do you hear about that bowler who get smear ? I see they pull a body bag out of the alley . I hear he be kack but good . they have to take apart the pin machine to get he out . Theo ( stunne ) the pin machine ? alfie just like junior do the last time ; lane six . all 's I know be it 's gonna be a close coffin . my advice to you be to lay low . he put on a pair of dark 7 - eleven shade , flip up he collar and skulk away . 70 ext . mile ' o' lane 70 theo pull into the parking lot . the place be cordon off with day - glo yellow emergency tape print with " bowl Police - do not Cross " . a black bowl police van , its blue light spin , be park in front . bowl cop herd dwarf and customer into the van . mother and daughter mill around behind the yellow tape . a group of little people brandish " right to work " sign . theo get out of he car . the crowd move in as kastle , hand cuffed behind he , emerge from the door . little girl there he be ! camera flash pop all over the place . two black - jackete bowl cop step out behind he . they be sid and Breeze . breeze bowl police , step back , give he room . sid nothing go on here , everybody stand back . let he through , lady . lady , please . as they start to move through the female throng , a little girl pop out in front of they , hold she ball . little girl Mr. kastle , we know you would not do anything bad . kastle thank - you , sweetheart . ( turn to Breeze ) see that you pinhead ! character witness . ( with sweeping head gesture ) they be all character witness ! ( he see theo ) thanks to buzz fazeli , bowl be dead in this town ! he kill it ! the two officer hustle kastle towards the van . theo step out in front of he . kastle ( between clench tooth ) you fool , we could have do great thing together ! Theo where 's junior ? kastle he kill you stoolie embezzler father , and he 's gonna kill you next ! sid and Breeze push he towards the van as the crowd 's murmur increase . kastle turn and yell over he shoulder . kastle ( shouting ) lock you daughter up , lady ! junior 's out there ! mother and daughter send out a cacophony of scream and scatter for they car . the BP cop hoist kastle into the back of the van . sid slam the door shut . the van screech off , siren wail . sid and Breeze walk up to theo . breeze sorry about you loss . Theo ( shaking he head ) I should have peg you guy for bowl dick from day one . sid you should probably hit the road . go home . this place could get hazardous for you health . Theo so , buzz be stooling for you guy . sid you call it stooling , we call it cooperate . Breeze look under theo 's car . breeze do you know you be park in the handicap space ? sid kastle 's daughter 's be lookin ' for you . theo get into he car and start the engine . sid and Breeze poke they head in the window . sid she tell we you go after junior to save you old man 's hide . you get some ball goin ' after that psycho . breeze only problem be , you do not put he light out , you just get he mad . then he take it out on poor faz , God rest he soul . theo patch out . sid think he buy it ? breeze I would buy it ! sid chew he lip worriedly . 71 int . theo's car - afternoon 71 theo nod off for a second and then snap back . his eye seem hypnotize by the line on the road which seem to swim and undulate unnaturally . he nod again . and snap again . 72 ext . parking field - twilight 72 theo pull up to the old party spot and get out . he walk over the dune and towards the beach station wagon . a huge flame rise down the beach . a woman be visible in its light , toss object into the fire . theo walk towards she . ext . beach , bonfire Sheila be stripping barbie and Ken doll and toss they onto the pyre . each one go up in a exaggerated whoosh of flame . she notice theo when he step into the light . sheila once my father walk in on I while I be make barbie and Ken do it . he freak . I be seven . he take all my doll away from I and cut they in half . he give the top halve back to ( more ) sheila I . then he make I watch he burn the bottom halve in the fireplace . theo kneel down nearby and throw a barbie onto the bonfire . it go up with a whoosh . sheila I can see junior 's face in the fire . theo put he hand on Sheila 's hand . she look at he . sheila why do you come back ? Theo when I be with you Sheila , I do not even think about bowl . theo take Sheila in he arm and kiss she passionately . she stop he and look around nervously . sheila if junior find we , he will kill we both . Theo I kill he once , I will just have to kill he again . sheila you do not get two chance with junior . Theo at least I will die smile . Sheila push he over . he fall backwards , she on top . sheila and you only get two chance with I . Sheila yank she shirt over she head and toss it away . FIRE the shirt crackle and burn . she pull theo 's head up to she breast . sheila what 's it gonna be , theo ? a barbie 's breast blister from the heat . Theo &amp ; sheila theo bend Sheila backwards , down on she back . she grab the tail of he shirt , yank it over he head and off he body . Sheila rub she hand up theo 's back . sheila what 's the plan , theo ? a Ken back bubbles and melt . theo lift Sheila 's back off the sand and work she jeans down she leg . sheila say something , theo . give I something . a doll 's leg catch fire . theo stare into Sheila 's eye . Theo plan c. from now on it 's gonna be plan c. both body throb and grind , they sandy hand slide over each other ' sweaty skin . Theo it 's gonna be you , Sheila . they humpty -hump to the beat of " scientist 's " ' dematerialize . ' we hear theo and Sheila 's stereophonic moaning as a barbie and a Ken doll collapse and vaporize from the blaze heat . we pan up through the flame , the moan increase in volume and intensity as they reach the you - know - what - we have - all - be - wait - for . CUT to : 73 ext . cemetery - day 73 a coffin move slowly forward as a solemn dirge play . the top be in the shape of a bowl alley with a miniature black bowl ball inscribe with " the faz " at the head . the pallbearer ; theo , Breeze , sid , Tina , and two other bowler place the coffin on pole above the grave . a rotund priest sprinkle holy water . Sheila stand next to theo , cry . ( more ) theo wear a glaze look . the priest clear he throat with a loud ahem . priest ( with pomp and vigor ) bowl ! ( pause to reflect ) bowl be a little like faith . every now and then , we be bless with the ability and strength to send a full roller down .. ( make bowl gesture ) ... and scatter that baby like nobody 's business . and every now and then we end up in the gutter . ( pause and get glum ) buzz fazeli find himself in the gutter of life . trapped in hook alley , throw nothing ball . but before he leave we for that pie alley in the cloud , he pull himself out of that gutter . buzz fazeli die clean up the sport of bowl . now he lie at peace alongside he lane brother here in bowler ' field . ( make sign of the cross ) he die so that we could bowl - with dignity . millie , deck out in mourn black , let out a wail , step up and throw a bouquet of flower onto the coffin . millie ( sniffles ) I forgive you buzz . sid lean over to theo . sid ( in loud whisper ) the faz sure take care a she . ( point to millie , do the cash rub with finger ) Breeze make a nasal grunt as he try to suppress a snigger . sid - try to keep a straight face - elbow he . sid and Breeze approach the coffin . Breeze pull a orange whip out of a paper bag and carefully place it on the coffin lid . breeze nectar of the bowl god , faz . sid see ya 'round faz . Tina step up to the grave with a handful of papers . tina this be all you perfect game . ( she drop scoresheet onto the coffin ) bowl with God , buzz . mourner sniff and cry . the coffin start descend into the ground . a stiff breeze scatter the scoresheet . Sheila nudge theo who approach and toss a handful of soil into the grave . Theo maybe you be right buzz . maybe I do just come here to take it out on somebody . but , I have to find my father ... the muffle beeping of " raindrop keep falling on my head " begin play from inside the coffin . theo 's body jolt . he run after Sheila who be walk towards she scooter . Theo buzz be alive , Sheila . the two sleazeballs gaze surreptitiously at he as they walk towards they car . theo grab Sheila 's jacket . sheila theo , buzz be dead . Theo I do not come this far to bury a guy that 's not my dad . he owe I . sheila ( bitterly ) back to plan a . the vicious cycle all over again . theo let go of Sheila . sheila I have be trap by mile kastle my whole life . she walk over to she scooter , and mount it . sheila now he 's the one who 's lock up and I be the one who 's free . if I gotta do this alone , I might as well start now . she revs up and peal out . Theo ( yell ) sshheeiillaaa ! 74 ext . cemetery parking lot 74 as sid and Breeze walk up to they car , theo catch up with they . Theo why be junior 's watch in that coffin ? something stink around here . sid you time be up , busyboy . Theo who identify the body ? sid the body be identify along proper bowl Congress guideline for processing a bowl related fatality . Theo I be the next of kin . I should have see he . breeze after we id , we bury the body . case and casket close . Theo you try to make it look like junior trash he place . junior 's underground in that coffin you dick put he in . breeze it 's splitsville for you . sid and Breeze back away from theo . Theo you fake my dad 's murder . you use he ! where be he ! theo chase sid and Breeze around they car . he catch sid and grab the middle finger on he right hand . sid howl . sid ow ! ooh ! no , please ! Doc say I would be back on the plank in a week ! show he Breeze ! Breeze pull a copy of " New York bowler " from he pocket . the headline read " rub out !: bowling legend kacked by dwarfscam kingpin " with a photo of buzz fazeli . sid it 's official , you be a orphan . happy now , busyboy ? theo stare at the newspaper . he let sid 's finger drop . 75 ext . highway - day 75 Sheila speed along , she vespa max out at 30 mph . from behind she we see theo 's car approach rapidly . he pull up beside she . Theo ( shouting and point frantically ) what make you think you know I so well that you can give I a ultimatum ? huh ? sheila who say anything about a ultimatum ? you want to find you father ? get a shovel and start digging . hurry up , he 's probably in purgatory by now . Sheila make a pathetic attempt to speed away from theo . he move up beside she again . Theo you be really pissing I off . sheila I be pissing you off ? I be do what I say I would do . what the hell be you do ? what about you word ? Theo my word be good , and it will always be good . when do I ever give my word to you ? sheila what about plan C ? Theo fuck plan c! sheila you word be so good , you be never gonna give it to anyone . Theo you think I be dump you to get back into bowl . well who 's dump who ? sheila I be not dump you , I be suspending you . Theo sez you ! sheila suck my dick ! she speed ahead . 76 ext . highway 76 theo thunder along in he car . he listen to he song over the stereo . theo dig into he pocket and pull out the golf ball from buzz 's house . 77 golf ball 77 the logo on the ball read " paradise . " Theo paradise . the white ball fill the frame . Theo ( os ) ( whisper to himself ) paradise . hmmmm the camera pull back from the ball to reveal : 78 int . tropical 7 - eleven - day 78 theo stand in flowery long bermuda short , match airbrush luau shirt and 7 - 11 shade . the woman behind the counter look like alfie 's twin . ( it 's actually alfie in drag . ) it 's the same store as before , only with a tropical motif . instead of bowl magazine on the rack , there 's mini- golf digest . alfreda examine the ball at arm 's length , through she bifocal . alfreda you a mini-golfer ? Theo nope . alfreda paradise , huh ? might be one of the new putt-putt off route 99 . theo turn to leave . alfreda can I get you something for the road ? Theo you have orange whip ? alfreda Orange who ? not from ' round here , be ya ? Theo no. I be from akron . 79 ext . billboard - day 79 the billboard fill the frame . it read " paradise putt - putt " , and underneath : " a heavenly experience . " a motorize cheesy - look smile dwarf - angel swing a golden club . ext . mini - golf course miniature golf obstacle be bath in the light of the set sun . the camera pass a huge cement centaur surround by astro-carpete . woman ( os ) I just hold it loosely with both hand ? man ( os ) that 's right , sugar , find the grip that 's right for you . then grasp firmly . the camera weave past a five foot pink whale with a gape green mouth lead onto a mini-green . woman ( os ) grasp firmly . then what ? man ( os ) line up where you want it . woman ( os ) yeah . man ( os ) now swing it out a little to the right ... woman ( os ) like this ? man ( os ) no , no , that 's too far . try a more gentle stroke . it 's all in the stroke . go ahead , now , honey - stroke . as the camera come around the side of the whale , we see a elderly man in a fire hydrant red sport coat and white slack hunch over a diminutive fiftyish woman . his back be to the camera and he be wear a baseball cap with a plastic halo attach to it . woman strokin ' . here go nothin' . she swing a club , send a golf ball putter into a cup . man hole in one ! you be the queen of stroke ! woman yippy ! theo stride towards the couple . the man under the halo be ( more ) buzz . he raise the club at the approach theo , keep the woman in front of he as a shield . the front of buzz 's cap read " I be no angel . " buzz get away from I ! woman who the hell be you ? Theo hi dad . woman dad ? you say you be single . buzz we be not marry no more . Theo he say that to all he wife . as she try to wiggle away from he , the club conk buzz on the noodle , squishing he halo . woman ( freeing herself - to buzz ) geez maynard , be he tell the truth ? buzz do not pay he any mind , sweetheart . woman you be a nice guy , maynard , but if you get two wife - I be not into no polybigamy . buzz be silent . he take the club out of she hand . she step away - startle - then turn and jog away . buzz throw down he club in a fury . buzz goddam it ! I be just about to make a love connection . you sure get a way with woman . you show up , woman get away . Theo ( laugh ) the whole world think you be underground . buzz I be underground . buzz remove he damage cap . Theo it could just as easily have be I in that box . buzz I tell you to get lose . you force yourself into this mess , so the mess accommodate you . buzz straighten out and carefully remold the bent out of shape halo . Theo what about bowl ? buzz ( take a practice swing ) bowl die for I year ago . besides , I be a live dead legend . I be a hero . Theo you be a scumbag . buzz pat he hair down and slip the cap back on he head . buzz I be a live scumbag . theo dig into he pocket and retrieve the golf ball . he toss it to buzz . Theo Nice know you , dad . theo turn and walk towards he car . buzz pause and walk after he . buzz so , eh , you never see I . right ? Theo I never see you . buzz thanks , kid . ( pause ) where be you goin ' now ? Theo I be goin ' straight . no more short cut . theo get into the car . buzz lean in the open window . buzz listen , if straight do not work out , you come work for I . ( hand theo he card ) just make sure nobody 's follow you . buzz 's face be eerily light by the glow of the sunset , he halo bounce in the breeze . buzz I do not mean that stuff I say . I be try to keep you out of this muddle . I be glad I do not have my tube tie . oh , and by the way , I make a call for you before I - uh - retire . buzz take he card and scrawl on the back with a gold pen . buzz ( hand the card back ) you give Ed klein of the american bowl Congress a call . ( tap the card ) tell he you maynard 's boy . he 's expect you , and he owe I . he will getcha back in like Flynn . ( pat theo 's cheek ) do not say I never give you nothing . Theo ( crack a half smile ) see ya 'round maynard . buzz back away from the car as theo peel out in reverse . buzz stand and watch as theo pull away . 80 ext . mile ' o' lane parking lot - day 80 the sign have be change to " sheila' alley . " a sparkling new badass super - chrome vespa be park in the handicap zone . the barbie and Ken doll be wire to the headlamp . they look incredibly worse for the wear . a parking ticket be nestle between they . theo 's car pull in nearby . 81 int . sheila' alley 81 theo walk through the door and into the alley pack with serious bowl type . as he walk towards the back of the alley , several bowler stop bowl and stare at he in awe . luna theo ! howya doin ' ? theo walk on . other greet the conquer hero . bowler theo ! hey , theo 's back ! tina hello there , stranger . little girl ( still cry ) waaaaaaaaaaah ! at the far end , we see Sheila , dress in a fitte jogging suit , bowl alone on she lane . bowler stop and hold they ball at they side . Sheila notice the whole alley be silent . theo step up to the lane , bowl ball bag in hand . as he strap on he wristbrace he peer down the lane and see a seven - ten split ; mule ear . CUT to : 82 blackness 82 a loud zip and light spill in through three hole . Three finger approach the hole , block out the light once more . with a pop , the finger leave the hole and the ball hit the lane with a klunk . lane the camera race towards the pin along the maple board . pin two pin loom in the foreground , one at each edge of the screen . the ball slam into the right hand pin in super slow motion with a roar . theo 's eye slowly close . the pin lift and hurtle slowly across the frame towards its unsuspecting fellow pin . theo 's eye open . with a reverberate explosion , the pin be take out . 83 int . sheila' alley , Theo &amp ; sheila 83 theo turn to Sheila and take she in he arm . sheila very professional . Theo I be a professional man . sheila ( touch he lip ) lip still for sale ? Theo ( nonchalantly ) you bet . for five buck , I will even throw in the tongue . sheila ( she pull away , slightly ) can you change something this big ? she pull out a hundred dollar bill . Theo I do not know . Sheila stuff the bill down theo 's pants . sheila you will owe I . they smooch big time . one by one , ball drop to the lane again and pin start crashing . dissolve to : 84 ext . cemetery - day 84 alfie , hand tremble , lay a tiny wreath on buzz fazeli 's grave . the headstone read , " maynard ' buzz ' fazeli ' I never met a bowler I do not like . ' " a muffle watch beeper chime " raindrop keep falling on my head . " the camera pull up to show ten headstone laid out in a bowl pin set - up with buzz 's at the head . dissolve to : 85 ext . mini - golf course 85 buzz 's silhouette against a orange sunburst sky . he wear he halo hat . he take a beautiful pga - perfect slow motion fluid golf swing , connect with a thwap . as he follow through , divot of turf dance at he foot . music swell . he hold the aftersw pose and gaze after the ball , off into the distance . fade out