special by cinco Paul and Ken daurio February 18 , 1999 ext : high school football field - day rrippp ! a beefy football player break through a paper banner hold by member of the pep squad . the audience cheer . it 's a high school pep rally , circa early 80' . cheerleader lead the crowd of student in a cheer , the band play a fight song , and the principal introduce the football team . principal ..- and at defensive end , number 92 , marty mcdade ! off to the side a line of football player in full uniform stand wait to be introduce . at the end of the line be -- fred molinski . athletic , optimistic , with peach fuzz and Rick Springfield hair . wearing number 38 . al ( 0.s. ) yo , Fred ! Fred look up and see he best buddy al norris , a wannabe Don Juan play trombone in the band . al you do it , man ! it take ' till senior year , but you finally make varsity ! let the babefest begin ! Fred smile . Al turn he attention to the cheerlead squad and call out to they . al ( cont . ) whoooooco , bay -bays ! you look fine ! wanna give my ' bone a try ? Al play he trombone as suggestively as possible . the cheerleader ignore he . Fred shake he head . then a hand tap he on the shoulder . he look up . it 's he beer-gutte coach . he look grim . coach Fred . we get a problem . fred what be it , coach ? coach the court order just come through -- we have get to let Jimmy Perkins on the team . the coach point to jimmy . he 's " special . " in a wheelchair and wear a football uniform , complete with pad and helmet . he wave , a big grin on he face . Fred sigh . fred well , as long as he stay out of the way ... coach I do not think you get it , Fred . we be only allow 48 player on we roster . so Jimmy 's go to play ... instead of you . Fred stare at the coach . then at Jimmy . realize he 's wear the same number on he uniform as Fred . fred no! coach ! you can not do this ! coach sorry , Fred . my hand be tie . fred I deserve to be on that roster , coach ! and you know it ! everyone know it ! ( beat ) you know what 's gonna happen ? the team 's gonna reject he , the school 's gonna reject he , and you be gonna have a massive freaking controversy on you hand ! the principal 's voice come over the speaker . principal ( 0.s. ) and now we most " special " athlete : number 38 , Jimmy Perkins ! Jimmy wheel out to the middle of the field to join the team . suddenly the crowd be silent . and then the crowd erupt with cheer and applause . it 's deafen . cheerleader jump up and down . the football team lift Jimmy 's wheelchair up on they shoulder . Jimmy pump he fist in the air , eat it up . Fred watch all of this alone off to the side . all he hope and dream shattered . push in on he face as it fill with disappointment , anger , and resentment . int : fred' truck - day dissolve to Fred year later . he 's now a construction foreman , a blue collar guy who enjoy the simple thing in life . driving he Ford through condor Stadium 's fill - to - the -brim parking lot , anxiously search for a space . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ... and here come the condor offense , everyone here wonder if today mercury pearson will set yet another season receive touchdown record , besting the mark he set last week in Kansas City ... suddenly , Fred spot a empty space ! quickly speed toward it . be almost there when he stop suddenly at see the big blue handicapped symbol paint on it . instantly he demeanor change . he stare at the handicapped spot , anger darken he eye . fred bastard . ext : stadium entrance - day Fred stand anxiously in a endless line at the stadium entrance turnstile . a man in a wheelchair zip right past he and enter through the special extra wide handicapped turnstile , in front of which there be no line at all . fred bastard . ext : stadium ramp - day Fred walk hurriedly up a ramp lead to the stand . in front of he two old lady drive electric cart at approximately two mile a hour . Fred try to get around they . to the leave . to the right . blocked at every turn . fred bastard . ext : stadium stand - day a very frustrated Fred look at he ticket , search the stand . a concerned stadium usher approach . stadium usher May I help you , sir ? fred yeah . where 's section F ? it be right here last year , and I be suppose to meet my fiancee and she kid half a hour ago . stadium usher section F have be move . to accommodate the special fan stand . the stadium usher point to the special fan stand . a specially cordon section in the stadium reserve for that with handicaps . fan confine to wheelchair , with M.S. , cerebral palsy , etc . Fred stare at they , stunne . fred what ? wait a minute . section E be over there , section G be over there , and you be tell I this be not section F ? stadium usher no . it 's be move . up there . the Stadium usher point up to the high , most remote part of the stand . next to section Z. fred what the hell ? I think this be America ! I think we believe in the alphabet ! suddenly every fan in the stadium rise to they foot . the Stadium usher point to the field . stadium usher mercury 's open ! down on the field , MERCURY pearson , number 88 , the condor ' star wide receiver , race for the endzone . several step on the defender . here come the ball . it 's a bit overthrown , but he make a incredible superstar- like leaping catch . drag he foot perfectly to stay in bound . he score ! a ref 's arm fly up . and all 70000 football fan in San Diego 's condor Stadium erupt in ear -splitting cheer . go wild , wave banner and pennant , as mercury do he trademark celebratory endzone dance . sport announcer ( v.o. ) and that 's number twenty - five ! the San Diego condor ' mercury pearson have now catch twenty - five receive touchdown in one season , a new record ! owner bucky Parks be beside himself ! bucky park , the football team owner 's version of Ross perot , do he own little dance as he drink champagne in he special box . sport announcer ( cont . ; v.o. ) and now , as always , mercury 's head for the special fan stand . mercury toss the ball up to the special fan , and they go wild . jump up and down , reach for the ball , laugh and scream . it bounce from one special fan to another until it fall right into the lap of -- ronnie , a man in a wheelchair with cerebral palsy . ronnie grab the ball and hold it up smile . Way up in section F , curtis gurney , a pudgy seven - year - old wear a mercury pearson jersey and a serial - killer - in - training look , stare at the special fan stand . frown . curtis how come the retard get all the ball ? sitting next to he be he mother , rhonda gurney . beautiful , superficial , and completely blind to the evilness of she son . rhonda curtis , honey , do not say retard . they be retar-de . just then Fred arrive , out of breath , carry a tray of drink and hot dog . fred hey there ! sorry I be late , hon , could not find a parking spot . rhonda we be just glad you be here . she give Fred a kiss . he smile , stare , completely smitten with she . fred I do not deserve you . Rhonda smile . they move in for another kiss when -- hooooonk !!! curtis blast he AIR horn right in Fred 's face . fred ( cont . ) hey , curtis . how 's the game , pardner ? curtis this seat suck ! fred great ! curtis pull on he mom 's sweater . curtis it 's not fair , mom ! mercury 's my favorite player ! why can not I have one of that ball ? why do the retarded get all of they ? rhonda well , sweetie ... because ... ( turn to Fred ) Fred , why do not you explain it to he ? ( sotto voce ) this be a great opportunity . Rhonda give Fred one of she " do this for I ? " look . Fred turn to curtis , try he best to be fatherly . fred curtis , I know it do not seem fair . but that folk in the special fan stand be not like you and I . they can not run , or jump -- curtis yeah ! so what be they gonna do with a football ? drool on it ? fred look , I realize it do not make logical sense , but the fact be , in America we do " special " thing for " special " people . like the parking space right next to the store entrance that be always empty but no one can ever use ? ( more ) fred ( cont would ) that be for the " special " people . and we have to leave the space empty and park a mile away just on the off chance that one of they might need to use it . and why do we do that ? why ? because they be " special . " you see ? curtis you be not my dad . fred I do not say I be you dad , curtis . I -- curtis ( put hand over ear ) yaah yaah yaah I can not hear you ! fred curtis ! rhonda Fred . do not raise you voice at he . you know how sensitive he be , on account of be bear with all he internal organ backwards . ( beat ) you know , if we be go to be a family ... fred we be go to be a family , Rhonda . that 's what I want more than anything in the whole world . you know that . rhonda I know , it 's just that ... well , the two of you have not really connect , you know what I mean ? look what I find on he dresser the other day . Rhonda reach into she purse and pull out a piece of paper . on it be a crayon drawing of Fred ( a photo of he head pasted on ) lie on the ground , blood spurting out of he . and curtis stand over he with a knife . Fred stare at it . fred well , we be not best buddy yet , but -- rhonda he hate you , Fred . fred ( sigh , realize she 's right ) Fine . he hate I . what more can I do , Rhonda ? rhonda you need to make he feel special . fred how ? Rhonda think . then curtis , as if on cue ( or as if he be listen the whole time ) , suddenly pull on he mom 's sweater again . curtis you know what I want for Christmas , mom ? one of that mercury pearson record - break season touchdown football . that 's what I want more than anything in the whole wide world ! Rhonda look at curtis . then at fred. smile . this be perfect ! rhonda well , I think I know a certain someone who might be able to get you one . right , Fred ? they both turn to Fred . Rhonda wink at he . Fred stare back at they . gulp . ext : construction site - day rrt-rrt-rrt-rrt !!! a jackhammer blast away at concrete , smash it to bit . attempt to hold onto it be Al , Fred 's buddy . al this be why I keep say do not date chick with kid . Fred stand next to he with a hardhat and clipboard at a building under construction ( " skidmore construction bring you a new body in motion dance studio ! " ) . al ( cont . ) you gotta end it , bro . cut bait . kick she to the curb . move on . buh - bye . fred Al ... al no -- if there 's one thing I understand , it 's woman . Al spot two moderately attractive women pass by the site . immediately start hoot and holler at they . al ( cont . ) whoo , bay - bay ! you look fine ! wanna give my jackhammer a try ? rrt-rrt-rrt-rrt !!! Al operate the jackhammer as suggestively as he can . the two woman walk past , completely ignore he . fred look , Al , I be not " kick Rhonda to the curb . " she 's the best thing that ever happen to I . come on -- a beautiful woman like that and a guy like I ? what be the odd ? Al stare at Fred . thinks . al yeah , you be right . you be screw . you better get one of that ball . you check ebay ? fred yeah . but unless I knock over a convenience store , it 's not happen . mr . babcock ( 0.s. ) Mr. molinski ? Fred turn to see mr . babcock , a officious and meticulous city building inspector in he 60' , hold a clipboard . shake he head . 10 . mr . babcock George babcock from the city . we have a problem with you access ramp . Disabilities Act regulation 4.8.14 require a maximum slope of 1:12 . your be 1:11 . fred so it 's a little steep . what be I suppose to do , take it out and pour another one ? mr . babcock it be not the city 's responsibility to solve you problem . we merely point out infraction , as require by law . fred come on , that will set I back a week . mr . babcock it be not the city 's responsibility to ensure you job be finish on time . we merely -- fred I know what you do ! I know it 's not you responsibility ! but for cry out loud , I be building a " body in motion dance Studio " here ! the handicapped ramp 's not gonna be get a lot of traffic ! mr . babcock would you like I to cite you right now ? fred you have gotta be joke . mr . babcock yes. just call I Bob hope . Mr. babcock quickly sign a piece of paper and hand it to Fred . smile and leave . Fred shake he head . fred I do not know what happen , Al . seem like one day we wake up and the entire world have white guy who can walk by the ball . 11 . Fred take out he frustration on the concrete with the jackhammer . Al put he hand on he buddy 's shoulder . al look , Fred , thing ' 1l work out . Rhonda 's a reasonable woman . if you explain the situation to she , she will understand . right ? Fred look back at al. maybe . ext : rhonda's house - night ding -dong ! Fred stand outside Rhonda 's front door all clean up for a big date . Rhonda open the door . in sweat and t-shirt . rhonda curtis be sick . Fred stare at she , extremely disappointed . hold up a pair of concert ticket . fred but ... the doobie Brothers . int : rhonda's house - continuous Fred follow Rhonda into the house . Broken toy and game be everywhere , revealing who really run the place . rhonda tell I about it . unfortunately , I have get myself a sick child . he 's always be extra susceptible to thing , on account of be bear with all he internal organ backwards , you know ? so today he 's do nothing but lie on the sofa and watch t.v. and all he can keep down be ho-hos . fred that 's odd . Rhonda point to curtis campe out on the family room couch play game Boy and eat ho-hos . rhonda why do not you go say hi ? that might cheer he little face up . 12 . Rhonda give Fred a little push toward curtis , then disappear into the kitchen . Fred approach the couch . fred hey , curtis . feeling a little under the weather ? curtis where 's my ball ? fred now , curtis , do not get you heart set on -- curtis I want a mercury pearson record - break season touchdown football . and if you do not get I one , it 's over between you and my mom . fred curtis ... curtis I will tell she you touch I . Fred stare at curtis . he could not possibly have say that . fred you will what ? curtis I will say you touch my weiner . a lot . fred ( lose it ) listen , you little piece of -- curtis Mom ! Fred freeze like a deer catch in headlight . Rhonda quickly stick she head into the family room . rhonda what be it , pumpkin ? curtis give Fred a look . a cold , manipulative , threaten look that say , " I could do it right now if I want to . " he turn to he mom . milk it , keep Fred in suspense . 13 . curtis guess what ? Fred 's go to get I one of that mercury pearson football for Christmas ! rhonda really ? wow ! Rhonda smile knowingly at Fred . he just stand there . int : bowling alley - night crash ! a bowling ball hit a spare pin , knock it over . at the other end of the lane Al celebrate wildly . he turn to a couple of cute girl in the next lane . al that one be for the lady . he wink at they . they ignore he . he plop down next to Fred , who sit zombie-like on the bench , extremely depressed . al ( cont . ) come on , stop you mope . ( think ) why do not you just buy a football and sign it " mercury pearson " ? fred you kid ? the kid be a evil genius . he would see right through it . across from they be they bowl partner : tough joe and not-so-bright steve , guy we recognize from the work site . joe screw he , then . get he something else . steve like a puppet . fred he do not want a puppet , Steve . steve I be just say , give a kida mercury pearson sign football , it will just gather dust on he shelf ; give he a puppet , he 's get a friend for life . 14 . the guy stare at Steve . Joe turn to Fred , shaking he head . joe I do not know , Fred . it disturb I to see you do this just to make some chick 's kid happy . fred it 's more than that , Joe . you think I wanna spend the rest of my life hang around you retard ? I want to make something of myself . I want to build something solid . I want ... that ! Fred point over to a family bowl together . the perfect all - american model , wear match bowl shirt with " the Thompson tenpins " print on the back . Mom and dad cheer for they little son who roll the ball down the lane . dad go , tiger ! the ball hit the pin and , slowly , they all topple over . the family cheer , and dad lift the son up on he shoulder . mom let 's go for ice cream ! the kid cheer . Fred watch the family , a faraway look in he eye . then turn to Al . fred I have gotta get one of that ball , al. somehow , some way . joe if you ask I , you need two . al look , Fred , I hate to break it to you , but it 's not gonna happen . that ball be only for the " special fan . " and you , my friend , be not " special . " Fred stare straight ahead , deep in think . and then , almost imperceptibly , something inside he click . a idea . 15 . ext : stadium - day squeak . squeak . a wheelchair wheel roll along the pavement . pan up to reveal Fred . sitting in the wheelchair . wearing a stain orange sweater and GREEN pant that be way too short for he . his leg be close together and tilt sideways . Al push the wheelchair . not excited about be there as they approach the crowd of fan at the stadium entrance . al I can not believe you be make I do this . we be gonna get catch , we be gonna go to jail , and then we be gonna go to hell . fred no we be not . we have just as much of a right to one of that football as anybody else . and besides , they owe I . al who owe you ? fred I should have make varsity , Al . they steal my spot ! my spot be steal ! I be just evening the score . Al frown , unsure . but continue push Fred towards the entrance . as they get closer he muss up he hair a bit . fred ( cont . ) ( under he breath ) what be you do ? al you do not look retarded enough . fred I be fine . just leave I alone . Al leave he alone . keeps push . they be right up at the entrance now , literally surround by people . Fred stare straight ahead . all the other people in line glance at he out of the corner of they eye ; no one look right at he . stadium employee ( 0.s. ) right this way , sir ! 16 . Al and Fred turn and see a stadium employee on the far leave , stand by the extra wide handicapped turnstile . she wave they over . Al push Fred over to it . the fan have to wait in long line glance they way , not happy about it . as they get closer and closer to the turnstile , Fred begin to sweat . this be it . the threshold . they arrive at the turnstile , and Al nervously hand the woman they ticket . point to Fred . al yeah , he 's handicapped . can not walk , can not talk , pretty much just sit there . do n'tcha , Fred ? Fred stare up at Al , who turn back to the woman . al ( cont . ) but he love the game . love ‘em . just sit there in he wheelchair and eat them up . whoo , do he love the game ! the woman nod and wave they through . they both breathe sigh of relief as they head towards the stand . then -- stadium employee ( 0.s. ) wait a minute , you two . Al and Fred freeze . this be it . they slowly turn around , Al all ready to confess . al listen , this be not my i ... and then they see the Stadium employee smile and hold up a little pennant . stadium employee you forget you complimentary special pennant ! she trot over and stick it in the wheelchair . smile at Fred in the most condescending way possible . stadium employee ( cont . ) you enjoy the game , okay ? Fred smile and nod back at she . then Al spin he back around and they head for the stand . 17. ext : stadium stand - day Al wheel Fred through the stand , up the long ramp that lead to the special fan stand . fred ( under he breath ) I can not talk ? al it 's perfect . that way you can not incriminate yourself , say something stupid . Al and Fred arrive at the special fan stand . Al wave to the stadium usher and all the special fan . al ( cont . ) hey , everybody ! this be Fred ! the group greet he with big smile and wave . special fan hi , Fred ! al he can not talk , but he sure love the game ! Al find a open spot and park Fred in it . al ( cont . ) all right , buddy , I will be back to pick you up later ! good luck ! Al pat Fred on the head , and leave he there , head up to the regular stand . Fred look around he . he 's surround by special fan , and they clearly creep he out . he turn to he right and see -- lester . a intense-look paraplegic in the wheelchair next to he . wearing a number 88 jersey , several pennant on he chair . he smile at Fred . lester I be gonna get a ball today . I can feel it ! lester grab and shake Fred 's limp hand . 18 . lester ( cont . ) hey there . I be lester . but my friend call I mercury , on account of I be such a big mercury pearson fan . ( shout at the field ) let 's go , baby ! let 's play some football ! woooocce ! Fred stare at lester . ext : stadium stand - later the game have begin . we be late into the first quarter and the condor have the ball . Fred sit in he chair stare at the field . lester talk non-stop . lester you know who be mercury 's coach at Notre Dame ? Lou holtz . you know what position he play in high school ? quarterback . you know what pick he be in the draft ? fourteenth . ( shout at field ) let 's go ! move that chain ! ( beat ) it 's gonna happen . I be gonna get a ball . I know it ! Fred stare at the field . please , mercury . soon. ext : stadium stand - later third quarter , and the score be Minnesota 14 , San Diego 9 . we hear the announcer on a radio mount on lester 's chair . radio announcer ... the third quarter , and pearson with only two catch for sixteen yard . he 's really have a off game today . Fred be still stick in he chair in the special fan stand as lester continue to prattle on . lester you know what the season receive touchdown record be before mercury break it ? twenty -two . twenty -two ! take that , Jerry Rice ! you homo ! mercury be the man ! be I right ? ( turn back to the field ) ( more ) 19 . lester ( cont would ) come on , touchdown ball number twenty - six ! come to papa ! ext : stadium stand —- later late in the fourth quarter , the score be Minnesota 21 , San Diego 16 . Fred be completely miserable in he chair . would like to strangle lester . lester mercury be the messenger of the god in Roman mythology , know for he speed . mercury 's one of only three metal liquid at normal temperature . it 's also the name of a planet , the one close to the sun . ( stare at field ) he 's open ! he's OPEN ! immediately all attention be focus on the field . mercury be indeed wide open and head for the end zone . the quarterback hurl the ball into the air . Fred watch the scene anxiously , face fill with tension . mercury see the ball come . have several step on the defender . but the ball look to be a little overthrown . lester ( cont . ) catch it ! catch it ! mercury leap . grab the ball with that famous hand . and land with a thud in the endzone . the ref throw both arm straight up in the air . touchdown ! the stadium explode !!! the fan cheer , scream , wave pennant , go totally crazy ! someone unfold a giant banner : " 26 !!! " bucky Parks smile broadly from he special booth . mercury get up and do he celebratory dance . his teammate arrive and pile on he , ecstatic . radio announcer twenty -six touchdown in a season ! unbelievable ! it 's a new record ! mercury emerge from the pile of condor player . then make he way to the special fan stand with the ball . Fred watch he like a hawk . this be it . the big moment . he glance over at lester , who 's wave he hand in the air . 20 . lester mercury ! over here ! throw it to I ! to I !!! mercury stop in front of the stand . then toss the ball up to they . suddenly everything 's in super slow-motion . the ball spin through the air . over the head of several special fan . someone 's hand touch it , deflect its path . lester scream . it 's head right for he . Fred panic . lester 's go to get it ! here come the ball . lester lean forward , arm outstretch . the ball 's inch away . it 's he ! it 's he ! then Fred reach subtly down and pull back on lester 's wheel . lester 's chair turn around backwards . his face contort in horror as he find himself spin away from the ball . thunk . the ball hit the back of lester 's head . and bounce right into Fred 's hand ! Fred smile . he 's get it . he's got it ! back in real time , the fan cheer Fred , who hold the ball tightly . down on the field mercury give he a big thumb 's up . Al see he from up in the regular stand , get up and run down , excited . lester look confuse . lester ( cont . ) but ...but ... that be my ball ! Fred just smile , hold onto the ball . and suddenly we be in a camera Pov zoom in on Fred . DENISE ( 0.s. ) that be perfect ! the camera be be hold by DENISE popnik , a young , petite documentary filmmaker still cling to she liberal art idealism . DENISE let 's move in closer . 21 . denise head for Fred , follow by VICKI , a tall , extremely shapely young woman carry the boom mike . Fred notice they approach . uh-oh . but before he can react , two uniform stadium official , toothy , overly cheerful jan and muscle - bound brian , find he . jan well , hello there , sir , my name be Jan , and this be Brian , and you be we most special special fan of the day ! Fred look around for Al . too much be happen too fast . Brian grab the wheelchair , and begin push Fred out of the special fan stand . denise and Vicki follow . jan ( cont . ) now , if you will just come with we , we will make sure you get that ball sign and authenticate . Jan give the camera a big smile as Brian push a helpless Fred up the ramp leave the stand . lester stare at Fred as he leave , visibly upset . if look could kill ... as they enter the concourse area , denise approach Fred with a sweet , unaffected smile . DENISE congratulation . it 's not easy to get one of that . Fred look up at she . they eye meet . she smile . there 's something there . and then Al appear , disrupt the moment . al you do it , man ! you do it ! Al hold up he hand to give Fred a high five . then stop , realize Fred can not do it . Fred look up at Al . get I out of here ! Al now look around . see Jan. Brian . and the film crew . uh-oh. Jan smile at Al . jan hi ! do you know ... be this you ... be you with this gentleman ? al uh...yeah . 22 . jan wonderful . and he name be ...? al uh ... fred. Fred m -- fred ( shake he head no ) mmmmnhhh ! mmmmnnhhh ! Al realize Fred do not want he to use he real name . stare at he while try to think of something . al -- cripple . Fred 's face fall . Jan attempt to keep she smile . not sure about the name , but would not dare question it . jan Fred ... mccripple ? al ironic , be not it ? ( beat ) look , Fred 's have a very long day , and he 's all tuckere out , so -- jan well , we will need he to stay just a little bit longer . denise focus the camera on Al and call to he . DENISE and who be you , sir ? al Al norris . listen , I do not think -- DENISE Vicki , I be not get this . move a little closer to Mr. norris . Vicki nod and move closer with the boom mike . Al notice she and she incredible body for the first time . smile . al hel -lo , Vicki . DENISE so , you be Fred 's caretaker ? 23 . Al look at the camera . at Vicki . and suddenly realize this situation might not be all bad . he smile humbly . al well , I suppose I do " take care " of Fred , but I prefer to think of it as spend time with a really special guy . Al pat Fred on the head . Vicki smile , move . Fred watch helplessly , realize this can not possibly bode well for he . al ( cont . ) do it get depress ? sometimes . frustrate ? sure . but at the end of the day , all I hope be that I have brighten he life half as much as he 's brighten mine . ( pat Fred on the head again ) my buddy Fred here may not be able to walk or talk or really do any of the thing you and I can ... but I think I speak for he when I say , " thank you , mercury pearson , thank you San Diego condor , and God bless America ! " Al end with a dramatic flourish . everyone just stare at he . attempt to break the awkwardness , he point to the camera . al ( cont . ) so ... what 's this all about ? you be not from the news , be you ? Jan butt in with a smile . jan sorry , I should have explain . this be denise pipnik . DENISE popnik . jan popnik , pipnik , anyhoo , she 's make a special documentary about the special fan stand for pbs . she do that documentary that win that award ? anyway , move on ... 24 . she nod to Brian , who try to get the ball from Fred . Fred hold on tight and will not let he take it . Brian pull harder . jan ( cont . ) please , Mr. mccripple ... al whoa ! break it up ! what 's go on here ? finally , use every ounce of strength he 's get , Brian wrest the football away from Fred . Jan try to smooth thing over . jan I be sorry , I think you understand . we need to get the ball sign and authenticate . it will only be two week . Fred 's face fill with horror . Jan turn to Al . jan ( cont . ) do he understand ? it 's team policy . al uh , just a minute . Al wheel Fred several foot away . leans down and whisper , block everyone 's view of a furious Fred . al ( cont . ) what 's the problem ? fred what 's the problem ? I do not get the ball for two week , and in the meantime I be suppose to be in some handicapped documentary ! what the hell do you think 's the problem ? al yeah , that 's what I be try to figure out here . fred I know you , Al . the only reason you be do this be to get into that blonde babe 's pants ! 25 . al ( encourage ) you really think I have get a shot ? fred there be no way I be do this ! what if someone see it ? al it 's on pbs ! who do we know that watch pbs ? do you even know what channel it 's on ? ( beat ) the ball be almost yours , Fred . in two week you will have it . just in time for Christmas . what 's the worst that could happen ? Fred look up at Al . sigh , defeat . what can he do ? Al smile . turn back to denise , Jan , and everyone else . give ‘em a big double thumb 's up . they be in ! rhonda ( v.o. ) aaaaiiigghhhhhh ! int : rhonda's house - morning Rhonda be on the phone , ecstatically scream . she turn to curtis , who 's at the kitchen table pouring salt into a shoebox full of snail . rhonda Fred get you a ball ! curtis good . rhonda ( to Fred on phone ) curtis be just beside himself ! how would you do it ? int : fred' apartment - same Fred 's on the phone dress for work , a bowl of cereal in front of he . smiling proudly . fred hey , you know I : just a little wheeling and deal . bzzz ! Fred 's intercom buzze . 26 . fred ( cont . ) that must be Al . ( into intercom ) come on up . he buzze he in and open the front door . intercut with Rhonda at she house . rhonda you be the best . and tonight ... ( sexily ) I be go to make it totally worthwhile . Fred smile in anticipation . fred I can not wait . see you tonight ! Fred hang up the phone . smile a big smile , on top of the world . pick up he bowl of cereal and start eat . then he hear voice come from the stairwell . it 's denise and Vicki . and the door 's open . Fred 's face fill with panic . int : stairwell - same denise and Vicki approach the open door . denise grab the doorknob , peek inside . DENISE Fred ? al? hello ...? then suddenly she gasp . see -- Fred lie on the floor ina pool of milk and bran flake . DENISE ( cont . ) oh no . she rush inside -- int : fred' apartment - continuous -- and kneel down next to Fred , horrify . DENISE Fred ! be you okay ? where 's Al ? Fred just wriggle and moan on the floor . denise call up to Vicki . 27 . DENISE ( cont . ) help I get he up ! Vicki put down she equipment and help denise lift Fred onto the couch . DENISE ( cont . ) he 's cover with milk . I be gonna find some paper towel . denise rush into the kitchen . Vicki lean over and pick some bran flake off of Fred 's face . VICKI ewwww . denise arrive with some paper towel , and quickly begin sopping the milk up off of he . DENISE where 's you chair , Fred ? just then Al arrive at the door . see Fred lie on the couch , surround by denise and Vicki . he stand there petrify , stare open - mouth at the scene . DENISE ( cont . ) Al ! thank heaven you be here ! VICKI where be you ? DENISE and where 's Fred 's wheelchair ? Al stare at they . try to think on he foot . his reputation 's at stake here . he shake he head . al this be crazy , this be just ... crazy , I ... I know I should not have leave he , but this , this thingie on he wheelchair have not be work , and he be sound asleep , so I try to sneak out , and , and get it fix , and -- DENISE at 8:00 in the morning ? al I know ! the whole thing be just crazy ! what ... what happen here ? 28 . DENISE well , he -- al ( hold up he hand , in control ) please . mentally , he 's fine , but I be the only one who can understand he . ( to Fred ) what happen , Fred ? fred aaaanh . al I see . and then what ? Fred look Al in the eye . do not do this . fred annnhh . al really ? and then ? Fred look up at Al , anger fill he eye . stop this or I will kill you . fred aaaannhhh ! Al nod , turn to the other . al that 's sweet . he want to surprise I by fix he own breakfast . ( to Fred ) you ! ( to other ) he try so hard . i'1l be right back with the wheelchair . ( to Vicki ) wanna give I a hand ? Al and Vicki quickly head out the door . denise look around the room , take everything in as Fred watch helplessly from the couch . denise find a bowling ball bag with Fred 's name on it . she pick it up , turn to he . DENISE you like to bowl , Fred ? 29 . he nod . she unzip the bag , examine the ball , hold it up to he . DENISE ( cont . ) wow . a fab Hammer . Nice ball . ( beat ) I love to bowl . maybe we can bowl together sometime . denise smile at Fred . he smile back . Al burst in the door carry the wheelchair with Vicki , sweaty and out of breath . al get it ! let 's roll ! int : stairwell - day denise and Vicki follow Fred as Al push he into the stairwell . DENISE the other two fan feature in the documentary live in the hilgart special House on 6th Street , and I think it would be great to get Fred together with they today . al sound super . they stop right at the stairwell . look down . denise shake she head . DENISE a man confine to a wheelchair live on the third floor of a building with no elevator . how do you manage ? al it 's fine . we have get this down to a science . here we go , Fred . Al slowly , carefully , lower Fred down to the first step . gently set he down . then the handle grip come off in he hand . and Fred and the wheelchair immediately go fly down the stair . chuck - a-tuh chuck -a-tuh chuck -a-tuh ! everyone watch horrify as the ride shake Fred with jarring , painful impact . 30 . there 's silence as the chair roll on the landing . then chuck-a-tuh chuck-a-tuh chuck -a-tuh ! then silence on the next landing . then chuck -a-tuh chuck -a-tuh chuck -a-tuh ! finally end with a loud crash ! Al glance nervously at the other , then think fast , look at he watch and call down the stairwell . al ( cont . ) eight second ! Way to go , Fred ! ( turn to the other ) that 's a new record ! he beat he last one by a whole second ! whoo - hoo ! Al start clap . denise and Vicki stare at Al , and then follow suit . ext : hilgart special house - day Al 's truck and denise 's van be park in front of the hilgart special House . a nativity scene 's out front in which all the main player ( Mary , Joseph , Wise Men ) be in wheelchair . as denise and Vicki unload they camera gear , Al struggle to get Fred out of he truck and into the wheelchair . DENISE need any help ? Al be obviously strain to lift Fred from the truck . al no ...uh ... i... I get he ... do it all the time . bang . he crack Fred 's head on the truck door . DENISE be you sure ? al uumph ... yeah , it 's ... we have get this down to a science . Al swing Fred over to the chair . Fred 's leg hit it , cause it to topple over with a crash . al ( cont . ) not a problem , not a problem , happen all the time ... 31 . Al , while still hold Fred , attempt to flip the chair back upright with he foot . thwack ! it flip up and hit Fred in the face . denise and Vicki cringe . Al dump Fred into the chair . then turn to they , smile . al ( cont . ) all right ! let 's have some fun ! int : hilgart special house - day Close on miss hilgart , a heavyset , husky -voice woman who be in charge of the house and everything else she can get she hand on . a smile so broad it 's rather terrifying . miss hilgart helloooooco000 ! you must be Fred . Fred nod to she . she nod back . miss hilgart ( cont . ) I be miss hilgart . welcome to the hilgart special House . she grab Fred 's chair , and push he into the house 's main room . denise and the crew follow , filming . in the main room the six tenant wait in they electronic wheelchair . miss hilgart ( cont . ) all right , everybody , let 's give a big hilgart special House welcome to Fred ! the tenant smile and wave . miss hilgart push Fred over to meet they one by one . miss hilgart ( cont . ) Fred , meet melvin ... melvin be a African - american man with cerebral palsy and a big toothy smile . melvin sweetness ! miss hilgart gladys ... Charlie ... gladys , pudgy with wild hair , smile at Fred . charlie , skinny , with thick glass , type into he talk machine . charlie' talking machine hello . do you like abbott and costello ? 32 . miss hilgart Nick and isabel shumway ... nick and isabel , a older couple hold hand , wave hello to Fred . miss hilgart turn to Al and the crew . miss hilgart ( cont . ) be not they cute ? ( to Fred ) and last , but not least , be ronnie . ronnie be the guy who catch the football in the open scene . miss hilgart park Fred 's chair next to he . ronnie hey , I remember you from the game . great catch . ronnie pat he on the back . Fred smile . denise , filming , be touch Fred 's already make friend . miss hilgart and , of course , I have get my own special helper , Alice and Pablo . miss hilgart point to alice and pablo , hispanic aide there to cook and clean and do all the dirty work . she make she way to the front of the room . miss hilgart ( cont . ) all right , everybody , let 's settle down . they be already completely still and silent . miss hilgart ( cont . ) we have get something very special for you today . some of you may remember this musical group who come to visit we last month . let 's give a warm welcome to Dave and Ben baxter , otherwise know as ... the funky folk ! miss hilgart applaud . then dave and BEN baxter , wear match rainbow outfit and peppy attitude , run out to the front of the room . Ben have a guitar , and Dave carry a tambourine . they begin perform . dave and BEN she will be wheeling round the mountain when she come ( more ) 33 . dave and BEN ( cont would ) she will be wheeling round the mountain when she come ... Fred and the tenant stare blankly at the baxter . miss hilgart clap along happily . denise turn to Al . DENISE while the show 's on , can we go outside and talk to you for a bit ? al sure . denise motion to Vicki , and they leave . Fred watch they go . horrify at be leave behind . ext : hilgart special house - day Al sit on a bench by the pond , be interview by denise and Vicki . DENISE so how do Fred support himself ? what do he do to make a live ? Al stare back at she . no idea how to answer this question . he quickly look around . see Pablo carry two paint bucket to the shed . al he paint . DENISE he paint ? al yes . he ...uh ... he paint portrait . with he tooth . do very well . DENISE with he tooth ? al oh yeah . he paint better with he tooth than most people do with they hand . VICKI wow. 34 . int : hilgart special house - day Ben and Dave now have Fred and the tenant attempt a wheelchair - base version of the " hokey pokey . " Mrs. hilgart push Fred 's chair around . he 's not enjoy this . dave and BEN you put you leave wheel in , you put you leave wheel out , you put you leave wheel in , and you shake it all about ! ext : hilgart special house - day Al continue the interview , pose against a tree . laying it on thick , very comfortable and confident now . al sure he would be better off with a electronic wheelchair . but he 's so proud , that Fred . so proud . DENISE it just seem that someone with that severe of a disability -- I mean , it look just like a ordinary fold - out wheelchair you would find at a hospital . al I know . I know . ( shake he head ) he 's so proud . int : hilgart special house - day close on miss hilgart . miss hilgart quiet time ! she dim the light in the main room , as Alice and Pablo place quilt on the tenant . Fred sit patiently as Alice place a quilt over he . miss hilgart turn on the boom box , which play " Music box dancer . " the tenant all stare with loathing at the boom box , which have be conveniently place out of the reach of anyone in a wheelchair . isabel miss hilgart ? could we possibly have a different quiet time song ? 35 . miss hilgart well , we will have to vote on that at next year 's roundtable , isabel . miss hilgart smile and leave the building . as soon as she 's go , Pablo and Alice quickly leave the rec room and head for the office . shut the door . muffled lovemake begin behind the door . back in the rec room , the tenant sit in a circle endure the music , have quiet time . Fred glance up at the clock . it 's 3:14 . he grit he tooth . where 's Al ? crash ! Fred quickly turn to the sound of metal hit the floor , and see -- ronnie lie on the floor , he wheelchair somehow tip on its side . his head turn at a awkward angle . ronnie help ! help ! Fred stare at he . the worker be nowhere to be find . the other tenant begin freaking out and scream . ronnie 's face start to turn purple . Fred look around . still no sign of the worker . that 's it . he bolt out of he chair , and rush over to help ronnie . quickly lift up he chair . and as soon as he do , ronnie smile . perfectly fine . he start to laugh . Fred stare at he . stun . the other tenant laugh as well . several of they exchange money . melvin grab a five dollar bill from Charlie . melvin sweetness ! Fred look at all the tenant laugh at he , spin around in they chair in delight . Fred stare , freak out . fred what be wrong with you people ? ronnie well , for starter , none of we can walk . fred I think you be die ! 36 . ronnie sorry . I could not resist . fred but how would -- how would you know I be not , you know , one of you ? more laughter from everyone in the house . the tenant all begin imitate Fred 's imitation of a disabled person . tenant aaannh ! aaannh ! unnnh ! Fred be extremely uncomfortable . ronnie turn to he . ronnie you impression be a little over the top . plus , you have get pretty well - develop calve for a guy confine to a wheelchair . Fred glance self - consciously at he calve . isabel but do not worry - - other people will not notice . charlie' talking machine they will try not to look at you . ronnie so . you must want one of that ball pretty bad . fred it 's not for I . it 's for my fiancee 's kid . who , by the way , be bear with all he internal organ backwards , which I think ought to count for something with you people . isabel ( smile at Fred ) you must love you fiancee a awful lot . fred well ...sure. ( to the whole group ) look . I have get nothing against disability . I 'ma big fan of Jerry Lewis and he whole thing . ( more ) 37 . fred ( cont would ) and I personally have install in the neighborhood of sixty - three access ramp so you all can wheel up to Starbucks with the rest of we . I just -- ronnie do not worry , Fred : you secret 's safe with we . fred you will not tell ? ronnie you kid ? it 's way too much fun watch you suffer . he laugh , and everyone join in . Fred grimace . int : truck - night Al drive the truck , and Fred sit shotgun , stare straight ahead . in complete , extremely thick silence . for thirty second they drive , neither say a word . Al occasionally glance over at Fred . Fred give he a lethal look , eye burn with anger . then just stare ahead say nothing . then after thirty second of complete silence , Al turn on the radio . it 's hanson sing " mmm - bop . " Al pretend to enjoy it . adjust the mirror . turn on the windshield wiper and the spray . but nothing can fill the deafen silence between they . Al pull over next to the construction site . ext : construction site - continuous Fred and Al exit the truck . Fred stare at the site in disbelief . fred oh no . what would they do ? what would the moron do ? Fred walk up the step to the building . they end at a wall . the door frame be about ten foot to the right . fred ( cont . ) would not it make more sense to have the entrance over here , where the stair be ??? 38 . al probably . fred I would have give they more detailed instruction , but I do not , you know why ? al why ? fred because I do not realize I be go to spend the whole day in a freaking wheelchair ! ( beat ) great . we be gonna have to fix this tonight . and I be gonna have to cancel my date with Rhonda ! al look , so it be not the great day . but now you have do you time . the worst be over ! int : denise' apartment - night there be several frame poster on the wall from previous denise popnik documentary : happy meal , happy face : a visit to Ronald McDonald House , hope without hand : the Tracy mcfadden Story , and faith without foot : the billy laguna Story . denise and Vicki sit on the couch eat takeout chinese and watch video footage of Fred in he wheelchair . denise smile . DENISE I can not put my finger on it , but there 's something different about this guy Fred . something special . VICKI yeah . denise stare at the screen , deep in think . DENISE let 's get Fred back to the hilgart House tomorrow . ( smile ) I think we have find we star . 39 . music up ( " Music box dancer " ) as the montage begin . int : hilgart special house - day Fred sit in he wheelchair in the hilgart House . slow push in on he . just sit there . int : stairwell - day chuck-a-tuh chuck-a-tuh chuck -a-tuh ! Fred fly down the stair again as denise film . ext : hilgart special house - day ronnie , isabel , and Fred sit in a row , ronnie and isabel hold up they mercury pearson football . denise film they , a big smile on she face . int : hilgart special house - day Fred and the other tenant sit watch the funky folk put on a extremely lame puppet show as denise and Vicki film . ext : hilgart special house - day Fred sit in front of a canvas , hold a paintbrush in he mouth , attempt to paint a portrait of Alice as the camera crew film . his face be cover with paint fleck . we see the painting : a shapeless black blob . Al turn to denise and Vicki . be he good or what ? int : construction site - night Fred and Al work at the construction site at night , fix whatever mistake be make that day , pound in nail . Fred 's piss off . fred and another thing -- no more leave I alone at the house while you go out for lunch with the girl ! al but you be not alone -- you be with you special friend . fred they be not my special friend ! al Real nice attitude . Fine , I be sorry . it will not happen again . 40 . int : hilgart special house - day Fred , sit in he chair , look out the window as Al , denise , and Vicki drive away , leave he behind . miss hilgart poke she head in the doorway . miss hilgart all right , bathtime ! who 's first ? all of the tenant quickly move they wheelchair backwards . leave Fred out front . miss hilgart smile . ext : construction site - day Rhonda walk up to the body in motion work site . find Joe , ask he where Fred be . Joe shrug . have no idea . Rhonda frown , suspicious . where could Fred be ? int : hilgart special house - day quiet time . ronnie give Fred tip as the other tenant watch . ronnie no , no , it 's more like this : '' ennnh . ennnh . " fred annnh . annnh . ronnie no . " '' ennnh . " fred enhhh . ronnie perfect . fred enhhh . ( suddenly realize ) you be screwing with I , be not you ? ronnie smile , and the other tenant laugh . Fred grimace . ext : hilgart special house - day Al pick up the mike boom . turn to Vicki . 41 . al so how do this work ? this be ... this be fascinating to I . VICKI ( take it and demonstrate ) well , you just put one hand here ... and another here , and then hold it close to the sound . without get it in the frame . al wow . that sound hard . like this ? Al hold the mike boom intentionally incorrectly . Vicki shake she head . VICKI no , like this . she stand behind he , show he where to put he hand . Al smile at the closeness . int : rhonda's house - night Rhonda sit on the couch fill out a cosmopolitan quiz : " be you man cheate ? " check box after box . get increasingly upset . ext : hilgart special house - day bang ! a start pistol go off . slow-motion : the tenant and Fred ( push by Al ) immediately start speed toward a finish line 25 yard away . denise and Vicki catch all of the drama on film . quickly Al and Fred pull into the lead , Al run as hard as he possibly can . he pants as he sprint toward the finish line , leave the other in the dust . Fred break through the ribbon . Al raise he arm up high in triumph , enjoy the glorious victory . ext : construction site - night Fred and Al work together on the dance studio at night , fix a mislaid wooden floor . al I get a date with Vicki Sunday . ( smile ) ( more ) 42 . al ( cont would ) I tell ya , I have get many method of snagging babe , but this friend - of - a-guy-in - a- wheelchair routine be a goldmine ! fred even better than wave a long skinny object and pretend it 's you penis ? al Way better . only problem be , Vicki want I to bring along someone for denise . fred what ... she do not have a boyfriend ? al guess not . the two of they get back to work . Fred appear deep in think . ext : STREET - day close on a headline in the local San Diego newspaper 's sport section : " MERCURY out for rest of season -- torn acl end record-break season at 26 td catch . " pull back to reveal lester next to a newspaper dispenser , stare at the headline in horror . lester no. no. ( beat ) that be my ball . my ball !!! int : hilgart special house - day Fred sit in he wheelchair in front of a class of third grade kide and they teacher , mrs . forman . Al be there also , with denise and the film crew filming . mrs . forman ..- because everybody be special in he or she own way . ( beat ) now , Mr. mccripple , before we go , we have get a little surprise for you . do not we , child ? 43 . the kid clap and squeal with delight . Fred attempt a smile . what next ? mrs . forman ( cont . ) when Ms. popnik tell we about you situation and special need , the child look at the money they would earn for they disneyland trip and we all decide -- bratty kid not I ! mrs . forman we all decide to use it to get you a special gift . Ms. popnik ? denise open the door and bring in -- a brand new fully - automate wheelchair . sleek , high tech , the ultimate in disabled transportation . Fred stare at it . DENISE come on , Fred . do not you wanna try it out ? she and Al help pull Fred out of he old wheelchair into the new one . Al put Fred 's hand on the joystick control . he push it and the wheelchair jerk forward . the child and Mrs. forman ooh and ahh , impressed . DENISE ( cont . ) look , it even have a talk machine ! denise point to a talking machine and keyboard attach to the chair . pushes a button on it . the machine voice be a dull computerize monotone , with inflection in all the wrong place . fred' talking machine welcome to the speakeasy 2000 . just type and listen . DENISE so , Fred : how do you like you new wheelchair ? Fred look up at denise . at the kid . he hunt and peck for a bit . click -click -click he type away at the keyboard as everyone watch expectantly . click -click -click -click he continue to type furiously . then push one last button . 44 , fred' talking machine fine . everyone applaud Fred 's accomplishment . it 's a great day for Mrs. forman 's class . ext : hilgart special house - day thud . the new wheelchair smashes into a garbage can . Fred back up , run over a small tree . Al walk next to he as they cross the grounds alone . Fred look concerned . fred I do not know . I be start to feel like maybe we should not be do this . Al glance over at Vicki and denise put equipment back into the van in the distance . al nooooo ! we should ! come on , look at how happy you make all that kid . it 's right . very right ! fred but denise , she whole documentary ... al -.- be almost over ! just one more week , Fred . do not give up now ! please ! int : fred' apartment - night late at night . Fred be alone in he apartment in the new wheelchair , type into he talk machine 's stenographic keyboard . press enter . fred' talking machine DENISE , there be something I have to tell you . Fred nod , and type some more . press enter . fred' talking machine ( cont . ) I am not really special . Fred type some more . press enter . 45 . fred' talking machine ( cont . ) I pretended to be disabled to get a football for my fiancee's son . i'm sorry . Fred sit there in he wheelchair in silence . ext : hilgart special house - evening Al sit next to Fred in he wheelchair on the special House grounds . denise and the camera crew be filming , and Al be lay it on thick . al no , no , I do not see it as a sacrifice . because I have always believe that the more you give , the more you get in return . and every second I spend with Fred here be a precious little gift he 's give I . be not that right , buddy ? Al smile at Fred . Fred smile back . type into he talk machine . fred' talking machine al beat I . Al 's jaw drop . denise and Vicki stare in horrify shock . Al turn to the camera , panic . attempt a laugh . al he 's joke , he 's just joke . he 's get a very ... very ... very , you know , weird sense of humor . right , Fred ? everyone watch nervously as Fred type something into the talk machine . fred' talking machine just joking . ha ha ha . a audible sigh of relief , as everyone laugh just to relieve the tension . DENISE you really have we go there , Fred . all right , let 's head out ! 46 . int : special bus - night Fred sit in the house 's special access bus with the other tenant and the film crew , plus Pablo and Alice . the tenant be all extremely excited , stare out the window . nick look ! there 's a mall there now ! VICKI that mall 's be there for year . ronnie miss hilgart do not let we get out much . ( to denise ) so denise . what 's the surprise ? where be we go ? denise smile , then pull Fred 's bowl ball bag out from under the front seat . DENISE we be go bowl ! the bus pull into the bowl alley parking lot . Fred and Al stare at the place in horror . al here ? on league night ? Fred give Al a look . do something ! as the bus pass by the entrance , Al open the door and rush out . al ( cont . ) let I see if I can get we a lane ! int : bowling alley - continuous Al burst inside the bowl alley , which be fill with regular league bowler . include Joe and Steve . he quickly go to the main desk , and grab the microphone , swinging it towards he . his voice boom throughout the alley . al attention , everyone . ( the microphone hum ) Fred be crippled and retarded . please play along . ( beat ) thank you very much . 47 . Al put the microphone back . just then , the door open , and Fred roll inside . along with the other tenant , denise and Vicki , and Pablo and Alice . Joe and Steve watch from they lane . Steve stare , horrify . steve oh no . oh please God no . Fred wheel nervously toward the front desk with the group . various bowlers wave to he from they lane . bowler # 1 hey , Fred ! bowler # 2 hi , Fred ! Fred smile back at they , very uncomfortable . ronnie and the other smile , enjoy this a lot . Al quickly join the group . al wow , this be great ! Fred , guess who 's here ? all this people who know you ! and look , it 's Joe and Steve ! Joe and Steve approach Fred . Steve look very disturb . joe hey , Fred . uh...how 's it hangin ' ? Fred push a button on he keyboard . fred' talking machine hi . steve oh , Fred . Steve , overcome with emotion , run away cry . al ( to denise ) must be the new chair . DENISE so you guy bowl with Fred ? joe oh yeah . he 's we team leader . the other week he bowl a 230 . 48 . Fred and Al give Joe dirty look . DENISE a 230 ? wow . I would like to see that ! let 's bowl ! int : bowling alley - later denise and Vicki film as the entire alley 's attention be focus on Lane 12 , where Fred prepare to bowl . Al place Fred 's bowl ball in he lap . turn to denise . al watch this . Vicki turn to Joe . VICKI be not it incredible all that Al do for Fred ? joe oh yeah . he 's a regular mother Teresa . Fred line up several yard behind the lane line . take a deep breath . get a determine look on he face . put the chair in gear , and start to roll . pick up speed . everyone watch in nervous anticipation as he get closer . and closer . and -- put on the brake , prepare to drop the ball onto the lane . unfortunately , the wheelchair do not stop . it just keep sliding forward on the incredibly slick lane . Fred pull on the joystick every which way , but the wheelchair zoom relentlessly on , weaving back and forth . until -- thud ! he connect with the wall at the end of the lane . the force of it knock the ball off of he lap . crash ! it connect with the pin . knock all of they down . there 's complete silence in the bowl alley . and then Al begin to clap . al yes ! a strike ! whoo-hooooo ! everyone else realize they be suppose to clap , so they do . the alley 's fill with applause and cheer and whoops , from denise , the tenant , Joe and Steve , everyone . 49 . Fred turn the wheelchair around . acknowledge the applause with a weak smile . int : bowling alley - later swish ! squeak ! the alley be now fill with tenant in wheelchair slide across the slick lane toward the pin . crash ! melvin connect and get a spare . melvin sweetness ! Alice and Pablo watch , shaking they head . alice miss hilgart would not like this . Fred and denise sit together off to the side drink coke . DENISE so what do you think , Fred ? think this be all worth it ? think anybody 's go to care about we little documentary ? Fred push a few button on he speakeasy 2000 . fred' talking machine it will be great . you be a great director . denise look at Fred sweetly . DENISE oh , Fred . you life must be so hard , yet you still manage to find the time to lift other people up . how do you do it , Fred ? what 's you secret ? Fred look at denise . then down at he speakeasy 2000 . click on a file mark " confession . " the screen flash " loading ... please wait . " a little rectangle begin fill up to show its progress . DENISE ( cont . ) you know why I be do this documentary , Fred ? not many people know this , but ... I have a little brother , Patrick , who be bear with muscular dystrophy . 50 . denise open up she wallet . show Fred a picture of patrick , a smile young boy in a wheelchair . DENISE ( cont . ) I be , in a way sometimes I be horrible to he , not that I mistreate he or anything , I just , inside I always feel resentful of all the special treatment he get : the extra toy at Christmas , the special trip for ice cream , stuff like that . and so I guess maybe by do this documentary I be try to , in some small way , make it up to he . to make up for the way he be treat all he life : as a freak , a object of pity , a joke . you would not believe how insensitive some people be to the disabled , Fred . you would not believe it . ( sigh ) what be I say ? of course you know . Fred stare at denise . move . realize he can not possibly confess now . look down at the speakeasy 2000 . the rectangle be almost fill ! he panic , begin hit key , try to stop it . no such luck . denise notice he seem to be disturb . DENISE ( cont . ) be everything okay , Fred ? the rectangle fill up . " file load . " Fred type madly on the keyboard . fred' talking machine DENISE , there be something I have to tell you . bang ! bang ! bang ! Fred pound away at the speakeasy 2000 , try to stop the message . DENISE what , Fred ? what do you have to tell I ? he moan loudly , try to drow out the voice . 51 . fred aaannhh ! aaaannhhh ! DENISE ( panic ) what 's wrong ? be it something I say ? be you -- fred' talking machine I am not really spshnllggrrrddd ... the voice slow down as if it be melting , and the message stop . Fred stop pound and calm down . denise be relieved . feel terrible . DENISE I be sorry , Fred , I be sorry ... I do not know it would affect you like that . I be sorry . Fred look up at denise . if she feel terrible , he feel worse . DENISE ( cont . ) listen . tomorrow night I be have dinner at my parent ' . would you -- and please feel free to say no -- would you want to come with I ? Fred look up at denise . tempted by the invitation . but not quite sure . DENISE ( cont . ) please ? they be die to meet you . denise look pleadingly at Fred . he can not resist . type into the keyboard . fred' talking machine sure . ( the machine keep go ) sure . ( Fred whacks it ) welcome . int : bowling alley restroom - later Fred enter and roll to the handicapped stall . unfortunately , it 's occupy . he sigh . then hear a flush . the stall door open , and out wheel -- lester . he fix Fred with a pierce stare . 52 . lester so . we meet again . Fred stare back at lester . smile . lester do not smile back . he circle Fred creepily . lester ( cont . ) look , I do not know what sort of game you be play , Mr. mccripple - - but I know what I see that Sunday at the stadium . and if you be disabled , I be mercury pearson . who I would like to be , but I be not . even if some people call I mercury . ( beat ) the point be , that be my ball . not yours . and from now on I be go to do everything in my power to bring you down . you will rue the day you ever cross lester kinney ! you will rue the day ! lester give Fred a pierce look , then turn to make a dramatic exit . unfortunately he can not get out the door . vzzzt . he back up , try again . still can not do it . v2zz2t . vzzzt . keeps try . and finally get out the door . Fred stare at the door as it close . type into the speakeasy 2000 . fred' talking machine crap . int : rhonda's house - night later that night . Christmas carol play as Fred , Rhonda , and curtis decorate the Christmas tree . have hot dog for dinner . rhonda but we be go out to dinner tomorrow night . I get a sitter and everything . fred I know , babe . it 's just this dance studio 's keep I so busy . Rhonda stare at Fred . suspicious and hurt . rhonda be it ? be it ??? 53 . she hurl a mound of tinsel at the tree . rhonda ( cont . ) Nice Christmas ! and she storm out . slam ! go a door . Fred sigh . what would I do ? turn to curtis . who hold out a half - eat hot dog . curtis wanna bite of my weiner , Fred ? ( beat ) I know how much you love weiner ! curtis chew away , smile . Fred stare at he . trapped . ext : hilgart special house - day establish . miss hilgart ( 0.s. ) thank you , gladys . and what be you special dream , Charlie ? int : hilgart special house - same Fred and the tenant sit across from miss hilgart . miss hilgart and remember : get to leave the house more do not count . charlie' talking machine I want to be a comedian . like abbott and costello . someday I want to meet they . miss hilgart that 's a lovely dream , Charlie . unfortunately , they be both dead . how about you , Nick and isabel ? isabel nicky and I never get to go ona honeymoon . that 's we dream . nick to Hawaii . miss hilgart nod , roll she eye . then turn to Fred . miss hilgart and how about you , Fred ? what 's you dream ? 54 . Fred look at miss hilgart . type into he machine . fred' talking machine to get out of this chair . miss hilgart yes , but ... that 's not likely to happen , Fred . ronnie why not ? I believe someday Fred will get out of that chair , stand up and walk . I really do . ronnie give Fred a wink , then turn to miss hilgart . she turn away , address the rest of the group . miss hilgart yes , well , we all have we little dream that help we get through life , do not we ? ( get a faraway look ) I , for one , once dream that I would find someone . not someone particularly handsome , or rich , or strong , just ... someone who would love I , and want to share the rest of he life with I . ( beat ) but instead I get all of you . and I be just as happy . ( big smile ) all right . quiet time ! miss hilgart get up and turn on the boom box . " Music box dancer " play . she leave the room . as soon as she 's go , ronnie turn to Fred . ronnie so I hear about you big date with denise tonight . ronnie raise he eyebrow up and down . Fred shake he head . fred it 's not a date . it 's just dinner . with she parent . ronnie you like she , do not you ? ronnie chair . ronnie it . all of 55 . fred what ? ronnie you like she . fred I do not know what you be talk about . smile . pull a paisley tie out of a pouch in he hold it out to Fred . ronnie here . wear this tonight . whenever I have wear it , I have have major success . wink at Fred and hand he the tie . Fred look at fred I be not wear this tie . and it 's not a date . it 's just dinner . with she parent . the tenant laugh , join in on the conversation . charlie' talking machine tell I another one . fred look , I have already get a fiancee ! and besides , there 's no way denise be interested in I ! ronnie why not ? fred why not ? come on ! as far as she 's concerned , I be - - Fred stop suddenly . realize what he be about to say . there 's silence in the room . ronnie you be what , Fred ? fred nothing . ronnie give Fred a long look . 56 . ronnie you have get a lot to learn about love , Fred . isabel ( to ronnie ) we all do . have that buffy the vampire girl ever write you back ? ronnie ( defensively ) she 's a very busy woman ! and she 's a slayer , not a vampire ! she kill vampire ! isabel roll she eye . turn to Fred , a know smile on she face . isabel the boy do have a point , Fred . I have see the way you look at denise . the way you face light up when she smile at you . ( beat ) and the way you be blush now . fred I be not blush ! and it 's not a date ! it 's a informal dinner ! ext : popnik home - night ding -dong ! Fred and denise be at the door of a magnificent three - story mansion in La Jolla . Fred 's wear ronnie 's paisley tie . denise notice he stare at the house . DENISE ( embarrassed ) obscene , be not it ? you should see the one in Greece . ( notice he 's sweat ) you okay , Fred ? Fred nod , sweat more . denise smile . DENISE ( cont . ) I like you tie . here , let I straighten it for you . denise lean over to fix Fred 's tie , and move in close . the smell of she perfume , she hair , she closeness ... it 's almost more than he can bear . 57 . DENISE ( cont . ) there. perfect . just then , the front door open . it 's mr. and mrs . popnik , denise 's parent . Greek , distinguished , and very warm . mrs . popnik hi , sweetie . DENISE hi , mom . hi , dad . ( gesture to he ) this be Fred . Mr. popnik smile and grasp Fred 's hand firmly in he . mr . popnik Fred . Nice to meet you . mrs . popnik I hope you be hungry ! ext : popnik home - night through the window we see the popnik , denise , and Fred all sit around the dinner table . eat , drink , and have a great time together . int : popnik dine room - same Fred finish up a story before a rapt audience . fred' talking machine ..- and then I eat it ! denise and she parent roar with laughter . Fred smile , enjoy the good company . Mr. popnik take a swig of wine . mr . popnik well , denise , I must say , this be big improvement over the last guy you bring home for dinner . mrs . popnik phil ... mr . popnik what be he name ? Chad ? ooh , he be a winner . I especially enjoy the way he refer to you mother as " dude . " 58 . mrs . popnik phil ... ( to denise ) so I finish read you script last night , honey . it be great --- when're you go to make it ? DENISE I do not know , mom . I be still busy with this documentary , and the Paralympics people be talk to I about do wheelchair of Fire . mr . popnik enough with the disability already . six year you have be do the same damn thing . no one want to sit for two hour watch people roll around in wheelchair . it 's depress ! denise and Mrs. popnik fix Mr. popnik with evil look , glance nervously over at Fred . Mr. popnik cringe , realize the implication of what he just say . Mrs. popnik try to do something about the awkward silence . mrs . popnik ( cheerfully ) so ... who want dessert ? fred' talking machine right here , dude . everyone look at Fred . and burst into laughter at he joke . Fred smile , bask in the warmth of this family . int : al' apartment - night Al and Vicki lie in bed in he apartment . stare straight ahead in silence . awkward silence . VICKI maybe you have be spend too much time with handicapped people . Al take a deep breath . extremely uncomfortable . then finally turn to Vicki . suddenly a little boy . al could we maybe just ... cuddle ? 59 . Vicki nod , eye drip with sympathy . she move in close and they snuggle . Al close he eye , get in touch with he sensitive side . ext : popnik backyard - night dinner be long over , and denise and Fred walk alone through the immense backyard , next to a stun pool . DENISE my parent love you , you know . and they be pretty particular . fred' talking machine I wish i'd have a family like that . denise look sympathetically at Fred . wanting to get the detail , but feel too awkward to ask . she gesture to the grounds . DENISE I have such great memory of this backyard . my parent use to have this huge formal party out here . ( laugh ) and you know what Patrick and I use to do ? we have this game where we would wander around the party and see who could get away with touch the most people 's butt . Fred laugh . denise laugh with he . DENISE ( cont . ) Patrick always win , of course , ' cause people think it be just part of he disability . the " uncontrollable butt-touch disease . " ( laugh ) but once ... once I touch Barry manilow 's butt . and that night Patrick concede the win to I . denise smile and get a faraway look in she eye . then turn to Fred . DENISE ( cont . ) I think he would like what we be do . the documentary and everything . do not you think he would like it ? 60 . fred' talking machine what' you screenplay about ? denise look at Fred , catch off-guard . DENISE oh , it 's just a thing I write . fred' talking machine will you read it to I ? DENISE you really want to read it ? now ? Fred nod . denise smile , flatter . ext : popnik backyard - later as the two of they sit poolside , denise finish read she screenplay to Fred . DENISE " , .. fade out. the end . " denise close the script and look up . see Fred be move . fred' talking machine you have to make that movie . denise be touch by Fred 's response . but she just shake she head . DENISE I can not , Fred . my dad may be right , maybe no one want to see my documentary , but ... but I have get to keep make they . I owe it to my brother . Fred look at denise , try to figure out a way to help she get out of she rut . fred' talking machine I didn't know you brother . but I think he'd want you to make this . Fred point to the screenplay . denise stare at Fred , deeply touch . tear welling up . they eye meet . and suddenly the atmosphere in the room change . just from the way they look at each other . 61 . caught in each other 's eye . heart pound . ding -dong ! it 's the doorbell . neither of they move . DENISE that must be Al . Fred nod . ding -dong ! ding -dong ! int : truck - night Al and Fred drive home . something about this evening have change both of they . al so ... what exactly be go on here ? you still do all this for Rhonda ... or be there some other reason ? fred what ? noooo . it 's nothing like that . Rhonda 's the one for I , it 's just that ... denise ... Al look out the window and see two skimpily - dressed women walk by . he smile at they and tip he hat . al even , lady . Fred give Al a look . surprise at this new attitude towards woman . Al look back at he . what ? Fred turn away , look out the window into the darkness . shake he head . fred she 's so good ... so much better than she think she be . Fred stare out the window . he sigh . fred ( cont . ) and I be so much worse . ext : popnik backyard - night denise sit by the pool , smile . she hear the muffled ringing of a phone . look around , and soon find Fred 's backpack lie on the ground . she quickly open it and answer the cell phone . DENISE hello ? 62. int : rhonda's house - same Rhonda sit on she couch , a empty bottle of vodka on the table , copy of cosmo in she hand . more than a bit tipsy , the female voice on the other end of the line confirm all she worst fear . rhonda who the hell be this ? intercut with denise . DENISE denise popnik . who 's this ? rhonda where 's Fred ? DENISE Fred just leave . who be this ? rhonda this be Fred 's fiancee . denise can not believe what she 's just hear . . DENISE fiancee ? rhonda yeah . fiancee . denise who ? who the hell be you ? DENISE so ... Fred have not tell you about the documentary ? rhonda ( furrow she brow , confuse ) what documentary ? DENISE he 's in a documentary I be make . about the people who get the mercury pearson football . ( realize ) oh no . he must have want it to be a surprise . and now I have ruin it . I be so sorry . ( get a idea ) listen : do not tell Fred we speak . can we get together sometime soon ? ( more ) 63 . DENISE ( cont would ) maybe for dinner ? I would love to interview you for the documentary . rhonda ( smile , flatter ) interview I ? for t.v. ? int : stadium office - day a ever- cheerful Jan sit at she desk in the condor office building . jan now , Mr. kinney ... across from she sit a agitate lester . Jan sigh . lester he turn my chair around , I tell you . he spun I like a top ! he do not belong in that stand ! look through a stack of papers on she desk . jan Mr. kinney . this month alone we have have twelve complaint of you antisocial behavior in the special fan stand . so if there 's anyone who do not belong there , I be afraid it might be you . lester I see . I see . Fine . you wanna play hardball ? I will play hardball . I will bring you proof that Fred mccripple 's a phony . and you will rue the day you ever cross lester kinney ! you will rue it ! lester give Jan a pierce look , then turn to make a dramatic exit . unfortunately , once again he can not get out the door . vzzzt . he back up , try again . still can not do it . vzz2t . vzz2t . lester ( cont . ) ( under he breath ) damn . int : hilgart special house - day miss hilgart turn on the boom box , and " Music box dancer " play again . 64 . miss hilgart all right , everyone , let 's enjoy we quiet time . and when it 's over , guess who 's come back ? the funky folk ! just then Fred enter the room . miss hilgart stare at he . miss hilgart ( cont . ) Fred . we be not expect you today . Fred just shrug . miss hilgart ( cont . ) well , the more the merrier . Fred wheel over to a open spot next to the other , and miss hilgart leave the room . as soon as she do , Fred step out of he chair and head for the boom box . the tenant watch he : what 's he do ? int : hilgart office - later miss hilgart sit at she desk read the personal . she hear the music stop . then change . to the doobie Brothers " takin ' it to the street . " she look up . stands up and rush out of she office . int : hilgart special house - continuous miss hilgart enter the rec room to find it completely empty . Music blaring from the boombox , which have be place up on a shelf out of she reach . she stare , stunne , as outside there be a screech and the roar of a engine . she look out the window just in time to see the special Bus zipping out of the parking lot . int : special bus - same Fred speed the special Bus down the street . the tenant be abuzz with nervous excitement . ronnie but ... but where be we go ? fred we be go everywhere . and do everything . from now on we be gonna live it up , my friend . and nothing 's gonna hold we back ! 65 . melvin sweetness ! ext : beach - day music up . wave , foam , sand , fresh air ... Fred and the tenant romp across the beach ( like the Beatles in help ! ) have a great time . the claustrophobic feel of the hilgart House be mile away . ext : beach - day Fred lead Nick and isabel to a little beach cabana he 's set up , with a small palm tree in front . he give they both leis , then open up the cabana , gesture for they to go inside . ext : beach - day Fred bury ronnie and Charlie in the sand , give they incredibly muscular sand body . ext : beach - day Fred look over at the cabana . Nick and isabel 's wheelchair be park out front . the cabana be shaking like crazy . ext : beach boardwalk - night Fred and Charlie sit in they chair on the boardwalk , perform a classic routine for a group of appreciative spectator . Fred have now completely master the speakeasy . charlie' talking machine well then who' on first ? fred' talking machine yes . charlie' talking machine I mean the fellow's name . fred' talking machine who . charlie' talking machine the guy on first . fred' talking machine who . 66 . charlie' talking machine the first baseman . fred' talking machine who . charlie' talking machine the guy playing ... fred' talking machine who be on first . charlie' talking machine i'm asking you who' on first ! the crowd laugh and applaud , totally enjoy this . Charlie beam . int : special bus - night everyone except Nick and isabel sit in the bus . ronnie check he watch . out the window Nick and isabel 's cabana be still shaking . ext : hilgart special house - night music fade as the special Bus pull up in front of the house . miss hilgart storm up to it , confront everyone . miss hilgart where have you be ? I have be go out of my mind here ! I call the hospital , the police ... ( it just hit she ) and ... who be drive , anyway ? Fred and the tenant stare back at she . ronnie Jesus . int : fred' apartment - night Fred zip around the apartment , completely at home in the wheelchair , follow and complain to Al . fred and it 's not just access problem . you would not believe the way they treat I at this one store when I come wheeling in ... 67 . al wait a minute . you go to the mall ... in the wheelchair ... by yourself ? fred sure , I can get around fine on my own . the point be -- al the point be ? the point be you be not handicapped ! ext : fred' apartment build - same outside Fred 's building , we be in a video camera Pov of he third story window . lester 's campe out in he wheelchair try to get evidence . lester come on , stand up . stand up . but Fred stay in the chair . frustrate , lester lower the camera . then something catch he eye in another window . he zoom in . it 's a young woman get undress . lester ( cont . ) oh yeah . that 's more like it . voice ( 0.s. ) what the hell be you do ? lester turn and see a massive gym guy stand in front of he . angry . gym guy that 's my wife you be peeping at , you perv . the gym guy move toward lester menacingly . lester cower . lester wait ...no , I be not ... you would not hit a guy in a wheelchair , would you ? gym guy no. ( beat ) but he would . 68 . the gym guy point to he friend : a musclebound guy in a wheelchair . the musclebound guy wheel himself up to lester , pull back he fist . fade out . pow ! int : restaurant - night denise stand inside a restaurant entrance wait for Rhonda , look around . a woman in a wheelchair enter . denise see she , smile , and approach she . DENISE Rhonda ? rhonda ( 0.s. ) over here ! startle , denise turn around . and see Rhonda stand there , dress up in she tacky finest . denise stare at she , take aback . DENISE Rhonda ? rhonda you must be denise . Rhonda hold out she hand to shake . denise be still ina daze . Rhonda wave at she . rhonda ( cont . ) hello ? DENISE ( come out of it ) sorry , I be sorry , I be just ... just expect ... never mind , I be sorry . denise shake Rhonda 's hand . Rhonda look she over . rhonda you be very attractive for a documentary filmmaker . int : restaurant - later denise sit across from Rhonda as they eat and talk . DENISE so tell I about you relationship with Fred . how would you two meet ? 69 . rhonda my girlfriend Sheila set we up . on a blind date . DENISE a blind date ? but before you meet , you know he be special , right ? rhonda no . I have no idea . DENISE ( stunne ) you do not ? so ... when you first see he , what be you reaction ? rhonda well ... ( smile and giggle ) I want he . right then and there , you know what I mean ? I mean , there be much more to we relationship now than just sex , but in the beginning , to be honest , it be mostly physical . DENISE really ? rhonda oh yeah . we be all over each other . my girlfriend be totally gross out , but I just look at it like , hey , we want each other , and that 's all that really matter . denise stare at Rhonda . stun . DENISE you be the most open-minded woman I have ever meet . rhonda thank you . DENISE so ... what do you parent think of Fred ? rhonda oh , they have never meet he . 70 . DENISE never ? why ? be you afraid they might not be as accept of Fred as you be ? rhonda accept of he ? why would not they be accept of he ? DENISE ( uncomfortable ) I be sorry ... I do not mean to ... never mind . rhonda I do not see what all this have to do with Fred get the football . ext : STREET - night it 's late at night . the street be wet with rain and desert . Fred roll along the sidewalk in he wheelchair , on which hang a shopping bag . the only sound be the whirr of the wheelchair motor . or be it ? get the feel he 's be watch , Fred look behind he . see only darkness . keeps drive . then stop . as he motor stop , it seem like there 's the sound of another motor stop . Fred look behind . nothing . just darkness . he start the chair back up again . can not shake the feel he 's be follow . there seem to be another motor whirring . he stop suddenly . the other whirr stop as well . Fred look behind he anxiously . nothing . he motor ahead in he wheelchair . pick up speed . go faster and faster . then a shadowy form in a wheelchair appear behind he . it 's lester . with a black eye . a video camera . and a taser . lester get out of the chair , mccripple . or maybe you need a little help . zzzzht-zhht ! lester threaten Fred with the taser . Fred 's eye go wide . Holy crap . Fred push the wheelchair to its limit . lester do as well , and begin to gain on he . the high -speed chase be on . 71 . lester ( cont . ) give up , mccripple ! Fred come to a corner . make a sharp leave . tire squeal as the wheelchair one wheel it around the corner . lester make it to the same corner . turn leave . his tire squeal as he one wheel it , too . around the corner , Fred zoom down the street . find himself racing towards a construction zone . break through the orange streamer barrier . lester do the same . Fred approach a huge crevice in the road up ahead . fortunately , there 's a ramp lead up to it . he grit he tooth . speed up the ramp . and get air ! he clear the crevice and land with a bang ! SPARKS fly as metal hit pavement . lester 's right behind . Flying through the air , landing with spark , and continue he pursuit . lester race after Fred . but he 's lose he . then suddenly he see he wheeling into a dark alley . lester turn around and head after he . he follow Fred into the darkness . lester ( cont . ) I have get you now . get out of that chair or taste the taser . zzhht -zhht . the wheelchair stop . lester smile . lester ( cont . ) that 's what I think . not such a tough guy now , be you ? the wheelchair turn around . revealing -- the musclebound wheelchair guy who give lester the black eye . lester 's face drop . oh no . lester ( cont . ) oh...no ... I think you be someone else ... the musclebound wheelchair guy 's eye darken . he wheel toward lester , ready to strike . lester brandish the taser . 72 . lester ( cont . ) back off ! I be not afraid to use this ! zhhh .... dtt . the taser die . lester look at it . shake it . nothing . uh-oh . the musclebound wheelchair guy smile . pull back a fist . fade out . pow ! int : denise' apartment - night denise and Vicki edit the documentary footage together . denise stare at a montage of image of Fred on the screen . DENISE Vicki ? VICKI yeah ? DENISE last night Fred 's fiancee say they relationship be very ... physical . could you ... could you ever see yourself physically attract to ...? VICKI ewwww . no way . ( beat ) but it take all kind . denise stare at a freeze image of Fred on the monitor . Vicki get up to get some more coffee , and notice a small stack of posterboard on the counter . take a look , and see that they be actually storyboard . hold one up . VICKI ( cont . ) what be this ? DENISE uh ... just some storyboard . VICKI ( excited ) for you script ? DENISE yeah , I be just get some idea together . 73 . Vicki just smile , not want to push the issue . denise turn back to the monitor and get back to work . ext : mall parking lot - day the special Bus make its way through the mall parking lot . approach a handicapped parking spot , but find it occupy . by a shiny new mercede . with no handicapped permit . int : special bus - same Fred 's at the wheel . he stare at the mercede . fred bastard . ronnie they do not have a tag . someone should do something about that . Fred think . then turn back to face ronnie and the tenant . fred how about we ? ronnie we ? ext : mall parking lot - later Fred , ronnie , and the other tenant sit in they wheelchair surround the mercede . all of they hold makeshift sign : " no chair ? don't park there ! " , " we need our space ! " , etc . ronnie have a bullhorn , and lead they in a chant . ronnie " you've got the entire parking lot ! " group '' why do you have to take we spot ? " a small crowd of shopper have stop to gawk at the scene . ronnie '' we have two wheel , you have four ! " group " you should not park here anymore ! " 74 . ronnie all right , everybody , now remember we have get to really freak they out when they show up ! the group laugh . just then , the owner of the car exit the mall and head for the mercede : it 's bucky Parks . the condor owner . carry a Sports chalet bag . in a hurry . he arrive at he car confuse and upset . bucky park what in the Sam Hill be go on here ? ronnie recognize bucky immediately . turn to Fred . ronnie Holy crap . it 's bucky Parks . Fred look a bit worried , but just shrug . ronnie nod and turn to bucky , hold the bullhorn to he lip . ronnie ( cont . ) you be park in a handicapped space . what be you disability ? bucky park ( roll he eye ) look , fella , I sympathize with you cause , but I do not think you realize who you be deal with here . I be a very important man in this town , and have press business to attend to . ronnie really ? well , that 's just too darn bad ! the group erupt in cheer and the chant begin again . a bigger crowd of gawker start to form . group " you have get the entire parking lot ! why do you have to take we spot ? " bucky quickly get into the mercede . tries to back up , but isabel be plant behind he in she wheelchair . he yell at she out the window . bucky park move ! move !!! 75 . she refuse to move . the mercede jerk forward and backward , try to play chicken , but the group will not budge . a local news van arrive , and a crew quickly hop out . ronnie see they . ronnie good . they get my message . Fred look warily at the news crew as they begin filming . bucky , unaware of they , get out of he car . pushed beyond he limit . tries to push ronnie 's chair away . bucky park move out of the way ! ronnie get you hand off my chair ! ronnie drop the bullhorn and begin to fight back , slapping at bucky . now the group go crazy , wheeling over to ronnie 's defense , and still chant . group '' you've got the entire parking lot ! why do you have to take our spot ? we have two wheel , you have four ! you shouldn't park here anymore !!! " the conflict build to a frenzy , the gang surround bucky and chant , until he finally explode . bucky park get away from I you bunch of crippled freak ! int : newsroom - night freeze frame the last image . suddenly we be watch a newscast on television . the image shrink down to reveal a newscaster . newscaster bucky Parks ... wherever he want to , accord to a group of disabled demonstrator at the seaside mall earlier today . more footage of the demonstration and the scene at the mall . 76 . newscaster ( v.o. ) the group be attempt to peacefully protest the misuse of handicapped parking spot when they be attack by the San Diego condor owner , who have illegally park in one of the space while purchase a $ 89 pair of run shoe . back to the newscaster . newscaster bucky Parks have long be a business leader and popular figure in the San Diego community , but he will have a hard time explain he action , and live down the shocking phrase : " get away from I , you bunch of crippled freak . " the image freeze again . int : bucky park office - night pull back to reveal we be in a conference room at condor headquarters . bucky Parks sit at the table surround by a corps of worried - look lawyer and advisor . bucky park everyone be so damned sensitive this day . ( clap hand together ) so . what be we gonna do ? johnson here 's a angle : this handicapped folk just want to be treat like everyone else , right ? so this guy want to start a fight with bucky , and while any other insensitive schmuck would have give he " special treatment " because he 's in a wheelchair , bucky give he a little thing call ... " self respect . " everyone stare at Johnson , who be extremely proud of he idea . bucky grit he tooth . bucky park please tell I someone have a better idea . 77 . jackson okay , picture this : Sunday , the final home game of the season . halftime show entitle " special fan , special people . " jenson no : " bucky Parks present ... special fan , special people . " bucky begin to perk up . jackson yes ! bucky walk onto the field hand in hand with a group of handicapped child . they circle the stadium in a wheelchair parade . bucky park say , that 's not bad . jenson ( on cell phone ) jenni : get I Christopher reeve 's people on the line . now. ( to bucky ) then you step up to the podium wear a Santa hat . holding a check ... johnson one of that giant foam board check . jackson yes ! you give the check to whatever foundation 's get the most publicity lately , and then we end the whole thing with mercury pearson walk -- jenson no-- wheeling -- jackson -- wheeling himself to the center of the field , where he present the last record - break season touchdown football to the special fan who catch it ! ( look down at paper ) " Fred mccripple . " 78 . jenson his name 's mccripple ? ( off Jackson 's nod ) Holy crap , there be a God ! bucky light up with a big smile . bucky park now that be a cracker jack idea ! where be I ? johnson stand right between they . I can hear mercury now : " break the season receive touchdown record be the biggest challenge of my life ... but there be no great challenge than that meet everyday by this special fan . " bucky jump out of he seat , unable to contain himself . bucky park I love it ! ext : stadium - day it 's a beautiful , sunny day . Fred expertly motor he wheelchair up the ramp to the stadium office as denise and Vicki film . smiling . the day he nightmare end . DENISE so this be it , Fred : you be here with you friend , about to get the record - break touchdown ball . could anything be better ? int : stadium office - day close on the smile face of Jan . jan we have get something even better for you than a little old football ! Fred look warily at Jan and Brian , who stand across from he in the stadium office . Al , denise , and Vicki watch . jan ( cont . ) you be go to be the star of tomorrow 's halftime show : " special fan , special people . " 79 . Fred stare at Jan , horrify . look like he may throw up . denise , on the other hand , be ecstatic . DENISE that 's wonderful ! can you believe this , Fred ? fred' talking machine no . jan Mr. Parks feel terrible about yesterday 's little " misunderstanding , " so the entire show be go to be dedicated to the differently able . include a $ 500,000 donation to United cerebral palsy ! after which million of people worldwide will watch as mercury pearson present you with the final record - set touchdown football ! fred' talking machine no . jan yes ! Al go pale . this have now officially get way out of hand . denise turn to Fred , notice he seem concerned . DENISE I know you do not like to think of yourself as special , Fred . but I can not think of anyone who deserve this more . Fred look up at denise . feeling like dirt . ext : stadium - day Fred and Al follow denise and Vicki as they head for the parking lot . hanging back . fred okay , that 's it . there 's no way I be go through with this . I have gotta tell they the truth . al whoa ...hold on . you can not tell the truth . ( more ) 80 . al ( cont would ) we be way beyond public humiliation now . we be talk fraud . you could go to jail . Fred say nothing . still stunne from the latest turn of event . denise call to they from the van . DENISE hurry up , you guy ! we be gonna be late ! al late for what ? DENISE ( smile ) I find out you have be keep a secret from I , Fred mccripple . Fred look up at she . extremely nervous . what now ? DENISE ( cont . ) ( teasingly ) a little secret name Rhonda . why do not you tell I you have a fiancee ? Fred look up at denise , shocked . DENISE ( cont . ) there 's no need to be shy . I have meet she , and think she 's great . and we be all go to she house for dinner right now . Fred stare at denise . horrify . al that 's great . I be starve . Fred give Al a look . Al suddenly realize how bad this news really be . al ( cont . ) Holy crap ! everyone turn to Al . VICKI what ? al I ... I just remember ! I have to go to this thing ! ( more ) 81 . al ( cont would ) this very important thing ! ( look at watch ) Holy crap , look at the time ! I will meet you at Rhonda 's later . bye ! Al jump into he truck , gun the engine , and drive off , wave goodbye . denise and Vicki watch he go , confuse . Fred grimace . this be a total nightmare . ext : rhonda's house - day Al 's truck come to a screeching halt . he leap out of the truck and run around the corner to Rhonda 's house . pound on the door . Rhonda open it . dress to kill . rhonda al. ( look around ) where be everybody ? int : rhonda's house - continuous Al quickly step inside , close the door behind he . curtis jump on the couch bang on a pot with a ladle . al Fred 's come . Nice outfit . curtis Al ! look ! rhonda I know he 's come . I - - al Fred be come , and he 's ina wheelchair . rhonda what ? curtis Al ! look ! al Fred pretend to be disabled to get one of the football ! but he do not get the ball ' till tomorrow , so for the past two week he 's be stick in a wheelchair pretend to be handicapped for this documentary . ( more ) 82 . al ( cont would ) and unless you two keep play along tonight , he will not get the ball , and we will all go to jail . understand ? ding -dong ! someone 's at the door . al ( cont . ) crap ! Al spot a closet and quickly head for it . open up the door and slip inside . al ( cont . ) just play along . and everything ' 1l be fine . he close the door . Rhonda , completely befuddle and flustered , try to get a handle on the situation . ding -dong ! she walk to the door . take a deep breath . and open it . revealing -- Fred . in he wheelchair . behind he be denise and Vicki , filming . fred' talking machine hi there . Rhonda stare at he . try to play along , but it 's a pretty shocking sight . she attempt a smile . rhonda hi. she glance at the film crew , then lean over and give he a kiss . rhonda ( cont . ) come on in , everybody . Fred roll in , follow by everyone else . denise keep filming throughout . Rhonda turn to curtis . rhonda ( cont . ) look who 's here , curtis : it 's Fred . curtis stare at Fred . and instantly break up laughing uncontrollably . denise and Vicki stare at he . rhonda ( cont . ) oh , Fred always know how to make he laugh . you probably do not see , but he just do one of he funny face . do it again for everyone else , Fred . 83. Fred look up at Rhonda . then contort he face the best he can . Rhonda laugh along with curtis . rhonda ( cont . ) ha haha haha ha ! oh , that 's ... that 's a funny one . denise and Vicki stand there stone - face . Rhonda begin to panic . already this be not go well . rhonda ( cont . ) all right , well , dinner 's almost ready , so let 's sit down , shall we ? Rhonda head for the dinner table , try to calm herself and play hostess . stop at the head of the table . rhonda ( cont . ) now , Fred , you sit here ... ( realize ) ... except , of course , there 's ... there 's a chair here , and you do not need a chair , because you have already get one , which be ... which be convenient , be not it ? let I just get rid of this . Rhonda pick up the chair and quickly carry it over to closet . rhonda ( cont . ) I be go to put it in the closet here . she open the closet door so no one else can see inside . put the chair in , hand it to Al . rhonda ( cont . ) ( whisper to Al ) so be he suppose to be retarded or what ? al ( whisper back ) mentally he 's fine , but he can only talk with he machine . he paint with he tooth . Rhonda nod and shut the closet door , leave Al inside hold the chair . Rhonda turn back to the dinner guest , attempt to regain some poise . 84 . rhonda all right , let 's eat ! ding -dong ! Rhonda turn to the door , confuse . rhonda ( cont . ) now who could that be ? DENISE well , it must be you parent . you do invite they , right ? all the blood drain from Rhonda 's face as she remember . utterly horrify . Fred can not believe he ear . oh no . ding - dong ! Rhonda just stand there . DENISE ( cont . ) well , be not someone go to get the door ? Rhonda do not move . denise stop shoot . put she hand on Rhonda 's shoulder . DENISE ( cont . ) it 's okay , Rhonda . the camera make a lot of people nervous . I will get the door . denise go to the door . open it up , revealing -- mr . and mrs . gurney . Conservative , lower middle class , they have make Rhonda what she be today . DENISE ( cont . ) hi. I be denise , the one shoot the documentary . you must be the gurney . Rhonda 's right inside . mr . gurney the heck with Rhonda . we want to meet this fiancee we have hear so much about ! Mr. gurney laugh good - naturedly and come inside with he wife , who giggle along . Mrs. gurney give Rhonda a hug and kiss . mrs . gurney merry Christmas , sweetie . you look great . hi there , curtis ! curtis what ' dja bring I ? 85 . rhonda hima . hi dad . mr . gurney so where be he ? ( hold up hand ) I be ready to give he the old gurney handshake test ! Rhonda look at she parent , mortify . but try to bite the bullet . rhonda ma...dad ... meet fred. Rhonda gesture to Fred , who roll up to the gurney . they stare at he . stun . and horrify . fred' talking machine hi there . the gurney continue to stare , despite they best effort not to . Mrs. gurney attempt a smile . mrs . gurney hello. fred. ( to Mr. gurney ) say hello , Tom . Mr. gurney be speechless . Fred be in hell . Rhonda clap she hand together . rhonda let 's eat ! int : rhonda's house - night it 's the middle of dinner , and everyone sit around the table in complete , extremely awkward silence . denise look around . desperate to break it . DENISE do you bowl , Mr. gurney ? because Fred here be quite the bowler . mr . gurney really ? DENISE maybe the two of you could go bowl together sometime . 86 . Mr. gurney glance over at Fred . he could not imagine a more horrific think . mr . gurney sure . more awkward silence . almost interminable . mrs . gurney you know , the sister of one of we dear friend be now ina wheelchair . and she seem to get along just fine . VICKI that 's nice . more awkward silence . the evening seem to be last forever . pure torture for Fred . and Rhonda . suddenly , there 's a loud crash from inside the closet . everyone turn to look . mr . gurney what be that ? curtis that be Al . he 's hide in the closet . rhonda no he 's not . curtis yeah he be . VICKI Al ! be you in the closet ? silence as everyone stare at the closet door . then a muffle voice come from it . al ( 0.s. ) yes . everyone stare at the closet door , amaze that Al 's inside . DENISE what be you do in there ? silence for six second . then the closet door swing open , and Al burst out hold the chair , a big smile on he face . 87 . al surprise ! I be in there the whole time ! ( laugh ) gotcha ! I gotcha ! you fall for it ! whooo ! Al step up to the table next to Fred . put he hand on Fred 's shoulder . al ( cont . ) it be all this guy 's idea ! this be the mastermind , right here ! ( to Fred ) we do it , Fred ! we do it ! we fool them all ! be that classic or what ? fred' talking machine please stop . Al turn to Mr. and Mrs. gurney . al he 's such a prankster . hi. I be Al norris , Fred 's caretaker . ( point to Fred and Rhonda ) look at this two . do they make a cute couple or what ? the gurney merely smile politely . Al spot a camera on a nearby table . pick it up . al ( cont . ) hey , a camera ! let 's get a picture ! now , Mr. and Mrs. gurney , move in close to Fred and Rhonda . they do , ever so slightly . al ( cont . ) there , that 's better . a little closer . ( they do not move ) closer . ( they tilt they head in ) and just a little bit closer . ( they do not move ) perfect . now smile . Fred , Rhonda , and the gurney produce the four fakest - look smile ever capture on film . flash ! 88. ext : rhonda's house - night the evening be mercifully almost over . Fred and Rhonda be at the door say goodbye to all of the dinner guest . fred' talking machine goodnight . mrs . gurney Nice meeting you , Fred . mr . gurney yes . DENISE goodnight ! Rhonda close the door . Mr. and Mrs. gurney nod goodbye to denise and the Vicki , then head for they car . mrs . gurney oh...my ... word . mr . gurney not ' till we be in the car , Joyce . not ' till we be in the car . int : rhonda's house - same back inside the house , Rhonda shake she head . rhonda so for two week you have be pretend to be like this ? behind my back ? to get a football ? Fred sit in he chair shameface across from Rhonda . fred yes . Rhonda sigh . look down at the floor . and when she look back up , there be tear in she eye . rhonda that be the most noble thing I have ever hear of . Fred stare at Rhonda , shocked at how accept she be of what he 's do . fred well ... I would hardly call it noble ... 89 . rhonda no , it be very noble . ( long beat ) I be not wear any panty . she move in closer and give he a long , hot , seductive kiss . Fred , for the first time , be not into it . Rhonda pull away , confuse . rhonda ( cont . ) what 's wrong ? Fred get up out of the wheelchair . fred I do not know , I be ... I be just tired . it 's be a long day . rhonda yes it have . well , you better rest up . because tomorrow night you be go to need you energy . Rhonda smile seductively at Fred . he attempt a smile back . ext : rhonda's backyard - same outside the window , lester , now with two black eye , film the whole thing with he video camera . he smile . lester I have get you now , you faker . ext : rhonda's house - night Fred wheel out to Al 's truck at the end of the evening . al all right , let 's load it up . fred you know what ? I think I be just gonna wheel myself home . al you sure ? fred yeah . and Fred turn the wheelchair and head down the sidewalk . Al watch he go , concerned . 90 . al you okay , Fred ? Fred stop the wheelchair . turn around . fred all I want be a football . a freaking football . then he turn back around , and wheel into the night . int : stairwell - night Fred lug the heavy wheelchair up the stair to he apartment . exhausted , drain , just thankful he day from hell be over . he arrive at he apartment door . unlock it and enter . int : fred' apartment - continuous Fred drag the wheelchair inside . it get catch on the doorway . he pull harder on it . it will not budge . harder . bucky park ( 0.s. ) do not bother with the wheelchair , Mr. molinski . Fred freeze . then turn and see two shadowy form sit in the darkness across from he . a cloud of smoke billow up from one . he turn on the light . and see bucky Parks and lester . the jig be up . bucky park have a seat . unless , of course , you would prefer to stand . Fred just stand there . paralyze . bucky park ( cont . ) never . never in my fifty - two year on God 's sweet earth have I come across anything so morally reprehensible . ( shake he head ) you know what I want to do ? I want to expose you for the slime you be . let the world see the fraudulent filth that call itself Fred molinski . ( more ) gl . bucky park ( cont . ) ( cont would ) throw you sorry scheme behind in jail and let you rot there with the other scum . lester smile , enjoy this moment incredibly . bucky park ( cont . ) unfortunately , I can not do that . lester ( horrify ) what ??? fred ( stunne ) you can not ? bucky park fact be , the condor franchise do not need another scandal right now . what it do need be a positive , uplift halftime show . and that 's just what it 's gonna get . fred but ... bucky park you will continue to be Fred mccripple . you will wheel onto that field tomorrow afternoon , give a nice little speech on that talk machine of yours , and accept you football . and no one will be any wiser . lester wait a minute . you be just go to let he get away with it ? bucky park do you want to meet mercury pearson ? lester yes . bucky park then shut up ! fred but ...but ... what about denise ? the documentary ? 92 . bucky park no one else need to know . just that of we in this room . and after Sunday , we will all forget it ever happen . bucky look Fred right in the eye . Fred ext : it 's int : Fred bucky park ( cont . ) congratulation , boy . look like you be gonna pull it off . ( beat ) but in my eye , you be still sewage . stare back at bucky . feeling like it . rhonda's house - day Sunday morning . the day of the big game . rhonda's house - same eat breakfast while Rhonda look over the speech . curtis roll around the kitchen in the wheelchair . rhonda this be a beautiful speech , Fred . fred yeah . I just wish I do not have to , you know , lie in front of all that people ... curtis make a face and drool , spin in the chair . curtis look ! I be a retard ! rhonda but it 's a good lie . a lie for charity . just think of curtis and I when you be up there today . think of why you be do this , and everything ' 1l be fine . int : truck - day Fred ride next to Al as he drive to the special House . al so ... Parks want you to keep pretend ? 93. fred yeah . al unbelievable ! so everything 's go to work out ! fred yep . int : special bus - day Fred sit in the bus with ronnie and the gang , head for the stadium . they be all ( except for Fred ) extremely excited . ronnie this be a great day , Fred , a real victory for that of we with disability . we win ! we win money for research ... isabel increase visibility for we cause ... charlie' talking machine and most importantly , dignity . ext : stadium - night donny and marie sing " proud Mary , " back by a gospel choir in wheelchair . donny and marie Rolling ! gospel choir oooh ! donny and marie Rolling ! gospel choir oooh ! welcome to the halftime show ! broadcast live nationwide ! a group of dancers in wheelchair zip across the field in rhythm to the music . donny and marie Rolling on the river ! 94 . a marching band in wheelchair roll down the field accompany the choir . pah - pah -puhpuh -pah - pah ! they segue into the next number . donny and marie ( cont . ) you just roll with it , baby ! come on and just roll with it , baby ! ronnie and the other tenant watch the show in absolute horror . Fred wait nervously in the tunnel . a small mike attach to he speakeasy 2000 . then a hand gently touch he shoulder . it 's denise . DENISE nervous ? Fred look up at she . manage a half -smile . DENISE ( cont . ) I know I would be . but do not worry . just be yourself , and everything ' 1l work out fine . she squeeze he hand , and head out to the field . Fred watch she go . announcer ( 0.s. ) and now , lady and gentleman : bucky Parks ! the music abruptly change to a inspirational ballad . then bucky Parks appear in the middle of the field , hold hand with a circle of handicapped child , wear a santa hat . donny and marie I believe I can fly I believe I can touch the sky ! bucky leave the handicapped child behind , and step up to a stand in the center of the field . handicapped ramp lead up to it from both side . donny and marie ( cont . ) I think about it every night and day , spread my wing and fly away ! and then ... from the leave come mercury pearson , roll in he wheelchair , hold the prize football . the crowd go wild . 95 . and then ... from the right come Fred in he wheelchair . the crowd go wild again . donny and marie ( cont . ) I believe I can soar I see I run through that open door .. everyone be there : Al and Vicki , ronnie and the gang , miss hilgart , Rhonda , curtis , lester , Jan , Brian , Steve and Joe . denise and Vicki film the whole spectacular . bucky Parks applaud along with the entire stadium as the music reach a dramatic crescendo and mercury and Fred roll up to the stand . donny and marie ( cont . ) oh , I believe I can fly ! finally , Fred and mercury arrive in place . bucky Parks smile and step up to the mike . bucky park lady and gentleman : number 88 , mercury pearson , and special fan Fred mccripple ! the crowd rise to its foot , cheer and applaud like crazy , give this two heroes a stand ovation . bucky park ( cont . ) today be a very special day . a day to honor that with special need . and a day to focus on the positive . ( beat ) you know , break the season receive touchdown record be the biggest challenge of mercury 's life ... but there be no great challenge than that meet everyday by this special fan . lester then roll up to the side of the stand hold a giant foamboard check . bucky park ( cont . ) that 's why I be go to rise to the challenge by donate $ 500,000 in Fred 's name to United cerebral palsy ! the crowd cheer , the band play , everyone join in the celebration of charity and goodness and positivity . 96 . bucky park ( cont . ) and now ... mercury ? mercury roll up close to Fred . hold out the ball . MERCURY pearson Fred . with much congratulation from myself and the entire condor organization , here be my autograph and authenticate record - break twenty - sixth receive touchdown football ! Fred stare at the ball . look at the crowd of 70000 fill the stadium . at ronnie and the gang . at denise . then reach out and take the football . the crowd go wild . Rhonda and curtis celebrate . he get the ball ! denise smile , capture it all on film . Fred look out at the entire scene . deep in think . and then ... against all reason , and almost every instinct he 's get ... fred stand . and take a step up to the mike . instantly a hush fall over the crowd . 70000 heart skip a beat . Al put he head in he hand . denise stare in shock . a flustered bucky Parks begin shouting . bucky park it 's a miracle ! a miracle ! he can walk ! he give Fred a stern " do not screw with I " look . Fred just grab the microphone away from he . and address the crowd . fred it 's no miracle , lady and gentleman . I be not disabled . never have be . I just pretend to be handicapped so I could get one of this football . ( beat ) I be sorry . what I do be wrong , terribly wrong . ( more ) 97 . fred ( cont would ) and I apologize to people with disability everywhere , and anyone else I have hurt . Fred look over at denise , who turn away in betrayal and disgust . fred ( cont . ) I be not ask for forgiveness , I know I do not deserve it , I just ... in a way I wish everyone out there have have my experience . because then we would all see that people with disability do not want lame tribute show , or special privilege -- they just want to be treat like everyone else . ( take a deep breath ) the fact be , we all have disability . some be just more visible than other . and right now mine ... be obvious . I be sorry . I be ... I be just sorry . Fred look out at the crowd . hand the football back to mercury . then take the long , lonely walk back down the ramp . as he pass denise , she just turn away . Fred continue down the ramp , completely miserable . every eye in the stadium on he . and then one large fan stand up . fan I say we kill the bastard ! other fan yeah ! and suddenly a bunch of fan leap out of the stand and rush Fred . even if he want to run , there would be no escape . he sink into a ocean of angry fan , midst punch , kick , spitting , shouting ... and all go black . fade out . int : hospital - day fade in a row of tube , a heartbeat machine , and Fred lie asleep on a hospital bed , all bandage up , appendage in cast . poinsettia and christmas card surround the bed . Fred 's eyelid flutter open , and he see -- curtis stand over he . curtis where 's my football ? 98. Fred look over and see Rhonda stand next to curtis . fred Rhonda ... rhonda well . where be it ? curtis where 's my football ??? Fred look at Rhonda and curtis . amaze at they gall and lack of compassion . look curtis in the fred you be not get a football , curtis . and you know why ? because you be a selfish , sadistic little turd . incredible eye . curtis stare at Fred , speechless . never tell to he face what he really be before . Rhonda be horrify . rhonda Fred molinski , you take that back right now . fred no . the only thing I be take back be my proposal . rhonda what ? why ? fred you be a beautiful woman , Rhonda . I always feel I be not good enough for you . and I make the mistake of think that feel be love . but it 's not . ( beat ) and now ... I just want something a little more ... special . Rhonda stare at Fred in shock . and anger . rhonda all right , that 's it . this relationship be over . over . which , I might add , will be a great relief to my parent . and you , Fred ... well , let 's just say I think you get exactly what you deserve . 99 . she grab curtis and pull he to the door . but before she leave turn back one more time to Fred . dramatically . rhonda ( cont . ) but what I want to know be when be curtis and I gonna get what we deserve ? when ? and she and curtis leave . Fred watch the doorway as they voice echo down the hallway . curtis ( 0.s. ) so when be I gonna get a ball ? rhonda ( 0.s. ) you be not gonna get a stupid ball ! curtis ( 0.s. ) you do not love I ! rhonda ( 0.s. ) shut up !!! a calm go over Fred 's face . he smile , rid of they and he demon at last . and then someone else come through the doorway -- ronnie , in he wheelchair . ronnie ready to go ? ext : STREET - day Fred and ronnie cruise down the sidewalk in they wheelchair . Racing . ronnie 's in the lead . ronnie hurry up , slowpoke ! fred it 's no fair ! you have get more horsepower ! ronnie laugh , then arrive at the bowl alley . int : bowling alley - continuous Inside a big Christmas party be go on : Christmas music , a tree , eggnog , with all of the gang , plus Pablo and Alice , Al and Vicki , and even lester . 100 . ronnie hey , everybody ! look who 's here ! they all turn and see Fred . smile , clap , and yell " merry Christmas , Fred ! " he smile , and wheel into the room . isabel merry Christmas , Fred ! when will you be up and about again ? fred in another month or so . ( look around ) where 's miss hilgart ? nick Palm Beach . she decide to retire . so we be run the house ourselves now . Fred smile . spot lester . roll up to he . fred hey , lester . merry Christmas . he toss he a football - shape christmas present . lester rip it open . it 's the authenticate and sign mercury pearson football ! he freak out , hold it up triumphantly . lester yes !!! come to papa !!! Fred smile , then wheel over to Al and Vicki . Vicki hold out she leave hand , display a engagement ring . VICKI look what Al give I for Christmas . fred you be get marry ? al ( smile ) yep . and we be gonna adopt three retarded kid ! Al squeeze Vicki 's hand . the two of they look into each other 's eye , deeply in love . Fred stare at they wistfully . DENISE ( 0.s. ) hi. 101 . Fred turn around . it 's denise . look beautiful in red . the two of they stand and sit there for a while . not know what to say . DENISE what you do be wrong , Fred . it be unconscionable . ( beat ) but I also realize that because you do it , somehow my life , everyone 's life be better . and if they can somehow find it in they heart to forgive you ... well , maybe ... maybe it 's not too late to make something good out of something bad . Fred look up at denise . shake he head . fred I can not believe this . for the first time I can actually speak to you . and I have no idea what to say . ronnie wheel over to the two of they . ronnie then do not say anything . he hold a sprig of mistletoe over Fred 's head . Fred and denise look at each other . then denise lean down . and kiss Fred on the lip . and he kiss back . and it 's amazing . they finally break it off . fred so I hear you be make the screenplay . DENISE yep . start shoot in February . ( beat ) know anybody who could help we out with the set ? Fred smile . then get a mischievous look on he face . he wheel over to where Alice and Pablo be dance . then touch Pablo 's butt . Pablo turn around . fred oh , sorry . Fred wheel away . then turn back to denise . 102 . fred ( cont . ) that 's one to nothing . Fred roll over to Al . denise realize what 's go on , smile , and quickly rush over to Vicki . as the butt - touch contest begin , lester call out to Fred . lester Fred ! catch ! he toss the football over to Fred . unfortunately , he aim be off and the football land in one of the alley . slide across the slick floor . score a strike . underneath the lane there 's a horrible grating SOUND . and then suddenly a thousand tiny piece of the football be spew out of the ball return . lester stare in horror . lester ( cont . ) nooood000000000000000 ! ! ! ! pull back further and further as Fred and denise continue play the butt-touch game until it 's time to fade out . the end